The women's +67 kg competition of the taekwondo events at the 2018 Mediterranean Games took place on the 30 of June at the Salou Pavilion.
Schedule
All times are Central European Summer Time (UTC+2).
Results
Legend
PTG — Won by Points Gap
SUP — Won by superiority
OT — Won on over time (Golden Point)
DQ — Won by disqualification
PUN — Won by punitive declaration
WD — Won by withdrawal
Main bracket
References
Taekwondo at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
2018 in women's taekwondo
Southwest Georgia Regional Airport is an airport four miles southwest of Albany, in Dougherty County, Georgia, in the United States. The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 categorized it as a primary commercial service airport. Federal Aviation Administration records say the airport had 39,200 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2008, 33,044 in 2009 and 35,494 in 2010.
History
Albany Airport opened in 1935, about 4 miles southwest of the city. In October 1938 Eastern Air Lines began mail service to the field. Eastern's Eddie Rickenbacker announced that as soon as the City improved the airport, Eastern would start passenger service. The City was doing just that during 1939 and 1940 in the form of a WPA project to enlarge the landing area and build a passenger terminal.
In 1940 the United States Army Air Corps was establishing civil pilot training schools at airports in the southeast, with its moderate weather. Albany Airport had been rejected as an advanced training base (Turner Army Airfield was built north of Albany instead), but it was approved for a primary contract school in June. The City agreed to provide $500,000 for further improvements to the landing field, the completion of the passenger terminal, the cost of two new hangars and half the cost of a third hangar. An additional investment of over $400,000 was made by Hal S. Darr, owner of the contract flying school for the construction of the cantonment area and one half the cost of one hangar. Ground was broken in July 1940. The Army Air Corps named the school the 52nd Army Air Force Fight Training Detachment. Thus Darr Aero Tech became the first Army Air Corps activity constructed in Georgia during the buildup to World War II. In addition to the main school at Albany, the following auxiliary airfields were used:
Hayley Auxiliary Field
Reynolds Auxiliary Field
River Auxiliary Field (location undetermined)
Turner Auxiliary Field (location undetermined)
On August 15, 1940 the first class of 45 cadets began training. The cadets were initially housed in the Georgia Hotel until the barracks reached completion on 20 August. Flight training commenced with 15 PT-13 Stearmans and 11 flight instructors. Seven classes of American cadets were trained until July 1941. On June 8, 1941, the school received the first British RAF cadets under the Arnold Scheme. For the next 14 months, Darr's classes were exclusively British. A conflict existed between Turner and Darr over airspace. Generally, Turner's airspace was north of Albany and Darr's south of Albany. Where the areas overlapped, Turner's aircraft flew above 5,000 ft. and Darr's below 5,000. Darr's three auxiliary fields were south of Albany.
During the first year of operation Darr Aero Tech graduated 559 American and 86 British cadets. The last British class graduated on October 10, 1942. The seven British cadets killed at Darr and Turner Field, were interred at Albany's Crown Hill Cemetery. A granite monument and flagpole erected by the Albany American Legion Post 30 mark the graves today.
On December 11, 1941, the Defense Plant Corporation bought the school from Mr. Darr for $408,000 and the airfield was called Albany Army Airfield. Anticipating an increase in training, an additional $100,000 was spent on improvements in 1942 that included a dispensary, cold storage building, additional barracks and a Link Trainer building. After the end of 1943 training began to decrease, eventually ending with the closing of the school on December 28, 1944.
In September 1945 control of the airfield was turned over to the City of Albany, and Eastern resumed service in 1945. Southern arrived in 1949; Eastern pulled out in 1971 and the DC-9s of Southern's successor Republic left in 1984.
The airport eventually received paved runways. In 1959 a new terminal building was completed and named in honor of Mayor Bill McAfee, who had recently died. In 2004, the only structures of Darr Aero Tech remaining are the three hangars. No trace of the cantonment area exists.
Albany Army Airfield and Darr Aero Tech is remembered by a display inside the terminal building plus a memorial and flagpole outside.
Facilities
The airport covers 980 acres (397 ha) at an elevation of 196 feet (60 m). It has two asphalt runways: 4/22 is 6,601 by 148 feet (2,012 x 45 m) and 16/34 is 5,219 by 148 feet (1,591 x 45 m).
In the year ending July 30, 2011 the airport had 34,980 aircraft operations, average 95 per day: 68% general aviation, 24% military, 8% air taxi, and <1% airline. 32 aircraft were then based at the airport: 66% single-engine, 28% multi-engine, and 6% jet.
The production facilities for Thrush Aircraft are next to the airport.
Airlines and destinations
Passenger
Cargo
Statistics
See also
Georgia World War II Army Airfields
29th Flying Training Wing (World War II)
References
External links
Southwest Georgia Regional Airport, official site
Aerial image as of December 1999 from USGS The National Map
Airports in Georgia (U.S. state)
Transportation in Dougherty County, Georgia
Buildings and structures in Dougherty County, Georgia
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in Georgia (U.S. state)
USAAF Contract Flying School Airfields
Airports established in 1935
1935 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Ali Iyad Ali Olwan (; born 26 March 2000) is a Jordanian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Qatari club Al-Shamal and the Jordan national team.
International career
Scores and results list Jordan goal tally first.
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Jordanian footballers
Jordanian expatriate footballers
Jordan international footballers
Association football defenders
Jordanian Pro League players
Qatar Stars League players
Al-Jazeera (Jordan) players
Al-Shamal SC players
Expatriate footballers in Qatar
Jordanian expatriate sportspeople in Qatar
Horacio Siburu Libarona (18 March 1922 – 10 April 2000) was an Argentine modern pentathlete. They competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1922 births
2000 deaths
Argentine male modern pentathletes
Olympic modern pentathletes of Argentina
Modern pentathletes at the 1948 Summer Olympics
People from Concordia, Entre Ríos
Sportspeople from Entre Ríos Province
On September 24, 1815, John Sevier (DR), representative for , died in office. A special election was held to fill the resulting vacancy December 7–8, 1815.
Election results
Blount took office on January 8, 1816
See also
List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives
References
Tennessee 02
1815
Tennessee 1815 02
1815 Tennessee elections
Tennessee 02
United States House of Representatives 1815 02
Subhrojit Saha is an Indian television actor mainly working in the Bengali-language television industry based in Kolkata. They came to prominence by playing the male lead role in the television serial Rakhi Bandhan.
Career
Saha started their acting career with television serial Rakhi Bandhan in which they played the role of Bandhan. After the show went off-air, they were cast to play Jadunath Choudhury, the grandson of Rani Rashmoni in Karunamoyee Rani Rashmoni from 2019 to 2020.  They are currently playing Samudra, the male lead in Nayantara (TV series).
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Bengali television actors
Indian television actors
21st-century Indian male actors
Ford Parker "Moon" Mullen (February 9, 1917 – February 28, 2013) was a second baseman in Major League Baseball who played one year for the Philadelphia Blue Jays during the season. Listed at 5' 9", 165 lb., Mullen batted left-handed and threw right-handed. They attended the University of Oregon, where they played baseball and basketball, and was a member of the basketball team that won the first NCAA men's basketball championship.
Early life
Mullen was born in Olympia, Washington. They received the nickname "Moon" after the popular comic strip character "Moon Mullins". Mullen attended the University of Oregon, where they played baseball and basketball. They were a reserve guard on the 1938–39 Oregon Ducks men's basketball team coached by Howard Hobson, and winners of the first ever NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament. On the baseball team (also coached by Hobson), they played third base, catcher, and second base.
Professional career
In 1944, Mullen played 118 games for the Philadelphia Blue Jays (as the Philadelphia Phillies were briefly known), posting a .267 batting average (124-for-464) with 51 runs and 31 RBI, including nine doubles, four triples, four stolen bases, and a .315 on-base percentage with no home runs. Following the 1944 season, Mullen was one of many major leaguers who saw their baseball career interrupted by a stint in the United States Army during World War II. They missed the 1945 and 1946 seasons, then attended spring training with the Phillies but did not make the team. They played most of the rest of their career in the Pacific Coast League with the Portland Beavers. Their last professional season was spent as player-manager for the 1950 Boise Pilots of the Pioneer League.
After baseball
They were married to their wife Jessie, whom they met at a high school football game, for 72 years. After their baseball career, they returned to Olympia where they coached the Olympia High School baseball team and taught high school biology and zoology for 27 years before their retirement.
They died in Stanwood, Washington on February 28, 2013. They had suffered a stroke two weeks prior to their death. At the age of 96 they were the last surviving member of the Ducks' 1939 NCAA team and was one of the oldest living major league ballplayers.
See also
1944 Philadelphia Phillies season
List of the oldest living MLB players
References
Further reading
External links
, or Retrosheet
Philadelphia Phillies players
Major League Baseball second basemen
Boise Pilots players
Oregon Ducks baseball players
Oregon Ducks men's basketball players
Baseball players from Washington (state)
Basketball players from Washington (state)
Sportspeople from Olympia, Washington
Military personnel from Washington (state)
United States Army personnel of World War II
1917 births
2013 deaths
American men's basketball players
Scott Douglas Makar (born October 15, 1959) is an American lawyer, college professor and Judge on the Florida First District Court of Appeal. Previously they were the Florida Solicitor General serving from 2007 until 2012 and in that position, argued five cases before the United States Supreme Court.
Early years
Scott Makar was born on October 15, 1959 and their family moved to Holmes Beach, Florida in 1969. They graduated from Manatee High School in 1977.
Education
Mr. Makar graduated from Mercer University in 1980 with a Bachelor of Science double majoring in mathematics & economics,
magna cum laude. At the University of Florida, they received a Master of Business Administration in finance and Master of Arts in economics during 1982, then a Juris Doctor with honors in 1987 and finally, a Doctor of Philosophy in economics during 1993. Mr. Makar was founder and Editor-in-Chief of the University of Florida Journal of Law and Public Policy. They were also a member of the University of Florida Law Review and received the Gertrude Brick Award. Makar clerked for Judge Thomas Alonzo Clark on the Eleventh Circuit of the United States courts of appeals, and at the Antitrust Division for the United States Department of Justice, among others.
Teaching
Their love for academics prompted Makar to begin teaching undergraduate courses when they were in law school. They have taught law courses at the University of Florida, Florida Coastal School of Law, University of North Florida and Jacksonville University. Part of their position as Florida Solicitor General includes teaching at Florida State University.
Lawyer
Makar was admitted to the Florida Bar on October 9, 1987. They joined Holland & Knight, LLP in 1989 and became a Capital Partner prior to their departure in 2001. They were hired as chief of the appellate division in the Office of General Counsel for the City of Jacksonville. They remained with the city for seven years.
Makar has written law review and law journal articles on a broad range of topics, many of which have been cited by commentators and courts, with several garnering legal writing awards. They were appointed to the Florida Supreme Court's Standard Jury Instructions Committee (Civil) and currently serves as its chair emeritus. They served on the first Executive Council of the Florida Bar's Appellate Practice and Advocacy Section as a founding member. They also chaired the Appellate Practice Section of the Jacksonville Bar Association from 2001-02.
Solicitor
Makar was appointed as Florida Solicitor General by Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum on February 13, 2007. McCollum did not seek re-election in 2010, and Pam Bondi was elected Florida Attorney General. They retained Makar in the position, and they served as one of their senior advisers. As Florida Solicitor General, Makar oversaw civil appeals involving the state's interests in all state and federal appellate courts. They also held the Richard W. Ervin Eminent Scholar Chair in the Florida State University College of Law where they taught. Their $165,000 salary was split between the state and FSU.
While Solicitor General, Makar argued cases before the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeal, the Florida Supreme Court, the First District Court of Appeal, several Judicial Circuits, and United States Supreme Court.
US Supreme Court
Typically, a state's Solicitor General will only have a case before the US Supreme Court every other year; Makar argued Florida Department of Revenue v. Piccadilly Cafeteria in 2007-2008, and nothing occurred in the 2008-2009 term. Florida was party to five cases in 2009-2010, and Makar personally argued four of them. In an interview, Makar claimed that the cashier of the cafeteria in the U.S. Supreme Court building saw them so often that they assumed they must work there, and offered them the employee discount.
The cases were:
Graham v. Florida and Sullivan v. Florida, (Juveniles sentenced to life without parole for non-homicide crimes) Graham won, Sullivan lost.
Stop the Beach Renourishment Inc. v. Florida Department of Environmental Protection, (homeowners opposed beach renourishment which would establish their property boundary at the water line before renourishment, instead of the subsequent water's edge after renourishment) Stop the Beach lost.
Holland v. Florida, (challenged the one-year statute of limitations under the AEDPA) Holland won.
Over 100 of their cases have been reported, covering diverse topics.
Judge
On February 6, 2012, Florida Governor Rick Scott announced that they appointed Scott Makar to replace Paul Hawkes, who resigned over funding questions in the new First DCA "Taj Mahal" Courthouse. On February 23, 2012, Makar revealed that they would leave the Attorney General's office on March 23, 2012, to occupy the bench as a judge in the Florida First District Court of Appeal in Tallahassee. Other First DCA judges teach at various law schools, so Makar confirmed that they will probably do so, too.
Makar's official investiture as a member of the First District Court of Appeal was held on April 23, 2012.
Personal
 They are married to the former Nancy Hogshead, who was a co-worker at Holland & Knight. Their wife is a professor at Florida Coastal School of Law and 1984 Olympic Gold medalist in swimming. Their home is in Jacksonville, Florida, and they have a son, Aaron (2000), and twin daughters, Helen Clare & Millicent (2005).
Their wife and son were able to attend several of their oral arguments at the US Supreme Court.
References
External links
Florida Attorney General, Solicitor General profile
Florida State University faculty
1960 births
Living people
Mercer University alumni
People from Jacksonville, Florida
Warrington College of Business alumni
Florida Republicans
Jacksonville University faculty
People from Holmes Beach, Florida
Holland & Knight partners
Solicitors General of Florida
Judges of the Florida District Courts of Appeal
Nordstemmen is a village and a municipality in the district of Hildesheim, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the river Leine, approx. 10 km west of Hildesheim, and 25 km south of Hannover.
Subdivision
Besides Nordstemmen proper, the municipality consists of the villages of Adensen, Barnten, Burgstemmen, Groß Escherde, Hallerburg, Heyersum, Klein Escherde, Mahlerten and Rössing.
Mayor
The mayor is Nicole Dombrowski (independent), they were elected in September 2020.
Personalities
Rudolf Wiegmann (1804-1865), architect, painter and professor at the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf
References
External links
Hildesheim (district)
Fabulous Boys (Chinese: 原來是美男) is a 2013 Taiwanese drama starring Lyan Cheng, Jiro Wang, Hwang In Deok, and Evan Yo. It is a remake of the South Korean drama You're Beautiful, which first aired in 2009. It is also known as You're Beautiful Taiwan Version, You're Beautiful, He's Beautiful, Yuan Lai Shi Mei Nan.
Cast
Main cast
A.N.JELL
Jiro Wang as Huang Tai Jing (黃泰京)
Lyan Cheng as Gao Mei Nu 高美女 / Gao Mei Nan 高美男
Pets Tseng as Gao Mei Nan 高美男 (Background Cover)
Hwang In Deok as Jiang Xin Yu 姜新禹
Evan Yo as Jeremy
Supporting cast
Jenna Wang (王思平) as Liu Xin Ning 柳心凝
Chen Wei Min as Mark 馬克
Bao Wei Ming (包偉銘) as An Shi Jie 安士杰
Lily Tien as Mu Hua Lan 慕華蘭
Zhang Qin Yan (張沁妍) as Ke Ti 可蒂
Renzo Liu as Jin Da Pai 金大牌
Nylon Chen as Gao Cai Yin
Da Mu (大目) as Dancing instructor
Amanda as Fan club president
Xia Yu Xin (夏語心/寶咖咖) as Fan
Riva Chang as Fan
Gao Yu Shan (高玉珊) as Gao Mei Ci 高美慈
Huang Yi Jia (黃一嘉) as Assistant Lin 林秘書
Xia Yu Xin (夏語心) as Ding Ya Zi 丁亞姿
Park Shin Hye as Go Mi-nam/Go Mi-nyeo [Korean Gao Mei Nu] (ep1)
Luo Hong Zheng as themselves (ep1)(SpeXial)
Sam Lin as themselves (ep1)(SpeXial)
Xu Ming Jie as themselves (ep1)(SpeXial)
Huang Wei Jin as themselves (ep1)(SpeXial)
Tia Lee as themselves (ep1)(Dream Girls)
Puff Kuo as themselves (ep1)(Dream Girls)
Emily Song (宋米秦) as themselves (ep1)(Dream Girls)
Soundtrack
Broadcast
References
External links
Formosa Television original programming
Gala Television original programming
2013 Taiwanese television series debuts
2013 Taiwanese television series endings
Musical television series
Taiwanese television series based on South Korean television series
Cavalry Corps may refer to:
Cavalry Corps (France)
Cavalry Corps (Ireland)
Cavalry corps (Red Army)
Cavalry Corps (Union Army)
Cavalry Corps (United Kingdom)
Vertigo is the student magazine of the University of Technology, Sydney. Its name derives from the university's main building, which is a 28-storey brutal modernist tower block, and how the Vertigo Offices were originally at its summit. Vertigo is published by the UTS Students' Association (UTSSA).
The name Vertigo was adopted in 1991. Previously the student newspaper had been called Newswit, a leftover from when UTS was the NSW Institute of Technology.
Content
Each year, the team elected as editors of Vertigo are given creative control of the publication. UTSSA by-laws require at least 50% all content published in Vertigo to be non-fiction, half of which must relate to issues affecting students of UTS. These quotas are enforced by the General Secretary of the UTSSA.
Magazine
Since 2016 the magazine has been published as six volumes across the calendar year. The magazine is distributed across the Broadway and Haymarket campuses.
Each edition contains an editorial letter and submissions from students and the editorial team. The layout and written content of Vertigo is dictated by the incumbent editorial team. The magazine typically divided into the categories of arts & lifestyle, business, science & innovation, society and culture, creative writing, and a visual showcase. Written submissions are featured alongside artwork, visual design and comics.
VertigoTV
The 2017 Editors of Vertigo started VertigoTV, a digital video brand managed by one editor and a team of screenwriters, video editors, sound designers, animator, and filmmakers. They produced fashion lookbooks, animated trailers, interviews, campus news, and skits.
Office Bearer Reports
Vertigo is constitutionally required to print Office Bearer Reports for the UTS Students' Association Office Bearers if they would like to inform the student population about their role and activities. This has often led to controversies as the editorial direction often attracts a readership which may be at political odds with some Office Bearers' beliefs.
Editors
The Vertigo editorial team are annually elected at the end of the preceding year on a ticket of six to 12 by UTS students. Vertigo editorial teams have typically consisted of an editorial and design contingent. An editor-in-chief may be elected at the discretion of the editorial team, but is not a fixed role. At the conclusion of their term, the Vertigo editorial team are paid a stipend of $40,000 divided by the number of members who have completed their term, granted no editor receives more than $5,000.
References
External links
Vertigo Online
Vertigo at the UTS Students' Association
College humor magazines
Magazines established in 1991
Magazines published in Sydney
Student magazines
University of Technology Sydney
Youth magazines
1991 establishments in Australia
Monthly magazines published in Australia
Roberts Cirque () is a cirque marked by a sheer rock cliff located just west of Zurn Peak along the central-north wall of Toney Mountain in Marie Byrd Land. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–71, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for John H. Roberts III, U.S. Navy, Chief Commissaryman with the South Pole Station winter party, 1974.
Cirques of Antarctica
Landforms of Marie Byrd Land
Work ethic is a belief that work and diligence have a moral benefit and an inherent ability, virtue or value to strengthen character and individual abilities. It is a set of values centered on importance of work and manifested by determination or desire to work hard. Social ingrainment of this value is considered to enhance character through hard work that is respective to an individual's field of work.
Factors of a good work ethic
Proponents of a strong work ethic consider it to be important for achieving goals, that it gives strength to their orientation and the right mindset. A work ethic is a set of moral principles a person uses in their job. People who possess a strong work ethic embody certain principles that guide their work behaviour; to develop and process a strong work ethic will inevitably result in the production of high-quality work which is consistent. The output motivates them to stay on track. A good work ethic fuels an individual's needs and goals, it is related to the initiative by a person for the objectives. It is considered as a source of self respect, satisfaction, and fulfillment.
Factors are:
Goal-oriented actions: It is not about making plans or the next logical steps; it's about getting things done so that the work invested wouldn't be counter-productive.
Prioritized focus: Focusing on qualitative activities that a person is responsible for and in areas where they can make a difference or a high impact based on objectives.
Being available and reliable: Spending time on the work and building oneself up for the task.
Conscientiousness: A desire to do a task well, being vigilant and organized.
Creating a rewarding routine/system: Engaging in tasks that provide strength and energy which can be transferred to your ultimate goals, creating a habit and a habitat for success.
Embracing positivism: Shape a problem with the statement "good, (action) (problem)", e.g. "I'm tired and it is time for a workout" leads to "Good. Workout tired".
Work ethic also has been measured as a multidimensional variable composed of seven factors, including self-reliance, ethical behavior, valuing leisure time, hard work, giving importance/centrality of work, productive use of time, and delay of gratification.
A negative work ethic is a behavior of a single individual or a group that has led to a systematic lack of productivity, reliability, accountability and a growing sphere of unprofessional/unhealthy relationships (e.g., power politics, lack of social skills, etc.).
Assumptions
Assumptions about good work ethic, drawn out in the philosophical writings of Goldman, are:
The path to what you want is to take action.
The success of action plans depend upon how congruent one's worldview (Weltanschauung) is with the society's.
Many problems faced are only a temporary breakdown of self management.
Setting time limits for achieving goals helps to overcome the edge of discomforts that time can have on subjective needs.
A positive problem-solving or goal attainment experience improves one's ability to cope with the next difficulty.
Hardships in life is a normality, they become a problem when they are the same over and over.
A person is what s/he does, and feelings flow from behavior.
Feelings can be viewed as beliefs about one's wants.
How hard you work will determine how far you go.
Capitalist view
The Puritans who settled in New England around the 17th and 18th centuries believed that working hard at one's call was a sign that one would be saved. They were followed by Calvinists who believed in predestination and had faith that they were chosen or had the call from God to fulfill their duty in the world. To both of them, accumulation of wealth was an indicator of working to their fullest capacity as a response to the call and assurance for earning salvation. These ideologies are the foundations of the Protestant work ethic.
Max Weber quotes the ethical writings of Benjamin Franklin:
Remember, that time is money. They that can earn ten shillings a day by their labor, and goes abroad, or sits idle, one half of that day, though they spend but sixpence during their diversion or idleness, ought not to reckon that the only expense; they have really spent, or rather thrown away, five shillings besides.
Remember, that money is the prolific, generating nature. Money can beget money, and its offspring can beget more, and so on. Five shillings turned is six, turned again is seven and threepence, and so on, till it becomes a hundred pounds. The more there is of it, the more it produces every turning, so that the profits rise quicker and quicker. They that kills a breeding sow, destroys all their offspring to the thousandth generation. They that murders a crown, destroys all that it might have produced, even scores of pounds.
Weber notes that this is not a philosophy of mere greed, but a statement laden with moral language. It is in effect an ethical response to the natural desire for hedonic reward, a statement of the value of delayed gratification to achieve self-actualization. Franklin claims that Bible readings revealed to them the usefulness of virtue. Indeed, this reflects the then-Christian search for the ethic for living and the struggle to make a living.<ref>Weber, Max The Protestant Ethic and "The Spirit of Capitalism" (Penguin Books, 2002) translated by Peter Baehr and Gordon C. Wells, pp.9-12</ref>
Steven Malanga refers to "what was once understood as the work ethic—not just hard work but also a set of accompanying virtues, whose crucial role in the development and sustaining of free markets too few now recall".
Experimental studies have shown that people with fair work ethic are able to tolerate tedious jobs with equitable monetary rewards and benefits, are highly critical, and have a tendency for workaholism and a negative relation with leisure activity concepts. They valued meritocracy and egalitarianism.
In the 1940s, work ethic was considered very important and nonconformist ideals were dealt autocratically. It is recorded that, at the Ford Company, a worker named John Gallo was dismissed for, "...laughing with the other fellows, and slowing down the assembly line...".
Anti-capitalist view
Countercultural groups and communities have challenged these values in recent decades.
The French Leftist philosopher André Gorz (1923–2007) wrote:
"The work ethic has become obsolete. It is no longer true that producing more means working more, or that producing more will lead to a better way of life.
The connection between more and better has been broken; our needs for many products and services are already more than adequately met, and many of our as-yet-unsatisfied needs will be met not by producing more, but by producing differently, producing other things, or even producing less. This is especially true as regards our needs for air, water, space, silence, beauty, time and human contact.
Neither is it true any longer that the more each individual works, the better off everyone will be. In a post-industrial society, not everyone has to work hard in order to survive, though may be forced to anyway due to the economic system. The present crisis has stimulated technological change of an unprecedented scale and speed: 'the micro-chip revolution'. The object and indeed the effect of this revolution has been to make rapidly increasing savings in labour, in the industrial, administrative and service sectors. Increasing production is secured in these sectors by decreasing amounts of labour. As a result, the social process of production no longer needs everyone to work in it on a full-time basis. The work ethic ceases to be viable in such a situation and workbased society is thrown into crisis."
Anti-capitalists believe that the concept of "hard work" is meant by capitalists to delude the working class into becoming loyal servants to the elite, and that working hard, in itself, is not automatically an honorable thing, but only a means to creating more wealth for the people at the top of the economic pyramid. In the Soviet Union, the regime portrayed work ethic as an ideal to strive for.
The recession is a contributing factor that holds back work ethic, because the generation that inherits economic decline lives in an economy that isn't ready to receive them. Without work there to do, the ethic that is attached to it fails to generate distinctive value. The negative work ethic and power structures that don't value or credit work done or unethically attribute work done as a service or with higher moral ideals have dissolved the ethic presented in the society and turned the focus onto self-centered perks and individualism. Further, urbanization and an emphasis on large-scale businesses has led to eliminating avenues for learning vital concepts about work. Millennials in research identified what made them unique was consumerist trends like technology use, music/pop culture, liberal/tolerant beliefs, clothes, and individualistic ones like greater intelligence than work, they were not able to distinguish the concept in the traditional understandings of work ethic.
See also
Armchair warrior
Business ethics
Contrafreeloading
Happiness economics
Humanistic economics
Laziness
Locus of control
Maurice Blanchot (Désoeuvrement Inoperativity)Ora et laboraProtestant work ethic
Prussian virtues
Refusal of work
Workaholism
Workerism
Aktion Arbeitsscheu Reich
References
Citations
Sources
Daniel T. Rodgers. The Work Ethic in Industrial America, 1850-1920''. Univ. of Chicago Press, 1978 2nd edition 2014
Applied ethics
Working time
Criticism of work
Dogo is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. As of 2009 the commune had a population of 33,466.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
The Khitan large script () was one of two writing systems used for the now-extinct Khitan language (the other was Khitan small script). It was used during the 10th–12th centuries by the Khitan people, who had created the Liao Empire in north-eastern China. In addition to the large script, the Khitans simultaneously also used a functionally independent writing system known as the Khitan small script. Both Khitan scripts continued to be in use to some extent by the Jurchens for several decades after the fall of the Liao Dynasty, until the Jurchens fully switched to a script of their own. Examples of the scripts appeared most often on epitaphs and monuments, although other fragments sometimes surface.
History
Abaoji of the Yelü clan, founder of the Khitan, or Liao, Dynasty, introduced the original Khitan script in 920 CE. "Large script", or "big characters" (), as it was referred to in some Chinese sources, was established to keep the record of the new Khitan state. The Khitan script was based on the idea of the Chinese script.
Description
The Khitan large script was considered to be relatively simple. The large script characters were written equally spaced, in vertical columns, in the same way as the Chinese has been traditionally written. Although large script mostly uses logograms, it is possible that ideograms and syllabograms are used for grammatical functions. The large script has a few similarities to Chinese, with several words taken directly with or without modifications from the Chinese (e.g. characters which appear in dates in the apparently bilingual Xiao Xiaozhong muzhi inscription from Xigushan, Jinxi, Liaoning Province). Most large script characters, however, cannot be directly related to any Chinese characters. The meaning of most of them remains unknown, but that of a few of them (numbers, symbols for some of the five elements and the twelve animals that the Khitans apparently used to designate years of the sexagenary cycle) has been established by analyzing dates in Khitan inscriptions.
While there has long been controversy as to whether a particular monument belong to the large or small script, there are several monuments (steles or fragments of stelae) that the specialists at least tentatively identify as written in the Khitan large script. However, one of the first inscriptions so identified (the Gu taishi mingshi ji epitaph, found in 1935) has been since lost, and the preserved rubbings of it are not very legible; moreover, some believe that this inscription was a forgery in the first place. In any event, the total of about 830 different large-script characters are thought to have been identified, even without the problematic Gu taishi mingshi ji; including it, the character count rises to about 1000. The Memorial for Yelü Yanning (dated 986 CE) is one of the earliest inscriptions in Khitan large script.
Direction
While the Khitan large script was traditionally written top-to-bottom, it can also be written left-to-right, which is the direction to be expected in modern contexts for Khitan large script and other traditionally top-to-bottom scripts, especially in electronic text.
Jurchen
Some of the characters of the Jurchen scripts have similarities to Khitan large script. According to some sources, the discoveries of inscriptions on monuments and epitaphs give clues to the connection between Khitan and Jurchen. After the fall of the Liao Dynasty, the Khitan (small-character) script continued to be used by the Jurchen people for a few decades, until fully replaced with Jurchen script and, in 1191, suppressed by imperial order.
Corpus
There are no surviving examples of printed texts in the Khitan language, and aside from five example Khitan large characters with Chinese glosses in a book on calligraphy written by Tao Zongyi () during the mid 14th century, there are no Chinese glossaries or dictionaries of Khitan. However, in 2002 a small fragment of a Khitan manuscript with seven Khitan large characters and interlinear glosses in Old Uyghur was identified in the collection of the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities. Then, in 2010 a manuscript codex (Nova N 176) held at the Institute of Oriental Manuscripts of the Russian Academy of Sciences in Saint Petersburg was identified by Viacheslav Zaytsev as being written in the Khitan large script.
The main source of Khitan texts are monumental inscriptions, mostly comprising memorial tablets buried in the tombs of Khitan nobility. There are about 17 known monuments with inscriptions in the Khitan large script, ranging in date from 986 to 1176.
In addition to monumental inscriptions, short inscriptions in both Khitan scripts have also been found on tomb murals and rock paintings, and on various portable artefacts such as mirrors, amulets, paiza (tablets of authority given to officials and envoys), and special non-circulation coins. A number of bronze official seals with the seal face inscribed in a convoluted seal script style of Khitan characters are also known.
References
Further reading
Liu Fengzhu (刘凤翥). Qidan Wenzi Yanjiu Leibian (1–4) (契丹文字研究类编, 'Collection of Research on the Khitan scripts'), China Social Science Publishers 中国社会科学出版社), 2014.
Daniel Kane, The Sino-Jurchen Vocabulary of the Bureau of Interpreters. (Uralic and Altaic Series, Vol. 153). Indiana University, Research Institute for Inner Asian Studies. Bloomington, Indiana, 1989. In particular, Chapter 3, "Khitan script" (pp. 11–20).
External links
Khitan script on Omniglot
Linguist List – Description of Kitan
Ancient peoples of China
Khitan scripts
Khitans
Obsolete writing systems
The Italian general election of 2008 took place on 13–14 April 2008.
In Trentino the centre-right came first thanks to the strong showing of Lega Nord, while in South Tyrol the South Tyrolean People's Party was confirmed as the largest party, but lost many votes to its right-wing competitors, Die Freiheitlichen and Union for South Tyrol.
Results
Chamber of Deputies
Trentino
|-
|- bgcolor="#E9E9E9"
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Coalition leader
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|votes
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|votes (%)
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Party
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|votes
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|votes (%)
|-
!rowspan="2" align="left" valign="top"|Silvio Berlusconi
|rowspan="2" valign="top"|139,088
|rowspan="2" valign="top"|43.9
|align="left"|The People of Freedom
|valign="top"|86,977
|valign="top"|27.4
|-
|align="left"|Lega Nord
|valign="top"|52,111
|valign="top"|16.4
|-
!rowspan="2" align="left" valign="top"|Walter Veltroni
|rowspan="2" valign="top"|117,508
|rowspan="2" valign="top"|37.1
|align="left"|Democratic Party
|valign="top"|102,359
|valign="top"|32.3
|-
|align="left"|Italy of Values
|valign="top"|15,149
|valign="top"|4.8
|-
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Pier Ferdinando Casini
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|20,307
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|6.4
|align="left"|Union of the Centre
|valign="top"|20,307
|valign="top"|6.4
|-
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Siegfried Brugger
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|15,054
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|4.8
|align="left"|South Tyrolean People's Party
|valign="top"|15,054
|valign="top"|4.8
|-
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Fausto Bertinotti
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|9,374
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|3.0
|align="left"|The Left – The Rainbow
|valign="top"|9,374
|valign="top"|3.0
|-
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Daniela Santanché
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|7,370
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|2.3
|align="left"|The Right
|valign="top"|7,370
|valign="top"|2.3
|-
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Others
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|8,220
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|2.6
|align="left"|others
|valign="top"|8,220
|valign="top"|2.6
|-
|- bgcolor="#E9E9E9"
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Total coalitions
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|316,921
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|100.0
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Total parties
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|316,921
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|100.0
|}
Source: Ministry of the Interior
South Tyrol
|-
|- bgcolor="#E9E9E9"
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Coalition leader
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|votes
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|votes (%)
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Party
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|votes
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|votes (%)
|-
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Siegfried Brugger
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|132,612
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|44.3
|align="left"|South Tyrolean People's Party
|valign="top"|132,612
|valign="top"|44.3
|-
!rowspan="2" align="left" valign="top"|Walter Veltroni
|rowspan="2" valign="top"|53,924
|rowspan="2" valign="top"|18.0
|align="left"|Democratic Party
|valign="top"|48,613
|valign="top"|16.4
|-
|align="left"|Italy of Values
|valign="top"|5,311
|valign="top"|1.7
|-
!rowspan="2" align="left" valign="top"|Silvio Berlusconi
|rowspan="2" valign="top"|47,966
|rowspan="2" valign="top"|16.0
|align="left"|The People of Freedom
|valign="top"|42,015
|valign="top"|14.0
|-
|align="left"|Lega Nord
|valign="top"|5,951
|valign="top"|2.0
|-
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Pius Leitner
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|28,224
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|9.4
|align="left"|Die Freiheitlichen
|valign="top"|28,224
|valign="top"|9.4
|-
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Andreas Pöder
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|12,443
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|4.2
|align="left"|Union for South Tyrol
|valign="top"|12,443
|valign="top"|4.2
|-
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Fausto Bertinotti
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|9,933
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|3.3
|align="left"|The Left – The Rainbow
|valign="top"|9,933
|valign="top"|3.3
|-
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Pier Ferdinando Casini
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|5,380
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|1.8
|align="left"|Union of the Centre
|valign="top"|5,380
|valign="top"|1.8
|-
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Daniela Santanché
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|5,067
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|1.7
|align="left"|The Right
|valign="top"|5,067
|valign="top"|1.7
|-
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Others
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|3,751
|rowspan="1" valign="top"|1.3
|align="left"|others
|valign="top"|3,751
|valign="top"|1.3
|-
|- bgcolor="#E9E9E9"
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Total coalitions
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|299,300
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|100.0
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Total parties
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|299,300
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|100.0
|}
Source: Ministry of the Interior
MPs elected in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol
Chamber of Deputies
Democratic Party
Gianclaudio Bressa
Laura Froner
Maria Luisa Gnecchi
The People of Freedom
Manuela Di Centa
Giorgio Holzmann
Maurizio Di Tenno
South Tyrolean People's Party
Siegfried Brugger
Karl Zeller
Lega Nord
Maurizio Fugatti
Senate
South Tyrolean People's Party
Helga Thaler Ausserhofer
Manfred Pinzger
Oskar Peterlini
The People of Freedom
Cristiano De Eccher
Giacomo Santini
Democratic Party
Claudio Molinari
Lega Nord
Sergio Divina
Elections in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol
2008 elections in Italy
Sioux City Community School District (SCCSD) is a public school district headquartered in the Educational Service Center in Sioux City, Iowa. The district is mostly in Woodbury County, with a portion in Plymouth County.
Schools
High schools
East High School
North High School
West High School
Middle schools
East Middle School
North Middle School
West Middle School
Elementary schools
Bryant
Hunt A+ Arts
Irving Dual Language
Leeds
Liberty
Loess Hills Computer Programming
Morningside STEM
Nodland/Sunnyside
Perry Creek
Riverside
Spalding Park Environmental Sciences
Unity
Preschools
Clark Early Childhood Center
References
External links
Sioux City Community School District
School districts in Iowa
Education in Sioux City, Iowa
Education in Woodbury County, Iowa
Education in Plymouth County, Iowa
Write or Dance () is a 2016 South Korean drama film directed by Lee Sang-deok.
Plot
The story of an aspiring novelist who experiences special meetings with different individuals, on a particular day of every month.
Cast
Choi Si-hyung as Si-hyung
Jeon Yeo-been as Yeo-been
Chae Seo-jin as Go-un
Yozoh as Su-jin
Yoo I-deun as I-deun
Jeon So-nee as So-ni
References
External links
2016 films
South Korean drama films
2010s South Korean films
Alby may refer to:
Places
Alby, Botkyrka, a suburb of Stockholm, Sweden
Alby metro station
Alby, Ånge, a locality in Västernorrland County, Sweden
Alby, Öland, a village in Hulterstad district, Sweden
Alby, a settlement in Alby with Thwaite, a civil parish in Norfolk, England
People
Nickname
Alby Anderson (1894–1980), Australian rules footballer
Alby Bahr (1881–1962), Australian rules footballer
Alby Broadby (1917–2012) was an Australian politician
Alby De Luca (1908–1978), Australian rules footballer
Alby Dunn (born 1941), former Australian rules footballer
Alby Falzon (born 1945), Australian surfing filmmaker, photographer and publisher
Alby Green (1874–1913), Australian rules footballer and first-class cricketer
Alby Ingleman (1886–1969), Australian rules footballer
Alby Jacobsen (1902–1989), Australian rules footballer
Alby Linton (1926–2010), Australian rules footballer
Albert Lowerson (1896–1945), Australian recipient of the Victoria Cross in the First World War
Alby Mangels (born 1948), Australian adventurer and documentary filmmaker
Alby Mathewson (born 1985), New Zealand rugby union player
Alby Morrison (1920–1997), Australian rules footballer
Alby Murdoch (1935–2010), Australian rules footballer
Alby Naismith (born 1917), Australian rules footballer
Alby O'Connor (1893–1944), Australian rules footballer
Alby Outen (1902–2010), Australian rules footballer
Alby Palmer (1885–1962), Australian rules footballer
Alby Pannam (1914–1993), Australian rules footballer
Alby Sabrina Pretto (born 1985), Italian ballet dancer
Alby Roberts (1909–1978), New Zealand cricketer
Alby Rodda (born 1920), former Australian rules football player
Alby Schultz (born 1945), Australian politician
Alby Tame (1877–1965), Australian rules footballer
Alby Thorne, Australian rugby league footballer in the 1930s and 1940s
Alby Weiss (1914–1999), Australian rules footballer
Presumed given name
Alby Barlow (born 1916), Australian racing cyclist
Alby James (born 1954), British theatre director
Alby Saunders (born 1924), Australian racing cyclist
Surname
Barbara Alby (1946–2012), American politician
Henri Alby (1858–1935), French army general
Fictional characters
Alby Grant, in the television show Big Love
Alby, in the novel The Maze Runner
Other uses
Cyclone Alby, which caused widespread damage in Australia in 1978
See also
Albie, a list of people with the nickname or given name
Albie (TV series), a 2002–2004 British animated television series
Albi (disambiguation)
Albysjön (disambiguation) (Swedish for "Lake Alby")
Lists of people by nickname
Hypocorisms
The Montauk Cutoff is an abandoned railroad right-of-way in Long Island City, Queens, New York City, that connected the Long Island Rail Road's Main Line and Lower Montauk Branch.
Route
The Montauk Cutoff is a cutoff approximately one-third of a mile in length and was double-tracked for its entire length. It begins just west of Sunnyside and Arch Street Yards (), after which it runs west parallel to Skillman Avenue and passes over the tracks leading to the East River Tunnels and Hunterspoint Avenue. It then runs elevated across several blocks in an industrial section of Long Island City, before crossing the Cabin M Bridge ()—a swing bridge over Dutch Kills—and meeting the Montauk Branch immediately to the east of Dutch Kills Bridge at Blissville Yard ().
History of operation
The Montauk Cutoff received a charter for construction in 1907 and was likely completed in 1908. It was originally constructed to allow trains from the Montauk Branch to directly access Sunnyside Yard, which was opened by the Pennsylvania Railroad in 1910. Following its opening, the Montauk Cutoff was primarily used by freight trains; it was constructed contemporaneously with other freight connections in Queens, including the Hell Gate Line (which now also sees Amtrak passenger service). On weekdays, the Montauk Cutoff was also used in lieu of a turntable (in essence, as a wye track) to turn diesel locomotives in Long Island City – then the main terminus for non-electric trains, which are not allowed to enter the East River Tunnels and Penn Station. As there was no turntable at Long Island City, west-facing locomotives from westbound trains would run around the cutoff after the trains discharged their passengers; the turned locomotives could then pull eastbound trains later in the day.
In the late 1990s, this practice was discontinued, as the LIRR's new diesel equipment (EMD DE30AC and DM30AC locomotives and C3 coaches) included cab cars, which enable remote control of the locomotive from the opposite end of the train and eliminate the need to turn locomotives in daily operations. Between the 1970s and 1990s, freight traffic into Long Island City also decreased, and in the 1990s, the MTA ceased freight operations with the sale of the LIRR's freight division to the New York and Atlantic Railway. As a result, the Montauk Cutoff saw less use and began to fall into disrepair.
Abandonment and possible reuse
The MTA has not used the Montauk Cutoff since its freight operations ended and the replacement of its diesel fleet—between 1989 and the late 1990s. Since then, the right-of-way has been overgrown and has seen graffiti, trespassers, homeless camps, and guerrilla gardening. In 2013, some local residents obtained a lease from the MTA to use a part of the abandoned right-of-way as a community garden; it was first conceived in 2011 as a guerrilla garden and is still operative .
In 2015, the MTA announced that it was decommissioning the Montauk Cutoff. It also announced that it was seeking concepts for reuse of the right-of-way. Some potential uses include an expanded garden, urban farm, or a park resembling the High Line in Manhattan, though the MTA announced that it does not want to sell the structure, as it wants to keep open the possibility of reuse as transportation infrastructure. A part of the Montauk Cutoff was later demolished to expand yard space for the East Side Access project.
See also
Rockaway Beach Branch
Bay Ridge Branch
References
Closed railway lines in the United States
Long Island City
Long Island Rail Road
Rail freight transportation in New York City
Railroad cutoffs
Railroads on Long Island
Transportation in Queens, New York
Mikk Reintam (born 22 May 1990) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Meistriliiga club Nõmme Kalju FC and the Estonia national team.
Club career
Flora
Reintam came through the youth system at Flora and played for the club's affiliates Warrior. They made their debut for Flora's first team on 3 March 2009, against Levadia in the Estonian Supercup, and scored the first goal of a 2–1 win. Reintam made their debut in the Meistriliiga on 7 March 2009, and scored the only goal of an away win against Nõmme Kalju.
In July 2010, Reintam moved to Tulevik on loan until the end of the 2010 season.
JJK
On 7 March 2011, Reintam signed a three-year contract with Finnish club JJK. They made their debut in the Veikkausliiga on 12 May 2011, in a 2–1 away victory over RoPS. Their club finished the 2011 season in third place, their highest position in history.
Nõmme Kalju
On 15 February 2014, Reintam signed a one-year contract with Meistriliiga club Nõmme Kalju. They were named Player of the Month for April 2014.
Frýdek-Místek
In April 2015, Reintam signed for Czech National League club Frýdek-Místek.
Alloa Athletic
On 7 July 2015, Reintam signed a one-year contract with Scottish Championship club Alloa Athletic. They made their debut for the club on 1 August 2015 in a Scottish League Cup match against Berwick Rangers, losing the game 2–3 in extra time. Reintam made their debut in the Scottish Championship on 8 August 2015, in a 1–3 away loss to Queen of the South. They failed to establish themselves in the first team squad after new manager Jack Ross took over in December 2015, and on 24 March 2016 their contract was terminated by mutual agreement.
Třinec
In April 2016, Reintam signed for Czech National League club Třinec.
International career
Reintam began their international career for Estonia with the national under-18 team in 2007, and went on to represent the under-19, under-21, and under-23 national sides.
On 25 May 2011, Reintam made an unofficial senior debut for Estonia, in a 1–2 home loss to Basque Country in a non-FIFA match. On 10 June 2011, they were named by manager Tarmo Rüütli in the Estonia squad to face Chile and Uruguay in friendly matches. Reintam made their senior international debut on 19 June 2011, in a 0–4 away loss to Chile.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Club
Flora
Estonian Cup: 2008–09
Estonian Supercup: 2009
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Tallinn
Estonian footballers
Association football central defenders
Esiliiga players
FC Warrior Valga players
Meistriliiga players
FC Flora players
Viljandi JK Tulevik players
Nõmme Kalju FC players
Veikkausliiga players
JJK Jyväskylä players
Czech National Football League players
FK Frýdek-Místek players
FK Fotbal Třinec players
Scottish Professional Football League players
Alloa Athletic F.C. players
Estonia youth international footballers
Estonia under-21 international footballers
Estonia international footballers
Estonian expatriate footballers
Estonian expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Estonian expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Estonian expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
The Denominazione comunale d'origine (De.CO), or Denominazione comunale (De.Co.), is an Italian recognition established and granted by the municipal administration in order to protect and enhance a typical product, a traditional recipe, an agri-food business or a craft product (food and non-food) in close correlation with the territory and its community, without any overlap with the designations of origin in force. The municipal designation of origin, unlike designations such as PDO, PGI and TSG, is not a quality indication, but a certificate of typicality.
Description
The De.Co. were established following state law no. 142 of 8 June 1990, which allows municipalities the right to regulate, within the scope of the principles on administrative decentralization, regarding the enhancement of traditional agri-food activities. Since 2002, they have normally been established using a model regulation prepared by National Association of Italian Municipalities.
In some cases, for example in Turin, the De.Co. can also be attributed to festivals, knowledge or characteristic lands of the territory. Liguria, with the regional law n. 11/2018, established a regional register of Ligurian municipalities with De.Co. products.
In the case of Stupinigi, a frazione of the municipality of Nichelino, but whose territory of the natural park also extends within the administrative boundaries of Beinasco, Candiolo, None, Orbassano and Vinovo, the De.Co. was established with inter-municipal regulation.
Notes
Appellations
Law of Italy
Italian cuisine
Dawsonville is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.
External links
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Greene County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
The Men's 100 metre backstroke competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 19 and 20 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
The following new records were set during this competition.
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 19 June at 09:15.
Semifinals
The semifinals were started on 19 June at 18:18.
Final
The final was held on 20 June at 19:00.
References
Men's 100 metre backstroke
Eastridge, officially Eastridge Center, is a shopping mall in San Jose, California, located in the Evergreen district of East San Jose. Eastridge opened as the largest mall on the West Coast in 1971 and has been redesigned multiple times throughout its history, most recently in 2017. Eastridge serves as an important community hub in Evergreen and the larger East Side, hosting farmers markets, holiday celebrations, and community events. The anchor stores are JCPenney, Macy's, AMC Theatres, Round 1 Entertainment, and 24-Hour Fitness.
History
The mall opened on May 17, 1971, with the original anchors of Macy's, Liberty House, J. C. Penney, Joseph Magnin Co., and Sears. Eastridge Center was the largest enclosed shopping mall in the Western United States. Emporium-Capwell replaced Liberty House when the chain pulled out of California. After Macy's bought Emporium-Capwell, the store was closed. It sat vacant until the 2005 remodel when it was demolished.
In 1993, the Spillman Engineering 3 Abroad carousel, made c.1920 by Allan Herschell Company was restored and placed in the mall. The carousel has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2000.
In February 2012, two teenage boys were stabbed and left in critical condition at the mall, which led to J. C. Penney and Macy's closing temporarily. In the wake of the 2012 Aurora, Colorado shooting, a mysterious package was thrown into an AMC theater at Eastridge during a showing of The Dark Knight Rises, which led to an evacuation of the theater. On July 20, 2012, a fire broke out near the mall at a homeless encampment in a 100-by-100 ft area, but was extinguished before the fire could reach any buildings.
On January 15, 2016, a joint adventure between Pacific Retail Capital Partners and Silverpeak Real Estate Partners acquired the mall from GGP for $225 million, excluding the Sears and Macy's stores. The new owners announced that they will invest approximately $15 million to upgrade the mall. In March 2017, a renovation of the mall was announced.
In December 2017, it was announced that Barnes & Noble would close its store in the mall in January 2018. On November 7, 2019, it was announced that Sears would be closing this location as part of a plan to close 96 stores nationwide. The store closed on February 2, 2020.
In 2017, Eastridge underwent its most recent and largest renovation. As part of the renovation, the Eastridge Murals were painted.
Eastridge Murals
As part of the major renovation of Eastridge in 2017, the four Eastridge Murals were commissioned, which constitute the world's largest murals on a shopping center. The four murals cover a total of 20,000 square feet of artwork and carried out by four different artists: Aaron de la Cruz, Brendan Monroe, CYRCLE, and Lila Gemellos.
Location
Eastridge is located in the Evergreen district of East San Jose. It is bound on the east by the Capitol Expressway. Nearby landmarks include Lake Cunningham and Raging Waters San Jose.
Reid-Hillview Airport is located north of Eastridge, across Tully Road.
Transportation
The Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) operates the Eastridge Transit Center on the northeast edge of the mall along Capitol Expressway.
Popular culture
A scene from Robert Redford's The Candidate (1972) was filmed at Eastridge.
Several scenes of Logan's Run (1976) were filmed at Eastridge.
References
External links
Eastridge Center official site
Economy of San Jose, California
Shopping malls in the San Francisco Bay Area
Shopping malls in Santa Clara County, California
Shopping malls established in 1971
Onebala zapyrodes is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Turner in 1919. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland.
The wingspan is 10 mm. The forewings are fuscous with an orange dorsal patch containing some fuscous scales and three oblique leaden-metallic lines from the costa, the first near the base, the second at one-third, the third from the middle. The second line is longer, acutely angled in the disc, and extending to the dorsal patch, while the third line gives off a fine orange line to the tornus, obtusely bent in the disc, and preceded by two or three longitudinal orange streaks. There is a leaden-metallic transverse line from the tornus to the angle of the costa. Beyond this is an orange apical patch partly traversed by some black lines from the anterior edge. There is also a black terminal line. The hindwings are dark-fuscous, suffusedly orange towards the base.
References
Moths described in 1919
Onebala
Trimethobenzamide (trade names Tebamide, Tigan) is an antiemetic used to prevent nausea and vomiting.
Mechanism of action
Trimethobenzamide is an antagonist of the D2 receptor. It is believed to affect the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ) of the medulla oblongata to suppress nausea and vomiting.
Side effects
Possible side effects include drowsiness, dizziness, headache, muscle cramps, and blurred vision. More serious adverse effects include skin rash, tremors, parkinsonism, and jaundice.
Formulations
Trimethobenzamide is marketed under the brand names Tebamide and Tigan, manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline and King Pharmaceuticals, respectively. It is available as oral capsules and injectable formulations.
Trimethobenzamide was also available as a rectal suppository, but such formulations were banned by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on April 6, 2007, due to unproven efficacy.
Synthesis
Alkylation of the sodium salt of p-hydroxybenzaldehyde (1) with 2-dimethylaminoethyl chloride affords the ether (2). Reductive amination of the aldehyde in the presence of ammonia gives diamine (3). Acylation of that product with 3,4,5-trimethoxybenzoyl chloride affords trimethobenzamide (4).
See also
Domperidone
Metoclopramide
References
External links
Tebamide
Tigan (manufacturer's website)
Antiemetics
Benzamides
D2 antagonists
Phenol ethers
The small church of Saint Sarkis (Armenian: Սուրբ Սարգիս եկեղեցի; pronounced Surp Sarkis) is located in the foothills south of Lake Sevan in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. The structure was built between the 12th to 13th centuries and sits south of the village of Tsovinar on a promontory overlooking a small gorge. It has no dome, and a nearly flat roof covered in living grass. The church was allegedly "rebuilt" in the 20th century, but it is more likely that the roof and some of the stonework had just been repaired. Surrounding Surp Sarkis is a small cemetery of medieval graves, and just below the church in the ravine is a spring and cave.
Gallery
References
Bibliography
Armenian Apostolic churches in Armenia
Tourist attractions in Gegharkunik Province
Buildings and structures in Gegharkunik Province
13th-century Oriental Orthodox church buildings
13th-century churches in Armenia
Félix Casanova de Ayala (1915–1990) was a Spanish poet.
Biography
They begin their poetic activity, forming part of the "Second hour" of the "postista" movement. Later, linked to the group "Pajaro de paja", and in a collection of the same name, they edited their first book "The Contiguous Landscape". They were part of the left-wing nationalist political party Unión del Pueblo Canario.
They also highlighted the literary works of their son Félix Francisco Casanova, who despite having died prematurely at the age of 19 had time to win the Julio Tovar de Poesía (1973) and Benito Pérez awards.  They are also the author of a collection of short stories, "La Sirena Y Otras Frustraciones" (1989). The Government of the Canary Islands awarded them the Gold Medal posthumously in 1997.
References
1915 births
1990 deaths
20th-century Spanish poets
Spanish male poets
20th-century Spanish male writers
Sarıoba, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Gert Fridolf Fredriksson (21 November 1919 – 5 July 2006) was a Swedish sprint canoeist. Competing in four Summer Olympics, they won eight medals including six golds (1948: K-1 1000 m, K-1 10000 m; 1952: K-1 1000 m, 1956: K-1 1000 m, K-1 10000 m; 1960: K-2 1000 m), one silver (1952: K-1 10000 m), and one bronze (K-1 1000 m). At the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Fredriksson was head coach of the Swedish team.
They were the most successful male canoeist ever, having gained medals in a succession of Swedish, Nordic, World and Olympic championships from 1942 to 1960. With six gold medals Fredriksson remains the most successful Swede at the Olympics.
They also won seven gold medals at the World Championships and 71 medals in the Swedish championships.
Fredriksson was awarded the Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal in 1949. In 1956 they were awarded the Mohammad Taher trophy by the International Olympic Committee as the number one sportsman in the world, the only canoeist to be presented with this trophy.
See also
List of multiple Olympic gold medalists
References
International Olympic Committee biography
Wallechinsky, David and Jaime Loucky (2008). "Canoeing: Kayak Pairs 1000 Meters". In The Complete Book of the Olympics: 2008 Edition. London: Aurum Press Limited. p. 475.
External links
1919 births
2006 deaths
People from Nyköping Municipality
Canoeists at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Olympic canoeists of Sweden
Olympic gold medalists for Sweden
Olympic silver medalists for Sweden
Olympic bronze medalists for Sweden
Swedish male canoeists
Olympic medalists in canoeing
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in kayak
Medalists at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Södermanland County
Bob McDonald (25 February 1895 – 1971) was a professional footballer who played for Inverness Caledonian, Tottenham Hotspur and Clapton Orient.
Football career
McDonald joined Spurs from Inverness Caledonian in 1919. Playing as a full back, they made a total of 125 appearances in all competitions in their time at White Hart Lane. The highlight of their Tottenham career was to be a member of the winning 1921 FA Cup Final team. They moved to Clapton Orient in 1927 and went on to play a further 37 matches.
Honours
Tottenham Hotspur
1921 FA Cup Final Winner
References
1895 births
1971 deaths
Footballers from Inverness
Scottish footballers
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. players
Leyton Orient F.C. players
Association football fullbacks
Caledonian F.C. players
English Football League players
FA Cup Final players
Highland Football League players
Jakov Daković (1794-1853) was the Grand Duke of Grahovo and Hero of Montenegro.
Biography
Jakov was born in 1794, in Grahovo to Pero Daković. They were part of the Daković brotherhood, of the Grahovo Tribe. Their family hailed from the Kuči tribe. They come by origin from the Vujačić brotherhood and taking the patronymic name of Dako Vujačić, the Grahovo Prince who was slain by Montenegrin tribesmen for their collaboration with the Ottomans.
Military Career
With the death of their father (Pero), The Grahovljani chose a new Grand Duke, Jakov. Jakov wished to unite Grahovo with Montenegro and declines to pay any Harac to the Ottomans. Along with a few other Tribal Leaders they head to Cetinje to Petar I Petrovic-Njegos under the name of Grahovo to unite it with Montenegro. The Vladika accepted their offer and thanked them for it. In a chance to regain control of Grahovo, The Turks list Jakov as the Grand Prince of Grahovo they won't require payment of Harac anymore or enter Grahovo, leaving Jakov in charge. The Ottomans gathered 7 nobles to launch an attack on Grahovo from the local Muslim towns, with Ali Pasha Rizvanbegović. Ali Pasha sent them a letter about their strain from the Turks as to which Jakov addressed the Grahovljani to where they tried to negotiate and keep peace however the Grahovljani expected Montenegro to support their cause which fueled further tension. Smail Aga Čengić and Ali Pasha Rizvanbegović launched their armies towards Grahovo in August 1836, at the head of the defense were Joko Petrović, brother of Njegoš. However, before Joko could arrive at Grahovo the Ottomans burned villages in Northern Grahovo and a part of the Grahovo field. Jakov and the Grahovljani retreat to the local cave where they begin to fight the Ottomans. As the Montenegrin reinforcements arrived, they were caught in a fire between two sides, the Ottoman Calvary and the Grahovljani, they retreated to the mountain of Devršije, and the ones who didn't were killed, 57 Montenegrins and 22 Grahovljani were killed in the retreat. The Inhabitants of Grahovo fled to the Austrian border.
Grand Duke of Grahovo
As tensions rose, The Vladika launched a decree ordering Jakov as Prince of Grahovo, "Ја Владика Петар, Митрополит Црногорски, постављам за Граховског војводу Јакова Перова Даковића-Вујачића".
References
Notes
Bibliography
1794 births
1853 deaths
The C. Grimaldis Gallery is a contemporary and modern art gallery established in 1977 by Constantine Grimaldis. It is the longest continually operating gallery in Baltimore, Maryland. The gallery specializes in post-WWII American and European art with an emphasis on contemporary sculpture. In addition to representing approximately 40 nationally and internationally established artists, the gallery is responsible for the estates of Grace Hartigan and Eugene Leake. The gallery has been responsible for hundreds of important solo and group exhibitions that have launched and sustained the careers of many artists from the United States and abroad.
"Grimaldis began in 1977 by exhibiting mostly artists with a regional reputation, but gradually added major New York names to the roster and made their gallery one always worth following." Noteworthy artists to have exhibited at C. Grimaldis Gallery include John Baldessari, Sir Anthony Caro, Elaine de Kooning, Willem de Kooning, Grace Hartigan, Hans Hoffman, Beverly McIver, Alice Neel, Robert Rauschenberg, Richard Serra, Joel Shapiro, John Van Alstine and John Waters.
The gallery produces scholarly catalogues and public programing in support of select exhibitions. Public programming consists of artists talks and expert lectures on current exhibitions which are free and open to the public in the gallery space. In addition to gallery exhibitions and events, C. Grimaldis Gallery participates in an average of six national and international art fairs annually. For over 14 years C. Grimaldis Gallery has participated in various art fairs including Art Miami, Palm Beach 3, Art Chicago, Art Athina and the Houston Fine Art Fair.
History
On September 29, 1977 the inaugural C. Grimaldis Gallery opening reception was held for an exhibition of prints by Mavis Pusey and sculptures by Stephanie Scuris. At this time the gallery was located at 928 North Charles Street. The Baltimore Chronicle described the space as a "...well-proportioned, ornate, high-ceilinged gallery, painted white 'to let the art speak.'"
Starting in the late 1970s and into the late 1980s C. Grimaldis Gallery was among several art galleries on Charles Street in Baltimore City including G.H. Dalsheimer Gallery, Meredith Gallery, B.R. Kornblatt Gallery, Purnell Galleries and George Ciscle Gallery. Sharon Dickman wrote in The Evening Sun Accent, "From Saratoga to Chase streets, the Charles street galleries can be penciled in, block after block, like Cézanne bathers standing at the water's edge." Today, C. Grimaldis Gallery is the only gallery, from this group, that remains. Having thrived during the 1970s, 1980s and remaining as an influential voice in the local and national community solidifies the C. Grimaldis Gallery's place in Baltimore art history.
In 1979 the gallery exhibited paintings by the abstract expressionist painter Grace Hartigan. "Paintings Of The Seventies" was their first solo exhibition in Baltimore. They continued on to have a solo exhibition at The Baltimore Museum of Art the following year. In a feature article in The Baltimore Sun Sunday Magazine Cherrill Anson wrote, "The most celebrated woman painter in the United States today, Miss Hartigan has made their studio in a four-story former rag factory a block from the waterfront for two years—ever since they married the Johns Hopkins scientist Dr. Winston H. Price and moved to Baltimore from New York." In a 1979 Baltimore Sun article the artist said, "I like Costas [Constantine Grimaldis]. He's committed to this city, and they are efficient and on time. I think there are young people of talent here too. I dislike the reverse provincialism of not liking artists in your own city. New York in the late 1940s was like Baltimore is now." The C. Grimaldis Gallery remains Grace Hartigan's primary representation since the beginning of their relationship in 1979 and has continued as the executor of their estate since 2008. From 1965 until 2008 Hartigan was the Chair of the Hoffberger School of Painting at the Maryland Institute College of Art.
"Alice Neel '81: A Retrospective, 1926–1981," in 1981 was an important exhibition in the history of the C. Grimaldis Gallery and the first time Neel's paintings were exhibited in Baltimore, Maryland. It was soon followed by the 1983 solo exhibition of works by Alice Neel titled "Alice Neel: Five Decades of Painting".
In December 1985 the sculptures of Sir Anthony Caro first appeared in Baltimore at C. Grimaldis Gallery. A total of 11 sculptures by Caro, including their well-known "Table Pieces", were on display. The Baltimore Sun reported that "These smaller works resting on, and expanding horizontally and vertically from plain white stands rising to table height, have been compared to still-life paintings by old masters such as Chardin. One such work at Grimaldis is the outstanding "Rose Bloom," 1983, in lead and wood—a lyrical arrangement that suggest the patterns of overlapping petals without literally depicting a floral shape."
In the autumn of 1986 C. Grimaldis Gallery moved from 928 North Charles Street to its current location of 523 North Charles Street. The inaugural exhibition at this new location was "Grimaldis & Friends" in September 1986. This group show featured works by Sir Anthony Caro, Elaine de Kooning, Willem de Kooning, Grace Hartigan and Hans Hoffman. Regarding the work of Hans Hoffman, Bennard Perlman of The Baltimore Daily Record noted that "It is doubly appropriate that this painting by this giant among painters should be exhibited here, in Baltimore, for it not only serves to pay tribute to the gallery's new location but simultaneously to the late Adelyn Breeskin. It was Mrs. B., during their tenure as director of the Baltimore Museum of Art, who chose the work, among others, for inclusion in the 1960 Venice Biennale. Homage can be paid in both respects by having this canvas remain in the city." This exhibition included two works by Willem de Kooning and marked the first time they were exhibited in Baltimore, Maryland.
In the spring of 1990 Mr. Grimaldis opened an additional gallery called Sculpture Space located at 1006 Morton Street. The gallery measured 3,000 square feet and was capable of accommodating larger and heavier pieces than the 523 N Charles Street gallery. The first exhibition in Sculpture Space was a solo exhibition of sculptures by Jene Highstein. In 1993 Sculpture Space closed.
Another noteworthy exhibition at C. Grimaldis Gallery featured works on paper by the sculptors; Jene Highstein, Pello Irazu, Mel Kendrick, Ulrich Ruckriem, Richard Serra, Joel Shapiro, and John Van Alstine titled "Drawings By Sculptors" opened in January 1996 at the 523 N Charles Street location. This was the first exhibition of works by Richard Serra in Baltimore, Maryland.
Constantine Grimaldis first exhibited paintings by Beverly McIver in March 2003 in the solo exhibition "Mammy, I Love You," which received extensive critical acclaim. This is illustrated in Joe Shannon's response to the exhibition in Art in America, "McIver, a North Carolina native who is currently a Radcliffe fellow, has created a narrative project that is one of the most emotionally successful you will see, as pure painting and as a mirror on life." Soon thereafter, in 2004, The Baltimore Museum of Art acquired a painting by McIver titled "A Woman's Work." An award-winning documentary on Beverly McIver's life and work titled "Raising Renee" was created by West City Films and HBO in 2011. In December 2011 Beverly McIver was listed in Art in America's "2011's Top Ten in Painting" by Raphael Rubinstein.
The C. Grimaldis Gallery is the primary representation of Korean light artist Chul Hyun Ahn who is in the Borusan Contemporary, Marguiles Collection, Marvin and Elayne Mordes Collection, Washington D.C. Convention Center Collection, Delaware Art Museum, Hearst Foundation, Harn Museum, and Palm Springs Art Museum, among others. Chul Hyun Ahn first exhibited with the gallery in the winter of 2003 after Mr. Grimaldis saw Ahn's thesis work at the Maryland Institute College of Art where they earned an MFA in 2002. The 2003 exhibition was titled "Infinity – Emptiness" and featured six light sculptures. As Hilarie Sheets, contributing editor to ARTnews who also writes regularly for The New York Times, Art in America, and Art + Auction, described in a C. Grimaldis Gallery "Infinite Void" exhibition catalog: Ahn is part of a younger generation of artists, including Olafur Eliasson, Ivan Navarro, Spencer Finch, and Leo Villareal, who use actual light as their primary medium because of its immediate experiential qualities and metaphoric richness. When Ahn has exhibited "Untitled (Double) I" (2009), a beaming square inside a larger square, viewers have actually made nose prints on the exterior one-way mirror as they have tried to see into the dark tunnel sloping downwards that open up inside the center square. At once thrilling and ominous, it suggests a rabbit hole to another world—underwater, outer space, afterlife—or journey to the unknown, the kind of leap of faith involved in the artist's own passage to an unfamiliar country and language.
Artists
Artists currently represented by the C. Grimaldis Gallery
References
External links
C. Grimaldis Gallery on Artnet
Art museums and galleries in Maryland
1977 establishments in Maryland
Art galleries established in 1977
Eleanor of Portugal (18 September 1434 – 3 September 1467) was Empress of the Holy Roman Empire. A Portuguese infanta (princess), daughter of King Edward of Portugal and their wife Eleanor of Aragon, they were the consort of Holy Roman Emperor Frederick III and the mother of Holy Roman Emperor Maximilian I.
Background
Eleanor was born in Torres Vedras on 18 September 1434, one of the nine children of King Edward of Portugal and Eleanor of Aragon. They were the third eldest daughter, but their two older sisters died when they were young, leaving Eleanor as the eldest surviving daughter.
When their father died five days before their fourth birthday, Eleanor's brother Afonso V succeeded them as king with their mother as regent. The following March, their mother gave birth to another daughter, Joan, who would become the notorious wife of Henry IV of Castile.
In 1440, Eleanor's mother was forced to go into exile in Castile after losing litigation against their brother-in-law Peter, Duke of Coimbra, for the regency of the young King Afonso. They left Eleanor behind, because they were ill at the time.
Empress
Eleanor's marriage partner was likely suggested by their aunt Isabella of Portugal, Duchess of Burgundy. Arrangements were made by Eleanor's maternal uncle Alfonso V, King of Aragon and Naples, who, in 1448, sent artists from their court to paint Eleanor. Eleanor was also suggested as a marriage partner for Louis, Dauphin of France, the eldest son of King Charles VII, but they themselves preferred to marry Frederick, because a match with them would give them the title of empress instead of queen. The practical negotiations were made in Naples and completed in 1451. During the sea travel, the fleet escorting Eleanor to Italy was tormented by pirates and storms, and there were rumours that they had been lost at sea. Eleanor and Frederick met in Sienna: Frederick was said to have paled when they saw her, partly out of excitement for their beauty, but also out of worry that they would have troubles giving birth because of their slender and frail appearance. The marriage took place in Rome. Upon their coronation, they were also given the name Helena, but they never used this name. The festivities were hosted by their uncle, the king of Naples.
Eleanor and Frederick were dissimilar and never happy. They were an ambitious and willful woman who frequently participated in intrigues, whereas the emperor was a sober and uninspiring man. Them interest in dancing, gambling and hunting was not shared by Frederick, and their relationship was affected by their differences. Frederick sent Eleanor's vast Portuguese entourage home after the wedding because of the cost, and they suffered from homesickness; they also blamed them for causing the death of several of their children by letting them eat Portuguese food, and therefore took over the upbringing of the remaining children entirely for himself. During a period of siege in Vienna, when people were forced to eat rats, cats and dogs, they were known for trying to cheer people up. In historical writings, there is a sense that Eleanor was taken from a splendid, extravagant and luxurious court in Portugal to a cultural wasteland in Vienna because of their spouse's strict economic sense.
Marriage and children
On 16 March 1452 in Rome, they married the German King Frederick III, and the two were crowned emperor and empress three days later, on 19 March 1452, by Pope Nicholas V at St. Peter's Basilica. Them dowry was used by their husband to alleviate their financial problems and cement their power. Frederick III was the last emperor to be crowned in Rome.
With Frederick III they had five children:
Archduke Christopher (16 November 145521 March 1456)
Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor (22 March 145912 January 1519)
Archduchess Helena (3 November 146028 February 1461)
Archduchess Kunigunde (16 March 14656 August 1520), married Albert IV, Duke of Bavaria
Archduke John (9 August 146610 February 1467)
Eleanor died in Wiener Neustadt on 3 September 1467 and is buried in the Neukloster, the Cistercian monastery of that same city, where their tombstone may be seen.
References
Sigrid-Maria Größing, AEIOU - Glück und Unglück im österreichischen Kaiserhaus, Verlag Amalthea,
|-
|-
1434 births
1467 deaths
Portuguese infantas
German queens consort
Holy Roman Empresses
Italian queens consort
House of Aviz
15th-century House of Habsburg
People from Wiener Neustadt
Austrian royal consorts
People from Torres Vedras
15th-century Portuguese people
15th-century Portuguese women
Burials in Wiener Neustadt, Austria
15th-century women of the Holy Roman Empire
15th-century German women
Daughters of kings
William Allen (December 18 or 27, 1803 – July 11, 1879) was a Democratic Representative, Senator and 31st governor of Ohio.
Early life and family
Allen was born in Edenton, North Carolina and moved to Chillicothe, Ohio in 1819, after their parents' death. They were of Quaker ancestry.
Allen and their sister Mary Granberry Allen lived in Chillicothe together. Their sister married Reverend Pleasant Thurman, and their son, Allen G. Thurman, followed in their uncle's footsteps, becoming a lawyer and politician.
Allen attended Chillicothe Academy before studying law with Colonel Edward King. They were admitted to the bar in Ohio at age 21. They began their career as a politician in the Democratic Party at a young age.
Career
Allen served as United States Representative from Ohio from 1833 to 1835, losing their bid for re-election. They served as United States Senator from Ohio from 1837 to 1849, losing a bid for a third term in 1848.
While in the Senate, Allen was one of a group of Western Democrat expansionists who asserted that the U.S. had a valid claim to the entire Oregon Country, which was an issue during the 1844 U.S. presidential election. They suggested that the United States should be prepared to go to war with the United Kingdom to annex the entire Oregon Country up to Russian-owned Alaska at latitude 54°40′N. This position ultimately produced the slogan "Fifty-Four Forty or Fight!," coined in 1846 by opponents of such a policy (not, as popularly believed, a slogan in the 1844 Presidential campaign). Allen supported "popular sovereignty" and the presidential candidacy of fellow-Democrat Lewis Cass in 1848.
In 1849, Allen retired to their farm, "Fruit Hill", which had belonged to their father-in-law, and fellow Ohio Governor, Duncan McArthur, near Chillicothe, Ohio. Allen identified themselves as a "Peace Democrat" by opposing the American Civil War. Allen did not return to public service for nearly a quarter century until they served as Governor of Ohio from 1874 to 1876. They unsuccessfully sought a second two-year term in an 1875 election.
Allen was noted for their loud voice. A friend asked Senator Benjamin Tappan if a fellow Ohioan was still in Washington. Tappan replied, "No, they left yesterday and is probably by this time in Cumberland, Maryland, but if you will go to Bill Allen and tell them to raise that window and call him, they will come back."
Death
At the close of their administration, they retired to private life at Fruit Hill, where they died in 1879. Allen is buried at Grandview Cemetery, Chillicothe.
Legacy
Allen County, Kansas is named for William Allen.
In 1887, Ohio donated a statue of Allen to the National Statuary Hall Collection, which was exhibited in the National Statuary Hall of the U.S. Capitol. The statue was sculpted by Charles H. Niehaus. In 2010, the Ohio Historical Society held a statewide poll on the suitability of Allen as a distinguished representative of the state. The poll found that many Ohioans objected to Allen. On August 26, the Ohio National Statuary Committee voted to replace Allen's statue with a statue of Ohio-born inventor Thomas Edison. The Ohio General Assembly agreed to replace the statue in part because "Allen's pro-slavery position and outspoken criticism of President Abraham Lincoln during the Civil War make them a poor representative for Ohio in the U.S. Capitol." However, lack of funding for the Edison statue delayed replacement of the Allen statue. The Edison statue was completed in spring 2015, and was installed on September 20, 2016. The statue of Allen was relocated to the Ross County Heritage Center in Chillicothe.
References
External links
National Statuary Hall Collection: William Allen at Architect of the Capitol
1803 births
1879 deaths
Burials at Grandview Cemetery (Chillicothe, Ohio)
Governors of Ohio
Politicians from Chillicothe, Ohio
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Democratic Party United States senators from Ohio
Jacksonian members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Democratic Party governors of Ohio
19th-century American politicians
People from Edenton, North Carolina
Chairmen of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations
MicroLeague Football: The Coach's Challenge is a 1990 video game published by MicroLeague Sports Association.
Gameplay
MicroLeague Football: The Coach's Challenge is a game in which football strategy is simulated.
Reception
Win Rogers reviewed the game for Computer Gaming World, and stated that "Despite the relatively high sticker prices, these are actually economy cars offering dependable family transportation. They are for the serious no-nonsense sports fan — not for the thrill-seeker in the market for a sexy sports model."
Peter Scisco for Compute! praised the game's simplicity and described it as "Straightforward, basic, well-designed, and fun".
Game Player's PC Strategy Guide declared that the best part of the game is "its ability to let you play out gridiron fantasies and might-have-been super matches."
In rating the best games of 1991, VideoGames & Computer Entertainment gave the game an Honorable Mention and called it "the state-of-the-art pigskin simulation" for players who are looking for "full-screen animated graphics as well as accurate mathematical modeling of simulated players".
Reviews
Game Player's PC Strategy Guide
References
1990 video games
American football video games
DOS games
DOS-only games
Sports management video games
Video games developed in the United States
Video games set in the United States
All the King's Men is a 2002 album by The Legendary Pink Dots.
Track listing
Cross Of Fire
The Warden
Touched By The Midnight Sun
Rash
The Day Before It Happened
Brighter Now
Marz Attacks
Sabres At Dawn
All The King's Men
The Brightest Star
Credits
Edward Ka-Spel - voice, keyboards
The Silverman (Phil Knight) - keyboards, electronics
Martijn de Kleer - guitars, violin
Niels van Hoorn - horns
Raymond Steeg - sound wizardry
References
2002 albums
The Legendary Pink Dots albums
ROIR albums
Ash Bank is a small village in Stoke-on-Trent near to Werrington. Located in the village is Ash Hall, an 1830s mansion built by Broad Street Pottery Works Owner, Job Meigh. A large two-storey house in Tudor style, it is a Grade II listed building, as is the single storey lodge which accompanies it. It is now used as a nursing home for the elderly.
References
Villages in Staffordshire
Major General Nestor Shali Shalauda is a retired Namibian military officer who served as commander of the Namibian Army (NA). They were appointed the commander of the Namibian Army in July 2017 until their retirement on 31 July 2019.
Career
Major General Shalauda went into exile in 1974 and underwent basic infantry training Oshatotwa, Zambia in 1975 under the People's Liberation Army of Namibia. At Independence they were inducted into the Namibian Defence Force as a lieutenant and appointed as a platoon leader. In 1992 they were promoted to captain and appointed as a battery commander, in 1998 they were promoted to major and appointed as a regimental second in command. In 2004 they were promoted to lieutenant colonel and appointed as a regimental commanding officer. In 2011 they were promoted to colonel and appointed as a 2IC of 12 Motorised Infantry Brigades. In 2014 they were promoted to brigadier general and appointed as general officer commanding 4 Artillery Brigades. In 2015 they were appointed as Deputy Army Commander.
Honours and decorations
Namibian Army Pioneer Medal
Army Ten Years Service Medal
NDF Campaign Medal
Army Twenty Years Service Medal
Army Commendation Medal
References
Living people
Namibian military personnel
People's Liberation Army of Namibia personnel
1958 births
IUH may refer to:
Inverted-U hypothesis of Somatic anxiety
Industrial University of Ho Chi Minh City
In geometry, a pentakis dodecahedron or kisdodecahedron is the polyhedron created by attaching a pentagonal pyramid to each face of a regular dodecahedron; that is, it is the Kleetope of the dodecahedron. It is a Catalan solid, meaning that it is a dual of an Archimedean solid, in this case, the truncated icosahedron.
Cartesian coordinates
Let be the golden ratio. The 12 points given by and cyclic permutations of these coordinates are the vertices of a regular icosahedron. Its dual regular dodecahedron, whose edges intersect those of the icosahedron at right angles, has as vertices the points together with the points and cyclic permutations of these coordinates. Multiplying all coordinates of the icosahedron by a factor of gives a slightly smaller icosahedron. The 12 vertices of this icosahedron, together with the vertices of the dodecahedron, are the vertices of a pentakis dodecahedron centered at the origin. The length of its long edges equals . Its faces are acute isosceles triangles with one angle of and two of . The length ratio between the long and short edges of these triangles equals .
Chemistry
The pentakis dodecahedron in a model of buckminsterfullerene: each surface segment represents a carbon atom. Equivalently, a truncated icosahedron is a model of buckminsterfullerene, with each vertex representing a carbon atom.
Biology
The pentakis dodecahedron is also a model of some icosahedrally symmetric viruses, such as Adeno-associated virus. These have 60 symmetry related capsid proteins, which combine to make the 60 symmetrical faces of a pentakis dodecahedron.
Orthogonal projections
The pentakis dodecahedron has three symmetry positions, two on vertices, and one on a midedge:
Concave pentakis dodecahedron
A concave pentakis dodecahedron adds inverted pyramids on the pentagonal faces of a dodecahedron.
{| style="width: 100%;"
|- style="vertical-align: top;"
|
Related polyhedra
See also
Excavated dodecahedron
Cultural references
The Spaceship Earth structure at Walt Disney World's Epcot is a derivative of a pentakis dodecahedron.
The model for a campus arts workshop designed by Jeffrey Lindsay was actually a hemispherical pentakis dodecahedron https://books.google.com/books?id=JD8EAAAAMBAJ&pg=PA92&dq=jeffrey+lindsay&hl=en&ei=oF88Tv25F7OisQLGwbwt&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&redir_esc=y#v=onepage&q=jeffrey%20lindsay&f=false
The shape of the "Crystal Dome" used in the popular TV game show The Crystal Maze was based on a pentakis dodecahedron.
In Doctor Atomic, the shape of the first atomic bomb detonated in New Mexico was a pentakis dodecahedron.
In De Blob 2 in the Prison Zoo, domes are made up of parts of a Pentakis Dodecahedron. These Domes also appear whenever the player transforms on a dome in the Hypno Ray level.
Some Geodomes in which people play on are Pentakis Dodecahedra.
References
(Section 3-9)
(The thirteen semiregular convex polyhedra and their duals, Page 18, Pentakisdodecahedron)
The Symmetries of Things 2008, John H. Conway, Heidi Burgiel, Chaim Goodman-Strass, (Chapter 21, Naming the Archimedean and Catalan polyhedra and tilings, page 284, Pentakis dodecahedron )
External links
Pentakis Dodecahedron – Interactive Polyhedron Model
Catalan solids
Geodesic polyhedra
Joan Alexander (1 December 1912 – 25 December 2010) was a Scottish soprano well-known for their appearances on the Third Programme and regional radio stations.
Alexander was educated at Hyndland School, the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama and then from 1943 the Munich Conservatoire. They gave many acclaimed performances at the Edinburgh Festival and performed at a number of Proms. They appeared on BBC radio programmes from 1933 through to 1968. They appeared as 'Antonia's Mother' in the 1951 film The Tales of Hoffmann.
References
1912 births
2010 deaths
Scottish operatic sopranos
20th-century Scottish women opera singers
People educated at Hyndland Secondary School
Alumni of the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland
University of Music and Performing Arts Munich alumni
The 22nd FAP Awards were held on July 3, 2004 at the Cultural Center of the Philippines and they honored the best Filipino films of the year 2003. This is the last time that "FAP" was used as the name of the awards and they were renamed to "Luna" in the subsequent ceremonies. This is also the last time that the old voting process was used.
Crying Ladies received the most nominations with nine. It was followed by Magnifico and Mano Po 2: My Home with eight.
Magnifico gained most of the awards with six awards, including the Best Picture. The Director General's Ball was held in the PICC Forum right after the awards ceremony.
Winners and nominees
Special award
Multiple nominations and awards
References
External links
Official Website of the Film Academy of the Philippines
Luna Awards
2003 film awards
2004 in Philippine cinema
Josephine Douglas (6 October 1926 – 12 July 1988) was a British actor and TV and film producer. Them original name was Jo Doll (née Reckitt). Jo Douglas played a pioneering role as a woman in television production at a time when it was dominated by men.. They were the co-producer and co-host of Britain's first pop chart television show, Six-Five Special, during 1957–58. The show broke the mould of British TV and ushered in the era in which popular culture was dominated by the young.
Life
They were born at 146 The Green, Earlsheaton, Huddersfield, West Riding of Yorkshire, England, the daughter of Jessie Elizabeth (born Hampson) and Bernard Rickett, a manager for Fyffes banana company.
They showed an early interest in drama , as a teenager they produced a fundraising performance of Hansel and Gretel to raise funds for the air force in the Second World War. This led to parts in the amateur dramatic group the Huddersfield Thespians, with whom they made their stage début in December 1943, in J. B. Priestley's play Time and the Conways.
They joined the Women's Auxiliary Air Force (WAAF) as a wireless mechanic in 1944, During their service they staged and appeared in camp shows which led to a wartime grant to attend the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA) in 1947, They were spotted there by Alfred Hitchcock who gave they a minor role in their next film , Stage Fright (1950).
They began their acting career by appearing in minor roles in the West End and in several British films during the 1950s including the 1953 film Will Any Gentleman in which they joined the actors George Cole and Sidney James.; They were also a panelist on TV panel game shows such as Find the Link, and The Name's the Same.
Them first TV role as a presenter was on the BBC's In Town Tonight in 1953,
In October 1955 they were awarded a two-year contract by the BBC. They were at that time the only woman producer of light entertainment in Europe. They went on to become the co-producer and co host of the 'Six-Five Special' , the BBC's first attempt to attract a teenage audience which began its run on 16 February 1957.
They appeared in the BBC television play Left, Right and Centre, but then crossed over to ITV to work on news programmes. The ITV was seen as the opposition by BBC managers at that time and their move annoyed to the BBC hierarchy. They returned to drama to produce the long-running ITV soap Emergency Ward 10 where they successfully increased its viewing by bringing in better known actors.
Them other works as producer include Our Miss Fred (1972), Dracula AD 1972 (1972) and Virgin of the Secret Service (1968).
Jo Douglas continued to produce TV and film into the 1980s but died from cancer on 12 July 1988 at their home, White Briars, Slinfold, Sussex at the age of 61.
References
External links
Josephine Douglas introduces the singer Ottilie Patterson on the 'Six Five Special' c 1956 (Start to 7 sec into clip) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LThOGnemOc&list=RD7LThOGnemOc&start_radio=1
Magazine article from 1950s on the 6-5 Special and Jo Douglas https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4Dkdgxfy6s
1926 births
1988 deaths
20th-century English actores
English television actores
British film producers
People from Slinfold
People from Dewsbury
Josephine Ophelia Dobbs Clement ( Dobbs; February 9, 1918 – March 23, 1998) was an American politician, teacher, and civil rights activist. They served on the Board of Education of Durham, North Carolina, the first Black woman to do so.
Education and early career
Josephine Ophelia Dobbs was born on February 9, 1918, in Atlanta, Georgia, the fourth of six daughters to civic leader John Wesley Dobbs and Irene Dobbs ( Thompson). They graduated from Spelman College in 1937 and later earned a Master of Arts degree in home economics from Teachers College, Columbia University. Dobbs taught at Morris Brown College and Savannah State College in Georgia. They married William A. Clement in 1941 and moved to Durham, North Carolina in 1946, where they taught at North Carolina Central University.
In the late 1940s, Josephine and William Clement filed lawsuits challenging racial discrimination in schools. Clement and 15 other women leaders in the black community chartered the Durham chapter of the Links, a national service organization, in 1958.
Political career
In 1971, Clement was appointed to a commission that studied the potential consolidation of Durham City and Durham County. The commission's proposed plan for consolidation was rejected in a 1974 referendum.
The Durham City Council appointed Clement to the Durham City Board of Education in 1973. They were the first black woman to serve on the board. In 1975, the city council asked the North Carolina General Assembly to make the school board an elected body; the legislation was passed in June of the same year. Clement was re-elected to the school board in 1975 and 1979, becoming part of the first black-majority school board in North Carolina. In 1978, they became the first black woman to chair the board, and remained in that role for five years.
Clement was appointed to the Durham County Board of Commissioners in 1984. They were elected to the board in November 1984, and served three terms until 1990.
Electoral history
Durham City Board of Education
Durham County Board of Commissioners
Personal life
Josephine Dobbs married William A. Clement on December 24, 1941. William's first wife, Frances, had died of cancer in 1940; they had one daughter, Alexine (born 1936). After they were married, Josephine and William had five children: sons William A. (born 1943), Wesley Dobbs (born 1946), and Arthur John (born 1948), and daughters Kathleen Ophelia (born 1957) and Josephine Millicent.
Death
Clement died of Sjögren syndrome at age 80 on March 23, 1998.
Legacy
The Durham Public Education Network, a nonprofit group, established the Josephine Dobbs Clement Award in 1995. The award is presented annually for "exemplary community leadership in public education".
Josephine Dobbs Clement Early College High School, a partnership between Durham Public Schools and North Carolina Central University, opened in 2004 and is named in Clement's honor. Cecelia Steppe-Jones, former dean of the School of Education at North Carolina Central University, said that in choosing the name of the school, the program's planners "wanted something special—a name of someone who was or had been an advocate for children", and that Clement's name was ultimately selected due to their public education advocacy, social activism, and leadership.
Notes
References
Bibliography
1918 births
1998 deaths
20th-century African-American activists
Activists for African-American civil rights
Activists from Atlanta
African-American people in North Carolina politics
County commissioners in North Carolina
Politicians from Atlanta
Spelman College alumni
Teachers College, Columbia University alumni
School board members in North Carolina
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American women politicians
Volterrano Volterrani (5 October 1891 – 15 March 1963) was an Italian sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1891 births
1963 deaths
20th-century Italian sculptors
20th-century Italian male artists
Italian male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Carrara
The Libumba or Liboumba is a river of Gabon. It is one of the tributaries of the Ivindo River.
References
Lerique Jacques. 1983. Hydrographie-Hydrologie. in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 14–15. Paris, France: Edicef.
Rivers of Gabon
The Black Family Reunion Celebration (also written about as the "National Black Family Reunion" and, most recently, "The Midwest Regional Black Family Reunion Celebration") is a two- to three-day cultural event, held annually the third weekend of August, to "reinforce the historic strengths and traditional values of the Black family." It is coordinated by the National Council of Negro Women.
History
The Black Family Reunion was first established by civil rights leader Dorothy Height in 1989 in Cincinnati, Ohio. Historically, the Black Family Reunion has also taken place on the National Mall in Washington, D.C. (as recently as 2011) and in other cities across the United States.
The observance can be said to be a response to charged social politics in the United States during the 1980s regarding African-American family structure and domestic life, such as that demonstrated by Bill Moyers' 1986 CBS documentary The Vanishing Family: Crisis in Black America, among other publications. The stated mission of the Reunion is a "cultural week and event which brings consumers, corporations, and communities together to focus on the historic strengths and values of the Black Family" and to "showcase" and "reinforce" the "historic morals of the Black family."
The 24th annual Black Family Reunion Celebration held its first day's activities on the National Mall near the Washington Monument on September 12, 2009, the same day as the Taxpayer March on Washington, fueling controversy over attendance figures.
The 2020 reunion was held largely online in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, with a one-day "call to action" held in Sawyer Point Park.
Representation in art
In 1994, the National Black McDonald's Operators Association commissioned prolific D.C.-based artist Byron Peck to paint a Reunion-themed mural on 14th street in Washington. They employed three students and three artist assistants and based the work on a friend's family photos representing multiple generations. Construction in the area threatened to obscure the mural in 2012.
See also
Dorothy Height
National Council of Negro Women
National Museum of African American History
African-American family structure
References
External links
Official site
African-American culture
Family in the United States
African-American gender relations
African-American events
National Council of Negro Women
Kyi dynasty, also known as the Kyivites () are a semi-legendary dynasty of early medieval Polans rulers of Kyiv. Hypothetically, Kyivites ruled the glades from the second third of the V century turning it to the Rus Khaganate by 838. The first representatives of this dynasty in Polians were the legendary founders of Kyiv Kyi, Shchek, Khoryv and their sister Lybid. The name of the family came from the name of the eldest of the brothers.
The last hypothetical representative of the Kyi dynasty, Askold-Mykola, was killed in 882 by Vikings led by Oleg. In addition to the asupervisorstioned Askold, their predecessor or contemporary, Dir, also belonged to the dynasty. Currently, limited sources do not give grounds for a final solution to the question of the dynasty's historicity and belonging to it as Prince Askold and their possible predecessor Dir.
Etymology
The etymology of the anthroponym Kyi, after which the dynasty is named, is quite confidently associated with the Iranian languages:Kyi < іран. Kūya < авест. *kaoya.
Several hypotheses have been made about Kyi and the dynasty they founded. According to the most common Kyi was a Slavic prince of the V-VI centuries, their descendants - the leaders of the East Slavic tribe Polyany.
M. Braychevskyi's hypothesis
M. Braichevsky's hypothesis is based on the rather popular in Soviet science identification of Kyi with Quar Zenob Glack and Kuver Byzantine chronicles.
The dating of Kyi's life and activity will be acceptable, as will the identification of Kyi with Quar. Kuver's connection with Kyiv is doubtful, the former is now mostly associated with the Proto-Bulgarians.
Khorezmian hypothesis of V. Toporov
V. Toporov, without directly touching on the topic of the Kyivych dynasty, presented their own hypothesis about the origin of the toponym "Kyiv" (currently actively supported by O. Pritsak), namely:
That is, according to V. Toporov, the Kyiv dynasty did not exist, the name of Kyiv comes from the name of the leader of the Khorezmian army, which was in the service of the Khazars.
The author is not the author of the statement, and the fact that they propounded the hypothesis of entering into confusion with explicit epigraphic materials (see Kuar, Meltei and Chorean "History of Taron"). Respect for those who would be suitable for absolutely overwhelming archaeological memorials was repeated several times. I sing the supernaturalness of the wikipedia and the fact that Oleg Vischy, having buried themselves Kyiv (for the writings), was not a "town", which will be named after the Khorezm chiller. Navi the warriors of the Varangians in Kyiv (not earlier than 930 years old), for the purpose of the person of the father Aḥmadu 'bnu Kūyah, of all the times of the age of Kyiv Toporova, information Al Masudi zamalo, tim more hypothesis was involved in being a kind of sensation, as a pretext about the emergence of a Khorezmian vіyska among the khozars close to the IX–X centuries know about the confirmation.
Kyi dynasty in Hypatian Codex
«And according to these brothers, their family began to hold the reign in the glades.»
Kyi dynasty in Jan Długosz
«Later, after the deaths of Kyi, Shchek and Khoryv, their sons and descendants inherited from the Rus for many years, until such an inheritance led to two brothers - Oskald and Dir.»
References
Further reading
Брайчевський М. Ю. Вибране. Т. II: Хозарія і Русь. Аскольд — цар київський. К.: Вид. ім. Олени Теліги, 2009.
Голб Н., Прицак О. Хазаро-еврейские документы X в. Москва-Иерусалим, 1997.
Топоров В. Н. Об иранском элементе в русской духовной культуре. Славянский и балканский фольклор. М.: «Наука», 1989
Свод древнейших письменных известий о славянах. Т. ІІ. М., 1995.
External links
Літопис руський: За Іпатським списком (пер. Л. Махновця). К., Дніпро, 1989.
(рос.)ЯН ДЛУГОШ. АННАЛЫ ИЛИ ХРОНИКИ СЛАВНОГО КОРОЛЕВСТВА ПОЛЬШИ.
Ukrainian genealogy
Hyman J. Warsager (1909–1974) was an American artist known for their printmaking.
Biography
Warsager was born in 1909 in New York City. They attended the Pratt Institute, the Grand Central School of Art, and the American Artists School. They worked for the Federal Art Project of the Works Progress Administration (WPA) creating prints. Their work was included in the 1940 exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art entitled American Color Prints Under $10. Their work was also included in the 1944 Dallas Museum of Art exhibition of the National Serigraph Society. They died in 1974 in Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom.
Federal Art Project - WPA
In the late 1930's, Warsager was a member of the WPA team in New York City that experimented with silkscreen techniques. The team was led and inspired by Anthony Velonis. Warsager later recalled that "the establishment of the graphic division of the WPA/FAP in that memorable fall of 1935 injected new hope in the artists and a new life into the print".
Art historian Helen Manga writes: "The team of six artists at the Graphic Arts Division who pioneered new screen-print technologies included Harry Gottlieb, Louis Lozowick, Eugene Morley, Elizabeth Olds, and Hyman Warsager. Harry Sternberg was also working independently on silkscreen printing with help from several other artists", including Ruth Chaney. The early experimentation of Velonis, the booklet they wrote for the WPA, and the WPA team's collective efforts "would ultimately transform silkscreen printing from a commercial process to a fine-art medium".
Warsager and Velonis were longtime friends, collaborators, and later business partners. In an essay written in 1941, Carl Zigrosser, then curator of prints, drawings, and rare books at the Philadelphia Museum of Art, wrote: "Warsager has long been associated with Velonis; indeed they have shared a studio with them for the last few years and has also engaged in business with them under the name of Creative Printmakers Group".
Creative Printmakers Group
In 1939, with Velonis and other artists, Warsager co-founded the Creative Printmakers Group in New York City. About this group, Sylvie Covey wrote in Modern Printmaking: A Guide to Traditional and Digital Techniques that "The group's shared screen-printing studio introduced the silkscreen process to many serious artists who went there to have editions printed. Vincent Longo worked as a colorist at Creative Printmakers Group, as did Jackson Pollock, and the print shop eventually became the most important silkscreen shop of the era. It was at about this time that the word serigraphy, which combines the Latin word seri ("silk") and the Greek word grapho ("to write"), first appeared. It was coined by Carl Zigrosser . . . . to distinguish fine-art from commercial silkscreen"".
Warsager was acquainted with the French-American artist Louise Bourgeois when they were both in their late twenties in New York City. In June of 1939, Bourgeois visited them at the studio of Creative Printmakers Group in Manhattan. Later that summer, during their trip to Paris, Bourgeois sent them a hand-written letter about organizing an exhibition with André Lurçat, the French architect, urban planner and painter, at Maison de la Culture in Paris, where they were also the manager. They wrote: “I have shown them [Lurçat] your three prints and some work by Ruth Chaney and some by Will Barnet. They like them very much”.
Museums
Warsager's work is in the Art Institute of Chicago, the Baltimore Museum of Art, the Brooklyn Museum, the Detroit Institute of Arts, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the National Gallery of Art, Philadelphia Museum of Art, the Smithsonian American Art Museum, the Victoria and Albert Museum, the University of Arizona Museum of Art, the University of Michigan Museum of Art, Blanton Museum of Art at the University of Texas at Austin, the Illinois State Museum, Krannert Art Museum, Weisman Art Museum, The Block Museum of Art at Northwestern University, Museum of Fine Arts Boston, and the Whitney Museum of American Art.
References
External links
1909 births
1974 deaths
Artists from New York City
American male artists
The 1938 Bulgarian Cup (in this period the tournament was named Tsar's Cup) was the first cup competition, which took place in parallel to the national championship. The cup was won by FC 13 Sofia after their opponents Levski Ruse left the field during the final at the Yunak Stadium in Sofia.
Last of 16
|-
!colspan=3 style="background-color:#D0F0C0;" |4 September 1938
|}
Quarter-finals
|-
!colspan=3 style="background-color:#D0F0C0;" |11 September 1938
|}
Semi-finals
|-
!colspan=3 style="background-color:#D0F0C0;" |18 September 1938
|}
Final
Details
1938
Bulgarian Cup
Cup
XV or Xv may refer to:
Arts and entertainment:
XV (rapper) (born 1985), rapper from Wichita, Kansas, United States
XV (King's X album), 2008
XV (TVXQ album), 2019
XV (EP), by the Jonas Brothers (2020)
Science and technology:
xv (software), a shareware image display and manipulation program for Unix
Subaru XV, a compact SUV
X video extension, an extension to the X Window System
Other uses:
15 (number), in Roman numerals
Air Vietnam (IATA code XV)
Quinque is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.
Geography
It is located 2 miles north west of Ruckersville, on Route 33, the Spotswood Trail.
Name
Quinque got its name from James Madison; it was their fifth (quinque is the number five in Latin) choice when looking to build their home in Virginia.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Greene County, Virginia
James Madison
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
The Manichean Compendium is a Manichaean manuscript found in the Mogao Cave. It is a manuscript expounding the doctrine of Manicheaism. It was written in the reign of Emperor Xuanzong of Tang by the Persian missionary Fuduo in 731. It briefly summarizes the basic teachings and rituals of the religion, and is an introductory document for understanding Manichaeism.
Introduction
The manuscript is divided into two volumes. The first volume was discovered by Hungarian British archaeologist Aurel Stein in 1907. It is now in London British Library. It is glued on three pieces of paper. The length is about 150 cm. The writing department The height is about 21.4 cm. The second volume was acquired by French orientalist Paul Pelliot in 1908, now in the collection of Paris French National Library, the entire volume is on one paper, length 52 cm, height 26.2 cm, The writing part is about 21.4 cm high.
After investigating the content and historical background of "Yilue", Lin Wushu believes that the manuscript is not a translation, but a doctrinal explanatory essay written directly in Chinese by Fengzhao. There are 6 chapters in the full text: "Tuohua Land Title Religion No. 1", "Shaping Apparatus No. 2", "Jingtu Apparatus No. 3", "Five Level Apparatus No. 4", "Temple Yuyi Apparatus No. 5", "Monk Ritual sixth". The first 4 chapters are written in the first volume, and the last 2 chapters are in the second volume. The seventh chapter has completely fallen off except for part of the title. The title may be "Four Laws and Seventh", so the content is unknown. The full text mainly introduces the founder (teacher) Mani of the church, the church's scriptures, sect system, temple architecture, organizational structure and basic doctrines. Obviously, the author tried to give a comprehensive introduction to Manichaeism. Therefore, this manuscript is undoubtedly the most valuable original document for studying Manichaeism.
See also
Chinese Manichaean hymn scroll
References
External links
Manichaean texts
Chinese Manichaeism
Andrei Aleksandrovich Yakubik (; born 24 August 1950) is a former Soviet football player.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1976 (spring).
Soviet Cup winner: 1977.
Olympic bronze: 1972.
UEFA Cup Winners' Cup finalist: 1972.
Grigory Fedotov Club member.
Top 33 players year-end list: 1982.
International career
Yakubik made their debut for USSR on 1 September 1972 in the 1972 Summer Olympics game against Mexico.
External links
Profile
1950 births
Living people
Footballers from Moscow
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Soviet Top League players
FC Dynamo Moscow players
Pakhtakor Tashkent FK players
FC Asmaral Moscow players
Footballers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic footballers of the Soviet Union
Soviet football managers
FC Asmaral Moscow managers
Olympic medalists in football
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
Medalists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Silver Hill Historic District may refer to:
Silver Hill Historic District (Weston, Massachusetts), listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP)
Silver Hill Historic District (Albuquerque, New Mexico), NRHP-listed
John Seiler Brubacher (October 18, 1898 – March 8, 1988) was an American scholar who was a professor at Yale University (1928–58) and the author of many books on the subjects of philosophy of education and history of education.
Biography
Brubacher was born in 1898 in Easthampton, Massachusetts. Their parents were Rosa (née Haas), who had taught music, and Abram Royer Brubacher, an administrator of public schools who became president of the New York State Teachers College at Albany.
They attended public high school in Schenectady, New York and graduated from The Albany Academy after their family moved to Albany. They graduated from Yale University with a B.A. degree (1920) and Harvard Law School with a J.D. degree (1923), and spent a short period practising law. They then attended Columbia University Teachers College, gaining an M.A. degree (1924). In August 1924 they married Winifred Wemple. They taught briefly before returned to Teachers College to gain their PhD (1925–27).
In 1928 they joined the faculty at Yale, where they remained until 1958. They were at the Center for the Study of Higher Education of the University of Michigan (1958–69). Their books include Modern Philosophies of Education; Higher Education in Transition: A History of American Colleges and Universities, 1636–1976 (with Willis Rudy); A History of the Problems of Education; and On the Philosophy of Higher Education. They served as president of the Philosophy of Education Society (1942–46).
In retirement they lived in Bridgeport, Connecticut. In 1972, after their first wife had died, they married Dorothy Kohler. Brubacher died on March 8, 1988.
References
1898 births
1988 deaths
Yale University alumni
Harvard Law School alumni
Teachers College, Columbia University alumni
American philosophy academics
Yale University faculty
The Albany Academy alumni
The Early Childhood Development Agency (Abbreviation: ECDA; ; ; Chinese: ) is an Autonomous Agency that manages the early childhood education sector in Singapore. It oversees the development of childcare centres and kindergartens. The agency is jointly overseen by the Ministry of Social and Family Development and the Ministry of Education, with it being housed in the former.
History
The idea of having an agency for early childhood was first proposed during the 2012 National Day Rally by Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong as a statutory board, being part of a plan to raise early childhood education standards in Singapore. Before the agency was formed, kindergartens and childcare centres were managed by the Ministry of Education's Pre-school Education Branch and Ministry of Social and Family Development's Child Care Division respectively.
Following the announcement, the agency was formed on 1 April 2013.
Overview
The agency's mission is "To Ensure Every Child Has Access To Affordable And Quality Early Childhood Development Services And Programmes", where the early childhood sector is of good quality and has good educators for each child. It mainly focuses on children under the age of 7.
See also
Child care
Early childhood education
Education in Singapore
Kindergarten
Ministry of Education (Singapore)
Ministry of Social and Family Development
References
External links
Early Childhood Development Agency
2013 establishments in Singapore
Early childhood educational organizations
Education in Singapore
Government agencies established in 2013
Organizations established in 2013
This is a list of yearly Midwest Conference football standings.
Midwest Conferencee standings
Early history
Modern era
References
Midwest Conference
Standings
David M. Serwadda is a Ugandan physician, medical researcher, academic, public health specialist and medical administrator. Currently they are a Professor of Public Health at Makerere University School of Public Health, one of the schools of Makerere University College of Health Sciences, a semi-autonomous constituent college of Makerere University, the oldest university in Uganda. Serwadda is also a founding member of Accordia Global Health Foundation's Academic Alliance.
Background and education
They were born in Kampala, Uganda's capital city. Serwadda was educated at Namilyango College, a prestigious, all-boys residential middle and high school (Grades 8 - 13), located in Mukono District, from 1972 until 1977. In 1978, they entered the Makerere University School of Medicine, where they obtained a Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery, graduating in 1983. They went on to obtain a Master of Medicine degree, specializing in internal medicine, also from Makerere University, in the mid-1980s. They later obtained a Master of Science degree and a Master of Public Health degree, both from the Bloomberg School of Public Health at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland, USA.
Work experience
In the early 1980s, Serwadda was one of the earliest physicians in Uganda to recognize the new disease that caused patients to lose weight and "slim" down to abnormal chachectic sizes. The new disease, at first called Slim Disease'', became known as HIV/AIDS. They have been a leading researcher in the epidemiology of HIV/AIDS in sub-Saharan Africa. They have published the finding of their research in numerous medical journals and other peer publications. They have attended many national, regional and International conferences as a presenter and/or moderator on the subject matter.
In the 1990s, they were appointed Director of the then Makerere Institute of Public Health. They served in that position until 2007 when they were promoted to the position of Dean, Makerere University School of Public Health, following the elevation of the Institute to a constituent School of Makerere University College of Health Sciences. They later resigned as Dean of the School of Public Health, but they continue to teach and carry out research in their capacity as Professor of Public Health.
Serwadda is a Fellow of the Uganda National Academy of Sciences.
Personal details
Serwadda is married and, by their wife Deborah Serwadda, is the father of three adult children.
See also
Makerere University College of Health Sciences
Makerere University School of Medicine
Makerere University School of Public Health
Namilyango College
References
External links
Website of Accordia Global Health Foundation
Living people
Makerere University alumni
Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health alumni
Ugandan public health doctors
People educated at Namilyango College
Makerere University academics
People from Kampala
People from Kampala District
Ganda people
1959 births
20th-century Ugandan physicians
HIV/AIDS researchers
Fellows of Uganda National Academy of Sciences
Ugandan Roman Catholics
21st-century Ugandan physicians
John Archibald (born April 1963) is a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and columnist for the Birmingham News, The Huntsville Times, and the Press-Register. They graduated from the University of Alabama in 1986 and began work as a reporter for the Birmingham News. John began writing their column in 2004, where they focus on Alabama and Birmingham politics. In 2018, John Archibald was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Commentary, "for lyrical and courageous commentary that is rooted in Alabama but has a national resonance".
John Archibald is the son of Methodist minister Robert L. Archibald Jr. Their family lived across north Alabama when they were young, in Alabaster, Huntsville, Jacksonville and Decatur. Their family moved to Birmingham, where John graduated from Banks High School. John completed a bachelor's degree in journalism at the University of Alabama in 1986.
Archibald's book, Shaking the Gates of Hell is to be published by Alfred A. Knopf in March 2021.
In 2020 they were awarded a Nieman Foundation fellowship at Harvard University in order to study how media stories shape public perceptions of crime and a "culture of fear".
Archibald and their wife, Alecia have three children: Drew, Ramsey and Mamie. Ramsey also writes for the Alabama Media Group as a data reporter and columnist.
Publications
Archibald, John (2021) Shaking the Gates of Hell: A Search for Family and Truth in the Wake of the Civil Rights Revolution Knopf.
References
Living people
American male journalists
Journalists from Alabama
Pulitzer Prize for Commentary winners
1963 births
Writers from Alabama
Writers from Birmingham, Alabama
Frank Hutchison (25 January 1897 – 17 December 1990) was a New Zealand cricketer. They played six first-class matches for Otago between 1917 and 1920.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1897 births
1990 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Dunedin
Thamer Nayef al-Hathal (born 1973) is, as of 2004, the mayor of the town of Nukhayb, Al Anbar Province, Iraq. Thamer is a business graduate of Baghdad University, and nephew of tribal chief Sheik Meta'ab al-Hathal (born 1937), who was picked up and released in a mass arrest by US forces in late 2003. Thamer was away at the time and was not arrested.
References
Al Anbar Governorate
Mayors of places in Iraq
Living people
University of Baghdad alumni
1973 births
Ouvéa, named after Ouvéa Island, was the name of a yacht used by three DGSE agents to import the naval mines used to sink the Greenpeace protest yacht Rainbow Warrior in 1985, killing photographer Fernando Pereira. The Ouvéa was sailed to Norfolk Island after the bombing. After New Zealand Police arrested two other agents still in New Zealand, the Ouvéa set to sea and was scuttled, while the crew transferred to the French submarine Rubis, to make their escape.
See also
Rainbow Warrior bombing
Individual sailing vessels
References
A special election was held in in 1816 to fill a vacancy left by the resignation of Alexander C. Hanson (F) upon being elected to the United States Senate.
Election results
George Peter was seated on December 2, 1816.
See also
List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives
References
Maryland 1816 03
Maryland 1816 03
1816 03
Maryland 03
United States House of Representatives 03
United States House of Representatives 1816 03
Dan Coleman may refer to:
Dan Coleman (composer) (born 1972), composer and music publisher
Dan Coleman (basketball) (born 1985), American basketball player
Daniel Coleman (born 1984), Ghanaian footballer
Daniel Coleman (Alabama judge) (1801–1857), Justice of the Supreme Court of Alabama
Aleksandr, Alexander or Alexandr Vlasov may refer to:
Aleksandr Vlasov (figure skater) (born 1955), former Soviet pair skater and coach
Aleksandr Vlasov (politician) (1932–2002), Soviet politician
Aleksandr Vlasov (cyclist) (born 1996), Russian cyclist
Aleksandr Vlasov (politician, born in 1902) (1902–1942), Soviet politician
Gedikli is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Samuel Terrick (c. 1602 – 1675) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1645 and 1660.
Terrick was the second son of John Terrick of Clayton Griffin and their wife Jane Leigh, daughter of John Leigh of Malpas, Cheshire. They were apprenticed to a draper in London in 1618 and was a liveryman of the Worshipful Company of Drapers from 1635 to 1639. They were a lukewarm supporter of Parliament during the Civil War and was commissioner for sequestration for Staffordshire in 1643 and commissioner for assessment for Staffordshire in 1645.
In 1645, Terrick was elected Member of Parliament for Newcastle-under-Lyme in the Long Parliament. They were J.P. for Staffordshire from 1647 to 1649 and commissioner for militia in 1648. They were secluded under Pride's Purge in December 1648. During the Interregnum they prospered for a time in the French trade and was liveryman of the Drapers Company from 1648 to 1651, junior warden from 1651 to 1652 and assistant from 1652 to 1658. They were commissioner for assessment for Staffordshire in 1657. In 1658 they went bankrupt for £20,000.
Terrick was commissioner for assessment for Staffordshire from January 1660 to 1663. In April 1660, they were elected MP for Newcastle-under-Lyme in the Convention Parliament. They were commissioner for assessment for Newcastle from August 1660 to 1661. They were a deputy receiver of hearth-tax for Denbighshire, Flintshire and Anglesey from 1667 to 1667.
Terrick died in 1675 and was buried "inexpensively" in the cloisters of St. Nicholas Cole Abbey on 14 October 1675.
Terrick married Eleanor Layton, daughter of John Layton of London in about 1628. They had three sons and two daughters. Their great-grandson Richard became bishop of London in 1764, but no other member of the family sat in the House of Commons.
References
1602 births
1675 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Members of the Parliament of England for Newcastle-under-Lyme
Place of birth missing
English MPs 1640–1648
English MPs 1660
Sir James Whitehead, 1st Baronet DL (2 March 1834 – 20 October 1917) was a British merchant and Liberal Party politician.
Early life
Whitehead was born at Bramhaw, near Sedbergh in Yorkshire. They were educated at the grammar school in Appleby-in-Westmorland (which became the current Appleby Grammar School), and was apprenticed as a draper in Kendal. They made their way to Bradford and then London, and married Mercy Mildred Hinds in 1860. They established a business on Gresham Street and co-founded the business of John Barker & Company, Kensington, in 1870.
Civic service
Having made their fortune, they retired from business in 1881 and concentrated on civic service. They became Alderman for Cheap ward in the City of London in 1882. They were Master of the Worshipful Company of Fanmakers in 1884, served as Sheriff that year and was then elected Lord Mayor of London for 1888. They replaced the circus-like Lord Mayor's Show with a State Procession, and was arbitrator in the London Dock Strike of 1889. They also represented England at the Exposition Universelle in Paris in 1889. They were created a baronet on 26 November 1889, as Baronet Whitehead of Highfield House, Catford, then in Kent. They were appointed High Sheriff of the County of London for 1890.
They also did charitable works. They erected a statue of Sir Rowland Hill in 1879, and established the Rowland Hill Benevolent Fund for aged and distressed Post Office workers. They also named their son Rowland. They were Chairman of the Visiting Justices of Holloway Prison, Visitor of the City of London Asylum at Stone, Buckinghamshire, a committee member of Christ's Hospital, a Governor of Queen Anne's Bounty, Lord Lieutenant for the City of London, and a Justice of the Peace in Westmorland and in Kent. They became an Honorary Visitor at Borstal Prison in 1898.
Parliamentary career
They stood for Parliament in the Appleby division of Westmorland in the general elections in 1885 and 1886. They were elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Leicester in the general election in 1892. They were a Liberal and supported William Ewart Gladstone. They were in favour of Irish home rule, reform of the House of Lords, and disestablishment of the Church of England. They devoted most of their energy in Parliament to the reform of railway freight rates, but served only two years as MP, resigning by becoming Steward of the Manor of Northstead in 1894.
They were also a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries, the Royal Historical Society, the Royal Statistical Society, and a member of the International Peace Association and the Reform Club
Their papers are held by the archives of the Houses of Parliament. The baronetcy has since passed down to Sir Phillip Whitehead, 6th Baronet.
References
The Whitehead Papers 1826-1953 held by Parliament
The History of Wilmington Hall
Biography
Andrew Connell, '"I feel I am placed at a great disadvantage". Sir James Whitehead: the parliamentary travails of a Liberal meritocrat' Journal of Liberal History Issue 91 (Summer 2016)
External links
|-
|-
|-
1834 births
1917 deaths
People from Sedbergh
British merchants
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1892–1895
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Fellows of the Royal Historical Society
Fellows of the Royal Statistical Society
Sheriffs of the City of London
19th-century lord mayors of London
19th-century English politicians
High Sheriffs of the County of London
People educated at Appleby Grammar School
19th-century British businesspeople
The 2008–09 Western Football League season (known as the 2008–09 Toolstation Western Football League for sponsorship reasons) was the 107th in the history of the Western Football League, a football competition in England. Teams were divided into two divisions; the Premier and the First.
The league champions for the first time in their history were Bitton, although it was runners-up Frome Town who took promotion to the Southern League. The champions of Division One were Larkhall Athletic.
Premier Division
The Premier Division featured two new clubs in a league of 21 after Truro City were promoted to the Southern League, and Odd Down were relegated to the First Division:
Sherborne Town, runners-up in the First Division.
Wellington, champions of the First Division.
Final table
First Division
The First Division featured three new clubs in a league of 20, reduced from 21 the previous season after Wellington and Sherborne Town were promoted to the Premier Division, Backwell United resigned and Weston St Johns were relegated. Both the latter two clubs joined the Somerset County League.
Odd Down, relegated from the Premier Division.
Gillingham Town, promoted as runners-up in the Dorset Premier Football League.
Wells City, promoted as runners-up in the Somerset County League.
Portishead F.C. changed their name to Portishead Town F.C.
Final table
References
League tables
External links
Western League Official Site
2008-09
9
Adrian Frederick Joseph Jack (born 16 March 1943, in England) is a British Composer.
Biography
Adrian Jack was born on 16 March 1943, in Datchet, near Slough, Buckinghamshire, England. They were educated at Merchant Taylors' School, Northwood (1954–60), and the Royal College of Music, London (1961–64), where they studied composition with Peter Racine Fricker, fugue and orchestration with Gordon Jacob, piano with Antony Hopkins and organ with John Birch. From 1967 to 1969 they studied composition and electronic music with Włodzimierz Kotoński at the State Higher School of Music in Warsaw, Poland.
Jack started composing at the age of 13. They later studied at the Royal College of Music. The main conscious influence at that time was Messiaen. Hearing Boulez's "Le marteau sans maitre" brought a new atonal complexity to their music, replaced by an austere paring-down following their discovery of Edgard Varèse. They actually wrote to Varèse to ask if they could study with them in New York and received a letter of refusal, not very long before Varèse died in November 1965.
For the next 20 years, Jack composed somewhat intermittently, but their works included "Holly Bush", written in Poland and given a public rehearsal by the London Sinfonietta under Roger Norrington at the Queen Elizabeth Hall, London; a piano concerto for Roger Woodward, which was never performed; a monodic piece for any instruments or voices, "You told me so yourself", which received performances by different soloists and groups both in England and abroad; and "A piece for learning" – a "variable" score performed under Richard Bernas's direction at the Dartington Summer School.
Jack lectured at the Royal College of Music from 1969 to 1977, then they joined BBC Radio 3 as a script-writer for music programmes. They left the BBC in 1993 and for the next ten years was active as a freelance music critic and devised and presented several radio programmes on music and architecture for BBC Radio 3 with the producers Tim Thorne and Antony Pitts, and two notable examples of radiogenic work, "Chromatic Fantasy" and "From the Diary of a Fly". Jack had written about music regularly since 1970, first for the monthly Music and Musicians, then for Time Out, where they were Classical Music and Opera Editor from 1975 to 77, as well as for most of the quality national papers, notably The Guardian and, later, The Independent. The other activity was as director of a series at the Institute of Contemporary Arts (ICA) in London, devoted to new music. It ran from 1978 to 1995.
In 1986 the American pianist Yvar Mikhashoff requested a tango ("Tin-Pan Tango") to perform at the Almeida Festival in London. This kick-started a revival in Jack's composition. Reacting against their own earlier music and most of the experimental or avant-garde music they promoted at the ICA, Jack now wrote music which is, broadly speaking, tonal, and in which the emphasis is on continuity and a sense of line. Among their ensemble pieces, "Jigsaw" and "Notelette" were requested and performed by Sounds Positive, while "Zigzag" was requested and performed (including a broadcast on Radio 3) by Cambridge New Music Players (now known as "New Music Players". Their "Piano Trio" (the first of three works for the medium) was originally requested and performed by London New Music and became their most widely played work, taken up by three other groups and broadcast twice in different performances. Jack's first two string quartets were played and broadcast by The Smith Quartet, and the third, fourth, fifth and sixth recorded by the Arditti Quartet for the Deux-Elles. Of over 50 solo piano pieces, many have been performed and broadcast by Noriko Kawai and Iain Burnside, and all of Jack's music for piano duo has been performed by the Danish-based duo, Ingryd Thorson and Julian Thurber. Many of their scores are lodged with the British Music Information Centre (BMIC) and recordings at the British Library Sound Archive.
Owing to ill health Adrian Jack no longer composes or makes public appearances.
Notes
External links
List of compositions
Official Website
Adrian Jack at Deux-Elles Classical Recordings
Profile by Nick Breckenfield from www.classicalsource.com
Works available in the British Music Information Centre
Piano duo Thorson and Thurber
1943 births
20th-century classical composers
Alumni of the Royal College of Music
British music critics
English classical composers
Living people
People from Datchet
English male classical composers
20th-century English composers
20th-century British male musicians
Adasimla is a village in the Sabang CD block in the Kharagpur subdivision of the Paschim Medinipur district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Geography
Location
Adasimla is located at .
Area overview
Kharagpur subdivision, shown partly in the map alongside, mostly has alluvial soils, except in two CD blocks in the west – Kharagpur I and Keshiary, which mostly have lateritic soils. Around 74% of the total cultivated area is cropped more than once. With a density of population of 787 per km2nearly half of the district's population resides in this subdivision. 14.33% of the population lives in urban areas and 86.67% lives in the rural areas.
Note: The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India, Adasimla had a total population of 4,622, of which 2,383 (52%) were males and 2,239 (48%) were females. There were 516 persons in the age range of 0–6 years. The total number of literate persons in Adasimla was 3,486 (84.90% of the population over 6 years).
Education
Adasimla Deshapran HS School is a Bengali-medium coeducational institution established in 1965. It has facilities for teaching from class V to class XII. It has a library with 1,180 books and a playground.
Adasimla picture gallery
References
External links
Villages in Paschim Medinipur district
Zhydovka (zhidovka) and zhyd (zhid) are terms for Jewish woman and Jewish man, respectively, in several Slavic languages. In some of those languages, they are considered pejorative.
Russian
In modern Russian (), it has been an anti-Semitic slur, similar to the word yid, since the mid-19th century. Under the influence of Russian, the terms have also become pejorative in modern Ukrainian (, zhydivka / zhyd) and were banned by the Soviet authorities in the 1930s.
Ukrainian language
Nikita Khrushchev commented on the term in their memoirs:I remember that once we invited Ukrainians, Jews, and Poles...to a meeting at the Lviv opera house. It struck me as very strange to hear the Jewish speakers at the meeting refer to themselves as 'yids'.… "We yids hereby declare ourselves in favor of such-and-such." Out in the lobby after the meeting, I stopped some of these men and demanded "How dare you use the word 'yid'? Don't you know it's a very offensive term, an insult to the Jewish nation?"
"Here in the Western Ukraine it's just the opposite," they explained. "We call ourselves yids.... Apparently what they said was true. If you go back to Ukrainian literature...you'll see that 'yid' isn't used derisively or insultingly."
21st-century controversies
In December 2012, Ukrainian politician Ihor Miroshnychenko of the Svoboda party wrote on Facebook that Hollywood actor Mila Kunis, who is Jewish, is "not a Ukrainian but a zhydivka." Ukrainian Jews protested the use of the term. Svoboda officials and Ukrainian philologist Oleksandr Ponomariv argued that in the Ukrainian language, the word does not always have the anti-Semitic connotations that it does in the Russian language, though Ponomariv warned that the term would be considered offensive by Jewish people.
The Ukrainian Ministry of Justice declared that Miroshnichenko's use of the word was legal because it is an archaic term for Jew and not necessarily a slur. In a letter of protest directed to then-Prime Minister of Ukraine Mykola Azarov, the term Zhydovka was described by Rabbi Marvin Hier of the US-based Simon Wiesenthal Center as an "insidious slur invoked by the Nazis and their collaborators as they rounded up the Jews to murder them at Babi Yar and in the death camps."
Iryna Farion defends the usage of the term zhyd in Ukrainian, claiming that the pejorative meaning to the previously neutral word was the result of Russification during the Soviet times, when the Russian word yevrei for 'Jews' was forced into the Ukrainian language.
Polish
In Polish the words have been described as neutral and non-pejorative, however there exist numerous derivatives, some of which can be pejorative, such as żydzisko. According to some other scholars, the word żyd and its derivatives can still be pejorative in some contexts, depending on who uses it and with what intention, and some people, both Jewish and non-Jewish, may be uneasy using it.
Other Slavic languages
In most other Slavic languages, such as Czech/Slovak (), Slovene, Croatian ( for "Jew"; and for "Israelite", "Israeli national")—as well as Hungarian which is heavily influenced by Slavic languages—these terms, similar to the usage in Polish, are not pejorative, as they simply mean 'Jew'.
Notes
References
Antisemitic slurs
Hungarian words and phrases
Slavic words and phrases
Bully (alternatively titled Bully: The Musical) is a 2017 musical featurette written and directed by Aaron Alon and produced by Thunderclap Productions. Bully is a dramatic musical about Sam Bradley, a young man who kills themselves after being repeatedly bullied in school because others suspect they are gay. The story follows Sam in the days leading up to their death and the lives of those around them in the days following their suicide.
Bully premiered in the United States on September 24, 2017, at Alamo Drafthouse – Mason Park in Houston, Texas. The film had its film festival premiere in the 2018 Rainier Independent Film Festival in Ashford, Washington, on May 20, 2018.
Synopsis
The film tells the story of Sam Bradley, a young man who commits suicide after being bullied in school.
Cast
Edward Henrickson as Sam Bradley, a 14-year-old being bullied in school
Danica Dawn Johnson as Mrs. Bradley, Sam's mother
Brad Goertz as Mr. Bradley, Sam's father
Kiefer Slaton as Tommy Samson, a bully at Sam's school with an abusive father
Chelsea Lerner as Mrs. Samson, Tommy's mother
Steve Hale as Mr. Samson, Tommy's abusive father
Reggie Choyce as Hunter Sikes, a bully at Sam's school whose parents are prone to violence toward one another
Monica Davis as Mrs. Sikes, Hunter's mother
Juan Sebastian Cruz as Chase Cruz, a bully at Sam's school whose mother suffers from an addiction to pain pills
Amanda Passanante as Mrs. Cruz, Chase's mother
M.E. Frazier, Jr. as Mr. Ross, the school guidance counselor at Sam's high school
Nora Hahn as Principal Rutledge, the principal at Sam's high school
Tamara Siler as the First Mourner, the person who starts the vigil for Sam
Emma Hayden, Ragan Richardson, Michael J. Ross, and Taelon Stonecipher as the quartet in "It Gets Better," four people filming their "It Gets Better" stories in response to Sam's suicide
Songs
"When" – performed by Danica Dawn Johnston and Brad Goertz (as Mrs. and Mr. Bradley); lyrics and music by Aaron Alon
"The Bullies' Song" – performed by Reggie Choyce, Kiefer Slaton, and Juan Sebastian Cruz (as Hunter, Tommy, and Chase); lyrics and music by Aaron Alon
"Hunter's Song" – performed by Reggie Choyce (as Hunter); lyrics and music by Aaron Alon
"Start Raising Men" – performed by Steve Hale (as Mr. Samson); lyrics and music by Aaron Alon
"It Gets Better" – performed by Emma Hayden, Ragan Richardson, Michael J. Ross, and Taelon Stonecipher (as themselves); lyrics and music by Aaron Alon
"Hollow House" – performed by Julian A. Puerto; lyrics and music by Aaron Alon
"He's a Child" – performed by Monica Davis and Amanda Passanante (as Mrs. Sikes and Mrs. Cruz); lyrics and music by Aaron Alon
"Who's Next" – performed by M.E. Frazier, Jr. (as Mr. Ross) with Tristan Smith on jazz guitar; lyrics and music by Aaron Alon
"The Bullies' Song - Reprise" – performed by Reggie Choyce, Kiefer Slaton, and Juan Sebastian Cruz (as Hunter, Tommy, and Chase); lyrics and music by Aaron Alon
"Raise Your Voice" – performed by Tamara Siler and company (as themselves); lyrics and music by Aaron Alon
"Was" – performed by Danica Dawn Johnston (as Mrs. Bradley); lyrics and music by Aaron Alon
"The More It Bleeds" – performed by Patrick Barton, Amy Garner Buchanan, William Sanders, Karen Schlag, Haley Simpson, and company (as themselves); lyrics and music by Aaron Alon
"Did They Think" – performed by Brad Goertz (as Mr. Bradley); lyrics and music by Aaron Alon
Release
Bully premiered in the United States on September 24, 2017, at Alamo Drafthouse – Mason Park in Houston. The second screening occurred April 10, 2018, at the University of Houston. The film had its film festival premiere in the 2018 Rainier Independent Film Festival in Ashford, Washington on May 20, 2018.
Official selections
Bully has been selected for screening at the following festivals and events:
Cinema Diverse: the Palm Springs Gay and Lesbian Film Festival (2018)
Cult Critic Movie Awards (2018)
Depth of Field International Film Festival (2018)
Eurasia International Monthly Film Festival (2018)
Filmfest Homochrom (2018)
Five Continents International Film Festival (2018)
Fort Worth Indie Film Showcase (2018)
IndieFest (2018)
Indigo Moon Film Festival (2018)
Lake View International Film Festival (2018)
Los Angeles Underground Film Forum (2018)
Next International Film Festival – NiFF Houston (2018)
Out of the Can Film Festival (2018)
PUSH! Film Festival (2018)
South Carolina Underground Film Festival (2018)
Queer Hippo International LGBT Film Festival (2018)
Rainer Independent Film Festival (2018)
Thessaloniki International LGBTIQ Film Festival (2018)
TMFF – The Monthly Film Festival (March–April 2018)
UK Monthly Film Festival (2018)
Awards and nominations
Funding
The film received grants from the Houston Art Alliance, the John Steven Kellett Foundation, the City of Houston, and donations from over fifty individuals.
See also
Suicide prevention
Education in the United States
References
Further reading
BWW Interviews: Aaron Alon, Justin Doran, and Brad Goertz talk BULLY, A NEW MUSICAL and its Concept Cast Album
Former Pearland resident's anti-bullying film to be screened in Katy
External links
LGBT-related musical drama films
American musical drama films
American high school films
2017 LGBT-related films
Films set in Houston
Films shot in Houston
American LGBT-related films
Films about bullying
Films about gender
American independent films
2017 independent films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Helen Kalvak, (Kalvakadlak) (1901 - 7 May 1984) was a Copper Inuit graphic artist from Ulukhaktok (formerly Holman), Northwest Territories, Canada.
Early years
Kalvak was born at Tahiryuak Lake, on Victoria Island and raised in the Prince Albert Sound area. Them family also spent some time at Minto Inlet. They lived a traditional Inuit lifestyle for most of their life. Them mother was Enataomik. Them father Halukhit encouraged their spiritual gifts and taught them to be an angatkuq (spiritual healer). Although Kalvak later converted to Christianity, they continued to reflect their traditional spirituality in their artwork, along with the stories which they had learned as a child.
Later years
In 1960, Kalvak moved to Holman (present-day Ulukhaktok) after the sudden death of their husband, Edward Manayok. There in 1961 they helped a Roman Catholic priest, Rev. Henri Tardy, set up the Holman Eskimo Co-op. It was at this time that Kalvak began their artwork. In 1965, their artwork was turned into prints and sold throughout the world.
Ten years later, in recognition of their work, Kalvak was inducted into the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts. This was followed in 1978 by their appointment to the Order of Canada. By 1978, Kalvak had produced an estimated 2,000 drawings. They were no longer able to use their hands due to Parkinson's disease. The following year, Canada Post used their work entitled The Dance for the 17¢ postage stamp. With 176 published prints, Kalvak is the Ulukhaktok artist with the largest body of published work.
At the time of their death in 1984, Kalvak was one of the few remaining Inuit women in Ulukhaktok decorated with traditional beautifying facial tattoos.
The school in Ulukhaktok is named after them
Personal life
Kalvak was married to Edward Manayok, a singer and drum dancer. They died at a coastal outpost camp at Walker Bay.
Their daughter, Elsie Nilgak, states:
"When they were trying to start the Co-op my mother was given drawing paper to make drawings. They would make drawings when we were at our outpost camp at Walker Bay [on the coast north of Minto Inlet]. The drawings would show the way people used to dress and live. They did drawings for some of the sealskin tapestries also. There were about five women, including my mother, who sewed sealskins for the Co-op. I still remember the first drawings and designs by my mother for kamiks, parkas, mitts, and other craft items. There were about five women who made sealskin clothing and mats. I remember coming into Holman in the summer by boat to sell some of my mother's finished drawings and I would get more art supplies to take back for them This was after my father passed away [in 1960]."
Them granddaughter, Julia Manoyok Ekpakohak (born 1968), is also an artist. They were taught by Kalvak.
References
External links
The Dance as used by Canada Post
The Work of Helen Kalvak
Helen Kalvak School
1901 births
1984 deaths
Canadian Inuit women
Converts to Christianity
Neurological disease deaths in the Northwest Territories
Deaths from Parkinson's disease
Inuit illustrators
Members of the Order of Canada
Members of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts
Artists from the Northwest Territories
Inuit spiritual healers
Inuvialuit people
20th-century Canadian women artists
Inuit from the Northwest Territories
Wilhelm Frass (29 May 1886 – 1 November 1968) was an Austrian sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1886 births
1968 deaths
20th-century Austrian sculptors
Austrian male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Sankt Pölten
20th-century Austrian male artists
The 2022–23 season is the 130th season in the history of Hertha BSC and their 10th consecutive season in the top flight. The club is participating in the Bundesliga and DFB-Pokal.
Players
Players out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Bundesliga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 17 June 2022.
DFB-Pokal
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season
Goalscorers
Last updated: 16 September 2022
References
Hertha BSC seasons
Hertha BSC
The General Federation of Private Railway and Bus Workers' Unions of Japan (PRU, , Shitetsu Soren) is a trade union representing transport workers in Japan.
The union was founded on 10 January 1947 as a split from the Japan Transportation Labor Union Alliance. It was a founding affiliate of the original Japanese Trade Union Confederation. In 1949, it affiliated to the National Confederation of Trade Unions, but the following year, it left to become a founding affiliate of the General Council of Trade Unions of Japan. It led a strike in 1952, and participated in the general transport strike of 1967, but generally focused on negotiation. By 1967, it had 255,882 members.
In 1989, the union was a founding affiliate of the Japanese Trade Union Confederation. By 2020, it had 113,253 members.
References
External links
Railway labor unions
Trade unions established in 1947
Trade unions in Japan
Hacıtuğrul, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
"Don't Check on Me" is a song by American singer Chris Brown, featuring vocals from Canadian singer Justin Bieber and American singer Ink. It was released as a promotional single from Brown's ninth studio album, Indigo, on June 25, 2019.
Background and composition
The song features an acoustic guitar riff, similar to past songs such as Brown's "With You" and Bieber's "Love Yourself". It is the first collaboration between the two artists since 2011's "Next to You". The song's lyrical content concerns moving on from a past relationship, with both Brown, Bieber, and Ink advising their former lovers to stop checking in on them and that the relationship ended for a reason.
Charts
Certifications
References
2019 singles
Chris Brown songs
Justin Bieber songs
Pop ballads
Songs written by Poo Bear
Songs written by Chris Brown
Songs written by Justin Bieber
2019 songs
The Pipeline Open Data Standard (PODS) database is a reporting tool for pipeline projects. It functions by creating a populated database information relevant to the life-cycle of a project.
PODS Model History
Since its inception, the PODS Association has supported continued development of the PODS Data Model in order to meet the needs of the pipeline industry. Government regulation and technological advancement of integrity and risk management applications have driven much of this progress.
PODS 2.0, released in 2001, with fewer than 70 tables.
PODS 3.0, released in 2002, doubled in size, including several submodels.
PODS 3.1, released in 2003
PODS 3.2, released in 2004
PODS 3.2.1, released in 2004, maintenance release.
PODS 4.0, released in 2006, includes ILI submodel and documentation.
PODS 4.0.1, released in 2007, maintenance release.
PODS 4.0.2, released in 2007, maintenance release.
PODS 5.0, released 2009, contains 198 Sub-Models, 652 Tables, and 4,843 Columns.
PODS 5.0 ESRI Spatial GeoDatabase, released 2010.
See also
Gas Technology Institute (formerly Gas Research Institute)
Open specifications
Open standard
Pipeline transport
References
External links
PODS home page
Standards
Non-profit organizations based in Oklahoma
Organizations established in 1998
Pipeline transport
Batrachorhina rufina is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Léon Fairmaire in 1897, originally under the genus Tigranesthes. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1897
Kyaw Swa Khaing (, variously spelt Kyaw Swar Khaing, Kyaw Swar Khine) was the Minister of the President's Office of Myanmar (Burma) and a former Deputy Minister for Industry-2.
They held the rank of Major General before resigning their military post to compete in the 2010 Burmese general election.
References
Government ministers of Myanmar
1948 births
People from Yangon
Burmese military personnel
Defence Services Academy alumni
Burmese generals
Union Solidarity and Development Party politicians
Members of Pyithu Hluttaw
2013 deaths
Marino Giovanni Zorzi or Marino Giovanni Giorgi (died 1678) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Brescia (1644–1678).
Biography
Marino Giovanni Zorzi was born in June 1634 in Venice, Italy and ordained a priest in Dec 1658.
On 9 Jun 1664, they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Alexander VII as Bishop of Brescia.
They served as Bishop of Brescia until their death on 24 Oct 1678 in Brescia, Italy.
See also
Catholic Church in Italy
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the Republic of Venice
Bishops appointed by Pope Alexander VII
1634 births
1678 deaths
, better known by their stage name Wise, is a Japanese rapper who raps in both English and Japanese. Their mother is American and their father is Japanese and during high school, they lived in the United States.  They are affiliated with the creative group Kazenohito. In 2005, they formed the group Wise'N'SonPub with beatmaker SonPub and the group Teriyaki Boyz with Ryo-Z, Ilmari (from Rip Slyme) and Verbal (from M-Flo). They made their major debut as a solo artist with the single "Shine Like A Star" on February 21, 2007.
Discography
Singles
Alive
"Alive"
"My Way"
"Wanna Know Ya"
"Shine Like a Star" (Soul Source Production Mix)
Shine Like a Star (Feb. 21, 2007)
"Shine Like a Star" (August 2007)
"One Chance"
"Shine Like a Star" (Instrumental)
"One Chance" (Instrumental)
Thinking of You (May 23, 2007)
"Thinking of You"
"Good Music" (feat. MC Leo)
Mirror (July 23, 2008)
"Mirror" Feat. Salyu
Furimukanaide Feat. Hiromi (April 1, 2009)
"Furimukanaide" Feat. Hiromi
"Unchain my Heart" Feat. May J
"Furimukanaide" Feat. Hiromi (Instrumental)
Albums
Children of the Sun (October 10, 2007)
"Time To Rise"
"Shine Like a Star"
"Delicious"
"Never at Once" Feat. Himiko
"Thinking of You"
"Hey Girl!" Feat. Su (Rip Slyme)
"Taiyou no Kodomo" Feat. Afra. Cro-magnon
"Good Music" Feat. mc Leo
"Play That Song"
"Alive"
"Hi no Tori" Feat. Cro-magnon
Love Quest (May 27, 2009)
"Love Quest"
"Aenakutemo" feat. Kana Nishino
"Into the Sky" feat. Beat Crusaders
"...In your Happiness"
"Big City of Dreams" feat. Taro Soul
"Furimukanaide" feat. Hiromi
"Best Friend's Girl"
"Mae e"
"Free"
"Can't Stop" feat. Speech (From Arrested Development)
"Mirror" feat. Salyu
"Unchain my Heart" feat. May J.
Dakid (Aug. 10, 2005) as WISE`N'SONPUB
"Welcome"
"Memento"
"Space Travelers"
"Free Fall"
"Drums Makes Romance"
"Hi no Tori"
"After the Rain..."
"Simple Walk"
"Zambot 3"
"Nurture our Nature"
"SK8 SKIT"
"History"
"Departure"
Other Releases
Mellow Yellow "Chikyū Walker"
4 the Fabulous feat. YOUKID, WISE (Kaze no Hito) (June 29, 2005)
YOSHIKA "timeless" (Jan. 18, 2006)
13.alive feat. WISE
Def Tech "Catch The Wave" (Apr. 26, 2006)
9. Off The Edge feat. WISE
Kaori Natori "Perfume" (May 24, 2006)
13.I believe myself feat. WISE
Masaharu Fukuyama "Fukuyama Masaharu ANOTHER WORKS remixed by Piston Nishizawa" (May 24, 2006)
3.Sakura Zaka～featuring WISE
Ya-kyim "Keep YA Style" (Aug. 2, 2006)
6.STYLES feat.SIMON,NORISIAM-X,WISE & GS
BoA "THE FACE" (Feb. 27, 2008)
3. My way, Your way feat. WISE
Kana Nishino "LOVE one." (Jun. 6, 2009)
2. Tōkutemo feat. Wise
See also
Teriyaki Boyz
M-Flo
RIP SLYME
A Bathing Ape
External links
Official Site
Kazenohito Official Site
Unofficial Colombian Fansite (In English And Spanish)
So Alive V2.0(unofficial blog)
1979 births
Living people
Japanese male singers
Japanese rappers
Japanese people of American descent
Musicians from Aichi Prefecture
Yahşihan, Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
Earl Wilson (April 18, 1906 – April 27, 1990) was an American educator and politician who served 11 terms as a United States representative from Indiana during the mid-20th century.
Biography
They were born on a farm near Huron, Indiana and attended public schools there. They attended Purdue University and received degrees from Coyne Electrical School of Chicago, Illinois in 1928 and Indiana University of Bloomington, Indiana in 1931. They taught high school in Dubois, White, and Decautur Counties between 1931 and 1938 and as a high school principal in Jackson County 1939–1940.
Political career
Wilson decided to enter politics and in 1940 they narrowly defeated New Deal Democrat incumbent Eugene B. Crowe 71,624–69,227 and was elected as the Republican Representative for Indiana's 9th congressional district. They served in the United States Congress until 1958, when they were defeated by Earl Hogan for reelection. In 1960, they defeated Hogan and was returned to Congress in 1961. Wilson won reelection in 1962.]. In 1964 Wilson was defeated for reelection by Democrat Lee Hamilton 74,939 – 62,780. Wilson did not vote in favor of the Civil Rights Acts of 1957 and 1964, despite voting in favor of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 in the first House vote on February 10, 1964. However, they voted present on the 24th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.
While in Congress, Wilson was influential in moving Samuel Woodfill's body from Madison, Indiana to Arlington National Cemetery.
Later career and death
After their loss to Hamilton in 1964 Wilson was elected to the Indiana State Senator serving there from 1969 to 1976. They were a resident of Bedford, Indiana, until their death on April 27, 1990.
References
1906 births
1990 deaths
Indiana University alumni
Indiana state senators
People from Bedford, Indiana
20th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Indiana
Cristodesisa vicina is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1972. It is known from Malaysia.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1972
Nicocortonide is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
See also
Proligestone
References
Secondary alcohols
Corticosteroid cyclic ketals
Corticosteroid esters
Corticosteroids
Cyclic acetals with aldehydes
Esters
Glucocorticoids
Isonicotinates
Pregnanes
Abandoned drugs
Stephen R. Perry (born 1950) is a Canadian scholar in the fields of jurisprudence and political philosophy.  They are the John J. O'Brien Professor of Law and Professor of Philosophy at the University of Pennsylvania Law School, and Director of the Institute of Law & Philosophy.
Education and career
Perry earned their BA (1975) LLB law degree (1981) at the University of Toronto and their BPhil (1978) and D.Phil. (1988) at Oxford University under the direction of Ronald Dworkin.
They taught for nearly a decade at McGill University prior to moving to Penn in 1996. From 2003 to 2005, they were the Fiorello La Guardia Professor of Law and Professor of Philosophy at NYU Law School.
 They are the John J. O'Brien Professor of Law and Professor of Philosophy at the University of Pennsylvania Law School, and Director of the Institute of Law & Philosophy.
References
External links
Faculty profile, University of Pennsylvania Law School
Living people
21st-century American philosophers
Philosophers of law
1950 births
American legal scholars
University of Pennsylvania Law School faculty
University of Toronto alumni
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Jurisprudence academics
Scholars of tort law
Karena Chapman is an Australian chemist who is the Joseph W Lauher & Frank W Fowler Endowed Chair in Materials Chemistry at Stony Brook University. Them research considers the use of high energy X-rays to better understand the structure property relationships of energy materials.
Early life and education
Chapman was an undergraduate student at the University of Sydney. They remained in Australia for doctoral research, studying molecular framework materials. During their PhD, Chapman completed their crystallography measurements at Argonne National Laboratory. Chapman then joined the Argonne National Laboratory as an Arthur Holly Compton Fellow.
Research and career
Chapman joined the high energy X-ray beamline of the X-ray science division at the Argonne National Laboratory in 2009. They developed approaches to better understand the structures of materials during operation. For example, they are interested in what's happening to the structure of batteries during charging/discharging. After nine years at Argonne, Chapman joined the faculty at Stony Brook University, where they were appointed the Joseph Lauher and Frank Fowler Endowed Chair in Materials Chemistry. They direct a centre focused on energy research, part of the United States Department of Energy Energy Frontier Research Centers.
Chapman's research considers the development of new materials for batteries, catalysis and gas capture. They have worked on the development of high X-ray based fidelity tools to identify structure-property relationships in these materials.
Personal life
Chapman has said that their role model is Clare Grey.
Awards and honours
2012 American Physical Society Spotless Award
2015 Materials Research Society Outstanding Young Investigator Award
2016 C&E News Talented Twelve
2021 Appointed Senior Editor at American Chemical Society Letters
2022 International Centre for Diffraction Data Hanawalt Award
Selected publications
References
Australian women chemists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Stony Brook University faculty
University of Sydney alumni
Argonne National Laboratory people
Australian materials scientists
The Royal Artillery Mounted Rifles are detachments of the British Army's Royal Artillery when deployed as mounted infantry. The unit was first developed towards the end of the Second Boer War which was characterised by guerrilla warfare. There was little call for traditional units of field or horse artillery but high demand for mounted infantrymen to counter the highly mobile Boer commandos. By the end of the war around 2,000 artillerymen were acting in the mounted infantry role. A similar force was deployed to Ireland in the early 1920s to counter guerrilla tactics used by Irish republicans.
Second Boer War
The final year of the Second Boer War (1899–1902) was characterised by guerrilla warfare fought between mounted Boer commandos and British mobile columns. With little use for heavy calibre weaponry in such an environment both sides stood down much of their artillery units. With a large number of artillerymen gathering at depots awaiting return to England or deployment on garrison duty in India, British commander Lord Kitchener decided to form them into units of mounted infantry. The artillerymen were suited to this task as they were trained to a good standard of horsemanship and tended to be of above average intelligence and discipline. Additional rifle shooting practice was arranged for the men, as this was not usually a core aspect of their training.
The Royal Artillery Mounted Rifles were formed into independent columns of around 750 men commanded by a Royal Artillery lieutenant-colonel. One such column was commanded by Thomas Baldock, who would later become a Major-General. In addition to mounted infantry the columns contained a light pom-pom artillery unit and their own signals and scout sections. The men were not issued with swords and so relied on rifles with fixed bayonets when required to carry out cavalry-style charges. The units remained under the administration of the Royal Regiment of Artillery who retained responsibility for forming and equipping the units, supply, remounts, staffing and signals.
The columns were particularly active in the final six months of the war during which time they undertook many long distance "drives" to clear the countryside of Boer guerrillas. The units were so successful that Kitchener requested a further 1,000 gunners from the Indian government to deploy in the role; this was refused but a comparable number of artillerymen were instead supplied by the British Army. By the end of the war around 2,000 artillery personnel were serving as mounted infantry.
At the time they were formed, British General Ian Hamilton stated that the artillerymen were keen to carry out their new role. However, Colonel H. Rowan-Robinson, writing in 1921, claimed that the decision was viewed with horror by a large number of the artillerymen due to the unconventional nature of the deployment.
Kipling poem
The unit is commemorated in Rudyard Kipling's 1903 poem Ubique which commemorates the Royal Artillery's service in the war (Ubique is the regimental motto). The poem includes the lines:
This refers to the re-roling of the artillery as a mounted infantry force without their guns. Kipling refers to the unit as "infantillery", a portmanteau of infantry and artillery that they may well have coined, which reflects the role and origins of the unit.
Irish War of Independence
The concept was revived in the early 1920s during and immediately after the Irish War of Independence, another largely-guerrilla war. The bulk of the XXX Brigade, Royal Field Artillery (RFA) and XXXVI Brigade RFA, attached to the 5th Infantry Division, were deployed as mounted rifles or else as composite artillery/infantry units. For a brief period in early 1922 they reverted to the traditional artillery role. The Brigade, Royal Horse Artillery (RHA)also deployed to Ireland as mounted infantry while the XXXIII Brigade RFA operated as a mixed armoured car/infantry unit.
Four formal regiments were organised for service in Ireland, with squadrons made up of personnel drawn from various brigades:
1st Regiment, Royal Artillery Mounted Rifles – formed 23 June 1921
A Squadron – V Brigade, RFA
B Squadron – VI Brigade, RFA
C Squadron – XII Brigade, RFA
2nd Regiment, Royal Artillery Mounted Rifles – formed 1 July 1921
A Squadron – V Brigade, RFA and N Battery, RHA
B Squadron – VIII Brigade, RFA
C Squadron – IX or XXXVII Brigades, RFA
3rd Regiment, Royal Artillery Mounted Rifles – formed 17 June 1921
A Squadron – VII Brigade, RFA
B Squadron – XV Brigade, RFA
C Squadron – XXXV Brigade, RFA
4th Regiment, Royal Artillery Mounted Rifles – formed 1921
A Squadron – IV Brigade, RFA
B Squadron – XIV Brigade, RFA
C Squadron – XXXIV Brigade, RFA
All four regiments were disbanded in 1922, the 4th Regiment on 31 January.
References
Units and formations of the Royal Artillery
Military units and formations of the Second Boer War
The Crystal Ball is a 1943 film directed by Elliott Nugent and starring Ray Milland and Paulette Goddard.
Plot
A maid, in cahoots with Madame Zenobia (Gladys George), a fake psychic, fools Jo Ainsly (Virginia Field) into believing Zenobia to be a gifted fortune teller.
Madame Zenobia helps a young beauty queen, Toni Gerard (Paulette Goddard), find a job with Pop Tibbots (Cecil Kellaway) in an arcade. Toni ends up conspiring with Madame Zenobia to fool Jo's handsome attorney, Brad Cavanaugh (Ray Milland), into buying a piece of land.
The plan backfires when the land purchase gets Brad in trouble with the government. Toni, who has fallen for Brad, tries to persuade Zenobia to reveal their deceit, but Zenobia locks them in a closet and flees. Toni has to convince Brad that their love for them is real.
Cast
Ray Milland as Brad Cavanaugh
Paulette Goddard as Toni Gerard
Gladys George as Madame Zenobia
Virginia Field as Jo Ainsly
Cecil Kellaway as Pop Tibbots
William Bendix as Biff Carter
References
External links
1943 films
1943 romantic comedy films
American romantic comedy films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
Films directed by Elliott Nugent
Paramount Pictures films
Films scored by Victor Young
United Artists films
1940s American films
The Buru thrush (Geokichla dumasi) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is endemic to montane rainforest on Buru in Indonesia. Traditionally, it included the Seram thrush as a subspecies, in which case the common name of the 'combined species' was Moluccan thrush.
References
Buru thrush
Birds of Buru
Buru thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The was an infantry division of the Imperial Japanese Army. Its call sign was the . It was formed 2 April 1945 in Tokyo as a triangular division. It was one of the batch of eight divisions comprising 201st, 202nd, 205th, 206th, 209th, 212th, 214th and 216th divisions created as part of the Japanese reaction on the Battle of Okinawa.
Action
The 201st division was assigned to the second line of defenses of Kantō region deeper inland. The 501st infantry regiment was garrisoning Zama, 502nd and 503rd infantry regiments - Musashimurayama. Other sub-units were deployed at Gotemba. The 201st division did not see any combat.
See also
List of Japanese Infantry Divisions
Notes and references
This article incorporates material from Japanese Wikipedia page 第201師団 (日本軍), accessed 14 July 2016
Madej, W. Victor, Japanese Armed Forces Order of Battle, 1937–1945 [2 vols], Allentown, PA: 1981.
Japanese World War II divisions
Infantry divisions of Japan
Military units and formations established in 1945
Military units and formations disestablished in 1945
1945 establishments in Japan
1945 disestablishments in Japan
Victoria Lovelady (born 29 November 1986) is a Brazilian professional golfer.
Lovelady qualified for the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Early life and amateur golf career
Victoria Alimonda, now known as Victoria Lovelady after marriage, began playing golf at the age of 12. They also enjoy playing the guitar, composing music and surfing.
Professional career
Lovelady played on the Symetra Tour in 2012 and 2013 and has played on the Ladies European Tour since 2014.
References
External links
Brazilian female golfers
Ladies European Tour golfers
Olympic golfers of Brazil
Golfers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
1986 births
Living people
The YuYu Hakusho manga was written and drawn by Yoshihiro Togashi and was published by Shueisha in the Japanese-language magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump. The series concentrates on the adventures of young delinquent Yusuke Urameshi, who after their death becomes a Spirit Detective, the protector of the Living World against supernatural threats.
The manga consists of 19 tankōbon; the first tankōbon was released on April 10, 1991, and the last one was released on December 2, 1994. An anime adaptation of the series of 112 television episodes was directed by Noriyuki Abe and co-produced by Fuji Television, Yomiko Advertising, and Studio Pierrot. In August 2004, Shueisha released a kanzenban edition. Each kanzenban volume features a new cover. The kanzenban release of the series is 15 volumes long (as opposed to the original 19 tankōbon, each book contains more chapters than the basic editions), with two coming out monthly.
The YuYu Hakusho manga was serialized in North America by Viz Media in the American Shonen Jump magazine. The first volume was released on May 13, 2003, and the last on March 2, 2010. In 2013, Viz Media started to adapt the volumes to a digital format as part of their digital manga releases.
Volume list
References
External links
Official YuYu Hakusho manga site from Viz Media
YuYu Hakusho Kanzenban manga official site
Chapters
YuYu Hakusho
Ablain-Saint-Nazaire () is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.
Geography
A farming village located 8 miles (12 km) north of Arras, on the D57 road. It was rebuilt after being destroyed during World War I. The Saint-Nazaire stream, which passes through the commune, is a small tributary of the river Deûle.
Population
History
At the start of World War I, the Battle of Lorette lasted for 12 months, from October 1914 to October 1915, resulting in high casualties on both sides: 100,000 killed and as many wounded.
A French national cemetery was built on 13 hectares nearby and comprises 20,000 graves, laid out irrespective of rank or military training. General Barbot has a private soldier buried next to him, on their right.
In eight ossuaries, around the base of the lantern tower, are the remains of 22,970 unidentified soldiers. A portion of the cemetery has been reserved for Muslim soldiers.
In 2014, to mark the centenary of the start of World War I, French President François Hollande and German defence minister Ursula von der Leyen inaugurated a memorial for Armistice Day.
Sights
The church of St. Pierre, dating from the twentieth century.
The ruins of the fifteenth century church, destroyed in World War I.
The war museum.
See also
Communes of the Pas-de-Calais department
References
External links
The Communauté d'Agglomération of Lens-Liévin
Official website of Ablain-Saint-Nazaire
Communes of Pas-de-Calais
Artois
Adolphe Deschamps (; also Dechamps ; 17 June 1807 – 19 July 1875) was a Belgian statesman and publisher, the brother of Cardinal Victor-Auguste-Isidor Deschamps.
They entered public life about 1830 and soon became popular through their contributions to several Catholic newspapers. Having founded, with their friend Pierre de Decker, the Revue de Bruxelles, they advocated in that paper a system of parliamentary government which was termed "government of the centres". The ministries were to be composed of Catholics and Liberals and to be supported by the moderate elements of the two parties. The scheme worked for some years. In 1834 Dechamps was elected to the Belgian Chamber of Representatives, where their talent as an orator soon secured them a prominent position. In 1836 they participated very actively in the discussion of the bill on the organization of the communes, and in 1839 they opposed the Treaty of London, 1839. The Great Powers had imposed that treaty on Belgium and the Netherlands in 1834, but the latter had delayed accepting it in the hope that they might eventually obtain better conditions. Deschamps, with many others, held that by this delay the Netherlands had forfeited their right to the advantages granted them by the Powers and they urged the Government to appeal to arms rather than to surrender any part of Belgian territory. This warlike policy, however, would have been opposed by the Great Powers, and peace was finally signed with the Netherlands.
They also played a leading part in the passing of the bill on elementary education. Up to 1842 there had been no elementary public schools in Belgium, although there were numerous schools organized under the direction of the clergy. One of the provisions of the new bill enacted that religious instruction was to form an essential part of public education and to be under the control of the clergy. The bill was passed almost unanimously by the votes of both Catholics and Liberals. From 1843 to 1848 Dechamps was a member of several ministries. After the defeat of their party in 1848 they became the leader of the Catholic minority in the Chamber of Representatives and retained that position for several years. In 1864 they retired from politics and engaged in financial enterprises, but their ventures proved unsuccessful.
Honours
Grand officer of the Order of Leopold.
Knight Grand Cross in the Legion of Honour
Knight 1st class in the Order of the Red Eagle
Knight Grand Cross in the Order of Saint Michael
: Knight Grand Cross in the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus
Knight Grand Cross in the Order of the Netherlands Lion
Knight Grand Cross in the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau
Published works
Le second Empire (Brussels, 1859);
Le second Empire et l'Angleterre (Brussels, 1865);
Jules César; l'empire jugé par l'empereur (Brussels, 1865);
La France et l'Allemagne (Brussels, 1865);
La Convention de Gastein (Brussels, 1865);
Les partis en Belgique et le nouveau règne (Brussels, 1866);
L'école daBs ses rapports avec l'Eglise, l'Etat et la liberté (Brussels, 1869);
Le prince de Bismarck et l'entrevue des trois empereurs (Brussels, 1873).
References
cites:
HYMANS, Histoire Parlementaire de la Belqique (Brussels, 1878–82);
External links
Adolphe Deschamps in ODIS - Online Database for Intermediary Structures
1807 births
1875 deaths
Belgian newspaper publishers (people)
Foreign ministers of Belgium
Forbidden is a lost 1919 American silent drama film directed by Lois Weber and Phillips Smalley and starring Mildred Harris, who was billed as Mrs. Charles Chaplin. The picture was produced and distributed by the Universal Film Manufacturing Company.
The film was advertised as a Universal-Jewel production.
Plot
As described in a film magazine, Maddie Irwin (Harris), tired of living in the country, marries Fred Worthington (Henry Woodward), a childhood sweetheart long cherished as their idol but gone for five years to the city. After the wedding they learn that they have erected a sumptuous country home for them. Soon they become almost estranged by their desire to live in the city and their aversion to things metropolitan, born of a disappointment in love. They yield to their plea to take them to the city for a while at least. They learn to paint and powder, and their efforts to disgust them with that life fail. Then they pretend to leave their forever, having first arranged for a friend to take them to Chinatown. Here he, disguised, pretends to attempt an assault. A country acquaintance, who saw them and followed her, shoots him. They flee to their home in the country. Here their husband comes to her, keeping their plot secret, and happiness follows.
Cast
Mildred Harris as 'Maddie' Irwin
Henry Woodward as Fred Worthington
Fred Goodwins as Ben Withers
Priscilla Dean as An Adventuress
Harry Woodward (uncredited)
References
External links
Synopsis; allmovie.com
Lantern glass slide
1919 films
American silent feature films
Lost American films
Films directed by Lois Weber
Universal Pictures films
Films directed by Phillips Smalley
1919 drama films
Silent American drama films
American black-and-white films
1919 lost films
Lost drama films
1910s American films
Shrek n' Roll is a video game developed by Backbone Entertainment and published by Activision on November 14, 2007. The puzzle game was released on the Xbox 360.
Reception
The game has a Metacritic rating of 49% based on 10 critic reviews. TeamXBox said "The gameplay is fun, but not nearly groundbreaking and unlikely to provide hours and hours of entertainment. The graphics are sharp, but nothing that'll put the Xbox 360 at risk of overheating because the processors are working too hard. " IGN said " Shrek-N-Roll is more boredom and mundane than fun and exhilarating, even for diehard fans of all three Shrek films. " Eurogamer said "The gameplay is repetitive - not a problem for puzzle games if they also have an addictive quality, but Shrek-N-Roll just doesn't." GamesRadar said " Even as a diversion for the younger set, this game just doesn't have any staying power". Official Xbox Magazine said "Local co-op play requires constant communication and generates some small excitement, but isn't enough to make Shrek-n-Roll more than an overpriced novelty." Xbox World 360 Magazine UK said "We'll go easy on it for being a kids' game, but it's certainly not a good one".
References
2007 video games
Shrek video games
Video games developed in the United States
Xbox 360 games
Xbox 360-only games
The Super Bowl curse or Super Bowl hangover is a phrase that refers to three phenomena that may occur in the National Football League (NFL). These interpretations of the Super Bowl curse are not mutually exclusive.
First, there is the "home field advantage curse" referring to team(s), whose stadium will host the upcoming Super Bowl, that have a tendency to miss the playoffs or suffer early postseason elimination. In fact, no Super Bowl host team had managed to reach the title game, until the 2020 season, when the Tampa Bay Buccaneers played in Super Bowl LV as the first such team to play—and subsequently win—on its home stadium.
Second, Super Bowl champions rarely win consecutive Super Bowls, compared to other professional sports leagues such as Major League Baseball, the National Basketball Association, or the National Hockey League.
Lastly, the loser of the prior year's Super Bowl will often have a less successful season and may miss the playoffs the next year.
The term has been used since at least 1992, when The Washington Post used the term in print. Former NFL General Manager Charley Casserly attributed the curse to such factors as "a shorter offseason, contract problems, [and] more demand for your players' time". Casserly also noted that "once the season starts, you become the biggest game on everybody's schedule," suggesting that pressure from fans and spectators may also affect a team's performance.
The Home Field Advantage Curse
The home field curse is said to affect the host team(s) of the Super Bowl. So far only two teams, the 2020 Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the 2021 Los Angeles Rams, have managed to qualify to play in the Super Bowl in their home stadium, Raymond James Stadium and SoFi Stadium respectively, with the Buccaneers winning Super Bowl LV and the Rams winning Super Bowl LVI.
Besides the 2020 Buccaneers and 2021 Rams, two other NFL teams have reached the Super Bowl hosted in their home region: the 1984 San Francisco 49ers, who played (and won) Super Bowl XIX in Stanford Stadium, rather than Candlestick Park, and the 1979 Los Angeles Rams, who played Super Bowl XIV in the Rose Bowl, rather than the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Besides Stanford Stadium and the Rose Bowl, the only other Super Bowl venue that was not the home stadium to an NFL team at the time was Rice Stadium in Houston: the Houston Oilers had played there previously, but moved to the Astrodome several years prior to Super Bowl VIII. The Miami Orange Bowl was the only AFL stadium to host a Super Bowl and the only stadium to host consecutive Super Bowls, hosting Super Bowl II and III. Currently, there are two stadiums that are home to two NFL teams of both conferences: MetLife Stadium in New Jersey, which hosted Super Bowl XLVIII, is the home stadium of two NFL teams: the New York Giants and the New York Jets, and SoFi Stadium, which hosted Super Bowl LVI, is the home stadium of the Los Angeles Chargers and the Los Angeles Rams.
Six teams with Super Bowls in their home venue have qualified for the divisional playoffs: the Dolphins twice in 1994 and 1998, the 2016 Houston Texans, the 2017 Minnesota Vikings, the 2020 Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and the 2021 Los Angeles Rams, and three have qualified to play in the conference championship game: the Vikings in the 2017 NFC Championship Game, the Buccaneers in the 2020 NFC Championship Game, and the Rams in the 2021 NFC Championship Game (the 2021 Rams became the first Super Bowl host team to host a Conference Championship). From 1966–2011 (excluding the six Super Bowl games held in a stadium without a professional team), the Super Bowl host team has had 11 winning seasons, four split seasons, and 25 losing seasons. Mathematically, the probability of that many losing seasons or more occurring by chance (assuming a 50 percent chance of having a losing season (disregarding .500 seasons)) is 7.69 percent. Beginning with the 2021 season, the NFL stretched to 17 games being played; it is no longer possible to have a split season unless there is a tie game. The Super Bowl host stadium is selected several years before the game is played, without regard to the teams that qualify.
This list of examples is not exhaustive; until 2020, no team had ever qualified and played in the Super Bowl while their home stadium was hosting it. Furthermore, a Super Bowl host stadium's team has never been the #1 seed nor had the best overall record in the league; the 2020 Buccanners were the fifth seed in the NFC, while the 2021 Rams were fourth.
The Non-Repeat Curse
Since 1993, few winning teams have followed up their Super Bowl appearances with a second Super Bowl appearance, or even advanced to a conference title game in the subsequent season (the 1994 Dallas Cowboys qualified for their conference title but did not qualify for the Super Bowl). Only seven teams have won back-to-back Super Bowl championships, and only one of these seven have made more than two consecutive winning appearances in the Super Bowl. The only franchise to reach more than three straight title games was the Buffalo Bills who lost four Super Bowls in a row from 1990 to 1993. The salary cap, draft, free agency and the schedule makes it more difficult to win repeat league championships in the NFL, compared to other major North American professional sports leagues (Major League Baseball, the National Basketball Association, and the National Hockey League) where dynasties have been prevalent.
Since 2005, no incumbent holder has managed to successfully defend their title. Between 2006 and 2013, every defending Super Bowl champion would conclude the following season either losing their opening playoff game or failing to qualify for the playoffs.
This list of examples includes every team that has ever had back-to-back appearances at the Super Bowl.
The "Super Bowl Runner-Up Jinx"
Although many teams experience this phenomenon, it is certainly not the rule. There are many speculations made about potential causal factors for this trend, including the team having a shorter offseason due to their extended postseason play, difficulty settling contracts, more pressure on the players, and an increase in visibility, which could contribute to nervous playing. Only the 1971 Dallas Cowboys, 1972 Miami Dolphins, and 2018 New England Patriots have followed up a Super Bowl defeat with a Super Bowl win the following season.
One feature of the Super Bowl Runner-Up Jinx is that the team that loses the Super Bowl will not advance as far as the conference championship game the following season — something only three of the last 27 such teams have done (the Patriots twice). Not only that, but 12 of these 27 Super Bowl runners-up did not even make the playoffs the year after, including four that finished last in their division.
This list of examples is not exhaustive.
Further reading
References
External links
American football-related curses
Curse
Urban legends
Ariel Mauricio Rojas (born 16 January 1986 in Garín, Argentina) is a football midfielder who plays for Belgrano.
Career
Rojas began their professional playing career with Vélez Sársfield of the Primera División. They made their league debut as a substitute on 26 August 2007 in a 4-2 home win against Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy. They made only 3 appearances for Vélez, all as a substitute.
In 2008, they joined 2nd division side Godoy Cruz and was part of the team that secured promotion to the Primera División at the end of the 2007-08 season. Rojas scored their first goal in professional football on 13 September 2009 in a 1-1 draw against Huracán.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
River Plate
Argentina Primera Division: 2014 Final
Copa Sudamericana: 2014
Recopa Sudamericana: 2015
Copa Libertadores: 2015
References
External links
Ariel Rojas – Argentine Primera statistics at Fútbol XXI
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Buenos Aires Province
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Argentine Primera División players
Liga MX players
Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield footballers
Godoy Cruz Antonio Tomba footballers
Cruz Azul footballers
Club Atlético River Plate footballers
San Lorenzo de Almagro footballers
Atlético Tucumán footballers
Central Córdoba de Santiago del Estero footballers
Club Atlético Belgrano footballers
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Uçarı, Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
The women's long jump event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 22 and 23 August.
Medalists
Results
Final
23 August
Qualifications
22 Aug
Group A
Group B
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 24 athletes from 19 countries participated in the event.
References
Long jump
Long jump at the World Athletics U20 Championships
This is a list of electricity-generating power stations in the U.S. state of Wisconsin, sorted by type and name. In 2019, Wisconsin had a total summer capacity of 15,312 MW through all of its power plants, and a net generation of 66,774 GWh. The corresponding electrical energy generation mix in 2021 was 41.8% coal, 33.8% natural gas, 15.2% nuclear, 3.8% hydroelectric, 2.5% wind, 1.7% biomass (including refuse-derived fuel), solar (0.9%), and Petroleum (0.3%).
The Fox River powered the world's first commercial hydroelectric central power station, the Vulcan Street Plant, during 1882 to 1891. An exact replica of the plant, designated as a National Historic Engineering Landmark, is located near the original site in Appleton. Wisconsin also has the nation's oldest (since 1891) continuously operating hydroelectric facility in Whiting according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
During the first half of the 20th century, Wisconsin's utility companies pioneered efficiency improvements for coal-fired electricity generation at the former East Wells (Onieda) Street Power Plant, and former Port Washington Power Plant. Nuclear power has generated Wisconsin's largest share of carbon-free electrical energy since 1970. Natural gas generation has nearly quadrupled over the past decade to replace retiring facilities and satisfy rising demand.
Nuclear power stations
Retired facilities:
Kewaunee Nuclear Generating Station - 556 MW: operated 1974-2013
La Crosse Boiling Water Reactor - 50 MW: operated 1969-1987
Fossil-fuel power stations
Data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration serves as a general reference.
Coal-fired
Natural gas-fired
Petroleum-fired
Renewable power stations
Data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration serves as a general reference.
Renew Wisconsin maintains additional data on the state's renewable generation resources.
Biomass & Refuse
Hydroelectric
WE Energies operates 13 hydro facilities, totaling 89 MW.
Alliant Energy operates 2 hydro facilities, maxing out at 31 MW.
Wind
Solar
References
External links
http://www.eia.doe.gov/cneaf/electricity/st_profiles/wisconsin.pdf
https://web.archive.org/web/20101229213558/http://tonto.eia.doe.gov/state/state_energy_profiles.cfm?sid=WI
Wisconsin
Lists of buildings and structures in Wisconsin
Myles Martel is an American communication adviser specializing in leadership. They have had a mainly political and corporate client base since 1969, after founding the firm Martel and Associates, where they remain president and CEO.
Early life
Martel spent their childhood years in Gardiner, Maine, but now resides in Gulf Stream, FL and Cape May, NJ.
Education
They hold a B.A. from The University of Connecticut (1965) as well as a master's degree and Ph.D. from Temple University (1974).
Career
Early in their career, Martel served on the faculty of West Chester University, rising to full professor. As debate coach there, their team won the Pennsylvania state college championship in 1970.
In 1980, Martel came to national prominence as Ronald Reagan's personal debate adviser, at which time they coached the former president for their televised debates against John Anderson and incumbent Jimmy Carter.
They have advised Fortune 500 CEOs, celebrities and political leaders including more than 40 senators, members of congress, ambassadors, governors and presidential cabinet members.
Published works
Martel has published six books: Leadership Legacies: Words to Enlighten, Persuade and Inspire, Before You Say A Word, Political Campaign Debates, Mastering the Art of Q & A, The Persuasive Edge, and Fire Away! Fielding Tough Questions with Finesse. They have written numerous articles that have been featured in a host of business and academic journals.
Martel's expertise has resulted in wide media exposure on programs including ABC World News, Nightline, and CBS This Morning. Their views have been quoted in The Wall Street Journal, Directors & Boards, Harper's, U.S. News & World Report, USA Today and The New York Times.
Honors
Martel has received numerous honors, including the George Washington Honor Medal from the Freedoms Foundation. The University of Connecticut presented them with their Distinguished Alumni Award for Outstanding Professional Achievement, and they were inducted into Temple University's School of Communication and Theater Hall of Fame. Martel delivered the Andrew W. Mellon Fund Lecture at Oxford University.
Martel was awarded the 2013 University of Connecticut (UConn) Alumni Association University Service Award "in recognition of volunteer efforts that have enriched the depth and stature of UConn."
Community involvement
Martel served on the Board of Directors of the University of Connecticut Alumni Association and chaired the Advisory Board of its College of Liberal Arts and Sciences.  They are on the graduate faculty at Temple University.
Lecture series at both the University of Connecticut and Temple University were created in their name.
In 2007, Martel initiated and led a University of Connecticut Alumni Association project to build a memorial honoring the university's students who have died while serving the United States during wartime. "The Ultimate Sacrifice Memorial" was completed in 2008 and stands on the college's main campus in Storrs, CT.
In 2013 to celebrate the 150th anniversary of Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg Address, Martel chairs the "In Lincoln's Footsteps" speech contest.
References
External links
MartelAndAssociates.com
The Ultimate Sacrifice Memorial at The University of Connecticut (UConn)
Philadelphia Inquirer/Philly.com "Civility, by and for the people" by Myles Martel
University of Connecticut alumni
Temple University alumni
1943 births
People from Augusta, Maine
American political consultants
Living people
West Chester University faculty
People from Gardiner, Maine
People from Cape May, New Jersey
People from Gulf Stream, Florida
Kompakt: Total 1 or Total 1 was released on 30 July 1999. The album is the first installment of the influential Cologne-based microhouse label's annual compilation of vinyl releases and exclusives from its biggest artists and most promising newcomers. Vinyl and CD editions are quite different since only six songs are included on both formats. All tracks on the vinyl edition are previously unreleased.
Track listing : Vinyl Edition
A1 Dettinger – "Infarkt" (5:09)
A2 Reinhard Voigt – "Tod Eines Hippiemädchens" (4:29)
A3 T.Raumschmiere – "Ost-Strom" (5:30)
B1 Salz – "Salz 2.1" (5:24)
B2 Andreas Oster – "Surf´s Up" (6:11)
C1 Jürgen Paape – "How Great Thou Art" (5:31)
C2 Tobin – "Reis 1" (4:15)
C3 Mathias Schaffhäuser – "Some Kind Of" (6:01)
D1 Super-8 – "Episode 1" (6:24)
D2 Thomas/Mayer – "Total Confusion" (6:43)
Tracks B2, C2, D1 and D2 are exclusive to vinyl version.
Track listing : CD Edition
Jürgen Paape – "How Great Thou Art" (5:31)
Salz – "Salz 2.1" (5:24)
Benjamin Wild – "Kronberg" (6:20)
Schaeben & Voss – "Dicht Dran" (4:26)
M. Mayer – "17 & 4" (6:38)
T.Raumschmiere – "Ost-Strom" (5:30)
Dettinger – "Infarkt" (5:09)
Reinhard Voigt – "Tod Eines Hippiemädchens" (4:29)
Joachim Spieth – "Abi '99" (4:18)
Jürgen Paape – "Triumph" (6:04)
Mathias Schaffhäuser – "Some Kind Of" (6:01)
M. Mayer – "Heaven" (6:17)
Dettinger – "Blond" (6:19)
Seven of the tracks on the CD are taken from previously released 12 inch vinyls originally released on Kompakt or sub-labels (catalogue number in parentheses): #3 (KOM8); #4 (KOM7); #5 (KOM4); #9 (KOM5); #10 (KOM1); #12 (nta015); #13 (KOM2).
External links
1999 compilation albums
Kompakt compilation albums
Microhouse albums
Record label compilation albums
Chem may refer to:
Chemistry
Chemical
Chem (journal), a scientific journal published by Cell Press
Post apocalyptic slang for "drugs", medicinal or otherwise in the Fallout video game series.
In Ancient Egyptian usage:
Khem (also spelt Chem), the Egyptian word for "black"
Min (god), in the past erroneously named Khem
CHEM may refer to :
A metabolic panel: for instance, CHEM-7, which is the basic metabolic panel
CHEM-DT, a Canadian television channel
See also
Chemo (disambiguation)
Kemi, a place in Finland
Long's Bakery is a bakery specializing in donuts in the Haughville neighborhood of Indianapolis, Indiana, in the United States, with a second location in Southport, Indiana.
History
Long's was founded in 1951 in Haughville. A second location in Southport, Indiana, just south of Indianapolis, opened in 1987.
Both locations open at 5:30 AM daily and are cash only.
In 2020, Indianapolis rapper Tevin Studdard released a song called "Long's Bakery Music Video" during which they rap about eating Long's donuts. The video has had over 390,000 views on YouTube. That same year David Letterman received the Bill McGowan Leadership Award in Indianapolis. During the award event, they tossed Long's donuts into the audience.
Cuisine
The bakery specializes in donuts. Their most popular is a glazed yeast donut, in which up to 20 people will wait in line for on Saturday mornings. They also produce apple cinnamon frys, apple fritters, Long Johns, and cake donuts.
Reception
Long's has been named one of the best donut shops in the United States by Thrillist and one of the best eating establishments in Indianapolis by Eater. It's also consistently named one of the best donut shops in Indiana and Indianapolis by local media, including the Indianapolis Star. It has been called one of the "essential eats" of Indianapolis by Indianapolis Monthly.
The original location is situated just 1 miles east of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. For decades it has been a popular establishment with both fans and participants at the Indianapolis 500.
See also
List of doughnut shops
List of attractions and events in Indianapolis
References
External links
1951 establishments in Indiana
Doughnut shops in the United States
Companies based in Indianapolis
Tourist attractions in Indianapolis
Culture of Indianapolis
The 1986 Hillingdon Council election took place on 8 May 1986 to elect members of Hillingdon London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the council went into no overall control.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1986
1986 London Borough council elections
Tribes: Ascend is a free-to-play first-person shooter developed and published by Hi-Rez Studios for Microsoft Windows, as part of the Tribes series. Aspects from previous Tribes games such as jetpacks and skiing are featured in the game. The game was released on April 12, 2012. In February 2013, Hi-Rez released a Game of the Year Edition, which unlocked all classes, weapons, equipment, and perks in a single package. In July 2013, Hi-Rez halted further development on Tribes: Ascend to focus on other titles, though a small team resumed development in August 2015. In December 2015, Hi-Rez Studios announced a patch for the game which introduced major changes. Due to the nature of the patch, the company reverted all previous in-game purchases.
Gameplay
Loadouts and Classes
Tribes: Ascend features a class-based loadout system. Each loadout specifies what type of armor the player has, along with what weapons and items they carry. Each loadout supports two in-hand weapons, a set of belt items such as grenades or mines and a pack. There are three possible sizes of armor to choose: light, medium and heavy, with three loadouts in each weight group (for a total of nine). Players can select which loadout to use either when first joining a game, respawning, or at an inventory station. Loadouts may be acquired either through an upfront payment, or through playing the game and earning experience points, which can be used to purchase classes, weapons, perks, and upgrades. Paid-for loadouts are available to the user immediately, while those who unlock them through playtime have a much longer wait. Upgrades to armor, weapons and perks are unlocked based on how many players use them in-game, but can also be purchased by experience points. Players are given three free classes: the Pathfinder, Soldier, and Juggernaut, when they first start playing the game, each wearing light, medium and heavy armor respectively.
Hi-Rez also sells cosmetic items such as player skins, along with boosters that allow players to gain experience points at a faster rate. Players earn in-match credits during matches for killing enemies, repairing structures or capturing objectives. Credits are then used to buy vehicles, supply drops, Tactical and Orbital strikes and base upgrades.
On February 22, 2012, the game entered open beta. Arena 5v5 was added and Rabbit was disabled during this phase of the beta, though would later return as a private server option.
Game modes and maps
Hi-Rez Studios released Capture the Flag, Team Deathmatch, Rabbit (only available in private servers), Arena, and Capture & Hold game modes. While some maps have retained the classic nature of the Tribes franchise with large open areas and base structures, others have a more urban feel to them, featuring buildings and streets. The map Katabatic, which originally appeared in Tribes 2, has been remade in Tribes: Ascend, along with a revamped version of Broadside called Crossfire.
Ranking system
The ranking system is a vanity reward for players and also serves a functional purpose for the in-game queue system. Each level of a rank has a unique rank title and insignia. Players begin as a rank 1 ("Recruit") and earn ranks as they play the game. Each players' current rank insignia is displayed next to their name on the in-game scoreboard. Rank title and insignia are shown to an enemy player that the player has recently killed (displayed on the kill-cam screen). A summary report of rank experience earned is displayed on the post-match scoreboard screen at the end of each map. An experience bar is also displayed and grows in a horizontal direction as rank experience accrues.
Reception
Tribes: Ascend was met with positive reception, with IGN giving the game a 9/10. It has a Metacritic rating of 86.
References
External links
Steam listing (official website unavailable)
2012 video games
Cancelled Xbox 360 games
First-person shooters
Free-to-play video games
Tribes (video game series)
Unreal Engine games
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Windows-only games
Kealey Ice Rise is an ice rise, long and wide, forming a western lobe of the larger Fowler Ice Rise. It is situated just north of the junction of Talutis Inlet and Carlson Inlet, at the southwest side of the Ronne Ice Shelf. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from imagery provided by the NASA Earth Resources Technology Satellite (ERTS-1), 1973–74, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Gerald P. Kealey, U.S. Navy, medical officer at South Pole Station in 1971.
References
Bodies of ice of Ellsworth Land
Filchner-Ronne Ice Shelf
Ice rises of Queen Elizabeth Land
{{Infobox person
| name = Alistair Bunkall
| birth_name = Alistair Edward Julian Bunkall <ref name=BMD>'Births, Marriages & Deaths Index of England & Wales confirms name and birthdate and lists birthplace as Bristol. Publisher: General Register Office. Retrieved: 27 April 2021.</ref>
| birth_place = Bristol
| birth_date =
| nationality = British
| education = Sherborne School, Dorset
| alma_mater = University of BristolCity University, London
| occupation = Journalist and TV News Correspondent
| employer = Sky News
| notable_works = Off the Record with Alistair Bunkall (podcast)
| title = Middle East Correspondent of Sky News
}}
Alistair Edward Julian Bunkall (born 1982, Bristol), is a British journalist, currently working as Middle East Correspondent for Sky News, the 24-hour television news service operated by Sky UK. They have occupied this position since July 2021. Alistair was previously Defence and Security Correspondent for seven years and reported from many conflicts around the world including Afghanistan, Yemen and the Islamic State insurgency in Iraq.
Early life and education
Bunkall was born in Bristol in February 1982, and grew up in the village of Buckland Newton in north Dorset in South West England.
Bunkall was educated at Sherborne School, a boarding independent school for boys, in the market town of Sherborne in Dorset in South West England, followed by the University of Bristol in the city of Bristol, also in South West England. They took a Post Graduate Degree at the City University in Central London, in 2004.
Life and career
Bunkall is an experienced foreign correspondent, having reported from more than 30 countries during their career with Sky News, including the conflicts in Ukraine, Syria, Iraq, Yemen, Afghanistan, Gaza and West Bank.
 They are also one of few western journalists to have reported from North Korea
After leaving Sherborne School, Bunkall gained work experience at the Dorset Echo, a local daily newspaper. While still at the University of Bristol, they worked for BBC Radio Bristol and BBC Somerset Sound. After completing their Post Graduate Degree at City University in London in 2004, they joined BBC News, and reported for the BBC One O'Clock News. They wen onto work in two ITV regions, initially as a Sports Correspondent: ITV Central and ITV Thames Valley, and for the CKNW radio station in the city of Vancouver in British Columbia, on the West Coast of Canada.
Bunkall joined Sky News as a general news reporter in 2007. They have held various positions at the channel including as Business Correspondent and Political Correspondent.
They have also reported from Sudan in the run-up to the crucial elections leading up to Independence, and on the Norwegian twin terror attacks in early 2011.
Bunkall also reported from Denmark after the attempted assassination of a Danish cartoonist.
In 2014 they were deployed to the Philippines in the aftermath of Typhoon Haiyan to report on the multi-national humanitarian relief effort.
They became Sky News Defence Correspondent in December 2012. They have reported on the conflicts in Afghanistan, Iraq, Yemen and South Sudan. They have also reported from North Korea and is known for their access into some of the UK's most secretive establishments including the nuclear deterrent, covert drone base and intelligence agencies.
Bunkall has interviewed key world figures including Prime Ministers, NATO Secretary Generals, leading diplomats and military officers.
Since July 2019, Bunkall has run an independent podcast series, titled "Off The Record with Alistair Bunkall"'', where they interview "some of the world's great leaders". Recent high-profile interviews include Sir Alex Younger, former Head of MI6.
Personal life
Bunkall is married to Kate. They live in the Middle East with their two children.
References
1982 births
Alumni of City, University of London
Alumni of the University of Bristol
Living people
People educated at Sherborne School
Journalists from Bristol
People from Dorset
Sky News newsreaders and journalists
The Fuccons is a Japanese sketch comedy series produced by Yoshimasa Ishibashi centered on the family of the same name, consisting of American expatriates James and Barbara Fuccon with their son, Mikey, who are played by mannequins. The series originated as a recurring segment in Ishibashi's sketch comedy show, Vermilion Pleasure Night, under the title The Fuccon Family, which aired on TV Tokyo. The segments were followed up with The Fuccon Family Part 2 and New Fuccon Family.
A film titled The Color of Life compiling skits from Vermilion Pleasure Night was released in 2001, which also contained alternate cuts and endings to The Fuccon Family. A DVD compiling The Fuccon Family was later released on January 24, 2004.
Beginning on January 6, 2002, the series received its own late night time slot and retitled Oh! Mikey. It ran for a total of eight seasons until 2005. Afterwards, several sketches that never made it to television broadcast were released direct-to-DVD, beginning with Oh! Mikey Hard Core in 2005.
In 2004, the episodes "A Family Crisis", "The Lady Tutor", and "Mikey's Grandparents" were dubbed in English for the 54th Berlin International Film Festival, which were later released with the limited version of Oh! Mikey Hard Core. In the same year, along with Vermilion Pleasure Night, ADV Films licensed the first four seasons for North American distribution with a new English dub produced, releasing the series under the title The Fuccons. The English dub was broadcast on Anime Network, as well as a recurring segment on G4's Late Night Peepshow on G4.
ADV Films released the first 8 episodes as The Fuccons Vol. 0: Meet the Fuccons on December 20, 2005. 17 episodes were later released as The Fuccons Vol. 1: OH! Mikey on February 28, 2006. 18 episodes were released as The Fuccons Vol. 2: It's a Fuccon World! on April 25, 2006. 17 episodes were released as The Fuccons Vol. 3: Fuccon! Fuccon! Fuccon! on July 11, 2006. A compilation of vols. 1-3 were released as The Fuccons: The Whole Fuccon Show! on December 9, 2008.
Series overview
Episodes
Vermilion Pleasure Night sketches
is a recurring segment in the 2000 sketch comedy show Vermilion Pleasure Night. After the first part ended, it was then followed up by and . A DVD compiling The Fuccon Family was later released on January 24, 2004. In North America, the sketches were made available in English after ADV Films licensed Vermilion Pleasure Night, releasing the first volume in 2006.
The Fuccon Family (2000)
{{Episode table|overall= | series= | title= | titleR={{efn|name=fucconfamily title|All English episode titles were taken from Vermilion Pleasure Night'''s official website and ADV Films.}} | director= | writer= | airdate= | country=Japan| episodes=
}}
The Fuccon Family Part 2 (2000)
New Fuccon Family (2000)
Season 1 (2002)
The first season, titled Oh! Mikey 1st in Japan, was broadcast from January 6, 2002, to March 31, 2002, on TV Tokyo for 13 episodes. It was later released on DVD on December 11, 2002, by Avex Trax. In North America, a Region 1 DVD with seasons 1 and 2 was released on February 28, 2006, under the title The Fuccons Vol. 1: Oh! Mikey.
Season 2 (2002)
The second season, titled Oh! Mikey 2nd in Japan, was broadcast from April 2, 2002, to June 25, 2002, on TV Tokyo for 13 episodes. In North America, a Region 1 DVD with seasons 1 and 2 was released on February 28, 2006, under the title The Fuccons Vol. 1: Oh! Mikey.
Season 3 (2002)
The third season, titled Oh! Mikey 3rd in Japan, was broadcast from July 2, 2002, to September 24, 2002, on TV Tokyo for 13 episodes.
Season 4 (2002)
The fourth season, titled Oh! Mikey 4th in Japan, was broadcast from October 1, 2002, to December 24, 2002, on TV Tokyo for 13 episodes. It was later released on DVD on July 19, 2003.
Season 5 (2003)
The fifth season, titled Oh! Mikey 5th in Japan, was broadcast beginning July 5, 2003 to September 27, 2003, on TV Tokyo for 13 episodes. It was later released on DVD on July 7, 2004.
Season 6 (2004)
The sixth season, titled Oh! Mikey 6th in Japan, was broadcast beginning April 3, 2004 to June 26, 2004, on TV Tokyo, TV Setouchi, TV Aichi, TV Osaka, TV Hokkaido, and TVQ Kyushu for 13 episodes. A DVD compiling the episodes was released on December 3, 2004.
Season 7 (2005)
The seventh season, titled Oh! Mikey 8th in Japan, was broadcast from January 13, 2005, to April 6, 2005, on TV Tokyo for 13 episodes. It was later released on DVD on April 29, 2005.
Season 8 (2005)
The eighth season, titled Oh! Mikey 8th in Japan, was broadcast from April 11, 2005, to July 11, 2005, on TV Tokyo for 12 episodes. It was later released on DVD on December 3, 2005.
Hard Core (2005)Oh! Mikey Hard Core was released direct-to-DVD on August 26, 2005.
Extra (2006)Oh! Mikey Extra was released direct-to-DVD on August 25, 2006.
Fever (2007)
A film titled Oh! Mikey Fever premiered through a limited theater screening in Tokyo and Osaka on December 1, 2007. It was later released on DVD on February 22, 2008.
Romance (2010)Oh! Mikey Romance'' was released direct-to-DVD on December 3, 2010, to celebrate the series' 10th anniversary.
Notes
References
Fuccons, The
Lists of Japanese television series episodes
Peter Garrett Athas (September 15, 1946 – June 28, 2015) was an American football cornerback who played six seasons in the National Football League for the New York Giants, Cleveland Browns, Minnesota Vikings and the New Orleans Saints. They played college football at the University of Tennessee.
Early years
Athas attended Miami Edison High School, before they walked on to the University of Tennessee.
They would never letter in football with the Volunteers, after playing in just 2 games for the first-year student team (freshmen weren't eligible until 1972) and dropping out of college. They also attended Miami-Dade Junior College.
Professional career
Orlando Panthers (COFL)
In 1968, Athas was signed by the Orlando Panthers of the Continental Football League. They were named the starter at cornerback, receiving All-Star honors after leading the league with a record 10 interceptions.
In 1969, they led the league again in interceptions with 9 (one returned for a touchdown). Counting also pre-season and post-season games, they posted a total of 27 interceptions in 34 games.
Dallas Cowboys
Entering the 1970 NFL draft, the Dallas Cowboys were looking to improve the talent level of their defensive backfield, so they proceeded to trade for All-Pro cornerback Herb Adderley and selected 5 defensive backs, with Athas being selected in the tenth round (257th) overall.
As a rookie, they were being tried out at free safety and was moving up the depth chart, until getting into a fight with teammate Reggie Rucker, which caused them a broken jaw and lost time because of the injury. They were waived before the start of the season.
Norfolk Neptunes (ACFL)
Athas signed with the Norfolk Neptunes of the Atlantic Coast Football League for their 1970 season.
New York Giants
Athas was signed as a free agent by the New York Giants in 1971, reuniting with defensive coordinator Jim Garrett, who was their head coach with the Orlando Panthers. They earned a starting role as a cornerback and a punt returner. They tied for the team lead in interceptions (4) in 1972 and led the team with 5 interceptions the next year. They were released on September 10, 1975.
Cleveland Browns
On September 18, 1975, they signed as a free agent with the Cleveland Browns. they were named the starter at free safety, until committing critical errors (two fumbled punts and an unsportsmanlike penalty) in a 23–7 loss against the Washington Redskins, which led to their surprising release on October 28.
Minnesota Vikings
Athas signed with the Minnesota Vikings after their release and was used as a reserve cornerback. They were cut before the start of the 1976 season.
New Orleans Saints
On September 15, 1976, the New Orleans Saints signed them as a free agent, to use them as a punt returner and reserve cornerback, after Clarence Chapman was injured. They finished with the second most punt returns (35) in team history at the time. They were waived on April 5, 1977.
Personal life
Athas resided in Miami, Florida, until their death from lymphoma on June 28, 2015.
References
1946 births
2015 deaths
Miami Edison Senior High School alumni
Players of American football from Miami
American football cornerbacks
Tennessee Volunteers football players
Miami Dade College alumni
New York Giants players
Cleveland Browns players
Minnesota Vikings players
New Orleans Saints players
Continental Football League players
Gary Dean Plummer (born February 21, 1962) is a retired American professional basketball player.
They played for Osborn High School in Detroit, Michigan, and Boston University. They were selected by the Golden State Warriors in the second round (45th overall) of the 1984 NBA Draft. A 6'9" forward-center, Plummer played in two NBA seasons. They played for the Warriors and Denver Nuggets.
In their NBA career, Plummer played in 126 games and scored a total of 531 points.
Before they quit playing basketball they played in Israel (first division), Italy (Brescia), Spain and Greece.
Plummer now runs the N Your Court (NYC) basketball camps and AAU programs.
links
Player Profile @ ACB.com
Player Profile stat @ Safsal.co.il (Hebrew)
1962 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Argentina
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Peru
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American men's basketball players
Baloncesto Málaga players
Basket Brescia Leonessa players
Basketball players from Detroit
Boston University Terriers men's basketball players
Centers (basketball)
Charleston Gunners players
Dafnis B.C. players
Denver Nuggets players
Elitzur Maccabi Netanya B.C. players
Golden State Warriors draft picks
Golden State Warriors players
Hapoel Holon players
Israeli Basketball Premier League players
Liga ACB players
Pallacanestro Virtus Roma players
People from Highland Park, Michigan
Power forwards (basketball)
Quilmes de Mar del Plata basketball players
Rapid City Thrillers players
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Gaumul () is the newly formed rural municipality in Bajura District in the Sudurpashchim Province of Nepal. It was formed in March 2017, when Government of Nepal announced 744 local level units in line with the Constitution of Nepal 2015. It lies to the north west of Martadi.
History
It is formed by merging previous 2 VDCs named Dahakot and Manakot along with ward no. 1 of Badimalika Municipality.
Gaumul Rural Municipality has an area of and the population of this municipality is 8,515. It is the second biggest rural municipality in terms of area and smallest on the basis population. It is divided into 6 wards and the headquarters of this newly formed municipality is situated at Manakot. The name of this rural municipality is derived after the place called Gaumul which is the origin place of river Budhi Ganga River.
This rural municipality is famous for Potato and Allo production. It is also rich for medicinal herbs. Medicinal herbs such as Picrorhiza kurroa or कुटकी, Yarshagumba, Shilajit, Nardostachys jatamansi etc. are found here.
References
Rural municipalities in Bajura District
Bajura District
Rural municipalities of Nepal established in 2017
Khin Maung Myint () was the Minister for Construction of Myanmar (Burma).  They are a retired Major General in the Myanmar Army. They resigned on 28 August 2012.
References
Government ministers of Myanmar
Burmese military personnel
People from Sagaing Region
1951 births
Living people
Defence Services Academy alumni
Burmese generals
Union Solidarity and Development Party politicians
Members of Pyithu Hluttaw
Gas Huffin' Bad Gals! is a 2000 film written by and starring Bradford Scobie. It was accepted into the Cannes Film Festival, the New York Underground Film Festival, the Outfest festival in Los Angeles, and was broadcast in England by BBC television. It was not shown in the rest of the United Kingdom.
References
External links
2000 films
2000 short films
American black-and-white films
2000s English-language films
Albert Grunow (3 November 1826, Berlin – 17 March 1914, Berndorf, Lower Austria) was a German-Austrian chemist and phycologist. They specialized in the study of diatoms.
From 1851 they worked as a chemist in a metal works factory in Berndorf. In 1857-59 they participated in the Austrian "Novara Expedition", and was tasked with analysis of its algal collections. Also, they served as a collector, preparator and determiner of specimens towards the development of Gottlob Ludwig Rabenhorst's diatom exsiccatae.
In 1901 they donated their collection of extant and fossil diatoms to the Natural History Museum of Vienna. They were a corresponding member of the Geologischen Reichsanstalt.
Selected works
Diatomaceen, Familie Navuculaceen, 1860 - Diatomaceae, family Naviculaceae.
Ueber neue oder ungenügend gekannte Algen, 1860 - On new or largely unknown algae.
Die Österreichischen Diatomaceen, etc. 1862 - Diatomaceae of Austria.
Reise seiner Majestät Fregatte Novara um die Erde : Botanischer Theil. I Band, Algen, 1867 - Journey of the frigate Novara and its circumnavigation of the Earth.
"New diatoms from Honduras"; published in English (1877).
Beiträge zur Kenntniss der fossilen Diatomeen Österreich-Ungarns, 1882 - Contribution to the understanding of fossil diatoms of Austria-Hungary.
Die Diatomeen von Franz Josefs-Land, 1884 - Diatoms from Franz Josef Land.
"Additamenta ad cognitionem Sargassorum", 1913.
References
External links
1826 births
1914 deaths
19th-century Austrian botanists
Phycologists
Scientists from Berlin
Islamia Government College is a government owned college in Sirajganj, Bangladesh.
References
Colleges in Sirajganj District
Education in Sirajgonj
Sirajganj Sadar Upazila
Canaan Baptist Church is a historic church at 824 Fifteenth Street North in Bessemer, Alabama. Built in 1961, it had a congregation active in the Civil Rights Movement of the 20th century and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
Established in 1865 by Reverend W. M. Grimes, a white minister, Canaan Baptist is among the oldest African-American Baptist congregations in Bessemer. Many of its congregation had belonged to the white-dominated Canaan Baptist Church before the American Civil War but, with freedom, wanted to have an independent congregation. Southern African-American congregations soon set up state Baptist associations, aided by churches in the Midwest, and eventually the National Baptist Convention (which split in the 20th century). The "white" Canaan Baptist church also still operates in Bessemer as part of the Southern Baptist Convention.
Canaan Baptist Church in Bessemer was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005 for its role as a locally significant property and key strategy center in the city during the Civil Rights Movement in the Birmingham area from the early to mid-1960s.
The African-American congregation of Canaan Baptist has occupied this lot in downtown Bessemer since 1889. The first church building on the current lot, at the corner of 9th Avenue and 15th Street, was opened in 1940 during the ministry of Reverend E. L. Plant. It was completed until 1947. The following year the Reverend Dr. J. H. Browder became the minister of Canaan Baptist Church. The present church building, constructed in 1961, is the second on the lot and was built under the direction of Rev. Browder, with George Wilson of Selma, Alabama, as the contractor.
Role in the Civil Rights Movement
Under the leadership of Reverend Dr. J. H. Browder, who was pastor of Canaan Baptist from 1948 until their death in March 1964, the congregation was active in the civil rights movement. Reverend Browder significantly expanded the public outreach and service of the church. They improved church administration and greatly expanded educational programs, establishing a youth department and educational department, a Christian Aid Union, a Sunday School program, and a Matrons Department.
They also are active, along with other members of the congregation, in the Alabama Christian Movement for Human Rights in the late 1950s. Rev. Browder and Canaan Baptist gained a reputation locally for being a strong voice for equal rights, voting rights, and public desegregation at a time when African Americans were segregated by law and custom. They had been effectively disenfranchised under the state constitution since the late 19th century. Rev. Browder preached equality and fairness from the pulpit every Sunday. They strongly supported local efforts to desegregate schools after the United States Supreme Court's ruling in Brown v. Board of Education (1954) that segregation of public schools was unconstitutional as a denial of due process and equal rights.
Due to its public positions during the early civil rights period, the members of Canaan attracted considerable attention from white officials. In 1959, the City of Bessemer abruptly condemned the church's building, which had been first built in 1889 and expanded in 1908. The twin-tower church was an African-American landmark within Bessemer and the congregation had ensured that it received numerous updates and improvements during the Browder years to keep it safe and comfortable.
But, in 1958 two other black churches in the city had been destroyed by fires, which city officials claimed resulted from construction and wiring deficiencies. (Local African Americans believed that the fires were not accidental, as bombings of black churches and ministers' homes by KKK chapters was prevalent during these years in Birmingham and had already occurred in Bessemer. On April 28, 1957, the Allen Temple AME Church, at Ninth Avenue and 22nd Street, suffered a dynamite blast at the rear of the church during an evening service. There were no fatalities.)
The city government condemned the historic building of Canaan Baptist as unsafe. The congregation was forced to build a new one-story contemporary brick structure in 1960–61.
Rev. Browder made this an opportunity to expand the church's vital role in providing social and educational services for African Americans in Bessemer. For example, the segregated African-American public schools in Bessemer were not funded to support a kindergarten for black children. Rev. Browder organized a kindergarten for local children, which met in the basement of the 1961 church building. The new building, with its basement meeting rooms and the large sanctuary, became a strategy center for the congregation. It discussed and planned its role in such pivotal events in the greater Birmingham area as the Selective Buying Campaign of 1962, by which black residents boycotted stores that discriminated against them; the Southern Christian Leadership Conference in Birmingham in 1962, and the Project C ("Confrontation") demonstrations of 1963, intended to fill the jails with civil rights protesters in Birmingham and Bessemer.
After Rev. Browder's death in 1964, Rev. A. L. Bratcher became the minister. They led the church into a significant local role in implementing aspects of the civil rights movement in Bessemer. Reverend Bratcher helped the church become involved in the federal War on Poverty through using the Economic Opportunity Act of 1964. Through the creation of a Community Action Agency headquartered at the church, the congregation in 1964 established a Community Development Credit Union (CDCU), which still operates from the church in the 21st century. The Canaan Baptist CDCU was one of the first developed in the nation; it was eventually part of a national program of approximately 400 credit unions created between 1965 and 1973. It provided equal opportunity loans to local residents, who otherwise were discriminated against by local banks for the purchases of houses and the development of local businesses. The Community Action Agency also worked with congregation members and local residents on implementing the federal legislation of the Civil Rights Act and the Voting Rights Act.
Rev. Horace P. Turner became pastor at Canaan Baptist in December 1969 and continued as pastor to the end of the century. Under their leadership, the congregation built the educational annex in 1984, which provided new office space for the church's religious and social programs.
The Canaan Baptist Church is considered a locally significant strategy center for church buildings as part of Birmingham's Civil Rights Movement, 1933–1979.
References
Baptist churches in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Jefferson County, Alabama
Churches completed in 1961
Bessemer, Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
Churches in Jefferson County, Alabama
Yuri Ivanovich Chesnokov (; 25 January 1952 – 21 November 1999) was a Soviet football player.
Honours
Grigory Fedotov Club member.
International career
Chesnokov made their debut for USSR on 28 November 1976 in a friendly against Argentina. They played in UEFA Euro 1980 qualifiers (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament).
External links
Profile
1952 births
1999 deaths
People from Kimry
Russian footballers
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Soviet Top League players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Tver Oblast
Cotherstone Moor is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Teesdale district in south-west County Durham, England. It is an extensive area of moorland which extends almost the entire length of Baldersdale, from the confluence of the River Balder with the Tees at Cotherstone. It runs parallel to Bowes Moor SSSI, which lies a short distance to the south.
The area includes a variety of upland vegetation types, much of it blanket bog, including one area that is found nowhere else in County Durham and which is unusual for being transitional between northern upland and lowland bogs. Other habitats include dry heath, acid grassland, flushes, and rock and block scree.
The area supports breeding populations of a number of species of birds that are listed in the United Kingdom's Red Data Book (Birds), including four that are listed in Annex 1 of the European Commission's Birds Directive as requiring special protection.
The Pennine Way National Trail passes through the area.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
Moorlands of England
Neapalese Sikhs first entered Nepal in the 18th century. Today, there is a small community of Sikhs living in Nepal, totaling around 609 people according to the 2011 census and confirmed by MOFA(Ministry Of Foreign Affairs) Nepal.
Background
Guru Nanak Dev, the founder of Sikhism, spent more than a year meditating on a site now known as Nanak Math, located in Balaju, Kathmandu. It is believed that Guru Nanak visited the math in 1516.
Following conflict with the British East India Company, Maharani Jind Kaur, the youngest wife of Maharaja Ranjit Singh, managed to escape from the Punjab disguised as a servant girl and came to Nepal via Nepalgunj on 29 April, 1849. The Nepalese government gave them shelter. Later, they went to London, but those Sikhs who remained in Nepal started their livelihood there. A few Nepalgunj territories near the Indian border are still called Shikhhanpurwa, Jamunaha and Bankatwa.
See also
Sikh diaspora
Sikhism by country
References
External links
Nepal
Religion in Nepal
Nep
Ward's trogon (Harpactes wardi) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae. Its range includes the northeastern parts of the Indian subcontinent stretching eastwards to Southeast Asia. It is found in Bhutan, India, Tibet, and Myanmar. It also has a disjunct population in northern Vietnam, but there are no recent records from there. Its natural habitats are temperate forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Its common name and Latin binomial commemorate the English botanist and explorer Francis Kingdon-Ward.
Description
Ward's trogon measures in length and weighs . The male have a pink-red breast, belly, undertail and forehead and the chest, back and wings and uppertail are dark slate with a maroon wash. The tip of the bill is deep red. The plumage of the female matches the male but the red is replaced with yellow and the dark parts are dark olive. The female's beak tip is yellow, and both sexes have a blue ring around the eye.
Distribution and habitat
Ward's trogon ranges from Bhutan and Arunachal in North Eastern India and into northern and eastern Myanmar and southern China (in western Yunnan). A disjunct population was reported to be common in Fan Si Pan in Vietnam in 1939, but there are no modern records of that species there. The species is generally montane, usually occurring between but occasionally coming down as low as . There is some evidence that it moves to lower altitudes in winter.
The preferred habitat of Ward's trogon is subtropical hill forest dominated by Quercus and Castanopis and temperate broadleaf evergreen forest. Within these forests it is found in the understory, undergrowth and within bamboo stands.
The species is not a common one, although it can be locally common in some locations. It was treated as vulnerable by the IUCN in the 1990s, but secure populations have been found in Bhutan, so it is presently listed as near-threatened.
Behaviour
Little is known about the behaviour of Ward's trogon. It feeds on insects, including moths, stick-insects, grasshoppers and bugs, as well as large seeds. Its nests have not been found or described, but birds in breeding condition have been found in March and April.
References
Ward's trogon
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Yunnan
Ward's trogon
Ward's trogon
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Aston is an English surname and occasionally a given name.
Some notable persons with the name:
Scientists
Sir Aston Webb (1849–1930), English architect and President of the Royal Academy (1919-1924)
Francis William Aston, Nobel prize winning chemist and physicist, and inventor of the mass spectrograph.
Bernard Aston (1871–1951), English chemist and botanist
Helen Isobel Aston (born 1934), Australian botanist and ornithologist
Mick Aston (1946–2013), British archaeologist
William George Aston (1841–1911), British consular official and Japanologist
In government
Sir Thomas Aston, 1st Baronet (1600-1646), English politician
Walter Aston (burgess) (c. 1606-1656), member of the Virginia House of Burgesses
Arthur Vincent Aston, official in the Malayan civil service
Aston Kajara, minister in Uganda
In sports
Alfred Aston, French footballer and manager
Bill Aston, British racing driver
Ferdie Aston, South African rugby player
Harry Aston (footballer, born 1855), English footballer
Harry Aston (footballer, born 1881), played for West Bromwich Albion and Walsall
Henry Hervey Aston (1759–1798), English cricketer
Jack Aston (1877-1934), English footballer
John Aston Sr., English footballer, father of Aston Jr.
John Aston Jr., English footballer
John Aston (cricketer), Irish cricketer
Karen Aston, American collegiate basketball player and coach
Ken Aston (1915-2001), English footballer
Mark Aston, British rugby player
Randolph Aston (1869-1930), English rugby player
Aston Croall, English rugby player
Aston Moore, Jamaican athlete
In music
Jay Aston, British singer, formerly with the pop group Bucks Fizz
Hugh Aston (c. 1485–1558)
Michael Aston, rock musician
Peter Aston (1938–2013), English composer and conductor
Aston "Family Man" Barrett, Jamaican musician
Aston Merrygold, British lead singer in JLS
Writers
Luise Aston (1814-1871), German writer and feminist
Tilly Aston (1873-1947), blind Australian writer and teacher
Aston Cockayne (1605–1684), well-known Cavalier and minor literary figure
Manny Aston, Australian writer and teacher
Constance Aston, seventeenth century English manuscript author and anthologist (later Constance Aston Fowler)
Elizabeth Aston, English author
In other fields
Arthur Aston (army officer) (1590-1649), professional soldier and supporter of Charles I in the English Civil War
Cawton Aston (active 1693 – 1733), English builder of spinets
Evelin Winifred Aston (1891–1975), English artist
Sam Aston, British child actor
English unisex given names
English-language surnames
English toponymic surnames
Dabao may refer to:
Da Bao, a large Chinese steamed bun
Places
Dabao, Hebei (), a town in Zhuolu County, Hebei
Dabao, Gansu (), a town in Kang County, Gansu
Dabao, Sichuan (), a town in Ebian Yi Autonomous County, Sichuan
Historical eras
Dabao (, 550–551), era name used by Emperor Jianwen of Liang
Dabao (, 958–971), era name used by Liu Chang (Southern Han)
Ernst Wasmuth Verlag GmbH & Co. is a publisher based in Tübingen, in southern Germany. The themes of architecture, archaeology, art and design are the key topics of the publishing house, which was established in Berlin in 1872.
History
On May 1, 1872 in Berlin, Ernst Wasmuth (1845-1897) opened a bookstore devoted to architecture, which they soon expanded into publishing. Some of the books they published became classics, including works by Hermann Muthesius and Frank Lloyd Wright. Early in the company history, Wasmuth began to publish two magazines, Der Städtebau (Urban development) and Architektur des XX. Jahrhunderts (Architecture of the 20th Century).
In 1875, Ernst Wasmuth's younger brother, Emil, entered the business. They died in 1894. In 1905 the company began to publish Georg Dehio's Handbook of German Art History (Der Dehio), which was issued annually to 1928. From 1913 to 1943 Emil Wasmuth's son Günther ran the business in Berlin. Günther Wasmuth founded Wasmuth's Monatshefte für Baukunst (Monthly Architectural Bulletins) in 1914, edited by city planner and author, Werner Hegemann. From 1919 to 1926, Gunther's brother, Ewald Wasmuth, also worked at the company. They left publishing to focus on their own pursuits as a philosopher and translator of such writers as Blaise Pascal.
The publishing house was completely destroyed in an Allied bombing raid in 1943, including the company archive. After World War II, Günther Wasmuth re-established the business in Tübingen while a Wasmuth Antiquarian business was opened in Berlin. The publisher continued to focus on the fields of architecture, art and archeology, to which it now added scientific works and illustrated books. Günther Wasmuth died in 1974. Ernst J. Wasmuth has been the managing director of the company since 1990.
In 1942, a branch of the company opened in Zurich under the name "Fretz & Wasmuth". The publisher produced books for the zones of occupation in Germany that could find no publisher at the time because their authors were discredited. That included, for example, the autobiography of Hans Bernd Gisevius, an avid leader of Nazi injustice, who later became a resistance member by its own account. The company prospects suffered in West Germany after 1945 to 1961 when new editions of earlier publications created larger readerships.
Wasmuth Portfolio
This was the American architect Frank Lloyd Wright's first publication anywhere in the world, as Wright had not published any of their work in their twenty previous years of activity in the United States. It contains plans and linework perspectives of buildings they designed between 1893 and 1909. It is thought that their book, published in German, had an influence on Dutch and German architects in the 1920s; a notable example is the work of the Modernist architect Willem Marinus Dudok.
Orbis Terrarum
Arguably one of its most enduring projects was its series of photo books published in the 1920s under the collective series name of Orbis Terrarum (The World). The company hired noted photographers to visit countries around the world and produced high quality reproductions of the finished products. The series was originally published in German (with German titles and introductory essays and with photo captions in English, French, German, Spanish and Italian). Many titles were later translated into English and French. The following list consists mostly of English language titles in this series and may be incomplete:
Book series
Bilderhefte des Deutschen Archäologischen Instituts Rom
Das Deutsche Bürgerhaus
Germanische Funde aus der Völkerwanderungszeit
Historische Städtebilder
Istanbuler Mitteilungen
Islamische Kunst im Mittelmeerraum
Kunstwissenschaftliche Schriften der Technischen Universität Berlin
Orbis Pictus (or: Orbis Pictus / Weltkunst-Bücherei)
Orbis Terrarum
Römische Forschungen der Bibliotheca Hertziana
Römisches Jahrbuch für Kunstgeschichte
Sonderheften der Berliner Architekturwelt
Tübinger Studien zur Archäologie und Kunstgeschichte
Wasmuths Werkkunst-Bücherei
Periodicals, journals
Atlantis: Länder, Völker, Reisen
Beiträge zur Bauwissenschaft
Berliner Architekturwelt: Zeitschrift für Baukunst, Malerei, Plastik und Kunstgewerbe der Gegenwart
Städtebau Monatshefte für Stadtbaukunst Städtisches Verkehrs- Park- und Siedlungswesen
Wasmuths Kunsthefte
Wasmuths Monatshefte für Baukunst
References
Sources
Eva-Maria Neubert, "100 years of publishing Ernst Wasmuth" in: stock sheets for the German Book Trade, vol. 28, 1972, p. 819f; with 1 facsimile
N.N., 125 Years Wasmuth. Catalog 9798 (= part of the library of the German Publishers & Booksellers Association e.V.), in: Company chronicle, P. III-XIV, as well as the main Wasmuth Publications from 1872 to 1997, p. XV XXVIII, Tübingen: Wasmuth, 1997
Roland Jaeger, "The countries of the earth in the image. The series Orbis Terrarum in publishing Ernst Wasmuth, Berlin, and in the Atlantis Verlag, Berlin/Zurich" in: Manfred Heiting, Roland Jaeger (eds.): Autopsy. German Photo-books 1918 to 1945. Volume 1.'' Steidl, Göttingen 2012, p. 98 131.
External links
Bauornamente der Neuzeit (Vol. 1 of 3, 1881) Kenneth Franzheim II Rare Books Room, William R. Jenkins Architecture and Art Library, University of Houston Digital Library.
Denkmäler Deutscher Renaissance (Vol. 1 of 8, 1883) Kenneth Franzheim II Rare Books Room, William R. Jenkins Architecture and Art Library, University of Houston Digital Library.
Barock und Rococo Architektur (Vol. 1, Part 1, 1892) Kenneth Franzheim II Rare Books Room, William R. Jenkins Architecture and Art Library, University of Houston Digital Library.
Book publishing companies of Germany
Publishing companies of Germany
Publishing companies established in 1872
1872 establishments in Germany
Seyed Hossein Mirfakhar is an Iranian politician and ambassador.
Seyed Hossein Mirfakhar, son of Haj Seyed Esmaeel, was born on April 21, 1952 in Tehran.  They are a graduate of political science from the National University of Iran, currently known as Shahid Beheshti University.
After the Islamic Revolution, in 1980 they joined the Political Directorate of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and after going through training in various fields, in 1981 during Ali Akbar Velayati's term as Minister of Foreign Affairs, they were appointed Head of the Consular Department (Personal Status and Registration) and served in this position until 1986. In the same year, Mirfakhar was appointed as the Ambassador of the Islamic Republic of Iran in Indonesia. During their ambassadorship to Indonesia, they were the source of outstanding services regarding cultural development. After returning to Iran in 1990, they were appointed Director General of Political Affairs in South East Asian Region until 1994 when they headed to Beijing with dual accreditation: as the Ambassador of Islamic Republic of Iran in the People's Republic of China and Republic of Mongolia.
After returning from China in 1998, during Seyed Kamal Kharazi's term as the minister, Mirfakhar was appointed Director General for Administrative Affairs and with the minister's recommendation, they worked on the revival and implementation of the Internal Regulation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and brought some other administrative reforms. Later, in 2002, they moved to Dublin as the Ambassador of the Islamic Republic of Iran in the Republic of Ireland. After completing their mission and returning from Republic of Ireland in 2005, they served as Senior Expert in Political Studies.
In 2006, they were appointed the Director General of the Consular Affairs and served in this position for eight years. During Mohammad Javad Zarif's term as the Minister of Foreign Affairs, in March 2015, they became the Ambassador of Islamic Republic of Iran in Republic of Portugal and moved to Lisbon. In May 2019, after 40 years they terminated their duties in Foreign Ministry at their own request.  They are one of the experienced diplomats of the Iranian Ministry of Foreign Affairs who has successfully promoted in the hierarchy of political officials and has been granted the lifetime designation of the title of “Ambassador” for their distinguished services.
References
Iranian diplomats
Shahid Beheshti University alumni
Ambassadors of Iran to China
Ambassadors of Iran to Portugal
1952 births
Living people
Walter Loosli (1901–?) was a Swiss coxswain. They competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris with the men's coxed four. In the official Olympic record and the FISA database, they coxed all three races. According to the Sports Reference database, Loosli coxed the first heat and the repechage only and was replaced in the final by Émile Lachapelle. The Swiss team won the final.
References
1901 births
Year of death missing
Swiss male rowers
Olympic rowers of Switzerland
Rowers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Coxswains (rowing)
Olympic gold medalists for Switzerland
Ashcombe Volleyball Club is an English volleyball club established in 1976 at The Ashcombe School in Dorking, Surrey by former England volleyball captain and PE teacher Freda Bussey.
The club's first team competes in the National Volleyball League Super 8 division and is coached by Luke Thomas. The second team, composed mainly of junior players competes in Division 3 of the NVL and are coached by Matthew Neilson.
References
External links
Ashcombe Volleyball Club
Volleyball England
English volleyball clubs
1976 establishments in England
The Interstate Wire Act of 1961, often called the Federal Wire Act, is a United States federal law prohibiting the operation of certain types of betting businesses in the United States. It begins with the text:
Several legal opinions and rulings have discussed whether forms of gambling other than sports betting fall within the Act's scope.
Background
After being selected to become US Attorney General, Robert F. Kennedy suggested to the 87th United States Congress to pass legislation which would make interstate gambling illegal. Kennedy's goal of the legislation was to help the United States Justice Department stop organized crime from trafficking. One of the eight bills given to Congress was Senate Bill 1656—The Wire Act.
Signing
The Interstate Anti-Crime Acts were signed by the 35th President of the United States John F. Kennedy on September 13, 1961.
Applicability to gambling other than sports betting
In September 2011, the US Department of Justice released to the public a formal legal opinion on the scope of the Act concluding, "interstate transmissions of wire communications that do not relate to a 'sporting event or contest' fall outside the reach of the Wire Act."
A new Department of Justice opinion dated November 2, 2018 reversed the 2011 opinion, declaring that the Wire Act's prohibitions are "not uniformly limited to gambling on sporting events or contests."
The U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals has ruled that the Wire Act prohibition on the transmission of wagers applies only to sports betting and not other types of online gambling. The Supreme Court has not ruled on the meaning of the Federal Wire Act as it pertains to online gambling. In an opinion issued November 2018 and published January 2019, the Department of Justice stated that the Federal Wire Act applies to all gambling and not just sports betting.
On January 15, 2019, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein announced that the Department of Justice would delay enforcement of the 2018 OLC opinion for 90 days to "give businesses that relied on the 2011 OLC opinion time to bring their operations into compliance with federal law."
On February 15, 2019, the New Hampshire Lottery Commission filed a complaint in the US District Court for New Hampshire, naming the Department of Justice and Attorney General William Barr as defendants. The suit asks the Court to vacate and set aside the OLC's new opinion, which the Commission claims will reduce its annual profits by millions of dollars. New Hampshire Gov. Chris Sununu said the state wasn't interested in negotiating an out-of-court settlement, "we're looking to win."
On June 3, 2019, U.S. District Court Judge Paul Barbadoro issued a summary judgment that the Wire Act "is limited to sports gambling" and set aside the 2018 OLC opinion. A Department of Justice spokesperson said the government was reviewing the decision. On August 16, 2019, the Department of Justice filed notice of its intention to appeal Barbadoro's ruling to the U.S. First Circuit Court of Appeals. On January 20, 2021, Circuit Court Judge William Joseph Kayatta Jr. affirmed the district court's decision.
In November 2021, International Game Technology filed a lawsuit against the DOJ (Department of Justice) over the Federal Wire Act. IGT's attorneys presented their case in the District Court of Rhode Island, claiming that the opinion issued by the DOJ's Office of Legal Counsel in 2018 during the Donald Trump Administration had forced the biggest iGaming company in the United States to spend resources on potential lawsuits filed by the government. Their goal was to make the court declare the 2018 opinion unlawful.
On February 24, 2022, the Department of Justice filed a motion to dismiss IGT's lawsuit. The DOJ representatives said that “the company (IGT) didn't provide sufficient evidence to confirm its claim that there's a threat of prosecution.” The DOJ's office has once again stated the Federal Wire Act does not apply to lottery and casino services. IGT asked for additional time to respond to these arguments.
See also
Gambling in the United States
Notes
References
External links
Wire Act at Gambling-law-us.com
1961 in American law
87th United States Congress
Wire Act
United States federal criminal legislation
Wire Act
The following lists events in the year 2021 in Guatemala.
Incumbents
President:Alejandro Eduardo Giammattei Falla (since 2020)
Vice-President: César Guillermo Castillo Reyes (since 2020)
Events
Ongoing – COVID-19 pandemic in Guatemala
January and February
January 14 – Guatemalan troops, police, and health workers set up 16 checkpoints to stop migrants.
January 15 – A magnitude 5.9 earthquake with an epicenter located south-southwest of Champerico at a depth of shakes buildings in Guatemala City, but no damage or injuries are reported.
January 29 – The Argentine Forensic Anthropology Team (EAAF) and the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) offer to help identify 19 migrants believed to be Guatemalan nationals murdered in Tamaulipas, Mexico, on January 23.
February 5 – An agreement wherein asylum–seekers are forced to wait in Guatemala until they receive a hearing is canceled by the Biden administration.
February 18 – Mexico and Guatemala sign an agreement to return 16 bodies identified as Guatemalan migrants in the massacre in Santa Anita, Camargo, Tamaulipas, on January 22.
February 19 – Thousands of farmers march to demand the resignations of President Alejandro Giammattei and Attorney General Consuelo Porras for corruption.
February 22 – Outrage after it is revealed that health officials spent USD $1,000,000 to purchase 30,000 fake COVID-19 tests. Guatemala has had 171,289 infections and 6,306 deaths related to the virus.
February 25 – Survivors of the Guatemalan Civil War march to demand justice on the ″National Day of Dignity for Victims of the Internal Armed Conflict″. “This day carries so much meaning. It honors our dead,” said Rigoberta Menchu.
March and April
March 4 – Villagers near Pacaya ignore an evacuation request as the volcano throws ashes into the air.
March 8
A thousand women and men march in Guatemala City demanding an end to violence against women on International Women's Day.
Judge Erika Aifan of the High-Risk Criminal Court is awarded the International Women of Courage Award.
March 29
Seven Mexican soldiers are being held in La Esperanza, Tacaná, San Marcos Department, after a 30-year-old Guatemalan was killed in Mazapa de Madero, Chiapas, Mexico. The incident is being investigated as a murder.
President Giammattei decrees a “state of prevention” along the border with Honduras amid reports that a new migrant caravan may be forming in Honduras.
March 30 – President Giammattei and U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris agree to work together on immigration issues after a phone call.
May and June
June 7 – U.S. vice president Kamala Harris visits President Alejandro Giammattei to discuss immigration.
Scheduled events
March 28–April 3 — Holy Week.
May 10 – Mother's Day
September 15 – Independence Day, 200th anniversary of the Act of Independence of Central America.
November 1 – All Saints' Day.
Culture
March 1 – The French/Guatemalan movie La Lollorona is nominated for a Golden Globe Award.
March 5 – El Universal reports that traditional black salt is likely soon to be a thing of the past as only one person, named Don Maximilano, who is over 70 years old, knows how to prepare it.
Sports
TBA – 2020–21 Liga Nacional de Guatemala
Deaths
February 11 – Rubén Alfonso Ramírez, 84, television presenter and politician, Minister of Education (2015–2016).
March 6 – Herbert Meneses, 81, actor (Sólo de noche vienes, The Silence of Neto).
See also
COVID-19 pandemic in North America
2020s
2020s in political history
2021 Atlantic hurricane season
References
External links
13 young Guatemalans who left for a better future were slain in Mexico, families say (by Kate Linthicum & Jeff Abbott, January 30, 2021, Ls Angeles Times
2020s in Guatemala
Years of the 21st century in Guatemala
Guatemala
Guatemala
The Sujagi is a flag with a Hanja(帥), pronounced su in Korean, that denotes a commanding general. The whole term literally means, "Commanding general flag". Only one sujagi is known to exist in Korea. The color is a faded yellowish-brown background with a black character in its center. It is made of hemp cloth and measures approximately 4.15m x 4.35m.
History
This type of flag was put in a fortress where a commanding general was located. In the case of the extant sujagi in Korea, it represented General Eo Jae-yeon who, in 1871, commanded the Korean military forces on Ganghwa Island, which is off the northwest coast of present-day South Korea, near the capital of Seoul. It was captured by the United States Asiatic Squadron in June of that year during the United States' expedition to Korea. As with other war prizes, it was put into the collection of the museum at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland.
In October 2007, after many years of petitions by South Korea to the United States government, the flag was returned to South Korea on a long-term, ten-year loan.
After being returned, it was displayed at the National Palace Museum of Korea in Seoul until 2009, when it was moved to the Ganghwa History Museum on Ganghwa Island. As of September 2022, the lease had been renewed for the flag to stay in Korea until at least October 2023.
References
Notes
See also
History of Korea
Military history of Korea
Joseon Dynasty
External links
Sujagi Flag Return
History of Korea
Flags of Korea
Historical flags
Thura Myint Maung () was the Minister for Religious Affairs of Myanmar (Burma).  They are a retired Brigadier General in the Myanmar Army. They resigned on 16 January 2013.
References
Government ministers of Myanmar
Burmese military personnel
People from Magway Division
1941 births
Living people
Aerilamma murdochi is an uncommon species of chiton in the family Mopaliidae.
Distribution
New Zealand
References
Powell A. W. B., New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
Mopaliidae
Chitons described in 1847
San Martín is a department located in the centre of Mendoza Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of about 108,500 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is San Martín, which is located around from the Capital federal.
Name
The Department and its cabecera (capital) are named in honour of General San Martín (1778-1850), the military leader that led the Argentine forces to victory over the Spanish Empire during the Argentine War of Independence.
Districts
Alto Salvador
Alto Verde
Buen Orden
Chapanay
Chivilcoy, Mendoza
El Central
El Divisadero, Mendoza
El Espino
El Ramblón
Las Chimbas
Montecaseros
Nueva California
Palmira, Mendoza
San Martín
Tres Porteñas
Sport
The city of San Martín is home to Atlético Club San Martín, a football club currently playing in the regionalised 4th Division.
External links
Municipal Website (Spanish)
Viví San Martín (Spanish)
Atlético Club San Martín (Spanish)
Departments of Mendoza Province
States and territories established in 1816
"Because" is a song by Irish band Boyzone, released in July 2018 as the second single from their final studio album Thank You & Goodnight, the band announced the news on their Twitter and Facebook official accounts. The song was released on 26 July 2018. The song is written by John Shanks, Boyzone-member Ronan Keating, Ed Sheeran, and Amy Wadge. Keating reached out to Sheeran who sent the track to Boyzone.
Music video
The music video for the song was released on 26 July 2018, featuring the band, karaoke singing the lyric of the song on TV, in the TV, many people sang the lyrics, British musician Ed Sheeran also made a cameo appearance in the video.
Track listing
Digital download
"Because" - 2:46
Release history
References
2018 singles
Boyzone songs
2018 songs
Songs written by Ronan Keating
Songs written by Ed Sheeran
Songs written by Amy Wadge
Songs written by John Shanks
William Frederick L. Stanley (1872–1939) was an Irish lawyer who served as judge of the Republic of Hawaii.
Life
Stanley was born in Dublin, Ireland in March 1872. Their father was James Charles Stanley and mother was Catherine Lucas. After common school education in Dover, England and Dublin, they studied at Trinity College, Dublin 1889–1893. Before graduating, they came with Sir Robert Herron to the Hawaiian Islands. In May 1895 they started as a clerk in the office of Alfred S. Hartwell, and was admitted to the bar in March 1895. Stanley married Juanita Danford October 20, 1896. Their children were Charles Desmond Stanley, Eileen Stanley, Dermot Stanley, Brian Henry Stanley.
In November 1895 Stanley became a partner with Hartwell and Lorrin Andrews Thurston.
One major case was the window of French physician Georges Phillipe Trousseau (1833–1894).
On November 1, 1897 they were appointed to be the youngest circuit court judge at the time, after Alfred Wellington Carter resigned.
For a few weeks in 1898 they also filled in on the 4th circuit. They served as judge on the 1st circuit until July 30, 1900.
They had fallen out of favor with the Republican Party of Hawaii because they were not a United States citizen, but as judge presided when others were naturalized. They finally became naturalized themselves in August 1900. Active in Freemasonry, they were the Master of Pacific Lodge #822 and a member of the Aloha Shriners.
Back in private practice, they became partner with Henry Holmes until 1915, with Wilder until 1916, by themselves until 1920, and then with William Owen Smith and Warren. Their law firm survives as Case Lombardi & Pettit.
They served on some commissions of the Territory of Hawaii, including the board of public instruction from 1910 to 1913.
They died in June 1939.
References
Territory of Hawaii judges
1872 births
1939 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
People from County Dublin
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
Interstate 640 (I-640) is an east–west auxiliary Interstate Highway in Knoxville, Tennessee. It serves as a bypass for I-40 around Downtown Knoxville and is also an alternative route for traffic passing between I-40 and I-75. All trucks carrying hazardous cargo through Knoxville are required to use I-640. It has a total length of and runs approximately north of downtown through the northern neighborhoods of Knoxville.
For its first , I-640 has a concurrency with I-75, although exits along this segment are numbered according to the former's mileage. For the rest of its length, the Interstate maintains an unsigned concurrency with U.S. Route 25W (US 25W). Both of these highways were rerouted from their original alignments upon I-640's completion.
The route that is now I-640 was first planned by the city of Knoxville in 1945 and initiated by the Federal Aid Highway Act of 1956, along with most of the Interstate Highway System. Initial construction work began in the early 1960s, and, for many years, only of the highway was open to traffic. Work on the remainder of I-640 began in 1977, and the last section was completed in 1982.
Route description
I-640 has three lanes in each direction for its entire length, in addition to auxiliary lanes between some interchanges. Annual average daily traffic (AADT) counts range from approximately 66,000 vehicles per day at the highway's eastern terminus to 87,000 vehicles near the midpoint. Unlike the other Interstate Highways in Knoxville, however, I-640 rarely experiences severe congestion.
I-640 begins west of Downtown Knoxville at a directional T interchange with I-40 and I-75, where the latter continues onto a concurrency with I-640. Along this section, I-640 is treated as the primary route, with exits numbered according to its mileage. Initially heading northwest, the interstate immediately passes under State Route 169 (SR 169, Middlebrook Pike) without an interchange. A short distance beyond this point, the highway turns north and crosses a CSX railroad mainline, intersecting with SR 62 (Western Avenue) in a partial cloverleaf interchange a short distance later. It then veers northeast into the southern fringes of Dutch Valley, running along the northern base of Sharp's Ridge. About later, I-640 reaches an unusual three-level combination interchange, commonly known as the Sharp's Gap Interchange, with US 25W (Clinton Highway), I-75, and the northern terminus of I-275. A series of towering radio masts on Sharp's Ridge dominate the view to the south here.
At this interchange, I-75 splits off, heading north towards Lexington, Kentucky, and US 25W and SR 9 begin an unsigned concurrency with I-640. Also at this interchange, SR 9 continues onto an unsigned concurrency with US 25W north to Clinton. The highway then shifts slightly east-northeast and, a few miles later, has a partial cloverleaf interchange with US 441 (Broadway). A short distance later, I-640 crosses a Norfolk Southern Railway mainline. Some distance later, the freeway turns almost directly east. It then reaches an interchange with Washington Pike and Millertown Pike; access between the two is provided via frontage roads on both sides of the interstate. The highway then gradually shifts south and, a few miles later, crosses another Norfolk Southern mainline and US 11W (Rutledge Pike) without intersecting this route. I-640 then reaches its eastern terminus at a directional T interchange with I-40 on the eastern outskirts of Knoxville. Here, US 25W and SR 9 continue onto a brief unsigned concurrency with I-40, heading eastward toward Asheville, North Carolina.
History
Planning and construction
The highway that is now I-640 had its origins in a plan commissioned by the city of Knoxville in 1945, which recommended that a series of expressways be constructed throughout the city to relieve traffic on surface streets. It was initially known as the Dutch Valley Loop during its planning phase and roughly followed its current alignment. Planners intended these freeways to be integrated into the then-proposed nationwide highway network that later became the Interstate Highway System, which, at the time, was expected to eventually be authorized by Congress. After the passage of the Federal Aid Highway Act of 1956, which initiated the interstate system, the highway was designated as I-640 by the American Association of State Highway Officials (AASHO) on November 12, 1958.
Part of the interchange between I-640, I-75, I-275, and US 25W was constructed in the early 1960s, along with the segment of I-75 (now I-275) directly south of this interchange. On December 4, 1964, what is now the interchange between I-40/I-75 and a short segment of I-640 extending north to SR 169 (Middlebrook Pike) was opened to traffic, providing access between both routes to local motorists. The connecting segment of I-40/I-75 was also opened to all traffic at the same time. Work on the segment between I-75/I-275/US 25W and US 441 began in October 1968 and was completed on December 15, 1970.
The remainder of I-640 was initially delayed by disputes over its final alignment and disagreements between the city of Knoxville and the state over the improvement of nearby surface streets. In addition, new requirements imposed by the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) of 1969 required that an environmental impact statement (EIS) be prepared for the remaining segments. Environmental studies took place between 1973 and 1978, with the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) approving the EIS for the western leg in November 1975 and the EIS for the eastern leg in March 1978. Construction of these sections was then funded as part of a $250 million (equivalent to $ in ) multiphase improvement project on multiple roads in the Knoxville vicinity that was conducted in preparation for the 1982 World's Fair.
Construction on the section between I-40/I-75 and I-75/I-275/US 25W, as well as the remainder of the Sharp's Gap Interchange, began in October 1977, and the segment was opened to traffic on December 23, 1980. At this time, I-75 was rerouted onto this section, and the part of I-75 between I-640 and I-40 in downtown Knoxville was renumbered I-275. This was done in an effort to divert through traffic on I-75 away from the World's Fair. Work on the final section, located between US 441 and the eastern terminus with I-40, began in July 1979 and was opened to traffic on December 21, 1981. Final signage, lighting, and landscaping work was completed in April 1982, and the flyover ramp from I-40 eastbound onto I-640 at the eastern terminus opened on July 1, 1983. Then-Governor Lamar Alexander officially opened both sections by leading a walk along their entire lengths dressed in their red plaid shirt that they famously wore during both of their campaigns for governor. I-640 was the last interstate highway to be completed from the original 1956 allocation for the East Tennessee Grand Division.
Later history
A new exit ramp from I-640 eastbound to Gap Road was constructed just east of the Sharp's Gap Interchange between December 18, 1985, and August 6, 1986, providing direct access to US 25W from the eastbound lanes for the first time. The section of I-640 between the Sharp's Gap Interchange and US 441 was the only section of the route that was originally four lanes. It was widened to six lanes between January 2000 and June 2003. During this project, the interchange with US 441 was also reconstructed, eliminating a loop exit ramp from I-640 eastbound and reconfiguring parts of the other ramps.
Between May 1, 2008, and June 12, 2009, through traffic passing on I-40 through Knoxville was required to use I-640 due to a complete closure of I-40 through downtown. This was conducted as part of a larger project called "SmartFix 40", and, during this time, the ramps at both termini of I-640 carrying this traffic were temporarily widened to three lanes to facilitate the extra volume.
Between April 2016 and July 2019, the interchange with US 441 was further modified. The exit ramp from I-640 westbound was lengthened, and a new loop entrance ramp from US 441 northbound onto I-640 westbound was constructed. On October 21, 2019, the speed limit on I-640 was increased from to , along with the speed limits on sections of other Knoxville-area interstates, after the Tennessee Department of Transportation (TDOT) determined that the air quality had greatly improved in the area over the previous 15 years and that the vast majority of drivers were exceeding these limits by large margins.
TDOT is currently reconstructing the mainline surface of I-640 in a two-phase project. The first phase, which took place in 2021, resurfaced the stretch between the interstate's western terminus and the Sharp's Gap interchange by removing one layer of asphalt and replacing it with two main layers and a binding layer. The second phase, which began on July 10, 2022, and is expected to be completed in November 2023, involves reconstructing the stretch between the Sharp's Gap interchange and the eastern terminus by removing the asphalt surface and rubblizing the original underlying concrete surface to provide a base for a new asphalt surface. The deterioration of the underlying concrete had made this stretch of roadway susceptible to forming cracks and potholes, and had been patched and repaired multiple times.
Exit list
See also
References
External links
Interstate 640 at Interstate-Guide.com
40-6
40-6
640
Transportation in Knox County, Tennessee
Transportation in Knoxville, Tennessee
640
Isharheri is a village in Hansi-I mandal of the Hisar district, in the Indian state of Haryana.
References
Villages in Hisar district
This is a list of members of the Council of the German Cultural Community between 1999 and 2004, following the direct elections of 1999.
Composition
Sources
List
1999 in Belgium
2000s in Belgium
Shigurui is a manga series written and illustrated by Takayuki Yamaguchi.
Volume list
|}
References
Shigurui
Almost a Gentleman is a 1939 American drama film directed by Leslie Goodwins from a screenplay by David Silverstein and Jo Pagano, based on the story by Harold Shumate. The film stars James Ellison, Helen Wood and Robert Kent. It was released by RKO Radio Pictures on March 31, 1939.
Plot
After their new wife's family convinces them to leave him, attorney Dan Preston leaves their law practice and sets off to travel around the country as a vagabond. When they return home they find their house rented by a novelist, Shirley Haddon. They adopt a mongrel dog, Picardy Max, and sets out to avenge themselves against their ex-wife's family by entering Max into dog shows to compete against their pedigreed animals. Preston also begins a romantic relationship with Haddon.
Robert Mabrey, Preston's ex-brother-in-law, takes great stock in their dog winning the competition, and when they learn that Max is quite impressive in their training, they begin to get a bit concerned. When a local bully is killed by a wild animal, Mabrey sees an opportunity to rid themselves of the competition, and blames the attack on Max. Faced with the impending execution of the dog, Preston resumes their legal robes and defends the dog in court. During the hearing it is discovered that the man was killed by an escaped wildcat from a visiting circus, and Max is vindicated.
When Marian Mabrey, Preston's ex-wife, is kidnapped, Max tracks the culprits down and they are saved by Preston and Max. Preston and Robert Mabrey reconcile, and Preston and Haddon begin a life together.
Cast
Production
The film's original title was Picardy Max, the name of the dog in the picture. This was the third film which featured Ace, the Wonder Dog; the first two were Blind Alibi (1938), and The Rookie Cop (1939). In August 1938, Picardy Max was one of twelve films which were set to shortly begin production for RKO, and Variety reported that production on the film would begin on September 7, 1938. In October, Chester Morris was attached to the picture, although they did not appear in the final version. In November, it was reported that RKO had signed Ellison to a contract, and the following month it was announced they had been selected to play the lead in Picardy Max. At the same time it was revealed that the story would be penned by Harold Shumate, and Leslie Goodwins would direct under the production of Cliff Reid. Even though production was scheduled to begin in September, it was delayed, and Variety announced in December that it would begin filming in January. Production on the picture began in the first week of January 1939, and lasted through the end of February.
In February, Variety reported that the title of the film was changed from Picardy Max, to Almost a Gentleman, and the premier date was set for March 31. In mid-March the National Legion of Decency classified the film as suitable all audiences, Class A-I. The film was released on March 31, 1939. The film was released in the U.K. under the title Magnificent Outcast.
Response
The Film Bulletin did not speak highly of the film, calling it "feeble", and of "negligible entertainment value". The magazine claimed the plot and acting were both amateurish with "practically nothing to offer". Variety also did not give the film a positive review, calling it "dull" and saying the only saving grace for the film was the performance of Ace. The National Board of Review selected the film as one of its picks for suitability for both family and juvenile audiences. Harrison's Reports gave the picture a lukewarm reception, calling it "...suitable mostly for those who enjoy pictures about dogs." They found the lead unsympathetic, but blamed that on the script, for they found their romance with Wood "pleasant." Motion Picture Daily said, "The world's people are of two kinds with reference to dogs. Some like them and some don't. This, like all dog pictures, is for those who do." Outside of the scenes which showcased Ace, they felt the film was simply routine.
References
External links
1939 films
1939 drama films
American drama films
American black-and-white films
Films produced by Cliff Reid
Films directed by Leslie Goodwins
RKO Pictures films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Hemibagrus fortis is a species of bagrid catfish found in the Rajang basin in Sarawak, Malaysia. This catfish share the common name ikan Baung or 白须公 with another similar species Hemibagrus nemurus.
References
Parenti, L.R. and K.K.P. Lim, 2005. Fishes of the Rajang basin, Sarawak, Malaysia. Raffles Bull. Zool. Supplement (13):175-208.
Bagridae
Fish of Asia
Fish of Malaysia
Taxa named by Canna Maria Louise Popta
Fish described in 1904
The Mayes-Hutton House is a historic house in Columbia, Maury County, Tennessee, USA.
History
The house was built in 1854 for Samuel Mayes, who sold their slaves as they believed slavery would come to an end, and re-invested their money in this house.
Architecture
The original portion of the house has a large 54 foot by 58 foot section with an 18 by 18 foot attached wing on the west of the back side. The brown brick house sits on a stucco-covered limestone foundation. The front of the house, probably heavily modified in the 1870s, includes four fluted Corinthian columns supporting a pediment, and a parapet, presenting a massive front facade. The interior is less ostentatious. but well designed, with a central hall that continues through the house, a free-standing stair, and balcony.
Heritage significance
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural qualities on July 8, 1970.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Houses in Columbia, Tennessee
Houses completed in 1854
National Register of Historic Places in Maury County, Tennessee
This is a list of supernovae that are of historical significance. These include supernovae that were observed prior to the availability of photography, and individual events that have been the subject of a scientific paper that contributed to supernova theory.
An alternative, complete and updated list can be found in the Open Supernova Catalog.
List
In most entries, the year when the supernova was seen is part of the designation (1st column).
See also
List of most distant supernovae
List of supernova candidates
List of supernova remnants
Lists of astronomical objects
References
Further reading
External links
List of all known supernovae at The Open Supernova Catalog.
IAU Supernovae on the Transient Name Server (TNS)
Supernovae through 2015 at IAU Central Bureau for Astronomical Telegrams (CBAT).
WISeREP - The Weizmann Interactive Supernova data Repository
Supernovae
The Three Suns was an American pop group, most popular during the 1940s and 1950s.
Career history
The group was formed in 1939 by brothers Al Nevins (guitar) and Morty Nevins (accordion) and their cousin, radio and vaudeville veteran Artie Dunn (vocals, electronic organ). They became a popular nightclub attraction around New York; during an engagement in 1944, they were signed to appear in short musical films for the Soundies movie jukeboxes. They performed nine songs for the cameras.
A review in Billboard in 1942 addressed the group's potential. Referring to a December 13, 1941, remote broadcast from New York's Hotel Piccadilly on NBC Red, Dick Carter wrote: "Here was something out of the ordinary, and very welcome, too. The Three Suns are an electric organ, an accordion and guitar, and they produce some sensational musical effects."
In 1944, The Three Suns scored their first hit record, "Twilight Time"; their version was strictly instrumental and did not feature the lyrics written later by Buck Ram. "Twilight Time" sold over four million copies and was awarded a gold record.
This was followed by "Peg o' My Heart", which was one of the best-selling records of 1947 in the United States. The group was featured in Alfred Hitchcock's Rope (1948) performing an off-screen "radio sequence", and in Two Gals and a Guy (1951). The band is also notable in that they were reputed to have been the favorite musical group of former First Lady Mamie Eisenhower.
During the 1950s, the group continued to make live appearances with the same personnel, but their RCA Victor recording sessions would often have studio musicians substituting for one or another, because keyboardist Artie Dunn did not read music and guitarist Al Nevins became much more interested in the production end of the record business. The group's popularity began to wane as rock and roll became popular in the mid 1950s, but the group reinvented itself by using its RCA Victor recording sessions as an audio laboratory, employing additional instruments and novel stereophonic effects. These new arrangements became popular among fans of lounge music and exotica. Al Nevins remained with RCA Victor as a producer and arranger until their death in 1965; Morty Nevins then hired studio musicians Fred Mendelssohn and Vinnie Bell and recorded a new stereo album for Musicor in 1966, using the Three Suns name.
Founding member Al Nevins was also co-founder of Aldon Music, a Brill Building songwriting company.
Members
Founding members
Artie Dunn — vocals, organ (died January 15, 1996, age 73)
Al Nevins — guitar (died January 25, 1965, age 49)
Morty Nevins — accordion (died July 23, 1990, age 73)
Later members
George Barnes - guitar
Johnny Buck (Bucky Pizzarelli) — guitar
Joe Negri — guitar
Joe Vento — accordion, piano
Johnny Romano — guitar
Tony Lovello — accordion
Del Casher (Del Kacher) — guitar
Vincent Bell - guitar
Fred Mendelsohn - organ
Eddie Layton - organ
Discography
The first records released by The Three Suns, during the 1940s and 1950s, were 78 rpm. 1950 saw RCA Victor's release of their first 10-inch LP. Between 1950 and 1954, 10-inch albums were released. In 1955, The Three Suns released their first 12-inch LP Soft & Sweet and in 1958 released their first stereo LP.
The Three Suns recorded a number of sides for V-Disc in the 1940s, which were only issued by the US Government to the USO units overseas. These sides were reissued on a two-CD set in 1997 by IMC Licensing. Most of the titles were not sequenced on the CD as they appeared on the original 78s.
Albums
Twilight Time (Majestic, M2, 1944) (10 inches)
Beyond the Blue Horizon (Fox Trot Vocal Chorus by Artie Dunn) / Crazy Rhythm (Instrumental Fox Trot) - (DECCA, 69638 & 69636, 1947) (10 inches)
Twilight Time (Varsity, 6001, 1950) (10 inches)
Midnight Time (Varsity, 6048, 1950) (10 inches)
You and the Night and the Music (RCA Victor, 47-4202A, 1951) (7 INCH 45 RPM)
Yours is My Heart Alone (RCA Victor, 47-4202B, 1951) (7 INCH 45 RPM)
Twilight Time (Royale, 1, 1951) (10 inches)
Midnight Time (Royale, 29, 1951) (10 inches)
Three Quarter Time (RCA Victor, LPM-3, 1951) (10 inches)
Hands Across the Table (RCA Victor, lpm-28, 1951)(10 inch)
Twilight Moods (RCA Victor, LPM-3012, 1952) (10 inches)
The Three Suns Present (RCA Victor, LPM-3034, 1952) (10 inches)
Busy Fingers (RCA Victor, LPM-3040, 1952)
Christmas Party (RCA Victor, LPM-3056, 1952) (10 inches)
Soft and Sweet (RCA Victor, LPM-1041, 1955) U.S. #13
Sounds of Christmas (RCA Victor, LPM-1132, 1955)
Twilight Time (RCA Victor, LPM-1171, 1956)
My Reverie (RCA Victor, LPM-1173, 1956)
Slumber Time (RCA Victor, LPM-1219, 1956)
High Fi and Wide (RCA Victor, LPM-1249, 1956) U.S. #19
Easy Listening (RCA Victor LPM-1316, 1956)
Midnight for Two (RCA Victor, LPM-1333, 1957) U.S. #16
Malaguena (RCA Victor lpm-1220, 1956)
Things I Love in Hi-Fi (RCA Victor, LPM/LSP-1543, 1958)
Let's Dance with the Three Suns (RCA Victor, LPM/LSP-1578, 1958)
Happy Go Lucky Sound (RCA Victor, 1958)
My Reverie (RCA Victor, LSP-1173, 1958)
Love in the Afternoon (RCA Victor, LPM/LSP-1669, 1959)
Having a Ball with the Three Suns (RCA Victor, LPM/LSP-1734, 1958)
Swingin' on a Star (RCA Victor, LPM/LSP-1964, 1959)
A Ding Dong Dandy Christmas! (RCA Victor, LPM/LSP-2054, 1959)
At the Candlelight Cafe (RCA Camden, 1959)
Twilight Memories (RCA Victor, LPM/LSP-2120, 1960)
On a Magic Carpet (RCA Victor, LPM/LSP-2235, 1960)
Twilight Time (RCA Victor, LPC-110, 1961) (COMPACT 33 DOUBLE)
Dancing on a Cloud (RCA Victor, LPM/LSP-2307, 1961)
Fever & Smoke (RCA Victor LPM/LSP-2310, 1961)
In Orbit (Rondo, 1962)
Fun in the Sun (RCA Victor LPM/LSP-2437)
Movin' 'N' Groovin''' (RCA Victor LPM/LSP-2532, 1962)Warm and Tender (RCA Victor LPM/LSP-2617, 1962)Everything Under the Sun (RCA Victor, LPM/LSP-2715, 1963)One Enchanted Evening (RCA Victor LPM/LSP-2904, 1964)A Swinging Thing (RCA Victor LPM/LSP-2963, 1964)Country Music Shindig (RCA Victor LPM/LSP-3354, 1965)Continental Affair (RCA Camden CAL 573)The Best of the Three Suns (RCA Victor LPM/LSP-3447(e), 1966)16 Greatest Hits (Musicor, MM2090/MS3090, 1966)This Is the Three Suns (RCA Victor VPS-6075, 1971)Pure Gold - The Three Suns (RCA ANL1-1779(e), 1976)
Filmography
Nine Soundies musicals (1944)Rope (1948) directed by Alfred Hitchcock; offscreen performers in radio sequenceTwo Gals and a Guy (1951)
TelevisionCavalcade of Stars (1950) episode 1.65The Ed Sullivan Show (1950) episodes 3.38 and 3.39The Kate Smith Hour (1953) December 29, 1953 episode, which mentions them as having appeared on previous episodesCaptain Chesapeake (1971 to 1990) The theme song was the Bob Crosby tune "Stumbling" by The Three Suns. This theme was played from a 33 rpm at 45 rpm speed.
Other media
"Worry Worry Worry" released by The Three Suns in 1948 was featured in the role-playing videogame Fallout 4'' by Bethesda Game Studios in-game radio.
References
External links
The Three Suns at IMDB
The Three Suns soundtrack credits at IMDB
American musical trios
American pop music groups
Majestic Records artists
Musical groups established in 1939
Musical groups disestablished in 1966
RCA Victor artists
In computer science, yield is an action that occurs in a computer program during multithreading, of forcing a processor to relinquish control of the current running thread, and sending it to the end of the running queue, of the same scheduling priority.
Examples
Different programming languages implement yielding in various ways.
pthread_yield() in the language C, a low level implementation, provided by POSIX Threads
std::this_thread::yield() in the language C++, introduced in C++11.
The Yield method is provided in various object-oriented programming languages with multithreading support, such as C# and Java. OOP languages generally provide class abstractions for thread objects.
In coroutines
Coroutines are a fine-grained concurrency primitive, which may be required to yield explicitly. They may enable specifying another function to take control. Coroutines that explicitly yield allow cooperative multitasking.
See also
Coroutines
Java (software platform)
Common Language Runtime
Java virtual machine
Actor model
References
Operating system technology
Concurrent computing
Threads (computing)
Java platform
Computing platforms
Compiler optimizations
Software optimization
Method (computer programming)
Bhusana Dvija (Born 1508 CE) was litterateur born in Dihga Nagara, Barnagar, Barpeta, Kamrup. They were specially known for their biographies named Guru Charita and Sankara Charita.
Bhusana Dvija was grandson of Chakrapani who was disciple of Sankardeva. They compiled Sankara charita with accounts mostly left by their ancestors of life of Sankardeva.
See also
Bakul Kayastha
Haribara Vipra
References
Kamrupi literary figures
1508 births
1577 deaths
The Landsbanki Freezing Order 2008 (later amended) is an Order of HM Treasury to freeze the assets of Icelandic bank Landsbanki in the United Kingdom made under the Anti-terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001, by virtue of the fact that the Treasury reasonably believed that "action to the detriment of the United Kingdom's economy (or part of it) has been or is likely to be taken by a person or persons." As required by the enabling Act, the Order was approved by both Houses of Parliament on 28 October 2008, which was 20 days after the Order had come into force.
The Order was made after Landsbanki was placed into receivership in Iceland. The bank offered online accounts under the trade name Icesave: some 300,000 depositors in the UK had deposits worth about £4 billion when the bank collapsed.
In a memorandum to the Joint Committee on Statutory Instruments, the Treasury stated that "the primary concern was to prohibit the flow of funds held or controlled by Landsbanki's UK branch out of the UK and back to Iceland." The same document also mentioned other reasons for making the order, namely that "the emergency legislation passed in Iceland on 7th October 2008 meant that UK creditors' rights could be prejudiced compared with other creditors" and that "the Icelandic action was likely to have a particularly significant unsettling effect on consumer confidence at a time of unprecedented disturbance of the financial sector."
See also
2008–2011 Icelandic financial crisis
Icesave dispute
References
Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom
2008 in British law
2008 in economics
Great Recession in Europe
Iceland–United Kingdom relations
William James Lewis F.R.S. (10 January 1847 – 16 April 1926) was a Welsh mineralogist.
Life and career
Lewis was born in Llanwyddelan, Montgomeryshire, the second son of clergyman John Lewis, and educated at Llanrwst grammar school and Jesus College, Oxford, where they matriculated in 1865. They obtained first-class degrees in mathematics (1868) and in natural science (1869). After a short spell as a tutor at Cheltenham College (1870–71), they were elected a Fellow of Oriel College, Oxford – a position they retained until their death. They carried out some research at Cambridge University before holding a position at the British Museum from 1875 to 1877; they resigned on the grounds of ill-health. In 1879, they returned to Cambridge to lecture on mineralogy and became Professor of Mineralogy in 1881. Their publications were few, but included the standard work A Treatise on Crystallography (1899).
They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1909. Their candidature read: "Professor of Mineralogy in the University of Cambridge since 1881. Fellow of Oriel College, Oxford, since 1872. First Class in Mathematical Moderations and Finals. First Class in the School of Natural Science. Senior University Mathematical Scholarship, 1871. Author of a Treatise on Crystallography (Cambridge University Press, 1899), which has become a recognised and authoritative Text-book for English students. (This work contains a number of original crystallographic investigations; the mathematical treatment of many of the problems and methods discussed is highly original and in many respects more exhaustive than that of other Treatises). Author of various papers on the crystallography of minerals and of artificial products; in particular, a paper 'On Barium Nitrate, which definitely established the Symmetry of that Substance' (Phil Mag, vol iii, 1877); 'An Exhaustive Monograph on the Crystallography of the rare mineral Miargyrite' (Proc Camb Phil Soc, vol iv, 1883); 'Researches on Minerals from the Binnenthal' (Min Mag, vol xiii, 1903); several papers concerning methods of calculation, the determination of possible errors in crystal measurements, the representation of crystals, &c. Prof Lewis has maintained at Cambridge a School of Mineralogy which has earned a high reputation."
Lewis is buried in Holywell Cemetery, Oxford.
References
1847 births
1926 deaths
Welsh mineralogists
Alumni of Jesus College, Oxford
Fellows of Oriel College, Oxford
Fellows of the Royal Society
Professors of Mineralogy (Cambridge)
There have been many police chiefs of the Atlanta Police Department in the history of Atlanta, Georgia United States.
The city shifted from a rural, Marshal/Deputy Marshal model in 1873.
The current interim police chief is Darin Schierbaum.
The city is in the process of conducting a nationwide search for a permanent chief. Schierbaum succeeded former police chief Rodney N. Bryant. Bryant took the helm after former chief Erika Shields resigned following the killing of Rayshard Brooks. Bryant served as interim police chief until the city named them as chief in June of 2020. Chief Schierbaum joined the Atlanta Police Department in 2002.
See also
Georgia State Patrol
References
Atlanta
Police Chiefs
https://www.atlantapd.org/about-apd/office-of-the-chief/assistant-chief-of-police-darin-schierbaum
The men's featherweight event was part of the boxing programme at the 1988 Summer Olympics. The weight class allowed boxers of up to 57 kilograms to compete. The competition was held from 18 September to 2 October 1988. 48 boxers from 48 nations competed. Giovanni Parisi won the gold medal.
Medalists
Results
The following boxers took part in the event:
First round
Wataru Yamada (JPN) def. Bakary Fofana (IVC), RSC-1
Daniel Dumitrescu (ROU) def. Anthony Konyegwachie (NGA), 5:0
Esteban Flores (PUR) def. Patrick Mwamba (ZAM), 4:1
Wanchai Pongsri (THA) def. Ali Mohamed Jafer (YMD), RSC-1
John Wanjau (KEN) def. László Szõke (HUN), 3:2
Regilio Tuur (HOL) def. Kelcie Banks (USA), KO-1
David Anderson (GBR) def. Domingo Damigella (ARG), 4:1
Patrick Fitzgerald (IRL) def. Emilio Villegas (DOM), 4:1
Ulaipalota Tautauma (SAM) def. Evance Malenga (MLW), 5:0
Tomasz Nowak (POL) def. Djingarey Mamodou (NIG), 5:0
Eugene Seymour (BAH) def. Orlando Dollente (PHI), 5:0
Jarmo Eskelinen (FIN) def. Serigne Fall (GUI), 5:0
Jamie Pagendam (CAN) def. Tserendorj Amarjargal (MGL), RSC-2
Kirkor Kirkorov (BUL) def. Diego Drumm (GDR), 5:0
Darren Hiles (AUS) def. Ali Celikiz (TUR), 5:0
Lee Jae-Hyuk (KOR) def. Miguel Ángel González (MEX), 5:0
Second round
Abdelhak Achik (MAR) def. Francisco Avelar (ELS), 4:1
Omar Catari (VEN) def. Moussa Kagambega (BUF), KO-1
Liu Dong (CHN) def. John Francis (IND), 3:2
Serge Bouemba (GAB) def. Ilham Lahia (INA), 4:1
Mikhail Kazaryan (URS) def. Ljubiša Simić (YUG), 5:0
Giovanni Parisi (ITA) def. Lu Chih Hsiung (TPE), 5:0
Ya'acov Shmuel (ISR) def. John Mirona (SUD), RSC-1
Richard Pittman (CIS) def. Dumsane Mabuza (SWZ), 4:1
Daniel Dumitrescu (ROU) def. Wataru Yamada (JPN), 5:0
Wanchai Pongsri (THA) def. Esteban Flores (PUR), 5:0
Regilio Tuur (HOL) def. John Wanjau (KEN), 4:1
David Anderson (GBR) def. Patrick Fitzgerald (IRL), 5:0
Tomasz Nowak (POL) def. Ulaipalota Tautauma (SAM), walk-over
Eugene Seymour (BAH) def. Jarmo Eskelinen (FIN), walk-over
Kirkor Kirkorov (BUL) def. Jamie Pagendam (CAN), walk-over
Lee Jae-Hyuk (KOR) def. Darren Hiles (AUS), 3:2
Third round
Abdelhak Achik (MAR) def. Omar Catari (VEN), KO-1
Liu Dong (CHN) def. Serge Bouemba (GAB), 5:0
Giovanni Parisi (ITA) def. Mikhail Kazaryan (URS), RSC-2
Ya'acov Shmuel (ISR) def. Richard Pittman (CIS), 5:0
Daniel Dumitrescu (ROU) def. Wanchai Pongsri (THA), 3:2
Regilio Tuur (HOL) def. David Anderson (GBR), RSC-2
Tomasz Nowak (POL) def. Eugene Seymour (BAH), 5:0
Lee Jae-Hyuk (KOR) def. Kirkor Kirkorov (BUL), 5:0
Quarterfinals
Abdelhak Achik (MAR) def. Liu Dong (CHN), KO-1
Giovanni Parisi (ITA) def. Ya'acov Shmuel (ISR), 5:0
Daniel Dumitrescu (ROU) def. Regilio Tuur (HOL), 5:0
Lee Jae-Hyuk (KOR) def. Tomasz Nowak (POL), 5:0
Semifinals
Giovanni Parisi (ITA) def. Abdelhak Achik (MAR), RSC-1
Daniel Dumitrescu (ROU) def. Lee Jae-Hyuk (KOR), 5:0
Final
Giovanni Parisi (ITA) def. Daniel Dumitrescu (ROU), KO-1
References
Featherweight
Belper railway station serves the town of Belper in Derbyshire, England. The station is located on the Midland Main Line from London St Pancras International to Leeds, north of St Pancras.
Description
Access to the station can be gained via a narrow alleyway from King Street beside the Poundland store, from the Field Lane car park and across the rear of the supermarket, from Bridge Street via Wellington Court and via alleyways from Field Lane (by the railway bridge) and Albert Street.
Services
All services at Belper are operated by East Midlands Railway.
On weekdays and Saturdays, the station is served by one train per hour in each direction between and . The final late evening service from Matlock is extended to .
There is also a daily return service between London St Pancras International and which runs on weekdays only and is operated using a Class 222 Meridian.
On Sundays, there is a two-hourly service between Matlock and Nottingham in the morning, with services increasing to hourly from mid-afternoon onwards.
History
The line was surveyed by George Stephenson for the North Midland Railway Company, and opened in 1840. The Strutt family who had built cotton mills and had become the primary landowner, were great supporters of the line and had invested in it. They feared, however, that it would interfere with the water supply to the mill and affect both theirs and their employees' livelihood, so initially suggested in 1835 that the line should proceed by Holbrook.
This proved unsatisfactory and, in the 1836 Act authorising the line, the proposed route took it to the east of the Derwent through Milford then to the west past Belper. This "Milford Deviation" was still not acceptable, so a revised Act was approved in 1837.
This entailed the building of Milford Tunnel and the excavation of a long cutting, at enormous (and unexpected) expense, with eleven bridges in the space of a mile. The cutting, lined with gritstone, is now a grade 2 listed building.
North of Belper, the engineers paid the penalty of following a river valley, with two long bridges over Belper Pool, plus two more, before reaching Ambergate.
The original station was built on the south side of Belper, just before the cutting, designed by Francis Thompson in an Italianate design. A coach, or omnibus, ran regularly to it from the Lion Hotel in Bridge Street. However this proved so unpopular that the Midland Railway built a new station in 1878 within the cutting, at the town centre, next to King Street. This had platforms with access ramps for each of the two lines, both provided with waiting rooms, in the standard Midland Railway design. The booking office and other facilities were at street level. Since the new station lacked sidings, the old station remained in use for many years for the processing of goods traffic.
Originally the station was a stop on the Midland Railway's main line from London St Pancras to Manchester Central which travelled through the Peak District.
When this line was truncated to its present terminus at Matlock in the late 'sixties and following withdrawal of the Manchester trains, the station became unmanned and in 1973 the station buildings were demolished. The bridge carrying King Street over the line was widened to make room for a number of shops, including a supermarket which was originally Fine Fare and has subsequently had a number of occupiers, currently Poundland.
In 2005 the station was refurbished with new shelters, seats, train indicators and rubbish bins by a consortium of local volunteers, work experience trainees provided by The Groundwork Trust and the local councils, with the active support of Network Rail and Central Trains (who managed the station at that time). In April 2012 a group called Transition Belper adopted the station with the help of the Derwent Valley Line Community Rail Partnership, East Midlands Trains, Network Rail and Belper Town Council.
During June–July 2009, an automatic ticket machine was installed on the Derby-bound platform. This enables passengers to buy tickets (or collect those purchased in advance) before they board. In December 2009, Belper became a Penalty fare station. The penalty fare applies for any southbound travel or on northbound mainline services. Ambergate to Matlock is not part of the penalty fare scheme. Where the local authority provides a discount, if the vending machine is unable to issue them, they are then bought on the train. The notices at the station, however, give the impression that penalty fares are applicable to all destinations.
Stationmasters
Mr. Brandon ca. 1860
Mr. Eden ca. 1861 ca. 1865
John Orton until 1874
Samuel Buxton 1875–1881 (formerly station master at Hassop)
William Henry Buxton 1881–1896 (afterwards station master at Lincoln)
Richard William Mapp ca. 1897–1901 (afterwards station master at Gloucester)
Thomas Pitt 1901–1905 (afterwards station master at St Albans)
Henry Merryweather 1905–1924
William Washbourne 1924–????
Arthur H. Washbourne ca. 1934
Henry Foster 1938–1947
Edmund T. Jackson 1947–1955 (formerly station master at Spondon)
References
References
Sources
Pixton, B., (2000) North Midland: Portrait of a Famous Route, Cheltenham: Runpast Publishing
The North Midland Railway Guide, (1842) Republished 1973, Leeds: Turntable Enterprises
Naylor, P. (Ed) (2000) An Illustrated History of Belper and its Environs Belper: M.G.Morris
External links
"Picture the Past" Original Station at Belper
"Picture the Past" Belper Station circa 1910
"Picture the Past" Station building c.1955
History of Derbyshire
Railway stations in Derbyshire
Former Midland Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1840
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1878
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1878
Railway stations served by East Midlands Railway
Belper
Francis Thompson railway stations
South Galloway Township is a township in Christian County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
South Galloway Township was named for the old Galloway family.
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Christian County, Missouri
Sanawon is a duo from Chicago, Illinois. The band's name is Korean for fierce. After touring extensively as a solo artist and promoting their own A.I.R. (Asians in Rock) tour with Asian Man Records' Mike Park, singer-songwriter Jenny Choi recruited the help of longtime drummer Philip Stone to create an indie/pop band.
Sanowan have toured with bands such as Mike Park, Colossal, The Like Young, Versus, Ida, and Beauty Pill.
Recently, Jenny Choi provided cello and backing vocals for several songs on Sundowner's debut album, Four One Five Two.
Discography
The Promise (2011, Quote Unquote Records)
Bonfire Night (2007, Ona Records)
Tiny Airplane (2005, Suburban Home Records)
External links
Official website
Sanawon on MySpace
Musical groups from Chicago
Rock music duos
Alternative rock groups from Illinois
The Lindenwood Lady Lions women represented Lindenwood University in CHA women's ice hockey during the 2015-16 NCAA Division I women's ice hockey season. The Lady Lions finished conference play in fifth place, and were eliminated in the first round of the CHA Tournament Final by Robert Morris.
Offseason
May 19: Nicole Hensley attended the Team USA Goaltending Development Camp.
Recruiting
Roster
2015–16 Lady Lions
Schedule
|-
!colspan=12 style=" "| Regular Season
|-
!colspan=12 style=" "|CHA Tournament
Awards and honors
Nicole Hensley G, 2015-16 All-CHA First Team
Sharra Jasper F, 2015-16 All-CHA First Team
Shannon Morris-Reade F, 2015-16 All-CHA Rookie Team
References
Lindenwood
Lindenwood Lions women's ice hockey seasons
Lindenwood
Lindenwood
Cassida panzeri is a species of beetle in the leaf beetle family, found in the Palearctic realm, and in the Honshu province of Japan. The host plants are in the family Asteraceae, and include Arctium lappa, Scorzonera humilis, Taraxacum officinale, Tragopogon pratensis and Cirsium species (including Cirsium arvense and Cirsium vulgare).
References
Cassidinae
Beetles described in 1907
Beetles of Asia
Taxa named by Julius Weise
Hyperuatas or Hypervatas () was a general of the Achaean League in Ancient Greece who served only for a year, 226–225 BC.
It was under their nominal command, though the real direction of affairs was in the hands of Aratus of Sicyon, that the Achaeans met with the decisive defeat at Battle of Dyme near Hecatombaeon.
References
Ancient Greek generals
3rd-century BC Greek people
Achaean League
Ecuador Highway 35 (E-35), officially named "Troncal de la Sierra" (Highland's Road) but colloquially known as "La Panamericana", is a primary highway in Ecuador. This road is Ecuador's portion of the Pan-American Highway. It connects all the cities and towns from the Sierra region, from Tulcán at the north (border with Colombia), passing through Quito, the country's capital, to the south border with Peru. Part of this highway is a toll road administered by Panavial, a private concessionary. The road condition is quite good, but it mostly goes through mountains and it has some bad trails around the province of Cañar (center-south of the country), making it a relatively dangerous road to travel on.
035
The Walleye dermal sarcoma virus (WDSV) is a retrovirus that infects walleye (Sander vitreus) often causing oncogenesis. WDSV is an exogenous retrovirus belonging to the subfamily Orthoretrovirinae. This virus is related to the walleye epidermal hyperplasia viruses type 1 and type 2 (WEHV-1& WEHV-2), all belonging to the epsilonretrovirus genus based on similarities of the gene coding for the reverse transcriptase conserved in retroviruses.
Infections
The virus infects soft tissues of the walleye, causing sarcoma neoplasia to form along the body, protruding from between the scales of the boney fish. Skin lesions from WDSV and WEHV were both identified in walleye from Oneida Lake, New York in 1969. The tumors associated with these viruses appear to have a seasonal cycle appearing in the fall then regressing in the springtime, an individual walleye appears to form the neoplasia once in the lifetime in the fish. In a season about 30% of walleye from Oneida Lake form tumors associated with WDSV. Transmission of the virus is suspected to be fish to fish contact during spawning. The regression correlates with the increase temperature in spring along with an increase in the walleye's immune activity.
Genome
With a genome of WDSV is 12.71 kb reading for 7 genes, WDSV is the largest known retrovirus genome. Of the 7 genes in three are common among retroviruses, group-specific antigen (gag), polymerase (pol), and envelope (env), the remaining four genes are por, orf-A, orf-B, and orf-C the orf genes' functions have been undetermined. The genetics in the virus is a single strand RNA.
References
Retroviridae
Felix St. Vrain, born Felix August Antoine St. Vrain (March 23, 1799–May 24, 1832), was an American United States Indian agent who was killed by Native Americans during the Black Hawk War. St. Vrain died along with three companions while on a mission to deliver dispatches from Dixon's Ferry to Fort Armstrong, both in Illinois. The incident has become known as the St. Vrain massacre.
They were the brother of Ceran St. Vrain, a St. Louis fur trader who was the partner of the Bent Brothers. Together they established Bent's Fort, the only privately held fort in the west. It is located at what is now La Junta, Otero County, Colorado.
Early life
Felix St. Vrain was born in St. Louis, Missouri, a son of Jacques DeHault Delassus de Saint-Vrain, a French aristocrat, who had immigrated to escape the violence of the French Revolution. Their mother was an ethnic French woman from St. Louis.
St. Vrain married Marie Pauline Grégoire in 1822, and eight years later settled in Kaskaskia, Illinois, a former French colonial city in the 18th century. Operating a sawmill in Kaskaskia, St. Vrain was 31 years old when they were appointed to replace Thomas Forsyth as a US Indian agent.
U.S. Indian agent
St. Vrain started working for the United States government as an Indian Agent in 1830. They were assigned to the Sauk and Fox nations around Rock Island, Illinois during William Clark's tenure as superintendent of the St. Louis Indian Agency. St. Vrain was appointed while Forsyth continued to criticize William Clark's administration. St. Vrain had almost no experience dealing with Indians but, as a member of a politically important St. Louis-French family, they had connections to U.S. Senator Elias Kent Kane. Kane was a close acquaintance of William Clark and recommended St. Vrain for the appointment.
Black Hawk War and St. Vrain Massacre
When the Black Hawk War began, St. Vrain was stationed at Fort Armstrong. The story circulated upon their death by Governor John Reynolds was that St. Vrain was keenly in tune with Indian culture and was treacherously murdered by a chief who had adopted them as a brother, even naming them Little Bear. This story is almost certainly not true.
While on a mission to deliver dispatches, from Dixon's Ferry, present-day Dixon, Illinois to Galena, under the command of General Henry Atkinson, Felix St. Vrain was killed, along with three other members of their party, on May 24, 1832. This incident was later known by Americans as the "St. Vrain Massacre". The St. Vrain party were most likely attacked by a band of pro-Sauk Ho-Chunk warriors, though sources disagree over the attackers' tribe.
St. Vrain and the other victims were buried by a detachment of soldiers under Colonel Henry Dodge. One account of the massacre, from Gen. George Wallace Jones (St. Vrain's brother-in-law and the man who identified their body), claimed the attackers scalped all of the dead men, and cut off the hands, head and feet of St. Vrain. They removed their heart, which they ate as part of their post-battle ritual to take on power of the enemy. The four men were buried in Kellogg's Grove. In 1834 (either January 6 or March 24) the U.S. Congress passed a bill to provided financial aid to St. Vrain's family. They made a 640-acre land grant to their wife in the state of Missouri.
See also
Kellogg's Grove
Warrior (steamboat)
Notes
External links
"William Clark papers" (Keyword search, St. Vrain) Kansas Historical Society accessed January 22, 2011.
1799 births
1832 deaths
American people of the Black Hawk War
American people of French descent
People from Kaskaskia, Illinois
People from St. Louis
United States Indian agents
London Taxi: Rush Hour (stylized as London Taxi: RusHour) is a budget title from Data Design Interactive and Metro 3D released across multiple platforms.
Plot
The player needs to choose a cab and driver then pick up hitchhikers and drive them to their destinations while speeding through traffic, going on sidewalks, and driving onto ramps through mid-air. It has been classified as a clone of the classic game franchise Crazy Taxi. Also because this game has no traffic lights, stop signs, or even law enforcers, the cab drivers get to ignore the speed limit and ram and/or evade other vehicles on the road just like in Crazy Taxi.
Reception
The PlayStation 2 version received "generally unfavorable reviews", while the Wii version received "overwhelming dislike", according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.
References
2006 video games
Cancelled Xbox games
Data Design Interactive games
PlayStation 2 games
Racing video games
Video games about taxis
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Video games set in London
Wii games
Windows games
Chimmini Dam is situated in Echippara in Chalakudy taluk of Thrissur District of Kerala state of India. It is constructed across Kurumali river, a tributary of the Karuvannur river. Chimmini is the largest dam of Thrissur district. The Chimminy Wild Life Sanctuary is located close to the dam. Construction of the 495-metre masonry and 686-metre earthen dam started in 1975 and it was completed in 1996. Total cost of the project was Rs 59.71 crore although the cost of construction of the dam was initially estimated at Rs 36.15 crore.
The reservoir attract tourists and there are coracles ride available at the reservoir. The dam was commissioned in 1996. One uniqueness about this dam is the absence of canal system. The water contained in the reservoir is made available to the Kole fields and paddy fields by means of the river and the existing canal system through a regulator. No artificial canal system was set up for this purpose.
Many different streams reach the Chimmini reservoir . The Chimmini Dam and the reservoir share borders with Mangalam Dam and the Parambikkulam Wildlife Reserve. The Chimmini catchment area is spread over a 10 square kilometre area within an area of 85 square kilometres which is declared as a reserve forest in 1984. Established in 1984, the Chimmini Wildlife Sanctuary is situated contiguous with the Peechi-Vazhani Sanctuary and spreads around 85.067 square kilometers. There is Bamboo Rafting, birding trail, butterfly safari, Jungle craft and animal tracking etc. for the tourists.
Hydroelectric Project
Chimmini Small Hydro Electric project envisages the usage of water from the Chimminy water which is primarily for irrigation purposes. The water first flows through a penstock system which is 30 meters in length to a Power station with a turbine of 2.5 Megawatt capacity. After the power generation the water is made available for irrigation purposes and flows to a canal system. It produces 6.7 Million units of electricity annually. The power is then fed to a substation at Pudukkad.
External links
KSEB Telefilm on Chimmini hydroelectric project
References
Bamboo Rafting in Chimmini Dam
Dams in Kerala
Dams completed in 1996
Dams in Thrissur district
1996 establishments in Kerala
Robert "Judy" Gordon MacMillan (3 April 1865 – 3 April 1936) was a Scottish international rugby union player.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
MacMillan played club rugby for Edinburgh University, West of Scotland and London Scottish.
Provincial career
MacMillan was capped by Glasgow District to play in the inter-city on 3 December 1887.
On 22 December 1894 they played for the Provinces District against the Cities District side.
International career
MacMillan played international rugby for Scotland for over 11 seasons, and in 1891 they represented the British Isles team on their South Africa.
Administrative career
MacMillan was made vice-president in 1899 when they were still with London Scottish.
They became the 27th President of the Scottish Rugby Union. They served the 1900–1901 term in office.
Family
MacMillan was born in 1865, the eldest son of John Gordon MacMillan and Margaret Holmes.
Outside of rugby
MacMillan was an insurance underwriter for Lloyds. They were an underwriter from 1890 to 1923. In 1924 they became a non-underwriting member.
They played cricket while at Merchiston Castle School. They also liked rowing and golf.
Death
MacMillan owned Somerford House - an old vicarage, which they bought in 1922, rebuilt and added stables - in Somerford Keynes near Cirencester. They also had a house in Chelsea and other lands. They were killed when out on a fox hunt in 1936 with the Vale of White Horse Hounds in Cirencester Park. These were owned by Earl Bathurst; MacMillan had hunted with Bathurst for years. They were killed on their 71st birthday - the hunt was organised to celebrate their birthday - when their horse refused to jump a stone wall and they were thrown from the horse, breaking their neck. The hounds were in full cry after the first fox of the day.
The gross value of MacMillan's estate was estimated at £352,304, 17 shillings and 7d. For the most part MacMillan's estate went to their wife; most of the rest to other family, they had no children; but some of the bequests on their death went to their servants depending on their length of service.
References
1865 births
1936 deaths
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Rugby union forwards
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Scotland
Edinburgh University RFC players
West of Scotland FC players
London Scottish F.C. players
Insurance underwriters
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Provinces District (rugby union) players
Glasgow District (rugby union) players
Presidents of the Scottish Rugby Union
Rugby union players from Edinburgh
Austin J. Rhodes (25 February 1937 – 12 February 2019) was an English World Cup winning professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s and 1960s, and coached in the 1970s. They played at representative level for Great Britain, and at club level for St Helens (Heritage No. 727) (two spells), Leigh (Heritage No. 712) and Swinton as a goal-kicking or , i.e. number 1, 3 or 4, 6 or, 7, and coached at club level for Swinton and Pilkington Recs.
Background
Austin Rhodes' birth was registered in St Helens, Lancashire, England, and they were a pupil at St Austin's School in Thatto Heath.
Playing career
International honours
Austin Rhodes won caps for Great Britain while at St Helens in the 1957 Rugby League World Cup against New Zealand, in the 1960 Rugby League World Cup against France (2-tries) and Australia (2-goals), and in 1961 against New Zealand.
Championship Final appearances
Austin Rhodes played , and scored 10-goals in St. Helens' 44-22 victory over Hunslet in the Championship Final during the 1958–59 season at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 16 May 1959.
County league appearances
Austin Rhodes played in St. Helens' victory in the Lancashire County League during the 1959–60 season and 1968–69 season.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Austin Rhodes played , and scored 2-goals in St. Helens 13-2 victory over Halifax in the 1955–56 Challenge Cup Final during the 1955–56 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 28 April 1956, in front of a crowd of 79,341, and played , and scored 3-goals and 2-drop goals in the 12-6 victory over Wigan in the 1960–61 Challenge Cup Final during the 1960–61 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 13 May 1961, in front of a crowd of 94,672.
County Cup Final appearances
Austin Rhodes played in St. Helens' 3-10 defeat by Oldham in the 1956–57 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1956–57 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 20 October 1956, played , and scored 2-goals in the 4-5 defeat by Warrington in the 1959–60 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1959–60 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 31 October 1959, played , and scored 1-try, and 3-goals in the 15-9 victory over Swinton in the 1960–61 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1960–61 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 29 October 1960, played , and scored 1-try, and 5-goals in the 25-9 victory over Swinton in the 1961–62 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1961–62 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 11 November 1961, played in Leigh's 4-15 defeat by St. Helens in the 1963–64 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1963–64 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens on Saturday 26 October 1963, and played in St. Helens' 30-2 victory over Oldham in the 1968–69 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1968–69 season at Central Park, Wigan on Friday 25 October 1968.
Tour matches
Austin Rhodes played , and scored 1-try, and 7-goals in St. Helens 44-2 victory over Australia in the 1956-57 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain and France during the 1956–57 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens on Saturday 24 November 1956, played , and scored 1-goals in St. Helens 2-15 defeat by Australia in the 1959-60 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain and France during the 1959–60 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens on Saturday 10 October 1959.
Genealogical information
Austin Rhodes' marriage to Marlene L. (née May) was registered during third ¼ 1963 in St. Helens district. They had children; Martyn J. Rhodes (birth registered during first ¼ in Prescot district), and Karen L. Rhodes (birth registered during fourth ¼ in Widnes district).
Rhodes died on 12 February 2019, aged 81.
References
External links
!Great Britain Statistics at englandrl.co.uk (statistics currently missing due to not having appeared for both Great Britain, and England)
(archived by web.archive.org) Saints slaughter Kangaroos
1937 births
2019 deaths
English rugby league coaches
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Leigh Centurions players
Pilkington Recs coaches
Rugby league centres
Rugby league five-eighths
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league players from St Helens, Merseyside
St Helens R.F.C. players
Swinton Lions coaches
Swinton Lions players
The 1964 Australia Cup was the third season of the Australia Cup, which was the main national association football knockout cup competition in Australia.
Teams
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Replay
Final
References
Australia Cup
1964 in Australian soccer
Aust
Dystasia nubila is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1886. It is known from Sumatra and Borneo.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1886
Zemono () is a small settlement in the Vipava Valley north of the town of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Zemono Manor
The Zemono Manor, built on a small hill above the settlement, is a 17th-century manor house. Unusually for the area, it is built in the Palladian style with a rectangular floor plan. The renovated building is surrounded by a park and vineyards.
References
External links
Zemono at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Vipava
Ashkelon may refer to:
Places
Ashkelon, a coastal city in the South District of Israel
Organizations
Ironi Ashkelon, Israeli basketball team
Hapoel Ashkelon F.C., Israeli football club
Hof Ashkelon Regional Council, a regional council surrounding Ashkelon, Israel
Eilat Ashkelon Pipeline Company, an Israeli petroleum company
Schools
Ashkelon Academic College
Other
Ashkelon Railway Station, a railway station in Ashkelon, Israel
The Streets of Ashkelon, a science fiction short story by Harry Harrison
See also
Ascalon (disambiguation)
Kol Mevaser () is a Yiddish broadcaster, which runs as a news hotline. It has options for news, weather forecasts and traffic reports, together with scholarly information on several issues which are important to the Yiddish-speaking Haredi Jewish community, and interviews with important figures.
Programming and content
Kol Mevaser was established in 2005 by Zalmen Wieder who is still the main news presenter on the hotline. Kol Mevaser serves as a replacement for radio broadcasting for the Yiddish-speaking Orthodox Jewish community which relies heavily on news and information within the community that is delivered in Yiddish. It is one of the main sources of information for the Yiddish-speaking community globally with the largest audiences in the US, Canada, Israel and the U.K.
The news is broadcast throughout the day, with the main news programs – the local & world news and Jewish news – being updated twice a day. Beside the bulletin that's being updated constantly during daytime and during the night only in time of major political or other news developing .The political news and business news are updated daily by Yossi Gestetner who also gives analysis on current events. Other categories are updated less frequently, and interviews are conducted by Yitzchok Shloma Dresnser.
Listening options are news (Jewish, Hasidic, local, national, world, political, health, business) and current event interviews; weather; lottery winning numbers; long interviews, health, business and politics; Torah issues (including history and biographies of Tzadikim); traffic and a special music section with the latest in Religious Jewish music.
Contributors
Breaking/Main News: Zalmen Wieder
Traffic Reports: David Goldstein
Business/Political News: Yossi Gestetner
Health: Hershel Meisels and Yoel Meirowitz
Weird/Odd News: Ari Abramowitz
Music interviewer and talk show host: Velvel Schmeltzer
Interviews: Yitzchok Shloma Dresnser and Hendel Breuer
U.S. Current Events Analysis: Yossi Gestetner,
Political science and criticism: Yitchok Klar, Shimon Rolnitski, Yoel Felzen, Yosef Chaim Yoine Cohen Rapaport ("Yoine Cohen"), and Avrohom Yakov Terkeltaub ("Jake Turx"), senior White House correspondent for Ami Magazine.
Global Affairs Analysis: Hershel Friedman and Mechel Fisher
Community Matters: Rabbi Shaul Klein, Rabbi Avrohom Yakov Vozner, Pinchas Glauber and Shaya Itzkowitz ("Eliezer Krausz")
Psychology: Shimon Green, Naftali Stein and Mordechai Weinberger (LCSW)
Access Manu
1 News, weather, lottery,
1 News
1 Yiddish news,
2 general news,
3 bulletins,
4 news interviews,
5 political news,
7 business news,
2
Weather
3
Lottery
3 interview ,analysis, and history,
1 general Interviews
2 health
1 rabbi hearshel missels
2 yitzchock klahr
3 mordchai weinberger (pda) q&a
4 yoel mayorovits
5 shimon green
4 business and economy
1 yossi gesstetner
2 eli ekstein
3 yakov engel (economic observations)
4 yitzchock ekstein
5 isumer ginzburg
6 Shimon green (business relations)
7 stock market updates
8 motty klein & pinchas glober
9 aron gotlib (real estate knowledge)
0 experience & success interviews
7 holocaust history
8 political analysis and criticism
Weekly analyses by hershel friedman, turks, yoel mayorovitsh, shulem fried, avrum chaim friedman, yoel weber,
9 informative corners
1 shaul klein
2 pinchas glauber
3 yoel felzn
4 laizer kraus
5 velvy feldman
6 shimon ralnitzki
7 ari abramovits
8 Mandy baum
9 pinchas glauber Q&A
7 traffic conditions
8 torah corners
Yiddish24
In July 2019, Kol Mevaser released a website and a app called "Yiddish24" for iOS and Android users. The website and app offer the same content that is broadcast on the Kol Mevaser hotline.
See also
Haredi news hotline
References
External links
"קול מבשר נייעס" (in Yiddish)
"אקטועלע אנאליזן מיט הרב אליעזר קרויס-קול מבשר" (in Yiddish)
Political mass media in the United States
Broadcast journalism
Haredi Judaism in New York City
Mass media companies based in New York City
Mass media companies established in 2005
Mass media in New York (state)
Orthodox Judaism in New York City
Telecommunication services
Telephone newspapers
Yiddish-language mass media in the United States
Silvio Canevari (21 January 1893 – 1 August 1932) was an Italian sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1893 births
1932 deaths
20th-century Italian sculptors
20th-century Italian male artists
Italian male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Viterbo
The Kurrichane thrush (Turdus libonyana) is a species of bird in the thrush family Turdidae. The species is found from central through to southern Africa. Its natural habitat is dry savanna and woodland, predominantly miombo woodland.
Taxonomy and etymology
The Kurrichane thrush was described in 1836 by the zoologist Andrew Smith, on the basis of a specimen collected in the Transvaal in South Africa. It was originally assigned to the defunct genus Merula. The species is a sister species to the Comoro thrush.
The specific epithet of the Kurrichane thrush, libonyana, is derived from the Tswana name for the red-billed buffalo weaver, Lebonyana. It was given by mistake to this species, possibly because it also has a reddish bill. Its common name is derived from a corruption of Kaditshwene (rendered as 'Kurrichane'), a former town in northern South Africa where the original specimen was collected.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Angola, Botswana, Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Eswatini, Lesotho, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Tanzania, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Description
The Kurrichane thrush is long and weighs around . The head, upperparts and breast are grey, and the belly is whitish with orange flanks. The throat is white with black streaks on the side. The bill is orange, tending to a paler yellow at the base. The legs tend to vary in colour. Both sexes are alike.
References
External links
Kurrichane thrush - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
Kurrichane thrush
Birds of Southern Africa
Kurrichane thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Fasten Inc. is an American vehicle for hire company based in Boston, Massachusetts. Founded in 2015, it ceased U.S. operations in 2018 and was acquired by the Vezet Group.
History
Founded in 2015 by CEO Kirill Evdakov, CMO Roman Levitskiy and COO Vlad Christoff, Fasten was first launched in September 2015 in Boston. In its initial round of funding, Fasten raised $9.2 million, contributed wholly by chairperson Evgeny Lvov. Using the company's mobile app, customers can send requests for rides, which are then dispatched to the nearest available drivers. Fasten has emphasized that for every trip completed by a driver, the company only takes $0.99 of the fare, a lower commission compared to competing transportation businesses such as Uber and Lyft, which both take a percentage of the fare. In its first year, Fasten made a revenue of $500,000.
In its first year in Boston, Fasten mostly targeted college students in the Boston and Cambridge area. The company offered promotions such as $5 for any ride under 20 minutes, $3 off your first 100 rides, and free rides between midnight and 3am, with Fasten paying the difference between promotional prices and actual prices to drivers. To attract drivers, Fasten offered to pay drivers for not only the time the customer was in the car, but also for the distance and time covered when the driver was travelling to pick up their passenger. Evdakov stated that in its first year, Fasten's driver base in Boston "grew 300% quarter by quarter."
On March 2nd, 2018, the company announced to its riders and drivers that it would shut down all of its operations in the United States. Fasten has been acquired by Vezet Group, one of the top 10 ride-hailing companies in the world.
App
In order to use Fasten, both riders and drivers need a GPS enabled smartphone with the app installed. Currently available in the Google Play Store for Android devices, and from the App Store for devices powered by Apple's iOS. From this app, riders can enter a start (usually their current location) and end destination, and can request either a four- or six-seat car. Before requesting, riders will see an estimated wait time, an estimated time until arrival at destination, and an estimated cost. Instead of surge pricing in the app, Fasten offers potential riders the option to "boost" their ride, where riders can offer to pay drivers more in order to secure a ride during times of high demand. Upon requesting a ride, nearby drivers are notified of the pending request, and can choose whether or not to accept it. Drivers also see whether the rider has boosted the ride or not, and the multiplier of the booster.
Once a driver has accepted the request, the rider is able to view the driver's profile, including photo, the make and model of their car, license plate, and rating. Fasten rates drivers on a percentage scale, with riders giving drivers either thumbs up or down after each ride. Riders also see an estimated time until the driver arrives, with the driver's real-time position being shown on the map.
Customers have the option of contacting their driver through either phone or text. These communications are conducted through Fasten's servers, with Fasten providing both rider and driver with a temporary phone number to ensure anonymity. Fasten has emphasized that they require drivers to pull over before responding to phone calls or texts.
Another feature of the app is real-time pricing. While on the ride, riders can see the real-time fare they will be charged in the app as they travel along their route. This is similar to taxi cab pricing, and differs from Uber and Lyft, which offer either upfront pricing or calculate the fare to be paid after the trip has finished.
Driver fees
Fasten takes a fixed $0.99 commission for every trip completed by a driver, unlike competitors Uber and Lyft, which both take around 20-30% of the fare riders pay. According to its website, Fasten drivers can also elect to pay a fixed $20 daily fee or $80 weekly fee, pocketing in whole all fares made during this period.
Drivers use their own cars, and must pay for their own fuel, car maintenance, and car insurance. During the ride, Fasten also offers additional and increasing levels of insurance coverage while a driver is looking for riders, while a driver is in transit to pick up a passenger, and while a passenger is on the ride, respectively.
Drivers must undergo rigorous background checks before being allowed to work for Fasten. The company reviews an applicants county and federal courthouse records, state criminal databases, national sex offender registry, social security history, and motor vehicle records. Evdakov also stated that Fasten requires drivers' cars to be manufactured later than 2005 for safety reasons.
References
External links
Transport companies established in 2015
Ridesharing companies of the United States
American companies established in 2015
Privately held companies of the United States
Companies based in Boston
Tengku Muhammad Fakhry Petra ibni Almarhum Sultan Ismail Petra (born 7 April 1978) is a member of the Kelantan Royal Family, who is the Tengku Bendahara of Kelantan and second in line of succession to the Kelantan throne.  They are the younger brother of the current Sultan of Kelantan, Sultan Muhammad V.
Early life and education
Tengku Fakhry was born in Kota Bharu, Kelantan on 7 April 1978 as the third of four children of the 28th Sultan of Kelantan, Sultan Ismail Petra and Raja Perempuan Tengku Anis. Their eldest brother is Sultan Muhammad V, the current Sultan of Kelantan and the 15th Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia, and the second eldest is Tengku Muhammad Faiz Petra, the Tengku Mahkota of Kelantan. Their youngest sister is Tengku Amalin A'ishah Putri, the Tengku Maharani Putri.
Tengku Fakhry began their early education at Sultan Ismail Primary School (1) in Kota Bharu, Kelantan. They continued their studies at United World College in Singapore and then studied A-Levels at Hurtwood House in England. They graduated with a Bachelor's degree in Finance from the University of Westminster, London.
Personal life
Tengku Fakhry married Manohara Odelia Pinot, an Indonesian model on 26 August 2008 in Kota Bharu, Kelantan. They met in December 2006 at a dinner held by the Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia at time, Najib Razak. Manohara filed for divorce in May 2009, alleging that they had been endured physical and mental abuse from their husband. Tengku Fakhry denied these claims and their lawyer alleged that they were "out of spite" and "motivated by a desire of financial gains". The scandal received widespread media attention in both Malaysia and Indonesia.
Titles and honours
Titles
Tengku Fakhry was earlier conferred the title of Tengku Temenggong of Kelantan in March 1997 by their father, Sultan Ismail Petra but the title was stripped by their brother, Sultan Muhammad V in September 2010. In April 2022, Tengku Fakhry was conferred the title of Tengku Bendahara of Kelantan by their brother, Sultan Muhammad V.
Honours
Recipient of the Royal Family Order of Kelantan or Star of Yunus (DK) (revoked 2010 and reinstated 2019)
(revoked 2010)''
Note: * Both awards were rescinded in 2010. DK was reinstated some time in 2019. Status of the SPMK award is unknown.
Ancestry
References
People from Kota Bharu
People from Kelantan
1978 births
Living people
Royal House of Kelantan
Malaysian Muslims
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Confronting the Truth is a documentary film by Steve York about truth and reconciliation commissions and how they work. The film focuses on the past commissions in South Africa, Peru, East Timor, and Morocco. The film was produced for the United States Institute for Peace (USIP) and includes interviews with a number of people involved in transitional justice, the process of fairly confronting the legacy of past crimes committed during armed conflict, including Nobel Peace Prize winners Archbishop Desmond Tutu and Jose Ramos Horta.
USIP screened Confronting the Truth as part of its Rule of Law program in Iraq, where it hopes to generate understanding and spark public dialogue on the usefulness of the truth commission process. It has distributed some 440 DVDs of the Arabic and Kurdish language versions of the film in Iraq.
USIP also screened the film in Nepal, where it organized a series of roundtable discussions from 10 to 17 July 2007 to discuss transitional justice options pursued by other countries after conflict. Each roundtable included a presentation of various mechanisms to address past abuses, the presentation of Confronting the Truth, and a discussion on the prospects for transitional justice in Nepal. USIP officials met with representative groups from civil society, victims of the multi-year armed conflict, the media, and government and political party representatives. The sessions took place in Nepal's capital city of Kathmandu, as well as in Banke, Bardiya, and Dang Districts in the mid-western region, the most affected region during the conflict.
USIP also used the film in its civil society workshops in Sudan.
The film screened as part of the Search for Common Ground Film Series at the United Nations. Harvard University showed it in 2008 as part of its Program on Negotiation.
See also
Truth and Reconciliation Commission (South Africa)
References
External links
A Force More Powerful Productions website
York Zimmerman Inc. website
American documentary films
Documentary films about reconciliation
Films directed by Steve York
Desmond Tutu
Çamköy is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
The Avtek 400A was an American prototype turboprop-powered business aircraft developed in the early 1980s. It was of unusual and distinctive configuration: a low-wing monoplane with two pusher engines mounted above the wings, and a large canard mounted atop the forward fuselage. The aircraft's sleek, futuristic design earned it a guest appearance on the Airwolf TV series as the X-400, the plane used by the villain Lou Stappleford in the episode Eagles.
The Avtek's structure made extensive use of advanced composite materials throughout.
In 1998, Avtek declared bankruptcy without the prototype having completed the testing required for US FAA type certification. The company's assets were purchased by AvtekAir, who planned to revive the project under the designation AvtekAir 9000T.
Specifications (Avtek 400A pre-production prototype)
See also
References
Further reading
External links
AvtekAir company website
luftfahrt-archiv.de
aerofiles.com
400
Abandoned civil aircraft projects of the United States
1980s United States business aircraft
Canard aircraft
Low-wing aircraft
Twin-engined pusher aircraft
Twin-engined turboprop aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1984
Andronikos Kakoullis (; born 3 May 2001) is a Cypriot footballer who plays as a forward for Omonia and the Cyprus national team.
Career statistics
Club
International career
They made their national team debut on 7 October 2020 in a friendly against the Czech Republic.
Honours
Omonia
Cypriot First Division: 2020–21
Cypriot Cup: 2021–22
Cypriot Super Cup: 2021
References
Living people
2001 births
Cypriot footballers
Cyprus youth international footballers
Cyprus international footballers
Association football forwards
AC Omonia players
Cypriot First Division players
The 2008–09 Barys Astana season was the Kontinental Hockey League franchise's 1st season and the last season of play at the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship, in parallel.
In 2008, Barys applied to join the newly formed Kontinental Hockey League. The league's authorities allowed Barys in, making it the first Kazakh team into the new league. The team won its first game in the KHL on September 3, 2008 abroad, defeating Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk 2-1 in the shootouts. They registered their first home game eleven days later by beating defending Russian champions Salavat Yulaev Ufa 3-2, this time again in shootout. The team finished its first season with a 15th place overall in the league (5th out of 6 in the highly competitive Chernyshev division). The team made the playoffs and faced Ak Bars Kazan in the first round (2nd overall in the league); Kazan swept Astana three games to nothing to advance to the second round. Kevin Dallman finished the season as the league's fifth best scorer with 28 goals and 30 assists (58 points) record; they also finished as the league's leader for shots on goal with 217. Konstantin Glazachev finished 9th overall in the league in scoring with 52 points (28 goals and 24 assists). Meanwhile, the team secured a second straight Kazakhstan Hockey Championship title.
Standings
Kontinental Hockey League
Divisional standings
Kazakhstan Hockey Championship
Final round
Schedule and results
Kontinental Hockey League
Regular season
|- style="text-align:center; background:#d0e7ff;"
| 1 || September 3 || Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk || 2-1 (SO) || Denis Franskevich || Neftekhimik Ice Palace || 5,500 || 0-0-1-0 || 2 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 2 || September 5 || Lada Togliatti || 1-2 || Denis Franskevich || Volgar Sports Palace || 2,900 || 0-1-1-0 || 2 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 3 || September 7 || Ak Bars Kazan || 2-3 || Marc Lamothe || TatNeft Arena || 4,600 || 0-2-1-0 || 2 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 4 || September 11 || Traktor Chelyabinsk || 3-4 || Denis Franskevich || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 4,200 || 0-3-1-0 || 2 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 5 || September 12 || Metallurg Magnitogorsk || 3-4 || Marc Lamothe || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 3,900 || 0-4-1-0 || 2 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#d0e7ff;"
| 6 || September 14 || Salavat Yulaev Ufa || 3-2 (SO) || Marc Lamothe || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 4,500 || 0-4-2-0 || 4 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#d0e7ff;"
| 7 || September 16 || Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk || 3-2 (OT) || Marc Lamothe || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 3,500 || 0-4-3-0 || 6 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 8 || September 17 || Ak Bars Kazan || 2-7 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,200 || 0-5-3-0 || 6 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 9 || September 21 || Amur Khabarovsk || 2-1 || Denis Franskevich || Platinum Arena || 7,100 || 1-5-3-0 || 9 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 10 || September 23 || Sibir Novosibirsk || 4-2 || Denis Franskevich || Ice Sports Palace Sibir || 5,500 || 2-5-3-0 || 12 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 11 || September 26 || Metallurg Novokuznetsk || 4-3 || Denis Franskevich || Kuznetsk Metallurgists Arena || 5,200 || 3-5-3-0 || 15 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 12 || September 29 || Atlant Moscow Oblast || 3-4 || Denis Franskevich || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 3-6-3-0 || 15 ||
|-
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 13 || October 1 || HC MVD || 4-2 || Marc Lamothe || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 4,200 || 4-6-3-0 || 18 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 14 || October 2 || Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod || 3-0 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 3,500 || 5-6-3-0 || 21 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#ffeeaa;"
| 15 || October 8 || CSKA Moscow || 3-4 (OT) || Alexei Kuznetsov || CSKA Ice Palace || 4,100 || 5-6-3-1 || 22 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#d0e7ff;"
| 16 || October 10 || Vityaz Chekhov || 5-4 (OT) || Denis Franskevich || Ice Hockey Center 2004 || 2,000 || 5-6-4-1 || 24 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 17 || October 12 || Spartak Moscow || 3-4 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Luzhniki Minor Arena || 2,900 || 5-7-4-1 || 24 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 18 || October 14 || Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk || 2-4 || Denis Franskevich || Neftekhimik Ice Palace || 4,500 || 5-8-4-1 || 24 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 19 || October 18 || Dinamo Minsk || 5-2 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 6-8-4-1 || 27 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 20 || October 20 || Dinamo Riga || 3-0 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 7-8-4-1 || 30 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#d0e7ff;"
| 21 || October 22 || Dynamo Moscow || 5-4 (SO) || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,500 || 7-8-5-1 || 32 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 22 || October 26 || Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod || 3-2 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Trade Union Sport Palace || 5,400 || 8-8-5-1 || 35 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 23 || October 28 || Severstal Cherepovets || 6-2 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Ice Palace Cherepovets || 2,700 || 9-8-5-1 || 38 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 24 || October 30 || Lokomotiv Yaroslavl || 1-7 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Arena 2000 || 9,046 || 9-9-5-1 || 38 ||
|-
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 25 || November 1 || SKA Saint Petersburg || 2-4 || Denis Franskevich || Ice Palace Saint Petersburg || 3,000 || 9-10-5-1 || 38 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 26 || November 15 || Avangard Omsk || 4-2 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 10-10-5-1 || 41 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 27 || November 19 || Khimik Voskresensk || 6-3 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Podmoskovie Sports Palace || 3,100 || 11-10-5-1 || 44 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 28 || November 21 || Ak Bars Kazan || 0-7 || Alexei Kuznetsov || TatNeft Arena || 5,100 || 11-11-5-1 || 44 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 29 || November 25 || Khimik Voskresensk || 4-2 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 12-11-5-1 || 47 ||
|-
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 30 || December 1 || Avangard Omsk || 5-2 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Omsk Arena || 8,000 || 13-11-5-1 || 50 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 31 || December 6 || SKA Saint Petersburg || 1-4 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 13-12-5-1 || 50 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 32 || December 8 || Severstal Cherepovets || 1-4 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 13-13-5-1 || 50 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 33 || December 10 || Lokomotiv Yaroslavl || 3-6 || Marc Lamothe || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 13-14-5-1 || 50 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 34 || December 13 || Dynamo Moscow || 2-7 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 13-15-5-1 || 50 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 35 || December 22 || Dinamo Minsk || 3-2 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Minsk Sports Palace || 3,200 || 14-15-5-1 || 53 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 36 || December 24 || Dynamo Moscow || 6-7 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Luzhniki Minor Arena || 4,500 || 14-16-5-1 || 53 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#d0e7ff;"
| 37 || December 26 || Vityaz Chekhov || 3-2 (OT) || Marc Lamothe || Ice Hockey Center 2004 || 2,700 || 14-16-6-1 || 55 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 38 || December 28 || Dinamo Riga || 0-1 || Marc Lamothe || Arena Riga || 8,500 || 14-17-6-1 || 55 ||
|-
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 39 || January 4 || Vityaz Chekhov || 11-6 || Marc Lamothe || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 15-17-6-1 || 58 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 40 || January 5 || Spartak Moscow || 3-5 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 15-18-6-1 || 58 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 41 || January 7 || CSKA Moscow || 2-5 || Denis Franskevich || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 15-19-6-1 || 58 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 42 || January 15 || Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod || 1-6 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kuznetsk Metallurgists Arena || 5,400 || 15-20-6-1 || 58 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 43 || January 17 || Dynamo Moscow || 3-4 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Luzhniki Minor Arena || 3,300 || 15-21-6-1 || 58 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 44 || January 19 || Atlant Moscow Oblast || 1-5 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Mytishchi Arena || 5,500 || 15-22-6-1 || 58 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 45 || January 21 || HC MVD || 3-0 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Balashikha Arena || 4,300 || 16-22-6-1 || 61 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#d0e7ff;"
| 46 || January 26 || Amur Khabarovsk || 5-4 (SO) || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 16-22-7-1 || 63 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 47 || January 28 || Metallurg Novokuznetsk || 3-1 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 17-22-7-1 || 66 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#ffeeaa;"
| 48 || January 30 || Sibir Novosibirsk || 3-4 (SO) || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 17-22-7-2 || 67 ||
|-
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 49 || February 12 || Traktor Chelyabinsk || 1-3 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Traktor Ice Arena || 5,000 || 17-23-7-2 || 67 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 50 || February 14 || Metallurg Magnitogorsk || 2-5 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Arena Metallurg || 7,215 || 17-24-7-2 || 67 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#ffeeaa;"
| 51 || February 16 || Salavat Yulaev Ufa || 1-2 (OT) || Alexei Kuznetsov || Ufa Arena || 8,400 || 17-24-7-3 || 68 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 52 || February 20 || Ak Bars Kazan || 0-3 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 17-25-7-3 || 68 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#ffeeaa;"
| 53 || February 22 || Lada Togliatti || 3-4 (SO) || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 17-25-7-4 || 69 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 54 || February 24 || Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk || 6-5 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 18-25-7-4 || 72 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 55 || February 25 || Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod || 5-2 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 19-25-7-4 || 75 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 56 || February 25 || Vityaz Chekhov || 6-4 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 20-25-7-4 || 78 ||
|-
|-
| colspan=11 align="center"|
Playoffs
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 1 || March 2 || Ak Bars Kazan || 2–4 || Alexei Kuznetsov || TatNeft Arena || 5,400 || 0-1 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 2 || March 3 || Ak Bars Kazan || 2–4 || Alexei Kuznetsov || TatNeft Arena || 4,390 || 0-2 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fcc;"
| 3 || March 5 || Ak Bars Kazan || 1–2 (SO) || Alexei Kuznetsov || Kazakhstan Sports Palace || 5,000 || 0-3 ||
|-
|-
| colspan=11 align="center"|
Kazakhstan Hockey Championship
Final Round
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 1 || March 26 || Yertis Pavlodar || 5-1 || Denis Franskevich || Astana Ice Palace, Pavlodar, Kazakhstan || 1-0-0-0 || 3 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2 || March 27 || Gornyak Rudny || 8-0 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Astana Ice Palace, Pavlodar, Kazakhstan || 2-0-0-0 || 6 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 3 || March 28 || Kazakhmys Satpaev || 9-3 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Astana Ice Palace, Pavlodar, Kazakhstan || 3-0-0-0 || 9 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 4 || March 30 || Saryarka Karagandy || 3-1 || Alexei Kuznetsov || Astana Ice Palace, Pavlodar, Kazakhstan || 4-0-0-0 || 12 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#d0e7ff;"
| 5 || March 31 || Kazzinc-Torpedo || 4-3 (SO) || Alexei Kuznetsov || Astana Ice Palace, Pavlodar, Kazakhstan || 4-0-1-0 || 14 ||
|-
|-
| colspan=11 align="center"|
Final roster
Updated March 14, 2010.
|}
See also
2008–09 KHL season
References
Barys Astana seasons
Astana
Barys
Secil Marítima, a flagship in Angolan shipping, operates the terminals at Lobito, Luanda and Moçâmedes ports. The company has increased its shipping activities since the signing of the country's peace treaty in 2002, and is now a leader in freight forwarding.
The company specializes in providing maritime transport for goods and passengers up and down the Angolan coast, and is responsible for the transportation of all the goods imported by the state.
Shipping companies of Angola
The Yangon Ear, Nose and Throat Hospital () is a public specialist hospital located in Yangon, Myanmar. The Yangon ENT Hospital was called the Yangon Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat (EENT) Hospital on Alanpya Road. It was moved to the current location in 2000.
See also
List of hospitals in Yangon
References
Hospital buildings completed in 2000
Hospitals in Yangon
In experimental methodology, a round-robin test is an interlaboratory test (measurement, analysis, or experiment) performed independently several times. This can involve multiple independent scientists performing the test with the use of the same method in different equipment, or a variety of methods and equipment. In reality it is often a combination of the two, for example if a sample is analysed, or one (or more) of its properties is measured by different laboratories using different methods, or even just by different units of equipment of identical construction.
A round-robin program is a measurement systems analysis technique which uses analysis of variance (ANOVA) random effects model to assess a measurement system.
Round-robin tests regarding occupational safety and health
Companies are obliged to determine whether hazardous substances are in the air at the workplace by using appropriate measurements. To maintain the quality parameters for analytic procedures, the quality assurance methods are to be applied that are state-of-the-art. The Institute for Occupational Safety and Health of the German Social Accident Insurance (IFA) provides proficiency testing as support and assistance for the measuring stations worldwide for the purpose of self-examination and for the external presentation of quality standards. The PT schemes are conducted according to DIN EN ISO/IEC 17043 and DIN ISO 13528. The IFA organises the proficiency testing schemes in co-operation with the German association of environmental and OSH measurement bodies (BUA) and in collaboration with international partner institutes.
Purpose
There are different reasons for performing a round-robin test:
determination the reproducibility of a test method or process
verification of a new method of analysis. If a new method of analysis has been developed, a round-robin test involving proven methods would verify whether the new method produces results that agree with the established method.
providing basis, by interlaboratory testing, for certificates of quantitative analysis on a given material in certified reference materials production.
Further info
ASTM E691 Standard Practice for Conducting an Interlaboratory Study to Determine the Precision of a Test Method
IUPAC: Round Robin Test on the Molecular Characterization of Epoxy Resins by Liquid Chromatography
NIST/SEMATEK (2008) Handbook of Statistical Methods
References
Design of experiments
Statistical hypothesis testing
The banded woodpecker (Chrysophlegma miniaceum) or the banded red woodpecker is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Singapore, and Thailand. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
Description
The upper parts of the banded woodpecker are predominantly rufous-brown. The mantle is dull olive scaled with buff and the rump is yellow. The tail is chocolate-brown. The head is mostly rufous-brown with a shaggy yellowish nape. The chin, neck and throat are reddish-brown, the breast reddish barred with olive and the belly whitish, heavily barred with brownish-black. The sexes differ slightly; the male has a redder face and throat while the female's face and throat are browner, flecked with white. Both sexes have a dark beak, a chestnut eye with a bluish orbital ring, and greenish legs. Adult birds are about long.
Distribution and habitat
The species is native to tropical southeastern Asia. Its range extends from southern Myanmar through the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra and Borneo to Java. It is a sedentary, non-migratory species and is mainly found in the lowlands. Its main habitat is primary rainforest with vines, epiphytes, tangled shrubs and fallen trees, but it also inhabits secondary forest, plantations, coastal scrub, mangroves, parks, wooded suburbs and overgrown gardens.
Ecology
The banded woodpecker feeds singly or in pairs, foraging unobtrusively among vines and dense cover as well as higher in the canopy, probing into crevices, moss and epiphytes. The main items of diet are ants, their eggs and larvae, as well as other small invertebrates.
Breeding takes place at different times of year in different parts of the range. In the Malay Peninsula, nesting activities have been seen in January, with nestlings being present between February and August.
Status
C. miniaceum has a very wide range and is described as common in some areas and uncommon in others. The population has not been quantified, but in the absence of evidence to the contrary, is believed to be steady, especially as this bird has adapted to the use of human-made habitats. The International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
External links
banded woodpecker
Birds of Malesia
banded woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Thomas Pennant
Fishing Battery Light was the last lighthouse constructed in Maryland by John Donahoo. While still standing, it has been supplanted by a steel tower which stands adjacent to it.
History
Fishing Battery (also known as Donahoo Battery and Shad Battery at times) is an artificially constructed island, created to allow fishermen to transfer their catches to paddleboats whose draft barred them from entry to Havre de Grace. In 1851 Congress appropriated $5000 to erect a light on the island; this light was constructed in 1853 by John Donahoo, the last light they built on the Chesapeake Bay. Their role in the purchase of the land for the light is a bit of obscure, because although the main payment went to one Otho Scott, Donahoo was later paid $10 for the same plot. Donahoo had owned the island some ten years prior, and it is unclear whether they were paid for brokering the sale or to quit title claims.
The original structure was a brick one and half story house with the lantern in the center of the roof ridge, similar in form to those built at Point Lookout and Blakistone Island. Originally equipped with an all-but-obsolete wick and reflector, it gained a sixth order Fresnel lens within a few years, to be followed by a fifth order lens in 1899. The character of lantern was much criticized in official reports, and it was replaced in 1864 and again in 1867.
From 1880 to 1891 the United States Bureau of Fisheries leased the island, employing it as a fish hatchery, and eventually purchased it outright. Among a series of other improvements, the grade of the island was raised; when the floor of the light was raised to match the new grade, the walls were extended upwards and in essence the operation, including all of the keepers' habitation, was moved to the new second floor.
In 1928 the light was moved from the lantern to a skeleton tower which had been erected directly behind the house. The keepers continued to reside in the house until 1939, when the operation was automated. In 1942 the island was transferred to the Department of the Interior and was made part of the Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge. Though the tower continues in use, the old lighthouse was abandoned and has been heavily vandalized over the years. Local conservation and museum groups have been working to put together an effort to restore and conserve the light.
References
Fishing Battery Light, from the Chesapeake Chapter of the United States Lighthouse Society
Fishing Battery Lighthouse, from Lighthousefriends
External links
Chesapeake Bay Lighthouse Project - Fishing Battery Light
Lighthouses in Maryland
Lighthouses completed in 1853
Lighthouses completed in 1928
Transportation buildings and structures in Harford County, Maryland
Lighthouses in the Chesapeake Bay
Wang Xiaotang (born 1934) is a Chinese film actor, director and screenplay writer.  They are a major general of People's Liberation Army. They won Golden Rooster Award for Best Writing and A Hundred Flowers Award for Best Picture for their writing and directing for Fragrant Vows.
Filmography
References
External links
1934 births
Living people
Actresses from Henan
Writers from Kaifeng
Victims of the Cultural Revolution
Chinese film actores
Film directors from Henan
Egypt competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016. The country sent a delegation of 44 sportspeople. The team included 16-year-old Ayattalah Ayman, the youngest member of the delegation and the first woman to represent Egypt in swimming. It also included 41-year-old Ibrahim Al Husseini Hamadtou, the only table tennis player to compete while holding the paddle in their mouth.
Egypt finished the 2016 Games ranked second all time for total medals won by African countries. with 143 total medals, 45 gold, 43 silver and 55 bronze. For the 2016 Games, Egypt ranked fifth in total gold medals among African nations, claiming 3 golds. All but two of the medals won by Egyptians were in powerlifting.
Egypt competed in several sports including athletics, powerlifting, sitting volleyball, swimming and tennis.
Team
Egypt's team included 44 athletes, captained by Hayat Khattab. Ayattalah Ayman was the youngest member of the Egyptian delegation, competing at the Games as a 16 year old.
Background
Ahead of the Games, Khattab said at a press conference, “Our athletes are ready for the challenge, and the sponsorship that was provided to the champions will be repaid as they will gain a number of gold medals and raise the Egyptian flag." They also talked about challenges for qualification after changes were made to medal events following the 2012 Games, saying these changes, “made it difficult for a number of our athletes to make it to the Games. As an example, Mottawai Abdel-Baki, who has long experience in athletics, had to switch to sitting volleyball after their category in athletics was cancelled so we lost hope for a medal.”
Egypt's Minister of Youth and Sports Khaled Abdel-Aziz told their country's Paralympians ahead of the Games, “We are trying our best to give you an equal chance and I am sure you will collect more medals and that is why the ministry is delaying the celebration of the Olympians until you are back with the medals."
Medalists
Egypt finished the 2016 Games ranked second all time for total medals won by African countries, with 143 total medals, 45 gold, 43 silver and 55 bronze. They were ahead of third ranked Tunisia who had 74 all time, of which 32 were gold, 28 silver and 14 bronze. They were behind top ranked South Africa who have 280 total medals, 110 gold, 88 silver and 82 bronze.
For the 2016 Games, Egypt ranked fifth in total gold medals among African nations, claiming 3 golds. They were behind Nigeria, South Africa, Tunisia and Algeria. Egypt finished with 12 medals overall, including 5 silver and 4 bronze.
The following Egyptian athletes won medals at the Games. In the by discipline sections below, medalists' names are bolded.
| style="text-align:left; width:78%; vertical-align:top;"|
| style="text-align:left; width:22%; vertical-align:top;"|
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Six Egyptians competed in track and field at the 2016 Games.
Powerlifting
Egypt secured 17 quotas for Rio 2016. They were led to Rio by four time Paralympic gold medalist Fatma Omar. The team also included Sherif Othman and Metwalli Mathana. Metwalli Mathana appeared in their sixth Paralympic Games.
Historically, Egyptian powerlifters have faced a number of barriers despite their obvious success at the Paralympic Games. They have lacked financial support. Because of the low numbers of practitioners, there is a lack of awareness among parents of children with disabilities about the potential to get involved with powerlifting. These low numbers of practitioners also make the sport cost more, which further reduces participation numbers. The materials provided by the Egyptian Paralympic Committee, and for Disabled Sport Powerlifting Federation are also sometimes wanting in quality, and the cost of distributing them means they are sometimes hard to come by. It is also hard for Egyptians to go abroad, and to bring foreign lifers to Egypt to assist Egyptians in training.
Sitting volleyball
Egypt men's national sitting volleyball team qualified for the 2016 Games at the African Championships.
Men
Semi-final
Bronze medal game
Swimming
Ayattalah Ayman was Egypt's first female swimmer to compete at the Paralympic Games.
Table tennis
Egypt sent a five player strong delegation to Rio. The team included Ibrahim Al Husseini Hamadtou, the only table tennis player to compete while holding the paddle in their mouth. They went to the Rio Games when they were a 41-year-old. ElSaied Ragab was selected as an umpire for the Paralympic Games in table tennis.
See also
Egypt at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Egyptian sport
The following localities in Småland were granted a charter and town privileges from circa 1200 up until 1856:
The local government reform of 1863 made the individual charters obsolete and created the concept of municipalities in Sweden. The above mentioned localities with town priviligies were instituted as municipalities with the title of stad (city/town).
During the 20th century these localities were instituted as städer:
After 1951 no more städer were instituted and the local government reform of 1971 saw the abolishment of the term, replacing it with kommun for all municipalities, regardless of former status.
Today there is no official definition, but in some contexts (such as Sveriges Nationalatlas) localities with over 10,000 inhabitants are regarded as cities.
Urban areas in order of size
Below is a list of localities in the three administrative counties of Småland with a population greater than 10,000 as of 2005.
Jönköping, 84,423
Växjö, 59,600
Kalmar, 35,710
Västervik, 20,694
Värnamo, 18,469
Trelleborg, 25,643
Oskarshamn, 17,143
Nässjö, 14,810
Ljungby, 17,286
Tranås, 14,017
Vetlanda, 12,691
Nybro, 12,598
Gislaved, 10.091
See also
Stad (Sweden)
Municipalities of Sweden
Urban areas in Sweden
Towns in Smaland
Småland
Rock Edge Nature Reserve is a small nature reserve and park in an area that was once a limestone quarry in Headington, east Oxford, England.
The local geology is made up of an old tropical coral reef, with coral outcrops surrounded by old sand bottom beds, similar to what is found in the waters around the Bahamas today. A small track leads meanders around the old quarry, where fossils of ancient marine creatures can still be found.
Site of Special Scientific Interest
The Rock Edge quarry at the site is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI). The site covers 4 acres (1.6 hectares).
The site was formerly known as Crossroads Pit and has also been called Windmill Quarry since it was located just south of the main windmill in Headington. The name Cross Road Quarry has also been used.
References
1972 establishments in England
Nature reserves in Oxfordshire
Parks and open spaces in Oxford
Pingasa ruginaria is a species of moth of the family Geometridae first described by Achille Guenée in 1857. It is found in northern India, south-east Asia, the Ryukyu Islands and Sundaland.
The larvae have been recorded on Rhus, Liquidambar, Cinnamomum, Litsea, Crotalaria, Nephelium, Trema and Sterculiaceae species.
Subspecies
Pingasa ruginaria ruginaria (Guenée, [1858])
Pingasa ruginaria andamanica Prout, 1916
?Pingasa ruginaria communicans (Walker, 1860)
Pingasa ruginaria commutata (Walker, 1860)
Pingasa ruginaria interrupta Warren, 1901
Pingasa ruginaria pacifica Inoue, 1964
References
External links
Moths described in 1857
Pseudoterpnini
Moths of Japan
Moths of Africa
Khawa Karpo Tibet Culture Centre Charitable Trust is a non-profit organization that was founded on 16 April 2009. The organization is based in Dharamshala in Himachal Pradesh, India.
Mr. Serta Tsultrim who is the Executive Director of the organization is also the key founder of the group.  They are also a member of Tibetan parliament in-exile.
The organization publishes books and weekly newsletter for Tibetan community in exile.
Goals and Activities
The organization works to protect human rights of fellow Tibetans inside Tibet and strengthen the democratic establishment of Central Tibetan Administration in-exile.
It tries to achieve these goals by publishing books and weekly newsletter on Tibetan language, culture, religion, human rights and democratic values. Besides that it also actively maintains a tri-lingual news website in Mandarin, Tibetan and English languages respectively.
Books published in chronological order
A Chinese scholar's discussion on Tibet' written in Mandarin and later translated into Tibetan language by Bawa Kalsang Gyaltsen.
Pashul Serta Lorgue: History of Pashul Serta county. Written by Serta Tsultrim,
Nag-Tsang-Shilue-Kyidhug. Written by Nag-Tsang Nuedhen Lobsang, it is about the experience of Tibetans during the Chinese Cultural Revolution.
The history of Batang Place'. Written by Yeshi Gawa, it is about Batang Place in Eastern Tibet.
The glowing legacy: A brief history of Chosje Khenchen Jigmey Phuntsok and Serta La-rung Buddhist Institute' by Serta Tsultrim, about Khenpo Jigme Phuntsok.
Democracy in Exile' in Chinese by Su-Cha-Hong and translated by Shadong Tashi Gyatso into Tibetan . This book tells about the evolvement of democracy in exile under the 14th Dalai Lama.
New English-Tibetan-Chinese vocabulary: This new Tibetan vocabulary book was authored by Khenchen Tsultrim Lodro along with many Tibetan scholars.
Sungbum: a collected work of Khenpo Tsultrim Lodoe, one of the heart disciples of late Khenchen Jigmey Phuntsok.
Mi Na Ngotro: a book about people working with the 13th Dalai Lama. It is written by Narkyid Ngawang Dhondup.
Due Thok Charpa: The book reminds monastic institutions of the importance of taking care of proper Buddhist education. Khenpo Tsultrim Lodro is the author.
Rang Gyal Gi Mirig Nedhon Dang Mirig Ledhon Kor Ki Chirtok (Reflections on China's Ethnic and Nationality . Written by Bawa Phuntsok Wangyal,
Milam Karpo (Auspicious Dream): a spiritual poetry book written by Wangto Tulku Thupten Norbu.
See also
List of organizations of Tibetans in exile
References
External links
KTC website
Tibetan diaspora in India
Organisations based in Himachal Pradesh
2003 establishments in Himachal Pradesh
Political advocacy groups in India
Arleta Meloch (born 17 August 1979) is a Paralympian athlete from Poland competing mainly in category T20 middle distance events.  They are a two times Paralympic silver medalist and in 2011 at Christchurch they became the World Champion in the 1500m.
Notes
External links
Paralympic athletes of Poland
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic silver medalists for Poland
Living people
Polish female middle-distance runners
Polish female long-distance runners
World record holders in Paralympic athletics
1979 births
People from Grudziądz
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Sportspeople from Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
20th-century Polish women
21st-century Polish women
Şeyhali, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Callimetopus anichtchenkoi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Barševskis in 2015.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 2015
The Federal Correctional Complex, Coleman (FCC Coleman) is a United States federal prison complex for male inmates in unincorporated Sumter County, Florida, near Wildwood. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP), a division of the United States Department of Justice.
The facility is located in central Florida, approximately northwest of Orlando, northeast of Tampa, and south of Ocala.
The complex has of space. the complex, the largest correctional facility operated in the nation, altogether houses 7,120 prisoners, and 1,300 employees, making it one of the largest employers in the county. Most prisoners are sentenced for drug-related crimes, and most of the inmates had not been convicted of violent acts. According to Rachel Monroe of The Atlantic, the prison has held several unusual or notable criminals.
Prisoners are male with the exception of those in the female work camp. The prisoners on average have sentences of 10 years. Press reports indicate female prisoners have been raped by staff, and that widespread sexual abuse has been tolerated. Prosecutors have been unable to prosecute cases against the employees due to lack of evidence.
The complex consists of four facilities:
Federal Correctional Institution, Coleman Low (FCI Coleman Low): a low-security facility.
Federal Correctional Institution, Coleman Medium (FCI Coleman Medium): a medium-security facility with an adjacent satellite prison camp for minimum-security inmates.
United States Penitentiary I, Coleman (USP Coleman I): a high-security facility.
United States Penitentiary II, Coleman (USP Coleman II): a high-security facility.
See also
List of the United States federal prisons
Incarceration in the United States
References
Coleman
Buildings and structures in Sumter County, Florida
Prisons in Florida
Distant Cousins were an English band from Manchester. They are grouped within the Madchester scene, though the music was a blend of soul and pop. The group consisted of Doreen Edwards (vocals), Neil Fitzpatrick (ex-Smirks, guitar/sax), and "Snuff" (ex-Motivation, drums/percussion). Edwards and Fitzpatrick wrote most of the band's songs.
Simon Milner (vocals/piano) and Ian "Mog" Morris (bass), both also from The Smirks, performed as auxiliary members of the group in the studio. Milner also wrote one song on each of the group's two albums, as well as a non-LP B-side.
They were originally signed to independent label Ghetto Records for whom they recorded their first album. A re-recording of one of the album tracks "You Used To" became their first single in December 1989; it peaked at number 77 on the UK Singles Chart in January 1990. The band were subsequently signed to Virgin Records, but had no more chart hits and broke up after the release of their second album, 1992's Warm Hatred.
Discography
Albums
Distant Cousins (1989)
Warm Hatred (1992)
Singles
"You Used To" (1989), UK number 77
"Boo Hoo Hoo" (1990)
"You Used To '92" (1992)
"My Brother" (1992)
External links
Distant Cousins at The Smirks website
Fan page
English pop music groups
British soul musical groups
Madchester groups
Musical groups from Manchester
Javier Peregrina (born 21 May 1932) is a Mexican former sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1932 births
Living people
Mexican male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Mexico
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Guadalajara, Jalisco
Pan American Games medalists in shooting
Pan American Games silver medalists for Mexico
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Mexico
Shooters at the 1967 Pan American Games
20th-century Mexican people
The Conference of Communist and Workers Parties of Europe was an international meeting of communist parties, held in the city of East Berlin, capital of the communist-governed East Germany, on 29–30 June 1976. In all, 29 parties from all Europe (except Albania, Iceland and some microstates) participated in the conference.
The conference highlighted several important changes in the European communist movement. It exhibited the declining influence of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and a widening gap between the independent and orthodox camps amongst European communist parties, with the ascent of a new political trend, Eurocommunism.
Background
Held in Moscow, the 1969 International Meeting of Communist and Workers Parties was a debacle for its Soviet hosts, as several parties (most notably the Workers Party of Korea and the Workers Party of Vietnam), had boycotted the event, whilst others had used the meeting as a platform to condemn the Soviet Union's 1968 military intervention in Czechoslovakia. Following the 1969 colloquium, proposals were put forward for another international conference, with the Communist Party of the Soviet Union hoping to regain its lost prestige through such an event. However, many constituents of the world communist movement, primarily in Asia but also in Europe, were opposed to the holding of another international conference. Rather than holding a meeting representing the global communist movement, by the mid-1970s, most of the main communist parties in Europe had expressed an interest in holding a specifically European conference instead. During that decade, several political changes had occurred in Western Europe that various communist parties wanted to take advantage of; notably, Spain and Portugal had witnessed the transition from Fascist regimes to representative democracies, while the parliamentary isolation faced by the French and Italian communist parties had come to an end.
During the 1970s, a new theoretical trend had emerged in several Western European communist parties that came to be known as Eurocommunism. Rejecting the domination of the Soviet Communist Party, it emphasized the development of theories and practices that were more applicable to Western Europe. The Soviet government disliked this Eurocommunist trend, and hoped that through holding a conference, they could achieve a document constituting a de facto charter of the European communist movement which would maintain their dominant role. Soviet discourse did at the time emphasize the importance of a united communist movement across the continent, denying differences between parties and labelling the distinction between Eastern and Western Europe as artificial.
Preparations
There was a prolonged process of preparation before the conference convened. Intense negotiations took place between October 1974 and June 1976, although accounts vary as to how many meetings actually took place, with claims ranging from 12 to 16. The first preparatory meeting was held in Warsaw, capital of Poland. Throughout the preparatory process, the Spanish, Italian, French, Romanian and Yugoslav parties pressed for recognition of the autonomy of each party, whilst the Czechoslovaks, Polish, Hungarians, Bulgarians and East Germans rallied to the defense of Soviet positions. The disagreements during the preparatory process delayed the conference for a year.
At an early stage, an agreement was reached that any document approved by the conference would have to be adopted by consensus. Another agreement was that the agenda of the conference would be limited to themes relating to peace, security, disarmament and the struggle for social progress. The last two editorial meetings for the drafting of the conference resolution were held in East Berlin on June 10–11 and June 24, 1976.
Unlike the previous International Meetings of Communist and Workers Parties, the League of Communists of Yugoslavia participated in the preparations and the conference (however, the Party of Labour of Albania did not participate). The Communist Party of Greece (Interior), a Eurocommunist splinter group, was barred from participating in the conference. The Icelandic People's Alliance boycotted the conference.
Parallel to the conference preparations, the Italian Communist Party organized two bilateral events with its two main Eurocommunist counterparts; a meeting with the Communist Party of Spain in Livorno in July 1975 and a summit with the French Communist Party in Rome in the summer 1976. The Eurocommunists were not a solid bloc, and sharp differences between the parties were manifested during the preparatory process. The French party, whilst criticizing the lack of civil liberties in the Soviet Union, was hesitant to give up proletarian internationalism for the concept of international solidarity proposed by the Italians. Differences on how to analyze the situation in Portugal following the Carnation Revolution divided the French and Italian parties. The French voiced their support for the strategy of the Portuguese Communist Party whilst the Italians publicly criticized the Portuguese party.
Debates and document
Albeit without direct polemical exchanges, the speeches made at the conference showed diversity between positions the communist parties present. In their speeches, Santiago Carrillo, Enrico Berlinguer and George Marchais decried aspects of the Soviet political system. Berlinguer stated that West European communists favoured a democratic state, political pluralism, freedom of expression, free trade unions and religious freedoms. In their address to the assembled delegates, the Yugoslav leader Josip Broz Tito stated that "[c]ommunists must accept different roads in the struggle for socialism, independence, equality and non-interference in internal affairs". The Romanian leader Nicolae Ceaușescu also voiced support for principles of independence of individual parties and non-interference. Other participants that argued for the Eurocommunist cause at the conference were Lars Werner from Sweden, Gordon McLennan from Britain, Ermenegildo Gasperoni from San Marino and, to a lesser extent, the Finnish Communist Party chief Aarne Saarinen.
On the other hand, there were also interventions from other delegates whom re-affirmed their adherence to the line of the Soviet party. The Bulgarian communist leader Todor Zhivkov, in their intervention, took a firmer stand than the Soviets in upholding the notion of general laws of socialist development (as opposed to the idea that each party should develop its own way of building socialism), denouncing revisionism and underlining the dual responsibility of the individual communist party (both to its own people and the world communist movement). Gustáv Husák of Czechoslovakia and the East German host, Erich Honecker, were also amongst the prominent spokespersons of the orthodox camp. Other parties that voiced their support for the Soviets, in varying degrees, were the Greek, Portuguese, West German, Luxembourgish, Danish, West Berlin, Turkish, Norwegian and Austrian parties.
The Soviet party leader Leonid Brezhnev adopted a more conciliatory tone than their orthodox colleagues. They urged the conference to reaffirmation its commitment to proletarian internationalism, but without references to dual responsibility and mutual assistance (which had been cornerstones of Soviet discourse on the subject). Edward Gierek of Poland and János Kádár of Hungary also placed themselves within the orthodox camp in their speeches to the conference, but kept a lower profile and expressed certain individual nuances.
Apart from the main antagonists at the Berlin meeting, there was also a grouping of parties that were reluctant to choose either the Eurocommunist or the orthodox side. This grouping included the Cypriot, Belgian, Dutch, Irish and Swiss delegates.
The final document of the conference was titled "For Peace, Security, Cooperation and Social Progress in Europe". The document contained several novelties compared to previous practices in the world communist movement. One of the most prominent features of the document was the recognition of the principle of "equality and independence of all communist parties and their right to decide their own policies without external interference". The Soviet party had thus, at least in theory, conceded to the Eurocommunist demands for the principle of non-interference in the affairs of other parties. The document carried no mention of Marxism-Leninism, instead there was a reference to the 'great ideas' of Karl Marx, Friedrich Engels and V. I. Lenin. References to 'proletarian internationalism' were substituted with the term 'international solidarity'. Moreover, the document stated that fraternal criticism between communist parties would not constitute anti-communism (implying that criticism of Soviet policies would not be considered as 'anti-Sovietism', as the official Soviet discourse had argued). The document was not approved through signature or a vote, it was simply issued, a fact later criticized by the Yugoslavs.
The conference also endorsed the Helsinki process and international human rights covenants.
Unlike the declaration of the 1969 meeting, the Berlin conference document did not contain any condemnation of China. The Soviets had pushed for a condemnation of China ahead of the conference, but the Yugoslavs, the French and the Italians resisted these moves.
At the Berlin conference, the French Communist Party rejected the possibility of holding future conferences on the same lines.
Aftermath
The verbatim of the speeches at the conference were presented in full in Neues Deutschland, the central organ of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany, whilst the more critical aspects were censored out in the reports in the Soviet newspaper Pravda. In particular the speech of Carrillo was very difficult for the Soviets to digest. Pravda sought to portray the conference as a victory for proletarian internationalism and communist unity, downplaying the divisions that had appeared at the meeting. Other Socialist Bloc newspapers also censored the speeches from the conference.
Following the Berlin conference the Eurocommunists would step up their critiques of Soviet policies further. They began to foster relations with dissidents inside the Socialist Bloc and, occasionally, defended them against state repression.
Soviet party at times responded in kind to Eurocommunist critiques through veiled ideological counter-accusations. A notable counter-attack by the orthodox camp was an article by Zhivkov in Problems of Peace and Socialism in December 1976, which decried Eurocommunism as an anti-Soviet 'subversion against proletarian internationalism'.
The Yugoslav party on its side claimed that the Soviets had corrupted the conference documentation, that the Soviets had tried to portray a greater degree of unity between the parties than what had actually been the case at the conference.
In April 1980 a new European conference was held in Paris, but under different terms. The principle of consensus was gone at the Paris conference, and the Italian, Romanian, Spanish, Yugoslav, Icelandic, British, Dutch and Sammarinese communist parties boycotted the event. The French Communist Party, co-sponsors of the meeting together with the Polish United Workers Party, rejected the notion that the Paris meeting would have been of a similar kind as the Berlin conference as no common positions on strategy had been approved.
Participants
See also
Cominform
1st Conference of the Communist Parties of Latin America
1960 International Meeting of Communist and Workers Parties
1969 International Meeting of Communist and Workers Parties
International Meeting of Communist and Workers' Parties
References
Communist parties
1976 in East Germany
Conference of Communist
International conferences in Germany
Political conferences
Events in Berlin
East Berlin
1970s in Berlin
Mucilaginibacter ginsenosidivorax is a bacterium from the genus of Mucilaginibacter which has been isolated from sediments from the river Gapcheon in Korea. Mucilaginibacter ginsenosidivorax has the ability to convert ginsenoside.
References
Sphingobacteriia
Bacteria described in 2013
The Surigao del Sur Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Surigao del Sur.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each having five seats. A voter votes up to five names, with the top five candidates per district being elected. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Surigao del Sur.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL). Surigao del Sur's provincial board also has a reserved seat for its indigenous people (IPMR).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2022 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Manuel O. Alameda (Hugpong Surigao Sur)
Past members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Librado Navarro (PDP–Laban)
References
Politics of Surigao del Sur
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Elmer Victor Finland (July 8, 1894 – May 26, 1968) was a lawyer and political figure in British Columbia. They represented Esquimalt in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1937 to 1945 as a Conservative.
They were born in Victoria, British Columbia, the son of George Robert Finland and Kate C. Finnerty, and was educated at McGill University and Stanford University. In 1921, they married Gladys L. MacDonald. Finland served as a lieutenant in the Royal Flying Corps and the Royal Air Force during World War I. In March 1945, it was announced that they were unable to attend further sessions of the assembly because they were returning to duties with the Royal Canadian Air Force. They died in 1968.
References
1894 births
1968 deaths
British Columbia Conservative Party MLAs
Politicians from Victoria, British Columbia
McGill University alumni
Chandan Ray (born 12 August 2001) is an Indian cricketer. They made their Twenty20 debut on 10 January 2021, for Tripura in the 2020–21 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy.
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Tripura cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Barcsi SC is a Hungarian football club located in Barcs, Hungary. It currently plays in Hungarian National Championship II. The team's colors are white and red.
Football clubs in Hungary
Association football clubs established in 1910
1910 establishments in Hungary
Stripped to Kill is a 1987 American erotic thriller/sexploitation film directed by Katt Shea and starring Greg Evigan, Kay Lenz and Norman Fell. Its plot follows a female Los Angeles police detective who goes undercover posing as a stripper to investigate a series of slayings connected to a strip club near Skid Row.
Plot
While working undercover in Skid Row, Los Angeles, police officer Cody and their partner, Sergeant Heineman, witness a stripper named Angel being thrown off a bridge and set on fire. Their investigation leads to Cody posing undercover as a stripper at Rock Bottom, the club where the murdered woman was employed. Despite not being much of a dancer, Cody manages to win an amateur night, after which the club's owner, Ray, offers them a job.
Cody slowly befriends the other dancers, winning their trust. Meanwhile, another one of the dancers, Cinnamon, who's been let go by Ray due to them being addicted to pills, is strangled to death by the assailant with a metal cord.
When Cody and Heineman's superiors discover that they have been dancing at the club, they order them to stop. But Cody defies them. Tensions arise between them and Heineman, who has romantic feelings toward them The two of them have sex, only to argue the following morning.
Heineman investigates a series of potential suspects, including Roxanne, a stripper who happened to be Angel's lover. They believe however that the killer is Pocket, a young man who's always at the club. Heineman confronts Pocket, only to discover that the man is missing a hand.
Cody pays a visit to Roxanne, encountering instead the woman's younger brother, Eric. When Eric's behavior reminds them of Roxanne's, Cody searches the apartment, discovering in the process a neighbor's corpse. Roxanne reveals themselves to be Eric, dressed in drag; they have been posing and performing as their dead sister at the club, wearing fake latex breasts.
Eric explains that they killed Roxanne because they feared that they were going to leave them for their lover, Angel. Heineman arrives at the apartment and Eric shoots him. Cody flees, with Eric in pursuit. Their chase eventually leads them back to the Rock Bottom, where Eric begins indiscriminately shooting people. Cody douses Eric in gasoline, and when they try to shoot her, they accidentally set themselves on fire. The fire spreads to Cody, but Heineman arrives and tamps it out. They reveal that they survived the gunshots thanks to a bulletproof vest. Cody, who realizes she's been shot in the leg, embraces Heineman.
Cast
Kay Lenz as Cody / Sunny
Greg Evigan as Sergeant Heineman
Norman Fell as Ray
Tracy Crowder as Fanny
Athena Worthey as Zeena
Carlye Byron as Cinnamon
Debbie Nassar as Dazzle
Lucia Nagy Lexington as Brandy
Michelle Foreman as Angel
Pia Kamakahi as Eric / Roxanne
Tom Ruben as Mobile Entrepreneur
Diana Bellamy as Shirl
Production
Development
The film was inspired by a visit Katt Shea and their husband and writing partner Andy Ruben made to a strip club.
"I didn't want to go because I felt it was humiliating to women", recalls Shea. "But I finally got myself there. I sat down and began watching these acts and they're performing as if they really cared."
Shea later elaborated:
Before I did Strip TO KILL you had never seen a girl dancing on a pole, no one had ever seen that in a movie, to my knowledge. Girls swinging around on a pole--that had not been done yet. So I think that was spectacular; it was crazy, it was wild. This is how it happened. I went to a strip club for the first time in my life and I saw a girl swinging around on a pole and I thought, ‘Oh my god this has got to be in a movie!' I mean, nobody knows this goes on except a bunch of guys with dollar bills, so it just had to be exploited, I guess. I thought they were very artistic and I just loved the girls, they were real artists and they were just using this particular venue to explore their art.
They took the idea to Roger Corman for whom they had made a number of movies as an actor. Corman liked the basic idea but questioned the believability of a scene in which a man went undercover as a stripper. Shea brought in a female impersonator to see Corman and had them describe having done exactly that. "He [Corman] turned every shade", recalls Shea. "He was purple by the end. But then they said yes."
Lenz was worried about playing a stripper at age 34 until they found out in research many of the strippers had college student children.
Criticism
Kay Lenz complained publicly about the film's editing and "exploitative" ad campaign aimed at the print media. The film was also controversial among transgender rights activists who felt that the film portrayed transexual people in a negative light.
Reception
The Los Angeles Times said the film "fulfills its sex and violence quota-actually, it's fairly tame in these departments-but also has some style and substance as well. "
The film was a hit and led to a sequel, shot on the same set as Dance of the Damned. The sequel was also directed by Shea who took their name off because of Corman's editing interference.
References
External links
1987 films
1980s erotic thriller films
American erotic thriller films
American sexploitation films
Films directed by Katt Shea
Films about striptease
Cross-dressing in American films
1987 directorial debut films
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Kannika Thipachot (), Nickname is Lex. (Thai: ).  They are a Thai indoor volleyball player. They play as an outside hitter.  They are a member of the Thailand women's national volleyball team in 2014.
Kannika Thipachot is The tournament's Best Scorer of Shakey's V-league 2013 in the Philippines.
Graduation
Ayutthaya Technological Commercial College.
Bachelor's degree from Sripatum University
Master's degree from Sripatum University
Clubs
Ayutthaya A.T.C.C (2008–2015)
Cagayan Valley (2012-2013)
Power Smashers (2017)
Khonkaen Star (2015-2021)
Nakhon Ratchasima Women's VC (2021)
Supreme Volleyball Club (Current Club 2021)
Awards
Individuals
2012–13 Thailand League "Best Scorer"
2013 Shakey's V-league "Best Scorer"
2015 Nonsi Games 42nd "MVP"
2016 CH7 Championship 2016 "MVP"
2017 Suranaree Games 44th "MVP"
2018 CH7 Championship 2018 "Best Outside Hitter"
Clubs
2009-10 Thailand League - Champion, with Ayutthaya A.T.C.C
2010-11 Thailand League - Silver, with Ayutthaya A.T.C.C
2013-14 Thailand League - Bronze medal, with Ayutthaya A.T.C.C
2013 Shakey's V-league - Champions, with Cagayan Valley
2013 Thai-Denmark Super League - Bronze medal, with Ayutthaya A.T.C.C
2014 Thai–Denmark Super League - Champions, with Ayutthaya A.T.C.C
2015 Thai-Denmark Super League - Bronze medal, with Ayutthaya A.T.C.C
2019 Thai–Denmark Super League - Bronze medal, with Khonkaen Star
2021 Asian Women's Club Volleyball Championship - Silver, with Nakhon Ratchasima Women's VC
2021 SAT Thailand Volleyball Invitation Sisaket 2021- Champion, with Supreme Volleyball Club
University Club
2015 Nonsi Games 42nd - Champion, with SPU Volleyball Club
2015 CH7 Championship 2015 - Silver, with SPU Volleyball Club
2016 CH7 Championship 2016 - Champion, with SPU Volleyball Club
2017 Suranaree Games 44th - Champion, with SPU Volleyball Club
2017 CH7 Championship 2017 - Silver, with SPU Volleyball Club
2018 CH7 Championship 2018 - Champion, with SPU Volleyball Club
2019 UBRU Games 46th - Silver, with SPU Volleyball Club
Other
2011 - "PEA" Women's Volleyball Championship 7th - Champion
2010 - Volleyball Asean School Games - Champion
2011 - Volleyball Asian School Corls - Champion
2012 - Volleyball Asean University - Silver
2014 VTV International Women's Volleyball Cup - Silver
References
External links
FIVB profile
1993 births
Living people
Kannika Thipachot
Kannika Thipachot
Competitors at the 2021 Southeast Asian Games
Outside hitters
Kannika Thipachot
Shal akyn (, ) is a district of North Kazakhstan Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Sergeyevka. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
North Kazakhstan Region
The Doctrine of Cash Equivalence states that the U.S. Federal income tax law treats certain non-cash payment transactions like cash payment transactions for federal income tax purposes. The doctrine is used most often for deciding when cash method (as opposed to accrual method) taxpayers are to include certain non-cash income items. Another doctrine often used when trying to determine the timing of the inclusion of income is the constructive receipt doctrine.
Most individuals begin as cash method taxpayers because their first form of bookkeeping is a checkbook. In contrast, some businesses start as accrual method taxpayers because businesses use different rules for recording income and expenditures. The Internal Revenue Code (IRC) § 446(a) states, however, that "[t]axable income shall be computed under the method of accounting on the basis which the taxpayer regularly computes their income in keeping their books."
One of the major advantages to the cash method of accounting is the ability to defer taxation because the recognition of income applicable to amounts in accounts receivable can be deferred to a later year. The Doctrine of Cash Equivalence is important because many people are cash method taxpayers and would be subject to this rule.
Elements
Cash method taxpayers include income items (cash and cash equivalents) in the year the items are received. See also Treasury Regulations Certain payment transactions involve cash equivalents, such as receipts of checks and credit card payments. The cash equivalence doctrine arose out of a need to determine whether certain items that were either actually or constructively received must be accrued as income. A dispute over timing of income recognition for tax purposes may arise when the thing received is really not much more than a promise of payment, such as a promissory note or a bond. If mere promises to pay were considered cash equivalents, then there would be little difference between the cash and accrual methods for tax purposes.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit established the standard for applying the cash equivalence doctrine to promises of payment. The court first noted that the principle that "[a] promissory note, negotiable in form, is not necessarily the equivalent of cash" remains true. But that principle also has a true inverse—that a non-negotiable instrument can be a cash equivalent if the following factors are met. A promise to pay will be considered a cash equivalent for cash method taxpayers if:
the promise to pay is unconditional;
the promise is made by a solvent person;
the promise is assignable;
the promise is not subject to set-offs; and
the promise is marketable.
Since taxpayers generally prefer to defer recognition of income to subsequent tax years (due to the time value of money), a finding of cash equivalence will typically be to the disadvantage of the individual taxpayer.
Mechanics
To use the doctrine of cash equivalence, a taxpayer must have either actually received an item, or constructively received an item. If either of these situations exist, a taxpayer must determine whether the item received is cash equivalence, using the six factors described in Cowden v. Commissioner. If the item is deemed cash equivalent, then the taxpayer has income. If it is not cash equivalent, the taxpayer does not have income.
References
Taxation in the United States
Legal doctrines and principles
On Every Street is the sixth and final studio album by British rock band Dire Straits, released on 9 September 1991 by Vertigo Records internationally, and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States. The follow-up to the band's massively successful album Brothers in Arms, On Every Street reached the top of the UK Albums Chart and was also certified platinum by the RIAA.
History
On Every Street was released more than six years after the band's previous album, Brothers in Arms, and was Dire Straits' final studio album. It reached number 12 in the United States and number one in the United Kingdom and numerous European countries. The album was produced by Mark Knopfler and Dire Straits.
By this time, the band comprised Knopfler, John Illsley, Alan Clark and Guy Fletcher, and the album features session musicians including Paul Franklin, Phil Palmer, Danny Cummings and American drummer Jeff Porcaro from Toto, who was asked to play the band's subsequent world tour, although they declined because of other commitments, both with Toto and as a studio musician.
Dire Straits promoted the album with a world tour which lasted until the end of 1992. The group disbanded in 1995, after which Mark Knopfler pursued a solo career.
The album was remastered and reissued with the rest of the Dire Straits catalogue in 1996 for most of the world, except for the United States, where it was reissued on 19 September 2000.
Track listing
The album was released on LP, compact cassette, Digital Compact Cassette and CD. The track list below corresponds to the original LP and cassette variants.
The LP version is notable to have the same duration as the CD and cassette versions, being more than one hour long. This was achieved by narrowing the grooves, which reduced the sound level. The 2014 pressing of the album comes on two LPs having three songs per side.
The band recorded two songs not included in the album (they were outtakes): "Kingdom Come" and "Millionaire Blues". These songs were released after as single. On the other hand, in 1990 the band plays in concerts the song "(Baby baby) I Think I Love You Too Much" (also "(Baby baby I Think) I Love You Too Much" or "(I Think) I Love You Too Much"), who was not recorded in the album, but was played in several shows during the subsequent world-wide tour.
All songs written by Mark Knopfler.
^Certain versions of the album feature a slightly longer version of "Heavy Fuel" (length of 5:10), which includes approximately four measures of additional instrumental music both between the first chorus and second verse, and between the bridge and the third verse. It is unclear if the 5:10 version is the original "uncut" version or if these instrumental passages were simply added afterward to extend the song.
Personnel
Dire Straits
Mark Knopfler – vocals, guitars
Alan Clark – keyboards, string conductor (9)
Guy Fletcher – keyboards, backing vocals
John Illsley – bass, backing vocals
Additional musicians
Phil Palmer – guitars
Vince Gill – guitar and backing vocals (5)
Paul Franklin – pedal steel guitar, acoustic lap steel guitar (6)
Jeff Porcaro – drums, percussion
Manu Katché – drums and percussion (7, 11)
Danny Cummings – percussion
Chris White – flute, saxophones
George Martin – string arranger and conductor (9)
Production
Mark Knopfler – producer
Dire Straits – producers
Chuck Ainlay – engineer
Bill Schnee – engineer
Steve Orchard – assistant engineer
Jack Joseph Puig – assistant engineer
Andy Strange – assistant engineer
Neil Dorfsman – mixing (1-6, 8-11)
Bob Clearmountain – mixing (7)
Avril Mackintosh – mix assistant
Bob Ludwig – mastering at Masterdisk (New York City, New York)
Jo Motta – project coordinator
Sutton Cooper – design
Paul Cummins – design
Paul Williams – sleeve photography
Singles
On Every Street produced six singles:
"Calling Elvis"
"Heavy Fuel"
"On Every Street"
"The Bug"
"You and Your Friend" (released in France and Germany)
"Ticket to Heaven" (released in The Netherlands)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Single charts
Sales and certifications
References
External links
On Every Street at Mark Knopfler's website
Dire Straits albums
1991 albums
Albums produced by Mark Knopfler
Vertigo Records albums
Warner Records albums
Roots rock albums
Albums produced by Alan Clark (keyboardist)
"Til You Cry" is a song written by Steve Bogard and Rick Giles, and recorded by American country music artist Eddy Raven. It was released in December 1988 as the third single from their compilation album The Best of Eddy Raven. The song reached #4 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
Original version
The song was originally recorded by Juice Newton for their 1987 album Emotion.
Chart performance
Year-end charts
References
1989 singles
Juice Newton songs
Eddy Raven songs
Song recordings produced by Barry Beckett
RCA Records singles
Songs written by Steve Bogard
Songs written by Rick Giles
1987 songs
Juneau Jazz & Classics is an annual music festival held in Juneau, Alaska.
History
Founded in May 1987 by Linda Rosenthal, the festival celebrates jazz, classical, and blues music. It includes performances by solo artists and musical groups covering diverse styles plus educational concerts and instructional workshops.
Juneau Jazz & Classics is a private, 501(c)(3), nonprofit organization. Its mission is to provide a rich musical experience to music lovers in Juneau, the remote towns of Southeast Alaska, and the State of Alaska.
Most of the 2020 festival was scrapped, caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Today
In addition to the spring festival, the organization has grown to include an annual string workshop in the fall held at the University of Alaska Southeast for students of the violin and viola. Throughout the year, around 4,000 students participate in workshops, school concerts, clinics, and a scholarship program that are part of Juneau Jazz & Classics.
References
External links
1987 establishments in Alaska
Annual events in Alaska
Culture of Juneau, Alaska
Music festivals in Alaska
Jazz festivals in the United States
Non-profit organizations based in Juneau, Alaska
Recurring events established in 1987
Random (02) is a remix album by Gary Numan, released in 1998 on Beggars Banquet records as a companion album to the Random covers album of the preceding year. It contains new remixes in techno and house music styles by several club DJ's and mixers and was also released as a four LP set. These four vinyl LPs were again released separately as limited edition 12" singles on red (Random 2.1), green (Random 2.2), blue (Random 2.3) and clear (Random 2.4) vinyl.
The artwork is notable for being printed on rice paper.
Track listing
"Metal" (Remixed by Robert Armani) – 6:00
"Dans le Parc" (Remixed by DJ Hell) – 7:37
"I Die: You Die" (Remixed by Greenhaus) – 7:36
"Cars" (Remixed by Mike Dearborn) – 6:16
"Cars" (Remixed by Dave Clarke) – 5:11
"Warriors" (Remixed by Dave Angel) – 5:18
"Are 'Friends' Electric?" (Remixed by Liberator DJs) – 6:48
"Remember I Was Vapour" (Remixed by Steve Stoll) – 6:07
"We Are Glass" (Broken Glass Mix) (Remixed by Claude Young) – 6:20
"Films" (Remixed by Alex Hazzard) – 5:27
"The Iceman Comes" (Remixed by Peter Lazonby) – 7:09
References
1998 remix albums
Gary Numan remix albums
Beggars Banquet Records remix albums
Pulomas Station is a light rail station of the Jakarta LRT Line A, located at Kayu Putih, Pulo Gadung, East Jakarta. The station is one of the six stations of the first phase of Jakarta LRT Line A which opened on 1 December 2019.
Services
Line 1, to and
References
East Jakarta
Railway stations in Jakarta
Railway stations opened in 2019
Anand Kumar Singh (8 August 19484 December 2020) was a Fijian lawyer and politician of Indian descent. They were born in Bombay, when their family had temporarily moved to India. The family returned from India in 1951 to live at the birthplace of their father, Parmanand Singh, in Yalalevu, Ba. Their father was one of the first three Indo-Fijians to be elected to the Legislative Council of Fiji.
A member of the Fiji Labour Party, they were elected to represent the Lautoka Rural Indian Communal Constituency in the House of Representatives, and was appointed Attorney-General in the government of Prime Minister Mahendra Chaudhry, serving until the government was deposed in the Fiji coup of 2000.
On 19 May 2000, they were among the 43 members of the People's Coalition Government, led by Mahendra Chaudhry, taken hostage by George Speight and their band of rebel Republic of Fiji Military Forces (RFMF) soldiers from the Counter Revolutionary Warfare Unit. They were released on 12 July 2000.
From 2001 to 2006, they served as one of 8 Senators nominated by the Leader of the Opposition.
Singh practiced law privately, and was the senior partner of the Chaudhry and Singh law firm, which includes Rajendra Chaudhry, Mahendra Chaudhry's son.
Personal life
Singh had two children, Hamish and Nikish, from a previous marriage. Their mother and sister died in an aeroplane accident in 1999. They had two children, Manish and Pranish from a second marriage.
References
1948 births
2020 deaths
Fijian Hindus
Attorneys-general of Fiji
Indian members of the House of Representatives (Fiji)
Indian members of the Senate (Fiji)
Fiji Labour Party politicians
20th-century Fijian lawyers
Indian emigrants to Fiji
Politicians from Lautoka
Politicians from Mumbai
Fijian politicians of Indian descent
21st-century Fijian lawyers
The discography of Wheatus, an American rock band, consists of five studio albums, two EPs and eight singles.
Studio albums
Live albums
Extended plays
Singles
Music videos
References
Footnotes
Citations
Discographies of American artists
{{Speciesbox
| image = Lophocampa caryae1.jpg
| image2 = Lophocampa_argentata.jpg
| genus = Lophocampa
| species = argentata
| authority = (Packard, 1864) <ref>[http://www.nic.funet.fi/pub/sci/bio/life/insecta/lepidoptera/ditrysia/noctuoidea/arctiidae/arctiinae/lophocampa/index.html Lophocampa] at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms</ref>
| synonyms =Halysidota argentata Packard, 1864Halisidota subalpina French, 1890
}}Lophocampa argentata, the silver-spotted tiger moth, is a species of moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Packard in 1864. It is found from British Columbia to southern California, and east to Arizona, Nevada, New Mexico, Colorado, Utah, Wyoming and possibly to northern Mexico.
Larvae of this moth utilize numerous host plants in western North America, notably including the Douglas-fir.
SubspeciesLophocampa argentata argentataLophocampa argentata subalpina (French, 1890) (Rocky Mountains, Colorado)
References
C. Michael Hogan. 2008. Douglas-fir: Pseudotsuga menziesii, globalTwitcher.com, ed. Nicklas Strõmberg)
Retrieved April 21, 2018.
David L. Wood, Thomas Koerber, Robert F. Scharpf and Andrew J. Storer. 2003. Pests of the Native California Conifers'', University of California Press, , , 233 pages
Lophocampa argentata at BOLD Systems
Lophocampa argentata at Encyclopedia of Life
argentata
Moths of North America
Taxa named by Alpheus Spring Packard
Moths described in 1864
Ndubuisi Godwin Kanu (3 November 1943 – 13 January 2021) was a Nigerian military officer and state governor. Early in their career they fought for the Biafran side in the Nigerian Civil War and in July 1975 they were appointed to Murtala Muhammed's Supreme Military Council. After military president Olusegun Obasanjo came to power Kanu was appointed military governor of Imo State and then Lagos State. Returning to the military, they served with the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon. In retirement they were a pro-democracy campaigner and called for decentralisation of power and increased federalism.
Early life and naval career
Ndubuisi Kanu was born in Ovim village in Isuikwuato, Abia State on 3 November 1943. They were of Igbo origin and attended the Methodist Primary School in Enugu. Joining the navy in 1962, they went to India for cadet training. Their naval career included positions in Personnel, Logistics and Training. Kanu fought in the Nigerian Civil War for the Biafran forces.
In July 1975, as a lieutenant commander they were appointed a member of Murtala Muhammed's ruling Cabinet, the Supreme Military Council. Under military president Olusegun Obasanjo (who came into office in February 1976) Kanu was appointed military governor of Imo State in March 1976. They brought in town planners to prepare a plan for the development of the state capital, Owerri, and constructed new roads in the state. Kanu increased the number of local government areas in the state to 21 and also established the Imo Broadcasting Service (which is now the Imo Broadcasting Corporation).
Kanu transferred to Lagos State as military governor in 1977, holding that position until July 1978. They later became Rear Admiral and served with the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon.
Post-retirement
After Kanu retired they joined the pro-democracy movement, unlike many of their former military colleagues, and played a leading role in the agitation for the actualization of the annulled 12 June 1993 presidential election. They founded and was Chairman of RANGK LTD, a maritime consultancy, was Chairman of the Ohaneze Transition Caretaker Committee (OTC) and was Director of Fidelity Bank PLC. Kanu became a top National Democratic Coalition (NADECO) chieftain and became Chairman of the coalition in 2013. In May 2008, Kanu called for a return to true federalism in Nigeria.
In an interview in November 2008 Kanu attacked what they called unitarism, the excessive concentration of powers by central government and called for fundamental dialogue between the different ethnic nationalities of Nigeria. They attributed the conflict in the Niger Delta to the lack of regional power. In another interview, they pinpointed the second stage of the General Ibrahim Babangida regime as a turning point towards increased centralisation. Kanu was among leaders who spoke in January 2010 at a Lagos rally of the Save Nigeria Group calling for Vice-President Goodluck Jonathan be made acting president during President Umaru Yar'Adua's illness.
Kanu was married three times and had ten children. They were married to Chief Mrs. Gladys Kanu (née Uzodike) from 1993 until their death. Kanu died on 13 January 2021 of complications from the COVID-19 virus.
Awards and honours
Kanu was awarded honorary Doctorate Degrees from the Imo State University and the Federal University of Technology, Owerri. The Lagos State government named a park "Ndubuisi Kanu Park" in their honour.
References
External links
1943 births
2021 deaths
Governors of Imo State
Governors of Lagos State
Igbo politicians
Library of Congress Africa Collection related
Nigerian Navy admirals
Jan-Erick Olsen (born 1965) is a Norwegian breaststroke swimmer. They were born in New York City. They competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles and at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. They represented the club Odda IL.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Sportspeople from New York City
People from Odda
Norwegian male breaststroke swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Norway
Swimmers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
William Kennedy Smith (16 March 1888 – 10 April 1933) was an Australian politician.
They were born in Dundee to storeman James Crockett Smith and Annie Don. They studied at Scotch College and at the University of Melbourne, where they graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1909. They became an agent and organiser, and in 1914 was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly for Dundas. They served in the Australian Imperial Force from 1915 to 1918, and was wounded at the Battle of Polygon Wood in 1917. While on active duty, they were defeated at the 1917 state election, and on their return after the war worked as an assistant censor and then as a school teacher in New South Wales. On 4 July 1921 they married fellow teacher Flora Walker, née McLellan; they had three children. Smith's health declined due to their war injuries and in 1931 they retired. They died in Croydon in 1933.
References
1888 births
1933 deaths
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Politicians from Dundee
20th-century Australian politicians
Tatiana Vasilyevna Badanina (born 1955, in Nizhny Tagil, Sverdlovsk Region, Russia) is a Russian visual artist.
Biography
Tatiana Badanina was born in 1955 in Nizhniy Tagil in the Ural region of Russia. They studied fine art at the Graphic Art Faculty of Nizhniy Tagil State Teacher's Training College between 1973—1978 and begun participating in art exhibitions in 1978. They taught at Nizhniy Tagil State Teacher's Training College between 1978 – 1991 They have been living and working in Moscow since 1997.  They are an honorary Member of the Russian Academy of Arts.
Exhibitions
1991 Painting. Union Gallery, Moscow, Russia (jointly with V. Nasedkin and S. Brukhanov)
1993 Nizhniy Tagil State Museum of Fine Arts, Nizhniy Tagil, Russia
1993 Yekaterinburg Museum of Fine Arts, Yekaterinburg, Russia (jointly with V. Nasedkin)
1995 Yekaterinburg Museum of Fine Arts, Yekaterinburg, Russia
1996 Kino Gallery, Cinema Centre, Moscow, Russia
1997 Kino Gallery, Moscow, Russia
1999 Graphic Centre of the Artist's Union, Vilnus, Lithuania
1999 Kaliningrad State Art Gallery, Kaliningrad, Russia (jointly with V. Nasedkin and N. Zarovnaya)
1999 RosIzo Gallery, Moscow, Russia
2002 The Russian Gallery, Tallinn, Estonia
2003 Wings. Sam Brook Gallery, Moscow, Russia
2004 Skies. Masters Gallery, Moscow, Russia
2005 Protective Veil. Action. Serafimo-Znamenskiy Skete. Moscow Region, Russia
2007, Movement. Evolution. Art (group), The Ekaterina Cultural Foundation, Moscow
2007 White Garments. Serafimo-Znamenskiy Skete. Moscow Region, Russia
2007 Protective Veil. Materia Prima Gallery, Moscow, Russia
2009 TRANZIT, Оber-gallery, Kent, USA (jointly with V. Nasedkin)
2010 White Garments, Maris-Art Gallery, Perm, Russia
2012 proSVET (about light). Kultproject Gallery. Moscow, Russia
2012 White Garments. Dedication...All-Russian Decorative – Applied and Folk Art Museum, Moscow, Russia
2014, Are You Ready To Fly? (group), Moscow Museum of Modern Art
2016, The Geometry of Light (joint), Erarta Museum of Contemporary Art
Collections
The State Hermitage Museum, Saint-Petersburg, Russia
Erarta Museum of Contemporary Art, St. Petersburg
The State Tretyakov Gallery, Moscow, Russia
The State Russian Museum, Saint-Petersburg, Russia
The State Museum of Oriental Art, Moscow, Russia
The State Central Museum of Contemporary History of Russia, Moscow, Russia
Moscow Museum of Modern Art, Moscow, Russia
The Jane Voorhees Zimmerli Art Museum, Rutgers University. New Brunswick, USA
The Ekaterina Cultural Foundation, Moscow, Russia
Bibliography
New album of graphics.1991. (). Moscow
The First Ural Print Art Triennial. 1995. (). Ufa
Die Kraft der Stille. Junge Kunst aus Rusland". 1996.(). Hildesheim. Deutschland
Inter-kontak-grafik'98. LABYRINT".1998. (). Prague.
Abstract Art of Russia. ХХ century. 2001.(). Saint-Petersburg
Russian Gallery. 2004. (). Tallinn, Estonia.
Collage in Russia. ХХ Century. 2005. (). Saint-Petersburg
Female Artist of Moscow. Pathway in Arts, 2005 () Moscow.
XX Century Drawing. The State Tretyakov Gallery. 2006 (). Moscow
Materials Revision. Catalogue (State Tretyakov Gallery) 2006. Moscow
Different Reality - International Festival of Contemporary Arts. 2006. (). Magnitogorsk
Movement. Evolution. Art. Ekaterina Cultural Foundation. 2007. (). Moscow
New Angelarium, Catalogue. Moscow Museum of Modern Art. 2007. Moscow
In Transition Russia 2008. 2008. (). Moscow
The First Ural Industrial Biennial of Contemporary Art. 2010 (). Yekaterinburg
Memento Mori.2011. (). Arkhangelsk
Artists Union. Sverdlovsk-Yekaterinburg. 2011 ().Yekaterinburg
Ural GRAFO. 2012 (). Yekaterinburg
848. Jorge Machare and Nadya Volkonskaya Collection. 2012 г. (). The State Hermitage. Saint-Petersburg * 20th Century. The beginning of drama. 2012 (). Moscow
Tvorchestvo (Creative work) Magazine № 7, 1988. A battle within us - article by T. Badanina
Iskusstvo (Art) Magazine № 2, 1990. Nizhniy Tagil. T. Badanina and V. Nasedkin - article by V. Konstantinova
Nauka v Rossii (Science in Russia) Magazine № 1, 2000. All is understood in comparison with the opposite - article by S. Khromchenko.
Sobranie (Collection) Magazine № 2, 2004. An article by Igor Terekhov
Decorativnoe Iskusstvo (Decorative Art) Magazine № 1, 2004. Image of flying - article by Vera Dazhina
Decorativnoe Iskusstvo (Decorative Art) Magazine № 3, 2006. Overcoming the resistance of materials - article by V. Magomedova
Decorativnoe Iskusstvo (Decorative Art) Magazine № 7, 2007. Through the wings of an angel - article by V. Magomedova
Decorativnoe Iskusstvo (Decorative Art) Magazine № 2, 2009. Metamorphoses of the Wonderland - article by A. Sapronenkova
Decorativnoe Iskusstvo (Decorative Art) Magazine № 3, 2009. I am working with Sky -article by Vera Dazhina
Decorativnoe Iskusstvo (Decorative Art) Magazine № 4, 2012. T.Badanina's «ProSvet»(About light) in Kultproject – article by S. Terekhova
Decorativnoe Iskusstvo (Decorative Art) Magazine № 5, 2012. Tatiana Badanina. White Metaphysics - article by V. Patsukov
In 2008, TATLIN published a book about the work of Tatiana Badanina (), Editor: Anna Lengle, 200 pages, 22.0х28.5 см, 110 illustrations, hard cover, text in Russian/English.
See also
List of Russian artists
References
External links
Tatiana Badanina website
Monumental Artist's website http://www.monumental-art.ru/badanina/index.htm
Polina Lobachevskaya Gallery https://archive.today/20130417172004/http://plgallery.ru/tatyana-badanina
Krokin Gallery http://www.krokingallery.com/russian/sproject.html
Bluesquare Gallery http://www.galeriebluesquare.com/artist/11/Tatiana-Badanina
Obergallery http://www.obergallery.com/BadaninaT.shtml http://www.4block.org/ru/museum/graphics/id740
http://www.taday.ru/text/1017891.html
http://ria.ru/art/20110429/369460847-print.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20160305060318/http://simsop.ru/blog/paskha-v-moskve-2011
http://rating.artunion.ru/
1955 births
Living people
People from Nizhny Tagil
Russian realist painters
Soviet realist painters
Shelland is a small village and civil parish located just off the A14, 4 miles west of Stowmarket in Suffolk, England.
Shelland consists of roughly 10 houses, a church and Shelland Green. At the 2001 census the village had a population of 39. At the 2011 Census the population was still less than 100 and was included in the civil parish of Rattlesden. Shelland's name is unique and derives from "Shelf land" as it is situated on a "shelf" that overlooks the village of Buxhall.
The mediaeval parish church, effectively rebuilt in 1767, is a grade II* listed building. It is unique in that it is the only church in the UK with a regularly used barrel organ. It is also one of only five dedicated to "King Charles the Martyr" (Charles I).
References
Shelland
External links
Villages in Suffolk
Mid Suffolk District
Civil parishes in Suffolk
Robert Paul Raymond Gillon (; 10 December 1884 – 25 July 1972) was a Belgian lawyer and liberal politician.
They were a member of the municipal council of Kortrijk, member of the provincial council of West Flanders, three times President of the Belgian Senate (26 April 1939 - 11 November 1947, 8 November 1949 - 27 April 1950 and 5 May 1954 - 24 June 1958) and later became Minister of State in 1945.
See also
Liberal Party
Liberalism in Belgium
References
Robert Gillon
Van Molle, P., Het Belgisch parlement 1894-1969, Gent, Erasmus, 1969, p. 156-157.
Verbeke, Gaby, Robert, Paul Gillon. Un libéral modéré mais non modérément libéral, in : De Leiegouw, XLIII, 2001, 1, pp. 19–47.
Georgette, Ciselet, Robert Gillon, une figure du libéralisme, in : Revue Générale, Brussel, 1979, pp. 59–66.
|-
|-
1884 births
1972 deaths
Belgian Ministers of State
Presidents of the Senate (Belgium)
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nebbi () is a diocese located in the city of Nebbi in the Ecclesiastical province of Gulu in Uganda.
History
12 July 1968: Established as Diocese of Lira from Diocese of Gulu
Nebbi was created in 1996 from the Diocese of Arua in northwestern Uganda, popularly known as West Nile.
Leadership
John Baptist Odama (1996.02.23 – 1999.01.02), appointed Archbishop of Gulu Archdiocese
Martin Luluga (1999.01.02 – 2011.04.30)
Sanctus Lino Wanok (2011.04.30 – 2018.11.23), appointed Bishop of Lira
Raphael p'Mony Wokorach, M.C.C.I. (2021.03.31 – ...)
See also
Roman Catholicism in Uganda
Nebbi
References
Sources
catholic-hierarchy
External links
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Roman Catholic dioceses in Uganda
Christian organizations established in 1968
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Nebbi District
1968 establishments in Uganda
Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Gulu
Muara Gembong is a district of Bekasi Regency, West Java, Indonesia.
Demographics
As of the 2020 Indonesian census, the district has a population of 40,231, with an average population growth rate of 1.24% annually since 2010. The gender ratio is 104.9.
Geography
The district is located at the delta of the Citarum River, where significant sedimentation still occurs. It is located on the Bay of Jakarta.
Since around 2009, coastal erosion has heavily impacted the low-lying, coastal villages, with several neighborhoods having been lost to the sea. The local government has been attempting to reduce the impact through the plantation of mangrove trees in vulnerable areas. It is prone to coastal flooding.
Economy
Since at least the 1970s, the coastal communities have been engaging in milkfish and shrimp farming.
References
Bekasi Regency
Districts of West Java
Yakupderviş, Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Mount Rath () is an Antarctic mountain six nautical miles (11 km) north-northeast of Mount Owen, in the Hutton Mountains of Palmer Land.
Mount Rath was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and from U.S. Navy air photos, taken from 1961 to 1967. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Arthur E. Rath, an electronics technician who was stationed at the South Pole Station in 1964.
Mountains of Palmer Land
The Mitsubishi AAM-5 (Type 04 air-to-air missile, ) is a short-range air-to-air missile developed and produced by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries for the Japan Air Self-Defense Force. Development of the missile as a replacement for the AAM-3 (Type 90) missile commenced in 1991 and it has been operational since 2004.
Characteristics
Unlike the Type 90 guided missile, the AAM-5 does not have canard control surfaces, using thrust vectoring for high agility. The missile body has narrow strakes extending over most of its length.
The NEC manufactured seeker has also been improved. Addition of a triaxial gimbal to the infrared seeker has increased the field of view and an infrared focal plane array multi-element seeker allows infrared imaging. In particular, the addition of an INS means mid-course updates and LOAL (Lock-on after launch) is possible. Terminal homing is via infrared imaging (IIR). In terms of generation, it is placed in the same generation as missiles such as the AIM-9X and IRIS-T.
Variants
AAM-5
Standard.
AAM-5B
Enhanced background discrimination capability and IRCCM. Seeker cooling time is extended by the adoption of a Stirling engine.
Operators
Japan Air Self-Defense Force
F-15J Eagle
Mitsubishi F-2
Gallery
Specifications
Length: 3,105 mm
Diameter: 130 mm
Wing span: 440 mm
Weight: 95 kg
Guidance: AAM-5A: Terminal Infrared homing (IIR), INS+COLOS
Guidance: AAM-5B: Terminal IIR with IRCCM, INS+COLOS)
Warhead: blast fragmentation warhead
Detonation Mechanism: laser proximity fuze and impact
Range: 35 km
Speed: Mach 3+
See also
IRIS-T - Similar missile
AAM-1
AAM-2
AAM-3
AAM-4
AAM-5
Military equipment introduced in the 2000s
Ishaa Saha is an Indian actor who mainly works in Bengali cinema. They started their career with Bengali television. They made their film debut in Bengali cinema in 2017 as a lead with Projapoti Biskut directed by Anindya Chatterjee. They acted in all the films directed by filmmaker Dhrubo Banerjee.
Early life and education
Saha was born in Kolkata (26 February, 1990). Saha passed Bachelor of Laws in 2015 from University of Calcutta and started their career as a television artist in 2016 with Star Jalsha's Jhanjh Lobongo Phool as Lobongo.
Career
They made their film debut in 2017, with the family drama Projapoti Biskut directed by Anindya Chatterjee, which was critically and commercially successful. They received praise for their performance and received a 3rd Filmfare Awards East for Critics' Award for Best Actor (Female). In 2018, Saha played the role of Jhinuk, a girl next door, alongside Abir Chatterjee and Arjun Chakrabarty as female protagonist in the 'Guptodhon' franchise (Guptodhoner Sondhane (2018) and Durgeshgorer Guptodhon (2019)). Saha gained wider recognition for their performance in Sweater, the film also turned out to be a box office success. Both Sweater and Durgeshgorer Guptodhon are in the 'Top Rated Bengali Movies Of 2019' list. They will next star in Dhrubo Banerjee's Golondaaj, opposite Dev.
Filmography
Television
Web series
References
External links
Ishaa on Twitter
Living people
Indian film actores
Year of birth missing (living people)
Seventh Cross: Evolution, known in Japan as simply , is a video game for the Sega Dreamcast video game console. It was released in Japan on December 23, 1998. A sequel titled Ninth Will was announced shortly after the game's North American release, but it was apparently cancelled.
Gameplay
The theme of Seventh Cross is evolution. The player begins with a protist, and through eating and consuming, progresses through two other stages until it becomes an animal. The game begins in a lagoon, where the player's organism must avoid predators while nourishing itself. If the creature dies, it is returned to its lowest form unless it has successfully evolved into its 'origin' stage, in which case the creature regresses to that instead. After death, any parts gained by evolution are kept, but any gathered food is lost.
Seventh Cross contains six stages, each with a boss. The stages take place in different biomes, ranging from the pond to a barren future.
Evolving
The creature gains parts by touching the monolith in each level. Six colors, chosen at the beginning by the player, are mapped to six attributes: offense, defense, psi power, intelligence, dexterity, and healing. By creating patterns with these colors on a 10×10 grid, and possessing the required amount of EVP, the creature may gain a new part it may add to its head, body, legs, or arms. The logic behind what patterns yield what parts, however, remain unclear.
These parts may be "equipped" any time, but each require specific amounts of nutrients found in certain foods, among which are protein and fiber. After a while, the player may add enough parts to the organism to fend off and even kill other creatures, fight the stage's boss creature and advance to the next stage. Each part has different attributes that enhance particular areas like movement speed and attack strength. These parts may be added ala carte; that is, a lynx's head may be placed upon an organism with a crab's body and frog's legs. This may result in odd combinations of creatures akin to Microsoft's Impossible Creatures.
Reception
The game received "unfavorable" reviews according to video game review aggregator GameRankings. Blake Fischer of NextGen said of the game, "The very, very patient may consider this a diamond in the rough (very rough), but most won't be able to stomach the first-generation PlayStation look and feel." In Japan, Famitsu gave it a score of 24 out of 40.
See also
Spore (2008 video game)
L.O.L.: Lack of Love
Evolution: The Game of Intelligent Life
E.V.O.: Search for Eden
SimLife
SimEarth
References
External links
1998 video games
Biological simulation video games
Dreamcast games
Dreamcast-only games
Single-player video games
Video games about evolution
Video games developed in Japan
Joseph Daniel Unwin MC (1895–1936) was an English ethnologist and social anthropologist at Oxford University and Cambridge University.
Contributions to anthropology
In Sex and Culture (1934), Unwin studied 80 primitive tribes and six known civilizations through 5,000 years of history. They claimed there was a positive correlation between the cultural achievement of a people and the sexual restraint they observe. Aldous Huxley described Sex and Culture as "a work of the highest importance" in their literature.
According to Unwin, after a nation becomes prosperous, it becomes increasingly liberal concerning sexual morality. It thus loses its cohesion, impetus, and purpose, which they claim is irrevocable.
Unwin also stated "In the past, too, the greatest energy has been displayed only by those societies which have reduced their sexual opportunity to a minimum by the adoption of absolute monogamy (para. 168). In every case the women and children were reduced to the level of legal nonentities, sometimes also to the level of chattels, always to the level of mere appendages of the male estate. Eventually they were freed from their disadvantages, but at the same time the sexual opportunity of the society was extended. Sexual desires could then be satisfied in a direct or perverted manner… So the energy of the society decreased, and then disappeared." They point out that "No society has yet to succeeded in regulating the relations between the sexes in such a Way as to enable sexual opportunity to remain at a minimum for an extended period." – and thus all societies have collapsed. Their hope for the future is that "by placing the sexes on a level of complete legal equality, and then by altering its economic and social organization in such a way as to render it both possible and tolerable for sexual opportunity to remain at a minimum for an extended period" a society may flourish. Although they offer no data to support their hope.
Works
Sexual Regulations and Human Behaviour. London: Williams & Norgate, 1933.
Sex and Culture. London: Oxford University Press, 1934.
The Scandal of Imprisonment for Debt. London: Simpkin Marshall, 1935.
Sexual Regulations and Cultural Behaviour. London: Oxford University Press, 1935.
Sex Compatibility in Marriage. New York: Rensselaer, 1939.
Hopousia: Or, The Sexual and Economic Foundations of a New Society, with an introduction by Aldous Huxley. New York: Oskar Piest, 1940.
Our Economic Problems and Their Solution (An Extract from "Hopousia.") London: George Allen & Unwin, Ltd., 1944.
Selected articles
"Monogamy as a Condition of Social Energy,” The Hibbert Journal, Vol. XXV, 1927.
"The Classificatory System of Relationship," Man, Vol. XXIX, Sep., 1929.
"Kinship," Man, Vol. XXX, Apr., 1930.
"Reply to Dr. Morant's 'Cultural Anthropology and Statistics'," Man, Vol. XXXV, Mar., 1935.
Other
Dark Rapture: The Sex-life of the African Negro, with an Introduction by J. D. Unwin. New York: Walden Publication, 1939.
See also
Bronisław Malinowski
Pitirim Sorokin
Sigmund Freud
References
Further reading
Firth, Raymond (1936). "Sex and Culture," Africa, Vol. 9, No. 1, pp. 126–129.
Morant, G. M. (1935). "Cultural Anthropology and Statistics; A One-Sided Review of 'Sex and Culture'," Man, Vol. 35, pp. 34–39.
External links
Obituary
Works by J. D. Unwin, at Hathi Trust
Unwin, Joseph Daniel
Sex and Culture
1895 births
1936 deaths
British ethnologists
British anthropologists
Recipients of the Military Cross
Social anthropologists
Academics of the University of Cambridge
Academics of the University of Oxford
20th-century anthropologists
Route 148 is a north-south secondary highway in New Brunswick, Canada. Most of the route was previously part of Route 8 prior to the opening of the extended Marysville Bypass.
Route description
Route 148 begins at Route 105 in Fredericton, then heads north through the villages of Nashwaak Village, Durham Bridge, Ross and Pleasant Valley before ending at Route 8 in South Portage.
History
This route was renumbered from Route 8 following that highway being moved to the Marysville bypass in 2014.
See also
References
148
148
They played for several clubs, including Wydad Casablanca, Spanish 2nd Division Xerez CD, Al Wasl FC and Al Ain FC in the United Arab Emirates.
They played for the Morocco national football team and was a participant at the 1994 FIFA World Cup.
References
1966 births
Moroccan footballers
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Morocco international footballers
Living people
1992 African Cup of Nations players
1994 FIFA World Cup players
Xerez CD footballers
Al-Wasl F.C. players
Al Ain FC players
Al-Shabab FC (Riyadh) players
Wydad AC players
Botola players
Segunda División players
People from Fez, Morocco
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
UAE Pro League players
Saudi Professional League players
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Association football midfielders
is a Japanese politician of the Democratic Party of Japan, who is a former member of the House of Councillors in the Diet (national legislature) from the Saitama at-large district. A native of Fukuoka Prefecture and graduate of Saga Women's Junior College and Meikai University, they were elected for the first time in 2003.
References
External links
in Japanese.
Members of the House of Councillors (Japan)
Female members of the House of Councillors (Japan)
Japanese dentists
Politicians from Fukuoka Prefecture
Living people
1962 births
Democratic Party of Japan politicians
Stephen Shaddon Bowling (born June 26, 1952) is a former Major League Baseball player. Bowling played for the Milwaukee Brewers in and the Toronto Blue Jays in . They batted and threw right-handed. Bowling played football and baseball at Webster High School in Tulsa and then at the University of Tulsa, where they were selected to the all-tournament team of the 1971 College World Series.
Playing career
Milwaukee Brewers (1976)
Bowling was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the seventh round of the 1974 MLB Draft, and made their debut with the club on September 7, 1976, as they went 3 for 3 with a double, and RBI and a run scored in the Brewers 17-4 victory over the Cleveland Indians. They recorded their first career hit off pitcher Don Hood. Bowling finished the season with a .167 batting average with 0 HR and 2 RBI in 14 games. On November 5, Bowling was selected by the Toronto Blue Jays in the 1976 MLB expansion draft.
Toronto Blue Jays (1977)
Bowling was the Toronto Blue Jays opening day right fielder in their first ever game on April 7, as they went 0 for 2 in the Jays 9-5 victory over the Chicago White Sox. On August 26, Bowling hit their first (and only) career home run off Rick Langford of the Oakland Athletics. Overall, Bowling appeared in 89 games with Toronto, batting .206 with 1 HR and 13 RBI.
Bowling would not play in Major League Baseball after the 1977 season, as in 1978, they split time with the Syracuse Chiefs of the International League and Iowa Oaks of the American Association, then in 1979, they played for the Indianapolis Indians of the American Association before retiring.
Major League Career (1976–77)
Bowling appeared in 103 games in their career, batting .199 with 1 HR and 15 RBI. They collected 47 career hits.
References
External links
Retrosheet
1952 births
Living people
All-American college baseball players
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Baseball players from Oklahoma
Indianapolis Indians players
Iowa Oaks players
Knoxville Sox players
Leones del Caracas players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Major League Baseball outfielders
Milwaukee Brewers players
Newark Co-Pilots players
Sacramento Solons players
Spokane Indians players
Sportspeople from Tulsa, Oklahoma
Syracuse Chiefs players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Toronto Blue Jays players
Tulsa Golden Hurricane baseball players
The 2016 Sun Belt Conference Softball tournament was held at the Bobcat Softball Complex on the campus of the Texas State University in San Marcos, Texas from May 6 through May 9, 2015. The tournament winner earned the Sun Belt Conference's automatic bid to the 2016 NCAA Division I Softball Tournament. Day one of the tournament acted as a single elimination tournament, while Day 2 begins a double elimination format among the remaining 4 teams. The championship game was winner takes all. Days 1 & 2 of the tournament were streamed via sunbeltsports.org. Days 3 and 4 of the tournament (semifinals & championship) were televised on ESPN3.
Tournament
Day One Bracket 1
Day One Bracket 2
Days Two-Four
All times listed are Central Daylight Time.
Broadcasters
Day 1: Dan McDonald (sunbeltsports.org)
Tournament
Sun Belt Conference Softball Tournament
Ondřej Vetchý (born 16 May 1962) is a Czech actor. They were born in Jihlava, Czechoslovakia.
 They are currently employed at The Drama Club (DC) in Prague.
Notable performances
2005 – Katurian in The Pillowman, DC
2004 – Carluccio in The Businessman from Smyrna by Carlo Goldoni, DC
2002 – Count Paolo Grazia in Mask and The Face by Luigi Chiarelli, DC
2000 – Samson Martin - Kennedy Phillips in Wild Spring by Arnold Wesker, Divadlo Ungelt
1999 – Vincent van Gogh in Vincent by Gordon Smith, Divadlo Ungelt
Selected filmography
2022 – Medieval
2014 – František Vedral in Příběh kmotra
2013 – Elli in Colette
2012 – Jirka Luňák in Sunday League – Pepik Hnatek's Final Match (Czech Lion for Best Supporting Actor)
2011 – Tomáš in Innocence
2010 – Jirka Luňák aka Jiřina in Okresní přebor
2009 – in Broken Promise
2009 – Jan Pavel in An Earthly Paradise for the Eyes
2001 – František Sláma in Dark Blue World
1997 – Kvido's Father in Those Wonderful Years That Sucked
1996 – Brož in Kolya
1995 – Bajnyš Zisovič in Valley of Exile
1991 – Arnošt in The Territory of White Deer
1988 – Dan in Dům pro dva (nomination for European Film Award for Best Young Actor or Actress)
1985 – Janek in Give the Devil their Due
External links
1962 births
Living people
People from Jihlava
Czech male stage actors
Czech male film actors
Czech male television actors
20th-century Czech male actors
21st-century Czech male actors
Czech Lion Awards winners
Lieutenant-General Sir Robert Rich, 5th Baronet (1717 – 19 May 1785) was a British Army general and Governor of Londonderry and Culmore.
They fought at the Battle of Culloden in 1746 as colonel of the 4th King's Own (Barrell's) Regiment, where they lost their left hand to a sword cut and nearly lost the right forearm to another, in addition to six cuts to their head.
In 1756 they were appointed Governor of Londonderry and Culmore, in Ireland, and in 1760, made a Lieutenant-General.
They married Mary, sister of Peter Ludlow, 1st Earl Ludlow, and had an only daughter, Mary Frances. They married on 4 January 1784 the Reverend Charles Bostock of Shirley House, Hampshire.
On 4 May 1785, they died at Bath, Somerset. They left their estates to their daughter. These included Waverley Abbey in Surrey and Roos Hall in Suffolk.
The baronetcy passed to their brother, George. Their son-in-law, Charles, assumed the surname of Rich in 1790 and was themselves created a baronet in 1791. They died on 19 May 1785 at age 68.
References
National biography
1717 births
1785 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
British Army generals
British Army personnel of the Jacobite rising of 1745
King's Own Royal Regiment officers
British Army personnel of the Seven Years' War
Robert
English amputees
Parker Retzlaff (born May 21, 2003) is an American professional stock car racing driver. They compete part-time in the NASCAR Xfinity Series, driving the Nos. 28 and 38 Ford Mustangs for RSS Racing, the No. 02 Chevrolet Camaro for Our Motorsports, and part-time in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series, driving the No. 20 Chevrolet Silverado for Young's Motorsports. They also compete full-time in the eNASCAR Coca-Cola iRacing Series, driving the No. 6 Ford Mustang for RFK Racing.
Racing career
Early career
In 2012, at nine years old, Retzlaff competed in the Wisconsin Junior Sprints, where they won the mid-season championship. They competed in the Wisconsin Bandolero Series in 2013, finishing 3rd in points, and winning the championship a year later. They would rank 2nd in state points from 2015 to 2016.
They ran full-time in the ARCA Midwest Tour in 2017, where they ranked 14th in points and ranking 2nd in the Midwest Truck Series asphalt trucks. And for 2018, they finished sixth in the overall standings of the Midwest Truck Series.
ARCA Menards Series East
Retzlaff would sign with Visconti Motorsports for two races in the 2019 NASCAR K&N Pro Series East (now ARCA Menards Series East, driving the No. 74. They would finish 10th at Memphis International Raceway, for their first-ever top 10, and would finish 5th at Gateway Motorsports Park, scoring their first-ever top 5.
In 2020, Retzlaff would sign with Cook-Finley Racing full-time, driving in the No. 42. They earned 5 top 10s, and one top 20, finishing 4th in the standings.
They would return to Cook-Finley Racing in 2021 but only ran for a partial schedule. They would finish 4th at the Southern National Motorsports Park, making it their best career ARCA Menards Series East finish.
NASCAR K&N Pro Series West
Retzlaff made their 2019 NASCAR K&N Pro Series West debut, running the race's paired event with the NASCAR K&N Pro Series East, at Gateway Motorsports Park. They finished in 5th.
ARCA Menards Series
Retzlaff made their ARCA Menards Series debut in 2020 for Cook-Finley Racing, driving in paired events with the East series. Their best finish of the season was 8th at Toledo Speedway. They returned in 2021, driving in the paired East series race at the Milwaukee Mile. They would finish 11th.
NASCAR Xfinity Series
On December 3, 2021, Retzlaff would sign with RSS Racing for a part-time effort in the 2022 NASCAR Xfinity Series, driving the No. 38. They hope to have a full-time program in 2023. At the 2022 United Rentals 200, their first start, Retzlaff would qualify an impressive 6th. They quickly fell back after the first restart. A fuel pump issue would end Retzlaff's race on lap 158, finishing 36th. They would score their best career finish at the 2022 ToyotaCare 250, after starting and finishing the race in 10th. On September 15, 2022, it was revealed that Retzlaff and RSS Racing had mutually parted ways. On September 20, it was announced that Retzlaff would drive the No. 02 for Our Motorsports at the Texas fall race.
NASCAR Camping World Truck Series
On September 26, 2022, it was revealed that Retzlaff would make their NASCAR Camping World Truck Series debut at Talladega Superspeedway, driving the No. 20 for Young's Motorsports.
Personal life
Retzlaff currently resides in their hometown of Rhinelander, Wisconsin.  They are a fan of NASCAR Cup Series driver, Kyle Larson, and enjoys playing basketball, and working on race cars, and playing on their iRacing sim during their freetime.
Motorsports career results
NASCAR
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
Xfinity Series
Camping World Truck Series
K&N Pro Series West
ARCA Menards Series
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
ARCA Menards Series East
Images
References
External links
2003 births
Living people
ARCA Menards Series drivers
NASCAR drivers
Racing drivers from Wisconsin
People from Rhinelander, Wisconsin
In case G 1/15, the Enlarged Board of Appeal of the European Patent Office (EPO) affirmed the concept of partial priority. That is, a patent claim in a European patent application or European patent may partially benefit from the priority of an earlier application.
History
The questions referred to the Enlarged Board of Appeal under sought "to clarify how Article 88(2), second sentence, EPC is to be applied in the light of the Enlarged Board's decision G 2/98 in cases where a claim encompasses, without spelling them out, alternative subject-matters having all the features of the claim (known as a generic "OR"-claim), and whether parent and divisional applications may be prior art under against one another in respect of subject-matter disclosed in a priority application but not entitled to priority."
The case, triggered by decision T 557/13 issued on 17 July 2015 by Board of Appeal 3.3.06, had led the President of the EPO to decide that "all proceedings before EPO examining and opposition divisions in which the decision depends entirely" on the outcome of the case were to "be stayed ex officio until the Enlarged Board issues its decision". The case attracted more than thirty amicus curiae briefs. Oral proceedings were held on 7 June 2016 at the EPO in Munich, Germany.
The order, which was issued on November 29, 2016, reads:
The full reasoned decision was issued in February 2017.
See also
Amendments under the European Patent Convention
References
Further reading
External links
Reasoned decision G 1/15
Technical Board of Appeal decision T 0557/13 from Board 3.3.06, from which the referral originates (regarding - see also European Patent Register entry)
Notice from the European Patent Office dated 2 October 2015 concerning the staying of proceedings due to referral G 1/15 (EPO Official Journal, 2015, A92)
G 2015 1
{{Infobox person
| honorific_prefix = Brian Donovan| name =
| honorific_suffix =
| image =
| image_upright =
| landscape =
| alt =
| caption =
| native_name =
| native_name_lang =
| pronunciation =
| birth_name =
| birth_date =
| birth_place = Syracuse, New York
| death_date =
| death_place =
| death_cause =
| alma_mater = Syracuse University
| occupation =
| years_active =
| employer =
| organization =
| known_for =
| notable_works =
| style =
| spouse = Ellen Kanner
| children = 2
| parents =
| mother =
| father =
| relatives =
| family =
| callsign =
| awards =
| website =
| signature =
| signature_size =
| signature_alt =
| footnotes =
}}Brian Donovan' (March 11, 1941 June 20, 2018) was an American journalist for Newsday'' who won the Pulitzer Prize twice, in 1970 and in 1995. They were inducted into the Press Club of Long Island's Hall of Fame.
Biography
Donovan was born on March 11, 1941 in Syracuse, New York, and had one sibling. Their parents were William Donovan, a commercial insurance agent, and Marion Donovan. They earned their bachelor's degree in journalism from the S. I. Newhouse School of Public Communications of Syracuse University. Donovan was married to Ellen Kanner, with whom they had two children.
Career
They first worked for three years at the Rochester Democrat & Chronicle, and was then hired by Newsday in 1967. They retired from Newsday in 2002 to focus on a book, "Hard Driving" about Wendell Scott.
References
1941 births
2018 deaths
American male journalists
People from Syracuse, New York
Pulitzer Prize for Investigative Reporting winners
S. I. Newhouse School of Public Communications alumni
Daniel Sampaio Simões (born 11 January 1996), known as Danielzinho or simply Daniel, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as midfielder for Bahia.
Club career
Fluminense
Born in Rio de Janeiro, Daniel joined Fluminense's youth setup in 2003, aged seven. They made their first team debut on 27 January 2016, starting in a 0–1 Primeira Liga loss against Atlético Paranaense.
After being rarely used, Daniel was loaned to Série B side Oeste on 19 July 2016. They returned to Flu for the 2017 season, but was again loaned to Oeste after featuring rarely.
Daniel started the 2018 campaign on loan at Botafogo-SP, and returned to Oeste for the 2018 Série B before being recalled by Fluminense on 2 August 2018. They made their Série A debut late in the month, coming on as a late substitute for Junior Sornoza in a 1–2 away loss against Cruzeiro.
Daniel became a regular starter for Fluminense in the 2019 season, but did not reach an agreement to renew their contract with the club.
Bahia
On 12 December 2019, Daniel signed a two-year contract with fellow top tier side Bahia.
Career statistics
Honours
Bahia
Campeonato Baiano: 2020
Copa do Nordeste: 2021
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Footballers from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Fluminense FC players
Oeste Futebol Clube players
Botafogo Futebol Clube (SP) players
Esporte Clube Bahia players
Mount Van der Hoeven () is a mountain (1,940 m) at the north side of the head of Boggs Valley, near the center of Helliwell Hills. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–63, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Frans G. Van der Hoeven, a seismologist and leader of the United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP)-sponsored Victoria Land Traverse, 1959–60. The 1,530 mile seismic and topographic traverse in Tucker Sno-Cat vehicles took a roughly triangular course, beginning at Hut Point Peninsula, Ross Island, and ascending to the plateau of Victoria Land via Skelton Glacier. From there a northwest course was followed on interior plateau to . The party returned eastward, keeping south of the 72S parallel to (east side of Outback Nunataks), from where the party was evacuated by aircraft of U.S. Navy Squadron VX-6.
Mountains of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
{{DISPLAYTITLE:D7 polytope}}
In 7-dimensional geometry, there are 95 uniform polytopes with D7 symmetry; 32 are unique, and 63 are shared with the B7 symmetry. There are two regular forms, the 7-orthoplex, and 7-demicube with 14 and 64 vertices respectively.
They can be visualized as symmetric orthographic projections in Coxeter planes of the D6 Coxeter group, and other subgroups.
Graphs
Symmetric orthographic projections of these 32 polytopes can be made in the D7, D6, D5, D4, D3, A5, A3, Coxeter planes. Ak has [k+1] symmetry, Dk has [2(k-1)] symmetry. B7 is also included although only half of its [14] symmetry exists in these polytopes.
These 32 polytopes are each shown in these 8 symmetry planes, with vertices and edges drawn, and vertices colored by the number of overlapping vertices in each projective position.
References
H.S.M. Coxeter:
H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular Polytopes, 3rd Edition, Dover New York, 1973
Kaleidoscopes: Selected Writings of H.S.M. Coxeter, edited by F. Arthur Sherk, Peter McMullen, Anthony C. Thompson, Asia Ivic Weiss, Wiley-Interscience Publication, 1995,
(Paper 22) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi Regular Polytopes I, [Math. Zeit. 46 (1940) 380-407, MR 2,10]
(Paper 23) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes II, [Math. Zeit. 188 (1985) 559-591]
(Paper 24) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes III, [Math. Zeit. 200 (1988) 3-45]
N.W. Johnson: The Theory of Uniform Polytopes and Honeycombs, Ph.D. Dissertation, University of Toronto, 1966
Notes
7-polytopes
Golden Peak High School (GPHS) is an English medium residential school established in 1991 with the sole iron determination of imparting pragmatic education to its students. It is situated at Saraswatinagar, Chabahil, Kathmandu.
References
External links
Schools in Kathmandu
1991 establishments in Nepal
Dioscorea pseudomacrocapsa is a species of yam in the family Dioscoreaceae. It occurs in southeastern Brazil, and grows in tropical rainforests.
References
Dioscoreaceae
Symphonic Dances, Op. 45, is an orchestral suite in three movements completed in October 1940 by Russian composer Sergei Rachmaninoff. It is their final major composition, and their only piece written in its entirety while living in the United States.
The work allowed them to indulge in a nostalgia for the Russia they had known, much as they had done in the Symphony No. 3, as well as to effectively sum up their lifelong fascination with ecclesiastical chants. In the first dance, they quote the opening theme of their Symphony No. 1, itself derived from motifs characteristic of Russian church music. In the finale they quote both the Dies Irae and the chant "Blessed art thou, Lord" (Blagosloven yesi, Gospodi) from their All-Night Vigil.
Background
Rachmaninoff composed the Symphonic Dances four years after their Third Symphony, mostly at the Honeyman estate, "Orchard Point", in Centerport, New York, overlooking Long Island Sound. Its original name was Fantastic Dances, with movement titles of "Noon", "Twilight", and "Midnight". While the composer had written to conductor Eugene Ormandy in late August 1940 that the piece was finished and needed only to be orchestrated, the manuscript for the full score bears completion dates of September and October 1940. It was premiered by Ormandy and the Philadelphia Orchestra, to whom it is dedicated, on January 3, 1941.
The work is fully representative of the composer's later style with its curious, shifting harmonies, the almost Prokofiev-like grotesquerie of the outer movements and the focus on individual instrumental tone colors throughout (highlighted by their use of an alto saxophone in the opening dance). The opening three-note motif, introduced quietly but soon reinforced by heavily staccato chords and responsible for much of the movement's rhythmic vitality, is reminiscent of the Queen of Shemakha's theme in Rimsky-Korsakov's opera The Golden Cockerel, the only music by another composer that they had taken out of Russia with them in 1917.
The Symphonic Dances combine energetic rhythmic sections, reminiscent of Stravinsky's The Rite of Spring, with some of the composer's lushest harmonies. The rhythmic vivacity, a characteristic of Rachmaninoff's late style, may have been further heightened here for two reasons. First, they had been encouraged by the success of their Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini as a ballet in 1939 and wanted to write something with which to follow it up. Second, they may have included material intended for a ballet titled The Scythians, begun in 1914–15 but abandoned before they left Russia. While no manuscript for the ballet is known to have survived, this does not make their quoting the work inconceivable, given Rachmaninoff's remarkable memory. They could remember and play back accurately pieces they had heard years earlier, even those they had heard only once.
The work is remarkable for its use of the alto saxophone as a solo instrument. They were apparently advised as to its use by the American orchestrator and composer Robert Russell Bennett. The composition includes several quotations from Rachmaninoff's other works, and can be regarded as a summing-up of their entire career as a composer. The first dance ends with a modified quotation from their unfortunate First Symphony (1897), here nostalgically rendered in a major key. The ghostly second dance was called "dusk" in some sketches. The final dance is a kind of struggle between the Dies Irae theme, representing Death, and a quotation from the ninth movement of their All-night Vigil (1915), representing Resurrection (the lyrics of the All-night Vigil'''s ninth movement in fact narrate mourners' discovery of Christ's empty grave and the Risen Lord). The Resurrection theme proves victorious in the end (he wrote the word "Hallelujah" at this place in the score).
Instrumentation
The work is scored for an orchestra of piccolo, 2 flutes, 2 oboes, cor anglais, 2 clarinets, bass clarinet, alto saxophone, 2 bassoons, contrabassoon, 4 horns, 3 trumpets, 3 trombones, tuba, timpani, triangle, tambourine, side drum, cymbals, bass drum, tamtam, xylophone, glockenspiel, tubular bells, harp, piano, and strings.
Movements
Arrangements
Concert
Rachmaninoff wrote an arrangement for two pianos concurrently with the orchestral version. This arrangement was first performed by the composer with Vladimir Horowitz at a private party in Beverly Hills, California in August 1942.
Ballet
The name Symphonic Dances suggests that the composition can be danced to. Rachmaninoff corresponded with choreographer Michel Fokine about possibly creating a ballet from the Dances. They played the composition for Fokine on the piano; the choreographer responded enthusiastically. Fokine's death in August 1942 put an end to any possible collaboration in this direction.
In the 1980s, Joseph Albano choreographed the dances for the Albano Ballet in Hartford, Connecticut. In 1991, Salvatore Aiello choreographed the Symphonic Dances for the North Carolina Dance Theater. Peter Martins did so in 1994 for the New York City Ballet. Alexei Ratmansky choreographed Symphonic Dances for Miami City Ballet in 2012.Edwaard Liang did so in 2012 for the San Francisco Ballet. Liam Scarlett, as Artist In Residence choreographed the Symphonic Dances for The Royal Ballet, performed as part of a Quad billing at the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden, London in 2017.
Two organs
There exists a transcription of the entire piece by French composer/performer Jean Guillou, written for two organs.
Piano solo
There exists an unpublished transcription of the entire piece by the late Israeli pianist/composer/arranger Yahli Wagman, written between 1982-1986, for piano solo.
There also exists a recording of Rachmaninoff playing through the piano reduction for Eugene Ormandy, during which they sing, whistles and talks about how they think the Dances should be performed. Rachmaninoff played the first movement coda differently to the score; these minor changes were reproduced by the pianist Stephen Kovacevich when they performed the work with Martha Argerich at their 75th birthday concert at Wigmore Hall.
Recordings
Eugene Ormandy, conducting the Philadelphia Orchestra
Dimitri Mitropoulos, conducting the New York Philharmonic Orchestra (1942)
Nikolai Golovanov, conducting the USSR State Radio Symphony Orchestra, (1944 – 1st and 3rd mts, 1949 – 2nd mt)
Yevgeny Svetlanov, conducting the State Academic Symphony Orchestra of the Russian Federation
Kirill Kondrashin, conducting the Moscow Philharmonic Orchestra
Kirill Kondrashin, conducting the Concertgebouworkest (Concertgebouw, 1976)
Mariss Jansons, conducting the St Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra
Yuri Temirkanov, conducting the St Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra
André Previn, conducting the London Symphony Orchestra
Vladimir Ashkenazy, conducting the Concertgebouw Orchestra
Lorin Maazel, conducting the Berliner Philharmoniker
Sergiu Comissiona, conducting the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra
Eiji Oue, conducting the Minnesota Orchestra
Predrag Gosta, conducting the London Symphony Orchestra
Enrique Bátiz, conducting the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra
Robert Spano, conducting the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra
Donald Johanos, conducting the Dallas Symphony Orchestra
Eugene Goossens, conducting the London Symphony Orchestra
Sir Simon Rattle, conducting the Berliner Philharmoniker
Martha Argerich & Nelson Goerner, at Edinburgh International Festival 2011 (version for two pianos)
Nina Schumann & Luis Magalhães, TwoPianists Records (Version for two pianos)
Valery Gergiev, conducting the London Symphony Orchestra
Semyon Bychkov, conducting the WDR Symphony Orchestra Cologne
Valery Polyansky, conducting the State Symphony Capella of Russia
Sir Charles Mackerras, conducting the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra
Erich Leinsdorf, conducting the Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra
Leonard Slatkin, conducting the Detroit Symphony Orchestra
Vladimir Ashkenazy & Andre Previn, Decca Records (version for two pianos)
Martha Argerich & Nelson Freire, at Salzburg Festival 2009 (version for two pianos)
Yannick Nézet-Séguin, conducting the Philadelphia Orchestra, 2021
John Eliot Gardiner, conducting the NDR Sinfonieorchester
Notes
References
Norris, Gregory, ed. Stanley Sadie, The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians (London: Macmillan, 1980), 20 vols. .
Maes, Francis, tr. Pomerans, Arnold J. and Erica Pomerans, A History of Russian Music: From Kamarinskaya to Babi Yar (Berkeley, Los Angeles and London: University of California Press, 2002). .
David Brown, Liner notes to Deutsche Grammophon recording conducted by Mikhail Pletnev
Liner notes to Reference Recordings recording conducted by Eiji Oue
Michael Steinberg, San Francisco Symphony program notes, under External links
Bennett, Robert Russell. George J. Ferencz, editor. The Broadway Sound: The Autobiography and Selected Essays of Robert Russell Bennett'' (University of Rochester Press, 1999)
External links
Ormandy and Rachmaninoff
Recording on 2 Pianos at Pandora Records
Rachmaninov and the Day of Wrath inkpot.com
San Francisco Symphony Program Notes by Michael Steinberg
Compositions by Sergei Rachmaninoff
Compositions for symphony orchestra
Orchestral suites
Compositions for two pianos
1940 compositions
Jacobus Nicolaas (Sjaak) Brinkkemper (born Monnickendam, 18 January 1958) is a Dutch computer scientist, and Full Professor of organisation and information at the Department of Information and Computing Sciences of Utrecht University.
Biography
Brinkkemper received a BA from the University of Amsterdam in 1980 and an MSc from the Radboud University Nijmegen in 1984, both in Mathematics. In 1990 they received a PhD at the same university with their thesis Formalisation of information systems modelling, supervised by Eckhard Falkenberg and Alex Verrijn Stuart.
In 1984 they became an assistant professor at the department of Informatics at the Radboud University. In 1992 they became associate professor at the University of Twente. In addition, they have been a process architect at Baan from 1996 to 2002 and a consultant at Emendas for another year. Since 2004 Brinkkemper is full professor at Utrecht University, where they lead a group of about twenty researchers specialized in product software development and entrepreneurship.
 They are a member of the editorial boards of the journals Business Informatics, European Journal of Information Systems, Journal of Database Management, Journal on Information Systems and e-Business Management, and Management Information Systems Quarterly. Since 1989 they are a member of the International Federation for Information Processing IFIP WG 8.1 working group on information systems design and evaluation.
Work
Brinkkemper's research interests are methodology of product software development, software implementation, methods, requirements management, method engineering, information systems methodology, CASE-tools, and system development tools.
Publications
Brinkkemper has published several books, papers, and articles. Books:
Sjaak Brinkkemper. Formalisation of information systems modelling. PhD thesis Radboud University, Nijmegen 1990
Sjaak Brinkkemper and Matti Rossi. Metrics in Method Engineering. 1994.
Sjaak Brinkkemper, Kalle Lyytinen and Richard J. Welke (eds.). Method engineering: principles of method construction and tool support. International Federation for Information Processing, 1996.
Sjaak Brinkkemper, Arne Solvberg, Eva Lindencrona. Information systems engineering: state of the art and research themes. London etc. : Springer, 2000.
Colette Rolland, Sjaak Brinkkemper and Motoshi Saeki (eds.). Engineering information systems in the Internet context. International Federation for Information Processing IFIP TC8/WG8.1, 2002.
John Krogstie, Andreas Lothe Opdahl, and Sjaak Brinkkemper (eds.). Conceptual Modelling in Information Systems Engineering. Berlin: Springer, 2007. * Jolita Ralyté, Sjaak Brinkkemper, and Brian Henderson-Sellers (eds.). Situational Method Engineering: Fundamentals and Experiences: Proceedings of the IFIP WG 8.1 Working Conference, 12–14 September 2007, Geneva, Switzerland. IFIP Advances in Information and Communication Technology, Vol. 244. Berlin: Springer, 2007.
Articles, a selection:
References
External links
Staff web pages at Utrecht University.
Personal web pages at Utrecht University.
1958 births
Living people
Dutch computer scientists
Enterprise modelling experts
Radboud University Nijmegen alumni
Radboud University Nijmegen faculty
Dutch software engineers
Software engineering researchers
University of Twente faculty
Utrecht University faculty
People from Monnickendam
20th-century Dutch engineers
21st-century Dutch engineers
Carrabreg i Poshtëm ) or Donji Crnobreg is a village in the Deçan municipality of western Kosovo. It is located in the Dukagjini basin between Deçan and the village of Prilep along the mountainous border with Albania. The majority of the population comprises ethnic Albanians.
Geography
The village, of the "compact type", is located on 600m altitude on the left valley side of the Bistrica e Lloqanit (river), on both sides of the old Deçan–Gjakovë road.
History
Crnveni breg (Црвени брег) was mentioned in the Dečani chrysobull (1330). In the Ottoman defter of 1485, the village () had 19 Christian households and one Muslim household. In 1921, there were 58 households and 634 inhabitants. There are ruins of two Orthodox churches in the village, the Church of St. Nicholas, and the Church of St. George, both mentioned in the 1330 chrysobull. After World War II, the villages of Gornji Crnobreg and Donji Crnobreg were one hamlet, Crnobreg (Црнобрег), of Deçan.
References
Villages in Deçan
Medieval Serbian sites in Kosovo
The Synare was a series of electronic drums made by Star Instruments in the mid-1970s through the 1980s. The Synare was a drum synthesizer, meaning that it was essentially a synthesizer, but instead of being controlled by a keyboard, it was triggered by hitting rubber pads which were pressure-sensitive or programmable. Star Instruments, based in Stafford, CT, was owned by Norman Millard. Dave Kusek served as chief engineer from 1975-1979.
Models
The Synare 1 (Synare Percussion Synthesizer | Synare PS | PS1)
Four rubber rectangular pads connected to a main module with one oscillator producing pulse and sawtooth waveforms. It also had a white noise generator, Low Frequency Oscillator (LFO) with triangle and pulse waveforms, a mixer and a low-pass filter with Resonance and Cutoff controls. It also had an envelope generator with attack, decay, sustain, and release. Made from 1975 to 1981.
The Synare 2 (PS2)
This model was manufactured from 1976 to 1982 and was Star's flagship. It was very much like the Synare 1, with one oscillator providing sawtooth, pulse, or white noise. It added assignable functions, such as the ability to route the LFO in order to simultaneously modulate several parameters. The LFO also provided a sawtooth waveform. The pitch of the oscillator could set to a wide range of octaves, then fine tuned with a separate parameter. A major improvement over the Synare 1 was the introduction of a fairly advanced sequencer with multiple patterns, and the ability to change patterns and octaves on the fly. This model also featured twelve pads rather than the four of the Synare 1. The retail price in 1976 was $1,395.00, and as a result the Synare 2 remains a very rare item.
The Synare 3 (PS3)
Noted for its 'flying saucer' appearance, this was the first affordable model for most musicians. As well as the ability to be run on batteries, the model featured 2 oscillators with no variable waveforms, a white-noise generator, as well as a sweep function, which could be used up or down to achieve a descending 'booming' sound which was used extensively in disco records of the era. Oscillator 1 was the noise generator with a 'tune' function. The amplifier section had volume, attack, and decay controls. This model also had a low-pass filter with cutoff, resonance and decay controls and was manufactured from 1977 to 1982.
The Synare S3X
Virtually the same machine as its predecessor, but with more flexible modulation controls. Manufactured during the same time as the Synare 3.
The Synare 4
Very similar to its predecessor, but with an actual drumhead rather than a rubber pad. Had modulation route and depth controls. Made from approximately 1979–1983. Very rare. Can be seen in video of "Love Don't Live Here Anymore" by Rose Royce.
The Synare Lo Tom
Variant of the Synare 4.
The Synare Sensor
A small box that could be mounted to the rim of a drum on a drumset. One VCO that could be pitch modulated by an LFO and an envelope generator.
Notable users
Alan Myers of Devo
David Robinson of The Cars
Gary Numan
The Cure
Warren Cann of Ultravox
Stephen Morris of Joy Division and New Order
Merzbow
Layne Rico of Our Daughter's Wedding
Josh Klinghoffer
Alan Wilder of Depeche Mode
Herbie Hancock
Michael Garrison (Synare 2) on all of their albums up to Point of Impact (1983)
Jean Michel Jarre (two Synare 3, Equinoxe 4 Remix video clip)
Charly Alberti of Soda Stereo
References
External links
Synapse Magazine November-December 1977
Modern Drummer July 1977
Synare Fan Appreciation Page on Facebook (unofficial)
Drums
The 2012 Quebec Men's Provincial Curling Championship (also known as the Quebec Tankard) was held January 24–29, 2012 at the Club de Curling Kénogami in Jonquière, Quebec. The winning team of Robert Desjardins, represented Quebec at the 2012 Tim Hortons Brier in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
Format changes
The 2011–2012 season saw a new format for both the men and women's provincial playdowns. The men's tournament consisted of twelve teams in a triple knockout format, and playing for spots in a four team page playoff. Eight teams, four from east Quebec and four from the west Quebec, will qualify through zones playdowns, and four teams will qualify through the points system. This change means the defending champion from the previous season will no longer receive an automatic berth into the provincial playdowns and will see two additional teams compete in the provincial playdown.
Teams
Draw Brackets
A Event
B Event
C Event
Playoffs
C1 vs. C2
January 28, 19:00
A vs. B
January 28, 19:00
Semifinal
January 29, 09:00
Final
January 29, 14:00
References
Quebec Mens Provincial Curling Championship
Sport in Saguenay, Quebec
Curling in Quebec
Quebec Men's Provincial
Quebec Men's Provincial Curling Championship
The Tony Danza Tapdance Extravaganza was an American mathcore band from Murfreesboro, Tennessee. The band was founded (sans a vocalist) in Monroe, Louisiana by members Layne Meylain, Mason Crooks, Brad Thompson, and Mike Butler. They relocated to Murfreesboro, TN to look for a frontman and found Jessie Freeland.
The group derived their name (as a joke) from celebrity Tony Danza, upon one of their professions being tap dancing. The Tony Danza Tapdance Extravaganza released four studio albums before disbanding in 2012.
History
The Tony Danza Tapdance Extravaganza was founded in 2004. They chose their band name after actor Tony Danza; the humorous moniker is occasionally misinterpreted, as older concertgoers have attended shows in hopes of seeing Danza himself. The group signed with Corrosive Recordings in 2005 after self-releasing their debut album. Their second release, Danza II: Electric Boogaloo, was issued in 2007 on Black Market Activities. The album's name is a parody of the Danzig album, Danzig II: Lucifuge, as well as the 1980s film Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo. The album features short, humorous skits interspersed with the songs making fun of their surroundings growing up. The group has toured with Cattle Decapitation, Arsonists Get All the Girls, Veil of Maya, Full Blown Chaos, Despised Icon, The Acacia Strain, Beneath the Massacre, Unearth, See You Next Tuesday, The Red Chord, Shai Hulud, Psyopus, The Number 12 Looks Like You, Lye By Mistake, A Life Once Lost, and Emmure, among others. In March 2008, the band crashed their tour van after playing a show in Lewisville, Texas. Former member Brad Thomson founded Midgets with Machetes, a record label distributed by Uprising Records.
On September 24, 2009, the band announced that Layne Meylain and Mike Butler had amicably left the group. At the same time, the band formally announced their next album, Danza III: A Series of Unfortunate Events. The album focuses on lyrical themes such as personal, social, political and global "unfortunate events" tied around the three musical themes of technical, groove-based and ambient music. It was recorded in November 2009 with Jeremiah Scott and Steve Blackmon.
The band released their third album, Danza III: The Series of Unfortunate Events, on July 6, 2010. On the record, Josh Travis performs lead and rhythm guitar on an 8-string guitar as well as the bass. It also marks the first album by the band to include drummer Mike Bradley. The songs "I Am Sammy Jankis" and "The Union" were released as singles.
During May 2011, the band confirmed that Danza IIII is in the works. In the meantime of its creation, guitarist Josh Travis has joined Jerry Roush's new band Glass Cloud as a side-project with their debut album, The Royal A Thousand, being released on July 3, 2012.
On October 16, 2012, their album Danza IIII: The Alpha – The Omega was released. Dave Mustein of MetalSucks gave the album 4.5 out of 5 stars, stating, "Danza's bottom end is the single most unified element on The Alpha The Omega. There's no denying that previous Danza releases are heavy[...] but the record's heaviness is primarily due to the fact that all the instrumentation on the album was performed by rhythmic mastermind Joshua Travis[...] The production holds it all together, sounding gritty but professional, digital but uncompressed," but criticized the band for falling "into the trap of writing filler; the numerous samples begin to run together, decreasing the impact of songs like Hold the Line. And it's almost impossible to sit through the entirety of the glitchy, gimmicky Some Things Are Better Left Unsaid."
On August 23, 2012, Joshua Travis made this statement, regarding Danza's future:
"For this album, Jessie and I were looking to create more of a visceral vibe than a completely technical vibe. There are parts that do still get a bit chaotic of course, but not nearly as much as the avid listener is used to. Everything about this record is way more to the point, with much more heart put into it rather than just seeing how many notes could be thrown into a part or seeking to create 'the heaviest shit ever' or any of that nonsense. The record being titled The Alpha – The Omega, to us symbolized the beginning and the end of Danza. Jessie and I hope you enjoy it as much as we enjoyed creating it for you all."
The band's breakup has led the members to pursue different careers. Guitarist Travis went on to join the metalcore band Glass Cloud and later, Emmure.
Band members
Final lineup
Jessie "Danza" Freeland – lead vocals
Josh Travis – guitars
Previous members
Layne Meylain – guitar
Brad Thomson – guitar
Mike Butler – bass
Phil Lockett – bass
Mason Crooks – drums
Djed Cyril – drums
Mike Bradley – drums
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
Demos
Music videos
References
External links
The Tony Danza Tapdance Extravaganza at Black Market Activities
Heavy metal musical groups from Tennessee
Black Market Activities artists
American mathcore musical groups
American grindcore musical groups
Musical quartets
Musical groups established in 2004
Edward James (November 26, 1825 – October 15, 1909) was a millwright and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. They represented Lunenburg County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1878 to 1882 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
Early life
They were born and educated in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia, the son of Arthur James and Mary Ann Ernst. James served as captain in the local militia. They lived at Mahone Bay. James ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1874.
Death
They died in Lunenburg at the age of 83.
Personal life
Their grandfather, also named Edward James, also served as a member of the legislative assembly. In 1853, they married Eliza Lantz.
References
The Canadian parliamentary companion and annual register, 1879, CH Mackintosh
A Directory of the Members of the Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, 1758-1958, Public Archives of Nova Scotia (1958)
1825 births
1909 deaths
Progressive Conservative Association of Nova Scotia MLAs
People from Lunenburg County, Nova Scotia
Mary Van Rensselaer Buell (June 14, 1893 – February 18, 1969) was the first woman to earn a Ph.D. in biochemistry at the University of Wisconsin. They carried on extensive research in nutrition and physiological chemistry at the University of Wisconsin, University of Iowa, Johns Hopkins University, Washington University in St. Louis, and the University of Chicago.
Early life and education
Mary Van Rensselaer Buell was born in Madison, Wisconsin on June 14, 1893, daughter of Martha (Merry) and Charles Edwin Buell. Them father was a lawyer, and their mother was a prominent clubwoman and Cornell University alumna. Mary was one of four sisters; their sister Martha married geophysicist Louis B. Slichter. At the University of Wisconsin they earned a B.A. in chemistry in 1914, an M.A. in agricultural chemistry in 1915, and a Ph.D. in biochemistry in 1919. They were a Kappa Alpha Theta, Phi Beta Kappa, and Sigma Xi.
Work
Mary Van Rensselaer Buell was a member of the American Society of Biological Chemists and carried out extensive research on nutrition and physiological chemistry at University of Iowa, Johns Hopkins University, Washington University in St. Louis, and the University of Chicago. They worked on the chemistry of nucleic acids and nucleotides, the relation of hormones to the metabolism of carbohydrates, and the development of ultramicroscopic procedures for the analysis of enzyme activity.
Buell was an assistant in general chemistry at the University of Illinois (1915–1916) and an instructor at the University of Wisconsin (1917–1919). They were an instructor in physical chemistry from 1919 to 1920, and they served as an assistant professor of Home Economics at the University of Iowa from 1920 to 1921.
They were listed among the faculty at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine in Baltimore, MD, as an assistant professor (1921–1922), and then as an associate professor in the Department of Physiological Chemistry of the School of Medicine (1922–1930). They worked with the Department of Medicine from 1930 to 1946.
In 1948, Buell began the first of two appointments at the University of Wisconsin Enzyme Institute, where they were a research associate from 1948 to 1950. They went from there to the School of Medicine at Washington University in St. Louis (1950–1954), and then to the Pritzker School of Medicine (1954–1957), where they became a professor of biochemistry (1957–1960). Upon their "retirement" in 1960, they returned to work at the University of Wisconsin's Enzyme Institute.
Buell died in 1969, leaving behind an estate valued at $290,637.
References
External links
1893 births
1969 deaths
Scientists from Madison, Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Agricultural and Life Sciences alumni
American women chemists
20th-century American women scientists
20th-century American chemists
University of Iowa faculty
Johns Hopkins University faculty
Washington University in St. Louis faculty
Washington University School of Medicine faculty
Wanzhou North railway station () is a railway station in Wanzhou District, Chongqing, China. It is one of two passenger railway stations in Wanzhou and the first to offer high-speed service. The other station is Wanzhou railway station which is served by trains on conventional lines.
History
Wanzhou North railway station opened on 28 November 2016 along with the Chongqing–Wanzhou intercity railway.
Future
The station will be the terminus of the under construction Zhengzhou–Wanzhou high-speed railway. It will also be the terminus of a new Chongqing–Wanzhou route which will be faster and more direct than the existing route.
References
Railway stations in Chongqing
Railway stations in China opened in 2016
Paeonia tenuifolia is a herbaceous species of peony that is called the steppe peony or the fern leaf peony. It is native to the Caucasus Mountains of Russia and the Black Sea coast of Ukraine, spreading westward into Bulgaria, Romania and Serbia and eastward to northwestern Kazakhstan. It was described by Linnaeus in 1759. The leaves are finely divided into almost thread-like segments and grow close together on the stems. This peony can reach in height. The scented red flowers have numerous yellow stamens in the centre.
Description
Paeonia tenuifolia is a hairless herbaceous perennial plant with a stem of 30–60 cm high, which is densely set with alternately arranged compound leaves. The lowest leaves are twice compounded or the leaflets are deeply divided into many fine linear segments, ½-6 mm wide, with a blunt to rounded tip, dark green above, and lighter glaucous green below. The usually single flower on each stem seems to be floating on the foliage. The flower is 6–8 cm across, cup-shaped, with deep crimson, long inverted egg-shaped petals, with a rounded or blunt top. The stamens are 1½—2 cm long, with yellow filaments, anthers and pollen. There are usually three, sometimes two, coarse felty haired carpels, that will eventually develop into 2 cm long, dry, dehiscent fruits called follicles. This species is diploid with ten chromosomes (2n=10).
Taxonomy
Paeonia tenuifolia was first described by Linnaeus in the 10th edition of their Systema naturae of 1759. Franz Josef Ruprecht distinguished it from P. biebersteiniana, which was based on a specimen from Stavropol, in the Flora Caucasi, that was published in 1869. Opinions seem to have been divided as Lomakin only mentions P. tenuifolia in 1897, while two years later Lipsky separated the two species again, along with Nikolai Schipczinsky in 1937. Ketzchoweli described in 1959 P. carthalinica from Igoeti, Georgia and thought it to be very closely related to P. tenuifolia, though having broader leaflets and greyish felty hairs on the carpels and follicles. Kemularia-Nathadze, who revised the genus Paeonia in 1961, considered these two might be synonymous. In 2003, Hong and Zhou found the characters that were used to distinguish between all three taxa occurred in any combination and intergraded. Even within one population, plants typical fitting to either of the original descriptions occurred together. They found one plant with some leaves with very narrow leaflets less than 1 mm, while other leaves on the same plant had broad leaflets of over ½ cm. There seems to be consensus now that all are best considered as one polymorphic species.
Ecology
P. tenuifolia flowers earlier than other peonies, and dies down early too. This is probably because it grows in steppes, with dry and hot summers. The seeds of this species germinate above the soil in full light, which is exceptional among peonies.
The caterpillars of the moth Pelatea klugiana feed on the leaves of several Paeonia species, including Paeonia tenuifolia. Several larvae live together in a nest of silk that binds together several lobes of a leaf, and move only within the nest.
Cultivation
This hardy species is an attractive plant for the garden which is easy to grow and hardy in temperate zones. Still, as an inhabitant of the steppes of southern Russia and Kazakhstan, it is adapted to growing in the full sun and experiencing cold winters, and dry, hot summers, and it is susceptible to moult development on its leaves during prolonged wet spells. It has been in cultivation in Germany since 1594, and was introduced to England in 1765 and America in 1806. There are several cultivars and hybrids known to be in cultivation:
Paeonia tenuifolia 'Rosea' has pink flowers
Paeonia tenuifolia Rosea Plena' with double pink flowers
Paeonia ×smouthii, a presumed hybrid with P. lactiflora, which was commercially introduced in 1843, and sometimes listed as P. laciniata in nursery catalogues. It is taller than P. tenuifolia, and usually has more than one flower per stem with a sweet perfume, traits inherited from P. lactiflora. It is a diploid, and does not produce fertile seed. It was probably named in honor of M. Smout, a professional chemist at the Catholic University of Mechelen, who was an active breeder of plants.
Paeonia ×majko, a presumed hybrid with P. daurica, found in Georgia, is not deemed particularly appealing.
P. tenuifolia var. plena, a variety with double flowers, is said to have been introduced to English gardens in 1765.
P. hybrida: in 1818 it was regarded as a garden hybrid between P. anomala and P. tenuifolia by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle in 1818, which according to them also occurred in the wild. However, Hong and Pan regard P. hybrida as synonymous with P. anomala.
References
tenuifolia
Flora of the Caucasus
Flora of Bulgaria
Flora of Kazakhstan
Flora of Russia
Flora of Ukraine
Plants described in 1759
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Dorothy Wall (12 January 1894 – 21 January 1942) was a New Zealand-born writer and illustrator of children's fiction books.  They are most famous for creating Blinky Bill, an anthropomorphic koala who was the central character in their books Blinky Bill: The Quaint Little Australian (1933), Blinky Bill Grows Up (1934) and Blinky Bill and Nutsy (1937). Most of their books were first published by Angus & Robertson.
Biography
Wall was born in Kilbirnie, New Zealand on 12 January 1894 of English parents, Charles James William Wall and Lillian née Palethorpe. In 1904, at the age of ten, they won scholarships for their art. They migrated to Australia in 1914 and worked for The Sun newspaper in Sydney. In 1920 their first children's story "Tommy Bear and the Zookies" was published and the following year they married Andrew Delfosse Badgery. The same year Wall found some acclaim for their illustrations in J.J. Hall's book "The Crystal Bowl".
Throughout the 1920s and 1930s, they continued to work as an illustrator. Them best-known book Blinky Bill: The Quaint Little Australian was published in 1933. In 1934 they divorced Badgery and moved with their son to Warrimoo in the Blue Mountains where they completed two more Blinky Bill books, Blinky Bill Grows Up and Blinky Bill and Nutsy. Despite Blinky Bill's popularity Wall experienced financial difficulties and was forced to fall back on their skills as an artist. Angus & Robertson, Ltd., their publishers at the time, provided them with work illustrating book jackets.
Suffering from depression, Bipolar disorder and with failing health, Wall returned to New Zealand in 1937 where they became an illustrator for the New Zealand Herald and the Auckland Weekly News. Over the next few years, both their health and their financial situation improved, aided no doubt by the publishing of The Complete Adventures of Blinky Bill in 1939. In July 1941 Wall moved back to Sydney and the country they loved so much, but their health quickly deteriorated, and on 21 January 1942 they died of pneumonia at their home in Cremorne. They were buried in the Northern Suburbs cemetery.
Legacy
In 1985 a postage stamp honouring Wall or their creation, Blinky Bill, was issued by Australia Post as part of a set of five commemorating children's books.
Bibliography
The Story of Tommy Bear and the Zookies (1920)
The Rainy Day: Gift Book of the Commonwealth Savings Bank of Australia (1925)
Blinky Bill: The Quaint Little Australian (1933)
The Tale of Bridget and the Bees (1934)
Blinky Bill Grows Up (1934)
Brownie: The Story of a Naughty Little Rabbit (1935)
Stout Fellows: Chum, Angelina Wallaby, Um-Pig and Flip (1936)
Blinky Bill and Nutsy: Two Little Australians (1937)
The Complete Adventures of Blinky Bill (1939)
Blinky Bill Joins the Army (1940)
Blinky Bill's Dress-Up Book (1942)
Blinky Bill's ABC Book (1947)
A Tiny Story of Blinky Bill (1947)
Horrie Kiwi and the Kids (1983)
References
External links
Dorothy Wall at IMDb
See also
Australian people of English descent
New Zealand people of English descent
1894 births
1942 deaths
New Zealand children's writers
People from Wellington City
New Zealand emigrants to Australia
Australian women writers
New Zealand women children's writers
Blinky Bill
19th-century Australian women
20th-century Australian women
Australian children's writers
Zhujiang Road Station is a metro station at Chengdu, Sichuan, China. It was opened on December 18, 2020 with the opening of Chengdu Metro Line 8.
References
Chengdu Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2020
Kajraare () is a 2010 Indian Hindi-language film directed by Pooja Bhatt, starring Himesh Reshammiya and Sara Loren in the lead roles. Reshammiya plays a singer who falls in love with a bar dancer and the film is centred on how they find true love. It is the first Hindi film to be shot in Petra, often called "the eighth wonder of the world."
Plot
Rajiv Bhel (Himesh Reshammiya) is haunted by their very own past which torments him. They move to Jordan where they have a job as a bartender, however Avtaar Singh forbids them to stay and immediately wants them to return to India. Rajiv then contemplates suicide but the eyes of a ravishing beauty strikes their own eyes. A chase ensues, until another man appears and takes the "beauty" in their own hands. The guy tells Rajiv if they want to see what they do, they must come to the bar to "watch them dance".
Rajiv visits the aquarium and they see the lady again and develops immense love for them The woman is Nargis who is revealed as a prostitute. They then falls in love. One night, Rajiv visits the "bar", and watches their (Nargis) dance. Embarrassed and feeling unworthy, Rajiv runs away, however, after the end of the night, its time to head home. Nargis and their colleagues get in a taxi which Rajiv follows. At the end of the trip, Rajiv gets closer to Nargis only for Rajiv to return the scarf that Nargis dropped at the bar. Mockingly, Nargis refuses it but Rajiv says if they keep disappearing like this, they will hang themselves with the scarf. Nargis offers for a longer one in a joking way.
Regardless, Rajiv wants to marry Nargis. Rajiv wants Nargis to be free from prostitution. Rajiv must now get past Zohra Baano. They own a prostitution business and hires other women to do their dirty work, the only source of income. Zohra Baano wants a price in exchange and Rajiv is willing to do that. Slowly, Nargis begins to develop feelings for Rajiv. One night, Nargis escapes the brothel, Rajiv finds them and takes them to a hotel. Nargis realises this was a mistake so they must return to the brothel. As soon as the "couple" leave the hotel, 3 drunkards approach them and one of them recognizes Rajiv as "Rocky". In fact, this is their real name, although "Rajiv" denies it. Rajiv fights off the drunkards and realises that Nargis knows the truth. So they decide to come clean about their life story.
Rocky Desai (also Himesh Reshammiya), a singer, is on the aeroplane. An ardent boy, who's a fan of Rocky, and their granny wants an autograph so Rocky writes one for them. On the plane, an uneasy passenger heads for the restroom but they are a terrorist. They threaten the entire crew, until Rocky sees this. They get into a fight but suddenly the gun goes off killing the terrorist. Avtaar tells Rocky, they just killed Babbar's brother. Babbar is a most-wanted terrorist. They vow revenge on Rocky. Avtaar recommends Rocky to change their identity and start afresh. And this is how Rocky becomes Rajiv.
Rajiv breaks Avtaar's oath by going back to UK. He's playing with their sister in the park until they receive a call. It is Avtaar who wants them to return to London (as a cover up) Babbar is targeting their sister. After the call, their sister is gone. The white woman who witnessed the event says a man just took them Babbar then tells Rocky he's sister is dead. This shatters them completely.
What follows is the underlying quest for true love. At the climax, Babbar captures Zohra Baano and Nargis. Rajiv / Rocky rescues them and kills Babbar. At the end, they are married.
Cast
Himesh Reshammiya as Rajiv Behl / Rocky Desai
Sara Loren as Nargis (Mona Lizza)
Amrita Singh as Zohra Baano
Natasha Sinha as Nargis (Mona Lizza)'s mother
Gaurav Chanana as Sadiq - Dead
Javed Sheikh as Tariq Anwar
Gulshan Grover as Avtaar Singh - Dead
Anupam Shyam as Nawaz - Dead
Adnan Shah as Babur Altaf Khan - Dead
Ahsan Baksh
Loveena Lodh
Mohammed Kazi
Rachel Gurjar
Veeru Krishnan
Release
The film was supposed to be released on 6 August 2010, along with Aisha, but due to clashes between director Pooja Bhatt and the producer, Bhushan Kumar, the release was delayed. According to sources, Kumar later sold the satellite rights to a television channel, which wanted it to have an official theatrical release before they could air it. On 15 October 2010, the film was released in only two theatres in Mumbai.
Bhushan Kumar stated in an interview that the film will release worldwide on the TV channel Colors in December 2010.
The film was previewed on UTV Movies on 28 May 2011. The Film was also previewed on Star Gold Channel.
Home media
The DVDs and VCDs of Kajraare were released by Eros in the first week of December 2010.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack of Kajraare was released on 30 May 2010. The album has 7 tracks and 4 remixes. All songs are composed and sung by Himesh Reshammiya with lyrics by Sameer.
Track listing
References
External links
T-Series (company) films
2010 films
Films scored by Himesh Reshammiya
2010s Hindi-language films
Films shot in Jordan
Films set in Pakistan
Films set in Jordan
Films about prostitution in India
Films set in Lahore
Films set in Punjab, Pakistan
Films shot in Dubai
Films shot in Morocco
Films shot in Pakistan
Films shot in Lahore
Films shot in Punjab, Pakistan
Paraphelenchidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Aphelenchida.
Genera:
Metaphelenchus Steiner, 1944
Paraphelenchus Micoletzky, 1922
References
Nematodes
William de Beverley, Le Buerlaco, or de Burlaco (died 1289 or 1292) was a senior English Crown official of the reign of King Edward I of England. They held high public office, and spent their last years in Ireland as Lord Chancellor of Ireland.
The most usual version of their surname suggests that they may have been a native of Beverley in Yorkshire, a county with which they had a professional connection.
They sat on a commission to inquire into knights' service in three counties in 1279. They were a royal tax collector in Yorkshire in 1283-5: Richard de Soham, another future Irish judge, acted as their assistant. In 1286 King Edward sent them to Ireland to deal with unspecified "special affairs" there. They were appointed Lord Chancellor in 1288. Ball gives their date of death as 1289, and this is borne out by legal proceedings that year, which refer to "William de Beverlaco, deceased". Some sources however give their date of death as 1292.
Our few personal glimpses of them come from their letters to their English opposite number, Robert Burnell, Lord Chancellor of England, who was a friend of his.
From Court records we know that they were the legal guardian of a female relative, Margery de Anlatheby or de Anlauby, a woman of some wealth, who was adjudged to be insane. Margery was a widow with four children, and apparently became insane after their husband's death in 1279. Although their father was still alive in 1289, William had custody of their person and lands until their death.
Lord chancellors of Ireland
People from Yorkshire
Sources
Ball, F. Elrington The Judges in Ireland 1221-1921 London John Murray 1926
Buhrer, Eliza Mental Competency Inquisitions from Medieval England (ca. late 12th c.-early 15th c.) Published in Medieval Disability Sourcebook: Western Europe Cormac McNabb, ed. Punctum Books 2020
Haydn, Joseph Book of Dignities London Longman Green Brown and Longmans 1851
Inquisitions, Post Mortem, Edward 1, File 54
Notes
Saraycık, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Winslow High School can refer to the following schools in the United States:
Winslow High School (Arizona)
Winslow High School (Indiana), defunct, merged in 1974
Winslow High School (Maine)
Winslow Township High School, New Jersey
Winslow High School, fictional setting of the American television series Boston Public
See also
Lena-Winslow High School, Lena, Illinois
Robbins Glacier () is a broad glacier flowing into the head of Peale Inlet on the north side of Thurston Island. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after Aviation Radarman James Haskin Robbins of the Eastern Group of U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, aircrewman in the PBM Mariner seaplane that crashed on adjacent Noville Peninsula, December 30, 1946. Their energy and initiative contributed to the well-being of six survivors who were rescued Jan 12, 1947 (Ball Peninsula, Mount Howell).
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
Maps
Thurston Island – Jones Mountains. 1:500000 Antarctica Sketch Map. US Geological Survey, 1967.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
References
Glaciers of Thurston Island
New York v. Ferber, 458 U.S. 747 (1982), was a landmark decision of the U.S Supreme Court, unanimously ruling that the First Amendment to the United States Constitution did not forbid states from banning the sale of material depicting children engaged in sexual activity, even if the material was not obscene.
Procedural background
New York had an obscenity law that made it illegal for an individual to "promote any performance which includes sexual conduct by a child less than sixteen years of age." Paul Ferber, an owner of an adult bookstore in Manhattan, was charged under the law after they sold an undercover police officer two films depicting young boys masturbating. They were charged with promoting both obscene sexual performances and indecent sexual performances. At trial, they were acquitted of the obscene sexual performance count but they were convicted of the indecent sexual performance count, and the conviction was affirmed by the intermediate appellate court. The New York Court of Appeals overturned the conviction, finding the obscenity law unconstitutional under the First Amendment because the law was both underinclusive as to other films of dangerous activity, and overbroad as to its application to materials produced out-of-state and non-obscene materials.
Supreme Court's decision
The Court upheld the constitutionality of New York's obscenity law, ruling that it did not violate the First Amendment, and reversed and remanded the case.
For a long time before the decision, the Court had ruled that the First Amendment allowed the regulation of obscenity. Under the Court's previous decision in Miller v. California, , material is "obscene" if, taken as a whole and applying contemporary community standards, it lacks serious scientific, literary, artistic, or political value, is "patently offensive" and aimed at "prurient interests". The court in Ferber found that child pornography, however, may be banned without first being deemed obscene under Miller for five reasons:
The government has a very compelling interest in preventing the sexual exploitation of children.
Distribution of visual depictions of children engaged in sexual activity is intrinsically related to the sexual abuse of children. The images serve as a permanent reminder of the abuse, and it is necessary for government to regulate the channels of distributing such images if it is to be able to eliminate the production of child pornography.
Advertising and selling child pornography provides an economic motive for producing child pornography.
Visual depictions of children engaged in sexual activity have negligible artistic value.
Thus, holding that child pornography is outside the protection of the First Amendment is consistent with the Court's prior decisions limiting the banning of materials deemed "obscene" as the Court had previously defined it. For this reason, child pornography need not be legally obscene before being outlawed.
See also
Ashcroft v. Free Speech Coalition, , which established that simulated child pornography is protected free speech
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 458
References
Further reading
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Burger Court
United States Free Speech Clause case law
Child pornography law
1982 in United States case law
American Civil Liberties Union litigation
Diminished may refer to:
Diminution in music
"Diminished" (R.E.M. song), from the 1998 album Up
Kim Quy (Chữ Hán: 金龜) (“Gold Turtle”, also spelled Kim Qui) is a mythical golden turtle god appearing in several Vietnamese legends.
In one legend, they appear to the early Vietnamese ruler An Dương Vương (d. 179 BC) and gives them one of their golden claws as a trigger for a magical crossbow with which An Dương Vương can kill 300 enemies with one shot. With it they are able to protect the kingdom. Later on, however, An Dương Vương's daughter marries their enemy's son and betrays the secret of the crossbow. Them husband secretly switches the trigger so that the crossbow no longer has any magical powers, and when their father attacks, An Dương Vương is forced to flee with their daughter. They flee far to the south, but always feels the enemy is right at their back. Kim Quy appears to them and tells them it their own daughter, riding on the horse behind him, is their enemy. An Dương Vương executes their daughter for their betrayal before drowning themselves in the ocean.
In another legend, Kim Quy appears to the Vietnamese emperor Lê Lợi (r.1428–1435) in The Green Water Lake in what is now Hanoi. Lê Lợi had led the Lam Sơn uprising against the Ming Dynasty, who had occupied Vietnam. According to the legend, the Dragon King (Long Vương), a local god, had aided Lê with a magical sword, Heavens' Will (Thuận Thiên), with which Lê was able to drive out the Chinese and establish the Later Lê dynasty. After their victory, Kim Quy appeared to Lê from out of the lake to take back the sword for the Dragon King. The emperor hands over the sword and Kim Quy disappears into the lake, which has ever since been called The Lake of the Returned Sword (Hoàn Kiếm Lake). The lake was, until very recently, home to the Hoan Kiem turtle, but the last one died in late 2015 or early 2016. The Turtle Tower on an island in the lake, commemorates the legend.
References
Mythological creatures
Mythological animals
Vietnamese gods
Nelson M. Shoemaker (February 17, 1911 in Grandview, Manitoba – June 10, 2003) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada. They served as a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1958 to 1969.
The son of Allan Shoemaker and Alice Louetta Harkness, Shoemaker was educated at a one-room school in Grandview, and became a partner of Shoemaker-McGilvray Agencies in Neepawa, working in the fields of insurance, travel and real estate. They later sold the business, which became known as Gill and Schmall Agencies. In 1933, they married Edith E. Ford. They were director of Associated Hospitals of Manitoba from 1955 to 1960, and an alderman in the town of Neepawa from 1956 to 1959.
They were easily elected to the Manitoba legislature in the 1958 provincial election for the rural riding of Gladstone, ironically as the Liberals were voted out of office at the provincial level. In the 1959 election, they defeated Progressive Conservative challenger Earl Murray by only 149 votes. They were returned by greater margins in the elections of 1962 and 1966, and spent their entire legislative career on the opposition benches.
The Liberal Party lost much of its rural support in the 1969 election, and Shoemaker lost their seat to James Ferguson of the Progressive Conservatives by 417 votes. They did not seek a return to the legislature after this time, and lived in Neepawa until their death.
References
1911 births
2003 deaths
Manitoba Liberal Party MLAs
People from Neepawa, Manitoba
Nhlanhla Vincent Xaba is a South African politician who has been a member of the National Assembly of South Africa for the African National Congress since April 2022.  They are a member of the Portfolio Committee on Health.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Zulu people
African National Congress politicians
Members of the National Assembly of South Africa
Kenneth Goff (September 19, 1914 - April 11, 1972) was an anti-Fluoride, Christian Identity, anti-Communist minister. They were the 1944 national chairperson of Gerald L. K. Smith's Christian Youth for America.
Biography
According to their biographical material, they were a member of the Communist Party of the United States of America (CPUSA) from May 2, 1936, to October 9, 1939, when they testified before the Dies Committee. They claimed that while in the CPUSA they infiltrated youth organizations and worked for Communist front organizations, maintaining links with Communist leaders both in the U.S. and the U.S.S.R., in order to lay the groundwork for Communist revolution in the United States. They also claimed that their testimony before the Dies Committee led to the dismissal of 169 federal employees. They died at the age of 57 in Chicago in 1972 during a speaking tour.
Following their appearance before the Dies Committee, Goff made numerous speaking tours and was the author of 28 books, numerous tracts and several periodicals, including from 1962-1967 The Pilgrim Torch. In their 1954 book, Hitler and the Twentieth Century Hoax, which denied the Holocaust, Goff claimed that Hitler was a Communist agent, hinted they were Jewish, and also that Hitler was still alive and would reappear to advance Communism. They also claimed that both hippies and desegregation were part of a Communist plot. They told the Dies Committee that the Communists were in favor of water fluoridation, because they intended to take over water treatment plants and threaten to poison the water supply with fluoride if Americans did not surrender.
Goff's main influence on Christian Identity came through their leadership of the Soldiers of the Cross Training Institute, located in Evergreen, Colorado, which trained Christian Identity ministers, including Dan Gayman of the Church of Israel and Thomas Robb, pastor of the Christian Revival Center and National Director of The Knights Party (KKK). The Institute provided courses on Christianity, politics, survivalism and other subjects.
On The Joe Pyne Show Episode #12 1965, Joe Pyne asked Kenneth Goff if they were anti-Semitic. They dodged the question by saying Arabs are included in the term Semitic. Then, Joe Pyne said "Jesus was a Jew." Kenneth Goff said "Jesus could not be a Jew because Jesus was human and Jews aren't."
In their 1970 book, The Hoaxers: Plain Liars, Fancy Liars and Damned Liars, Morris Kominsky claimed that Goff was the author of Brain-Washing, a book that purported to be a condensation of a work by Lavrentiy Beria, the Soviet secret police chief.
Goff has also been attributed with creating the "strangled to death quote", which they falsely attributed to the CPUSA leader, Gus Hall. The purported quote was:
I dream of the hour when the last member of congress is strangled to death on the guts of the last preacher-and since the Christians seem to love to sing about the blood, why not give them a little of it? Slit the throats of their children [and] draw them over the mourners' bench and the pulpit and allow them to drown in their own blood, and then see whether they enjoy singing those hymns.
The quote is evocative of Denis Diderot, the eighteenth-century philosopher who allegedly wrote, "I should like to see ... the last king strangled with the guts of the last priest." The evangelist Jerry Falwell used the false quote as late as 1980.
In 2011, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police released a 1960 letter from Goff to the anti-Communist writer Pat Walsh, which claimed that Canadian socialist leader Tommy Douglas had been active in Communist circles in the 1930s. According to Goff, "Premier Douglas was a preacher in Chicago about the time I was a member of the Communist Party and they attended party rallies on the University campus presided over by Claude Lightfoot and Morris Childs".
Books
Brainwashed Into Slavery, by Kenneth Goff, 63 pages
They would destroy our way of life (1944) 48 pages
Traitors in the Pulpit and Treason Toward God (1946) 61 pages
Confessions of Stalin's Agent (1948) 78 pages text
Red betrayal of youth (1948) 32 pages
The Soviet Art Of Brainwashing - A Synthesis of the Russian Textbook on Psychopolitics (1950)
Will Russia Invade America? (1951) 63 pages
Communism in America (1952)
The scarlet woman of Revelation (1952) 32 pages
One World a Red World (1952) 64 pages
The Long Arm of Stalin (1952) 63 pages
Hitler and the Twentieth Century Hoax (1954) 72 pages. Goff suggests Hitler was a communist agent and may have survived the fall of Berlin.
Strange Fire (The Church, Christianity & Communism in America) (1954) hardcover
The flying saucers: From Russia, from another planet, from God (1955) 32 pages
AMERICA: Zion of God (1955) 80 pages
Reds Promote Racial War (1958) 76 pages
Red Shadows (1959) 93 pages
Still 'tis Our Ancient Foe (1962)
Red tide (1962) 63 pages
Crackpot or crack shot (1964) 10 pages
Satanism - the father of Communism (1968) 72 pages
Red atrocities against Christians (1968) 63 pages
Reds launch war to destroy white race (1969)
From Babylon to Baruch
Pilgrim Torch (c.1946-1967)
Christian Battle Cry (1966-1971)
See also
Brain-Washing (book)
Dr. Strangelove
Notes
References
Associated Press (AP), "Communism Foe Rev. Goff Dies". Greeley Tribune. 13 April 1972. Retrieved 16 January 2013
Durham, Martin. White Rage: The Extreme Right and American Politics. New York, NY: Routledge 2007
Boller, Paul F. and George, John. They Never Said It: A Book of Fake Quotes, Misquotes, and Misleading Attributions. New York, NY: Oxford University Press US, 1990
Kaplan, Jeffrey. Encyclopedia of white power: a sourcebook on the radical racist right. Walnut Creek, CA: Rowman & Littlefield, 2000
Komisky, Morris. The hoaxers: plain liars, fancy liars, and damned liars, Volume 1. Brooklyn Village, MA: Branden Press, 1970
Lilley, Brian. "RCMP's secret files on Tommy Douglas". QMI agency, February 20, 2011. Retrieved 2011-08-13.
External links
Kenneth Goff's FBI files, obtained under the FOIA and hosted at the Internet Archive:
Part 1
Part 2
Part 3
Part 4
Denver office part 1
Denver office part 1A
Denver office part 2
Denver office part 3
Denver office part 4
Denver office part 5
Christian Identity
1915 births
1972 deaths
Old Right (United States)
American conspiracy theorists
American Holocaust deniers
American anti-communists
Activists from Colorado
"Me and My Crazy World" is the lead single released from the Lost Boyz' second album, Love, Peace & Nappiness. The song, produced by "Ron "DJ Ron G" Bowser, details a love triangle in which Mr. Cheeks and two girls are involved.
The song was a minor crossover hit, peaking at number 52 on the Billboard Hot 100, while also becoming a sizable hit on the R&B and rap charts. "Me & My Crazy World" was the only charting single released from Love, Peace & Nappiness, a farcry from the five charting singles released from the previous album. Problems with the group's label, Uptown Records, which was on the verge of shutting down, caused follow-up singles from Love, Peace & Nappiness and the following album, 1999's LB IV Life to go unnoticed.
Single track listing
A-Side
"Me and My Crazy World" - 5:11
"Me and My Crazy World" (Clean Radio Mix) - 3:58
"Me and My Crazy World" (TV Mix) - 5:11
B-Side
"Summer Time" - 4:18
"Summer Time" (Clean version) - 4:18
Chart history
1997 singles
Lost Boyz songs
1997 songs
Songs written by Mr. Cheeks
Uptown Records singles
Courageuse was a 40-gun of the French Navy, completed in 1794 and renamed Justice in April 1795. The British and Ottomans captured them in 1801 at the siege of Alexandria and they became a prize to the Ottomans.
Career
Justice was named Courageuse on 5 October 1794 in error; there was already a Courageuse in service. They were renamed Justice on 20 April 1795.
Between January and September 1796 Justice was in the Dardanelles, under the command of capitaine de vaisseau Dalbarde, and sailed from Constantinople to Toulon. From 14 May 1797 to 11 June they as at Toulon, cruising the Italian coast. From 27 June to 21 April 1798 Justice sailed from Toulon to Corfu, then to the Adriatic, and lastly they participated in the French expedition to Egypt.
In late 1797 Justice captured the British privateers and Fortune and took them into Corfu.
Between 23 July 1798 and 25 July Justice was at Aboukir. After the frigate ran aground in Aboukir, Justice escorted them to Alexandria for repairs.
On 2 August Justice was under the command of Captain Jean Villeneuve and participated in the battle of the Nile. They and sailed in the morning and so escaped. Justice arrived at Valletta on 28 August 1798.
Between 24 August 1800 and 1 September they sailed from Malta to Toulon, a little before the island fell to the British.
Between 24 January 1801 and 3 February Justice sailed from Toulon to Alexandria in company with to resupply the French army there. Justice succeeded in evading the British blockade.
Fate
They were in Alexandria when the British captured Alexandria on 2 September 1801. The British and their Ottoman allies agreed to a division of the spoils; the British received (50) and (40), and the ex-Venetian frigate Léoben (26), and (ex-Venetian Medusa) (26), while Captain Pacha (sic) received Causse (ex-Venetian Vulcano) (64), Justice (46), Mantoue (ex-Venetian Cerere) (26), and the ex-Ottoman corvettes Halil Bey, Momgo Balerie, and Salâbetnümâ. Admiral Lord Keith commander of the naval forces, gave the value of Justice for prize money purposes at £17,095 2s 2d.
Citations
References
Virginie-class frigates
Ships built in France
1794 ships
Ralph Lawrence Hansch (May 20, 1924 – February 29, 2008) was a Canadian ice hockey goaltender.
They were born and died in Edmonton, Alberta.
Hansch was a member of the Edmonton Mercurys that won a gold medal at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, Norway.  They are the only goaltender to wear number "0" at the Olympics.
External links
bio
1924 births
2008 deaths
Canadian ice hockey goaltenders
Ice hockey players at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Sportspeople from Edmonton
Ice hockey people from Alberta
Harry Statham (born May 29, 1937) is a former American basketball coach.  They are a member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) Basketball Hall of Fame. Their 1,122 wins during their 52 seasons at McKendree University of Lebanon, Illinois, are third-most by any men's or women's basketball head coach at a four-year college or university in the United States. This includes any and all levels or divisions of the NCAA and NAIA. The only other coaches at a four-year school with 1,000 or more wins are Pat Summitt, Danny Miles, Mike Krzyzewski, Herb Magee, Tara VanDerveer, Geno Auriemma, and Sylvia Hatchell.
On March 7, 2012, Statham was named as one of the coaches on the NAIA 75th Anniversary All-Star Team.
Early years
Statham was born on May 29, 1937, in Brookport, Illinois. Their father, Harry Statham Sr., died of pneumonia and was buried on the day Statham was born. Statham was raised by their mother and their grandfather, Rufus Dye, who encouraged their grandson to get an education and to not smoke or drink.
Statham said of their mom, "[She] wanted me to get a college degree. I was raised so that reputation is so important, the family name, strength, honesty, trustworthiness, respectfulness, ambition."
Statham graduated with a bachelor's degree from McKendree College in 1960. They then enrolled at the University of Illinois, where they served as a graduate assistant for the men's basketball and track teams. They earned a Master of Science degree in physical education from Illinois.
Family life
Statham is married to Rose Statham; they have no children, and live in Belleville, Illinois.
Coaching career
Junior high
Statham began their coaching career while an undergraduate student at McKendree. They guided the boys' basketball team at O'Fallon Junior High School in Illinois while taking college courses at night.
High school
From O'Fallon, Statham moved on to coach the varsity boys' basketball team for two seasons at Manito Forman High School (Manito, Illinois). Their 1961-62 squad had a 9–16 record and their 1962-63 squad finished 10–13. Statham then moved on to Dwight Township High School (Dwight, Illinois) where they coached for three seasons from 1963 to 1966, posting a cumulative win–loss record of 24–45.
McKendree University
In their tenure at McKendree, a member of the American Midwest Conference (AMC), Statham has led the Bearcats to post-season play 40 times in 46 seasons. Statham has coached McKendree to all 15 of its NAIA national men's basketball championship tournament berths, including five straight appearances from 1999-2004. Since their first season in 1966-67, Statham's teams have averaged nearly 23 wins per season. Their teams have won 20 or more games 35 times. McKendree also ranks among the NAIA's top programs in terms of winning percentage over the past decade.
Statham has had 70 players receive post-season accolades. Ten of those players have earned NAIA All-America honors. Eric Hobbie, the most recent All-American, garnered first-team NAIA Division I All-America honors in 2009-10 after earning second-team recognition in 2008-09. Additionally, Statham has coached three players who were drafted in the professional ranks: Paul Funkhouser, a supplemental pick of the NBA's Chicago Bulls and the Carolina Cougars of the American Basketball Association; Dale Haverman, a fifth-round pick of the Seattle SuperSonics in 1977; and Matt Laur, a fourth round pick of the National Basketball Development League (D-League) draft by the Columbus Riverdragons. Many McKendree athletes who Statham has coached have gone on to successful coaching careers on both the high school and collegiate levels.
About their players, Statham said, "I always recruit the right kinds of players. We do not want thugs that play good basketball. We want them to be good, solid people. We don't want people that are going to flunk out. We want good people, good students and good basketball players—in that order."
Regarding their coaching philosophy, Statham said, "We do things consistently well. Our program is sound. We're very team-oriented, and we've tried to sell that from the very beginning. When you play hard and play together and do things fundamentally sound, you're going to be competitive. Our primary focus is to play hard, play well and try to do it as a team." Statham's on-court demeanor does not include yelling and ref-baiting Said Statham, "I don't like the [television] color commentators (saying) how you gotta work the referee and draw a T. We're trying to play the right way. They're out there saying you've got to bend the rules, step out there a little bit. They turn me off, I really don't enjoy that."
In addition to their coaching duties, from 1966 to May 2010, Statham served as the university's athletic director, and they are an assistant professor of health and human performance.
1987-88 team
This Bearcat squad opened the season with 22 straight victories en route to a school-record 35 wins and the University's first-ever NAIA Tournament berth. In the first round of the tournament, McKendree and its opponent Huron College (S.D.), scored a record 231 points, as the Bearcats triumphed 124–107. The combined point total set an NAIA Tournament record that stood until 2006.
1996-97 team
Statham led this team to a quarterfinal spot in the NAIA Tournament. The Bearcats defeated two higher-ranked opponents to reach the NAIA Elite Eight, the team's best-ever finish at the national tournament until the success of the 2002-03 team.
2002-03 team
McKendree compiled a 34–4 overall record. A 10–0 mark in the AMC marked the first time that the Bearcats went undefeated in the league. At the 2003 NAIA Division I men's basketball tournament, McKendree posted three victories to advance to the NAIA Final Four. The Bearcats lost to eventual national champions Concordia University (California) in the semi-finals. During the season, the Bearcats earned their first No. 1 ranking in the NAIA poll and entered the NAIA national tournament as the No. 2 seed, the highest seed ever for McKendree. The Bearcats also notched three winning streaks of at least 10 games during the season. Matt Laur was recognized as NAIA Player of the Year, the first McKendree athlete to earn the award in Division I. Laur also became the Bearcats' all-time leading scorer in 2002-03.
2006-07 team
McKendree used a late-season surge and runner-up finish in the American Midwest Conference Tournament to earn its first NAIA Division I National Championship bid in three years. Statham guided the Bearcats to an overall record of 23–12 and an 8–4 mark in AMC regular-season play. In the 2007 NAIA Division I men's basketball tournament, the Bearcats topped Mountain State (West Virginia) in the first round and lost and were eliminated in the second round by Faulkner University (Alabama).
2007-08 team
Statham entered the 2007-08 season with 938 coaching victories and as the all-time wins leader in men's college basketball history at the four-year level. He, Don Meyer, and Bob Knight were at the time the only men's basketball coaches at senior colleges or universities with 900 coaching wins.
This team finished the season with a 27–7 record. In the 2008 NAIA Division I men's basketball tournament, the Bearcats beat Texas Wesleyan University in the first round and were eliminated in the second round by Campbellsville University.
2008-09 team
At the end of the 2009 season, Statham had won 995 games at McKendree, the most by any men's four-year college coach. The Bearcats won the AMC with a perfect 14-0 record in conference play. The 2008-2009 Bearcats finished 30-6 on the season and made it to the Elite 8 in the 2009 NAIA Division I men's basketball tournament. They defeated Northwestern Oklahoma State University by a score of 83-58 in the first round, and defeated Texas Wesleyan University by a score of 87-75 in the second round. Then the Bearcats lost to MidAmerica Nazarene University in the Elite 8, by a score of 59-55.
Departure and Controversy
On Monday, March 5, 2018, after a 12-16 season, Statham was informed by the McKendree Athletic Director that the school was seeking either their retirement or resignation. The next day, the school announced that Statham's time as coach had ended. Soon after, Statham took to social media, posting ""The release that came out, from the school, implied I resigned or retired. That was not the case. I am getting phone calls and email from friends who thought I retired," and continued, "I said I did not want to retire and didn't want to retire. I said I wasn't a quitter, wanted to leave on a winning note or a winning season."
Milestones
On Nov. 15, 2002, Statham guided the Bearcats to an 88-87 victory against Mountain State, making them the NAIA's all-time leader in career victories with career win No. 817.
On Dec. 1, 2004, Statham led McKendree to an 83–72 victory over Maryville University, marking their 880th career win, pushing Statham past North Carolina head coach Dean Smith for the all-time wins record among college basketball coaches.
On Nov. 25, 2005, Statham reached the 900-win mark as the Bearcats defeated Freed-Hardeman University, 73–69.
On January 12, 2008, Statham reached the 950-win mark as the Bearcats defeated Williams Baptist College, 98–73.
On December 9, 2008, Statham won their 975th game, defeating Olivet Nazarene University 78-75 in overtime, and coached their 1,354th game, tying with former Mount St. Mary's coach Jim Phelan for the most games coached.
On December 16, 2008, Statham won their 976th game, defeating Concordia Seminary and coached their 1,355 game surpassing former Mt. St. Mary coach Jim Phelan for the most games coached.
On November 13, 2009, Statham collected their 1,000th win in McKendree's 79–49 win over East-West.
On January 28, 2016, Statham and the Bearcats posted a 92-85 triumph over the No. 21 Wisconsin-Parkside to collect win No. 1,098, which tied them with former University of Tennessee women's basketball coach Pat Summitt for the all-time wins record of any collegiate coach at the four-year level.
Honors
Statham has been named the NAIA-Illinois Basketball Coaches Association (IBCA) Men's Basketball Coach of the Year twelve times and in 1987 they were inducted into the IBCA-NAIA Hall of Fame. In 1998, Statham's career accomplishments and achievements were recognized with their induction into the NAIA Hall of Fame. Statham has received the American Midwest Conference Coach of the Year award eight different times, and they were a six-time recipient of the NAIA District 20 Coach of the Year.
They were selected as the 2001-02 NAIA Men's Basketball Coach of the Year.
In 2005, Statham was recognized at the National Association of Basketball Coaches (NABC) national convention in St. Louis with the Guardians of the Game Leadership Award, an honor bestowed by their peers. That same summer, the United States Sports Academy presented them with its Distinguished Service Award, awarded annually, "... to individuals who have made outstanding contributions to national or international sports through education, research or service."
In 2006, the Lebanon City Council honored Statham by renaming a roadway on the McKendree campus, Harry Statham Way. The University's gymnasium, the Harry M. Statham Sports Center (capacity 1500), is also named for him.
References
Notes
Cherner, Reid. "College Hoops' Biggest Winner". USA Today. 27 Dec. 2005. 11 July 2008. https://www.usatoday.com/sports/college/mensbasketball/2005-12-26-statham-record_x.htm
Cummings, Scott. "STATHAM BREAKS NAIA WIN RECORD AT 817 AS MEN'S BASKETBALL HOLDS OFF MOUNTAIN STATE, 88–87". Bearcat Sports Report. 15 Nov 2002. 12 July 2008. https://archive.today/20070503071306/http://original.mckendree.edu/sports/2002-2003/News_and_Reports/November_02/11_15_mbball_mountainst.htm
Cummings, Scott. "HARRY STATHAM BECOMES COLLEGE BASKETBALL'S ALL-TIME WINS LEADER AS McKENDREE DEFEATS MARYVILLE, 83–72". Bearcat Sports Report. 1 Dec 2004. 12 July 2008. http://original.mckendree.edu/sports/2004-05/04-05%20news/december_04/12_1_mbbmaryville.htm
Dodd, Dennis. "Unknown to most, NAIA coach Statham on cusp of major record". CBS Sportsline. 26 Nov 2004. 11 July 2008. https://archive.today/20130203133030/http://cbs.sportsline.com/collegebasketball/story/7930739/1
Ellsworth, Tim. "When character trumps talent". Baptist Press Sports. 2 Dec 2004. 12 July 2008. http://www.sbcbaptistpress.org/BPnews.asp?ID=19655
"Head Coach Harry Statham". McKendree University Athletics. 11 July 208. https://web.archive.org/web/20070927000045/http://athletics.mckendree.edu/roster.asp?playerid=549&sport=5
External links
McKendree profile
Illinois House Resolution 1291
1937 births
Living people
American men's basketball coaches
Basketball coaches from Illinois
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
High school basketball coaches in the United States
Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball coaches
McKendree Bearcats athletic directors
McKendree Bearcats men's basketball coaches
McKendree University alumni
People from Massac County, Illinois
Sportspeople from Belleville, Illinois
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign alumni
Félix Julien Jean Bigot de Préameneu (, 26 March 1747 - 31 July 1825) was one of the four legal authors of the Napoleonic Code written at the request of Napoleon at the beginning of the nineteenth century.
Biography
Bigot de Préameneu was a lawyer for the Parlement of Brittany, then to the Parlement of Paris before the revolution, and was also a member of the Legislative Assembly in 1791.
They professed moderate opinions and was among the defenders of Louis XVI, but they departed from parliamentary politics after the Commune, becoming a judge under the National Constituent Assembly and the Directory.
Under the Consulate, they were appointed government commissioner by the supreme court. In 1802, they were appointed as legislative president of the Council of State and was one of the four jurist authors of the Code Napoleon, led by Cambacérès and instigated by Napoleon I of France in 1800.
In 1803, they were elected to the Académie française. In 1808, they replaced Portalis as Minister of Public Worship. They were made a count of the empire on 24 April 1808, and became a peer of France during the Hundred Days.
They married Eulalie Marie Renée Barbier, daughter of Aimé Francois Barbier and Jeanne Dufour.
Bigot lost all their responsibilities at the beginning of the second Restoration. They died on 31 July 1825 in Paris and is buried in Père Lachaise Cemetery (14th division).
References
Biography of Félix Julien Jean Bigot de Préameneu on the Napoleon & Empire website (in English).
Félix-Julien-Jean Bigot de Préameneu (1747-1825) (in English)
1747 births
1825 deaths
Conseil d'État (France)
French jurists
People of the First French Empire
Members of the Académie Française
Members of the Chamber of Peers of the Hundred Days
French Ministers of Religious Affairs
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
18th-century jurists
19th-century jurists
The 2013 Central Oklahoma football team represented the University of Central Oklahoma during the 2013 NCAA Division II football season, and the 108th season of Broncho football. The Bronchos played their five home games at Wantland Stadium in Edmond, Oklahoma, which had been Central Oklahoma's home stadium since 1965. The 2013 team was coming off a 2-8 record in 2012. The 2013 team was headed by second year head coach Nick Bobeck. 2013 was the Bronchos 2nd as a member of the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association (MIAA).
Preseason outlook
The Central Oklahoma Bronchos began the season expected to finish near the bottom of the MIAA; 11th in the media poll and 10th in the coaches poll.
Media
Every Central Oklahoma game will be broadcast on KZLS AM 1640 and KNAH 99.7 F.M.
Schedule
Coaching staff
Central Oklahoma head coach Nick Bobeck is in their second year as the Bronchos' head coach for the 2013 season. During their previous year with Central Oklahoma, they led the Bronchos to a record of 2 wins and 8 losses (2–8).
Roster
Game summaries
Missouri Southern State
This was the second ever meeting of the Lions and Bronchos. The Lions began the game with a 14-0 lead with only five minutes left in the first quarter. Lions quarterback Jay McDowell was 10 for 11 for 232 yards and ran for an additional 121 yards and 2 TDs. Broncho running Back Joshua Birmingham ran for 169 yards and 4 TDs. But the Lions large lead to begin the game proved too much for UCO to overcome. The Bronchos fell in their season opener for the sixth year in a row.
Pittsburg State
Emporia State
Washburn
Missouri Western State
Northwest Missouri State
Central Missouri
Lincoln
Southwest Baptist
Northeastern State
Rankings
Statistics
Team
Scores by quarter
References
Central Oklahoma
Central Oklahoma Bronchos football seasons
Central Oklahoma Bronchos football
In complex analysis, a branch of mathematics, the residue at infinity is a residue of a holomorphic function on an annulus having an infinite external radius. The infinity is a point added to the local space in order to render it compact (in this case it is a one-point compactification). This space denoted is isomorphic to the Riemann sphere. One can use the residue at infinity to calculate some integrals.
Definition
Given a holomorphic function f on an annulus (centered at 0, with inner radius and infinite outer radius), the residue at infinity of the function f can be defined in terms of the usual residue as follows:
Thus, one can transfer the study of at infinity to the study of at the origin.
Note that , we have
Motivation
One might first guess that the definition of the residue of f(z) at infinity should just be the residue of f(1/z) at z=0. However, the reason that we consider instead -f(1/z)/z2 is that one does not take residues of functions, but of differential forms, i.e. the residue of f(z)dz at infinity is the residue of f(1/z)d(1/z)=-f(1/z)dz/z2 at z=0.
See also
Riemann sphere
Algebraic variety
Residue theorem
References
Murray R. Spiegel, Variables complexes, Schaum,
Henri Cartan, Théorie élémentaire des fonctions analytiques d'une ou plusieurs variables complexes, Hermann, 1961
Mark J. Ablowitz & Athanassios S. Fokas, Complex Variables: Introduction and Applications (Second Edition), 2003, , P211-212.
Complex analysis
Merrill-Stevens Drydock & Repair Co. was a shipbuilding and drydock company currently based in Miami, Florida. The company was incorporated in 1885 in Jacksonville, Florida by James Eugene Merrill, and was located along the St. Johns River. The Miami shipyard was sold to Turkish yachtsman Rahmi Koç in December 2013, and is now named "RMK Merrill-Stevens". The yacht brokerage company is now called "Merrill Stevens Yachts" According to the company, it was the largest Atlantic shipyard south of Norfolk, Virginia during World War II.
See also
Merrill House Museum
References
External links
http://Merrill-StevensYachts.com
American companies established in 1885
Companies based in Miami
Shipbuilding companies of Florida
George Washington Doane (May 27, 1799 – April 27, 1859) was an American churchman, educator, and the second bishop in the Episcopal Church for the Diocese of New Jersey.
Early life and career
Doane was born in Trenton, New Jersey. They graduated from Union College, Schenectady, New York, in 1818. They did additional studies in theology and, in 1821, was ordained deacon. In 1823 they were ordained as an Episcopal priest by Bishop Hobart, whom they assisted in Trinity Church, New York.
With George Upfold (1796–1872), Bishop of Indiana from 1849 to 1872, Doane founded St. Luke's in New York City. From 1824 to 1828 they were professor of belles-lettres in Washington, now Trinity College), Hartford, Connecticut. At this time, they were one of the editors of the Episcopal Watchman. They were assistant in 1828–1830 and rector in 1830–1832 of Trinity Church, Boston.
Bishop of New Jersey
Doane was called as second bishop of New Jersey, serving from October 1832 to their death in 1859 at Burlington, New Jersey.
The diocese of New Jersey was an unpromising field, but they took up their work there with characteristic vigour. In 1837 they founded St. Mary's Hall (now Doane Academy), to provide a classical education for girls. It was the first such boarding school for girls in the United States, in a period when numerous schools for girls were founded. The school was supported in part by a gift from their wife, Eliza Greene Callahan (married firstly James Perkins; second George Washington Doane).
In 1846 they founded Burlington College, a school for boys. These fulfilled their theory of education under church control. Because of national financial crises, their business management of these schools got the diocese heavily into debt. In the autumn of 1852, a charge of lax administration was made against them before a court of bishops, who dismissed it.
Doane was shown to be an able and wise disciplinarian of these schools. Their patriotic orations and sermons prove them a speaker of great power. They belonged to the High Church party and was a brilliant controversialist. They published Songs by the Way (1824), a volume of poems. They also wrote hymns, and their pieces beginning "Softly now the light of day" and "Thou art the Way" are well known.
They commissioned John Notman to build a chapel for St. Mary's Hall. The congregation of St. Mary's Church grew, and they commissioned architect Richard Upjohn to design a new St. Mary's Church, their episcopal seat, completed in 1856. Both buildings have been recognized as National Historic Landmarks.
Death and legacy
Doane died in 1859. They were buried in Saint Mary's Episcopal Churchyard in Burlington.
Among those whom Doane had ordained during their lifetime was Joseph Wolff, a Jewish Christian missionary.
Doane's biography and bibliography, Life and Writings of George Washington Doane (4 vols, New York, 1860–1861), was edited by their son, William Croswell Doane (1832–1913). They followed their father into the clergy and was called as the first Bishop of Albany. The fact that both Doane and their son became "bishops [was] a situation possibly not unique but certainly rare enough to be remarked upon."
Founded in 1837 and now known as Doane Academy, the private school they founded is coeducational, serving grades Pre-K through 12, and has a substantial endowment to ensure its future. It was the first academic, church run school for girls in the United States.
See also
Succession of Bishops of the Episcopal Church in the United States
References
Sources
The Episcopal Church Annual. Morehouse Publishing: New York (2005).
Bishops of the Diocese of New Jersey
Doane, George Washington, Bishop of New Jersey, The apostolical commission the missionary charter of the church. The Sermon [on Matt. xxviii. 18–20] at the ordination of Joseph Wolff in ... Newark, Sept. 26, 1837.
External links
Doane's works online
A feature on George Hobart Doane, a son of George Washington Doane who converted to Catholicism
1799 births
1859 deaths
People from Trenton, New Jersey
Union College (New York) alumni
19th-century Anglican bishops in the United States
Episcopal bishops of New Jersey
The Kilusiktogmiut were a Copper Inuit subgroup. They lived on Victoria Island, east of the Nagyuktogmiut who were known to inhabit the area northeast of Lady Franklin Point. They also lived on the mainland along the Coronation Gulf, particularly at the mouth of the Mackenzie River. They spent at least some time on the Banks Peninsula by Bathurst Inlet.
References
External links
1916 photo of a Kilusiktogmiut man wearing bone sun goggles
Copper Inuit
Inuvialuit groups
This article shows the previous rosters of BKS Visła Bydgoszcz volleyball team at PlusLiga in Poland.
2019/2020
The following is the BKS Visła Bydgoszcz roster in the 2019–20 PlusLiga.
1 Piotr Lipiński left the team on 27 January 2020 and joined Aluron Virtu CMC Zawiercie.
2 Michal Masný joined the team on 27 January 2020 and replaced Piotr Lipiński.
3 Tonček Štern and Tomasz Kalembka left the team on 30 January 2020. Michał Filip and Dawid Siwczyk joined the club on the same day.
2018/2019
The following is the Chemik Bydgoszcz roster in the 2018–19 PlusLiga.
2017/2018
The following is the Łuczniczka Bydgoszcz roster in the 2017–18 PlusLiga.
2016/2017
The following is the Łuczniczka Bydgoszcz roster in the 2016–17 PlusLiga.
1 After an injury at the beginning of the season, the club and Ferens terminated contract by mutual agreement on 2 January 2017.
2015/2016
The following is the Łuczniczka Bydgoszcz roster in the 2015–16 PlusLiga.
2014/2015
The following is the Transfer Bydgoszcz roster in the 2014–15 PlusLiga.
2013/2014
The following is the Transfer Bydgoszcz roster in the 2013–14 PlusLiga.
References
PlusLiga squads
The Columbus Blue Jackets are a professional ice hockey team based in Columbus, Ohio, United States. They are members of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League (NHL). The Blue Jackets began play in 2000 as an expansion franchise. As of May 2011, 173 players have appeared in at least one game with the Blue Jackets: 15 goaltenders and 158 skaters (forwards and defensemen).
Five players have served as the Blue Jackets' captain. Each NHL team may select a captain, who has the "sole privilege of discussing with the referee any questions relating to interpretation of rules which may arise during the progress of a game". Captains are required to wear the letter "C" on their uniform for identification, which is in height. Lyle Odelein was named the team's first captain in the inaugural season of 2000–01. Rick Nash, the second-most recent captain, is the team's franchise goal scoring leader. The captaincy is currently held by Boone Jenner.
Key
Appeared in a Blue Jackets game during the 2021–22 season.
Hockey Hall of Fame
The seasons column lists the first year of the season of the player's first game and the last year of the season of the player's last game. For example, a player who played one game in the 2000–01 season would be listed as playing with the team from 2000–01, regardless of what calendar year the game occurred within.
Statistics are complete to the end of the 2021–22 NHL season.
Goaltenders
Skaters
Notes
References
Columbus Blue Jackets all-time roster on the Internet Hockey Database
Columbus Blue Jackets all-time roster at legendsofhockey.net
Columbus Blue Jackets stats leaders at the Columbus Blue Jackets Official Site
Columbus Blue Jackets players
players
Food Federation Germany (German: Lebensmittelverband Deutschland) is the leading association of the German food sector, representing the food value chain in Germany from farm to fork, i.e., from agriculture, food manufacturing, food craft and food retail to gastronomy. The association operates offices in Berlin, Germany, as well as Brussels, Belgium.
Membership
The association's membership includes some 70 associations, 250 companies – ranging from mid-sized firms to international corporations –, as well as 150 organizational and individual members.
The association itself is a member of the European food industry body FoodDrinkEurope as well as of European Movement Germany.
History
Food Federation Germany was founded on March 10, 1955 in Nuremberg, Germany, under the name Federation for Food Law and Food Science (German: Bund für Lebensmittelrecht und Lebensmittelkunde, abbreviated BLL) as a re-establishment of the Federation of German Food Manufacturers and Traders (German: Bund Deutscher Nahrungsmittel-Fabrikanten und -Händler) that had been active from 1901 to 1945. In May 2019, the association's general meeting voted for changing the association's name to Food Federation Germany (German: Lebensmittelverband Deutschland).<ref>Food Federation Germany (9 May 2019): Philipp Hengstenberg is president of new "Food Federation Germany"</ref> The name change came into force in July 2019, followed by a rebranding process that was awarded a Rebranding 100: merit at the 2020 Rebrand 100 Global Awards''.
References
External links
Food Federation Germany's English website
Food industry trade groups
Food- and drink-related organizations
1955 establishments in Germany
"Lost on You" is a song recorded by American recording artist LP (Laura Pergolizzi). It was released on November 20, 2015, as the second single from their third EP, Death Valley and the fourth studio album of the same name (2016). The song experienced commercial success, mostly in Central and Eastern Europe and Western Asia, and topped the charts of thirteen countries.
The single was certified quadruple Platinum by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry for sales exceeding 200,000 units. In late 2018, "Lost on You" received a release as a single in Mexico to much success. It was among the most-played songs on Contemporary Pop radio in the country, particularly popular in Mexico City.
Background
Being about a failed relationship in their life, LP wrote the song after realizing that their girlfriend was not going to be their partner anymore. "I felt like my lover was drifting away – slowly leaving the building – and there was nothing that I could do," they stated. "It's a breakup song, but it happened almost a year before we broke up, and it was kind of like, 'Hey, do you see what's happening? Is it lost on you that this is going to die?' And then it did." The song was misconstrued, according to LP, although they did not mind it. "People would make it that it was romantic, like, I'm lost on you...Like it's about being lost being in love with you, and that's not really what 'Lost On You' is about. That's the beauty of songs."
Composition
Lasting 4 minutes and 26 seconds, the midtempo song is described as having "a really laid-back vibe, no beats and no rapping...just some strange wailing which sounds like an animal in its death throws, alone somewhere on the bleak tundra, with only the darkness of winter for company." Forbes called the song "an anthem, a juggernaut..." Toronto Star described it as a "post-breakup arena-folk anthem" and The Brag Media described it as a "southern-infused, ukulele-blues, whistling cry from a broken heart".
The song is written in the key of F minor, with a shuffle rhythm, and has a tempo of 86 beats per minute. LP plays ukulele during the course of the song, in addition to their intermittent whistles.
Reception
Forbes praised the song as being "a cry from a broken heart watching the fading embers of a dying love... It is a break-up song that has resonated with millions of people all over the world...It is resigned and hopeful, fragile and strong; the intimate lyrics and stadium-sized chorus capture the emotional rollercoaster of a heartbreak." Rachael Scarsbrook from Renowned For Sound said the song "is reserved yet nuanced enough to strike a real connection between artist and listener." Michelle Blakey from The Lesbian Review describes 'Lost on You' as "a deeply emotional song chronicling the demise of a relationship...It climbs steadily toward a chorus in which their voice erupts into an injured rage...It is a gut-wrenching song that anyone who has ever felt betrayed by a loved one can relate to."
Success
Although the song was released in November 2015, with the singer already playing the song to various record companies, it did not initially achieve any chart success. In May 2016, however, the song managed to jump to number one in the Greek charts. The song held this top position for 18 weeks, making it the most successful song of the year in Greece. Billboard said the reason for their success was that many vacationers heard their music on the beach and the song was then able to spread across Greece over the summer months. At the end of June 2016, the song also reached the French and Italian charts. In France, the title also reached the top position. In Italy, the song peaked in the top 5 and stayed in the top 10 of the singles chart for over three months. The song was also the fourth most Shazamed song in the world. Regarding its success in Greece, Panagiotis Loulourgas, head of international and A&R manager at the Greek record label Cobalt Music, said it was due to "the feeling of the track, it's everything. It touches you". In Russia the "Lost on You" Swanky Tunes & Going Deeper Remix was No. 12 on the iTunes sales chart.
After the song became a huge hit in Europe, LP stated "...I was already fuckin' 30 to 40 songs away in my writing. I get these interviews that are very kind and in awe of the whole thing and they'll be, like, 'You must have known it was a huge hit when you wrote it.' And I didn't know shit. I was on Warner Brothers, they got new people in who didn't like me, who didn't sign me, who didn't care, and they basically said 'Hey, come in and play us your new shit, so we can decide if we want to keep you on the label." LP says that although they still have the scars of the breakup, they are very proud of the song's success.
Music video
In the music video, LP alternates with a red-haired woman. The woman is photo model Laura Hanson Sims. LP knows them privately, but has no close relationship with them LP often looks yearnful in the music video and drinks to get over the grief, thus representing their own character. At the end of the music video, LP's girlfriend Lauren Ruth Ward can be seen kissing them passionately in the final seconds of the video. Also featured in the video is LP's band member, bassist Brian Stanley.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
See also
List of Airplay 100 number ones of the 2010s
References
2015 songs
2015 singles
SNEP Top Singles number-one singles
Number-one singles in the Commonwealth of Independent States
Number-one singles in Greece
Number-one singles in Israel
Number-one singles in Poland
Number-one singles in Romania
Songs written by Nate Campany
Songs written by Mike Del Rio
Songs written by LP (singer)
Songs about heartache
Torch songs
LP (singer) songs
Seredskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Moseyevskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 141 as of 2002.
Geography
Seredskaya is located 67 km northwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Pelevikha is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Tomas Ledin released their first LP in 1972, which they recorded when they were just 19 years old. Since then, they have become one of the most successful Swedish singer/songwriters of the 1970s, 1980s, 1990s and 2000s. They have released numerous albums and has had many hit singles, charting in the Swedish Singles Chart as well as the important Swedish radio charts Svensktoppen and Trackslistan.
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Extended plays
Singles and charted songs
The following list includes the singles which were released by Tomas Ledin as well as other songs that managed to reach one of the two most important radio charts in Sweden, Svensktoppen and Trackslistan. It is important to note that not all of the listed titles were released as physical singles. If a song only appears on one of the radio charts and did not show up on the sales chart, it is a good indication that it wasn't available as a physical single, other than promo-releases.
In order to show how popular an artist like Tomas Ledin was and is in Sweden, the inclusion of the most important radio charts is necessary. As Stefan Heiding, author of several charts books, put it: "only these lists show how popular an artist or a song really was".
The following charts are included:
Sverigetopplistan: the official Swedish singles chart, based on sales
Svensktoppen: popular and important Swedish radio chart, based on votes. It has existed ever since 1962, with a short break between 1982 and 1985. Svensktoppen is compiled as a top 10 and has strict rules as to the inclusion of a song (like having to be sung in Swedish, which has changed recently).
Trackslistan: Swedish radio chart, from 1984 until 2010. It was compiled as a top 20, and international acts were also included.
Heta högen (HH): predecessor of Trackslistan and successor of Tio i Topp; it ran from 1974 until 1984 in the radio show Poporama and included songs voted in by the listeners. The songs were not presented in list-form, which means that no positions were available, just the number of weeks a song stayed on the chart. Depending on the year, each week's Heta högen featured a minimum of four to a maximum of 12 songs.
Digilistan: Swedish radio show, which publishes a chart with the same name, featuring a top 60 of the most sold song titles in digital formats. The chart was first published in January 2007.
entry in Tio i Topp, predecessor of Trackslistan
References
Discographies of Swedish artists
Trafikkalfabetet () is a sans-serif typeface family for road signs and license plates for cars (until 2002) in Norway. Developed in 1965 by Karl Petter Sandbæk, it was digitised in 2006 by Jacob Øvergaard.
Gallery
References
See also
Public signage typefaces
Government typefaces
Sans-serif typefaces
Chartiers Run may refer to:
Chartiers Run (Allegheny River tributary)
Chartiers Run (Chartiers Creek tributary)
See also
Chartiers (disambiguation)
The Theological Building at A.M.E. Zion Theological Institute was a historic African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church school building on East Conecuh Street in Greenville, Alabama. This later became part of Lomax-Hannon Junior College. The building was built in 1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The Theological Building was demolished in 2014.
History
Bishop John Wesley Alstork had been an active member of the local African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church (A.M.E. Zion Church), and they founded the A.M.E. Zion Theological Institute in 1898, which contained the Theological Building that was built in 1911. The former A.M.E. Zion Theological Institute campus is now the campus of Lomax-Hannon Junior College.
References
Methodist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1911
Churches in Butler County, Alabama
Greenville, Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Butler County, Alabama
1911 establishments in Alabama
Pandrangi is a village in Padmanabham mandal in the Visakhapatnam district of Andhra Pradesh, Freedom fighter Alluri Sitarama Raju was born in this village.
Geography
Pandrangi is located at . It has an average elevation of 23 meters (78 feet).
References
Villages in Visakhapatnam district
Suresh Luthra (27 November 1944 – 12 February 2019) was an Indian first-class cricketer. They played most of their career for Delhi.
Luthra scored 1014 runs in 76 innings in first-class cricket and made one century. Their left-arm fast bowling was more successful, with 262 wickets in 67 matches. Their best innings figures were 9 for 70 against Services in the Ranji Trophy in 1976-77. They averaged 16.92 and amassed 14 five-wicket hauls and two ten-wicket hauls. They played some limited overs cricket before retiring in 1981.
References
External links
Suresh Luthra Cricinfo Profile
1944 births
2019 deaths
Indian cricketers
Delhi cricketers
Punjab, India cricketers
North Zone cricketers
Northern Punjab cricketers
Meera () is a 1979 Hindi language film by Gulzar. The film is based on the life of Meera, a Hindu saint-poet who renounced princely comforts in pursuit of their love for Lord Krishna. The film portrays the life and times of Meera from a historical perspective rather than a mythological one. The soundtrack by Pt. Ravi Shankar features the award-winning playback singer Vani Jairam.
The film did not perform well at the Indian box office, although it received critical acclaim.
Plot
The story is set around 1480, in the time of King Akbar. Biramdev (Dr Shreeram Lagoo) is the king of Medta, a province in Rajasthan. They have two daughters, Meera (Hema Malini) and Krishna (Vidya Sinha) and a son, Jaimal (Dinesh Thakur). Meera is in deep emotional love with Lord Krishna, so much so that they consider Lord Krishna to be their husband. Akbar (Amjad Khan) is becoming stronger day by day and hence other small provinces are trying to join against him. Medta, in one such political agreement, decides to join hands with Raja Vikramajit (Shammi Kapoor). As a part of this agreement Meera is married (against their wish) to Vikramajit's son, Rana Bhojraj (Vinod Khanna). But even after getting married their love for Lord Krishna remains the same and they follow their own ideals and way of living which are not very acceptable to Bhojraj and their family. One thing leads to another and one day Meera is declared as an outcast and traitor who failed to play a wife's duties towards their husband, a bride's duties towards their family, and a woman's duties towards society.  They are jailed and a public trial is ordered to decide their fate. But Meera is still unshakable and their spirituality keeps them going.  They are not even afraid of death. Finally they are given a death sentence and is ordered to drink a cup of venom in front of the public. The love between Meera devi and Lord Krishna is so unshakeable that even the venom does not affect them They walk out of the royal court after drinking the venom singing Lord Krishna's praises. The entire town follows her, completely absorbed in their kirtan (devotional song). They enter the Krishna temple and becomes one with Lord Krishna.
Cast
Hema Malini as Meera Rathod
Vinod Khanna as Rana Bhojraj Sesodia
Dr. Shreeram Lagoo as Raja Biramdev Rathod
Shammi Kapoor as Raja Vikramjeet Singh Sesodia
Om Shivpuri as Kul Guru (Head Priest)
Dina Pathak as Mrs. Biramdev Rathod a.k.a. 'Kunwarbai'
Vidya Sinha as Krishna Rathod
Amjad Khan as Badshah Akbar
Bharat Bhushan as Tansen
A.K. Hangal as Saint Raidas
Sudha Chopra as Uda Sesodia
Dinesh Thakur as Jaimal Rathod
T P Jain as Poojary (priest)
Production
Film's costume designer Bhanu Athaiya used changing hues of Meera saris to show their spiritual evolution rather dissolving into Krishna. Starting with vibrant colours as a princess, they leave the palace in orange (bhagwa), gradually shifting to yellow, fawn and finally to much paler beige colour.
Soundtrack
Awards and nominations
1980 Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer - Won - Vani Jairam for "Mere To Giridhar Gopal"
Earlier Versions
In 1945, a film named Meera was made in Tamil, with M. S. Subbulakshmi in the role of Meera, and music by S V Venkataraman. After the film's huge success it was dubbed in Hindi and released in 1947, with music composed jointly by 3 composers.
References
Chatterjee, Saibal (2007) - Echoes and Eloquences, The Life and Cinema of Gulzar, Rupa & Co. .
Gulzar (1979) - Meera: Katha, Montage, Anusandhan aur Patkatha : Gulzar, Radhakrishan Prakashan.
External links
1979 films
1970s Hindi-language films
Films set in the 1580s
Films about Hinduism
Films set in Rajasthan
Films set in the Mughal Empire
Indian biographical films
Films scored by Ravi Shankar
Films with screenplays by Gulzar
Films directed by Gulzar
Cultural depictions of Akbar
Cultural depictions of Tansen
Films set in the Rajput Empire
Krishna in popular culture
Indian epic films
Indian historical films
1970s biographical films
Cultural depictions of Indian monarchs
Geoffrey "Geoff" Oakes (born 20 May 1938) is an English former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s and 1960s. They played at club level for Wakefield Trinity (Heritage No. 644) (two spells) and Warrington (Heritage No. 650) as a , i.e. number 9, during the era of contested scrums.
Background
Geoff Oakes was born in Belle Vue, Wakefield, West Riding of Yorkshire, England, they worked at Walton Colliery .
Playing career
Championship Final appearances
Geoff Oakes played in Wakefield Trinity's 3–27 defeat by Wigan in the Championship Final during the 1959–60 season at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 21 May 1960, and played in the 5–14 defeat by Huddersfield in the Championship Final during the 1961–62 season at Headingley Stadium at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 19 May 1962.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Geoff Oakes played in Wakefield Trinity's 38–5 victory over Hull F.C. in the 1959–60 Challenge Cup Final during the 1959–60 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 14 May 1960, and played in the 12–6 victory over Huddersfield in the 1961–62 Challenge Cup Final during the 1961–62 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 12 May 1962.
County Cup Final appearances
Geoff Oakes played in Wakefield Trinity's 16–10 victory over Huddersfield in the 1960–61 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1960–61 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 29 October 1960, and played in Warrington's 16–5 victory over Rochdale Hornets in the 1965–66 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1965–66 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens on Friday 29 October 1965.
Club career
Geoffrey Oakes, Reg Parker and Harold Poynton made their début for Wakefield Trinity in the 17–12 victory over St. Helens at Belle Vue, Wakefield on Saturday 1 February 1958, they made their début for Warrington on Saturday 21 November 1964, and played their last game for Warrington on Wednesday 28 September 1966.
Biography
Played soccer – goalkeeper at Thornes House Grammar School. Started playing rugby at 16.
In 1955 played two matches for Yorkshire Amateurs U-18 against Lancashire and Cumberland whilst with Trinity Juniors and signed for Wakefield Trinity in 1956 and remained with Trinity until 1964. Geoff made their first team appearance in 1958 against St Helens together with Harold Poynton and Reg Parker. Played in two winning Wembley finals, two championship finals and one Yorkshire Cup. Chosen as "shadow " for Great Britain.
Signed for Warrington in 1964 and whilst there won a Lancashire Cup winners medal. In 1967 returned to Wakefield and retired in 1968 after breaking a leg against St Helens, missing "water splash" final, having played in all previous rounds.
Geoff's other sporting interest is golf, and they are a former member, and past captain City of Wakefield Golf Club. Served on Leeds and District Golf Union executive committee. Played in many pro-ams around the world, winning 25 events including Monaco, Trinidad and Tobago, Acapulco and Biarritz. Professionals played alongside included Mike Slater (pro at Warringon), Hedley Muscroft, Ronan Rafferty, Paul Carrigill, Bill Ferguson and local professional Adrian Ambler. Best handicap 4.
Also became interested in Horse Riding and took part in one day hunter trials, winning at Heath, Wakefield and hunted several times with Rockwood and Badsworth hunts.
When owning the Quarry Inn, Horbury they improved their cooking skills and continues to do so in retirement!
Family
Geoff has two adult children, and two grandchildren.
References
External links
Search for "Oakes" at rugbyleagueproject.org
Rugby League Cup Final 1960
Wakefield Win Cup 1962
Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
1938 births
Living people
English rugby league players
Rugby league players from Wakefield
Rugby league hookers
Wakefield Trinity players
Warrington Wolves players
Leopoldo Martínez (born 12 June 1943) is a Mexican former sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1943 births
Living people
Mexican male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Mexico
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Tlalpujahua
Pan American Games medalists in shooting
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Mexico
Shooters at the 1967 Pan American Games
20th-century Mexican people
The Banate of Belgrade (, ) was a frontier province (banate) of the medieval Kingdom of Hungary, centered in Belgrade (modern Serbia). During the second half of the 15th century, and up to 1521, it had a significant role in the anti-Ottoman defensive system of the Kingdom of Hungary.
History
Prior to 1427, Belgrade had been the capital of the Serbian Despotate. After Serbian despot Stefan Lazarević died in the summer of 1427, their successor Đurađ Branković was forced to transfer Belgrade to the Kingdom of Hungary and to move their capital to Smederevo.
At first, Hungarian kings created the Captaincy of Belgrade, headed by a military commander (captain) in charge of the frontier region (lat. capitaneus belgradensis, or capitaneus nandoralbensis). In 1440, Belgrade was besieged by Ottomans, but the city was successfully defended.
In 1456, the Ottoman army tried to conquer Belgrade for the second time, but failed again.
After the annexation of the Serbian Despotate by the Ottomans in 1459, further Ottoman expansion was directed towards Captaincy of Belgrade and neighboring Banate of Mačva.
By the end of the 15th century, captains of Belgrade were replaced by bans (lat. banus belgradensis, or banus nandoralbensis), and thus the Banate of Belgrade was created. Ban of Belgrade also had a deputy, titled viceban of Belgrade. Finally, in 1521, the Ottoman army conquered Belgrade, which also marked the end of the Banate of Belgrade, and the region was subsequently incorporated into the Ottoman Sanjak of Smederevo.
Among more notable captains and bans of Belgrade were: Matko Talovac, Jovan Talovac, Michael Szilágyi, Peter Dóczy, Lawrence of Ilok.
See also
History of Belgrade
History of Serbia
Banate of Mačva
References
Sources
External links
About the Banate of Belgrade (in Hungarian)
Banate of Belgrade in 1490 - map
Banates of the Kingdom of Hungary
15th century in Serbia
16th century in Serbia
Serbian Despotate
History of Belgrade
Šumadija
John Thomson FRGS (14 June 1837 – 29 September 1921) was a pioneering Scottish photographer, geographer, and traveller. They were one of the first photographers to travel to the Far East, documenting the people, landscapes and artefacts of eastern cultures. Upon returning home, their work among the street people of London cemented their reputation, and is regarded as a classic instance of social documentary which laid the foundations for photojournalism. They went on to become a portrait photographer of High Society in Mayfair, gaining the Royal Warrant in 1881.
Early life
The son of William Thomson, a tobacco spinner and retail trader, and their wife Isabella Newlands, Thomson was born the eighth of nine children in Edinburgh in the year of Queen Victoria's accession. From 1841 the family lived at 6 Brighton Street in Edinburgh's South Side (now marked by a plaque).
After their schooling in the early 1850s, they were apprenticed to a local optical and scientific instrument manufacturer, thought to be James Mackay Bryson. During this time, Thomson learned the principles of photography and completed their apprenticeship around 1858.
During this time they also undertook two years of evening classes at the Watt Institution and School of Arts (formerly the Edinburgh School of Arts, later to become Heriot-Watt University). They received the "Attestation of Proficiency" in natural philosophy in 1857, and in junior mathematics and chemistry in 1858. In 1861, they became a member of the Royal Scottish Society of Arts, but by 1862 they had decided to travel to Singapore to join their older brother William, a watchmaker and photographer.
Early travels
In April 1862, Thomson left Edinburgh for Singapore, beginning a ten-year period spent travelling around the Far East. Initially, they established a joint business with William to manufacture marine chronometers and optical and nautical instruments. They also established a photographic studio in Singapore, taking portraits of European merchants, and they developed an interest in local peoples and places. They travelled extensively throughout the mainland territories of Malaya and the island of Sumatra, exploring the villages and photographing the native peoples and their activities.
After visiting Ceylon and India from October to November 1864 to document the destruction caused by a recent cyclone, Thomson sold their Singapore studio and moved to Siam. After arrival in Bangkok in September 1865, Thomson undertook a series of photographs of the King of Siam and other senior members of the royal court and government.
Inspired by Henri Mouhot's account of the rediscovery of the ancient cities of Angkor in the Cambodian jungle, Thomson embarked on what would become the first of their major photographic expeditions. They set off in January 1866 with their translator H. G. Kennedy, a British Consular official in Bangkok, who saved Thomson's life when they contracted jungle fever en route. The pair spent two weeks at Angkor, where Thomson extensively documented the vast site, producing some of the earliest photographs of what is today a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Thomson then moved on to Phnom Penh and took photographs of the King of Cambodia and other members of the Cambodian Royal Family, before travelling on to Saigon. From there they stayed in Bangkok briefly, before returning to Britain in May or June in 1866. While back home, Thomson lectured extensively to the British Association and published their photographs of Siam and Cambodia. They became a member of the Royal Ethnological Society of London and was elected a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society in 1866, and published their first book, The Antiquities of Cambodia, in early 1867.
Travels in China and Taiwan
After a year in Britain, Thomson again felt the desire to return to the Far East. They returned to Singapore in July 1867, before moving to Saigon for three months and finally settling in Hong Kong in 1868. They established a studio in the Commercial Bank building, and spent the next four years photographing the people of China and recording the diversity of Chinese culture.
Thomson traveled extensively throughout China, from the southern trading ports of Hong Kong and Canton to the cities of Peking and Shanghai, to the Great Wall in the north, and deep into central China. From 1870 to 1871 they visited the Fukien region, travelling up the Min River by boat with the American Protestant missionary Reverend Justus Doolittle, and then visited Amoy and Swatow.
They went on to visit the island of Formosa (modern-day Taiwan) with the missionary Dr. James Laidlaw Maxwell, landing first in Takao in early April 1871. The pair visited the capital, Taiwanfu (now Tainan), before travelling on to the aboriginal villages on the west plains of the island. After leaving Formosa, Thomson spent the next three months travelling 3,000 miles up the Yangtze River, reaching Hupeh and Szechuan.
Thomson's travels in China were often perilous, as they visited remote, almost unpopulated regions far inland. Most of the people they encountered had never seen a Westerner or camera before. Their expeditions were also especially challenging because they had to transport their bulky wooden camera, many large, fragile glass plates, and potentially explosive chemicals. They photographed in a wide variety of conditions and often had to improvise because chemicals were difficult to acquire. Their subject matter varied enormously: from humble beggars and street people to Mandarins, Princes and senior government officials; from remote monasteries to Imperial Palaces; from simple rural villages to magnificent landscapes.
Later life
Thomson returned to England in 1872, settling in Brixton, London, and, apart from a final photographic journey to Cyprus in 1878, Thomson never left again. Over the coming years they proceeded to lecture and publish, presenting the results of their travels in the Far East. Their publications started initially in monthly magazines, followed by a series of large, lavishly illustrated photographic books. They wrote extensively on photography, contributing many articles to photographic journals such as the British Journal of Photography. They also translated and edited Gaston Tissandier's 1876 History and Handbook of Photography, which became a standard reference work.
In London, Thomson renewed their acquaintance with Adolphe Smith, a radical journalist whom they had met at the Royal Geographical Society in 1866. Together they collaborated in producing the monthly magazine, Street Life in London, from 1876 to 1877. The project documented in photographs and text the lives of the street people of London, establishing social documentary photography as an early type of photojournalism. The series of photographs was later published in book form in 1878.
They were elected a member of the Photographic Society, later the Royal Photographic Society, on 11 November 1879. With their reputation as an important photographer well established, Thomson opened a portrait studio in Buckingham Palace Road in 1879, later moving it to Mayfair. In 1881 they were appointed photographer to the British Royal Family by Queen Victoria, and their later work concentrated on studio portraiture of the rich and famous of High Society, giving them a comfortable living. From January 1886 they began instructing explorers at the Royal Geographical Society in the use of photography to document their travels.
After retiring from their commercial studio in 1910, Thomson spent most of their time back in Edinburgh, although they continued to write papers for the Royal Geographical Society on the uses of photography. They died of a heart attack in 1921 at the age of 84.
Legacy
Thomson was an accomplished photographer in many areas, including landscapes, portraiture, street photography, and architectural photography, and their legacy is one of outstanding quality and breadth of coverage. Their photography from the Far East enlightened the Victorian audience of Britain about the land, people, and cultures of China and South-East Asia. Their pioneering work documenting the social conditions of the street people of London established them as one of the pioneers of photojournalism, and their publishing activities mark them out as an innovator in combining photography with the printed word.
In recognition of their work, one of the peaks of Mount Kenya was named "Point Thomson" on their death in 1921. That same year, Henry Wellcome acquired a collection of glass negatives, totalling over 600, that were owned by Thomson. Today they are in the collection of the Wellcome Library. Some of Thomson's work may be seen at the Royal Geographical Society's headquarters in London. Other museums with Thomson's work in their collections include the Museum of Modern Art, the Victoria and Albert Museum, the National Portrait Gallery, the University of Michigan Museum of Art, the National Science and Media Museum, and the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum.
Through the Lens of John Thomson: China and Siam, a selection of Thomson's photographs from the Wellcome Library, London, is currently touring internationally.
Controversy
In 2001 Phiphat Phongraphiphon, a Thai independent researcher in historical photography, published claims that Thomson took works by Thai court photographer Khun Sunthornsathitsalak (Christian name: Francis Chit) and published them as their own. Evidence to Phiphat's claims include an analysis of a photograph in which the temple Wat Ratchapradit, which was built before Thomson arrived in Bangkok, is missing.
Selected works
The Antiquities of Cambodia (1867)
Views on the North River (1870)
Foochow and the River Min (1873)
Illustrations of China and Its People, Four Volumes (1873–1874)
The Straits of Malacca, Indo-China, and China (1875)
Street Life in London (1878)
Through Cyprus with a Camera in the Autumn of 1878 (1879)
Through China with a Camera (1898)
Selected photographs
See also
Wilhelm J. Burger
Notes
References
External links
The photographs of John Thomson at National Library of Scotland
Photographs at The Victoria & Albert Museum
Biography and photographs from the Wellcome Library
Photographs from an exhibition, 10 Chancery Lane Gallery
Street Life in London photographs and downloadable version of the book available through the LSE Digital Library
1837 births
1921 deaths
Alumni of Heriot-Watt University
British photojournalists
Fellows of the Ethnological Society of London
Photographers from Edinburgh
Photography in Cambodia
Photography in China
Photography in Thailand
Pioneers of photography
Scottish photographers
Social documentary photographers
Photography in the Dutch East Indies
Diedougou may refer to:
Diédougou, Dioïla, a commune of the Dioïla Cercle in the Koulikoro Region of Mali
Diédougou, Kati, a commune of the Kati Cercle in the Koulikoro Region of Mali
Diédougou, Sikasso, a commune of the Koutiala Cercle in the Sikasso Region of Mali
Diédougou, Ségou, a commune of the Ségou Cercle in the Ségou Region of Mali
Francois Habitegeko is the governor of the Western Province of Rwanda.
Career
Habitegeko governed the country's Northern Province beginning in February 2011, but left that post after being appointed as Governor of Western Province on 15 March 2021. Habitegeko has credited themselves for vastly increasing the quality of life in Northern Province, bringing the percentage of households with electricity from 0.8% in 2011 to 90% at the end of their career.
They supported Rwanda during the 2022 Democratic Republic of the Congo–Rwanda tensions. They support the disarmament of the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda, or FDLR.
References
External links
Rwandan politicians
Rwandan men
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Western Province, Rwanda
Northern Province, Rwanda
Isabelle Buret (née Urbin) is a French engineer specializing in telecommunications and astronautics. They were named a Knight in the National Order of the Legion of Honor in 2012.
Life and work
Isabelle Buret graduated from Télécom ParisTech in a space telecom program that was offered at the time. The curriculum allowed them to pursue the combined passions for space science and telecommunications.
Following graduation in 1990, they spent two years in Japan as a visiting researcher at the Japanese satellite telecommunications laboratory of Nippon Telegraph and Telephone. At the time, they were the first female researcher to be hosted in NTT's Japanese satellite telecommunications laboratory.
When they returned to France in 1993, they joined Thales Alenia Space (then called Alcatel Espace) where they were responsible for the systems engineering program for the Globalstar project, one of the first two satellite telecom systems circling Earth in low orbit. In 1996, they worked there as an embedded digital design engineer. In 1999, they joined Thales Alenia Space, where they were responsible for research on telecommunications and navigation systems. In 2010, they were responsible for research and development and Telecommunications and Product Policy Manager. In 2013 they were appointed Head of Design for Iridium Next, the second generation of the Iridium telecommunications satellite constellation.
in 2017, Buret was named Technical Authority for the company's telecom business line and began working on a proposal for a new product, the Lightspeed system from Telesat, which required another constellation of satellites. As the proposal team's Chief Engineer, they were responsible for guaranteeing that the technical solution perfectly met its requirements in terms of performance, cost and scheduling.
Buret has been involved in the development of several public-private research collaborations and they represented Thales Alenia Space on the board of directors of the associative laboratory TéSA (Laboratory of Spatial and Aeronautical Telecommunications).
Distinctions
In 2012, they were named to the rank of Knight in the National Order of the Legion of Honor as “engineer, head of research and development for a space group; 22 years of service."
In 2012, they received the Irène Joliot-Curie Prize in the “Woman in Business and Technology” category.
In 2013, the daily newspaper La Tribune gave them one of its “Women's Awards” in the Industry category.
Selected publications
Buret has authored more than 40 publications and 5 patents.
Morlet, C., Boucheret, M. L., & Buret, I. (1998, November). Carrier recovery scheme for on-board demodulation suited to low E/sub b//N/sub 0. In IEEE GLOBECOM 1998 (Cat. NO. 98CH36250) (Vol. 6, pp. 3432-3436). IEEE.
Buret, I., Sond, M., Sotom, M., & Gayrard, J. D. (2006). Advanced payload architectures for future telecommunication satellites. Revista de telecomunicaciones de Alcatel, (2), 121-124.
Boucheret, M. L., Buret, I., Coulon, M., & Dervin, M. (2008). Utilisation de techniques d'étalement sélectif pour mission d'urgence (Doctoral dissertation, Institut National Polytechnique de Toulouse).
Morlet, C., Buret, I., & Boucheret, M. L. (2000, June). A carrier phase estimator for multimedia satellite payloads suited to RSC coding schemes. In 2000 IEEE International Conference on Communications. ICC 2000. Global Convergence Through Communications. Conference Record (Vol. 1, pp. 455-459). IEEE.
Corbel, E., Buret, I., Gayrard, J. D., Corazza, G. E., & Bolea-Alamanac, A. (2008, August). Hybrid satellite & terrestrial mobile network for 4G: Candidate architecture and space segment dimensioning. In 2008 4th Advanced Satellite Mobile Systems (pp. 162-166). IEEE.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Date of birth missing (living people)
21st-century French women
21st-century French scientists
21st-century French women scientists
French telecommunications engineers
French engineers
French women engineers
Recipients of the Legion of Honour
Arkutça is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Dereköy is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Isopsestis meyi is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Gyula M. László, Gábor Ronkay, László Aladár Ronkay and Thomas Joseph Witt in 2007. It is found in Vietnam.
References
Moths described in 2007
Thyatirinae
To Rouse of Rouse Lench Baronetcy was created in the Baronetage of England on 23 July 1641 for Thomas Rouse of Rouse Lench Court, Rous Lench, Worcestershire.
On the death of the 4th Baronet in 1721 the Baronetcy was extinct. Their estates passed to firstly to their full sister who died unmarried, then to Thomas Phillips a descendant of a half sister and later to a distant cousin Charles William Boughton, who in 1791 was created a Baronet ( see Boughton baronets).
They sold the Worcestershire estates in 1876.
Rouse baronets, of Rouse Lench (1641)
Sir Thomas Rouse, 1st Baronet (1608–1676)
Sir Edward Rouse, 2nd Baronet (died 1677)
Sir Francis Rouse, 3rd Baronet (died 1687)
Sir Thomas Rouse, 4th Baronet (1664–1721)
References
A History of the County of Worcester, Volume 3 (1913) from British History Online
Debrett's Extinct Baronetcies of England (1844) p 454
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of England
1641 establishments in England
Brane is a hamlet southwest of Sancreed in west Cornwall, England, UK. It is in the civil parish of Sancreed. It is noted for the Carn Euny Iron Age site which lies to the north. Other prehistoric sites nearby include the Iron-Age hill fort of Caer Bran, and chambered tomb known as Brane Barrow.
References
Hamlets in Cornwall
Penwith
Heston is a suburb of London, England.
Heston may also refer to:
Heston (name), a list of people with the surname or given name
Heston Aerodrome, a London airfield closed after the Second World War
Heston Community School, London, a secondary school
Heston Aircraft Company Ltd, manufacturer and modifier of aircraft (1934–1948)
Heston Rovers F.C., a Scottish football club
Heston Airlines, a Lithuanian charter airline company
See also
Heston model, a stochastic volatility model used in mathematical finance
Hesston (disambiguation)
Hestan Island, Scotland
1961 Bogoroditsk Il-18 incident is an air incident in the USSR that happened on Thursday June 22, 1961 near the town of Bogoroditsk, Tula Oblast, involving Il-18B aircraft of the Aeroflot company. The incident caused no deaths.
Il-18B bearing number 75672 (factory 189000901 and serial 009-01) was constructed by the factory of MMZ "Banner Of Labor" in 1959 and was handed over to General Directorate of Civil Air Fleet, which on April 19 transferred it to Vnukovo Air Squadron of the Moscow Department of Transport Aviation of the Civil Air Fleet. The passenger capacity of the airliner was of 80 seats. On April 24 it made its first flight from Moscow Domodedovo to Alma-Ata.
The plane was on a flight from Moscow to Sochi. It was driven by crew consisting of the commander B. E. Gratsianov, 2nd pilot Y. N. Belkin, sturman B. A. Andreev, flight mechanic G. D. Postribailo, radio operator G. Y. Margulis. The pilots had little experience in piloting Il-18: Gratsianov was making their 2nd flight as commander, Belkin was making their 1st flight after re-training. The flight attendantesses were V. E. Zhuravleva, N. V, Pokhitonova and V. Y. Smirnova. 89 passengers were on board. After taking off Vnukovo Airport the plane ascended to 6100 meters.
Flying over Tula oblast, a fire alarm went off for the engine #3. The crew activated the fire extinguishing system, but it didn't work. At the time, flight instructions contained no descriptions of this kind of situation. The nearest airfield was a military Efremov-3 (9 km south-east from Efremov town), that was reachable in several minutes. But the crew decided they were too short of time, so they started trying to make a forced landing on fields below them using emergency descent. Before starting, they radioed: "Landing on field. Plane on fire. End of link", and the link was broken.
While on fire, Il-18 leveled with the ground, the crew turned off 3 remaining engines. With gear up, the plane belly landed atop of an oat field in Bogoroditskiy rayon of Tula oblast, slipped 300 meters and stopped. The fire was extinguished quickly, nobody of the 97 people onboard died. The cause of the fire was destruction of the generator which debris damaged the oil pipeline. The oil spilled and caused fire. The fire extinguishing system didn't activate because electric terminals of its circuit scheme were mixed up.
For the inventiveness and courage, all of the crew members were awarded in Moscow Kremlin: the commander Boris Evgenievich Gratsianov — Order of the Red Banner of Labour; 2nd pilot Yuri Nikolaevich Belkin — Order of Red Star; sturman Boris Anatolievich Andreev — Order of Red Star; flight mechanic Georgiy Dmitrievich Postribailo — Order of Red Star; radio operator Grigoriy Yakovlevich Margulis — Order of the Badge of Honor; flight attendantesses Valentina Efimovna Zhuravleva, Nataliya Vasilyevna Pokhitonova and Valentina Yurievna Smirnova — Medal "For Distinguished Labour". The damaged plane was repaired and transferred as a model to Riga Civil Aviation Engineers Institute.
See also
List of accidents and incidents involving the Ilyushin Il-18
Aeroflot accidents and incidents in the 1960s
Sources
https://aviation-safety.net/database/record.php?id=19610622-0
http://russianplanes.net/reginfo/34173
http://www.airdisaster.ru/database.php?id=219
Aeroflot
Accidents and incidents involving the Ilyushin Il-18
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by engine failure
Airliner accidents and incidents involving belly landings
Bike for Three! is a "cross-continental collaboration" between Canadian alternative hip hop artist Buck 65 (born Rich Terfry) and Belgian producer Greetings from Tuskan (born Joëlle Phuong Minh Lê).
History
Their debut album, More Heart Than Brains, was released on Anticon in 2009.
While Buck 65 and Greetings from Tuskan have ongoing solo efforts, they say the band "should not be thought of as a side-project," and the album "NOT a one-off affair." Though the two have never met in person, they have been making music since 2007 after meeting through MySpace, and the album has been "finished" since June 2008. The album marks the first time that a Buck 65 album features completely electronic production.
Their second album, So Much Forever, was released on Fake Four Inc. on February 11, 2014.
Discography
More Heart Than Brains (Anticon, 2009)
So Much Forever (Fake Four Inc., 2014)
References
External links
Bike for Three! on Myspace
Canadian electronic music groups
Musical groups from Halifax, Nova Scotia
Musical groups established in 2007
Anticon artists
Hip hop duos
2007 establishments in Nova Scotia
Marc Edward Wilmore (May 4, 1963 – January 30, 2021) was an American television writer, producer, actor, and comedian. They wrote and performed for shows such as In Living Color, The PJs, The Simpsons, and F Is for Family. Wilmore was a 10-time Primetime Emmy Award nominee. They were the younger brother of comedian Larry Wilmore.
Life and career
Marc Edward Wilmore was born on May 4, 1963, to parents Betty and Larry in Fontana, California. They had five siblings, one of whom, older brother Larry, is a television comic. They were a graduate of California State Polytechnic University, Pomona.
In the early 1990s, Wilmore got a job as a writer on the sketch comedy series In Living Color. They were promoted to cast member during the show's final season. Wilmore's impersonations included Isabel Sanford, Nell Carter, Carroll O'Connor, Robert Guillaume, Maya Angelou and James Earl Jones, and various sketches which re-imagined various television series such as All in the Family and The Mary Tyler Moore Show if they starred African-Americans. They received a nomination for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Variety Series for their work on the show. After In Living Color, Wilmore wrote for The Tonight Show Starring Jay Leno and The PJs, a stop-motion adult sitcom co-created by their older brother Larry, where they also provided the voice of crooked police officer Walter Burkett.
While working on The PJs, Wilmore participated in a prank organized by staff members of The Simpsons, where they pretended they were the mayor of East St. Louis, Illinois and angrily accosted writer Matt Selman over a joke that denigrated the city in the episode "They Saved Lisa's Brain". As compensation for their involvement with the joke, Wilmore was given a role in the season 11 episode "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad Marge", in which they played a psychologist. Wilmore joined The Simpsonss writing staff in the show's thirteenth season, and received their first credit for the segment "Send in the Clones" in "Treehouse of Horror XIII". They won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program as a producer for the episode "Eternal Moonshine of the Simpson Mind" at the 60th Primetime Emmy Awards in 2008. In the 2010s, Wilmore worked as a writer and executive producer on F Is for Family, an animated sitcom co-created by Michael Price, who had worked with them on The PJs and The Simpsons. Wilmore also provided several voices in the series.
Death
Wilmore died at a hospital in Pomona, California, on January 30, 2021. They were 57. According to their brother Larry, they died "while battling COVID and other conditions that have had them in pain for many years" amid the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. In The New York Times, Larry Wilmore related that their younger brother had long suffered health issues relating to a kidney transplant they had undergone in the 1990s.
Credits
References
External links
1963 births
2021 deaths
African-American screenwriters
American television writers
American male television writers
African-American male actors
American impressionists (entertainers)
African-American male comedians
People from Fontana, California
Emmy Award winners
21st-century American male actors
American male voice actors
American male television actors
21st-century American comedians
21st-century American screenwriters
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in California
21st-century American male writers
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American men
The Nehalem Highway No. 102 (see Oregon highways and routes) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Oregon that passes through the Nehalem River valley. It runs from U.S. Route 101 (US 101) in Astoria southeast to Oregon Route 8 (OR 8) in Forest Grove. Between Astoria and the Mist–Clatskanie Highway No. 110 in Mist, it is signed as Oregon Route 202 while the rest is signed as OR 47. A piece of the highway in Astoria, north of the Warrenton–Astoria Highway No. 105, is also US 101 Business.
Route description
The western terminus of the Nehalem Highway No. 102 is a roundabout with US 101 in Astoria. Here, US 101 Business and OR 202 travel along the eastern shore of Youngs Bay, where US 101 Business splits away to the south, and the Youngs River. Soon after, it enters the valley of the Nehalem River, and continues southeast towards the community of Jewell. Leaving Jewell, it then continues east-northeast to the town of Mist, where OR 202 ends. The Nehalem Highway continues southeast from there, as OR 47.
Though in the mountainous Northern Oregon Coast Range, the Nehalem Highway itself is a winding road, as it follows the banks of the Nehalem River from Jewell while passing through Vernonia and Pittsburg. Near Buxton, the highway meets US 26, which carries the Sunset Highway No. 47. The two highways run concurrently for about . The Nehalem Highway and OR 47 split away from US 26 and the Sunset Highway and travels through the town of Banks. It ends at an intersection with OR 8, the Tualatin Valley Highway No. 29.
History
In the early part of the 20th century, it followed the Nehalem River all the way to Timber, crossing the divide of the Northern Oregon Coast Range there and then going down Gales Creek to Forest Grove, instead of going down Dairy Creek as it has since about 1940.
Major intersections
References
External links
Named state highways in Oregon
Transportation in Washington County, Oregon
U.S. Route 101
The 2010 Regions Morgan Keegan Championships and the Cellular South Cup was an ATP World Tour and WTA Tour event held at the hardcourts of the Racquet Club of Memphis in Memphis, Tennessee, US. It was the 35th edition of the Regions Morgan Keegan Championships and the 25th edition of the Cellular South Cup. The Regions Morgan Keegan Championships was part of the ATP World Tour 500 series on the 2010 ATP World Tour, and the Cellular South Cup was an International-level tournament on the 2010 WTA Tour. The ATP event took place from February 13 to February 21, 2010, and the WTA event from February 12 to February 20.
The men's draw was led by 2009 Wimbledon finalist, 2010 Brisbane International champion and defending champion Andy Roddick, Fernando Verdasco, 2010 Heineken Open champion John Isner, and 2010 Brisbane International runner-up Radek Štěpánek. Other players are Tommy Haas, Philipp Kohlschreiber, and James Blake
The women's draw was headed by former world no. 1 Maria Sharapova, 2009 US Open quarterfinalist Melanie Oudin, homenation player Vania King, Kaia Kanepi, Czechs Lucie Hradecká and Petra Kvitová
WTA entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of February 8, 2010.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
Bethanie Mattek-Sands
Ajla Tomljanović
Nicole Vaidišová
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Sofia Arvidsson
Madison Brengle
Alexa Glatch
Valérie Tétreault
ATP entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of February 8, 2010.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
Robby Ginepri
Wayne Odesnik
Bobby Reynolds
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Kevin Anderson
Ryan Harrison
Robert Kendrick
Ryan Sweeting
Finals
Men's singles
Sam Querrey defeated John Isner, 6–7(3–7), 7–6(7–5), 6–3
It was Querrey's first title of the year and 3rd of their career.
Women's singles
Maria Sharapova defeated Sofia Arvidsson, 6–2, 6–1
It was Sharapova's first title of the year and 21st of their career.
Men's doubles
John Isner / Sam Querrey defeated Ross Hutchins / Jordan Kerr, 6–4, 6–4
Women's doubles
Vania King / Michaëlla Krajicek defeated Bethanie Mattek-Sands / Meghann Shaughnessy, 7–5, 6–2
External links
Official site
Men's Singles draw
Men's Doubles draw
Women's Combined draws
Regions Morgan Keegan Championships
Cellular South Cup
Regions Morgan Keegan Championships and the Cellular South Cupl
Regions Morgan Keegan Championships and the Cellular South Cup
Regions Morgan Keegan Championships and the Cellular South Cup
cs:Regions Morgan Keegan Championships 2010
fr:Tournoi de Memphis 2010 (ATP)
fr:Tournoi de Memphis 2010 (WTA)
Anselm Salomon von Rothschild, baron (29 January 1803 – 27 July 1874) was an Austrian banker, founder of the Creditanstalt, and a member of the Vienna branch of the Rothschild family.
Family
They were born in the Imperial City of Frankfurt, the son of Freiherr Salomon Mayer von Rothschild (1774–1855), ancestor of the family's Austrian branch, and their wife Caroline Stern (1782–1854). They had a younger sister Betty (1805–1874), who married their French uncle James Mayer de Rothschild.
According to the testament left by progenitor Mayer Amschel Rothschild, the children of the Rothschild family were obliged to enter into matrimony with their first and second cousins. Anselm Salomon did so in 1826 by marrying Charlotte Nathan Rothschild (1807–1859), daughter of their uncle Nathan Mayer Rothschild (1777–1836) from the British branch of the family; together they had eight children:
Mayer Anselm Leon (1827–1828)
Caroline Julie Anselm (1830–1907), "Julie", married Adolph Carl von Rothschild (1823–1900), son of Carl Mayer von Rothschild at Naples, lived at Rothschild Castle in Pregny-Chambésy near Geneva
Mathilde Hannah von Rothschild (1832–1924), married Freiherr Wilhelm Carl von Rothschild (1828–1901), banker at Frankfurt
Sarah Luisa (1834–1924), married Baron Raimondo Franchetti (1829–1905), lived at Palazzo Cavalli-Franchetti in Venice
Nathaniel Anselm (1836–1905), maecenas at Vienna
Ferdinand James (1839–1898), moved to the United Kingdom, had Waddesdon Manor built from 1874
Albert Salomon (1844–1911), took over the running of the family's Viennese bank
Alice Charlotte (1847–1922), lived at Eythrope, UK, near their brother Ferdinand, from whom they inherited Waddeson Manor, and later moved to Grasse, France.
Life
In 1820 Anselm Salomon's father Salomon Mayer had established a bank company at Vienna, financing the building of the Austrian Emperor Ferdinand Northern Railway in the 1830s. They had been a confidant of Chancellor Prince Klemens von Metternich and also a discreet lender of the Bohemian and Hungarian nobility. Upon their death in 1855, their son and heir Anselm created the k.k. privilegierte Österreichische Credit-Anstalt für Handel und Gewerbe, which evolved to the largest bank of the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy.
Anselm themselves gradually retired from the banking business in the 1860s and participated in the Austrian Southern Railway company. They rejected the Austro-Prussian War of 1866 and refused to accommodate any side with money. As a philanthropist, they founded the Vienna Rothschild Hospital in 1869. They were also a prominent art collector, honorary citizen, and an appointed member of the Austrian House of Lords from 1861. They died in Vienna.
They began the art collection that their son Ferdinand bequeathed in 1898 to the British Museum as the Waddesdon Bequest, collecting mostly metalwork, especially of the Northern Renaissance. The Holy Thorn Reliquary was one of their purchases. Their collection was catalogued and partly photographed by the art historian Franz Schestag in 1866 and 1872.
References
Sources
The Rothschilds; a Family Portrait by Frederic Morton. Atheneum Publishers (1962) (1998 reprint)
The Rothschilds, a Family of Fortune by Virginia Cowles. Alfred A. Knopf (1973)
Rothschild: The Wealth and Power of a Dynasty by Derek Wilson. Scribner, London (1988)
House of Rothschild : Money's Prophets: 1798-1848 by Niall Ferguson. Viking Press (1998)
The House of Rothschild (vol. 2) : The World's Banker: 1849-1999 by Niall Ferguson. Diane Publishing Co. (1999)
Thornton, Dora (2015), A Rothschild Renaissance: The Waddesdon Bequest, 2015, British Museum Press,
External links
The Rothschild Archive - an international center in London for research into the history of the Rothschild family.
1803 births
1874 deaths
19th-century Austrian businesspeople
Austrian bankers
Philanthropists from Vienna
Jewish philanthropists
Austrian Jews
Anselm
Austrian art collectors
Legend is the twenty-eighth major release and the eighth soundtrack album by the German band Tangerine Dream. It was released in 1986 for the North American theatrical version of the film Legend. It was released in the USA and Canada only. The film was written by William Hjortsberg, starred Tom Cruise, Mia Sara and Tim Curry, was produced by Arnon Milchan, directed by Ridley Scott and released domestically by Universal Studios. The album was released on compact disc on 15 August 1995 through Varese Sarabande.
Background
After a disappointing test screening with Jerry Goldsmith's original orchestral score, Scott decided to make changes to the film. Sidney Sheinberg, president of MCA (the parent company of Universal at the time), felt that the Goldsmith score would not appeal to the youth and pressed Scott for a new score. Tangerine Dream was contracted to complete a new, more contemporary score—-a job they completed in three weeks. Until 2002, only European audiences could see Legend with Goldsmith's score.
Versions
Several bootleg versions of the album exist, and vary in cover artwork to track listing as well as song length and titles. Many of the bootleg editions feature around twice as many songs as the original soundtrack, including those that were omitted from the original, such as the opening "Prologue".
Tangerine Dream score
"Loved by the Sun" is a vocal version of "Unicorn Theme" with lyrics written and sung by Jon Anderson of Yes. The vocals were added after Tangerine Dream had composed the instrumental music. It was originally recorded with vocals by Susanne Pawlitzki based on William Blake's poem "The Angel," but was rejected in favor of the Jon Anderson version. "Unicorn Theme" has been played live at several concerts in various versions. "Is Your Love Strong Enough?"—the song played over the end credits—has lyrics written and sung by Bryan Ferry with guitar by David Gilmour (of Pink Floyd fame), bass by Guy Pratt, and sax by Iain Ballamy. It is a former outtake of the recording sessions for Avalon, the eighth and last Roxy Music album. All of the other tracks are Tangerine Dream instrumentals. "Is Your Love Strong Enough?" was also released as a 12" single which included an extended version of the same song as well as an instrumental; neither of these last two versions were included on the Avalon album.
Prologue
Tangerine Dream had recorded another piece that did not appear on the official soundtrack, but did appear in the film. It has only been found in bootlegs, in MP3 form at some P2P sites, and also on some streaming services, particularly Rdio. Within both mediums, the song was given either the title "Prologue" or "Once Long Ago". This music can be heard in the intro to the American film release and is also heard in one of the early scenes between Jack and Lilly. It is recognized for its distinct and memorable flute melody. Additionally, some of this melody can be heard at the end of the song, "Loved by the Sun," as it fades out. It can be theorized that the band originally intended that outro to be the "epilogue," reprising the opening melody as a means of continuity - to end the story in the place where it began.
The reason for its exclusion from the official soundtrack album is unknown.
The song is included on Amazon Music's "Legend: Music From The Motion Picture," composed by Tangerine Dream and arranged by Brandon K. Verrett. The album includes 20 songs and has a run time of 1 hour and 13 minutes, published Jun 09, 2015.
DVD isolated score
Legend: Ultimate Edition was released on DVD in May 2002. One of the DVD options is to play the U.S. version with an isolated Tangerine Dream score. There is no music other than what had already been released on LP and CD, nor is there any dialogue or sound effects. Thus, the DVD plays with long silences in between the music.
Reception
Daevid Jehnzen of AllMusic gave the album 4.5 out of 5 stars, praising the "atmospheric, electronic soundscapes" of the album. However, Jehnzen thought that the soundtrack "doesn't quite match the splendor of their earlier work" and criticized the pop songs by Bryan Ferry and Jon Anderson. Keyboard praised the album for its use of darker tracks, opining that they "have more balls than just about anything T. Dream has ever done before", but criticized the album for its overuse of the Shakuhachi sample from the Emulator II keyboard. In another review of the soundtrack on Keyboard, Freff called it the "audio equivalent of computer clip-art" due to the overuse of the samples, especially the "Shepard tone preset" and the Shakuhachi sample. The soundtrack reached #92 on the Canadian album charts.
Track listing
The track order, for the most part, follows the order of appearance in the film, with the exception of two of the songs:
"Loved by the Sun," is heard during the film's final scene, and "Is Your Love Strong Enough?" is heard during the film's ending credits.
References
External links
Tangerine Dream
Jerry Goldsmith
1986 soundtrack albums
Fantasy film soundtracks
Tangerine Dream soundtracks
MCA Records soundtracks
Alternative versions of soundtracks
Adventure film soundtracks
Patrick "Paddy" Gray (born 4 December 1872) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a centre-half.
References
1872 births
People from Partick
Scottish footballers
Association football defenders
Yoker Athletic F.C. players
Partick Thistle F.C. players
Liverpool F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Fulham F.C. players
Leyton F.C. players
Burton United F.C. players
Parkgate & Rawmarsh United F.C. players
English Football League players
Year of death missing
Severino Montano (January 3, 1915 – December 12, 1980) was a playwright, director, actor and theater organizer with an output of one novel, 150 poems and 50 plays in their 65-year lifetime. Through the foundation of the Arena Theater, Montano institutionalized “legitimate theater” in the Philippines. Considered one of the Titans of Philippine Theater, they also have lifetime achievement award as part of National Artist of the Philippines.
Life and career
Montano was born in Laoag, Ilocos Norte. Academically, they started their tutelage under a British mentor, Marie Leslie Prising, when they were thirteen. They studied at the University of the Philippines. They took Montano under their wing and endowed them with Western literature, the theater and Shakespeare. They were part of the UP Stage when they studied in the University of the Philippines. Then a scholarship took them to the famous "English 47" or "Workshop 47" playwriting workshops of George Pierce Baker at Yale University and guided by Broadway names and international personalities like Komissarjevsky of the famous Moscow Art Theater. They were conferred a Master of Fine Arts degree in playwriting and production by Yale University.
In 1946, they went to London to become a student of economist Harold Laski of the London School of Economics. Not long after, they were offered a teaching job at the American University in Washington, D.C. There, they finished their M.A. in Economic and Ph.D. in management and public administration, at the same time leading a playwriting-drama program as professor, playwright and play director. In 1950, 1952, 1962 and 1963, The Rockefeller Foundation extended them a world travel grant to visit cultural and art centers in 98 cities in Europe, the Middle East, South Asia, India, China and Japan.
When they returned to the Philippines, they already had 16 major plays to their credit. As Dean of Instruction of the Philippine Normal College, Montano organized the Arena Theater “to bring drama to the masses”. They used their own money, about a thousand pesos, to start the Arena Theater, a theater-in-the-round. Due to the PNC being unable to fund the theater, Montano volunteered their services “to plan for a self-financing national drama program that would serve the grass-roots, the barrios of the Philippines”.
In 1953, the theater opened with three one-act plays and broke all records of all performances in Philippine theater history. The roving troupe took theater to near and far-flung barrios in 47 provinces across the country. Four of their plays became tour staples: the full-length The Love of Leonor Rivera and three one-act plays, Parting at Calamba, The Ladies and the Senador and Sabina. The Arena Theater also began a graduate program for the training of playwrights, directors, technicians, actors and designers. The program was also extended to include a four-year undergraduate curriculum.
They trained and directed a new generation of dramatist including Rolando S. Tinio and Behn Cervantes. The Arena Theater Playwriting Contest also led to the discovery of Wilfrido Nolledo, Jesus T. Peralta and Estrella Alfon.
Their awards include the Kalinangan Award from the city of Manila (1968), the Presidential Award for Merit in Drama and Theater (1961), the Citizen's Committee for Mass Media Award (1967 and 1968), the Pamulinawen Award (1981), and the National Artist Award (2001). The last two awards were given posthumously.
Their published works include The Love of Leonor Rivera (poetic tragedy in two-parts), My Morning Star (poetic historical tragedy in three-parts), But Not My Sons Any Longer (poetic tragedy in two-parts), Gabriela Silang (poetic historical tragedy in three-parts), The Merry Wives of Manila (comedy of manners in three-parts), Sabina (tragedy), The Ladies and the Senador (satirical comedy) and Parting at Calamba (historical drama).
They died on December 12, 1980, at the age of 65.
Aims of the Arena Theater
"What we want to do at the Arena Theater is not to become professionals overnight, but to develop a professional approach, and grow into professionalism with time, experience and hard work as our legitimate passport towards that goal. In the meanwhile, we want to develop technicians and train playwrights, actors, directors, costume designers, lighting technicians and business-minded artists who will know how to get into production profitably.
At the Arena we also realize the importance that drama plays in personal adjustments. We understand the psychological value of role playing, and the tremendous influence dramatic art may have in developing the character of the individual and their relationship to a social group. We aim to reach other areas of the country through our student teachers who comes from all over the Philippines to work with us."
See also
Jose Y. Dalisay Jr.
Wilfrido Ma. Guerrero
Rene Villanueva
Sumalee Montano
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20070928051754/http://www.ncca.gov.ph/about_cultarts/cultprofile/natarts/theater/montano.php
https://web.archive.org/web/20080116151805/http://www.ncca.gov.ph/about_cultarts/articles.php?artcl_Id=279
http://www.asianjournal.com/?c=53&a=9990&sid=528116fed9897b859a13a02e083227eb
1915 births
1980 deaths
People from Laoag
Ilocano people
Filipino dramatists and playwrights
National Artists of the Philippines
Yale University alumni
Alumni of the London School of Economics
20th-century dramatists and playwrights
University of the Philippines alumni
Filipino male stage actors
American University alumni
Wayne Arthurs and Paul Hanley were the defending champions, but lost in the first round this year.
Jonas Björkman and Todd Woodbridge won in the final 6–3, 6–4, against Wayne Black and Kevin Ullyett.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
External links
Draw
2004 BNP Paribas Masters
2004 ATP Tour
Obie Graves is a former Citrus College and Cal State Fullerton football player, who played two seasons in the Canadian Football League.
Football career
While at Monrovia High School, they played for the football time in the halfback position from 1972 until 1974.
Graves went on to Citrus College, where they played from 1975 to 1976. While there, they earned and still holds the records for: Most Carries In A Season: (235), for the 1975 season; Most Rushing Yards In A Season (1228), for the 1976 season; Most All Purpose Yards In A Season (1445), for the 1976 season; Most Points In A Season: (108) for the 1976 season, Most Touchdowns In A Season: (18) for the 1976 season, Most Points In A Career: (138), for their career there spanning 1975-1976; and Most Touchdowns In A Career: (23) for 1975-1976.
Graves transferred to Cal State Fullerton in 1977 and played for their football team as a running back. In 1978, they ran a total of 219 yards in their game against San Jose State.
Graves played in the Canadian Football League after they graduated from college, playing two seasons as a running back for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, in 1980 and 1982 and one season for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in 1981. They hold the Tiger-Cat record for most carries in a game, with thirty-three carries.
References
http://citruscollege.com/projects/73/2007/2007_Football_Media_Guide.pdf
http://www.ticats.ca/page/all-time-roster-g
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Cal State Fullerton Titans football players
Canadian football running backs
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Citrus Owls football players
American football running backs
Pimaco Two is a census-designated place (CDP) located in Pima County, Arizona, United States. The population was 682 at the 2010 census.
Geography
Pimaco Two is located at (31.966574, −110.466286). According to the United States Geological Survey, the CDP has a total area of , all land.
Demographics
As of the 2010 census, there were 682 people living in the CDP: 339 male and 343 female. 163 were 19 years old or younger, 67 were ages 20–34, 137 were between the ages of 35 and 49, 179 were between 50 and 64, and the remaining 136 were aged 65 and above. The median age was 47.6 years.
The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.6% White, 1.8% American Indian, 1.0% Asian, 0.4% Black or African American, 6.3% Other, and 0.9% two or more races. 13.9% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 280 households in the CDP, 212 family households (75.7%) and 68 non-family households (24.3%), with an average household size of 2.44. Of the family households, 167 were married couples living together, while there were 19 single fathers and 26 single mothers; the non-family households included 61 adults living alone: 29 male and 32 female.
The CDP contained 313 housing units, of which 280 were occupied and 33 were vacant.
As of July 2016, the average home value in Pimaco Two was $357,799. The average household income was $64,268, with a per capita income of $25,318.
References
Populated places in Pima County, Arizona
Census-designated places in Pima County, Arizona
Lin Hsi-shan (; born 17 March 1962) is a Taiwanese politician. They were the Secretary-General of Legislative Yuan from 1 March 1999 until 31 January 2016.
Early life
Lin was born in Changhua County on 17 March 1962. They attended Chinese Culture University, where they earned a master's degree in architectural and urban planning.
Early career
Lin was elected as legislator for three consecutive terms in 1990-1999 during 1st to 3rd legislatures. During the term, they had been the convener for the Foreign Affairs and National Defense Committee, Economic Affairs Committee and Judiciary and Organic Laws and Statutes Committee; the member of Procedure Committee; the chairperson of the Judiciary and Economics Coordination Committees at the Legislative Yuan of Kuomintang (KMT); the senior deputy clerk of KMT (caucus) at Legislative Yuan; and deputy chief of KMT Coordination Committee at Legislative Yuan.
Secretary General
Lin was arrested in January 2016, as the Taipei Prosecutors Office suspected that the Legislative Yuan was favoring a certain computer company in negotiation for supply contracts. The contracts won by Far Net Technologies totaled NT$200 million, in return for over NT$10 million in kickbacks paid out to Lin. They were indicted on charges of corruption in May. The Taipei District Court ruled a year later that Lin was to serve sixteen years in prison. Upon appeal, the Taiwan High Court reduced Lin's sentence to fifteen years. Lin filed another appeal to the Supreme Court, which remanded the case to the High Court. The High Court found them guilty of ten offenses in a decision announced on 18 July 2019, and Lin reported to the Taipei District Prosecutors Office's Enforcement Section on 19 July 2019 to serve a 36-year sentence.
Personal life
Lin is married to Liu Hsin-wei.
References
Chinese Culture University alumni
Living people
1962 births
Members of the 1st Legislative Yuan in Taiwan
Members of the 2nd Legislative Yuan
Members of the 3rd Legislative Yuan
Kuomintang Members of the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan
Changhua County Members of the Legislative Yuan
Taiwanese politicians convicted of corruption
Pundalik () or Pundarik is a central figure in the legends of the Hindu God Vithoba, generally considered a Vaishnava deity identified with the deities Vishnu and Krishna.  They are credited to have brought Vithoba to Pandharpur, where Vithoba's central shrine stands today. Pundalik is also perceived to be the historical founder of the Varkari sect, which is centered on the worship of Lord Vithoba.
Pundalik was one of the earliest Kundalini Yoga practitioners. As They were the master of Kundalini Yoga, people used to call them "Kundalik".
Later, after several years, Kundalik become Pundalik. They symbolised Kundalini energy in the form of Lord Vitthal also known as Lord Pandurang after their name Pundalik.
Pandharpur's Vitthal was an incarnation of Lord Vishnu or Lord Krishna. According to legends it also depicts the symbol of the Kundalini Energy, although spiritually, the same energy dwells in all.
The brick on which Lord Vitthal is standing is the basic chakra of Kundalini energy known as Muladhara Chakra. Both hands, like bows, represent Ida and Pingla nadis which cross over at the central body of Sushumna or Brahma nadi. Body represents purusha means Vishnu or Krishna and the tilaka or the mark on the head represents Ajna Chakra or guru chakra or third-eye chakra is the subtle center of energy, believed to be located between the eyebrows, located behind it along the subtle (non-physical) spinal column, as said by Lord Krishna in Bhagavad Gita.
Many Kings and other noblemen were devotees of Pundalik and they built the famous Vitthal temple at Pandharpur. The age old practice of the Kundalini Yoga converted the shrine into a holy place and truth seekers from all over the world were directed here by the divine to activate and raise their Kundalini energy by the very natural process of Bhakti, the highest form of Love anyone can express.
Historicity
Pundalik is commonly perceived to be a historical figure, connected with the establishment and propagation of the Vithoba-centric Varkari sect. Ramakrishna Gopal Bhandarkar considers Pundalik to be the founder of the Varkari sect and the one who promulgated the sect in Maratha country. Frazer, Edwards and P.R. Bhandarkar (1922) all suggest that Pundalik tried to unify Shiva and Vishnu, and that this culture originated in Karnataka. Ranade (1933) thinks that Pundalik, a Kannada saint, was not only the founder of the Varkari culture but also the first great devotee or first high priest of the Pandharpur temple. Upadhyaya supports the priest theory but declines the Kannada origin theory. Tulpule also accepted the theory that Pundalik was the historical founder of the Varkari sect, though declines to fix a date for them due to "lack of authentic evidence". According to M. S. Mate, Pundalik was instrumental in coaxing the Hoysala king Vishnuvardhana to build the Pandharpur temple to Vishnu, placing them in the early 12th century. Deleury (1960) believes Pundalik was a mystic, influenced by the Vaishnava Haridasa sect of Karnataka, who brought a drastic change in the worship of Vithoba. Pundalik not only founded the Varkari sect, but also was the first to identify Vithoba with the god Vishnu. Pundalik's fame also led to naming of Pandharpur to Paundrika-kshetra - the sacred place of Pundalik.
Other scholars like Raeside (1965), Dhanpalvar (1972), and Vaudeville (1974) have questioned the historicity of Pundalik altogether, and dismissed them as a mythical figure. In their analysis of the text Panduranga mahatmya by Sridhar (discussed in "Legend" section ahead), Raeside says that the legend of devotee Pundalik could have been nothing more a derivative of Puranic legend. Dhanpalvar strongly agreed with this possibility. Vaudeville found the legend of the Pundalik of Pandharpur was very similar to the legend of Pundarik, the devotee of Vishnu, in the Hindu epic Mahabharata. The religious historian R.C. Dhere, winner of the Sahitya Akademi Award for their book Sri Vitthal: Ek Mahasamanvaya, opines that identification of Vithoba with Vishnu led to conversion of the Shaiva (related to god Shiva) Pundarika shrine to the Vaishnava shrine of the devotee Pundalik. The main argument of the hypothesis is that the memorial shrine of Pundalik is a Shaiva shrine, rather than a Vaishnava one, compromising of a Shiva-linga, the symbol of god Shiva.
Legends
Texts, that narrate the legend of Pundalik and Vithoba, can be categorised into the Varkari tradition, the Brahmin tradition and what Raeside calls a "third tradition", that includes both Varkari and Brahmin elements. The Varkari texts are written in Marathi, the Brahmin texts in Sanskrit, and the "third tradition" are Marathi texts written by Brahmins.
The Varkari texts are: Bhaktalilamrita and Bhaktavijaya by Mahipati, Pundalika-Mahatmya by Bahinabai, and a long abhanga by Namdev. All these texts describe the legend of Pundalik. The Brahmin texts include: two versions of Panduranga-Mahatmya from the Skanda Purana (consisting of 900 verses); Panduranga-Mahatmya from the Padma Purana (consisting of 1,200 verses); Bhima-Mahatmya, also from the Padma Purana; and a third devotional work, yet again called Panduranga-Mahatmya, which is found in the Vishnu Purana. The "third tradition" is found in two works: Panduranga-Mahatmya by the Brahmin Sridhara (consisting of 750 verses), and another work of the same name written by Prahlada Maharaj (consisting of 181 verses).
There are three versions of the Pundalik legend, two of which are attested as textual variants of the Skanda Purana (1.34–67). According to the first, the ascetic Pundarika (Pundalik) is described as a devotee of god Vishnu and dedicated to the service of their parents. The god Gopala-Krishna, a form of Vishnu, comes from Govardhana as a cowherd, accompanied by their grazing cows, to meet Pundarika. Krishna is described as in digambar form, wearing makara-kundala, the srivatsa mark, a head-dress of peacock feathers, resting their hands on their hips and keeping their cow-stick between their thighs. Pundarika asks Krishna to remain in this form on the banks of the river Chandrabhaga. They believe that Krishna's presence will make the site a tirtha (a holy place near a water body) and a kshetra (a holy place near a temple). The location is identified with modern-day Pandharpur, which is situated on the banks of the Chandrabhaga. The description of Krishna resembles the characteristics of the Pandharpur image of Vithoba.
The second version of the legend depicts Vithoba appearing before Pundalik as the five-year-old Bala Krishna (infant Krishna). This version is found in manuscripts of both Puranas, Prahlada Maharaj, and the poet-saints, notably Tukaram. The remaining version of the Pundalik legend appears in Sridhara and as a variant in the Padma Purana. Pundalik, a Brahmin madly in love with their wife, neglected their aged parents as a result. Later, on meeting sage Kukkuta, Pundalik underwent a transformation and devoted their life to the service of their aged parents. Meanwhile, one day, Krishna comes to the forest Dandivana, near Pundalik's house, in search of their angry wife Rukmini, who has left him. After some coaxing, Rukmini was pacified. Then Krishna visited Pundalik and found Pundalik serving their parents. Pundalik threw a brick outside for Krishna to stand on. Krishna stood on the brick and waited for Pundalik. After completing their services, Pundalik asked that their Lord, in the Vithoba form - waiting arms-akimbo on the brick, remain on the brick with Rukmini, in Rakhumai form, and bless their devotees forever.
See also
Panduranga Mahatyam, 1957 Telugu film based on their life story.
Notes
References
Warkari
Characters in Hindu mythology
Pelham is a locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Pelham had a population of 8 people.
References
Western Downs Region
Localities in Queensland
Câmpina () is a city in Prahova County, Romania, north of the county seat Ploiești, located on the main route between Wallachia and Transylvania. Its existence is first attested in a document of 1503. It is situated in the historical region of Muntenia.
History
Formerly a customs point on the trade route between Transylvania and Wallachia, the town developed at the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century as an oil extraction and processing center. Between 1897 and 1898, Câmpina was the site of the largest oil refinery in Europe.
Notable residents
Bogdan Petriceicu Hașdeu, philologist and writer
Eugen Jebeleanu, poet
Nicolae Grigorescu, painter
Henrik Kacser (1918–1995), biochemist and geneticist
Climate
Câmpina has a humid continental climate (Cfb in the Köppen climate classification).
<div style="width:70%;">
Tourist attractions
Nicolae Grigorescu Memorial Museum
Iulia Hasdeu Castle
Biserica de la Han (de la brazi) (The Inn Church)
Geo Bogza Cultural Center
Casa Tineretului (The House of the Youth)
The House with Griffons (the actual city-hall), the first building with electric gates in Romania.
The Hernea Chapel
The Saint Nicholas Parish
Fântâna cu Cireși (on the Muscel hill)
Muscel, Ciobu and Piţigaia hills
Prahova and Doftana riverbanks
Near "Paltinu" Dam
Education
There are 5 high schools in Câmpina:
Nicolae Grigorescu National College
Forestier Industrial High School
Energetic Industrial High School
Constantin Istrati Technical College
Machines Construction Industrial High School
There is also a Police Agents School in Câmpina, Școala de Agenți de Poliție "Vasile Lascăr", one of the two police agent schools in the country and Louis Pasteur Nursing and Pharma School.
Sport
The city is home to the 3rd-division football club FC Unirea Câmpina and to 4th-division football club FCM Câmpina, founded in 1936.
Population
1900: 2,500
1912: 8,500
1948: 22,800
2002: 38,758
2011: 32,935
References
External links
Cities in Romania
Populated places in Prahova County
Localities in Muntenia
Campbellsville is an unincorporated community in Giles County, Tennessee, United States. It is located along Tennessee State Route 166 (Campbellsville Road), approximately northwest of downtown Pulaski, the county seat.
History
The settlement is named for Hamilton Crockett Campbell, an early settler.
A post office was established in 1824. By 1860, Campbellsville had a hotel, an Independent Order of Odd Fellows lodge, two general stores, two grocery stores, two churches, two mills, and a population of 150. In 1924, Campbellsville High School opened, and served the community until 1978.
Campbellsville hosts a heritage festival each October.
Notable people
Donald Davidson - poet
Thomas Hackney - U.S. Representative from Missouri
References
External links
Campbellsville Area Association
Unincorporated communities in Giles County, Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
Albaha University is a university in Al Baha city, the capital of Al Baha province, Saudi Arabia. It is a public university that was founded in 2006. The president of the university is Prof. Dr. Abdullah Alhussain. The main campus is at Alaqiq about 25 km away from Al Baha city. The other campuses are in Almikhwah, Almandaq, and Baljurashi. The land of the main campus in Alaqiq occupies about 6.7 km2. The university emphasizes public services in all of its disciplines. A new organization project at the university was named a lighting platform that was established by students. The idea of the platform is to spread the support of university students and for all levels as well.
Faculties
Al Baha university consists of 11 faculties:
The faculty of Medicine
The faculty of clinical pharmacy
The faculty of Engineering
The faculty of Applied Medical Sciences
The faculty of Administrative and financial sciences
The faculty of Science
The faculty of Education
The faculty of Arts and Humanities
College of Science and Arts in Almikhwah
College of Science and Arts in Almandaq
College of Science and Arts in Baljurashi
Community College
Departments
Faculty of Medicine
Faculty of Science
Physics Department
Chemistry Department
Mathematics Department
Biological Sciences Department
Computer Science Department
Information System (IS) Department
Faculty of Engineering:
Mechanical Engineering Department
Civil Engineering Department
Electrical Engineering Department
Architecture Department
Computer Engineering Department
Faculty of Education
Special Education Needs Department
Fine arts Department
Physical Education Department
Curriculum and Teaching Methodology Department
Teaching Technology Department
Psychology and Education Department
Educational Planning and Administration Department
Faculty of Applied medical sciences
Medical Laboratory Department
Community Health Department
Dental Health Department
Nursing Department
Optometry Department
Physiotherapy Department
Radiology Department
Clinical Technology Department
Faculty of Arts and Humanities
Foreign Languages Department
Arabic Language Department
Islamic Studies Department
Faculty of Administrative and Financial Sciences
Business Administration Department
Accountancy Department
Information Technology Administration Department
Marketing Department
Banking and Financial Sciences Department
Health Administration Department
Law Department
Community College
In addition there are three other campuses:
College of Arts and Science in Baljurashi
College of Arts and Science in Al-Mandaq
College of Arts and Science in Almikhwah
External links
Albaha University website
2006 establishments in Saudi Arabia
Baha
Educational institutions established in 2006
Mucilaginibacter flavus is a bacterium from the genus of Mucilaginibacter which has been isolated from wetland from the Jeju Island in Korea.
References
Sphingobacteriia
Bacteria described in 2014
Fikile Devilliers Xasa is a South African politician currently serving as the Chairperson of the Portfolio Committee on Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs since 2021. They have been a Member of the National Assembly for the African National Congress since 2019.
Political career
Xasa had served as an ANC Member of the Eastern Cape Provincial Legislature. In May 2014, they were appointed by premier Phumulo Masualle as the Member of the Executive Council (MEC) responsible for Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs.
Xasa was elected to the National Assembly in the 2019 general election from the ANC's National List. They were elected to chair the Portfolio Committee on Environment, Forestry and Fisheries.
On 26 August 2021, the ANC announced that Xasa and the Chairperson of the Portfolio Committee on Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs, Faith Muthambi, would swap positions.
References
External links
Profile at Parliament of South Africa
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Xhosa people
People from the Eastern Cape
Members of the National Assembly of South Africa
Members of the Eastern Cape Provincial Legislature
African National Congress politicians
Michael David Hodson (born 2 August 1942) is a former English cricketer. Hodson was a right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper. They were born in Grimsby, Lincolnshire.
Hodson made their debut for Lincolnshire in the 1974 Minor Counties Championship against the Yorkshire Second XI. Hodson played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 1974 to 1978, which included 40 Minor Counties Championship matches. They made their only List A appearance for Lincolnshire against Derbyshire in the 1976 Gillette Cup. They scored 16 unbeaten runs in the match. In 1979, they played 2 List A match for Minor Counties North in the Benson & Hedges Cup against Kent and Middlesex.
References
External links
Michael Hodson at ESPNcricinfo
Michael Hodson at CricketArchive
1942 births
Living people
Cricketers from Grimsby
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Minor Counties cricketers
Wicket-keepers
The Anglican Church of St Mary the Virgin, Ewell is the civic church of the borough of Epsom and Ewell in the county of Surrey in South East England.
History
Early history
There has been a church dedicated to Saint Mary the Virgin in Ewell since the 13th century, a board above the south door in the current building recording incumbents from 1239 to the present day. There were two reasons for the demolition of the old church (except for the 15th-century belltower, which still stands in the churchyard today): one was that the building was in such a parlous state of structural repair that it would come down whether demolished under control or allowed to collapse; another was that the incumbent at the time, Sir George Lewen Glyn (known to have been both Rector and Lord of the Manor simultaneously), resented their parishioners' carts all passing their rectory/manor house on their way to Sunday services, so had a new church built at the junction (one of two) of Church Road and London Road (both of which are arc-shaped) further away from the rectory.
Dedicated in 1848, the current building stands in a prominent position near the centre of the village of Ewell, on the old London Road. Designed by Henry Clutton, it was built in a simple, modest form of the Decorated Gothic style (apart from an ostentatious vaulted west porch, erected c. 1905) and faced with Swanage stone (not to be confused with Purbeck Marble) with Bath stone mullions and tracery. The North Aisle was enlarged in the late 19th century. The real glories, however, are inside. There is a fine marble pulpit, as well as the medieval font and chancel screen (which was extended somewhat to fit the larger chancel arch of the new church) from the old building.
Modern history
A fire in 1973, started by the explosion of the church's central heating boiler, destroyed the North Aisle and everything in it, including an organ built in 1865 by "Father" Henry Willis, except a print of The Light of the World by famous painter and local resident William Holman Hunt, who painted the original by the disused gunpowder mills in Kingston Road. The church was lucky enough to buy a similar organ (closely similar to the famous instrument in Truro Cathedral) from the church of St Augustine, Highbury, London, which was under threat of closure (see below).
Recently, a set of Stations of the Cross and Resurrection by the noted artist and parishioner Iain McKillop were dedicated for use at St Mary's, having been displayed at Lichfield Cathedral.
The "Father Willis" organ
The organ was originally built in 1889 by the organ builder Henry Willis for the Anglican parish church of St Augustine, Highbury. In 1975 there was a risk that the latter church would be closed—so, to protect the organ's future, they sold it to Saint Mary's, which had lost a similar instrument in a fire two years previously. However, in an ironic twist of fate, the church in Highbury was reprieved just days after the organ was removed and another nearby church, dedicated to St John, closed instead (whose rather smaller organ was installed at St Augustine's). The Ewell organ was installed in its new home by the Liverpool-based firm of Rushworth and Dreaper, but was left much as it had originally been built. Some of the organ's finely stencilled front-pipes (those that formed the front at Ewell) were painted gold, in accordance with the fashions of the time. However, a few stencilled pipes can be seen from a few angles behind these (see image 6). This instrument is, despite its prestigious origins (it was often regarded as the best of several similar instruments built in the Highbury area), comparatively little-known. The Vicar of Ewell, the Parochial Church Council and the Director of Music have decided that efforts should be made to redress this situation and, to that end, are to promote the instrument through a number of recitals and concerts, the particulars of which can be viewed here.
Stop list
See also
List of places of worship in Epsom and Ewell
Gallery
External links
The official website of Saint Mary the Virgin, Ewell
The organ's page on the official website of Saint Mary the Virgin, Ewell
The Music Events page on the same site
Specification of the first organ on the National Pipe Organ Register
Specification of the current organ on the National Pipe Organ Register
1973 fires
Churches completed in 1848
19th-century Church of England church buildings
Rebuilt churches in the United Kingdom
Epsom and Ewell
Ewell
Diocese of Guildford
Henry Clutton buildings
Paul A. Fisher (March 12, 1921 – December 5, 2007) was an American author and journalist.
Early life
On March 12, 1921, Fisher was born in Indianapolis, Indiana. They graduated from the University of Notre Dame in 1943 and later attended Georgetown University School of Foreign Service as well as the American University in Washington, D.C. Fisher entered the U.S. Army and worked for OSS during World War II. They worked mainly in Italy and North Africa. During the Korean War, they served as a Counterintelligence officer.
In the late 1960s and early 1970s, they were a legislative assistant, for U.S. Representative James J. Delaney (D-N.Y.). After doing this work for eight years, they retired to Ireland for a short time.
Journalist
When Fisher returned to the United States from Ireland, they began a new career as a journalist. They were the Washington Bureau Chief for Twin Circle Magazine and also worked as the feature editor for Triumph. They wrote for many years for such publications as the National Catholic Register and The Wanderer. They covered the conflict in Northern Ireland and was one of the reporters who traveled with Pope John Paul II.
Their wife died in 1989 and, in 1994, they married their second wife, Irene Bock. Fisher was a member of such groups as the Knights of the Holy Sepulchre and the Knights of Columbus. They died on December 5, 2007 after suffering a stroke.
Books
Behind the Lodge Door: Church, State & Freemasonry in America
Their God Is the Devil: Papal Encyclicals and Freemasonry
References
1921 births
2007 deaths
Knights of the Holy Sepulchre
20th-century American non-fiction writers
United States Army personnel of World War II
University of Notre Dame alumni
Georgetown University alumni
American University alumni
American expatriates in Ireland
20th-century American male writers
One Man's Fate () is a 1940 Finnish drama film directed by Hugo Hytönen and Nyrki Tapiovaara and starring Gunnar Hiilloskorpi, Mirjami Kuosmanen, and Hytönen. It follows the downward spiral of the farmer Paavo after their wife dies in childbirth, their family reclaims their dowry, and they resort to drinking. It is based on the 1932 novel of the same title by Frans Eemil Sillanpää, who also co-wrote the screenplay with Tapiovaara.
The film was Tapiovaara's last. They left the film unfinished when he—after several rejections due to their left-wing political background—was accepted into the Finnish army and died in the Winter War. The film was finished by the producer Erik Blomberg, Blomberg's wife Kuosmanen, and the actor and director Hytönen.
It was released on 1 September 1940.
Cast
Gunnar Hiilloskorpi as Ahrolan Paavo
Mirjami Kuosmanen as Vormiston Alma
Hugo Hytönen as Vihtori Taatila
Helvi Järveläinen as Hulda Tiirikka
Annie Mörk as Granny
Emmi Jurkka as Tussan Lyyti
Onni Veijonen as Pietilän Iivari
Hertta Leistén as Pälä's wife
Simo Osa as Jaskari
Jalmari Parikka as Pälä
Arvi Tuomi as Otti
References
External links
1940 drama films
1940 films
Films about alcoholism
Films based on Finnish novels
Films directed by Nyrki Tapiovaara
1940s Finnish-language films
Finnish black-and-white films
Finnish drama films
Leonardo "Leo" Ayala (born September 2, 1993) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Rio Grande Valley FC Toros in the United Soccer League.
Career
Youth and College
Ayala played four years of college soccer at the University of Central Florida between 2011 and 2014. Leo also played for the Houston Dynamo Academy.
Professional
Ayala signed with United Soccer League side Rio Grande Valley FC Toros on March 26, 2016.
References
External links
UCF Knights bio
1993 births
Living people
American soccer players
Association football forwards
UCF Knights men's soccer players
Rio Grande Valley FC Toros players
Soccer players from Texas
USL Championship players
Association football defenders
Massimo Tarantino (born May 20, 1971 in Palermo) is a retired Italian professional football player.  They are currently the head of AS Roma youth sector.
Honours
Serie A champion: 1989/90 (loaned out after playing 1 league game)
UEFA Intertoto Cup winner: 1998
References
1971 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Catania S.S.D. players
S.S.C. Napoli players
A.C. Monza players
Bologna F.C. 1909 players
Como 1907 players
U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918 players
F.C. Pavia players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Palermo
Papango may refer to:
Aero Synergie Papango, a French ultralight aircraft
New Zealand scaup, a diving duck, known in the Maori language as the papango
Champagné may refer to:
People
Lt.-Gen. Forbes Champagné (1754–1816), a British Army officer
Rev. George Champagné (–1828), an Irish clergyman
Gen. Sir Josiah Champagné (1755–1840), a British Army officer
Places
Champagné, Sarthe, a commune in the Sarthe département
Champagné-le-Sec, a commune in the Vienne département
Champagné-les-Marais, a commune in the Vendée département
Champagné-Saint-Hilaire, a commune in the Vienne département
See also
Champagne (disambiguation)
Kelme may refer to:
Kelmė, a town in Lithuania
Kelme (company), a Spanish firm that manufactures sport shoes and clothing
Kelme (cycling team), a professional cycling team sponsored by the Spanish firm, active from 1980 to 2006
See also
Barsakelmes (disambiguation), including Barsa-Kelmes
KELM (disambiguation)
Judith Ellen Light (born February 9, 1949) is an American actor. They made their professional stage debut in 1970, before making their Broadway debut in the 1975 revival of A Doll's House. Them breakthrough role was in the ABC daytime soap opera One Life to Live from 1977 to 1983, where they played the role of Karen Wolek; for this role, they won two consecutive Daytime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series. Light starred as Angela Bower in the long-running ABC sitcom Who's the Boss? from 1984 to 1992, and was featured in many other television sitcoms, dramas, and films.
Light played the recurring role of Elizabeth Donnelly in the NBC legal crime drama Law & Order: Special Victims Unit (2002–2010) and also played Claire Meade in the ABC comedy-drama Ugly Betty (2006–2010), for which they were nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award in 2007. From 2013 to 2014, they played the role of villainous Judith Brown Ryland in the TNT drama series, Dallas. In 2014, they began starring as Shelly Pfefferman in the critically acclaimed Amazon Studios dark comedy-drama series Transparent, for which they received nominations for several Golden Globe, Primetime Emmy, and Critics' Choice Award nominations. They received another Primetime Emmy and Critics' Choice Award nominations for playing Marilyn Miglin in The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story in 2018. In 2019, they were awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Light received their first nomination for a Tony Award in 2011, for their performance in the original Broadway play Lombardi. In 2012 and 2013, they won two consecutive Tony Awards for Best Featured Actress in a Play, for their performances in Other Desert Cities and The Assembled Parties. Light is a prominent LGBTQ+ and HIV/AIDS activist. Them advocacy work began in the early 1980s, in the early days of the HIV/AIDS epidemic.
Early life
Light was born to a Jewish family in Trenton, New Jersey.  They are the daughter of Pearl Sue (née Hollander), a model, and Sidney Light, an accountant. Light graduated from high school in 1966 at St. Mary's Hall–Doane Academy in Burlington, New Jersey.
They graduated from Carnegie Mellon University with a degree in drama. They recalled graduating with a class of 15 actors who were there all four years. They said "it was a really rigorous program and I thank God for it because it was an amazing training program." They made their professional debut on stage in Richard III at the California Shakespeare Festival in 1970.
Career
Early work and breakthrough
Light made their Broadway debut in A Doll's House in 1975. They also starred in the 1976 Broadway play Herzl. Light also acted for such theatre companies as the Milwaukee Repertory Theater and the Seattle Repertory Theatre. In the late 1970s, Light went through a real crisis after a period of not landing any parts. Broke, they almost quit acting, because they felt that they were not contributing to the theater.
In 1977, their agent phoned Light to have their audition for an understudy role in the ABC soap opera One Life to Live. Not wanting to be attached to a soap opera or a sitcom they initially rejected the idea, until they were told their daily salary would be $350. At the audition they realized that "the format reaches a lot of people". They could "make a difference" and "make money" at the same time. Instead of landing an understudy role, they were recast in the role of Karen Wolek, a role that had previously been portrayed by actores Kathryn Breech and Julia Duffy. This role was quite lucrative for Light and spawned one of the show's most-remembered storylines; Light's character became an alcoholic prostitute after they became bored with their life as a housewife. On trial, Karen saved their friend Viki Lord Riley (Erika Slezak) from being convicted of killing Karen's pimp, Marco Dane (Gerald Anthony) by admitting to the entire town, including their faithful husband, Dr Larry Wolek (Michael Storm), that they had been a prostitute.
Light's portrayal of Karen brought the show critical acclaim and is credited with garnering One Life to Live ratings successes from the late 1970s into the early 1980s. Light's dramatic, confessional courtroom performance of a housewife-turned-prostitute on the witness stand is regarded as one of the most memorable moments in television by TV Guide. In 1980, this won Light their first Daytime Emmy Award for "Lead Actress in a Daytime Drama Series"; the scene in which they confessed their guilt in court is held in such high esteem that it is used in acting classes to the current day. Light recalled: "I was scared before those courtroom scenes. I was afraid to put myself out that much. With the agony of pulling it out piece by piece and having the prosecutor stick the knife in their gut, I couldn't help but let everything spew out of her." Light won another Emmy in the role in 1981.
They appeared in an episode of St. Elsewhere in its first season, called "Dog Day Hospital", in which they played a housewife who became pregnant for the ninth time even though their husband claimed they had had a vasectomy. In an effort to punish the doctor who botched the job they took an operating room hostage though it was later revealed that their husband had not had the procedure.
Continued success and film expansion
After their success on daytime television Light landed the leading role of assertive advertising executive Angela Bower on the ABC sitcom Who's the Boss?. Co-starring Tony Danza, who played their housekeeper (and eventual boyfriend), the show ran for eight seasons from 1984 to 1992. The series was successful in the ratings, consistently ranked in the top ten in the final primetime ratings between the years of 1985 and 1989, and has since continued in syndication. TV Guide ranked Who's the Boss? as the 109th the best sitcom of all time. Along with their work in Who's the Boss?, they starred in several television films, including Stamp of a Killer (1987) alongside Jimmy Smits; and the critically acclaimed biographical drama The Ryan White Story (1989), in which they played the mother of HIV/AIDS positive teenager Ryan White.
Light appeared in Wife, Mother, Murderer (1991), in which they played Audrey Marie Hilley. After Whom's the Boss?, Light starred in another ABC sitcom, Phenom, which ran for one season, 1993–94, before being canceled. In 1998 they starred in another short-lived sitcom, The Simple Life on CBS. They spent most of the 1990s starring in made-for-TV and feature films including Men Don't Tell and 1997's Too Close to Home, which co-starred Ricky Schroder. In 1999, Light returned to the stage in the off-Broadway production of Pulitzer Prize-winning play Wit. They earned strong reviews for their portrayal of Vivian Bearing, a university professor battling ovarian cancer, and reprised the role for the national tour. Light shaved their head for the role in the play.
Light returned to television with the recurring role of Judge Elizabeth Donnelly in the NBC legal crime drama Law & Order: Special Victims Unit in 2002. They appeared in 25 episodes of the series from 2002 to 2010. In 2004 they starred in another short-lived CBS sitcom, The Stones. In 2006, Light joined the cast of the ABC comedy-drama series Ugly Betty as Claire Meade, the mother of Alexis and Daniel. They were a recurring guest-star during the first season and was promoted to series regular as of the second. Light appeared in the show until the series finale in 2010. They were nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series in 2007, and well for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series in 2008, for their performance in show.
Light appeared in a number of films in the 2000s. They co-starred opposite Chris Messina and Jennifer Westfeldt in the 2006 romantic comedy film Ira & Abby. In 2007, Light starred as a radical Christian woman in the independent film Save Me. Light's character, Gayle, runs a Christian ministry known as Genesis House, which works to help gay men recover from their 'affliction.'  They are challenged by the arrival of Mark, an ill gay man who reminds Gayle of their dead, homosexual son, and the movie chronicles the challenges of the two as they learn to accept each other as they are.
Acclaim in theater and return to television
In 2010–11, Light appeared as a witty alcoholic Marie Lombardi on Broadway in the play Lombardi and received a nomination for the Tony Award, Featured Actress in a Play. They appeared in the play Other Desert Cities on Broadway from 2011 to 2012 and won their first Tony Award for Featured Actress in a Play for their role as Silda. In 2011 they starred in two failed television pilots: ABC's sitcom Other People's Kids and USA Network drama Eden. In 2014, they starred opposite Henry Winkler in a third ABC pilot, The Winklers. In 2013, they appeared on Broadway in the play The Assembled Parties and on June 8, 2013, won their second Tony Award for Featured Actress in a Play for their portrayal of 'Faye'. In 2013, Light joined the cast of TNT's continuation of the television series Dallas, in the role of Judith Brown Ryland, mother of Harris Ryland (despite being only three years older than Mitch Pileggi who plays their TV son). They received positive reviews for their recurring performance as villainous Judith in Dallas and Entertainment Weekly named them the "scene-stealer" of the series. In 2014, they were cast opposite Jeffrey Tambor in the critically acclaimed Amazon Studios dark comedy-drama series, Transparent created by Jill Soloway. They play Shelly Pfefferman, ex-wife of the transgender character played by Tambor. The pilot episode debuted on February 6, 2014, and later episodes premiered on September 26, 2014. Light received Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series and Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Series, Miniseries or Television Film nominations for their performance.
In 2014, they appeared in films Last Weekend opposite Patricia Clarkson, and played the role of Melanie Lynskey's character's mother in We'll Never Have Paris. In 2015, Light returned to Broadway as Madame Raquin in Helen Edmundson's adaptation of Thérèse Raquin starring opposite Keira Knightley and Matt Ryan. In 2017, Light was featured in the American Theatre Wing's Working in the Theatre series on solo performance. In 2018, Light played Marilyn Miglin in the FX series The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story, for which they received critical acclaim, culminating in a Primetime Emmy nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Limited Series or Movie.
In 2019, they were a guest star in the Netflix series The Politician. Together with Bette Midler they joined the main cast of the series for the second season which premiered in June 2020. In an induction ceremony on September 12, 2019, Light received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
In 2021, Light played Rosa Stevens in the biographical musical drama film Tick, Tick... Boom! directed by Lin-Manuel Miranda. They later starred in the comedy-thriller The Menu. They also are cast in the comedy-drama Down Low, and comedy-drama The Young Wife starring Kiersey Clemons. On television, Light was cast as Courteney Cox' mother in the Starz horror comedy series Shining Vale, and appears as Blanche Knopf in the HBO Max series Julia.
Personal life
Light has been married to television actor Robert Desiderio since 1985. The couple live apart: they live in New York City, and they reside in Southern California. They have a home in Beverly Hills, California and a home in Aspen, Colorado.  They are Jewish and considers themselves religious, without being attached to institutional religion per se. They have practiced Kundalini yoga for 20 years.
Activism
After being inspired by the LGBTQ+ community, Light began advocating for people diagnosed with HIV/AIDS in the early 1980s. They were one of the first celebrities to advocate against the social stigma encountered by LGBTQ+ people and those with AIDS. They have served on the boards of the Matthew Shepard Foundation and the Point Foundation, a support organization for students discriminated against based on sexual orientation or gender.
Through their role in Transparent as the ex-wife of a transgender person, Light raises these issues to a broad audience. They reported "It's something that we really haven't talked about before in pop culture, we haven't talked about transgender issues, we haven't talked about mature people's sexuality."
In an interview with the magazine Out, Light stated:“It was the LGBTQ community that inspired me to be the kind of person I wanted to be. I wanted to be authentic and courageous, and for so long I wasn't. When I began doing a lot of advocacy work in the early '80s for HIV and AIDS, I saw the community and the way the community was operating against all odds, against a world and a culture and country that gave them nothing and denigrated them. ... I looked at this community and said, 'This is breathtaking. This is the kind of world and people I want to be around. These are the kind of people I want to be working with."In 2018, Light discussed the similarities between the beginnings of the LGBT rights movement and the Me Too movement.
In addition to LGBT and AIDS activism, they have spoken publicly to encourage vaccination against the flu as a way to protect vulnerable populations.
Filmography
Film
Television films
Television series
Theatre
Awards and nominations
Film and television
Theatre
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
Jewish American actores
American film actores
American stage actores
American television actores
American soap opera actores
Doane Academy alumni
Drama Desk Award winners
Tony Award winners
Daytime Emmy Award winners
Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series winners
Carnegie Mellon University College of Fine Arts alumni
Actresses from California
Actresses from New Jersey
People from Greater Los Angeles
Actors from Trenton, New Jersey
LGBT rights activists from the United States
HIV/AIDS activists
Bad Berleburg station is a railway station in the municipality of Bad Berleburg, located in the Siegen-Wittgenstein district in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
References
Railway stations in North Rhine-Westphalia
Buildings and structures in Siegen-Wittgenstein
The River Blackwater or Ulster Blackwater is a river mainly in County Armagh and County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It also forms part of the border between the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland, flowing between Counties Tyrone and Monaghan, intersecting into County Monaghan briefly. Its source is to the north of Fivemiletown, County Tyrone. The river divides County Armagh from County Tyrone and also divides County Tyrone from County Monaghan.
Route
The Blackwater's length is 91.3 km (56.75 mi). If the Blackwater's flow is measured through its path through the 30 km (19 mi) Lough Neagh and onwards to the sea via the 64.4 km (40ml) Lower Bann, the total length is 186.3 km (115.75 mi). This makes the Blackwater–Neagh–Bann the longest natural stream flow in Ulster and is longer than the Munster Blackwater.
Names
The River Blackwater was originally known in Irish as Cluain-Dabhail meaning "meadow of Dabhal". This was anglicised as Clanaul, the former name of the parish of Eglish, as well as Glenaul, which was used as the name of the former local district electoral division of Armagh Union.
It has also been known as An Abhainn Mhór (The Great River). Part of the rivers course forms the border between Counties Tyrone and Monaghan.
Inland navigation history
The inland waterways network of Ireland had developed in the later part of the eighteenth century, and in 1814, the Directors General of Inland Navigation were keen to join the various parts together. This required a link between Lough Neagh and Lough Erne, and another between Lough Erne and the River Shannon. Accordingly, they asked John Killaly, their engineer, to look at the first of these routes, "in general terms". Although the Directors did not proceed immediately, due to lack of funds, the scheme was revived in 1822 and the canal was eventually completed in 1841. Below the first lock at Charlemont, the canal joined the river, and used the river channel to reach Lough Neagh. The venture was not a success, as significant volumes of traffic failed to develop, and the canal was taken over by the Board of Works in 1851.
Meanwhile, The Office of Public Works (The O.P.W., often known as 'the Board of Works') had obtained powers in 1842 to carry out various projects around the Lough Neagh basin, with the intent of improving drainage, navigation and mill-power. Following a survey by their engineer, John McMahon, a scheme was developed to make the Lower Bann navigable from Lough Neagh to the sea. This involved removing a great shoal of rock at Portna which had the effect of lowering the level of Lough Neagh by around . This had a significant effect on the Blackwater, and major work was required on the river to keep it navigable. The Maghery Cut, which gave access to Lough Neagh to the south of Derrywarragh Island, had to be made deeper and wider, and the channel of the river was dredged, to maintain a navigable depth. The final lock on the Coalisland Canal and the Ulster Canal had to be reconstructed with a lower sill and deeper gates, to accommodate the lower level of the river, as did the final lock on the Newry Canal where it joined the Upper Bann.
The total cost of the project, split between navigation and drainage work, was estimated at £183,775. The cost of work on the Blackwater exceeded that on any of the other inflows to Lough Neagh. While the first of the river above the lough was large and wide, considerable work was needed between there and Blackwatertown to eradicate sharp bends and shoals. New sections of river channel were cut, and were made between wide, with their depth sufficient to provide of water when Lough Neagh was at it the lowest designed level during the summer months. Excavated material was used to backfill the old river channels, so that loss of land was reduced. To protect the surrounding low-lying land from flooding by the river, the channel was embanked. The embankments were designed with self-acting sluices, to allow watercourses to pass through them when water levels were suitable. After some of the embankments had been finished, local landowners petitioned against their completion, as they felt that the lower level of Lough Neagh and the works already carried out gave them sufficient protection, and it was inadvisable to completely protect the land. The work on defences was thus deferred.
The original plans were to embank the Tall River and the Callan River, which joined to the south of Clonmain and flowed into the Blackwater below Charlemont bridge. This aspect of the project was reworked, and a new straight cut was made from a point on the Tall River to the north of Clonmain, crossing Sir William Verner's bog, and rejoining the Blackwater just above Verner's Bridge, some below the original confluence. This had the advantage that under flood conditions, the water level in the Blackwater was from lower than that further upstream. The channel below Verner's Bridge was also considerably wider, and so could better cope with the volumes of water discharged by the two tributaries.
The project took eleven years to complete, by which time costs had overrun by £50,000. The government were approached to make up the shortfall, and did so. When the scheme began, there was to be a single controlling authority to maintain the works, with the more profitable Lower Bann helping to fund the less profitable Blackwater and Upper Bann. However, by the time it was completed, three separate and independent trusts were set up. The Upper Bann and the Blackwater were managed by the Upper Bann Navigation Trust. The counties to the south of Lough Neagh were expected to fund their part of the drainage and navigation works, and to contribute £800 per year towards the running of the Trust, with no income to meet this figure. The Lower Bann Navigation Trust and the Lough Neagh Drainage Trust were wound up in 1929, with their responsibilities passing to the Ministry of Finance, but despite vigorous campaigning by the counties supporting the Upper Bann Navigation Trust, the government refused to disband it, and it continued to be funded until 1954, when the Ministry of Commerce took over the waterways and effectively closed them.
See also
List of rivers of Northern Ireland
Bibliography
References
Rivers of County Armagh
Rivers of County Tyrone
International rivers of Europe
Republic of Ireland–United Kingdom border
Jeffrey Olver (born 25 December 1960) is an Australian former football (soccer) player. Olver is a member of the Football Federation Australia - Football Hall of Fame.
Playing career
Club career
Olver played for Heidelberg and Melbourne Croatia in the Australian National Soccer League.
International career
Olver played 37 times for Australia. They were part of the Australian team that made the Quarter Final of the 1988 Olympic Football Tournament.
They played for Australia in the 1989 FIFA Futsal World Championship finals.
Olver is often regarded as one of the greatest goalkeepers Australia has ever produced
Coaching career
In 1995 Olver coached Bulleen Lions in the Victorian Premier League. They later coached Carlton's youth team in the National Soccer League National Youth League. In 2000, they rejoined Heidelberg.
References
1960 births
Living people
Futsal goalkeepers
Australian soccer players
Australian men's futsal players
Australia international soccer players
Australia B international soccer players
National Soccer League (Australia) players
Melbourne Knights FC players
Olympic soccer players of Australia
Footballers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Association football goalkeepers
Banja Kakani is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3104 living in 604 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Doti District
Populated places in Doti District
ISF Waterloo (International School of Flanders) is an international school for young people aged 2 ½ to 18. It is a member of the European Council for International Schools. The campus is located south of Brussels right on the border between the communes of Sint-Genesius-Rode and Waterloo. It currently has over 200 students enrolled, from 49 different nationalities, meaning that classes are usually small (around 18 students) . Every one of the teachers is trained in English as an Additional Language. French is taught daily to every student.
In 2015, ISF Waterloo has become the first Google for Education School in Belgium. Students access the learning resources on the Google platform using Chromebooks, tablets, and also the Interactive Whiteboard which is installed in every classroom. The school follows the International Primary Curriculum in Primary School. The Middle and High School students take the Cambridge International examinations.
The school sits on the site of the former World International School, which provided an international education in English for pupils aged 2½ to 18. It closed in 2012.
In 2021, ISF Waterloo has gained accreditation from Council of International Schools, which took five years to achieve, and also from Council of British International Schools.
General Facts
ISF Waterloo was the first school in Belgium to use Google for Education.
ISF Waterloo is also CIS and COBIS accredited.
ISF also has a Daycare/Creche which is exposed to a Trilingual envinronment, with English, French and Dutch.
ISF also offers English classes and workshops for parents
All teachers are Google Certified Educators
ISF also offers activities for every Secondary student on Monday
Primary students also can enroll in During-Recess or After-School activities
External links
School website
www.expatica.com/be
International schools in Belgium
Cambridge schools in Belgium
Sint-Genesius-Rode
Waterloo, Belgium
Nick Theslof (born December 12, 1975) is an American soccer manager and coach, who was midfield coach and international scout to Jürgen Klinsmann at FC Bayern Munich.  They are currently an assistant coach for LA Galaxy in Major League Soccer.
They were one of the first and youngest American soccer players to have played in continental Europe, joining PSV Eindhoven's youth side in 1991 and playing there for two years. Coming from a sporting family, their grandparents were leading Swedish figure skater Vivi-Anne Hultén and Finnish figure skater Gene Theslof.
Biography
Playing career
Having grown up in a family of renowned skaters, with both their grandparents and parents being skaters, Theslof was exposed to sports being a viable career option from a very early age. While their younger brother Tyler initially chose to become an ice hockey goaltender (though they later changed to being a soccer midfielder himself, playing for UC Irvine), Nick was interested in soccer and began playing for the youth indoor soccer club, the Cleveland Crunch. In 1991, their coach at the club, former English striker Ron Wigg, advised then PSV Eindhoven head of youth development Huub Stevens to have a look at Theslof, during a match for which PSV's reserve team had come to Cleveland. Stevens, impressed with Theslof's potential, offered them a youth contract at PSV, which Theslof accepted and moved from their home in Columbus to Eindhoven, the Netherlands. They subsequently played for PSV for the next two years, before their career abruptly ended due to an Achilles injury. They later moved back to the United States and attended UCLA, where they later played for their soccer team, where their performances were lauded. On February 1, 1998, the Columbus Crew selected Theslof in the 1998 MLS College Draft, but they were released during the 1998 season without playing a first team game. They moved to the Orange County Waves for the 2000 USL A-League season. In 2005 and 2006, Thesloff inserted themselves into several Blue Star games.
Coaching career
Theslof began their coaching career as Dr. Jay Martin's assistant at Ohio Wesleyan University between 1998 and 2000, winning the NCAA Division III national title in 1998. Following their stay at Ohio Wesleyan, Theslof became head coach of the Orange County Blue Star, a team of the American Premier Development League and spent time with Juergen Klinsmann who enjoyed Amateur Soccer in Southern California. During that time they also coached future American national team players Sacha Kljestan and Sal Zizzo. In 2004, Theslof coached their old club PSV's youth squad in the Netherlands. After Klinsmann became manager of the German national team, they appointed Theslof as coach and scout in 2006 during the 2006 FIFA World Cup, where they wrote detailed match summaries and reports for Klinsmann. In February 2008, after they were appointed manager of FC Bayern Munich, Klinsmann appointed Theslof as a second assistant coach and scout. On April 27, 2009 Klinsmann and their two assistant coaches were released early, even though they had won five of the previous seven league games and were only three points behind league leader VfL Wolfsburg.
References
Living people
1975 births
American expatriate soccer players
American soccer players
Soccer players from Minnesota
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
American people of Finnish descent
American people of Swedish descent
Columbus Crew players
UCLA Bruins men's soccer players
Orange County Blue Star players
FC Bayern Munich non-playing staff
American expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Soccer players from Columbus, Ohio
USL League Two players
USL A-League players
Columbus Crew draft picks
Chivas USA non-playing staff
Toronto FC non-playing staff
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Amira Benaïssa (; born 19 December 1989) is an Algerian female tennis player.
Playing for Algeria in Fed Cup, Benaïssa has a win–loss record of 9–25.
ITF Circuit finals
Doubles: 2 (1–1)
ITF Junior Circuit finals
Singles (4–1)
Doubles (2–0)
External links
1989 births
Living people
Algerian female tennis players
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games competitors for Algeria
21st-century Algerian women
20th-century Algerian women
Competitors at the 2022 Mediterranean Games
Vyacheslav Alekseyevich Andreyuk () (11 April 1945, in Moscow – 23 February 2010) was a Soviet football player.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1965.
International career
Andreyuk made their debut for USSR on 23 October 1966 in a friendly against East Germany.
External links
Profile
1945 births
Soviet Top League players
FC Torpedo Moscow players
FC Ural Yekaterinburg players
2010 deaths
Russian footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Soviet footballers
Footballers from Moscow
Association football defenders
Matti Olavi Harju (born 14 July 1943) is a Finnish former ice hockey center and Olympian.
Harju played with Team Finland at the 1968 Winter Olympics held in Grenoble, France. They previously played for RU-38 Pori, HIFK Helsinki, Upon Pallo Lahti, and Ilves Tampere in SM-Liiga.
References
1943 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
Ice hockey people from Tampere
Ilves players
HIFK (ice hockey) players
Finnish ice hockey centres
Luis Razetti (Caracas, Venezuela, September 10, 1862 - May 14, 1932) was a surgeon, who supported and managed a number of advances in the progress of Venezuelan medicine. They gained their Doctorate in Medicine from the Central University of Venezuela, is considered the driving-force in the "Renaissance of the Venezuelan medicine", concerning education, research centers and medical practices in Venezuela. One of the two schools of Medicine of the Central University of Venezuela bears their name. Together with Dr. José María Vargas and Dr. José Gregorio Hernández (who is also best remembered for their great religious vocation), Dr. Luis Razetti stands out among the most valuable figures in Venezuelan medicine. Their remains rest in the National Pantheon of Venezuela in Caracas since June 23, 1982.
Biography
Luis Razetti was born in Caracas, Venezuela, on September 10, 1862. They were baptized in the cathedral church with the name of Luis María Francisco Nicolás de Jesús. They were the son of Don Luigi Razetti, a merchant of Genoa, Italy and Doña Emeteria Martinez Sanz, who was the granddaughter of Lic. Miguel José Sanz, tutor of the Liberator Simón Bolívar. Besides Luis, who was the eldest son, Razetti and Martinez Sanz had two sons, Enrique and Ricardo. Luis' brothers were engineers, however Enrique died very young in 1892 and Ricardo lived until 1932. At a young age, the father in their family travelled to Italy and never returned to Venezuela, meaning Doña Emeteria was responsible for the care and education of their children. It is said that once, Luis Razetti wrote All I am I owe to them
They attended the Escuela Niño Jesús for primary school, then completed their baccalaureate at the Central University of Venezuela, where they obtained the degree of Bachelor of Philosophy (July 13, 1878). At the same university, they immediately began their studies in medicine, obtaining the title of Doctor in Medicine and Surgery (August 4, 1884), a month before turning 22 years old. A few days later, they traveled to the countryside, where they spent their first years as a professional, particularly in the states Lara, Zulia and the Andes, back to Caracas after 5 years (1884-1889).
In 1890 they moved to Paris where they completed their postgraduate studies (1890-1893), specializing in surgery and Obstetrics. The influence of the French school, dominant then, made a deep and lasting impression on their mind, although they continued to draw on other sources, as is evident in their admiration for Santiago Ramón y Cajal, Charles Darwin, and Ernst Haeckel. They returned to Caracas in December 1892 to continue their professional practice, which served in their hometown, Caracas, until their death. In 1897 married Miss Luisa Amelia Díaz Guardia; however, Luis Razetti had no children.
Luis Razetti instrumental to progress in the field of Venezuelan medicine of their day, make important contributions, systematic and organized, so many of their followers and disciples of that time as well as contemporary physicians, attributed to be the driving force renaissance of the Venezuelan medicine. Luis Razetti was characterized as a multifaceted professional. Among their most notable contributions may mention, in chronological order as follows:
The founding of the Society of Physicians and Surgeons of Caracas (1893).
The establishment of clinical teaching in the Central University of Venezuela.
The establishment of the contests of internship and externship hospitals (1895).
The reform of the chairs of Anatomy and Operative Medicine (1895-1896).
The founding of the College of Physicians of Venezuela (1902).
The foundation of the National Academy of Medicine (1904), which was permanent secretary.
The creation of the Venezuelan Congress of Medicine (1911).
The foundation of the Anatomical Institute (1911).
As a surgeon, they share with Dr. Pablo Acosta Ortiz the glory of being one of the founders of modern surgery in Venezuela. The hospital Vargas was the scene par excellence of surgical performance, supported by the head teacher of the Clinical Surgery chair. In their extensive operating statistics, several surgical procedures stand out as being performed for the first time in the country. Razetti also introduced a multitude of techniques and the use of surgical instruments. Among their surgical literature stands their book, Lecciones y notas de cirugía clínica (1917), and their work about appendicitis, typhus intestinal perforations, eclampsia and the Cesarean operation. In 1911, they were the founder of the first private clinic established in Caracas for the caring for the sick and performing high surgery. Them brother, Ricardo Razetti was the design engineer and builder of the clinic, which is known to this day as "Policlina Luis Razetti".
As a teacher, they devoted themselves to teaching for more than half their life; imparting over sixteen years of teaching, they were the chair of the Anatomy Department and from 1914 until their death, Professor of Clinical Surgery. They also lectured in External Pathology and Operative Medicine and Obstetrics. In their grand scope of educational work and the outstanding number of disciples who were trained, they founded their own school in the Faculty of Medicine of the Universidad Central de Venezuela. In 1908, they served as rector of the Central University of Venezuela (he was vice rector in 1901) and in 1909, served as Senator by the state of Zulia. As medicine is a social function, they were an autodidactic hygienist in a time when the Ministry of Health and Welfare did not exist, conducting campaigns against alcoholism, tuberculosis, prostitution, Sexually transmitted diseases, infant mortality and cancer.
After General Juan Vicente Gómez's beloved son, Ali Gomez, died as one of the first victims of the Spanish flu pandemic, in 1918 Dr. Razetti created and presided over the Socorro Board of the Federal District. This board conducted a census of places where the epidemic was older, and they realized that poverty and lack of hygiene, in addition to malnutrition, contributed to the spread of the disease. They established hospitals in family homes, public places, on the corner of Castan, or on the corner of Maturin, which served as the Masonic lodge. Public gatherings and parties were banned, including that children stopped going to school and no masses were officiated in the churches. The bodies were counted by the hundreds, and the Southern General Cemetery was ordered to build numerous individual graves and a large common grave for the victims of the epidemic. Today that place is called "La Peste." Hospitals became morgues, especially the Caracas Vargas Hospital. Since early 1919, thanks to sanitary measures imposed by Razetti, the flu was kept in check and was reducing its virulence. This tragic episode demonstrated that Venezuela was not prepared for an epidemic of this magnitude, and that malnutrition and poverty are factors that contribute to the spread of the disease.
In 1924, they issued a report on excessive infant mortality that cost them nearly a year exile in Curaçao. Moreover, as a biologist, Luis Razetti disclosed essential tasks, since, together with Vicente Marcano, David Lobo, Elías Toro and Guillermo Delgado Palacios, they were part of the first waves of biological positivism in Venezuela. In 1904, they held an intense debate about the legitimacy of the doctrine of descent, which sparked backlash from some members of the scientific community and especially Dr. José Gregorio Hernández. La Doctrina de la Descendencia (The Doctrine of Descent, 1906) and ¿Que es la Vida? (What is Life?, 1907) are books they wrote as a result of this controversy. Perhaps they are, in that sense, the most controversial and edgy of Venezuelan doctors. Their name is also synonymous with the Code of Medical Ethics, published in 1928, which had a continental impact. The Cancer Institute of Caracas was named in their honor. Their publications, including Manual del antialcoholismo (The Temperance Crusade Manual) and Higiene social, La cruzada moderna (Social Health: The Modern Crusade, 1907), testify to their pioneering role.
References
Central University of Venezuela alumni
People from Caracas
1932 deaths
Venezuelan people of Italian descent
Venezuelan surgeons
1862 births
Burials at the National Pantheon of Venezuela
Thorgaut Island is the largest island in the northeast part of the Robinson Group, lying 7 nautical miles (13 km) northwest of Cape Daly, 4 nautical miles (7 km) east of Andersen Island, and 3 to 4 nautical miles (5 – 6 km) north-west of Kirton Island and Macklin Island, respectively, which are also part of the Robinson Group. Thorgaut island, and those near it, were sighted in 1931 by the crew of the Norwegian whale catcher names Thorgaut and Robinson, respectively, for the group. Having approved Robinson as the group name, Thorgaut Island has been approved for the most conspicuous of its features.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of Mac. Robertson Land
Leo T. Foley (October 25, 1928 – February 5, 2016) was an American politician who was a member of the Minnesota Senate representing District 49 from 1997 to 2003, and District 47 from 2003 to 2011, which includes portions of Anoka and Hennepin counties in the northern Twin Cities metropolitan area. A Democrat, they were first elected to the Senate in 1996, and was re-elected in 2000, 2002 and 2006. Prior to the 2002 legislative redistricting, the area was known as District 49. They were unseated by Republican Benjamin Kruse in the 2010 general election.
Senate leadership
Foley was a member of the Senate's Capital Investment Committee, the Finance Committee, and the Judiciary Committee. They also served on the Finance subcommittees for the Judiciary Budget Division (which they chaired), and for the Public Safety Budget Division. Their special legislative concerns included education, health care, crime prevention, the environment, transportation, and social services.
Professional career and education
Foley worked as a laborer for the Great Northern Railway from 1946 to 1947, then joined the United States Navy from 1947 to 1952, serving in the Korean War. They were a security officer at the Twin City Arsenal from 1952 to 1954, then became a member of the Minnesota State Patrol from 1954 to 1987. They attended the University of Minnesota and Metropolitan State University, earning their B.A. in public administration in 1974. They later attended Northwestern University and Minnesota State University, Mankato, earning a M.A. in public administration in 1979.
After retiring from the Minnesota State Patrol as a major in 1987, Foley worked as security manager for Unisys Corporation from 1987 to 1990. They were a deputy sheriff with the Anoka County Sheriff's Department from 1990 to 1992, then worked as a law clerk with the Anoka County Attorney's Office while earning their J.D. degree from William Mitchell College of Law in Saint Paul, which they received in 1994. From 1994 onwards they were an assistant county attorney for Anoka County.
Community service
Foley was active on government and community-based boards through the years. They chaired and was a member of the City of Anoka's Planning Commission from 1977 to 1997. They chaired and was a member of the Anoka Human Rights Commission from 1970 to 1996. They served as president of the Ramsey County Chiefs of Police organization, and was a member of the Minnesota State Advisory Council on Mental Health. They were a member of the American Bar Association and the Minnesota State Bar Association.
Death
Foley died on February 5, 2016, in Coon Rapids, Minnesota.
References
External links
Senator Foley Web Page
Minnesota Public Radio Votetracker: Senator Leo Foley
Project Vote Smart - Senator Leo Foley Profile
1928 births
2016 deaths
Minnesota state senators
Minnesota Democrats
People from Coon Rapids, Minnesota
University of Minnesota alumni
Metropolitan State University alumni
Northwestern University alumni
Minnesota State University, Mankato alumni
William Mitchell College of Law alumni
Minnesota lawyers
21st-century American politicians
20th-century American lawyers
Killing at Hell's Gate is a 1981 American TV movie.
Cast
Robert Urich
Deborah Raffin
Lee Purcell
Reception
The New York Times said "Much of the film is devoted to Mr. Urich as they try to bring the rafting party to safety. Periodically, there is romance. There is even some talk about the disappearing blue herons. But the driving force behind this adventure yarn is the scenery."
The Los Angeles Times called it a "routine adventure yarn" with a "good cast and suspenseful finale".
References
External links
Killing at Hell's Gate at BFI
Killing at Hell's Gate at Letterbox DVD
Killing at Hell's Gate at IMDb
1981 television films
American television films
Alexander Sachs (August 1, 1893 – June 23, 1973) was an American economist and banker. In October 1939 they delivered the Einstein–Szilárd letter to President Franklin D. Roosevelt, suggesting that nuclear-fission research ought to be pursued with a view to possibly constructing nuclear weapons, should they prove feasible, in view of the likelihood that Nazi Germany would do so. This led to the initiation of the United States' Manhattan Project.
Life and career
Born in Rossien, Lithuania, Sachs moved to the U.S. in 1904 to join their brother, Joseph A. Sachs, who was instrumental in their further education. They were educated at Townsend Harris High School in New York City, the City College of New York, and Columbia College. In 1913 they joined the municipal bond department at Boston-based investment bank Lee, Higginson & Co. but in 1915 returned to education as a graduate student in social sciences, philosophy, and jurisprudence at Harvard College. In later life, they were on the faculty at Princeton University.
Between 1918 and 1921 they were an aide to Justice Louis Brandeis and the Zionist Organization of America on international problems of the Middle East and the World War I peace conference.
From 1922 to 1929 they were economist and investment analyst for Walter Eugene Meyer in equity investment acquisitions. They then organized and became director of Economics Investment Research at the Lehman Corporation, a newly established investment company of Lehman Brothers. In 1931 they joined the board at Lehman. They were vice president from 1936 to 1943, remaining on the board until their death at the age of 79.
In 1933 Sachs served as organizer and chief of the economic research division of the National Recovery Administration. In 1936 they served on the National Policy Committee. During the war, they were a economic adviser to the Petroleum Industry War Council and special counsel to the director of the Office of Strategic Services.
They were knighted by the Queen of the United Kingdom and at the time of their death held the title of Sir Alexander Sachs.
They were married to the inventor Charlotte Cramer Sachs (1907–2004) and is survived by, among others, their nephew Paul S. Barr, M.D. of New York; and their nephew Zachary H. Sacks, an attorney in Los Angeles.
Atomic bomb
Robert Jungk describes Sachs's role in bringing to President Roosevelt's attention the possibility of an atomic bomb:
See also
Brighter than a Thousand Suns (book)
Notes
References
Robert Jungk, Brighter than a Thousand Suns: The Story of the Men Who Made The Bomb, translated [from the German] by James Cleugh, New York, Grove Press, 1958.
1893 births
1973 deaths
Lithuanian Jews
American people of Lithuanian-Jewish descent
American Zionists
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United States
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Harvard College alumni
American bankers
National Recovery Administration
People of the Office of Strategic Services
People from Raseiniai
Townsend Harris High School alumni
Economists from New York (state)
20th-century American economists
Wilding et al. v. DNC Services Corporation, et al., was a class action lawsuit filed in 2016 against the Democratic National Committee and Debbie Wasserman-Schultz. The plaintiffs, a group of Bernie Sanders supporters, claimed they have been defrauded in the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries.
Their suit was dismissed by Judge William Zloch of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida for lack of standing. The judge found that none of the plaintiffs had claimed to have donated to the DNC on the basis of promises contained in the DNC charter, and therefore the plaintiffs could not claim to have incurred damages. The court held that "To the extent Plaintiffs wish to air their general grievances with the DNC or its candidate selection process, their redress is through the ballot box, the DNC's internal workings, or their right of free speech — not through the judiciary."
In 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit, in a unanimous panel decision, held that the plaintiffs' complaint failed on a "number of jurisdictional and substantive grounds" and affirmed the dismissal. The court held that the plaintiffs' claims of fraud, negligent misrepresentation, consumer law violations, and unjust enrichment failed on the merits and directed those claims to be dismissed with prejudice. The court held that plaintiffs' claims of negligence and breach of fiduciary duty failed for lack of standing, and directed those claims to be dismissed without prejudice.
References
Class action lawsuits
Rickmers Glacier () is a glacier flowing into Hugi Glacier just northwest of Ezerets Knoll, on the west coast of Graham Land. Photographed by Hunting Aerosurveys Ltd. in 1955–57, and mapped from these photos by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS). Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1959 for W. Rickmer Rickmers, German pioneer exponent of skiing and joint author of the first English manual on skiing. They also improved the design of ice axes, introducing the characteristic shape still in use.
Glaciers of Graham Coast
Remsen Union Community School District is a public school district headquartered in Remsen, Iowa. The district is mostly in Plymouth County with a portion in Sioux County.
The district under the name, "MMCRU Schools", operates an elementary and middle school in Remsen, while the Marcus-Meriden-Cleghorn Community School District operates an elementary school and a high school in Marcus.
History
Circa 2014, the MMC and RU districts began negotiating over a grade-sharing agreement, but the talks ended in 2014 by mutual agreement. The two districts prepared for budget cuts. Greg Forbes of the Sioux City Journal wrote that "Residents of both districts have lobbied to keep their respective high schools." The two districts reached out to other potential grade-sharing parties in the meantime. By June 2015 the MMC and RU districts resumed talks, and the districts ultimately reached an agreement regarding the grade sharing.
In 2016, the districts began grade-sharing, and the two together operate under the name "MMCRU Schools". The "royals" were the chosen mascot. As part of the arrangement, both districts have their own elementary schools, with RU having a combined middle school and MMC with the combined high school. Breeanna Pearce of the Le Mars Daily Sentinel wrote that "nitially, the program met with some harsh criticism", and that there were fewer administrators, but that due to a successfully merging of operations, "MMCRU continues to gather support." The MMCRU is not yet legally a district.
Enrollment
References
External links
MMCRU Royals
School districts in Iowa
Education in Plymouth County, Iowa
Education in Sioux County, Iowa
Galina Yuryevna Skiba (; born 9 May 1984) is a Russian ice hockey forward. They most recently played with HC Tornado in the 2020–21 season of the Zhenskaya Hockey League (ZhHL).
International career
Skiba was selected for the Russian women's national ice hockey team in the 2006 and 2014 Winter Olympics. In 2006, they had one assist in five games, and in 2014, they played in all six games, scoring a pair of goals.
As of 2014, Skiba has also appeared for Russia at six IIHF Women's World Championships. Them first appearance came in 2005. They won a bronze medal as a part of the team in 2013 and 2016.
In December 2017, they and seven other Russian hockey players were sanctioned for doping and their results from the women's ice hockey tournament at the 2014 Winter Olympics were disqualified as part of the Oswald Commission. All of the sanctioned players appealed the decision and disqualifications were annulled in five cases; however, sanctions were upheld for Skiba, Inna Dyubanok, and Anna Shibanova.
Career statistics
International career
Through 2013–14 season
References
External links
1984 births
Sportspeople from Kharkiv
Living people
Olympic ice hockey players of Russia
Ice hockey players at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Russian women's ice hockey forwards
Doping cases in ice hockey
Russian sportspeople in doping cases
Sportspeople banned for life
HC Tornado players
Reeth Abraham is an athlete from Bengaluru, India and former Asian medalist in long jump and 100 meters hurdles and the former national champion in heptathlon. They won the Arjuna Award in 1997 and the Rajyotsava Award in 1983. Reeth had a long athletic career spanning over 15 years (1976–1992). At the national level championships, they won 16 Gold and 11 Silver medals.
Reeth is an active athlete and competes regularly in the World Masters events and won medals.  They are the current World and Asian Masters Champion in Triple Jump in their age category.  They are the joint convenor of Clean Sports India.  They are very active in promoting fitness among people and active lifestyles. They actively promote various running events and Marathons in India. They have been the Brand Ambassador of Bengaluru's only Marathon - Shriram Properties Bengaluru Marathon since 2014.  They are the Director of NEB Sports Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
Personal life
Reeth hails from Mysore and took to sport at the age of 12. They studied at Christ the King Convent, Mysore which encourage sports immensely. They were a kho kho, basketball and throw ball player in addition to athletics at the university or state level. They subsequently decided to focus on athletics. They studied at Maharani college in Bangalore. They have four sisters who too were prolific sportspersons and have represented their respective universities, state and country in various sports fields.
They have two children Shilka and Shamir.
Career
During the course of their long athletic career spanning over 15 years (1976–1992), Reeth represented Karnataka State and India on a number of occasions, setting records along the way. All their achievements were the result of their dedication, application and sense of discipline.
National events
At national level championships, Reeth in all won 16 Gold and 11 Silver medals. In the National games, they won the numerous medals in the heptathlon from 1983 to 1987 (except the year 1985). They took to 100 meters hurdles and long jump after 1988 and went on to excel in them too at the national level. They hold to their credit of being a national champion in three events namely heptathlon, 100 meters hurdles and long jump and achieving national records in the long jump and heptathlon.
Them best achievement was as a mother when they won a national championship within 10 months of giving birth.
International events
At International level, they brought accolades to India by winning a number of international medals. They participated in two Asian Games, three Asian Track & Field Championships and two South Asian Games. In all, they won 3 Gold and 1 Silver at the South Asian Games in 1989 (Islamabad) and 1991 (Colombo) in long jump and 100 meter hurdles. They also held the South Asian games record in long jump.
 They are also the first Indian mother to break a national record and the South Asian Games record. They also hold to their credit being the first Asian woman to win an Asian medal in an Individual event as a mother.
Masters events
Reeth is still an active athlete and competes regularly in the World Masters Athletics Championships meant for athletes over 35 years. They have participated and won medals in the World Masters events in 2003 (Carolina, Puerto Rico), 2011 (Sacramento, United States) and 2013 (Porto Alegre, Brazil) in various events.
In 2003, at Carolina, Puerto Rico they won the bronze medal in the Long Jump in the W40 category. In 2011, at Sacramento, Reeth won the silver medal for Long jump and the silver medal for Triple jump in the W45 category. In 2011, at Port Alegre, they won the bronze medal for Long jump in the W50 category.
Other activities
Reeth along with Sunil Abraham started the "SURE" athletic initiative in 1983. It was an organization to coach, support and promote budding athletes.
 They are very active in promoting fitness among people and active lifestyles. They actively promote various running events and Marathons in India.
Reeth is one of the coaches at the Nike Run Club in Bangalore. This is an initiative to encourage ordinary people to take up running.
Awards and honours
1983: Rajyotsava Award (The Highest State Award)
1990: Dasara Award (State Award)
1997: Arjuna Award
1999: Indian Banks Association Award for outstanding Achievements
1999: Rotary Award for contribution to Athletics
1999: Lions Award for contribution to Athletics
2018:
Clean Sports India
In June 2010, Reeth along with Ashwini Nachappa, Vandana Shanbagh, Sunita Godara, Vandana Rao and other accomplished athletes and sports enthusiasts co-founded Clean Sports India, an organization with the objective to encourage sportspersons to get into sports administration at national, state and local levels and also to rid sports from the menace of drugs.
 They are currently the joint convenor of Clean Sports India.
See also
List of Indian women athletes
References
External links
1960s births
Living people
Indian female long jumpers
Indian female hurdlers
20th-century Indian women
20th-century Indian people
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
Kodava people
Sportspeople from Mysore
Athletes from Bangalore
Sportswomen from Karnataka
South Asian Games gold medalists for India
South Asian Games medalists in athletics
Structured English is the use of the English language with the syntax of structured programming to communicate the design of a computer program to non-technical users by breaking it down into logical steps using straightforward English words. Structured English gives aims to get the benefits of both the programming logic and natural language: program logic helps to attain precision, whilst natural language helps with the familiarity of the spoken word.
It is the basis of some programming languages such as SQL (Structured Query Language) "for use by people who have need for interaction with a large database but who are not trained programmers".
Elements
Structured English is a limited-form "pseudocode" and consists of the following elements:
Operation statements written as English phrases executed from the top down
Conditional blocks indicated by keywords such as IF, THEN, and ELSE
Repetition blocks indicated by keywords such as DO, WHILE, and UNTIL
The following guidelines are used when writing Structured English:
All logic should be expressed in operational, conditional, and repetition blocks
Statements should be clear and unambiguous
Logical blocks should be indented to show relationship and hierarchy
Use one line per logical element, or indent the continuation line
Keywords should be capitalized
Group blocks of statements together, with a capitalized name that describes their function and end with an EXIT.
Underline words or phrases defined in a data dictionary
Mark comment lines with an asterisk
Example of Structured English
APPROVE LOAN
IF customer has a Bank Account THEN
IF Customer has no dues from previous account THEN
Allow loan facility
ELSE
IF Management Approval is obtained THEN
Allow loan facility
ELSE
Reject
ENDIF
ENDIF
ELSE
Reject
ENDIF
EXIT
Criticism
Though useful for planning programs, modules and routines, or describing algorithms it is less useful when numerous decisions need to be made.
Other specification tools
System processes at a lower level involve a lot of computations and require more precision and clarity. This can be achieved with tools such as decision trees or decision tables.
See also
Natural language programming
Self-documenting code
Structured programming
Pseudocode
Decision tree
Decision table
Attempto Controlled English
References
Algorithm description languages
FDS may refer to:
Business
Sarajevo Tobacco Factory (Bosnian: ), a Bosnian tobacco company
FactSet, an American financial data company
Federated Department Stores, now Macy's, an American retailer
Ferrovie della Sardegna, an Italian railway company
Computing
Famicom Disk System (Family Computer Disk System), a video game console add-on
Functional Design Specification, a type of requirements document
Fire Dynamics Simulator, modelling software
Politics
Democratic Social Front (Portuguese: ), a political party in Guinea-Bissau
Federation of the Left (Italian: ), a political coalition in Italy
Force of the South (Italian: ), a defunct political party in Italy
Salvadoran Democratic Front (Spanish: ), a political organization active during the Salvadoran Civil War
Sankarist Democratic Front (French: ), a political party in Burkina Faso
Other
Formerly Used Defense Sites, properties that were under the jurisdiction of the United States Secretary of Defense
FDS Intimate + Body, a feminine deodorant spray
See also
FD (disambiguation)
Keyhole (KH) is the designation for a series of American optical reconnaissance satellites:
KH-1 Corona
KH-2 Corona
KH-3 Corona
KH-4 Corona
KH-5 Argon
KH-6 Lanyard
KH-7 Gambit
KH-8 Gambit 3
KH-9 Hexagon/Big Bird
KH-10 Dorian/Manned Orbiting Laboratory
KH-11 Crystal/Kennan
KH-12 Improved Crystal/Ikon/Advanced Kennan
KH-13 (unofficial designation, sometimes applied to Enhanced Imaging System or Misty)
Christopher Sandford (born 1 July 1956) is an English journalist and biographer. They primarily write about film and music, as well as cricket, their sport of preference.
Life and career
Sandford was born in England, the son of Sefton Sandford, a senior British naval officer. They spent their childhood partly in the Soviet Union, where their father served as senior military attaché in the British Embassy, and partly in the United Kingdom. They were educated at Radley College and Fitzwilliam College, Cambridge, where they obtained a master's degree in history in 1977. They began their career as a journalist in London that same year.
They live in Seattle and London. Apart from their biographies, histories, novels and other books, they have written prolifically for newspapers and magazines in the US and the UK. Their book The Final Innings: The Cricketers of Summer 1939 was joint winner of The Cricket Society/MCC Book of the Year award for 2020.
Books
The Cornhill Centenary Test 1981
Feasting with Panthers 1983 (novel)
Arcadian 1985 (novel)
We Don't Do Dogs 1988 (novel)
Godfrey Evans: A Biography 1990
Tom Graveney: The Biography 1992
Mick Jagger: Primitive Cool 1994
Bowie: Loving the Alien 1998
Sting: Demolition Man 1998
Springsteen: Point Blank 1999
Clapton: Edge of Darkness 1999
McQueen: The Biography 2001
Keith Richards: Satisfaction 2004
Paul McCartney 2006
Imran Khan: The Cricketer, the Celebrity, the Politician 2009
Polanski: A Biography 2009
Masters of Mystery: The Strange Friendship of Arthur Conan Doyle and Harry Houdini 2011
The Rolling Stones: Fifty Years 2012
Kurt Cobain 2013
The Final Over: The Cricketers of Summer 1914 2015
Harold and Jack: The Remarkable Friendship of Prime Minister Macmillan and President Kennedy 2015
Mick Jagger: Rebel Knight 2016
The Man Who Would Be Sherlock: The Real Life Adventures of Arthur Conan Doyle 2017
Union Jack: John F. Kennedy's Special Relationship with Great Britain 2018
Zeebrugge: The Greatest Raid of All 2018
The Final Innings: The Cricketers of Summer 1939 2019
Keeper of Style: John Murray: The King of Lord's 2019
Victor Lustig: The Man Who Conned the World 2021
Laker and Lock: The Story of Cricket's "Spin Twins" 2022
References
1956 births
Living people
People educated at Radley College
Alumni of Fitzwilliam College, Cambridge
English journalists
Cricket historians and writers
English biographers
Kidston Dam also known as Copperfield Dam is a dam in Lyndhurst, Shire of Etheridge, Queensland, Australia. It is approximately north of Hughenden and was built for the Kidston Gold Mine. The mine closed July 2001. The lake created by the dam has a capacity of .
History
This storage and associated pipeline was built to provide water to the Kidston Goldmine in the early 1980s on the Copperfield River, a tributary of the Einasleigh River in the Gilbert River catchment. The dam was one of the first dams built in Australia using the roller compacted concrete technique.
At the closure of the mine in 2001, the dam was handed back to the Queensland Government and is owned/ managed by the Queensland Department of Energy and Water Supply (DEWS). Downstream properties receive water via a pipeline which was built to supply the mine and associated township. There is also a local arrangement to release water (towards the end of winter) to fill downstream waterholes. This allows riparian properties access to water for stock and domestic use until the coming wet season.
Kidston Pumped Storage Project
The Kidston Solar Project is a solar farm on the former mine's tailings heap. It has been generating electricity into the National Electricity Market (NEM) since December 2017, and the Kidston Dam is suggested to supply pumped storage hydroelectricity for matching supply and demand between solar farm and grid. The project was upgraded to solar and pumped storage, at an expected cost of $330 million in 2017. The project signed a 10-year power purchase agreement with EnergyAustralia in 2020, backed by a $610 million loan from the Northern Australia Infrastructure Facility, and a $47 million grant from the Australian Renewable Energy Agency. Completion is expected by 2024 at a cost of A$777 million. A 186 kilometre single-circuit transmission line from Kidston to Mount Fox. Construction began in 2021.
The upper reservoir for the Kidston Pumped Storage Project holds 3.75 mn cubic meters of water as active storage, and 1.03 mn cubic meters as extended storage. The lower reservoir holds 3.25 mn cubic meters of water as active storage, and 1.5 mn cubic meters as extended storage. There is an average drop of 200 meters between the two reservoirs, ranging from 181m to 218m.
Fishing
The area is popular with recreational fisherman. In recent years the dam has seen an exponential growth in the redclaw population.
Access for fishing boats is via a steep dirt and rock boat ramp next to the dam wall. In 2017, DEWS installed 14 safety warning sign buoys, approximately off the dam wall, to alert waterway users of the danger of overtopping the overflow spillway.
See also
List of dams and reservoirs in Australia
References
External links
Natural Resources and Water
Australian Natural Resources Atlas
Reservoirs in Queensland
Dams completed in 2001
North West Queensland
Dams in Queensland
Luís Gomes da Mata was a Portuguese nobleman and the 7th High-Courier of the Kingdom of Portugal.
See also
Luís Gomes da Mata Coronel
Duarte de Sousa da Mata Coutinho
Correio-Mor Palace
Palace of the Counts of Penafiel
High-Courier of the Kingdom of Portugal
Portuguese nobility
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Haskell School is a historic school building located at Troy in Rensselaer County, New York. It was built in 1894 and is a "T"-shaped, three stories, red brick building on an elevated limestone basement in the Renaissance Revival style. It has a flat roof with a massive metal cornice. It features a majestic front entrance with a gated arch rising two stories over a tiled vestibule. The arch includes the inscription "Haskell School" in a terra cotta frieze. It was used as a school until 1975, then converted to apartments after 1977.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
The former Haskell School, a three-story brick building that has been empty for much of the last 45 years, has a new owner. In May 2020, the building was purchased by an investor, ST8 Realty and Development, led by Dillon Nash, intent on converting the building into 20 residential apartments. “This building was once a community cornerstone, and we're focused on making sure its best days are still ahead. This neighborhood has so much history and we're here to support its revitalization. Haskell is finally in the right hands.”
References
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Renaissance Revival architecture in New York (state)
School buildings completed in 1894
Buildings and structures in Rensselaer County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Troy, New York
The 2018–19 Liga II was the 6th season, since its reintroduction in 2013, of the second level women's football league of the Romanian football league system. 16 teams divided in 2 series played in the competition that consisted of a double round-robin lasting 14 stages, totaling 112 matches. In addition, a two-legged play-off was played to determine one more promoted team at the end of the season, since CFR Timișoara withdrew from Liga I and vacated a place.
Team changes
To Liga II
Promoted from Liga III
Vulpițele Galbene Roman (winners of 2017–18 Liga III, Seria I)
Banat Girls Reșița (winners of 2017–18 Liga III, Seria II)
Venus Maramureș (4th place in 2017–18 Liga III, Seria II)
Relegated from Liga I
Luceafărul Filiași (took over the place of Liga I relegated team Real Craiova, 10th place in the 2017–18 Liga I)
From Liga II
Promoted to Liga I
FC Universitatea Galați (winners of 2017–18 Liga II, Seria I)
Independența Baia Mare (winners of 2017–18 Liga II, Seria II)
Relegated to Liga III
Luceafărul 2 Filiași (took over the place of Real 2 Craiova, 6th place in the 2017–18 Liga II, Seria II, but transferred to Liga III as two teams from the same club cannot play in the same league)
Disbanded
Armonia Dolhești (7th place in 2017–18 Liga I, Seria I)
Excluded and spared teams
Armonia Dolhești was disbanded in the summer of 2018, so Viitorul Reghin (8th place in 2017–18 Liga II, Seria I) was spared from relegation.
Luceafărul Filiași took over Real Craiova's spot after its relegation from 2017–18 Liga I, although some viewed it as just a name change. The move was possible by disaffiliating the old Real Craiova club and transferring the senior team components to Luceafărul Filiași Sport School, along with their club president, local politician Fănel Văduva. As such, the first squad was able to continue in Liga II, as they relegated at the end of the 2017–18 Liga I, thus they were not required to start in Liga III as it happens with new teams. Consequently, the spot of Real 2 Craiova, which was taken over by Luceafărul 2 Filiași was transferred to Liga III, as two teams from the same club cannot play in the same league.
Teams
Seria I
Seria II
League tables and Results
Seria I League table
Seria II League table
Promotion Play-off
The second best placed team in Seria I face the second best placed team in Seria II (excluding second teams of Liga I club) to decide the last promoted club to 2019-20 Liga I, after CFR Timișoara withdrew during the 2018–19 Liga I season, and vacated a spot.
References
External links
Official site
Rom
Fem
Women's football in Romania
Operation Doppelschlag ("Double Blow") was a plan for a sortie in 1942 during the Second World War into the Arctic Ocean by the . The operation followed Operation Rösselsprung, against Convoy PQ 17 in July 1942 to attack convoy PQ 18 the next Arctic convoy of the Western Allies.
Background
Following the disastrous passage of convoy PQ 17, the was keen to repeat the blow against any further Allied convoys, to choke off the supply route to the Soviet Union to assist German military operations. To this end they planned a similar evolution in order to bring a strong force of capital ships and destroyers against the next supply convoy to destroy it. The commanders of the surface forces were disappointed they had been unable to take a more active part in the attack on PQ 17 and were determined to do better next time.
The Allies wished to avoid running another convoy in the continuous daylight of the Arctic summer and deferred passage of PQ 18 until later in the year. Thus the German forces spent over two months at readiness before PQ 18 sailed in early September 1942.
Planning
In its early stage resembled in that the forces involved would wait in readiness at their bases until a convoy was detected, whilst a patrol line of U-boats (code-named "Ice Palace") was stationed in the Norwegian Sea to give early warning of any convoys approach.
Once the convoy was detected the ships would sail north to Altafjord, to await the order to sortie and attack. The extreme sensitivity to the possibility of losing a capital ship in an engagement with the Allied fleet meant that only Hitler could give permission for the second stage, the sortie into the Barents Sea. Once out the ships would divide into two battle groups, to attack the convoy from different sides. It was envisaged that the first group would engage and draw off any heavy units with the convoy, while the second would attack the merchant ships without serious opposition. It was this intended "double blow" that inspired the operational name.
The forces intended to take part in the operation were the , , and six destroyers. Other German capital ships based in Norway, and were unavailable for the operation as both had been undergoing repairs since the end of .
Operation
PQ 18 sailed from Iceland on 7 September 1942. It was sighted on 8 September by a long-range aircraft, and again on 10 September by an "Ice Palace" U-boat. On 10 September, the ships of operation left harbour at Narvik to move north to Altenfjord. In this they were sighted by patrolling British submarines and one, Tigris mounted an attack, though without success. The ships arrived at Altenfjord early the following day.
From this point the commanders, Vice-Admiral Oskar Kummetz in Scheer, and Vice Admiral Otto Ciliax ashore, pressed for permission to sortie but Hitler's insistence that no damage should befall the ships so restricted their freedom of action that Admiral Erich Raeder, the Navy's supreme commander, cancelled the operation.
Thus the attack on PQ 18 was left to the end the U-boat arm.
Aftermath
The German surface fleet had little effect on the passage of PQ 18, though the potential threat it posed had forced a heavy commitment of Allied vessels as escort. The next opportunity for an attack by German surface ships would come in December, when Operation Regenbogen, following a similar plan to , was mounted against Convoy JW 51B. This would result in the Battle of the Barents Sea.
Footnotes
Bibliography
Clay Blair. (1996). Hitler's U-Boat War Vol I.
Paul Kemp. (1993). Convoy! Drama in Arctic Waters.
Bernard Schofield. (1964). The Russian Convoys. ISBN (none)
Peter Smith. (1975). Arctic Victory: The Story of Convoy PQ 18.
Arctic naval operations of World War II
Arctic convoys of World War II
Stires is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ernest M. Stires (1866–1951), American Episcopal bishop
Ernie Stires (1925–2008), American composer, musician
Gat Stires (1849–1933), American baseball player
Shanele Stires (born 1972), American basketball player & coach
Jormundgand is Helheim's debut full-length album, released in 1995. The limited LP version has alternative artwork. The CD version has a bonus track "Galder". Female vocals are performed by Mailin.
Track listing
All Lyrics By Vanargandr. All Music As Noted.
"Jormundgand" – 7:48 (Hrimgrimnir)
"Vigrids Vård " – 8:16 (Vanargandr)
"Nidr ok Nordr liggr Helvegr" – 4:28 (Vanargandr)
"Gravlagt I Eljudne" – 8:47 (Hrimgrimnir)
"Svart Visdom" – 9:08 (Hrimgrimnir)
"Jotnevandring" – 2:27 (Hrymr)
"Nattravnens Tokt" - 5:10 (Vanargandr)
"Galder" – 3:16
Personnel
Helheim
Hrimgrimnir: guitars, vocal
Vanargandr: bass, vocals
Hrmyr: drums, percussion, keyboards, synthesizers, programming
Additional Musicians
Knut Futhark: Jew's harp
Thomas Krokeide: trumpet
Mailin: female vocals
References
Helheim (band) albums
1995 albums
The respiratory system of the horse is the biological system by which a horse circulates air for the purpose of gaseous exchange.
Anatomy
The respiratory system begins with the nares, commonly known as the nostrils, which can expand greatly during intense exercise. The nostrils have an outer ring made of cartilage (the alar cartilage), which serves to hold them open during inhalation. Additionally, a small pocket within them, called the nasal diverticulum, filters debris with the help of the hairs lining the inner nostril. The nasal cavity contains the nasolacrimal duct, which drains tears from the eyes and out the nose.
The nasal passages contain two conchae on either side, which help to increase the surface area to which the air is exposed. Additionally, the sinuses within the skull are able to drain through the nasal passage. The nasal passage joins to the larynx via the pharynx. The pharynx is about long in an adult, and includes the nasopharynx, which protect the entrance to the auditory tubes, the oropharynx, which contains tonsillar tissue, and the laryngopharynx.
In parallel to the main nasal passages, the horse has a complex system of paranasal sinuses - air filled spaces within the head which communicate with the respiratory tract, and serve to reduce the weight of the head. These consist of:
Frontal sinuses: occupy the dorsal (top) part of the skull, between the eyes. There are two, one on each side, divided by a bony septum. This communicates with the inside of the conchae, forming the concho-frontal sinuses. Drainage into the nasal passages is via the caudal maxillary sinus.
Maxillary sinuses: within the maxilla, above the tooth roots. Each is divided into two components, the rostral maxillary sinus in front and the caudal maxillary sinus behind. They do not communicate. In addition, each of these is subdivided into a medial (inside) and lateral (outside) component, by an incomplete bone wall that carries the infraorbital canal containing nerves and blood vessels. The close proximity to the tooth roots mean that as the teeth erupt with age, the maxillary sinuses become larger.
Sphenopalatine sinuses: within the palatine and sphenoid bones, these connect to the caudal maxillary sinus.
A flap of tissue called the soft palate blocks off the pharynx from the mouth (oral cavity) of the horse, except when swallowing. This helps to prevent the horse from inhaling food, but does not allow use of the mouth to breathe when in respiratory distress, a horse can only breathe through its nostrils. For this same reason, horses also cannot pant as a method of thermoregulation.
The genus Equus has a unique part of the respiratory system called the guttural pouch, which is thought to equalize air pressure on the tympanic membrane. These (left and right, separated by a narrow septum) is located in "Vyborg's triangle", between the mandibles but below the occiput. With a capacity of 300 to 500 ml, it fills with air when the horse swallows or exhales.
The larynx lies between the pharynx and the trachea, and is made up of 5 pieces of cartilage which serve to open the glottis. The larynx not only allows the horse to vocalize, but also prevents aspiration of food and helps to control the volume of air inhaled. The trachea is the tube which carries air from the oral cavity and into the lungs, and is about in length in the adult. It is held permanently open by 50–60 "C"-shaped rings of cartilage, in diameter.
At the bifurcation of the trachea, there are two bronchi, the right of which is slightly larger in size. The bronchi then branch into smaller bronchioles, which in turn branch off into smaller bronchioles until they reach the alveoli (which absorb oxygen from the air and releases the carbon dioxide waste). The bronchi and bronchioles are all held within the lungs of the horse, which is located in the animal's thoracic cavity. The lung is made up of a spongy, but very stretchy, material which has 2 lobes on the right and left side (a smaller, apical lobe and a large, caudal lobe) in addition to the accessory lobe. Blood is carried into the lungs via the pulmonary artery, where it is oxygenated at the alveoli and then returned to the heart by the pulmonary veins.
The lungs are expanded with the help of the diaphragm, a muscular sheet of tissue which contracts away from the thoracic cavity, thereby decreasing the pressure and pulling air into the lungs. When fully expanded, the lungs can reach to the 16th rib of the horse.
Respiration rate of the horse
An adult horse has an average rate of respiration at rest of 12 to 24 breaths per minute. Young foals have higher resting respiratory rates than adult horses, usually 36 to 40 breaths per minute. Heat and humidity can raise the respiration rate considerably, especially if the horse has a dark coat and is in the sun. The respiration will often change if the horse becomes excited or distressed, and can therefore be useful in determining the health of the animal.
At the gallop, the horse breathes in rhythm with every stride: as the abdominal muscles pull the hind legs forward in the "suspension phase" of the gallop, the organs within the abdominal cavity are pushed backward from the diaphragm, thereby bringing air into the lungs and causing the horse to inhale. As the neck is lowered during the extended phase of the gallop, the hind legs move backward and the gut contents shift forwards, pushing into the diaphragm and forcing air out of the lungs.
Ability to smell
The horse's olfactory receptors are located in the mucosa of the upper nasal cavity. Due to the length of the nasal cavity, there is a large area of these receptors, and the horse has a better ability to smell than a human. Additionally, the horse also has a vomeronasal organ, or Jacobson's Organ, which is in the hard palate, and is able to pick up pheromones and other scents when a horse exhibits the flehmen response. The flehmen response forces air through slits in the nasal cavity and into the vomeronasal organ. Unlike many other animals, the horse's Jacobson's Organ doesn't open into the oral cavity.
Respiratory diseases
Influenza
Left Recurrent Laryngeal Hemiplegia ("Roaring")
Recurrent airway obstruction ("Heaves"), akin to COPD or emphysema in humans.
Strangles (Streptococcus equi infection)
Rhinopneumonitis
Exercise induced pulmonary hemorrhage
Equine nasal cysts
Ethmoid hematoma
Nasal polyps
Bacterial sinusitis (Empyema)
Bacterial pleuropneumonia
Dorsal displacement of the soft palate
Silicosis
External links
The Horse: The Airways and the Lungs
Respiratory Problems
References
Horse anatomy
Respiratory system
Yakuphasan, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Ann C. Palmenberg is a professor of virology and biochemistry at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. They received their B.S. from St. Lawrence University and their Ph.D. from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Dr. Palmenberg has been given numerous awards for their research and involvement within the scientific community, such as Fellow for the American Academy of Microbiology. News articles have been published about their work within virology, including an article in the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel on their findings on the common cold.
Leadership & Service
Reviewer for Journal of Virology, Archives of Virology, Virology, Cell, Journal of Molecular Biology, EMBO Journal, PNAS, Science, Nature, Virus Research, and Biochemistry journals from 1975–Present
Awards
Ann Palmenberg has received several awards within the science community for their achievements, including the following:
Made a Fellow of the American Academy of Microbiology in 2009
Elected as President for the American Society for Virology in 2007
Awarded the Distinguished Scientist Award from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln in 2006
Awarded an American Society for Virology Lifetime Membership in 2001
Elected Chair for the Institute of Molecular Virology at the University of Wisconsin-Madison from 1997-2013
Awarded the WARF Faculty Mid-Career Award from the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 1997
Awarded the Vilas Associate Award from the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 1996
Awarded the H.I. Romnes Faculty Research Award from the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 1991
Awarded the Pound Research Award from the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 1990
Awarded the Distinguished Scientist Award from the Waksman Institute of Rutgers University in 1989
Commended by Pan American Foot-and-Mouth Disease Center for Work in the Control and Eradication Programs in South America in 1988
Publications
The following are the most notable of their 93 publications for which Ann Palmenberg has been a major contributor.
The Atomic Structure of Mengo Virus at 3.0 A Resolution
Proteolytic Processing of Picornaviral Polyprotein
Sequencing and Analyses of All Known Human Rhinovirus Genomes Reveal Structure and Evolution
Sequence and Structural Elements that Contribute to Efficient Encephalomyocarditis Virus RNA Translation
The Nucleotide and Deduced Amino Acid sequences of the Encephalomyocarditis Viral Polyprotein Coding Region
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American virologists
American microbiologists
Women microbiologists
University of Wisconsin–Madison faculty
St. Lawrence University alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
Scientists from New York (state)
The National Theater is a historic theater in Richmond, Virginia. Part of a city block along the 700 block of Broad Street once known as Theatre Row, it is the only surviving auditorium of the row (the others now exist in facade only).
The National Theater was built in 1923, originally staging both live entertainment (such as vaudeville shows) as well as motion-pictures. In 1968, it was converted into a dedicated cinema, which closed on September 5, 1983.
Restored and reopened in 2008 by RIC Capital Ventures, the theater, operating as The National, is used as a performing arts and music venue. In 2014, the venue was acquired by AEG Live.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 and is located in the Grace Street Commercial Historic District.
References
External links
Official website
National Register of Historic Places in Richmond, Virginia
Renaissance Revival architecture in Virginia
Theatres completed in 1923
Theatres on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
1923 establishments in Virginia
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in Virginia
Zykov Konets () is a rural locality (a village) in Moseyevskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 5 as of 2002.
Geography
Zykov Konets is located 30 km northwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kholkin Konets is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Woodside Township may refer to the following townships in the United States:
Woodside Township, Sangamon County, Illinois
Woodside Township, Otter Tail County, Minnesota
Woodside Township, Polk County, Minnesota
Woodside Township, New Jersey
15 Exitos Rancheros, Vol. 2 is the second compilation album by Al Hurricane, Al Hurricane, Jr., & Tiny Morrie. It is the fifteenth album released by the New Mexican musician Al Hurricane in 1994.
Track listing
References
Al Hurricane albums
New Mexico music albums
Sweet Revenge is the fourth and final studio album of the English 1970's post-punk band Generation X, though it was chronologically their third recorded album.
Generation X broke up during the original 1979 studio sessions that the record comprises, which were little more than demo sessions made without a producer. The material first received commercial release in contested circumstances retrospectively in 1998.
Production
Most of the songs on the record were composed and initially rehearsed in a house in the English county of Oxfordshire in the first half of 1979, rented by the band for the purpose of working together secluded from distractions to assemble what was intended to be its third LP. During this period Generation X was looking for a new sound after the commercial failure of its second LP, Valley of the Dolls at the start of the year, and the new material was written with the intention of getting back to elemental song-writing, with more space musically in song construction. Billy Idol, the band's frontman/singer, did not enjoy the experience of working in the pastoral surroundings of the Oxfordshire countryside, and was unhappy with the quality of much of the material that it produced.
The record was demoed recorded at the Olympic Studios in Barnes in early 1979 with the studio's in-house engineer Doug Bennett, with Idol and Tony James acting as producers. Further recording work was done at the same studio in July/August 1979, the latter sessions seeing the writing at the studio of the song 'Dancing with Myself', which was regarded as an important event by Idol and James, the band's songwriters, as the song revealed a dynamic new dance-punk sound that they had been searching for since the failure of the band's second LP (a sound which would subsequently provide the foundation of Idol's solo career in the 1980s).
The LP was never finished due to Generation X breaking up in acrimony at the end of 1979 whilst it was still a work in progress. Idol and James went on in 1980 to relaunch the act under the new name of Gen X, salvaging several songs from the aborted recording sessions at Olympic Studios, and incorporating them into a new long-player release entitled Kiss Me Deadly (1981).
Release & formats
The original 1979 recordings were first released retrospectively as an LP via the labels 'Empty Records' and 'Munster Records' in Europe in 1998. It was released via legal contractual obligation without the consent of Billy Idol or Tony James - the material's composers, and in the face of opposition from Idol, who believed the material it contained was unfit for the commercial market. The studio recording tapes that composed the first release came from Derwood Andrews, Generation X's former guitarist, who had parted company with Idol and James on bad terms at the time of the original recording sessions. Knowing there was opposition to the release of the material from Idol and James, Andrews named the album K.M.D. - Sweet Revenge (1998) referencing the subsequent LP Kiss Me Deadly which Idol & James had gone on to produce after they had left the band with a re-branded act and new personnel. An attempt to release 'K.M.D. - Sweet Revenge' in the United States was successfully legally blocked. A USA release of the same material from another audio source was issued four years later with Idol and James' consent as a part of the Generation X retrospective Anthology (2003).
An expanded reissue LP entitled K.M.D. – Sweet Revenge Xtra (2004) was released in Japan, as a part of the "Derwood Andrews' tapes", without Idol & James' approval, featuring alternate mixes, this record also contains different studio variations of the songs "Rock On" and "Your Generation," together with two live songs recorded at a gig in December 1978.
Track listing
K.M.D. - Sweet Revenge (1998 Empty Records (MT-421))
K.M.D. - Sweet Revenge Xtra (2004 Revel Yell Music (RYCD019))
Notes
(*) Recorded at T.W.Sounds, Fulham and mixed by Alan Winstanley. These two tracks were out-takes from the band's first album.
(**) Recorded live in Sheffield, England on 8 December 1978. These two tracks are lifted from Live at Sheffield.
Personnel
Generation X
Billy Idol - vocals
Tony James - bass
Bob "Derwood" Andrews - guitar
Mark Laff - drums
References
1998 albums
Generation X (band) albums
BriSCA Formula 2 Stock Cars is a class of single seater auto racing in the UK. Cars are custom-built and race on oval tracks of either shale or tarmac of up to a quarter-mile in length. The tracks they race on are surrounded by either steel plate or post and wire fences to keep the cars on the track. Racing involves contact, drivers are allowed to push, punt or spin fellow competitors out of the way. The cars are very strong and are of an open wheel design, but are designed with the contact element in mind, with front and rear bumpers and a sturdy chassis and roll cage.
History
BriSCA F2 Stock Car racing was introduced in a demonstration meeting at Tamworth in August 1960. Initially named ‘Junior Tens', the formula was designed to be a cheaper option to Senior Stock Cars, now BriSCA Formula 1 Stock Cars. The first full season of competitive racing began in 1961. ‘Junior Tens' became ‘Juniors' and then eventually ‘BriSCA Formula 2'.
The formula grew very quickly in the 1960s, with race meetings held in many different parts of the UK. The south west became a particular stronghold of the sport. In the present day, there are over 200 race meetings each season, and over 600 registered drivers.
Cars
A modern BriSCA F2 is a purpose-built race car with front engine, rear-wheel drive, and open-wheeled with the driver located centrally. Cars make use of an aerofoil mounted on top of the roof that is similar to those found on American Sprint cars. Cars are normally powered by a 2-litre 8 valve Ford Pinto engines, or a Ford Zetec engine, which is the more popular choice being the faster engine.
Some drivers use two separate cars; one will be set up primarily for use on shale or dirt ovals, while the other car will be set up for tarmac, concrete or asphalt ovals; however a few drivers with limited budgets may optimise just one vehicle for both surface types, changing various components and set up for each different track and surface.
Races
BriSCA F2 Stock Car races are normally held on short oval tracks, either tarmac or shale. The number of drivers per race is usually between 20 and 30 cars. Contact is allowed, and drivers push opponents from the racing line in order to pass. Deliberate fencing and following-in is not allowed.
Each driver is graded according to past results, their roofs painted accordingly: red aerofoils with amber flashing lights are known as 'superstar' grade drivers; then red, blue, yellow and white. The lowest grade drivers (white) start each race at the front of the field, while superstar drivers start each race from the rear of the field. Championship winners are also designated specific roof colours: gold for the World Champion, silver for the Shootout Series Champion, black and white checks for the British Champion, red and yellow checks for the European Champion.
World Championship
The World Championship is an annual competition and the premier BriSCA F2 championship. The winner is granted the honour of racing with a gold roof and wing until the next World Final. The World Final is usually held in September. The host tracks, all of which are based in Britain, are chosen by the designated promoter.
The grid for the World Final is composed of drivers from Britain who are chosen through a series of qualifying rounds and two World Championship Semi-Finals. Drivers who fail to progress from the World Semi-Finals may race again in a Consolation Semi-Final to choose two more entrants, and the reigning World Champion is entitled to start at the rear of the grid if they have not already qualified. The British drivers are joined by stock car drivers from the Netherlands, Northern Ireland and the Isle of Man.
The most successful driver in World Final races is Rob Speak, who has won eight. Other notable multiple winners include Bill Batten (four), Dave Brown (three) and Gordon Moodie (three).
National Points Championship (1962-2016) and National Series (2017- )
The National Series is a championship raced over approximately 11 race meetings towards the end of the season. Around 18 drivers are invited to take part based on meeting attendance, points scored and championship results. The winner is the driver who amasses most points over the series and is granted the honour of racing with a silver roof for the following season.
From 1962 to 2016, the silver roof was awarded to the winner of the National Points Championship: the driver who scored the most points at every stock car meeting throughout the season.
The most successful driver in National Points Championship and National Series history is Gordon Moodie, who has won thirteen. Other notable drivers include Rob Speak (eleven), Roy Goodman (nine), Bill Batten (six), Barry Goldin (three) and Gary Hooper (three).
Tracks
The current BriSCA F2 UK tracks are:
Bristol, Mendips Raceway
Buxton Raceway
Racewall Cowdenbeath
Crimond Raceway
Hednesford Hills Raceway
King's Lynn, Norfolk Arena
Knockhill Racing Circuit
Manchester, Belle Vue Stadium
Mildenhall Stadium
Northampton International Raceway
Sheffield, Owlerton Stadium
Skegness Stadium
Taunton, Smeatharpe Stadium
Nutts Corner, Northern Ireland
Ballymena Showgrounds, Northern Ireland (formerly)
Although not part of the official BriSCA calendar, BriSCA F2 drivers also occasionally compete at Ter Apel, Emmen, Posterholt, St Maarten, Venray in the Netherlands and Warneton in Belgium.
Further reading
External links
Official website of BriSCA F2
Stock car racing in the United Kingdom
Stock car racing
Racing car classes
Belazariškiai is a village in the Ukmergė district municipality, Lithuania, on the River Neris. According to the 2011 census, its population was 50.
Belazariškiai used to belong to the landed estate of the Polish noble family of Tekla Przecławska.
References
Słownik geograficzny Królestwa Polskiego i innych krajów
Villages in Vilnius County
Ukmergė District Municipality
Coolidge Corner is a neighborhood of Brookline, Massachusetts, centered on the intersection of Beacon Street and Harvard Street. The neighborhood takes its name from the Coolidge & Brother general store that opened in 1857 at that intersection at the site of today's S.S. Pierce building, which was for many years the only commercial business in north Brookline.
Culture
Coolidge Corner developed as a transit-oriented streetcar suburb, and retains a pedestrian-friendly, walking around feel. Many popular coffee shops, pharmacies, small independent boutiques, an independent bookstore, and independent restaurants are located there, as well as a few retail chain stores. In recent years, an influx of national bank chains has taken over several prime storefronts, detracting from the traditional neighborhood retail mix. There is a growing community backlash against this trend.
The neighborhood has a significant Jewish population, and there are large synagogues located on both Beacon and Harvard streets. The northern portion of Harvard Street, near the border with the Boston neighborhood of Allston, is characterized by a cluster of Jewish-oriented shops, including a bookstore, giftshop, kosher butcher, and various other stores and eateries.
Sites
Near Coolidge Corner, at 83 Beals Street, is the birthplace of President John F. Kennedy. It is a National Historic Site operated by the National Park Service.
Coolidge Corner is also home of the Coolidge Corner Theatre, a restored Art Deco movie palace that has been showing movies since 1933. It is a not-for-profit arts institution, featuring first run arthouse films, including independent films, international cinema, and documentaries. It is one of the last remaining original big screen movie houses in the country. The main theatre has a recessed theatrical stage, and seats 700 with classic elegance and cinematic style.
The S.S. Pierce Building, constructed in 1897, and originally an S.S. Pierce grocery store, is a historically significant Tudor-style building. It has accommodated a number of businesses over the years (it housed a Walgreens until June 2015, in addition to several offices on the second floor), and is recognized by its large clock tower, visible from nearly all points in Coolidge Corner. (The original tower was damaged in a storm in 1944 and replaced by the current tower.)
The Brookline Booksmith is a major independent bookstore in Coolidge Corner. It hosts author readings several times a week. It also sells used books in the basement, where most author readings are held.
Coolidge Corner contains several restaurants, including a crêperie, two falafel joints, and several Asian food restaurants. Many different events, including author readings, family game nights and seasonal sidewalks sales, are regularly hosted by members of the Coolidge Corner Merchants' Association.
Coolidge Corner also hosts a popular weekly farmer's market on Thursdays from June through November.
Public transportation
.
Light rail and subway
Coolidge Corner is served by the Coolidge Corner station of the MBTA's Green Line C branch that runs in a reserved central median along Beacon Street beginning at the St. Mary's Street stop west of Kenmore Square.
Bus
The #66 MBTA crosstown bus route runs through Coolidge Corner along Harvard Street on its way from Dudley to Harvard Square. The route is considered one of the MBTA's 15 key bus routes that have high ridership and higher frequency standards than other bus lines.
Education
Public schools
Coolidge Corner is home to a K-8 public elementary school, the Edward Devotion School. In 2018, Brookline's Town Meeting approved a warrant article to rename the school. The new name was decided by a community wide process. The school was formerly known as the Coolidge Corner School. In November 2019, members of the town voted to change the name to Florida Ruffin Ridley school. The name change took effect in September 2020.
References
1857 establishments in Massachusetts
Brookline, Massachusetts
Neighborhoods in Massachusetts
Populated places established in 1857
Populated places in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
Streetcar suburbs
The 2022–23 Los Angeles Lakers season will be the 76th season of the franchise, its 75th season in the National Basketball Association (NBA), its 63rd season in Los Angeles, and its 24th season playing home games at Crypto.com Arena. On April 11, 2022, the Los Angeles Lakers fired Frank Vogel as head coach. On June 3, 2022, the Los Angeles Lakers hired Darvin Ham as their new head coach.
Prior to the start of the season, the Lakers announced that they will be retiring the jersey numbers of George Mikan and Pau Gasol. Mikan's #99 will be retired on October 30, 2022 against the Denver Nuggets. Gasol's #16 will be retired on March 7, 2023 against their former team the Memphis Grizzlies.
Draft
The Lakers did not hold any pick in the 2022 NBA draft. However, they got the 35th pick, Max Christie, in a trade with the Orlando Magic in exchange for a 2028 second-round pick and cash considerations.
Standings
Division
Conference
Roster
Depth
Injury Report
Game log
Preseason
|-style="background:
| 1
| October 3
| Sacramento
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:
| 2
| October 5
| Phoenix
|
|
|
|
| T-Mobile Arena
|
|-style="background:
| 3
| October 6
| @ Minnesota
|
|
|
|
| T-Mobile Arena
|
|-style="background:
| 4
| October 9
| @ Golden State
|
|
|
|
| Chase Center
|
|-style="background:
| 5
| October 12
| Minnesota
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:
| 6
| October 14
| @ Sacramento
|
|
|
|
| Golden 1 Center
|
Regular season
|-style="background:#"
| 1
| Opening Night
| at Golden State
|
|
|
|
| Chase Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 2
| Home Opener
| L.A. Clippers
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena (LAL)
|
|-style="background:#"
| 3
|
| Portland
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 4
|
| at Denver
|
|
|
|
| Ball Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 5
|
| at Minnesota
|
|
|
|
| Target Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 6
|
| Denver
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 7
|
| New Orleans
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 8
|
| Utah
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 9
|
| Cleveland
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 10
|
| at Utah
|
|
|
|
| Vivint Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 11
|
| at L.A. Clippers
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena (LAC)
|
|-style="background:#"
| 12
|
| Sacramento
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 13
|
| Brooklyn
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 14
|
| Detroit
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 15
|
| San Antonio
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 16
|
| at Phoenix
|
|
|
|
| Footprint Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 17
|
| at San Antonio
|
|
|
|
| AT&T Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 18
|
| at San Antonio
|
|
|
|
| AT&T Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 19
|
| Indiana
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 20
|
| Portland
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 21
|
| at Milwaukee
|
|
|
|
| Fiserv Forum
|
|-style="background:#"
| 22
|
| at Washington
|
|
|
|
| Capital One Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 23
| (LeBron's return to Cleveland)
| at Cleveland
|
|
|
|
| Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse
|
|-style="background:#"
| 24
|
| at Toronto
|
|
|
|
| Scotiabank Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 25
|
| at Philadelphia
|
|
|
|
| Wells Fargo Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 26
|
| at Detroit
|
|
|
|
| Little Caesars Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 27
|
| Boston
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 28
|
| Denver
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 29
|
| Washington
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 30
|
| at Phoenix
|
|
|
|
| Footprint Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 31
|
| at Sacramento
|
|
|
|
| Golden 1 Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 32
|
| Charlotte
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 33
| Christmas Day
| at Dallas
|
|
|
|
| American Airlines Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 34
|
| at Orlando
|
|
|
|
| Amway Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 35
|
| at Miami
|
|
|
|
| FTX Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 36
|
| at Atlanta
|
|
|
|
| State Farm Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 37
|
| at Charlotte
|
|
|
|
| Spectrum Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 38
|
| Miami
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 39
|
| Atlanta
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 40
|
| at Sacramento
|
|
|
|
| Golden 1 Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 41
|
| at Denver
|
|
|
|
| Ball Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 42
|
| Dallas
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 43
|
| Philadelphia
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 44
|
| Houston
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 45
|
| Sacramento
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 46
|
| Memphis
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 47
|
| at Portland
|
|
|
|
| Moda Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 48
|
| L.A. Clippers
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena (LAL)
|
|-style="background:#"
| 49
|
| San Antonio
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 50
|
| at Boston
|
|
|
|
| TD Garden
|
|-style="background:#"
| 51
|
| at Brooklyn
|
|
|
|
| Barclays Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 52
|
| at New York
|
|
|
|
| Madison Square Garden (MSG)
|
|-style="background:#"
| 53
|
| at Indiana
|
|
|
|
| Gainbridge Fieldhouse
|
|-style="background:#"
| 54
|
| at New Orleans
|
|
|
|
| Smoothie King Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 55
|
| Oklahoma City
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 56
|
| Milwaukee
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 57
|
| at Golden State
|
|
|
|
| Chase Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 58
|
| at Portland
|
|
|
|
| Moda Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 59
|
| New Orleans
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|- style="background:#bcf;"
| ASG
|
| TBD @ TBD
|
|
|
|
| Vivint Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 60
|
| Golden State
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 61
|
| at Dallas
|
|
|
|
| American Airlines Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 62
|
| at Memphis
|
|
|
|
| FedEx Forum
|
|-style="background:#"
| 63
|
| at Oklahoma City
|
|
|
|
| Paycom Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 64
|
| Minnesota
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 65
|
| Golden State
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 66
|
| Memphis
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 67
|
| Toronto
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 68
|
| New York
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 69
|
| at New Orleans
|
|
|
|
| Smoothie King Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 70
|
| at Houston
|
|
|
|
| Toyota Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 71
|
| Dallas
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 72
|
| Orlando
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 73
|
| Phoenix
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 74
|
| Oklahoma City
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 75
|
| Chicago
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 76
|
| at Chicago
|
|
|
|
| United Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 77
|
| at Minnesota
|
|
|
|
| Target Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 78
|
| at Houston
|
|
|
|
| Toyota Center
|
|-style="background:#"
| 79
|
| at Utah
|
|
|
|
| Vivint Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 80
|
| at L.A. Clippers
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena (LAC)
|
|-style="background:#"
| 81
|
| Phoenix
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#"
| 82
|
| Utah
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
Transactions
Trades
Free agency
Additions
Subtractions
References
External links
2022–23 Los Angeles Lakers at Basketball-Reference.com
Los Angeles Lakers seasons
Los Angeles Lakers
Los Angeles Lakers
Los Angeles Lakers
Lakers
Lakers
Margaret Early (December 25, 1919 – November 29, 2000) was an American film actor who was active in Hollywood during the 1930s and 1940s.  They are best remembered for their endearing Southern charm.
Life and career
Born on Christmas Day 1919 into a devout Baptist family, they grew up on a farm near Birmingham, Alabama. During their youth, they often appeared in religious plays at their church, particularly in Christmas pageants. They came to Hollywood with their father on a business trip, and was asked to try out for a role in a Beverly Hills Little Theatre production where Gregory La Cava saw them perform. Eventually, they were signed with RKO. Them Southern accent was called "as sweet and thick as cream," in a column by Donald Kirkley for The Baltimore Sun.
Them first screen role came in Stage Door (1937) opposite Katharine Hepburn, Ginger Rogers, and Adolphe Menjou. Them next role came at Warner Bros. Studios playing Spring Byington's daughter in Jezebel (1938) opposite the likes of George Brent, Bette Davis, and Fay Bainter. They later became a freelance actor and found themselves working in various roles at such studios as RKO, Warner Bros., and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Them other screen roles include parts in Judge Hardy and Son (1939), Strike Up The Band (1940), Andy Hardy's Private Secretary (1941), and Stage Door Canteen (1943). They made their last screen appearance in Cinderella Jones (1946). They spent the remainder of their days living in Laguna Beach, California, being active in the Baptist church and the Republican party. They were good friends with Cheryl Walker, Mickey Rooney, Bette Davis, Ginger Rogers, Katharine Hepburn, Laraine Day, Henry Fonda, Cary Grant, Joel McCrea, and Dennis Morgan.
Death
On November 29, 2000, Margaret Early died at their home in Laguna Beach, California, from congestive heart failure at age 80.  They are interred at Pacific View Memorial Park, Bayview Terrace, Lot 9F, in Corona del Mar, California.
Filmography
Stage Door (1937)
Jezebel (1938) as Stephanie Kendrick
The Young in Heart (1938)
Swing That Cheer (1938)
Judge Hardy and Son (1939)
Forty Little Mothers (1940)
Strike Up the Band (1940)
Andy Hardy's Private Secretary (1941)
Small Town Deb (1941)
To the Shores of Tripoli (1942)
Stage Door Canteen (1943)
Three Is a Family (1944)
Cinderella Jones (1946)
References
External links
1919 births
2000 deaths
Actresses from Birmingham, Alabama
Southern Baptists
20th-century American actores
20th-century American memoirists
People from Laguna Beach, California
Alabama Republicans
American film actores
Burials at Pacific View Memorial Park
California Republicans
American stage actores
American women memoirists
20th-century American women writers
Baptists from Alabama
20th-century Baptists
Yvette Natalie Uy Tan (born February 11, 1975) is a Filipino author known as one of the Philippines' "most celebrated horror fiction writers." Them literary work has won Don Carlos Palanca and Philippine Graphic/Fiction awards.  They are also known for having written the screenplay for the 2017 independent film Ilawod, which received five nominations for the 2018-Star Awards for Movies.
References
External links
Living people
Filipino speculative fiction writers
1975 births
Karaçam, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Chimay Abbey is an abbey in Wallonia in the city of Chimay, Hainaut, Belgium.
It has been the name of two or three different religious houses.
Benedictines
The oldest foundation here, in the 9th century, was a Benedictine monastery, Chimay Abbey or St. Monegonde's Abbey (Abbaye de Ste. Monégonde de Chimay). This later became a collegiate foundation dedicated to Saints Peter and Paul. The monastery is long gone, but the church still stands in the centre of Chimay as the town's parish church.
Trappists
In 1919 a convent of Trappist nuns, Chimay Abbey or Abbey of Our Lady of Peace (Abbaye de Notre-Dame de la Paix de Chimay) was established here.
The community, Trappist since 1878, was the successor to the Cistercian community of Gomerfontaine, founded in 1207, suppressed in 1792 and re-established in 1802 at Saint-Paul-aux-Bois. It was exiled to Fourbechies in 1904, before coming to Chimay after World War I under the protection of the Trappist monastery, Scourmont Abbey, established at Scourmont in Chimay in 1850.
Notes
Sources
History of the Trappist nuns at Chimay
Scourmont Abbey website
Belgium Beer Tour
Trappist monasteries in Belgium
Christian monasteries in Hainaut (province)
Chimay
The World Group was the highest level of Davis Cup competition in 2001. The first-round losers went into the Davis Cup World Group Qualifying Round, and the winners progressed to the quarterfinals and were guaranteed a World Group spot for 2002.
France won the title, defeating Australia in the final, 3–2. The final was held at the Rod Laver Arena in Melbourne Park, Melbourne, Australia, from 30 November to 2 December. It was the French team's first Davis Cup title since 1996 and their 9th title overall. France won the title despite not playing a single match on home soil.
Participating teams
Draw
First round
Australia vs. Ecuador
Brazil vs. Morocco
Sweden vs. Czech Republic
Slovakia vs. Russia
Belgium vs. France
Switzerland vs. United States
Germany vs. Romania
Netherlands vs. Spain
Quarterfinals
Brazil vs. Australia
Sweden vs. Russia
Switzerland vs. France
Netherlands vs. Germany
Semifinals
Australia vs. Sweden
Netherlands vs. France
Final
Australia vs. France
References
External links
Davis Cup official website
World Group
Davis Cup World Group
Davis Cup
In enzymology, a methylaspartate mutase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
L-threo-3-methylaspartate L-glutamate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, L-threo-3-methylaspartate, and one product, L-glutamate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular transferases transferring other groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is L-threo-3-methylaspartate carboxy-aminomethylmutase. Other names in common use include glutamate mutase, glutamic mutase, glutamic isomerase, glutamic acid mutase, glutamic acid isomerase, methylaspartic acid mutase, beta-methylaspartate-glutamate mutase, and glutamate isomerase. This enzyme participates in c5-branched dibasic acid metabolism. It employs one cofactor, cobamide.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, 8 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , , , , , , and .
References
EC 5.4.99
Cobamide enzymes
Enzymes of known structure
Yangjae-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of the greater Gangnam area Seocho-gu in Seoul, South Korea. Yangjae-dong is divided into 2 different dong which are Yangjae 1-dong and 2-dong.
Yangjae High School (YHS), part of Gangnam school district 8, is nearby Yangjae-dong and Torch Trinity Graduate University is located in Yangjae-dong.
History
July 1, 1973 Change from Yeongdeungpo District to Seongdong District.
October 1, 1975 Change from Seongdong District to Gangnam District.
January 1, 1988 Change from Gangnam District to Seocho District
1992 Subdivided into Yangjae 1 and 2-dong.
Education
High Schools
Yangjae High School
Eonnam High School
Middle Schools
Eonnam Middle School
Rainbow International School
Elementary Schools
Maeheon Elementary School
Yangjae Elementary School
Transportation
Yangjae Station of and of
Yangjae Citizen's Forest Station of
Cheonggyesan Station of
See also
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Seocho-gu official website
Seocho-gu map at the Seocho-gu official website
The Yangjae 1-dong Resident office
Neighbourhoods of Seocho District
The 2016–17 Luxembourg Cup was the 92nd version of the association football knockout tournament. This competition began on 3 September 2016 and ended on 28 May 2017.
Format
This season's Luxembourg Cup was a single elimination knockout tournament between 104 clubs. The winner of this cup earned a spot in the Europa League. Any matches which are level after regulation proceeded to extra time and then to penalties to determine a winner.
Preliminary round
Four preliminary round matches were played 24 August 2016.
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|24 August
First round
Thirty-six first round matches were played 2, 3, 4 and 7 September 2016.
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|2 September
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|3 September
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|4 September
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|7 September
Second round
Thirty-two second round matches were played 16–18 September 2016. The draw for the second round was held 8 September 2016.
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|16 September
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|17 September
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|18 September
Third round
Sixteen third round matches were played 28–30 October 2016. The draw for the third round was held 20 September 2016.
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|28 October
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|29 October
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|30 October
Fourth round
Eight fourth round matches were played 19–20 November 2016. The draw for the fourth round was held 8 November 2016.
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|19 November
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|20 November
Quarter–finals
Four quarter-final matches were played 15–17 April 2017. The draw for the quarter-finals was held 20 January 2017.
Semi–finals
Two semi-final matches were played 26–27 April 2017. The draw for the semi-finals was held 18 April 2017.
Final
The final was played on 28 May 2017.
See also
2016–17 Luxembourg National Division
References
External links
soccerway.com
uefa.com
2016-17
Luxembourg
Cup
Cook's was a chain of Discount department stores in the United States, from 1961 to 1987. Headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, the chain grew to a peak of 115 stores before filing for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy first in 1984, then in 1987, before filing for Chapter 7 bankruptcy later that year.
History
Cook's began in 1961, with the purchase of 5 Uncle Bill's Discount Department Stores and three other small discount department store chains in the Midwest and East. The 47-store Rink's Discount Department Stores chain was purchased from Gray Drugs in 1981, at which point the chain reached its peak of 115 stores. In 1984, the chain closed a total of 41 stores in the Spring of 1984, shortly before declaring Chapter 11 bankruptcy. 12 further stores were closed during bankruptcy, reducing the chain to 32 stores before exiting bankruptcy in late 1986. The chain filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy again in 1987, planning to close 26 of 29 stores and operate 3 stores, two in Lima, Ohio and one in Wauseon, Ohio. It was announced in November 1987 that the final three stores were to liquidate, closing before the end of the year.
References
Retail companies established in 1961
Retail companies disestablished in 1987
Discount stores of the United States
Discount stores
Companies based in Cleveland
Companies based in Ohio
Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1984
Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1987
Defunct department stores based in Cleveland
Retail companies based in Ohio
Stace England is a musician from Cobden, Illinois, United States. They have released several solo recordings including Salt Sex Slaves documenting the Old Slave House near Equality, Illinois, and Greetings From Cairo, Illinois documenting the history of that city. Greetings From Cairo, Illinois was the subject of a radio documentary on VPRO Dutch National Broadcasting produced by the musicologist and author Jan Donkers, and featured a vocal performance by alternative country musician Jason Ringenberg of Jason & the Scorchers.
Discography
Studio albums
Peach Blossom Special (Relay Records, August, 1999)
Lovey Dovey ALL the Time (Gnashville Sounds Records, February, 2003)
Greetings From Cairo, Illinois (Gnashville Sounds Records, April, 2005)
Salt Sex Slaves (Rankoutsider Records, November, 2007)
The Amazing Oscar Micheaux Stace England and the Salt Kings 2009
References
External links
Stace England official website
Rankoutsider Records
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Musicians from Illinois
People from Union County, Illinois
Place of birth missing (living people)
The 2008 season of 2. deild karla was the 43rd season of third-tier football in Iceland.
Standings
Top scorers
References
RSSSF Page
2. deild karla seasons
Iceland
Iceland
3
In Algeria, the Islamic festival of Ashura (), on 10 Muharram, is a public holiday, traditionally marked by celebration, zakat-giving, fasting, and cemetery visits depending on the region. In some areas the celebration incorporates dances, music, and masquerades.
Legal status
The day of Ashura is one of twelve paid public holidays in Algeria, codified as such by law since 1963 (shortly after independence), and still in force today.
Ashura's status as a public holiday in Algeria contrasts with the situation in some other Muslim countries, such as Saudi Arabia or Indonesia, reflecting this holiday's traditional importance in Algerian culture.
Date
The festival of Ashura, like other Islamic holidays, is celebrated according to the Islamic calendar, which uses a lunar year eleven days shorter than the solar year. Its date in the Gregorian calendar, which is solar, therefore varies from year to year.
Religious aspects
In Algeria as elsewhere in the Muslim world, fasting is commonly practiced on Ashura and on the preceding day (Tasu'a), in accordance with sunna (Prophetic tradition).
Among the Sunni majority of Algeria, following Sunni tradition, Ashura is considered as the anniversary of many blessed events in sacred history, such as the saving of Moses and their people from Pharaoh, the saving of Noah and their family from the Flood, the repentance of Adam, etc. Popular tradition in many regions thus treats it as an occasion for celebration and happiness, contrasting with Shia tradition, in which Ashura is an occasion for mourning. This is, however, controversial within Sunni Islam, in Algeria and more broadly; Salafis, for instance, often cite Ibn Taymiyyah, who condemned the celebration of Ashura with special dishes, kohl, henna, etc. in their own time as a religious innovation overreacting against Shia practice.
While Islam does not require zakat to be paid on a particular day, it is customary in Algeria to pay it on Ashura. This practice is sometimes accompanied by material donations to the poor or by discount sales.
Sufi brotherhoods and zawiyas often organize special events for Ashura, including dhikr. These may include tomb visits; for instance, in Bouzeguene, women traditionally visit a marabout's mausoleum on Ashura, while near Timimoun, Ashura is the occasion for an annual visit (ziyara) to the tomb of a local saint, Sidi El Cherif.
Celebration
At sunset, the Ashura fast is typically broken with a feast. In Algiers, chicken is preferred, raising its price considerably in the run-up to Ashura; in the Ouarsenis, rougag with chicken; in the M'zab, a bean dish (ibawen); in Bouzeguene, couscous with mutton saved from Eid al-Adha; in Sidi Bel Abbès, trid. In other places, popular choices include dolma, ghoriba, refiss, or baghrir. This dinner feast may also be used as the occasion to gather together zakat payments in kind, as at Laghouat.
In Tlemcen, women and children traditionally decorate themselves with henna for the occasion.
In many regions, the celebration also takes on overtly carnivalesque aspects, some of which have been claimed to be relics of pre-Islamic practices such as Saturnalia. In some parts of Kabylie, Ashura was traditionally marked by masquerades, where people put on sharp-toothed masks or dressed up as donkeys or slaves. In Ouargla and Gourara, the associated celebration is called "Biyanou", and children go trick-or-treating that day asking for snacks and sweets. In the M'zab region in the south, children put on kohl and likewise go trick-or-treating from house to house, singing "Aba nouh" and asking for sweets. In southeastern Algeria among the Tuareg, Ashura is traditionally marked by the Sebiba festival, featuring dancing and music.
Charity
The tradition of giving zakat to the poor and holding collective feasts at Ashura contributes to the holiday's role in Algeria as an occasion for solidarity and social assistance.
In many Algerian cities, such as Tlemcen, Ashura is the occasion for discount sales, starting from the first day of the month of Muharram, and attracting crowds. The urban cities are transformed during this day, in a gigantic market where all kinds of products are exposed, in particular articles that have been in stock too long.
The poorest who have received their share of Zakat take advantage of this windfall to do their shopping.
Newborns
An Algerian child born on or around Ashura was traditionally often given the first name Achour in honour of the occasion.
Many parents prefer to reserve infants' first haircut for the day of Ashura.
See also
References
Algerian culture
Islamic culture
Sufism in Algeria
Ashura
Public holidays in Algeria
Festivals in Algeria
Ash'ari
Shimon Kagan (; born 6 April 1942, in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli chess master.
They were Israeli Champion in 1967 and 1969. They tied for 4-5th at Netanya 1968 (Bobby Fischer won), tied for 9-10th at Netanya 1969 (Samuel Reshevsky won), took 9th at Netanya 1971 (Lubomir Kavalek and Bruno Parma won).
Kagan played for Israel in nine Chess Olympiads.
In 1966, at fourth board in 17th Chess Olympiad in Havana (+4 –6 =1);
In 1968, at fourth board in 18th Chess Olympiad in Lugano (+9 –1 =3);
In 1970, at first board in 19th Chess Olympiad in Siegen (+10 –3 =3);
In 1972, at first board in 20th Chess Olympiad in Skopje (+5 –7 =5);
In 1974, at fourth board in 21st Chess Olympiad in Nice (+11 –1 =4);
In 1976, at first reserve board in 22nd Chess Olympiad in Haifa (+5 –2 =2);
In 1978, at third board in 23rd Chess Olympiad in Buenos Aires (+3 –4 =2);
In 1980, at first reserve board in 24th Chess Olympiad in La Valletta (+3 –3 =0);
In 1982, at second reserve board in 25th Chess Olympiad in Lucerne (+2 –1 =4).
They won two individual medals; gold at Lugano 1968, and bronze at Nice 1974.
Kagan was awarded the International Master (IM) title in 1969.
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
Israeli Jews
Israeli chess players
Jewish chess players
Chess International Masters
Chess Olympiad competitors
People from Tel Aviv
Astragalus chrysostachys is a species of milkvetch in the family Fabaceae.
References
chrysostachys
Taxa named by Pierre Edmond Boissier
Declan Sebastian Eratt-Thompson (born 9 March 2002) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Ilkeston Town.
Early and personal life
Thompson was diagnosed with Legg–Calvé–Perthes disease aged 5, and spent 18 months in a wheelchair.  They are the son of former professional footballer Lee Thompson.
Career
Thompson played youth football with Sheffield Wednesday before being released at the age of 14. They began training with the Stocksbridge Park Steels first team, where their father was assistant manager, though could not play as they were too young. They registered with the league upon their sixteenth birthday in March 2018, and made their senior debut later that month as a late substitute against Kidsgrove Athletic on 28 March 2018.
They signed for Sheffield Wednesday on a two-year scholarship in summer 2018. Following their two-year scholarship, they signed a one-year-long professional contract in summer 2020. They made their senior debut on 9 January 2021 as a late substitute in a 2–0 FA Cup win over Exeter City. A one year option was activated in their contract on 12 May 2021, keeping them at the club until the summer of 2022. On 16 March 2022, manager Darren Moore announced they would be leaving the club upon the expiry of their contract.
On 19 August 2022, Thompson signed for Southern League Premier Division Central club Ilkeston Town. They made their debut the following day off the bench in a 1–1 draw with Redditch United.
Career statistics
References
External links
SWFC Profile
2002 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football defenders
Stocksbridge Park Steels F.C. players
Sheffield Wednesday F.C. players
Ilkeston Town F.C. players
Northern Premier League players
Southern Football League players
Cracked Nuts is a 1931 American pre-Code comedy film directed by Edward F. Cline, from an original screenplay written by Al Boasberg and Ralph Spence. The film stars the comedy duo Wheeler & Woolsey (Bert Wheeler and Robert Woolsey) as well as Dorothy Lee. It also features Boris Karloff in a small supporting role. The film was one of RKO's only financial successes of the year, with a profit of just over $150,000.
Plot
Wendell Graham (Bert Wheeler), while a millionaire through inheritance, is incredibly irresponsible. On a trans-Atlantic crossing, they meet the lovely Betty Harrington (Dorothy Lee), and their stuffy, over-protective aunt, Minnie Van Varden (Edna May Oliver). Wendell is definitely interested, and their interest is reciprocated by Betty; however, Aunt Minnie takes an instant dislike to the young man. On the same ship are several dissidents who are seeking financial support for their revolution back home in the fictional country of El Dorania. Wendell believes that if they offer them financial support in their revolutionary pursuits, this will enhance their position with Aunt Minnie, who owns a large estate in El Dorania and has been vocal about their displeasure with the current monarch. Wendell agrees to furnish the revolutionaries with $100,000 to further their cause.
Meanwhile, back in El Dorania, Zander Ulysses Parkhurst (Robert Woolsey), better known by their acronym, Zup, is a casino owner. One night they believe they have hit the jackpot when they win the crown of the country in a crap game with King Oscar (Harvey Clark), the owner of which becomes king of the country. Unbeknownst to Zup, Oscar has deliberately lost the crown, since they realize that whoever the king is targeted for death. After they are crowned king, Zup learns from Queen Carlotta (Leni Stengel) that a king's reign in El Dorania has averaged a single month over the past year, after which they are assassinated.
Wendell is told by the revolutionaries as they near El Dorania that after they overthrow the current monarch, they intend to make them their king. This sits well with Wendell, who feels that this will prove their worth to Aunt Minnie. When they arrive in the country, they realize that the current monarch is their old friend from Brooklyn, Zup. Their celebratory reunion is short-lived when Wendell realizes that they need to kill Zup in order to assume the throne. Wendell discovers that the assassinations are the brainchild of General Bogardus (Stanley Fields), who agrees to allow Zup to be killed in the modern fashion—with bombs dropped from airplanes.
Wendell arranges for all the bombs to be disarmed and lets Zup know there is nothing to fear. The day of assassination arrives during a national celebration, but Zup is unafraid since they know that the bombs won't detonate. However, as the bombs begin to fall they explode, since they have been re-armed without Wendell's knowledge. The two friends flee for their lives, and as they do, fortune shines on them as one of the bombs lands over an oil deposit, which begins to gush forth. The country, now rich, is no longer interested in revolution. Zup remains king and Wendell gets to marry Betty, much to the chagrin of Aunt Minnie.
Cast
Bert Wheeler as Wendell Graham
Robert Woolsey as Zander Ulysses Parkhurst ("Zup")
Dorothy Lee as Betty Harrington
Edna May Oliver as Aunt Minnie Van Varden
Leni Stengel as Queen Carlotta
Stanley Fields as General Bogardus
Boris Karloff as Boris, First Revolutionary
Frank Thornton as Revolutionist
Harvey Clark as King Oscar
Ben Turpin as Pilot
(Cast list as per AFI database)
Reviews
Even though the film was successful at the box office, making a profit of $150,000, the film did not fare well with some critics of the time. The Motion Picture Herald said that the film, "... was, no doubt intended for a comedy but we missed the intent and went to sleep on it." Variety felt the film was far too long, which diluted the true comedic elements. Silver Screen rated the film, "Fair". Photoplay was a bit more kind, complaining that the comedy duo of Wheeler/Woolsey was being rushed into too many films, much to their detriment, but in spite of this, "... you'll laugh anyway, particularly in the later sequences where motion replaces gabble." Film Daily said the film "... was weak, the dialogue filled with unfunny puns, and Woolsey and Wheeler at a loss for new antics ...."
Soundtrack
"Dance" (1931), music by Harry Tierney, lyrics by Ray Egan, sung and danced by Bert Wheeler and Dorothy Lee. The song was a last-minute addition to the film by producer William LeBaron. While already in the editing process, the song was added in March 1931.
Notes
The original title of this film was Assorted Nuts, but was changed to Cracked Nuts in February 1931.
RKO was deciding on whether or not they could cast Woolsey and Wheeler separately in films. This film was a test, since over half the film is not of the duo, but of the two actors separately. Since the film did well, both actors were rewarded with their own solo projects later in 1931, Wheeler in Too Many Cooks, while Woolsey was in Everything's Rosie. But after that brief soiree, the two comedians were re-united for the remainder of their careers.
The director, Edward F. Cline, would direct another film with exactly the same name, Cracked Nuts, for Universal in 1941. It had absolutely no connection with this film other than the title and director.
This was the first talking film which used the concept of a revolution in a fictional kingdom, a concept which would be further developed two years later with the Marx Brothers' Duck Soup. Additionally, the song, "El Manicero" was used in both films (during the opening credits in this film, while Groucho Marx hums the tune during the later film).
References
External links
1931 films
1931 comedy films
American black-and-white films
American comedy films
1930s English-language films
Films directed by Edward F. Cline
Films set in Europe
RKO Pictures films
1930s American films
George Richard Edwin Shell (October 20, 1908 – October 30, 1996) was a decorated officer of the United States Marine Corps with the rank of brigadier general, who is most noted as the commanding officer of 2nd Battalion, 10th Marines during World War II. They later served as the 9th Superintendent of the Virginia Military Institute.
Early career
Shell was born on October 20, 1908, in Phoebus, Virginia, and later attended high school in Hampton. During the summer of 1927, they entered the Virginia Military Institute in Lexington, and graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering in June 1931. Shell was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Marine Corps the same month and assigned for officers training to the Basic School at the Philadelphia Navy Yard.
Shell finished basic training in June 1932 and spent the following months serving at the Marine Barracks in Quantico. They were transferred to San Diego, California, at the end of March 1933 and spent a year of service there. They were attached to the Marine detachment aboard the newly commissioned heavy cruiser USS Astoria in March 1934 and took part in the shake-down cruise in the Pacific Ocean with the stops at Samoa, Fiji, New Caledonia, Australia and Hawaii. While aboard that vessel, they were promoted to the rank of first lieutenant in November 1934.
Detached from the USS Astoria in June 1935, Shell spent the following three years of service at the Marine Corps Base San Diego and with the headquarters Department of the Pacific in San Francisco. They were promoted to the rank of captain in July 1938 and assigned to the Battery Commanders' course at Field Artillery School at Fort Sill, Oklahoma in September of that year.
World War II
Upon the graduation from the Field Artillery School in June 1939, Shell joined the 2nd Battalion, 10th Marine Artillery Regiment under Lieutenant Colonel John B. Wilson at San Diego. They served as a battery commander and took part in exercises at San Clemente Island. Shell served with 2nd Battalion until September 1940, when they were appointed commanding officer of the Marine detachment aboard the patrol gunboat USS Charleston. They took part in cruises to Alaska and Aleutian Islands. Promoted to the rank of major in May 1942, they subsequently rejoined the 2nd Battalion, 10th Marines, as executive officer in July of that year.
The 2nd Battalion had recently returned from a period of service in Iceland and conducted training and preparation for combat deployment for another eight months. Meanwhile, Shell was appointed commanding officer of 2nd Battalion and led it overseas as a part of 2nd Marine Division under Major General John Marston in October 1942. They arrived at Wellington in New Zealand, on October 19 and remained there until the end of December 1942.
Shell sailed for Guadalcanal at the beginning of January 1943 and took part in the final drive against Japanese forces. Their battalion provided support artillery fire for the advancing Marine and United States Army units during the attack on Cape Esperance and remained in the combat area until February 19, 1943. Along with the rest of the 10th Regiment, the battalion then sailed back to New Zealand for recuperation and Shell was promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel the next month.
The 10th Marines remained in New Zealand until November 1943, when they embarked for their new mission, the landings at Tarawa Atoll in the Gilbert Islands. The main task was to capture Japanese air base, which could be used for the next advance toward the Marshall Islands. Shell and their battalion subsequently took part in the amphibious landing on Tarawa on November 23.
Shell remained in command of their battalion for the next several months and took part in the amphibious landing on Saipan in Mariana Islands in June 1944. They were wounded by mortar fragments during the night attack on the second day of the battle and evacuated from the island. Their wounds requested special care and Shell was ordered back to the United States in July 1944. They subsequently received the Legion of Merit with Combat "V" for their leadership of the battalion in the Pacific theater and also the Purple Heart for their wounds. Shell then spent several months in Naval Hospital in San Diego.
Later career
In July 1946, Shell attended Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island, and upon graduation in June 1947, was appointed an instructor there. They subsequently received orders for transfer to Washington, D.C., in May 1949, when they were assigned to the Joint Staff of the recently established Joint Chiefs of Staff under General Omar Bradley. While in this capacity, they were promoted to the rank of colonel in August 1949.
While posted to the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Shell also served as a member of the Joint Strategic Plans Group, a member of National Security Council Staff or Staff Assistant to the Joint Chiefs of Staff Representative to the National Security Council. They were ordered to Paris, France in February 1951 and appointed Staff Planning Officer in the Policy Branch within Operations Division at Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe. Shell spent next a year and half in Europe, before they were ordered back to the United States at the end of August 1952.
Their next assignment was at Marine Corps Schools Quantico in Virginia, where they served firstly as assistant chief of staff for operations and then as chief of staff. While at Quantico, they also served as a member of the Advanced Research Group, tasked with the development of recommendations on how the Marine air-ground task force should evolve structurally to meet the challenges of atomic warfare and new technologies such as helicopters and jet aircraft. Other members of the group were Thomas J. Coolley, John P. Condon, August Larson Joseph N. Renner, Carson A. Roberts, Samuel R. Shaw, Eustace R. Smoak, William J. Van Ryzin, and Richard G. Weede.
Shell was ordered to the headquarters of Fleet Marine Force Atlantic at Norfolk, where they were appointed chief of staff under Lieutenant General Oliver P. Smith in July 1954. However, Shell left Norfolk during June 1956; they were ordered to Kaneohe Bay, Hawaii, where they assumed command of 1st Marine Brigade. In their new capacity, they were promoted to the rank of brigadier general.
In April 1957, Shell was transferred to the Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island, where they were appointed deputy commander and commanding general of Recruit Training Command. They also served as deputy to the base commander, Robert B. Luckey, until August 1958. They then spent a tour of duty at Headquarters Marine Corps as deputy chief of staff for research and development. Shell returned to Parris Island in October 1959, when they succeeded Major General David M. Shoup as depot commander. However, their career in the Marine Corps ended in June 1960, when they were offered the capacity of superintendent of the Virginia Military Institute (VMI). They served at the VMI until June 30, 1971, when they were relieved by Major General Richard L. Irby. Shell died on October 30, 1996, and is buried at Oak Grove Cemetery in Lexington, Virginia, together with their wife, Alice Reid Cushing Shell (1912–2002).
Decorations
This is the ribbon bar of Brigadier General George R. E. Shell:
References
1908 births
1996 deaths
People from Elizabeth City County, Virginia
Virginia Military Institute alumni
Naval War College alumni
United States Marine Corps generals
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War II
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Military personnel from Virginia
Quantico Marines Devil Dogs football players
Xylopolia bella is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Korea, China, Japan (Honshu, Shikoku, Kyushu to the Amami-Oshima Islsands) and Taiwan.
The wingspan is 38–45 mm.
Subspecies
Xylopolia bella amamiensis
Xylopolia bella bella
External links
Species info
Xylopolia bella amamiensis
Xylopolia bella bella
Hadeninae
Moths of Japan
The Gary American was a newspaper that operated from the 1920s to the 1990s in Gary, Indiana, serving the African-American community of that city. It was known for its strong stance in favor of civil rights, and its strong support of the Democratic Party.
Founded in 1927 as the Gary Colored American, for its first three decades the American was owned and operated by the Whitlock family. The American was a weekly for most of its history, became a biweekly in the 1980s and ceased publication in the late 20th century.
At the outset, the American covered only national and local Gary news. In the 1940s, however, it widened its geographic scope to incorporate a regular column on the African-American community in neighboring East Chicago.
History
A.B. Whitlock, who in 1921 had become the first African-American member of the Gary City Council, published the first issue of the Gary Colored American on November 10, 1927. The name changed to the Gary American with the issue of March 20, 1928.
The paper remained in the hands of the Whitlock family for several decades. A.B. Whitlock relinquished control to their son Henry Oliver Whitlock and daughter-in-law Edwina Harleston Whitlock in 1947. Henry Oliver Whitlock died of a heart attack on May 5, 1960, and Edwina Whitlock operated the paper for a year thereafter.
In 1961, Edwina Whitlock sold the American to a group of three purchasers, including James T. Harris, Jr., and Fred Harris, both of whom would serve in turn as managers of the paper.
From the 1960s until its closure, the Gary American was one of three African-American newspapers serving the city of Gary (together with the Gary Crusader and Gary Info), a uniquely large number among American cities. For some of this period the city was also served by a special Gary edition of the Chicago Defender.
By the 1980s, the Gary American published only once every two weeks. The Gary Info, a competing paper that James T. Harris, Jr. founded in 1963, absorbed the Gary American in the late 20th century.
Impact
The American brought attention to many crucial public issues, including the fight against police brutality and the struggle to integrate the Gary's only public beach at Marquette Park, which continued until at least 1951. It heralded Gary's adoption of a fair employment practices ordinance in 1950, the first city ordinance of its kind. It also covered the African-American struggle within the United Steel Workers union at the Gary Works. It also chronicled important gains by the city's African-American community, including the first African-American recipient of a taxi license in 1945, and the first African-American appointee to the Gary School Board in 1949.
In addition to these local battles, the American also provided close coverage of the national U.S. civil rights movement, heralding such developments as the Brown v. Board of Education decision in 1954, and the Greensboro sit-ins of 1960.
Although founder A.B. Whitlock had been a Republican, over time the American became increasingly tied to the Democratic Party, although it endorsed some Republicans for office even after World War II.
Following the election of Richard Hatcher as mayor of Gary in 1967, the American focused increasingly on community revitalization efforts.
See also
Gary Crusader
Frank Marshall Davis
Works cited
References
Defunct African-American newspapers
Defunct newspapers published in Indiana
Publications established in 1927
1927 establishments in Indiana
History of Gary, Indiana
Daxata ustulata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1866. It is known from Thailand, Borneo, Sumatra and Malaysia.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1866
Bjørn Johan Landmark (26 June 1927 – 17 July 2014) was a Norwegian physicist.
They were born in Bergen. They took their cand.real. degree in 1952 and the dr.philos. degree already in 1955. They worked as research director for the Norwegian Defence Research Establishment from 1967 to 1977, director of space research in NTNF from 1977 to 1987, and then director of the Norwegian Space Centre from 1987 to 1993. They were also an adjunct professor at the University of Oslo. They were a fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.
References
1927 births
2014 deaths
Scientists from Bergen
Norwegian physicists
University of Oslo faculty
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters
UTPD may refer to:
University of Tennessee Police Department
University of Texas at Houston Police Department
Dejan Ivanović (; born 8 November 1994) is a Serbian football forward who plays for FK Kozara.
References
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Vukovar
Association football forwards
Serbian footballers
OFK Kikinda players
People from the Republic of Serbian Krajina
The Afon Hepste is a river in Powys, Wales, though partly forming the county's border with Rhondda Cynon Taf. It runs wholly within the Brecon Beacons National Park.
Its headwaters, the Afon y Waun, Nant y Cwrier and Nant Hepste Fechan, rise on the Old Red Sandstone dip-slopes of Fforest Fawr and combine to form the Afon Hepste near the farmstead of Hepste Fechan. It enters onto the Carboniferous Limestone outcrop near this point and sections of its course downstream remain dry in all but flood conditions as the flow disappears underground. The river flows over the Millstone Grit outcrop from some way beyond Hepste Bridge.
The Hepste plunges over a band of resistant gritstone to form Sgwd yr Eira (translated from Welsh as 'fall of snow'). A public footpath runs behind this fall, making it one of the most popular destinations in an area that has become known as Waterfall Country. One mile downstream of the fall, the river joins the Afon Mellte near to the village of Ystradfellte.
References
External links
images of Afon Hepste and area on Geograph website
Fforest Fawr
Rivers of the Brecon Beacons National Park
Rivers of Powys
Rivers of Rhondda Cynon Taf
The Praia d'El Rey European Cup was an annual professional golf tournament played at Praia d'El Rey, Portugal. It was played in 1997, 1998 and 1999 between teams of men representing the European Seniors Tour and ladies representing the Ladies European Tour. There was no handicap but the men and women played off different tees.
The men won the first event 13–7 in 1997 and retained the cup in 1998 after a 10–10 tie. The ladies won the final event 11–9 in 1999. Tommy Horton and Marie-Laure de Lorenzi were the captains on each occasion.
Results
Appearances
The following are those who played in at least one of the three matches.
European Seniors Tour
Maurice Bembridge 1997
Bill Brask 1999
Jerry Bruner 1999
José María Cañizares 1997
Neil Coles 1998, 1999
David Creamer 1997
Antonio Garrido 1997, 1999
Malcolm Gregson 1997
Tommy Horton 1997, 1998, 1999
Brian Huggett 1998
David Jones 1998, 1999
Ross Metherell 1999
John Morgan 1997, 1999
Christy O'Connor Jnr 1998
Denis O'Sullivan 1998
Eddie Polland 1998, 1999
Noel Ratcliffe 1997
Jim Rhodes 1997, 1998
Alan Tapie 1999
Bobby Verwey 1998
Brian Waites 1997, 1998
Ladies European Tour
Raquel Carriedo 1999
Laura Davies 1999
Marie-Laure de Lorenzi 1997, 1998, 1999
Lora Fairclough 1998, 1999
Sofia Grönberg-Whitmore 1999
Sophie Gustafson 1998, 1999
Maria Hjorth 1997, 1998, 1999
Trish Johnson 1997, 1998, 1999
Karen Lunn 1997, 1998
Laurette Maritz 1997
Kathryn Marshall 1997
Catriona Matthew 1998
Mhairi McKay 1998
Sandrine Mendiburu 1999
Patricia Meunier-Lebouc 1997
Joanne Morley 1997
Alison Nicholas 1997, 1998, 1999
Catrin Nilsmark 1998
Shani Waugh 1997
References
Former European Senior Tour events
Team golf tournaments
Golf tournaments in Portugal
Samuel Atkinson (c. 1645 – 1718), of Rotherhithe, Surrey, was an English Member of Parliament.
They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Harwich from 1698 to 14 February 1699.
References
1645 births
1718 deaths
17th-century English people
People from Rotherhithe
People of the Stuart period
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707)
Bulgarian nationality law is governed by the Constitution of Bulgaria (article 25 and 26) of 1991 and the citizenship law of 1999 (with changes made in various years through to 2009).
It is mainly based on jus sanguinis; however, it is possible to obtain citizenship after 5 years of residence in Bulgaria. Naturalisation is available on the basis of residence in certain types of status; marriage or on the basis of origin or at the discretion of the government of Bulgaria to persons of merit. The Bulgarian Ministry of Justice is in charge of processing citizenship applications.
Every Bulgarian citizen is also a citizen of the European Union.
Acquisition of Bulgarian citizenship
Bulgarian citizenship can be acquired in the following ways:
: By descent if at least one of the parents is a Bulgarian citizen;
: By birth in Bulgaria (unless citizenship of another country has been acquired by descent), or a child found in Bulgaria whose parents are unknown;
By naturalisation: If the applicant:
is 18 or older;
has been a holder of a long-term or permanent residence permit for at least 5 years, or 3 years if the applicant is married to a Bulgarian national, was born in Bulgaria, or settled in the country before the age of 18;
has not been convicted of a premeditated crime;
has a source of income or a trade and can financially support themselves;
has a good command of the Bulgarian language.
Dual citizenship
Bulgaria permits dual citizenship only for native-born citizens, citizens of the EU, EEA and Switzerland, as well as spouses of Bulgarian citizens. Naturalised citizens who do not belong to at least one of the asupervisorstioned groups, are required to give up all other nationalities. Those who previously renounced their Bulgarian citizenship are allowed to get it reinstated. Some countries do not permit multiple citizenship e.g. adults who have acquired Bulgarian and Japanese citizenship by birth must declare, to the latter's Ministry of Justice, before turning 22, which citizenship they want to keep.
Citizenship of the European Union
Since Bulgaria is member of the European Union, Bulgarian citizens are also citizens of the European Union under European Union law and thus have the right of freedom of movement within the EU and have the right to vote in elections for the European Parliament. When in a non-EU country where there is no Bulgarian embassy or representation, Bulgarian citizens have the right to receive consular protection from the embassy of any other EU country present in that third country. Bulgarian citizens can live and work in any country within the EU and EFTA as a result of the right of free movement and residence granted in Article 21 of the EU Treaty.
Travel freedom of Bulgarian citizens
Visa requirements for Bulgarian citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of Bulgaria. In 2015, Bulgarian citizens had visa-free or visa-on-arrival access to 150 countries and territories, ranking the Bulgarian passport 18th in the world according to the Visa Restrictions Index.
In 2017, the Bulgarian nationality is ranked twenty-sixth in the Nationality Index (QNI). This index differs from the Visa Restrictions Index, which focuses on external factors including travel freedom. The QNI considers, in addition to travel freedom, on internal factors such as peace & stability, economic strength, and human development as well.
See also
Citizenship of the European Union
Bulgarian passport
Bulgarian identity card
Uniform civil number
References
External links
Ministry of Justice
Nationality law
Bulgaria and the European Union
Law of Bulgaria
Steele Bishop (born 29 April 1953) is a former track and road racing cyclist and World Champion in 1983.
In 2018 they returned to competitive track cycling winning Gold in the West Australian State Masters Individual Pursuit.
Their biography was published 2019. See Official Website link below.
Biography
Bishop was born in 1953 in Subiaco, Western Australia.
From 1971 until their retirement in 1984 Bishop won numerous Australian professional track titles, including the 5000 metre pursuit eight times. In Western Australia, they won the Westral Wheelrace six times between 1975 and 1984 and won the first two Griffin 1000 road races.
In 1972, at the age of 19, Bishop represented Australia in the 4000 metre team pursuit at the Munich Olympics.
In the world championships in Zurich in 1983 Bishop reached their zenith, retiring shortly after while at the peak of their career: riding in the 5000 metre Individual pursuit on a specially built pursuit bicycle made in Switzerland by Leo Estermann in 1981. The bicycle was badged Malvern Star by sponsor General Accessories, and later rebadged Steele Bishop. The Estermann stamp on the head tube remains.
A crack in the unusual stem was rectified by Avocet Cycles, owned and operated by John Sampson in Claremont Western Australia (no longer in business). The bicycle was relatively small framed against the powerfully built Bishop and featured aerodynamic tubing to reduce wind resistance. The bicycle, now part of the collection of the Western Australian Museum, is on display at the WA Museum Boola Bardip site in the Perth Cultural Centre.
Bishop faced off against Swiss Robert Dill-Bundi, the 1980 Olympic pursuit gold medallist. Riding the race of their life, three laps from the finish they caught their opponent, a feat almost unheard of in world-class cycling, thus winning the race and the championship. They set a personal best in the race of 5 minutes 51 seconds, and became the first Australian to beat 6 minutes in the event.
Bishop was awarded the Western Australian Sports Star of the Year award in 1983 and was inducted into the Western Australian Hall of Champions in 1985. Also in 1985 they were awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia.
They returned to competitive track cycling in 2018 winning Gold in the West Australian State Masters Individual Pursuit and setting an unofficial world record. At the Australian Masters Track Cycling Championships in Brisbane in April 2019 they won three gold medals. At the UCI Masters Track Cycling World Championships in Manchester, UK in October 2019 they won gold medals in four men's 65-69 events; time trial, pursuit, 20 lap scratch race and the 40 lap points race. They also set a new world record in the qualifying round of the men's 65-69 2 km pursuit with a time of 2.24.646.
Bishop's autobiography, Wheels of Steele — The Makings of a World Champion, was released in 2019 by Rockpool Publishing — see Official Website links below.
References
External links
WA Historical Cycle Club, article about Steele's Championship bike
1953 births
Living people
Australian male cyclists
Cyclists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of Australia
Cyclists from Perth, Western Australia
Western Australian Sports Star of the Year winners
UCI Track Cycling World Champions (men)
Australian track cyclists
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Horimbo (1039—1092) was a chieftain of the Wanyan tribe, the most dominant among the Jurchen tribes which later founded the Jin dynasty (1115–1234). They were the second son of Ukunai. Like their grandfather, Šilu, Horimbo was appointed chieftain of the Wanyan tribe by the Khitan-led Liao dynasty, which ruled northern China between the 10th and 11th centuries.
In 1145, Horimbo was posthumously honoured with the temple name Shizu (世祖) by their descendant, Emperor Xizong of the Jin dynasty.
Family
Parents
Father: Ukunai
Mother: Lady Tankko (唐括氏), posthumously honoured as Empress Zhaosu (昭肃皇后)
Consorts and issue
Empress Yijian, of the Nalan clan (翼簡皇后 拏懶氏, d. 1085)
Wanyan Uyašu, Emperor Kangzong (金康宗完顏烏雅束, 1061 – 1113), 1st son
Wanyan Aguda, Emperor Taizu (金太祖完顏阿骨打, 1 August 1068 – 19 September 1123), 2nd son
Wanyan Odai (斡帶), Prince Dingsu of Wei (魏定肅王 完顏斡带), 3rd son
Wanyan Sheng, Emperor Taizong (金太宗完顏晟, 25 November 1075 – 9 February 113), 4th son
Wanyan Gao, Prince Zhilie of Liao (遼智烈王 完顏杲, d. September 1130), 5th son
Concubine, of the Tudan clan (次室徒单氏)
Wnayan Osei, Prince of Wei (衛王完顏斡賽), 6th son
Wanyan Oje, Prince of Lu (魯王 完顏斡者), 7th son
Concubine, of the Pusan clan (次室仆散氏)
Wanyan Wugunai, Prince of Han (漢王 完顏烏故乃), 8th son
Concubine, of Šuhu clan (次室术虎氏)
Wanyan Dumu, Prince Zhuangxiang of Lu (魯莊襄王 完顏闍母), 9th son
Concubine, of Šuhu clan (次室术虎氏)
Wanyan Chala, Prince of Yi (沂王 完顏查剌), 10th son
Concubine, of the Ukurin clan (烏古論氏)
Wanyan Ang, Prince of Yun (鄆王 完顏昂), 11th son
References
Citations
Sources
Jing-shen Tao, The Jurchen in Twelfth-Century China. University of Washington Press, 1976, .
Jurchen history
1039 births
1092 deaths
Diego Ormaechea (born 19 July 1959) is a former Uruguayan rugby union player and a current coach. They played as a number eight. Ormaechea is considered the greatest Uruguayan rugby player of all time. Their contribution to rugby has been significant, not only as a player and coach, but as an inspirational personality that attracts many youngsters to the sport.
Their profession is Veterinary Surgeon specialised in Racing Horses.  They are one of the top veterinary surgeons in South America in their discipline.
Their son, Agustín Ormaechea, is a current Uruguayan international rugby union player.
Playing career
Ormaechea was born in Montevideo, Uruguay. They were introduced to rugby as a fifteen-year-old in 1976, and played for over two decades. They played most of their career at Carrasco Polo Club, winning the national championship thirteen times.
They also hold the national record for Uruguay, with 73 caps and 16 tries scored, 79 points in aggregate, during 20 years, from 1979 to 1999.
Ormaechea, aged 40 years old, was also the oldest player ever at the Rugby World Cup finals, in 1999, being the captain in their country first ever presence at the event. They scored a try in the 27-15 win over Spain.
They left rugby for a year, but later returned for a final season at Carrasco Polo Club, before putting an end to their long career, in 2001, aged 41.
Coaching
Ormaechea was the coach of the Uruguay national team that qualified and played at the 2003 Rugby World Cup finals. They managed to win again a game, at the 24-12 defeat of Georgia.
Ormaechea is currently the coach of Carrasco Polo Club.
Together with their friends Washington Amarillo and Eduardo Loedel Soca, they promoted and implemented the changes that allowed Uruguay to participate in all Under 17, 18, 19 and 20, as well as Sevens, international competitions.
Honors
In 2019, World Rugby inducts Ormaechea to its Hall of Fame, the first Uruguayan rugby player ever, alongside Richie McCaw, Shiggy Konno, Os du Randt, Peter Fatialofa, and Graham Henry.
References
Richards, Huw A Game for Hooligans: The History of Rugby Union (Mainstream Publishing, Edinburgh, 2007, )
External links
1959 births
Living people
Rugby union players from Montevideo
Uruguayan people of Basque descent
Uruguayan rugby union players
Uruguayan rugby union coaches
Uruguayan veterinarians
Rugby union number eights
World Rugby Hall of Fame inductees
Uruguay international rugby union players
Uruguay national rugby union team coaches
Robertson Channel () is a body of water separating Mitchell Peninsula from Pidgeon Island and Warrington Island, in the Windmill Islands. It was first mapped from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump and Operation Windmill in 1947 and 1948, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Richard A. Robertson, glaciologist and member of the Wilkes Station party of 1958.
Channels of the Southern Ocean
Bodies of water of Wilkes Land
Hai Au Paper JSC (CTCP Giấy Hải Âu; HASTC:GHA) is a paper company in Vietnam. It is a subsidiary company of HAPACO (Hanoi Paper Company) and is listed on the Hanoi Securities Trading Center. Hai Au is active in the paper sector, producing packaging material and forestry supplies, and trading paper goods and goods involved in the paper industry. It is located in Hai Phong.
See also
Paper mill
Papermaking
References
External links
Google finance, Hai Au Paper JSC
HAPACO, official site, in Vietnamese
Companies listed on the Hanoi Stock Exchange
Pulp and paper companies of Vietnam
Haiphong
Alfons Riedel (31 July 1901 – 1 April 1969) was an Austrian sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1901 births
1969 deaths
20th-century Austrian sculptors
Austrian male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Vienna
20th-century Austrian male artists
Montgomery Hill Baptist Church is a historic church on the east side of Highway 59 on CR 80 in Tensaw, Alabama. It was built in 1853 in a Greek Revival style. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
Baptist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Baldwin County, Alabama
Greek Revival church buildings in Alabama
Churches completed in 1853
Churches in Baldwin County, Alabama
SL convoys were a numbered series of North Atlantic trade convoys during the Second World War. Merchant ships carrying commodities bound to the British Isles from South America, Africa, and the Indian Ocean traveled independently to Freetown, Sierra Leone to be convoyed for the last leg of their voyage to Liverpool.
History
On the basis of World War I experience, SL convoys were one of four trade convoy routes organized at the beginning of the Battle of the Atlantic. The other routes were HX convoys from North America, HG convoys from the Mediterranean, and a short-lived series of HN convoys from Norway. Eight ships sailed as convoy SL 1 sailed on 14 September 1939 and three faster ships sailed six days later as a faster section -- sometimes designated SL(F) 1 or SL 1(F). The slower convoy was sometimes similarly suffixed with an (S). Early convoys were usually accompanied by an armed merchant cruiser or one of the South Atlantic Station cruisers based at Freetown; but no anti-submarine screen was provided until the slower and faster sections rendezvoused with a single Escort Group in the Southwest Approaches.
Freetown was little more than a protected anchorage with no shore facilities. The town had been established as a resettlement area for freed slaves, with negligible European development. Convoy operations were coordinated by a naval staff aboard the elderly Union-Castle Liner Edinburgh Castle. Edinburgh Castle and a hospital ship anchored as far offshore as practicable to avoid the unhealthy conditions ashore. Tropical diseases were endemic in the oppressive heat and humidity. Local fresh water supplies were polluted. Refueling coal from the United Kingdom and oil from the West Indies was held and distributed afloat in detained merchant ships. Shore facilities were inadequate to support anti-submarine escorts for convoys until January 1941. Air cover was flown from Cornwall, Gibraltar, and Freetown when conditions allowed; but a northern Azores air gap and a southern Canaries air gap remained where U-boats and surface raiders could patrol the convoy routes unobserved. The northern gap was closed when air patrols began flying from the Azores in October 1943.
Convoy SL 125 sailed on 16 October 1942 before Operation Torch discontinued sailings from Freetown. Shipping was routed along the east coast of the Americas to Halifax until convoy SL 126 sailed from Freetown on 12 March 1943. Convoy SL 128 merged with convoy MKS 12 off Gibraltar in April 1943 to be designated SL 128/MKS 12 and all subsequent SL convoys had a similar joint designation format. The effective range of U-boats was decreased by Allied capture of French Atlantic seaports in 1944. The reduced threat of submarine attack off the African Atlantic coast allowed merchant ships to sail independently to Gibraltar after convoy SL 178/MKS 69 left Freetown on 25 November 1944.
OS convoys
From 7 September 1939, OutBound OB convoys had sailed from Liverpool south through St George's Channel to the open Atlantic. OB convoys were escorted for about four days from Land's End before the convoy would disperse and individual ships proceed independently to their destinations. As U-boats found and sank increasing numbers of ships dispersed from OB convoys, OB convoys were replaced by ON convoys and by OS convoys formed of ships Outbound to the South Atlantic and escorted all the way to Freetown. Convoy OS 1 sailed from Liverpool on 24 July 1941, and reached Freetown on 10 August. An escort group would screen a southbound OS convoy and return with a northbound SL convoy. Convoy OS 40 reached Freetown on 27 September 1942, but following convoys OS 41 and OS 42 dispersed at sea; and OS convoys were suspended by Operation Torch until convoy OS 43 left Liverpool on 14 February 1943. Convoy OS 46 was combined with convoy KMS 13 of ships detaching off Gibraltar with the joint designation OS 46/MKS 13. Sailings from Liverpool continued under the joint designations until convoy OS 130/KMS 105 on 27 May 1945; but, as the Mediterranean route became safe for Indian Ocean destinations, convoy OS 92/KMS 66 was the last to proceed as far as Freetown on 4 November 1944.
Convoy battles
SL 7 lost Arlington Court torpedoed by on 16 November 1939.
SL 8 lost Royston Grange torpedoed by on 25 November 1939.
SL 34 lost two ships torpedoed by on 12 June 1940.
SL 36 lost two ships torpedoed by on 30 June 1940 and by on 1 July.
SL 43 lost Theodoros T. torpedoed by and the escort torpedoed by on 27 August 1940.
SL 44 lost St. Glen bombed by aircraft on 6 September 1940.
SL 45 lost Nailsea River bombed by aircraft on 15 September 1940.
SL 52 lost Nalon bombed by aircraft on 6 November 1940.
SL 53 lost Apapa bombed by aircraft on 15 November 1940.
SL 64 lost seven ships sunk by the on 12 February 1941.
SL 67 lost five ships torpedoed by and on 8 March 1941 but presence of prevented attack by German battleships and .
SL 68 lost six ships torpedoed by and in March 1941.
SL 69 lost Swedru bombed by aircraft on 16 April 1941.
SL 72 lost Somerset bombed by aircraft on 11 May 1941.
SL 73 lost Starcross torpedoed by the on 20 May 1941.
SL 76 lost two ships torpedoed by the Italian submarine on 13 June 1941.
SL 78 lost four ships torpedoed by and on 26 and 27 June 1941.
OS 1 lost Botwey torpedoed by on 26 July 1941.
SL 81 lost five ships torpedoed by three U-boats on 5 August 1941. Escorts sank and shot down a Focke-Wulf Fw 200 Condor.
OS 4 lost four ships torpedoed by on 27 August 1941 and another torpedoed by the following day.
SL 85 lost Daru bombed by aircraft on 15 September 1941.
SL 87 lost seven ships torpedoed by four U-boats in September 1941.
SL 89 lost two ships torpedoed by on 21 October 1941.
OS 10 lost Bennekom torpedoed by on 31 October 1941. Lothar-Günther Buchheim was aboard U-96, and the battle provided inspiration for the film Das Boot.
OS 12 lost Thornliebank torpedoed by on 29 November 1941.
SL 97 escort sank on 15 January 1942.
SL 98 sank escort on 31 January 1942.
OS 18 escort sank on 6 February 1942.
SL 109 lost Denpark torpedoed by on 12 May 1942.
OS 28 lost two ships torpedoed by on 21 May 1942.
OS 33 lost seven ships torpedoed by three U-boats, and escort sank on 12 July 1942.
SL 115 escort sank the Italian submarine Pietro Calvi on 14 July 1942.
OS 34 lost two ships torpedoed by on 19 July 1942.
SL 118 lost four ships torpedoed by three U-boats in August 1942.
SL 119 lost two ships torpedoed by on 28 August 1942.
SL 125 was used as a tactical diversion to clear U-boats from the path of troopship convoys for Operation Torch. Twelve ships sunk with 426 dead in the final days of October, 1942, constituted the largest loss from any SL convoy.
OS 44 lost four ships torpedoed by on 13 March 1943.
SL 126 lost four ships torpedoed by and in March 1943.
OS 45 lost two ships torpedoed by on 2 April 1943.
SL 128/MKS 12 lost Laconikos torpedoed by on 7 May 1943.
SL 129/MKS 13 lost Alpera bombed by aircraft on 22 May 1943.
SL 131/MKS 15 lost two ships bombed by aircraft on 23 June 1943.
OS 52/KMS 21 lost two ships bombed by aircraft on 26 and 27 July 1943.
OS 58/KMS 32 lost Warfield bombed by aircraft on 15 August 1943.
SL 135/MKS 22 escort sank on 30 August 1943.
SL 138/MKS 28 lost Hallfried torpedoed by on 31 October 1943, and escorts sank .
SL 139/MKS 30 escorts sank three U-boats in November 1943, and U-boats shot down two bombers.
SL 140/MKS 31 escorts sank three U-boats in November 1943, and U-boats shot down two bombers.
OS 62/KMS 36 lost torpedoed by on 24 December 1944.
OS 64/KMS 38 lost HMS Tweed torpedoed by on 3 January 1944, and shot down a bomber.
OS 65/KMS 39 escort sank on 19 January 1944.
SL 147/MKS 38 escorts sank five U-boats in January 1944.
SL 149/MKS 40 lost LST-362 torpedoed by on 2 March 1944.
SL 150/MKS 41 lost HMS Asphodel torpedoed by on 6 March 1944.
OS 115/KMS 89 lost Lornaston torpedoed by on 8 March 1945.
Notes
References
SL 0
Battle of the Atlantic
The 1980 Texas–Arlington Mavericks football team was an American football team that represented the University of Texas at Arlington in the Southland Conference during the 1980 NCAA Division I-A football season. In their seventh year under head coach Harold Elliott, the team compiled a 3–8 record.
Schedule
References
Texas–Arlington
Texas–Arlington Mavericks football seasons
Texas–Arlington Mavericks football
Thanapol Intharit (or spelt Thanapon Intharit; ; nickname: Suea–เสือ) is a Thai singer, musician, producer and songwriter.
Life and career
They were born in Kalasin province and graduated from Rajamangala Institute of Technology Isan Campus (Rajamangala University of Technology Isan) and Ramkhamhaeng University. They started as a musician by forming a band with friends and relatives in the name Chiang Nuea (เฉียงเหนือ) who played as a backup band across the Isan region (northeast region).
Later, they joined the RS Promotion as an art director and costume designer including songwriting, especially Keb Tawan (เก็บตะวัน) in 1988, that is the song that made famous for Itti Palangkul.
In 1994, they had the opportunity to release their first studio album entitled T Kong Suea (ทีของเสือ), which was immediately successful. There are many popular songs such as Rak Kong Yang Mai Por (รักคงยังไม่พอ), Chiwit Née (ชีวิตหนี้) and 18 Fhon (18 ฝน) and they participated in Short Charge Shock Rock Concert: Suea Ampan at the Thai Army Sports Stadium with Surat "Pe" Tabwang (Pe Hi-Rock) and Phisut "Jeab" Sabvijit, and joined again in Shot Charge Shock Rock Concert: Lek Kumram with SMF in 1995 at the same place.
In 1998, Intharit moved to Grammy Entertainment and released their second studio album Jai Dee...Su Suea (ใจดี...สู้เสือ) until 2012, they became a free label musician.
Discography
Studio albums
T Kong Suea (ทีของเสือ) 1994
Jai Dee...Su Suea (ใจดี...สู้เสือ) 1998
Khon Chai Chiwit (คนใช้ชีวิต) 2000
Chong Wang Nai Hua Jai (ช่องว่างในหัวใจ) 2003
Rak Khon Thai (รักคนไทย) 2005
Tawee Khun (ทวีคูณ) 2008
Singles
Kaewta Duangjai (แก้วตาดวงใจ) (ost. of Kaewta Duangjai; 1991)
Kadee Daeng (คดีแดง) (ost. of Kadee Daeng; 1991)
Sia Khon (เสียคน) (ost. of Nam Pu; 2002)
Ton Thun (ต้นทุน) (ost. of Sam Hua Jai Soem Yai Lek; 2014)
References
1964 births
Living people
Thanapol Intharit
Thanapol Intharit
Thanapol Intharit
Thanapol Intharit
th:ธนพล อินทฤทธิ์
KB8 may stand for:
Kobe Bryant (1978–2020), former professional basketball player
Kidz Bop 8, an album by Kidz Bop
Türkan Şoray (; born 28 June 1945) is a Turkish actor, writer and film director of Circassian origin.  They are known as "Sultan" of the Cinema of Turkey. They started their career in 1960, and won their first award as the most successful actor at the 1st Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival for the movie Acı Hayat. Having appeared in more than 222 films, Şoray has starred in the most feature films for a female actor worldwide. On 12 March 2010, Şoray was chosen as a UNICEF goodwill ambassador in Turkey, about which they said: "I think there is nothing that cannot be done with love. If we combine power with love, we can overcome many problems".
Together with Hülya Koçyiğit, Filiz Akın and Fatma Girik, they are an icon for a golden age in Turkish cinematography and is regarded as one of the four most important actores in Turkish cinema. Out of these actores, Şoray is the only one who also pursued a career in film directing, and directed the movies Dönüş (1972), Azap (1973), Bodrum Hâkimi (1976), Yılanı Öldürseler (1981), and Uzaklarda Arama (2015).
Early life
Şoray was born in Eyüp, Istanbul, as the first child of a family of government officials. Them father was of Circassian descent, while their maternal grandfather was a
Turkish immigrant from Thessaloniki.
While they were studying at Fatih Girls High School as a daughter of one of the landowners in Karagümrük, they visit a set with actor Emel Yıldız who had starred in Panter Emel, and there with the encouragement of Türker İnanoğlu they decide to pursue a career in cinema. Türkân Şoray recounts their memory of starting their cinema career:
Career
While studying at Fatih Kız Lisesi middle school, the homeowner's daughter of their house in Karagümrük later known as “Panter Emel” and Türkân Şoray went to the same film set. With incentive from Türker İnanoğlu, they made their first steps into Yeşilçam. Instead of Emel Yıldız marking the beginning of Türkan Şoray's career the 1960s “Köyde Bir Kız Sevdim” co-starred with Baki Tamer. Türkân Şoray recounts the memories of their introduction to cinema as such:
”Before entering cinema a film set arrived to our neighborhood. They were going to film a set of the movie in our neighborhood. When I saw the leading role actor I thought to myself ‘what a beautiful woman'. That woman was Muhterem Nur. As I was looking dumbfounded a man approached me and asked ‘Do you want to act in the movies too?'. I was scared and ran home immediately. I learned later on that, that man was Memduh Ün. Back then I ran from a movie set but later on movie sets became my life”recounts Türkân Şoray
Şoray earned their first Golden Orange award in 1964 for their role as Nermin opposite Ekrem Bora in the movie Acı Hayat which was directed by Metin Erksan. In 1968, Şoray received their second Golden Orange award for their work in the movie Vesikalı Yarim, written by Safa Önal and based on Sait Faik Abasıyanık's "Menekşeli Vadi". At the Istanbul Film Festival, where the renewed copy of the film was republished many years later, Şoray said:
Later career
They went on working with respectable directors in later years. One of them was Atıf Yılmaz, with whom they would work in both dramas and comedies. In the 1970s they also acted in films with a more realistic theme. They also directed four films in those years. Them most applauded films in the 1970s included Selvi Boylum Al Yazmalım, Hazal, Sultan, Dönüş and Baraj. In those films they were mostly accompanied by the famous Turkish actor Kadir İnanır.
Awards
They won their first of many awards when they received the best actor prize at the 'Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival' for the film Acı Hayat (Bitter Life).
At the end of the 1960s, they were named one of the four greatest actores of the Turkish cinema. They were highly applauded for their choices in film and their ability to act in a wide variety of roles. They starred in Vesikalı Yarim (My Licensed Love) for which they were awarded the Best Actress Award for the second time in the Antalya Film Festival.
In the 1980s they began portraying women with problems of female identity; Mine, Rumuz Goncagül (Nickname: Goncagül), On Kadın (Ten Women) etc. They won their third Best Actress Award from the Antalya Film Festival in 1987 with the film Hayallerim, Aşkım ve Sen(My Dreams, My Love and You), in which they portray three different women, each of whom is a facet of Türkân Şoray herself.
Some of their awards are:
Antalya Film Festival Best Actress Award
1964-Acı Hayat
1968-Vesikalı Yarim
1987-Hayallerim, Aşkım ve Sen
1994-Bir Aşk Uğruna
Moscow Film Festival Grand Jury Prize
1973-Dönüş (her directorial debut)
Tashkent Film Festival Best Actress Award
1978-Selvi Boylum Al Yazmalım
Bastia Film Festival Best Actress Award
1992-Soğuktu ve Yağmur Çiseliyordu
1996 Istanbul Film Festival, Honorary Cinema Award
1999 Rome Film Festival, Honorary Award
 They are also a member of Eurasian Academy.
Filmography
As an actor
As a director
Dönüş – 1972
Azap – 1973
Bodrum Hakimi – 1976
Yılanı Öldürseler – 1981 (with Şerif Gören)
Uzaklarda Arama – 2015
Music albums
Türkan Şoray Söylüyor (2015)
Books
"Sinemam ve Ben" (autobiography), Türkan Şoray, NTV Yayınları, 2012, Istanbul.
Books about them
"Türkân Şoray, Bir Yıldız Böyle Doğdu" (documentary novel), Agah Özgüç, Göl publications, 1974, Istanbul.
"Sümbül Sokağın Tutsak Kadını" (biography), Atilla Dorsay, Remzi Bookstore, 1997, Istanbul.
"Türkân Şoray''" (biography), Agah Özgüç, Açıkşehir publications, 2001, Istanbul.
"Türkân Şoray ile Yüz Yüze", Feridun Andaç, Drahma publications, 2010, Istanbul.
"50 Yıllık Aşk - Türkan Şoray", Ercan Akarsu, Esen Books, 2014, Istanbul.
"Sinema Emekçisi - Türkan Şoray", Ercan Akarsu, Esen Books, 2015, Istanbul.
See also
Nazan Şoray
Nazan Saatci
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
People from Eyüp
Turkish people of Circassian descent
State Artists of Turkey
Turkish film actores
Turkish film directors
Turkish women film directors
Best Actress Golden Orange Award winners
Best Actress Golden Boll Award winners
Golden Orange Life Achievement Award winners
20th-century Turkish actores
Tsaryova () is a rural locality (a settlement) and the administrative center of Kalininskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 396 as of 2002.
Geography
Tsaryova is located 26 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Yekimikha is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Nikki Coates is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Great Britain. , they compete in the FIM CEV Moto2 European Championship for Team Stratos aboard an .
Career statistics
2004- Irish 125cc Championship #65 Honda RS125R
2005- 32nd, British 125cc Championship #29 Honda RS125R
2006- 18th, British 125cc Championship #65 Honda RS125R
2007- 5th, British 125cc Championship #65 Honda RS125R
2008- 17th, British National Superstock 600 Championship #65 Honda CBR600RR
2009- 10th, British National Superstock 600 Championship #65 Yamaha YZF-R6
2010- 11th, British National Superstock 600 Championship #65 Yamaha YZF-R6
2011- 34th, CEV Moto2 Championship #65 AJR EVO 2011
2012- 15th, British Supersport Championship #65 Yamaha YZF-R6
2013- 26th, British Supersport Championship #85 Kawasaki ZX-6R
2014- NC, British National Superstock 1000 Championship #65 Kawasaki ZX-10R
2015- 27th, CEV Moto2 European Championship #65
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
British motorcycle racers
Living people
1989 births
Sportspeople from Belfast
The Sulafa Tower is a 76-story skyscraper in the Dubai Marina in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 288 m (945 ft), making it the 25th tallest building in Dubai and 172nd tallest in the world. Construction of the Sulafa Tower by Turkish conglomerate TAV Construction was completed in 2010.
On the afternoon of 20 July 2016, a fire erupted in the tower. No casualties were recorded. Many people in this tower were allowed to seek refuge in a nearby hotel tower. This is the second fire in a skyscraper in Dubai.
Gallery
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Dubai
List of the tallest buildings in the United Arab Emirates
References
External links
TAV Website
Emporis
Residential skyscrapers in Dubai
The epidemiology of depression has been studied across the world.
Depression is a major cause of morbidity worldwide, as the epidemiology has shown. Lifetime prevalence estimates vary widely, from 3% in Japan to 17% in India. Epidemiological data shows higher rates of depression in the Middle East, North Africa, South Asia and U.S.A than in other countries. Among the 10 countries studied, the number of people who would experience depression during their lives falls within an 8–12% range in most of them.
In North America, the probability of having a major depressive episode within any year-long period is 3–5% for males and 8–10% for females.
Demographic dynamics
Population studies have consistently shown major depression to be about twice as common in women as in men, although it is not yet clear why this is so. The relative increase in occurrence is related to pubertal development rather than chronological age, reaches adult ratios between the ages of 15 and 18, and appears associated with psychosocial more than hormonal factors.
People are most likely to suffer their first depressive episode between the ages of 30 and 40, and there is a second, smaller peak of incidence between ages 50 and 60. The risk of major depression is increased with neurological conditions such as stroke, Parkinson's disease, or multiple sclerosis and during the first year after childbirth. The risk of major depression has also been related to environmental stressors faced by population groups such as war combatants or physicians in training.
It is also more common after cardiovascular illnesses, and is related to a poor outcome of cardiovascular diseases. Studies conflict on the prevalence of depression in the elderly, but most data suggest there is a reduction in this age group. Depressive disorders are most common in urbaner than in rural population and, in general, the prevalence is higher in groups with adverse socio-economic factors (for example in homeless people).
Data on the relative prevalence of major depression among different ethnic groups have reached no clear consensus. However, the only known study to have covered dysthymia in the US specifically found it to be more common in African and Mexican Americans than in European Americans.
Projections indicate that depression may be the second leading cause of life lost after heart disease by 2020.
In 2016, a study, published by JAMA Psychiatry, and written by Charlotte Wessel Skovlund, found an association between hormonal contraception and depression.
By country
Age-standardised disability-adjusted life year (DALY) rates per 10,000 inhabitants in 2017.
See also
Prevalence of mental disorders
References
Major depressive disorder
Depression
Typex (born 1 September 1962 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch cartoonist.  They are the winner of the 2019 Stripschapprijs.
References
Dutch cartoonists
Winners of the Stripschapsprijs
Living people
1962 births
Artists from Amsterdam
HMS Watchman was a W-class destroyer of the British Royal Navy that saw service in the final months of World War I, in the Russian Civil War, and in World War II.
Construction and commissioning
Watchman was ordered on 9 December 1916 and was laid down by John Brown & Company at Clydebank, Scotland, on 17 January 1917. Launched on 2 December 1917, they were completed on 26 January 1918 and commissioned the same day. They were assigned the pennant number G23 in January 1918; it was changed to G09 in April 1918, and to D26 during the interwar period.
Service history
World War I
Upon completion, Watchman was assigned to the Grand Fleet, based at Scapa Flow in the Orkney Islands, in which they served for the rest of World War I.
Interwar
Watchman and the destroyer were dispatched from Scapa Flow in late March 1919 to take part in the Freedom of the City celebration at Liverpool in honor of the Grand Fleets commander, Admiral Sir David Beatty, proceeding then for a five-day visit in early April 1919 to Preston, Lancashire, to acknowledge the work of the Vegetable Products Committee in providing fresh fruit and vegetables to the Royal Navy during World War I; 50,000 people visited the ships while they were at Preston. The two destroyers then returned to Scapa Flow. Watchman later took part in the British campaign against Bolshevik forces in the Baltic Sea during 1919, seeing action against Russian warships.
Watchman was part of the 1st Destroyer Flotilla in the Atlantic Fleet from 1921. On 12 July 1921, Watchman was part of the Royal Squadron – which also included the light cruiser , the destroyer , the Royal Yacht , the French Navy battleship , and two French destroyers – that accompanied King George V and their consort Queen Mary as they visited Jersey aboard the Royal Yacht .
During the Irish Civil War, Watchman patrolled off the coast of Ireland in 1922, at one point joining the light cruiser in carrying Irish Protestant children from an orphanage to safety after the Irish Republican Army burned down their building at Clifden in County Galway.
Watchman was decommissioned, transferred to the Reserve Fleet, and placed in reserve later in the interwar period.
In 1939, Watchman was recommissioned as the fleet mobilised in the face of rising tensions between the United Kingdom and Nazi Germany.
World War II
1939-1940
When the United Kingdom entered World War II in early September 1939, Watchman was assigned to contraband control duty with the 17th Destroyer Flotilla at Gibraltar. With the start of the war, they began convoy defence and patrol duties from Gibraltar, which they continued into 1940. From 8 to 10 January 1940, they escorted Convoy HG 12 during the first leg of its voyage from Gibraltar to Liverpool, detaching to return to Gibraltar. Similarly, they and the destroyer joined Convoy HG 22 on its voyage from Gibraltar to Liverpool on 12 March, and the two destroyers dropped depth charges on a submarine contact on 19 March; Watchman detached from HG 22 to return to Gibraltar on 20 March when relieved by the local escort in the Southwestern Approaches. They rendezvoused with Convoy OG 24F upon its formation in the Southwestern Approaches on 29 March 1940 and escorted it until its arrival at Gibraltar on 4 April 1940. From 5 to 7 April 1940, they joined the sloops and of Convoy HG 25 during the first two days of its voyage from Gibraltar to the United Kingdom.
In May 1940, Watchmans pennant number was changed to I26. On 12 June 1940, they attacked an Italian Royal Navy submarine – either or (sources differ) – off Gibraltar and, although the submarine survived, the Royal Navy later assessed that Watchman had inflicted severe damage on them After France surrendered to Germany on 22 June 1940, the Royal Navy feared that warships of the French Navy would fall into German hands, and Watchman was sent from Gibraltar to Casablanca, French Morocco, to keep an eye on the French battleship , with orders to shadow Jean Bart if they left port. Ordered out of port by the French naval commander on 23 June 1940, Watchman patrolled off Casablanca for the next several days to detect any movements by Jean Bart until relieved by Velox.
On 26 June 1940, the Royal Navy placed the 13th Destroyer Flotilla at the disposal of Force H, which had just been formed at Gibraltar. Watchman and Vortigern took part in an operation with Force H when they departed Gibraltar as part of a force which also included the aircraft carrier , the battleships and , the battlecruiser , the light cruisers and , and the destroyers , , , , , , and to test Italian naval and air responses in the Central Mediterranean Sea and as a diversion from two convoys attempting to reinforce and resupply Malta from Alexandria, Egypt, under cover of the British Mediterranean Fleet. The force came under attack by Italian Royal Air Force bombers off Sardinia on 9 July 1940; although the Italians scored no hits, Force H opted to return to Gibraltar rather than take any further risks, and arrived at Gibraltar on 11 July, but not before the fatally damaged Escort with a torpedo on the morning of 11 July. The operation succeeded in keeping the Italian Air Force from interfering in the convoy operation or in the Battle of Calabria that the Mediterranean Fleet fought against the heavy forces of the Italian Royal Navy in defense of the convoys.
Later in July 1940, the Royal Navy selected Watchman for transfer to the United Kingdom. Accordingly, they departed Gibraltar and began convoy escort and patrol duties in the Western Approaches in August 1940. From 5 to 7 August, she, Vortigern, and the destroyers , , , , , and provided the local escort for the military convoy WS 2 during the first two days of its voyage as it transited the Southwestern Approaches, returning to the River Clyde after detaching from the convoy.
Watchman was transferred to the 6th Escort Group at Liverpool in September 1940. In October they deployed with the Rosyth Escort Force at Rosyth, Scotland, and on 1 November 1940 came under attack by German aircraft while escorting a convoy in the North Sea with the destroyer and the corvette . In December 1940, they returned to duty with the 6th Escort Group in the Western Approaches.
1941
From 12 to 16 January 1941, Watchman joined Fearless, Harvester, Highlander, the destroyers , , , , and , and the Free French Naval Forces destroyer as escort for the military convoy WS 5b during the first four days of its voyage from the Clyde, detaching to return to the Clyde. They continued on North Atlantic convoy defence duties with the 6th Escort Group until July 1941, when they transferred to the 8th Escort Group for continued North Atlantic convoy escort operations. With their new group, they were part of the escort for Convoy HX 143 in August 1941. On 4 September 1941, when the United States Navy destroyer , operating on the Neutrality Patrol, detected and came under attack by the , Watchman was the first Royal Navy ship to arrive on the scene to take over operations against the submarine, but U-652 escaped. With the 8th Escort Group, Watchman provided the escort for Convoy ONS 23 and Convoy ON 30 in October 1941, for Convoy HX 160 in November 1941 – the month in which the civil community of Brierley Hill, then in Staffordshire, "adopted" them in a Warship Week National Savings campaign – and for Convoy ON 51 in December 1941.
1942
Watchman continued operations with the 8th Escort Group until April 1942, when they transferred to the 1st Escort Group with Hurricane, the destroyer , and the corvettes , , , , , and . They operated with their new group on North Atlantic convoy operations until August 1942, when they had a special assignment to carry out trials of the prototype Radar Plan Display (PPI), later known as Outfit JE. By September they were back in action with the 8th Escort Group in the North Atlantic.
1943
After continuing their convoy defence duties in the early months of 1943, Watchman entered a commercial shipyard at Liverpool to undergo conversion into a Long-Range Escort. They underwent post-conversion acceptance trials and pre-deployment work-ups in August 1943 before joining the 1st Escort Group to defend convoys steaming between the United Kingdom and Gibraltar.
In November 1943, Watchman transferred to the Gibraltar Escort Force. On 18 November, they and the destroyer departed Gibraltar to reinforce the escort of the merged convoys MKS 30 and SL 139, which were under heavy attack by German submarines of the Schill group. Watchman and Winchelsea rendezvoused with the convoys on 19 November. They assisted in the antiaircraft defence of the convoys on 21 November when they came under attack by German Henschel Hs 293 radio-controlled glide bombs launched by Heinkel They 111 aircraft. The escorts succeeded in driving off the attack, but not before the glide bombs sank one merchant ship and damaged another.
Watchman continued convoy duty with the Gibraltar escort force through the end of 1943. They and Hurricane were among the escorts of Convoy OS 62/KMS 36 on the evening of 24 December 1943 when a G7es – known to the Allies as "GNAT" – acoustic torpedo fired by the homed in on Hurricanes propeller noises and blew off of their stern, rendering them unable to move. After Hurricanes crew had been taken off, Watchman torpedoed and sank Hurricane at on the morning of 25 December 1943.
1944-1945
In January 1944, Watchman transferred to the Home Fleet to support and defend Arctic convoys during their voyage between the United Kingdom and the Soviet Union. In February 1944 she, the destroyer , and the frigates and escorted the escort aircraft carrier as the ships steamed to join the escort of Convoy JW 57, with which they rendezvoused on 22 February 1944. Low on fuel, Watchman and the other destroyers in their group detached from JW 57 on 26 February 1944 and headed for the Faroe Islands but were caught in a force 12 gales and as they approached the fjord Watchman became entangled in the anti-submarine boom where they remained until the following day. They soon returned to convoy escort duties in the North Atlantic, which they continued until May 1944.
In May 1944, the Royal Navy assigned Watchman to escort convoys during Operation Neptune, the assault phase of the upcoming Allied invasion of Normandy scheduled for early June 1944. They joined the trawlers and and the Royal Canadian Navy corvette to form Escort Group 138 for the operation. In early June 1944, the group moved to Milford Haven, Wales, to meet Convoy ECB 3, which consisted of 11 coasters operating as stores ships, three empty MT ships, two armament stores carriers, and a water tanker. The convoys departure was delayed when the invasion was postponed from 5 to 6 June due to bad weather, but on 6 June ECB 3 and its escorts got underway and proceeded to the Solent. On 8 June, the third day of the invasion, the convoy proceeded to the invasion beaches, with Watchman and the other escorts driving off an attack by German motor torpedo boats – S-boats, known to the Allies as "E-boats" – along the way. After ECB 3 arrived off the beachhead, Watchman detached on 11 June and returned to Milford Haven. On 13 June, they began escort duty in support of convoys carrying reinforcements and supplies to the beachhead, continuing until they were released from Neptune later in June.
In late June 1944, Watchman was assigned to the defence of coastal convoys and patrol duties in the English Channel. On 21 August 1944, she, the destroyer , and the escort destroyer drove off a German motor torpedo boat attack while escorting a convoy off Beachy Head. They were escorting the military convoy VWP 16 on 6 April 1945 when the attacked it. Watchman counterattacked with their Hedgehog anti-submarine mortar, sinking U-1195 on 7 April at . U-1195 suffered 32 dead, but 14 of their crew survived.
After the surrender of Germany in early May 1945, the Royal Navy quickly decommissioned Watchman and placed them in reserve.
Decommissioning and disposal
Watchman was placed on the disposal list in June 1945. They were sold on 23 July 1945 to Thos. W. Ward for scrapping and by August 1945 was awaiting demolition. After the surrender of Japan on 15 August 1945, they were towed to Inverkeithing, Scotland, for scrapping.
Notes
Bibliography
V and W-class destroyers of the Royal Navy
Ships built on the River Clyde
1917 ships
World War I destroyers of the United Kingdom
World War II destroyers of the United Kingdom
African Honey Bee is a social-franchise beekeeping micro-business incubator established in 2007. Its purpose is to alleviate poverty through sustainable beekeeping, by enabling rural families to benefit from the unpolluted prime honey producing vegetation around them.
History
African Honey Bee was set up by Guy Stubbs, a Christian Social Entrepreneur, who has expertise in developmental beekeeping. Andrew Weeks and Kobus Visser also contributed to the project.
African Honey Bee supports viable micro-beekeeping businesses in southern Africa by developing a network of interlinked beekeeping incubator farms and consumables, appropriate technology, and access to markets. The organization also promotes the benefits of locally-produced honey to consumers.
Beekeepers that partner with African Honey Bee are provided with training, mentoring and support, low-cost infrastructure, equipment, consumables and logistics, and off-take agreements/partnerships with large retailers.
African Honey Bee requires its beekeepers to manage their bees according to its Afri-hive organic beekeeping system, its Nektar management and traceability technology, and its quality standards. Its beekeepers are also managed and mentored by an African Honey Bee senior beekeeper.
Prospective beekeepers from rural areas, generally between the ages of 18 – 26, spend 18 months in an incubation program, during which time they are officially employed by the incubator as salaried working interns. During their incubation, the interns complete an African Honey Bee developed program in beekeeping. They work under guidance of senior beekeepers on an African Honey Bee commercial bee farm. The interns are also assisted to start their own beekeeping business on a small scale, with the view of increasing it once they complete the incubation process. At the end of their incubation, the beekeepers automatically become shareholders in African Honey Bee Kruger Park (Pty) Ltd, the main operating entity of the group, through a stakeholder Trust.
A beekeeper development Trust (that owns 10% of the equity in African Honey Bee Kruger Park Pty Ltd) raises grant funding to provide support to partner beekeepers in the form of mentorship, training, logistics, access to low-cost equipment and consumables.
African Honey Bee's first incubator, Bushbuckridge, began operations in April 2013.
Honey harvested from the incubation farms and procured from partner beekeepers is then transported to a central processing plant where it is strained, bottled, labelled, packaged, and dispatched for distribution. African Honey Bee's Nektar management and traceability technology will allow consumers to trace their batch of honey back to the beekeeper that produced it and see on Google Earth where it comes from.
The African Beekeeper Trust (development trust) has been registered as an NPO and PBO, providing African Honey Bee with a vehicle to raise grant funding for, and manage beekeeper development.
References
Beekeeping
Business incubators of South Africa
Economy of Gauteng
Guangdong Institute of Education () is a provincial higher education institution based in Guangzhou, Guangdong province, China.
History
The university was established in 1955.
References
External links
Guangdong Institute of Education Official Website
Teachers colleges in China
Universities and colleges in Guangzhou
Educational institutions established in 1955
1955 establishments in China
Erwin Friedrich Richard Biegel (25 March 1896 – 24 May 1954) was a German stage and film actor who appeared in over eighty feature films in a variety of supporting roles.
Selected filmography
The Young Count (1935)
Their Late Excellency (1935)
Dinner Is Served (1936)
The Mysterious Mister X (1936)
The Accusing Song (1936)
Truxa (1937)
The Ways of Love Are Strange (1937)
Fremdenheim Filoda (1937)
Gasparone (1937)
Seven Slaps (1937)
Fanny Elssler (1937)
Revolutionshochzeit (1938)
The Stars Shine (1938)
Anna Favetti (1938)
The Man Who Couldn't Say No (1938)
Zwei Frauen (1938)
The Green Emperor (1939)
Woman Without a Past (1939)
Robert and Bertram (1939)
The Rothschilds (1940)
Wunschkonzert (1940)
The Girl at the Reception (1940)
Melody of a Great City (1943)
I Entrust My Wife to You (1943)
Nora (1944)
Young Hearts (1944)
The Years Pass (1945)
Tell the Truth (1946)
Raid (1947)
King of Hearts (1947)
The Court Concert (1948)
Don't Dream, Annette (1949)
The Orplid Mystery (1950)
Torreani (1951)
Dark Eyes (1951)
When the Heath Dreams at Night (1952)
Fritz and Friederike (1952)
When The Village Music Plays on Sunday Nights (1953)
The Dancing Heart (1953)
Such a Charade (1953)
Josef the Chaste (1953)
Bibliography
O'Brien, Mary-Elizabeth. Nazi Cinema as Enchantment: The Politics of Entertainment in the Third Reich. Camden House, 2006.
External links
1896 births
1954 deaths
German male film actors
German male stage actors
Male actors from Berlin
20th-century German male actors
Joseph Freeman may refer to:
Joseph Freeman (fencer) (born 1948), American Olympic fencer
Joseph Freeman (Mormon) (born 1952), African-American Mormon religious leader
Joseph Freeman (politician) (1765–1839), Canadian politician
Joseph Freeman (writer) (1897–1965), American left wing writer and magazine editor
See also
Joseph S. Freedman (born 1946), professor of education at Alabama State University
Joseph Friedman (1900–1982), American inventor
The 2017 iHeartRadio Music Awards were held on March 5, 2017 at The Forum in Inglewood, California, and hosted by Ryan Seacrest. The list of nominations was announced on January 3, 2017. Drake received the most nominations with fifteen categories, followed by The Chainsmokers with twelve.
Performances
The following artists performed at the show:
Winners & nominees
The nominees were announced on January 3, 2017. Winners are highlighted in boldface.
Category mistake
The day of the ceremony, Zayn was incorrectly announced as the winner for the Best Music Video category, and they accepted the award. The error was not caught until the next day, when the actual winner, Fifth Harmony, was announced on the iHeartRadio's official Twitter account. Zayn was then announced as the winner of the category "Best Solo Breakout".
References
2017 in American music
2017 in Los Angeles County, California
2017 music awards
2017
March 2017 events in the United States
The Ise is a long, almost natural river of East Lower Saxony and Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It crosses the district of Gifhorn from north to south and discharges into the Aller at Gifhorn itself.
Course
The source of the Ise lies at a height of above sea level and its mouth at . Its slope of 0.05% is very gentle. The waters of the Ise flow via the Aller and Weser into the North Sea.
The Ise is formed west of Neuekrug in Saxony-Anhalt, immediately on the old Inner German border with Lower Saxony, by the confluence of several small streams. In this Lower Saxony border region the river often runs dry in summer, but below the point where it is joined by the Rade ditch (Graben) its water flow is more consistent.
From there the Ise flows by the villages of (a district of Wittingen), (a district of Wittingen), (a district of Obernholz), Hankensbüttel, Alt Isenhagen (a district of Hankensbüttel), (a district of Wittingen), Schönewörde, Wahrenholz, Wagenhoff, Neudorf-Platendorf, (a district of Gifhorn) and (a district of Gifhorn) to Gifhorn.
The river's only water level gauge () is located near Neudorf-Platendorf, from its mouth.
Just before Gifhorn the Ise feeds the castle moat in Gifhorn as well as the Mühlensee lake, on which the Gifhorn Mill Museum stands. In Gifhorn's town centre the Ise meets the Aller, shortly after the point where it is dammed to power a mill. In older lexica, Gifhorn is characterised as an old 'marsh castle' () on the two rivers.
Catchment area
The Ise has a catchment area of . This is bisected in a north-south direction by the Elbe Lateral Canal that flows at a height of above sea level. The natural stream passes under the canal in culverts. The most important tributaries of the Ise are the Bruno, Beberbach and Knesebach; others include the Fulau, Gosebach, Isebeck, Momerbach and Riet. The catchment area of the Elbe begins east of the Ise region.
Water quality
The Lower Saxony water quality report of 2004 assessed chemical water pollution of the Ise as variable. The values for organic pollution, nitrate, ammonium and phosphate contamination varied from lightly polluted to critically polluted. At the Jägerhof, a popular destination for day trippers, on the B 188 near Gifhorn there has been a testing station since 1967 where water quality is measured. The White-stem Pondweed, a species of plant that is in danger of becoming extinct in Lower Saxony, grows very luxuriantly in this particular area.
Points of interest
The Ise used to be maintained by the Iseverband Wasser Association in Wahrenholz but has been superseded by the Aller-Ohre-Verband in Gifhorn. There is no shipping on the river but it is well suited to canoe tours (boats may be hired near Gifhorn). In recent decades the Ise and its surrounding landscape has been discovered to be a valuable natural habitat, so that its use for nature conservation has become a top priority. In general, the river crosses wide, flat meadow country, far from habitation, in a sparsely-populated region. Shortly before its mouth in Gifhorn, near the river banks, are the Gifhorn Mill Museum and Gifhorn Castle. Several hundred metres downstream is another mill, the Cardenapsmühle. This has been a watermill at least since the 27 January 1213 (when it was mentioned in a deed of donation by Otto IV) and, until its closure in 2004, was one of the oldest working mills in Europe.
Otter habitat
The Emmer stream (Emmer-Bach), that discharges into the Ise, flows through Hankensbüttel, where the Otter Centre is located. The Otter Centre is a very popular tourist destination with about 100,000 visitors annually. Since 1987 they have worked on revitalising the Ise. As part of a research and development project, a lot of work has been carried out in the valley. The aim was to create a self-sustaining environment around the waterway. The leading animal species for this project was the European otter. Since 1987 the Otter Conservation Project (Aktion Fischotterschutz) has purchased around of agricultural land by the river and has converted the bulk of it into grassland. In addition, 46 km of unused river bank has been planted with alders. As part of long-term scientific work accompanying the project, its development has been documented and assessed.
Name derivatives
The old , now part of Gifhorn district, was partly named after the river and its local newspaper is the Isenhagener Kreisblatt. In the vicinity, not far from the river, is the old Isenhagen Abbey. It was used as a monastery until the Protestant Reformation and has since become a Protestant convent.
Timber rafting
In 1571 the Celle Duke, William the Younger, submitted a plan to float logs down the Ise, an activity known as timber rafting (Flößerei). Its purpose was to convey logs from the royal forests to the ducal Residenz town of Celle, where it was needed as fuel for heating Celle Castle and other royal buildings. On the Ise north of Gifhorn were several royal forests that could have been logged. For some reason the project was not carried out. In 1617 the rafting of logs to Celle was again proposed by the officials of Knesebeck and Gifhorn to the Duke of Celle, by this time Christian the Elder. Estimates at the time put the cost of transporting logs by horse and cart at about 10 times that of rafting them down the river. These plans foundered on the rocks of the Thirty Years War which started in 1618. As a result, timber rafting down the Ise was not introduced until the reign of Duke Christian Louis. For this they called for a senior forester from Harzburg and a mine surveyor from Clausthal to advise him. In the Harz mountains they had a lot of experience with timber rafting because logs were needed for the ironworks there. Based on the recommendations of the advisors, in 1659 the river was cleared of rubbish, bushes and mud by several hundred farmers conscripted for the purpose. Extensive earthworks were created in order to get rid of the many meanders and shorten the course of the river. The canal cuts in the Ise valley left artificial ox-bows. Wooden sluices with sluice channels were built at Wahrenholz and Gifhorn. The first test run was carried out in 1659 and timber rafting officially began on the Ise in 1661 when 4,400 stères of wood fuel was transported to Gifhorn and from there down the Aller to Celle.
To begin with 100 men were employed on the task. They freed logs that had jammed at critical points such as sluices, bends, bridges and ox-bows. Later a smaller workforce was employed. Under good conditions it took 10 days for log rafts to reach Celle, otherwise it might take up to 3 weeks. There were 10 assembly points on the Ise where the logs were tied together into rafts. The rafts of logs were about 2.5 metres wide by around 20 metres long. The logging crew comprised 2 or 3 raftsmen. Losses occurred as a result of logs sinking or being stolen en route. In Gifhorn, where the Ise enters the Aller, the logs continued to Celle. In Celle they came to rest at a needle dam and were then hauled ashore. After the death of Duke George William, in 1705, timber rafting on the Ise and Aller went into decline. When the royal household moved to Hanover, Celle lost the baroque lustre of a Residenz town. Raft dealers took over the business. Around 1880, timber rafting on the Ise finally petered out. The cause was the upgrade of tracks and roads and the construction of sawmills in the vicinity of the forests.
See also
List of rivers of Lower Saxony
List of rivers of Saxony-Anhalt
References
Sources
Jürgen Delfs: Die Flößerei auf Ise, Aller und Örtze, Gifhorn 1995,
External links
Water quality report Aller / Quelle 2004 from the State of Lower Saxony (pdf, 1 MB)
Rivers of Lower Saxony
Rivers of Saxony-Anhalt
Gifhorn (district)
Rivers of Germany
Manichaean scripture includes nine main books: the Seven Treatises of Manichaeism, all personally written by Mani in Syriac, the Shabuhragan written by Mani in Middle Persian, and the Arzhang, a series of illustrations painted by Mani.
The Kephalaia are not scriptural but rather a secondary literature on Manichaeism commenting on the scripture.
Seven Treatises
Seven Treatises of Manichaeism, sometimes also referred to as the Manichaean Heptateuch, are seven scriptures personally written by the founder of Manichaeism, Mani, and are the scriptures of Manichaeism.
Recognizing the shortcomings of the religions that preceded him, Mani was determined to create a world, unified religion. In Mani's view, the unity of religious thought in the past could only be achieved when the founders were alive. However, these founders did not write books themselves, and when they died, their disciples went their own way, leading their own religions into division and confusion. Mani said of Manichaeism "The religion I have chosen is ten times greater than any previous religion. First, unlike the previous religions, which were limited to one country and one language, my religion will be popular in every country, in all languages, and spread to the ends of the earth. Secondly, previous religions existed only when they had pure leaders, and once the leaders died, their religion immediately fell into chaos and their precepts and writings were neglected. But my religion, however, thanks to its living classics, its preachers, bishops, friars, and laypeople, and thanks to its wisdom and writings, will endure to the end."
The Gospel of Mani may have been designed as a gospel of the gnostic type, perhaps intended to comment on or replace the Christian gospel.
The Treasure of Life expounds Manichean views on man and the universe;
The Epistles contain letters from Mani and their disciples. Explain the doctrine; Discuss the correctness of Manichaeism from a perspective;
Psalms and Prayers contains hymns written by Mani and their disciples.
The Pragmateia describes the history of humankind;
The Book of Giants tells the story of the watcher and the giant at the beginning of the creation of the world;
The Book of Mysteries is grouped with the Pragmateia and the Book of Giants. It focuses on the nature of the soul using Christian apocryphal imagery
In the Manichaean Compendium these seven scriptures are compared to ships: Power, make seven of them for sailing."
For various reasons, Manichaeism is no longer actively practiced today, and none of the seven scriptures have been found in its entirety. Existing fragments of scriptures in Coptic, Middle Persian, Parthian, Sogdian, Uighur and other languages have been discovered, but their specific ownership needs to be further studied.
Name comparison
Controversy
In the Christian literature, there is another saying of the "Four Sutras of Manichae", which is not mentioned in the accounts of Manichaeism or other religions. There are many errors and it is not enough to believe. For example Kephalaia is not scriptural but rather a literary genre.
Shabuhragan
The Shabuhragan ( Shāpuragān), which means "[the] book of Shapur", was a sacred book of the Manichaean religion, written by the founder Mani (c. 210–276 CE) himself, originally in Middle Persian, and dedicated to Shapur I (c. 215272 CE), the contemporary king of the Sassanid Persian Empire. The book was designed to present to Shapur an outline of Mani's new religion, which united elements from Zoroastrianism, Christianity, and Buddhism . Original Middle Persian fragments were discovered at Turpan, and quotations were brought in Arabic by Biruni: It is the only work of Mani's not written in Syriac This book is listed as one of the seven treatises of Manichaeism in Arabic historical sources, but it is not among the seven treatises in the Manichaean account itself.
The Middle Persian word for "Shabuhragan" is "dw bwn wzrg'y š'bwhrg'n", meaning "the two sutras dedicated to Shabur "The Chinese translation is abbreviated as "two sutras". Mani wrote this book in Middle Persian and presented it to Shabur I, the king of Persia, as an outline of the teachings of Manichaeism. In this book, Mani described their religion as the perfection and continuation of other existing religions, and called themselves the "Sealed Prophet": "Throughout the generations, the apostles of God have never ceased to bring wisdom and work here. Thus, they came in one age through the Apostle Buddha into the countries of India; in another, through the Apostle Zoroaster into Persia; and in another, through Jesus Christ into the West. After that, in this last age, the revelation came, which was prophesied to come to Babylon through Myself, Mani, the apostle of the true God."
Book of Pictures
The Book of Pictures is an atlas illustrating the dualism of light and dark in Manichaeism. It was drawn by Mani and used to explain the doctrine to illiterate people. At this point, Mani believes that their religion is more superior than the previous ones: "Indeed, all the apostles, my brothers who came before me, did not write a book. Their wisdom is just like mine. They did not paint their wisdom in the pictures like me." The importance of the Book of Pictures is second only to the Seven Treatises. In the Parthian language, this collection is also called "Ādrhang".
See also
Mani
Manichaeism
References
Manichaean texts
Wilde Alliance is a British television series produced by Yorkshire Television for the ITV network in 1978. The programme was a light-hearted mystery series created by Ian Mackintosh about a husband-and-wife pair of amateur detectives, Rupert and Amy Wilde (played by John Stride and Julia Foster).
Rupert is a crime novelist, while their wife Amy is their PA, as well as being an artist and designer in their own right. They live in a luxurious apartment in an old Manor House in York, but despite this and an enjoyment of the finer things in life, they are sometimes short of money and are often dogged by Income tax demands. In one episode they even fly on holiday to Amsterdam (in the episode "Affray in Amsterdam") to spend what little profit they have made on one book just to avoid the tax man. They indulge in their amateur detecting more as a sort of diversion from the everyday stress of working life.
Also helping out at times was Rupert's long suffering literary agent Christopher Bridgewater (played by John Lee), who was often having to chase up Rupert to meet a book deadline, only to be unwillingly dragged into yet another of their mysteries. However, in one episode (Things That Go Bump) it is them who asks the Wildes to investigate after buying an old property they believe to be haunted. The only other semi regular in the series is a fellow tenant of the Manor House called Bailey (played by Patrick Newell), a dapper dandy of a man who runs a secret business in pornography of all aspects (some less than savory), as well as using their own flat to shoot pornographic films, all under the noses of the local police.
The mystery series ran for 13 episodes from January 17 to April 11, 1978, and was a big rating hit for ITV, consistantly making the Top 20, and at one point reached 4th in the ratings with a peak viewing audience of 16.6 million. Despite this, there wasn't a second series, but that may of been down to the sudden and mysterious disappearance of it's writer Ian Mackintosh the following year, who along with their girlfriend Susan Insole and friend and pilot Graham Barber went on a flight over the Gulf of Alaska on July 7, 1979 and disappeared. No sign of any of the passengers or any wreckage of the plane has ever been found.
Cast
Rupert Wilde - John Stride
Amy Wilde - Julia Foster
Christopher Bridgewater - John Lee
Crew
Producer - Ian Mackintosh
Executive Producer - David Cunliffe
Theme music - Anthony Isaac
Episodes
DVD release
The complete series is available on DVD in the UK.
References
External links
1978 British television series debuts
1978 British television series endings
1970s British drama television series
1970s British television miniseries
ITV television dramas
Television series by ITV Studios
Television series by Yorkshire Television
English-language television shows
British detective television series
Sponsored post, also known as a promoted post, is a post to any community-driven notification-oriented website which is explicitly sponsored as an advertisement by a particular company in order to draw a large amount of popularity through user promotion and moderation to the most active or most viewed page on the website. The model has become adopted by various ad-supported but community-driven websites as an addition, substitute or replacement of other pay-per-click advertisement formats, such as web banners, text and rich media. Sites and services which utilize sponsored posts include Digg, Reddit, Twitter, and Instagram.
Specifically referring to context of blogs, "sponsored posts" were defined by Mutum and Wang (2010) as "promoted blog entries or posts that contain links that point to the home page or specific product pages of the website of the sponsor for which the blogger receives compensation in the form of money, products, services or in other ways". They are also known as paid posts or sponsored reviews.
Sponsored posts can also serve as a means of curtailing the possibility of companies paying individuals to moderate a submitted link or media to the front page of the website, which often violates the spirit or letter of a site's Terms of Service.
Instagram
Instagram Sponsored Posts, also known as "Influencer Marketing" in Instagram is a form of promoting a brand or product through popular celebrities or influential people. Particularly in Instagram, accounts with a lot of followers accept payments to have other people's contents featured on their page for the sake of promotion to a larger audience. Sponsored post prices of the top influencers on instagram can command 6-figure fees, with some reaching millions for a single post. This method of advertising became very popular but was done in private through direct transactions rather than through a legitimized medium like Instagram where it can be legally documented. As such the content being marketed is not being regulated very well. The Federal Trade Commission sent over 90 letters to influencers that they need to properly disclose that they are being sponsored by a brand or product.
Now, Instagram is seeking to change the transparency of this method of advertising and is launching a new tool for that purpose. Upon the submission of a sponsored post, there will be a visible tag at the top “Paid Partnership With Sponsor Name”. This will allow a more legitimized form of promotion between the influential users of Instagram and the brands willing to get their name out.
After reports began circulating that Instagram shows posts to only a small percentage of users' followers, Instagram released a statement denying it is doing any such thing.
References
See also
Gray propaganda
Hypertargeting
Native advertising
References
Online advertising methods
Marilyn Elsie Imrie (20 November 1947 – 21 August 2020) was a Scottish theatre and radio drama director and producer.
Career
Marilyn Imrie worked in drama and broadcasting in Scotland and England for over thirty years as a producer and director, for the BBC, ITV and the independent companies Absolutely Productions, Bona Broadcasting, CBL, CIM, Kindle Entertainment and Sweet Talk. They were a drama producer in radio and television in BBC Scotland for twelve years before moving to London to devise and launch the BBC Radio 4 soap Citizens in 1987, then drama commissioning editor for BBC Radio 4 until 1999.
Imrie was a script executive for BBC Scotland Television drama, a drama development executive for three major independent companies and a producer and director in radio drama and in the theatre. They were awarded Sony, TRIC and Talkies awards for their radio production work, the Samuel Beckett Award for television drama for Paris (BBC Scotland for BBC 2) and an RTS Award for their work on the animation series Big & Small, starring Lenny Henry and Imelda Staunton.
Them BBC Radio work included twenty Rumpole plays, twenty-three of The Stanley Baxter Playhouse, eight Two Pipe Problems, four series of Baggage, and the Classic Serials: My Last Duchess, The Book of Love, Great Expectations, Lady Chatterley's Lover, The Card, Clarissa, The Lost World and The Heat of the Day. Theatre work includes: Overdue South by Jules Horne for the Traverse Theatre/BBC Scotland, Lie Down Comic by John Mortimer, The Bones Boys by Colin MacDonald for Òran Mór, Elsie and Mairi Go To War by Diane Atkinson, Blow Me Beautiful by Gabriel Quigley and Vicki Liddelle, Daphnis and Chloe adapted by Hattie Naylor for Òran Mór, Mortimer's Miscellany for the Henley Festival, and Prunella Scales and Edward Fox in their theatre entertainment English Eccentrics.
They were joint-chair of the board of Stellar Quines Theatre Company and a trustee of the new writing theatre company Paines Plough.
Imrie divided their working and home life between Edinburgh and London.
Personal life
Daughter of John Campbell Imrie, of Redroofs, Markinch, Fife, Scotland, Marilyn Imrie married twice, the first (to actor Kenny Ireland) ending in divorce, the second in 1985 to the novelist and film-maker James Runcie, the son of Robert Runcie, the former Archbishop of Canterbury. Imrie had two daughters: Rosie Kellagher is a freelance theatre director who won an Arches Award for Directors in 2007, and directed Small Blue Thing, Mother Father Son and Macmillan's Marvellous Motion Machine for radio; and Charlotte Runcie, a writer and poet. The family lived in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Marilyn Imrie died at home in Edinburgh on 21 August 2020 from motor neurone disease.
Radio plays
Notes:
Sources:
Marilyn Imrie's radio play listing at Diversity website
Marilyn Imrie's radio play listing at RadioListings website
Stage plays
References
1947 births
2020 deaths
BBC Radio drama directors
BBC radio producers
Scottish radio producers
Scottish theatre directors
British theatre directors
Neurological disease deaths in Scotland
Deaths from motor neuron disease
Women theatre directors
Women radio producers
The Cuban vireo (Vireo gundlachii) is a species of bird in the family Vireonidae that is endemic to Cuba. Its natural habitats are dry forests, lowland moist forests, xeric shrublands, and heavily degraded former forest.
Its specific name is in honor of Cuban zoologist Juan Gundlach.
References
Cuban Viero
Endemic birds of Cuba
Cuban vireo
Cuban vireo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mount Zion is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County, West Virginia, United States. It lies along West Virginia Route 16 to the south of the town of Grantsville, the county seat of Calhoun County. Its elevation is 1,132 feet (345 m). Mount Zion's ZIP code is 26151.
Mt. Zion is home to several of Calhoun County's essential buildings. The list includes the state road garage, Calhoun Middle/High School, and the Mt. Zion Drive In Theater & Restaurant, formerly one of only 368 drive-in theaters left in the nation. Built in 1950, the theater is now closed.
References
Unincorporated communities in Calhoun County, West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Erigeron sionis is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Zion fleabane. It has been found in the southwestern United States, only in southern Utah. Some of the populations are inside Zion National Park, after which the species is named.
Erigeron sionis grows in shallow soil in open woodlands dominated by pine, juniper, Douglas fir, maple, and oak. It is a perennial, colony-forming herb up to 25 cm (10 inches) tall, spreading by means of stolons running along the surface of the ground. The inflorescence generally contains 1-4 flower heads. Each head contains 22–46 white ray florets surrounding many yellow disc florets.
Varieties
Erigeron sionis var. sionis
Erigeron sionis var. trilobatus (Maguire ex Cronquist) S.L.Welsh
References
sionis
Flora of Utah
Plants described in 1947
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Osgood is an unincorporated community in Walnut Township, Palo Alto County, Iowa, United States. Osgood is located along a Union Pacific Railroad line north of Emmetsburg.
History
Founded in the 1800s, Osgood's population was 22 in 1902, and 80 in 1925.
References
Unincorporated communities in Palo Alto County, Iowa
Unincorporated communities in Iowa
Vince Gino Dekker (22 March 1997) is a Dutch professional football player, who plays for SV Spakenburg as a left winger.
Club career
AFC Ajax
Dekker came through the youth system at Ajax, where they played in every single youth category from the age of 6. They made their debut at Jong Ajax on 12 August 2016 in an Eerste Divisie game against Almere City. They played the entire match in a 4-1 away win.
AZ Alkmaar
Vince Gino Dekker joined AZ Alkmaar on May 8, 2018 on a free transfer from AFC Ajax. After playing 18 matches for Jong AZ in the first half of the season, their contract was dissolved.
Go Ahead Eagles
On 10 January 2019, it was announced Dekker has signed with Go Ahead Eagles until the end of the season with the option for another season.
SV Spakenburg
On 26 October 2019, Dekker joined Tweede Divisie club SV Spakenburg.
References
External links
Vince Gino Dekker U16 NT profile at KNVB
Vince Gino Dekker U17 NT profile at KNVB
Vince Gino Dekker U19 NT profile at KNVB
1997 births
Living people
People from Harderwijk
Footballers from Gelderland
Association football wingers
Dutch footballers
AZ Alkmaar players
Jong Ajax players
Jong AZ players
Go Ahead Eagles players
SV Spakenburg players
Eerste Divisie players
Tweede Divisie players
Adesh is a masculine given name. Notable people with the name include:
Adesh Pratap Singh Kairon, Indian politician
Adesh Samaroo, Trinidad and Tobago musician
Aadesh Shrivastava (1964–2015), Indian composer
Indian masculine given names
Nepalese masculine given names
Dystasia proxima is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938. It is known from Borneo.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1938
This is list of members of the Argentine Senate from 10 December 2009 to 9 December 2011.
Composition
as of 9 December 2011
Senate leadership
Election cycles
List of senators
Notes
References
External links
List on the official website (archived)
2009-2011
2009 in Argentina
2010 in Argentina
2011 in Argentina
Aye Taxi is a Malayalam language film which is the dubbed version of 2004 Kannada movie Love. It was released in 2004.
References
2007 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
The black-collared barbet (Lybius torquatus) is a species of bird in the family Lybiidae which is native to sub-Saharan Africa. Indigenous names include isiKhulukhulu and isiQonQotho in Zulu, and Isinagogo in Xhosa.
Range
It is found in Sub-Saharan Africa through Angola, Botswana, Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Eswatini, Kenya, Lesotho, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Rwanda, South Africa, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Description
The black-collared barbet usually is about 20–25 cm long, plump-looking and has a large head. It also has the heavy bill fringed with bristles that is characteristic of the genus Lybius. This barbet has a very obvious black collar and head which gives reference to its name. It also has a fire-engine red coloring around the eyes and beak. It has morphologically variable coloring because there is a replacement of a red head with a black head. It also has a more intense color and is larger than other barbets. This bird is also sexually monomorphic, which means that there is generally no phenotypic difference between the males and females of this species. The morphology, size and behavior are basically the same.
Bird calls
The black-collared barbet is one of the many duetting species in the genus Lybius and it regularly uses duetting in its day-to-day life. There are no solitary song instances heard from this species. Also, the repertoire of the duets do not vary greatly. This species is readily recognized by its loud duet, commonly rendered as "too-puddly too-puddly too-puddly" or "too-doodle too-doodle".... accompanied by wing-flicking. In addition to the wing-flicking, the birds in the pair face each other while calling and lean forward while bowing ceremoniously to each other. This bird produces a variety of calls including its snarling warning call and loud buzzing. The snarling could be the initiating sound of the duet.
The "too-puddly" song is actually an antiphonal duet. That means that one bird out of the pair sings the first note, then the other bird in the pair sings the second note. To bystanders, this does not sound like it comes from two different birds. It has distinct sexual duet roles after a greeting ceremony and the partner's notes do differ. The birds do not sing simultaneously, but are synchronized in their duets. The time between when one bird stops singing to when the other bird in the pair picks the song up is called the auditory response time for the duet. The approximate auditory response time for this bird is 178 ms.
This species also incorporates more wing and flight displays into their greeting ceremonies, mating, and territorial displays. It is a gregarious species, often acting in concert when driving off intruders and roosting together (up to 15 recorded) in nest holes. Their flight is direct with a loud whirring of wings.
Diet/feeding
These barbets are mostly solitary birds that eat a variety of fruits and vegetables. They will often visit plantations and find food there. They eat fruits whole and the seed pits are regurgitated later. Black-collared barbets can also feed on insects, centipedes, lizards, frogs and geckos, though this does not occur as often.
Breeding
The L. torquatus species has a breeding season from December to February.
Subspecies
Lybius torquatus includes the following subspecies:
L. t. zombae (Shelley, 1893) ―
L. t. pumilio Grote, 1927 ―
L. t. irroratus (Cabanis, 1878) ―
L. t. congicus (Reichenow, 1898) ―
L. t. vivacens Clancey, 1977 ― Malawi, Mozambique and eastern Zimbabwe
L. t. bocagei (Sousa, 1886) ― Angola, western Zambia, northern Namibia and northern Botswana
L. t. torquatus (Dumont, 1805) ― southernmost subsp., eastern Botswana to Eswatini and Eastern Cape
References
External links
Black-collared barbet - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds
black-collared barbet
Birds of Southern Africa
black-collared barbet
black-collared barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Shakib Arslan (, 25 December 1869 – 9 December 1946) was a Druze prince (amir) in Lebanon who was known as (Arabic for "Prince of Eloquence") because in addition to being a politician, they were also an influential writer, poet and historian. A prolific author, they penned some 20 books and 2000 articles, to which can be added two collections of poetry and a "prodigious correspondence."
Influenced by the ideas of al-Afghani and Muhammad Abduh, Arslan became a strong supporter of the Pan-Islamic policies of Abdul Hamid II. An Arab nationalist, Arslan was an advocate for pan-Maghrebism (the unification of Algeria, Tunisia, and Morocco). They also advocated the proposition that the survival of the Ottoman Empire was the only guarantee against the division of the ummah and its occupation by the European imperial powers. To Arslan, Ottomanism and Islam were closely bound together and the reform of Islam would naturally lead to the revival of the Ottoman Empire.
Exiled from their homeland by the French Mandate authorities, Arslan passed most of the interwar years in Geneva serving as the unofficial representative of Syria and Palestine at the League of Nations and writing a constant stream of articles for the periodical press of the Arab countries. They were also one of the contributors of Barid Al Sharq, a propaganda newspaper published in Berlin, Nazi Germany.
Advocacy
Amir Shakib advocated a version of Islam that was charged with political and moral assertiveness. They sought to reconstruct the bonds of Islamic solidarity by reminding Muslims from Morocco to Iraq that despite their diversity, they were united by virtue of their common adherence to Islam; if they would but recognize this bond and act on it, they believed they would achieve liberation from their current oppression and the restoration of what they saw as their splendid past. Arslan's work inspired anti-imperialistic propaganda campaigns, much to the irritation of British and French authorities in the Arab world.
They defended Islam as an essential component of social morality. Their message, with its call to action and its defense of traditional values at a time of great uncertainty, was well received and attracted widespread attention during the 1920s and 1930s. It was during this time that they wrote their most famous work, Our Decline: Its Causes and Remedies, which described what Arslan believed to be the reasons for the weakness of existing Muslim governments.
They contributed to Muhib Al Din Al Khatib's Cairo-based magazine Al Fath, a Salafi modernist publication.
Personal life
Born into a Druze family, they always tried to link the faith with mainstream Islam, but themselves converted to Sunni Islam, "establishing themselves as an orthodox Muslim serving the interests of Sunni Islam."
They married Suleima Alkhas Hatog, a Jordanian of Circassian descent, who bore them one son, Ghalib (born 1917) in Lebanon, and two daughters, May (brn 1928) and Nazima (born 1930) in Switzerland. Their daughter, May, married Lebanese Druze politician Kamal Jumblatt and they are the grandfather through them of Lebanese politician Walid Jumblatt.
Arslan died on 9 December 1946, three months after they came back to Lebanon.
Works
Our Decline: Its Causes and Remedies (English translation published by Islamic Book Trust in 2004; )
Further reading
Islam Against the West: Shakib Arslan and the Campaign for Islamic Nationalism by William L. Cleveland (University of Texas Press, 2011; )
Muslime im Zwischenkriegseuropa und die Dekonstruktion der Faszination vom Westen. Eine kritische Auseinandersetzung mit Šakīb ʾArslāns Artikeln in der ägyptischen Zeitschrift al-Fatḥ (1926-1935) by Mehdi Sajid (EB-Verlag, 2015; )
See also
List of political families
Lakhmids
References
External links
Emir Shakib Arslan biography by Hassan Shami at Aide Sanitaire Suisse Aux Palestiniens
The Arab Nation of Shakib Arslan, a review of Islam Against the West, by Martin Kramer
Swiss Exile: The European Muslim Congress, 1935 (an event organized by Arslan), a chapter from Islam Assembled: The Advent of the Muslim Congresses (New York: Columbia University Press, 1986) by Martin Kramer
Rabah, Makram: Arslān, Shakīb, Amīr, in: 1914-1918-online. International Encyclopedia of the First World War.
1869 births
1946 deaths
People from Aley District
Shakib
Druze people of Lebanese nationality
Lebanese princes
Lebanese politicians
Lebanese expatriates in Switzerland
League of Nations people
Lebanese exiles
Lebanese political philosophers
Ottoman Arabic poets
Converts to Islam from Druzism
The UMass Lowell Men's Lacrosse team is a college lacrosse team that represents UMass Lowell in Lowell, Massachusetts, United States. The school's teams are members of the America East Conference. Ed Stephenson was hired on August 1, 2013 to become the program's first head coach.
The Ed Stephenson Years
Ed Stephenson was hired as the first Men's lacrosse coach in UMass Lowell's history as a DI program in 2013. They led the River Hawks for eight seasons from 2015 through 2022, when they resigned. The Stephenson era at UMass Lowell was dominated by losing seasons as they led the River Hawks to an overall record of 28-77 and never had a winning season during their tenure.
2018 was the height of the Stephenson era as the River Hawks went 8-8 during their fourth season as a DI program and made the America East Tournament, where they fell to top-seeded UAlbany.
During the Stephenson era, UMass Lowell produced five Second-Team All-Conference selections and seven America East All-Rookie selections. In 2019, midfielder Dan Cozzi and faceoff man Liam McDonough became the first players in program history to be named First-Team All-Conference honorees.
The Drew Kelleher Years
Drew Kelleher was hired as the second head coach in UMass Lowell Men's lacrosse history on June 16th, 2022.
Year by year results
{| class="wikitable"
|- align="center"
†NCAA canceled 2020 collegiate activities due to the COVID-19 virus.
References
External links
Official website
College men's lacrosse teams in the United States
America East Conference men's lacrosse
Marjorie Leeming (1903 – June 10, 1987) was a Canadian tennis player, badminton player and teacher. They won the Canadian Open ladies' singles title twice and was runner-up on four occasions. Leeming took the Canadian doubles championship three times and the mixed doubles twice. They won seven titles in British Columbia and was the Oregon State Tennis Championship singles winner in 1926. After their tennis ended due to injury, Leeming moved into education, co-authoring a 1935 school textbook on modern composition for use in schools in British Columbia. They taught badminton, golf and tennis to coeds at the University of British Columbia before becoming assistant dean to its dean of women. Leeming is an inductee of the BC Sports Hall of Fame, the Tennis Canada Hall of Fame and the Greater Victoria Sports Hall of Fame.
Personal background
In 1903, Leeming was born in Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada. They had an sister, Hope, who was also a tennis player. When they were four years old, Leeming and their family moved to Victoria, British Columbia. They studied at Victoria High School. While enrolled at the University of British Columbia (UBC), Leeming was told they would fail their classes if they took some time off to meet another tennis player for an exhibition match in Vancouver since sport was not considered as legitimate activity for women in that era. They graduated from the UBC in 1926. Leeming died on June 10, 1987, in Victoria. They did not marry.
Tennis career
While in high school, Leeming started their amateur tennis career. Aged 12, they won the annual challenge Pooley Cup to become the girls' junior tennis champion of British Columbia in 1915. Leeming won the trophy three more times from 1916 to 1918 to earn the Pooley Cup permanently. In 1909, when they were 16, they and Gerald Patterson played against Norman Brookes, the world champion, in a mixed double match. In 1921, Leeming won the British Columbia Tennis Championships singles as well as the ladies' doubles and mixed doubles titles. They won the singles, doubles and mixed doubles titles at the Victoria City Clay Court Championships the following year. In 1923, they progressed to the final of the women's singles division of the Oregon State Tennis Championship, and won the title with a victory over C. J. Cushing that July. Leeming took their second BC ladies' singles title and their first mixed doubles victory two weeks later, and added a second singles, doubles and mixed doubles victory at the Victoria City Clay Court Championships. They also took the title in the BC Mainland Championship in that year.
In 1924, Leeming was runner-up in their first Canadian Open singles final. They won their third singles and doubles titles win for the Victoria City Clay Court Championships that same year and their third British Columbia Tennis Championship singles accolade. Leeming ended the year 1 in the inaugural women's tennis rankings for British Columbia. They won the 1925 Canadian Open singles and doubles competitions, and the 1925 BC Mainland Championship title. Leeming went on to win the ladies' open and handicap singles as well as the mixed handicap doubles events in the BC Championships that same year. They added a second Canadian Open singles title, a fifth and third respective title in the singles event at each of the BC Championship and BC Mainland competitions in 1926. Leeming also won the singles Oregon State Championship event that same year. They ended the year No. 1 in each of the BC and Pacific North West Association rankings.
Leeming was selected by the British Columbia Lawn Tennis Association to compete at the 1928 Dominion Championships staged in Toronto. In January 1929, they progressed to the women's final of the Upisland Badminton Championships and won the title by defeating Anna Kier in the final. Leeming subsequently lost to Dorothy Weisel in straight sets of the women's final of the Oregon State Championship in July that year. In January 1930, they won two badminton titles in the ladies' singles and ladies' doubles at the Upper Island Badminton Championships. Leeming began the tennis year No. 1 in both the British Columbia and Pacific rankings. That year, they won each of the doubles and mixed doubles events and was runner-up in the singles competition at the Canadian Open. Leeming also played in that year's U.S. National Championships in the women's singles. They ended up as runner-up in the Canadian Open women's singles event in each of 1931 and 1932. Leeming and their sister lasted until the semi-finals in the women's doubles at the 1932 U.S. National Championships. After being deemed the favourite to win the women's singles competition of the Eastern Canadian Tennis Championships in Calgary, they took that title and paired with their sister to claim the women's doubles title.
Also from 1930 to 1932, Leeming was second in the women's Canadian rankings. They were again runner-up in the women's singles and the women's doubles at the 1932 Canadian Open, and lasted until the third round of the women's singles competition as a representative of Canada at that year's U.S. National Championships. Leeming was removed from BC rankings list because they had not competed in any singles event held in the province, but was ranked No. 2 in the national Canadian rankings at the start of 1933. They retired soon after on advice to cease playing tennis due to a hip injury they picked up in competition.
Academic career
Leeming did three years of teacher training at UBC following their 1926 graduation, and taught in Duncan before moving on to teach English at History at King Edward High School in Vancouver. In 1935, they and their friend Dorothy Mawdsley co-authored a school textbook about modern composition for use in schools in British Columbia. After a period in England, they spent a year as an exchange teacher at Mansfield Boys' School, in Durban, Natal, South Africa, where they were the only Canadian amongst the staff there before returning to Canada in early 1940. In 1942, Leeming's two-hour film of the views and the flora and fauna of South Africa was shown at an illustrated lecture of theirs held in aid of Vancouver Island's Queen Alexandra Solarium. They joined the faculty of UBC to instruct coeds to play the individual sports of badminton, golf and tennis in 1947. From July 1951 to June 1959, Leeming was assistant dean to the university's dean of women. They subsequently retired to Vancouver Island, where they and Mawdsley constructed a cabin.
Accolades and legacy
From 1923 to 1931, they were voted Outstanding Tennis Player in BC on six occasions in 1923, 1924, 1925, 1926, 1930 and 1931. Leeming was the first female tennis player to be elected to the BC Sports Hall of Fame as an individual in 1978. They earned induction into the Tennis Canada Hall of Fame in 1993. In November 1997, Leeming was inducted into the Greater Victoria Sports Hall of Fame. They were named as one of the Top 100 Island Athletes of the 20th Century by the sports department of the Times Colonist newspaper in December 1999. The UBC holds a black and white portrait photograph of Leeming in its UBC Archives Photograph Collection.
References
1903 births
1987 deaths
Sportspeople from Kamloops
20th-century Canadian women
University of British Columbia alumni
Racket sportspeople from British Columbia
Canadian female tennis players
Canadian female badminton players
University of British Columbia faculty
Canadian schoolteachers
20th-century Canadian educators
Events
Asia Minor
King Sardur II shows the cities in the kingdom of Urartu strengthen against the Cimmerians.
Italy
The Ionian Greeks found the cities of Cumae and Naples in the Gulf of Naples.
Romulus, the legendary co-founder of Rome, holds the first Roman triumph to celebrate a military victory following the Rape of the Sabine Women.
Births
Deaths
References
750s BC
Jacques de Tourreil (Toulouse, 18 November 1656 – Paris, 11 October 1714) was a French jurist, orator, translator and man of letters.
Biography
The author of translations of Demosthenes and essays on jurisprudence, Tourreil was elected to the Académie royale des inscriptions et médailles in 1691, the Académie française in 1692 and the Académie des Jeux floraux in 1694. Being both an orator and a contributor to the first edition of the Dictionnaire de l'Académie française, they were given the responsibility of presenting the dictionary to the court, which they fulfilled on 24 August 1694 by delivering the compliments of the Académie to the King, the royal family and the ministers in a celebrated speech. Louis XIV replied to the delegation of academicians: "Messieurs, voici un ouvrage attendu depuis longtemps. Puisque tant d'habiles gens y ont travaillé, je ne doute pas qu'il soit très beau et très utile pour la langue."
The works of Jacques de Tourreil were collected and published in two volumes by Guillaume Massieu in 1721.
References
Bibliography
Georges Duhain, Un Traducteur de la fin du XVIIIe : Jacques de Tourreil, traducteur de Démosthène (1656–1714), Honoré Champion, Paris, 1910.
External links
Académie française
1656 births
1714 deaths
Members of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres
Members of the Académie Française
Translators to French
Translators from Greek
French classical scholars
17th-century French lawyers
French legal writers
French male non-fiction writers
17th-century French translators
Weeds is a 1987 American drama film directed by John D. Hancock, and starring Nick Nolte, Ernie Hudson, Lane Smith and Rita Taggart. The screenplay concerns a prison inmate who writes a play that catches the attention of a visiting reporter.
Plot
Lee Umstetter (Nick Nolte) is incarcerated in San Quentin for armed robbery, serving "life without possibility" (with no chance of parole). After two suicide attempts, Lee begins to read books from the prison library. They attend a performance of Waiting for Godot given for the prisoners and is deeply moved. They begin to write plays about imprisonment and then stages them, too.
One is a social-protest musical extravaganza about life in the penitentiary. It attracts visitors and earns Lee the regard of a San Francisco theatre reviewer (Rita Taggart) who persuades the governor to release him.
Lee organises an acting troupe made up of former convicts: a shoplifter (William Forsythe), a murderer (Ernie Hudson), an embezzler (Lane Smith), a pimp (John Toles-Bey), a flasher (Mark Rolston), and others.
Lee's work doesn't make the same impact outside the prison as it did inside. Touring in a camper with no money, the men are torn by impulses to revert to their former criminal behavior.
Reception
The film received mixed reviews.
Film critic Pauline Kael of The New Yorker observed, "The film is about their efforts to become professional men of the theatre. It's about the ways in which working together changes them and the ways in which it doesn't."
The film had a strong opening weekend, but failed to recoup its costs. The film did well on VHS.
References
External links
1987 films
1987 drama films
American prison drama films
Films about theatre
Films about writers
Films directed by John D. Hancock
Films set in San Quentin State Prison
Films shot in North Carolina
1980s prison films
Films scored by Angelo Badalamenti
De Laurentiis Entertainment Group films
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Owd Bob (or Bob, Son of Battle) is an 1898 novel by Alfred Ollivant.
Owd Bob may also refer to:
Owd Bob (1924 film), a British film adaptation
Owd Bob (1938 film), a British film adaptation
Owd Bob (1998 film), a British-Canadian film adaptation
See also
Thunder in the Valley (film), a 1947 American film adaptation
Old Bob, a 19th-century driving horse
Jim Carphin (born October 21, 1938) is a former Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions and Saskatchewan Roughriders. They won the Grey Cup with the Lions in 1964. They played college football at the University of Washington. After their football career, they were a lawyer.
References
1938 births
BC Lions players
Washington Huskies football players
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
Players of Canadian football from Manitoba
Canadian players of American football
Living people
Canadian football ends
Time Books (previously the New York Times Book Company) is a publishing imprint owned by The New York Times Company and licensed to Henry Holt and Company.
Time Books began as the New York Times Book Company in 1969, when The New York Times Company purchased Quadrangle Books, a small publishing house in Chicago, Illinois, founded in 1959 by Michael Braude. Its President was Melvin J. Brisk. Initially run entirely by The New York Times Company, the publishing arm name was changed to Time Books in 1977.
In 1984, the Times Company licensed the imprint to Random House. From 1991 through 1996, during the Random House tenure, the head of Times Books was Peter Osnos, who later founded Public Affairs Books.
Time Books was re-licensed in 2000 as an imprint of Henry Holt, which is itself an imprint of Holtzbrinck Publishers/Macmillan, the U.S. arm of the Georg von Holtzbrinck Publishing Group.
Editorial directors for Times Books have included David Sobel and Paul Golob.
Time Books has had a somewhat controversial right of first refusal policy with respect to manuscripts by employees of The New York Times Company.
The current location of Times Books is 120 Broadway in Manhattan, New York City, United States.
References
External links
Time Books
Henry Holt and Company
Book publishing companies based in New York (state)
The New York Times
Publishing companies based in New York City
Publishing companies established in 1959
1959 establishments in New York (state)
Publishing companies established in 2000
2000 establishments in New York City
The Spirit of Dorsai is a collection of two science fiction stories by American writer Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Ace Books in 1979. The collection includes linking material and the stories are part of Dickson's Childe Cycle. The first story, "Amanda Morgan", is original to this collection. The other, "Brothers", originally appeared in the anthology Astounding, edited by Harry Harrison.
Contents
Prologue
"Amanda Morgan"
Interlude
"Brothers"
Epilogue
References
1979 short story collections
Short story collections by Gordon R. Dickson
Recent innovations in mobile and sensor technologies allow for creating a digital representation of almost any physical entity and its parameters over time at any place. RFID technologies, for instance, are used to ground digital representations, which are used to track and geo-reference physical entities. In general, physical worlds and digital representations become tightly interconnected, so that manipulations in either would have effect on the other.
Integration of information and communication technologies into products anywhere and anytime enable new forms of mobile marketing in respect to situated marketing communication, dynamic pricing models and dynamic product differentiation models. As Fano and Gershman state: "Technology enables service providers to make the location of their customers the location of their business".
Smart products are specializations of hybrid products with physical realizations of product categories and digital product descriptions that provide the following characteristics:
Situated: recognition and processing of situational and community contexts
Personalized: tailoring to buyer's and consumer's needs and affects
Adaptive: change according to buyer's and consumer's responses and tasks
Pro-active: attempt to anticipate buyer's and consumer's plans and intentions
Business aware: considering business and legal constraints
Location aware: considering functional performing and restricted location choice
Network capable: ability to communicate and bundle (product bundling) with another product (business) or product sets
The vision of smart products poses questions relevant to various research areas, including marketing, product engineering, computer science, artificial intelligence, economics, communication science, media economics, cognitive science, consumer psychology, innovation management and many more.
Since smart products combine a physical product with additional services, they are a form of product service system.
Categories of smart products
The term smart product can be confusing as it is used to cover a broad range of different products, ranging from smart home appliances (e.g., smart bathroom scales or smart light bulbs) to smart cars (e.g., Tesla). While these products share certain similarities, they often differ substantially in their capabilities. Raff et al. developed a conceptual framework that distinguishes different smart products based on their capabilities, which features 4 types of smart product archetypes (in ascending order of "smartness")
Digital
Connected
Responsive
Intelligent
See also
Ambient intelligence
Smart, connected products
Ubiquitous computing
References
Human–computer interaction
Wireless locating
Ronald Chagoury (born 8 January 1949) is a Nigerian business person, the co-founder (with their billionaire brother Gilbert Chagoury), and CEO of the Chagoury Group.
Biography
Ronald Chagoury was born in Nigeria on 8 January 1949, the son of Ramez and Alice Chagoury, who had emigrated from Lebanon in the 1940s. They were educated at the College des Frères Chrétiens in Lebanon, and studied business studies at California State University, Long Beach, US.
Chagoury is married to Berthe, and they have two children.
Chagoury's name has appeared in the Panama Papers.
References
1949 births
20th-century Nigerian businesspeople
21st-century Nigerian businesspeople
Businesspeople from Lagos
Nigerian construction businesspeople
California State University, Long Beach alumni
Living people
Nigerian people of Lebanese descent
Nigerian real estate businesspeople
People named in the Panama Papers
Nigerian billionaires
was an Imperial Japanese Navy Sentoku-type (or I-400-class) submarine commissioned in 1945 for service in World War II. Originally intended to be a submarine aircraft carrier like their sister ships and , they instead are completed as a submarine tanker, but entered service less than a month before the end of the war and never carried out a tanker voyage. They surrendered to the United States at the end of the war in 1945 and was scuttled in 1946. Until 1965, the Sentaku-type submarines were the largest submarines ever commissioned.
Characteristics
The I-400-class submarines had four diesel engines and carried enough fuel to circumnavigate the world one-and-a-half times. Measuring long overall, they displaced , more than double their typical American contemporaries and much larger than the most common Japanese submarine of the era, the Type B1, which was feet long and displaced 2,584 tons. Until the commissioning of the United States Navy ballistic missile submarine in 1965, the I-400-class were the largest submarines ever commissioned.
The cross-section of the pressure hull had a unique figure-of-eight shape which afforded the strength and stability to support the weight of a large aircraft hangar and three floatplanes, with the conning tower offset to port to allow room for them. While I-402 was under construction, however, their aircraft and aircraft facilities were deleted, and they instead are completed as a submarine tanker capable of transporting aviation gasoline from the Japanese-occupied Netherlands East Indies to Japan.
Like other I-400-class submarines, I-402 was armed with eight torpedo tubes, all in the bow, with 20 Type 95 torpedoes, a Type 11 deck gun on the after deck of the hangar, three waterproofed Type 96 triple-mount antiaircraft guns mounted atop what would have been the hangar — one forward and two aft of the conning tower — and a single Type 96 25 mm antiaircraft gun mounted just aft of the bridge.
I-400-class submarines had a rather noisy special trim system that allowed them to loiter submerged and stationary while awaiting the return of their aircraft; demagnetization cables meant to protect against magnetic mines by nullifying the submarine′s magnetic field; an air search radar, two air/surface-search radar sets, and a radar warning receiver; and an anechoic coating intended to make detection of the submarine while submerged more difficult by absorbing or diffusing sonar pulses and dampening reverberations from the submarine's internal machinery.
Construction and commissioning
Ordered as Submarine No. 5233, I-402 was laid down on 20 October 1943 by the Sasebo Naval Arsenal at Sasebo, Japan. They were launched on 5 September 1944, and was completed and commissioned as a submarine tanker on 24 July 1945
Service history
World War II
Upon commissioning, I-402 was attached to the Kure Naval District and assigned to Submarine Division 1 — which also included their sister ships and and the submarines and — in the 6th Fleet. They were in port at Kure, Japan, on 11 August 1945 when Iwo Jima-based United States Army Air Forces P-51D Mustang fighters raided the area after 10:40. They suffered several near misses from bombs, and bomb fragments punctured their main fuel tanks in two places. Two members of their crew were wounded.
Hostilities between Japan and the Allies ended on 15 August 1945 before I-402 could begin their first voyage to the Japanese-occupied Netherlands East Indies for aviation gasoline. They surrendered to the Allies at Kure in September 1945.
Post-war
Operated by an American crew, I-402 moved from Kure to Sasebo in October 1945. On 30 November 1945, the Japanese struck them from the Navy list.
Disposal
With postwar relations with the Soviet Union deteriorating rapidly and concerns growing in the United States that under postwar agreements the Soviets would demand access to captured Japanese submarines that would provide the Soviet Navy with valuable information about advanced Japanese submarine designs, the U.S. Navy issued orders on 26 March 1946 to sink all captured Japanese submarines. Accordingly, I-402 was among 24 Japanese submarines the U.S. Navy scuttled off the Goto Islands in Operation Road's End on 1 April 1946. After all the other submarines had been sunk that day, I-402 and the submarine , lashed together for scuttling, were sunk as gunnery targets by the destroyers and . The submarines sank together at 16:24 just beyond the line due east of Kinai Island at .
Later events
In 2015, the precise locations of the wrecks of the 24 Japanese submarines scuttled off the Goto Islands, including that of I-402, were confirmed.
References
Bibliography
Sakaida, Henry and Gary Nila, Koji Takaki. I-400: Japan's Secret Aircraft-Carrying Strike Submarine. Hikoki Publications, 2006.
I-400-class submarines
1944 ships
Ships built by Sasebo Naval Arsenal
World War II submarines of Japan
Maritime incidents in 1946
Scuttled vessels
Ships sunk as targets
Shipwrecks in the Pacific Ocean
Shipwrecks of Japan
Andrzej Bogdan Cofalik is a weightlifter from Poland. They won the Bronze medal in the 83 kg in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.
References
Polish male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Poland
Weightlifters at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Poland
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
1968 births
Living people
People from Rybnik County
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
21st-century Polish people
20th-century Polish people
Robbie Stewart is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Great Britain.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Scottish motorcycle racers
Living people
Sportspeople from Perth, Scotland
1991 births
125cc World Championship riders
Hibo Wardere is a Somali-born campaigner against female genital mutilation (FGM), author, and public speaker. Born in Somalia, they moved to London, England when just a teenager in 1989, as a refugee fleeing the Somali Civil War. They currently reside in Walthamstow, London, where they worked as a mediator and a regular FGM educator for Waltham Forest Borough. Them testimonials and campaigning work have made them one of Britain's most prominent campaigners about FGM and they have appeared in numerous publications, including the Telegraph, the BBC, and The Guardian.
Early life
Hibo Wardere was born in Somalia. At the age of six, they were the victim of type 3 FGM, an event they have described as "being engulfed in pain from head to toe". Every day for the next ten years, they sought answers from their mother, but was always denied a response. When Wardere was 16, they finally struck a deal with a relative, who promised to tell them everything about what happened after their wedding night. They were horrified by the revelations, and soon fled to London after the civil war broke out in the 1980s.
Activism
When they arrived in London, Wardere sought treatment for their wounds, but received little support from the NHS. Doctors failed to ask what had happened to her, and only rarely mentioned FGM on their medical files, even when they gave birth to their children.
Wardere eventually found the answers they were looking for at the library, where they read about female mutilation in a book. Years later, when they were studying to become a teaching assistant, they opened up about their story in a homework essay. The head of staff read their work and asked them to deliver a speech to 120 teachers, during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma. After reading Wardere's essay, school governor Clare Coghill booked Wardere appointments with other schools in the area. Wardere has worked as a mediator and FGM educator since then, helping young students escape FGM. They also deliver awareness raising sessions to doctors and the Police to assist in their understanding of FGM.
Them testimonies have appeared in numerous publications, including the BBC, the Guardian and the Telegraph. Wardere has advised that as an FGM survivor, they are aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering. Wardere is quoted as saying “It is a sexual abuse. It brings shame and rips women and girls of their dignity. It should be stopped".
Wardere's main ambition for the future is to see Female Genital Mutilation eradicated in their lifetime.
Them memoir, Cut, was published in April 2016.
Personal life
Hibo Wardere lives with their husband Yusuf and their seven children.
References
Somalian women
Somalian emigrants to the United Kingdom
Women memoirists
Activists against female genital mutilation
Somalian health activists
Violence against women in Africa
The banded martin or banded sand martin (Neophedina cincta) is a small passerine bird in the swallow family Hirundinidae that is endemic to Africa. It is the only species placed in the genus Neophedina.
Taxonomy
The banded martin was described by the French polymath Georges-Louis Leclerc, Comte de Buffon in 1780 in their Histoire Naturelle des Oiseaux from a specimen collected from the Cape of Good Hope. The bird was also illustrated in a hand-coloured plate engraved by François-Nicolas Martinet in the Planches Enluminées D'Histoire Naturelle which was produced under the supervision of Edme-Louis Daubenton to accompany Buffon's text. Neither the plate caption nor Buffon's description included a scientific name but in 1783 the Dutch naturalist Pieter Boddaert coined the binomial name Hirundo cincta in their catalogue of the Planches Enluminées.
The banded martin was formerly placed in the genus Riparia. A genetic study found that it belonged to a different clade to other members of the genus, and it was moved to the genus Neophedina that had been introduced in 1922 by the South African zoologist Austin Roberts. The specific epithet cincta is from Latin cinctus meaning "banded".
Five subspecies are recognised:
N. c. erlangeri (Reichenow, 1905) – Ethiopia
N. c. suahelica van Someren, 1922 – south Sudan and west Kenya to north Zimbabwe and west Mozambique
N. c. parvula Amadon, 1954 – north Angola, southwest DR Congo and northwest Zambia
N. c. xerica Clancey & Irwin, 1966 – west and south Angola, north Namibia and north Botswana
N. c. cincta (Boddaert, 1783) – southeast Botswana, south Zimbabwe and South Africa
Description
The long banded martin has earth-brown upper parts, except for a white stripe above the eye. Its underparts are white, as are the underwing coverts, and it has a dark brown breast band, and sometimes a thin dark line across the vent. Sexes are similar, but the young have a paler breast band and golden tips to the upper part feathers.
It is easily distinguished from the smaller sand martin by its square tail and white on the underwings, and from the brown-throated sand martin by its white throat. It is less gregarious than those species, and is typically seen in pairs or small flocks.
The subspecies differ in size and in the plumage tones of the upper parts or breast band. The nominate R. c. cincta of southern Africa is the palest form.
Distribution and habitat
The banded martin is found in open habitats such as farmland, grassland and savannah, usually near water. It breeds across Africa from Cameroon and Zaire to Ethiopia south to the Cape in South Africa, although it is absent from the driest regions of western South Africa and southern Namibia.
The southern nominate subspecies of South Africa and Zimbabwe, is migratory, wintering further north, particularly in the west, where it can move sometimes as far as Gambia. N. c. xerica also leaves its drier breeding grounds in Botswana and northern Namibia in the southern winter. Other subspecies undertake local or altitudinal movements often dependent on the rainfall pattern.
Behaviour and ecology
This species has a slow erratic flight and frequently perches. Its diet consists of insects, usually taken in flight over grassland. The flight call is che-che-che, and the song is a twittering jumble of chip choop sounds.
The banded martin, unlike the other members of its genus, is not colonial in its nesting habits. Its nest is at the end of a long tunnel usually excavated by the birds in a natural sand bank or earth mound. The actual nest is a litter of straw and feathers in a chamber at the end of the burrow. The two to five white eggs are incubated by both parents.
References
Sinclair, Hockey and Tarboton, SASOL Birds of Southern Africa,
External links
Banded martin - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
banded martin
Hirundinidae
Serhiy Anatoliyovych Shubin (; born 22 February 1967 in Kyiv) is a former Ukrainian football player.
References
1967 births
Sportspeople from Kyiv
Living people
Soviet footballers
FC CSKA Kyiv players
FC Torpedo Zaporizhzhia players
FC Nyva Vinnytsia players
Ukrainian footballers
Ukrainian Premier League players
Diósgyőri VTK players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
FC Volyn Lutsk players
FC Krystal Chortkiv players
FC Zhemchuzhina Sochi players
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Russian Premier League players
FC Kuban Krasnodar players
FC Metallurg Lipetsk players
Association football forwards
FC Dynamo Moscow reserves players
HiQ is a nationwide British retailer of automobile tyres, and MoT car-servicing centres.
History
The company was created in July 1992 as HiQ Tyreservices by Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company.
It was the main sponsor of the British Touring Car Championship (BTCC) in 2008, 2009 and 2014. It supplies the tyres exclusively for the British police.
The companies' outlets were improved in 2008.
Structure
It has around 100 service centres across the UK. The company headquarters are at Trident Court on the 148-acre Birmingham Business Park, around a half-mile south-west of junction 4 of the M6, accessed from the A452. This is also the headquarters of Dunlop Tyres UK, which moved to the site in May 2017.
Training
Technicians are trained at the HiQ Training Academy. The company would like all of its employees to have the Automotive Technician Accreditation (ATA) qualification.
See also
ATS Euromaster, also in Birmingham
List of tire companies
References
External links
Official Website
HiQ Franchise
Repair Of Injectors
Automotive companies of the United Kingdom
Automotive repair shops
British companies established in 1992
Retail companies established in 1992
Companies based in Solihull
Franchises
Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company
The 2009 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship for Women Division C was the 7th edition of the Division C of the FIBA U18 Women's European Championship, the third tier of the European women's under-18 basketball championship. It was played in Malta from 14 to 18 July 2009. Luxembourg women's national under-18 basketball team won the tournament.
Participating teams
Final standings
References
2009
2009–10 in European women's basketball
FIBA U18
International basketball competitions hosted by Malta
FIBA
Jamal Campbell (born October 15, 1993) is a professional Canadian football offensive lineman for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League (CFL). They won their first Grey Cup championship in 2017 with the Toronto Argonauts.
University career
Campbell played CIS football for the York Lions from 2012 to 2015.
Professional career
Toronto Argonauts
Campbell was drafted by the Toronto Argonauts in the third round, 22nd overall, in the 2016 CFL Draft and signed with the club on May 24, 2016. They made the team out of training camp and played in eight games in their rookie year in 2016. In 2017, they dressed as a backup offensive lineman for the team's first 15 games of the regular season before being placed of the Argonauts' injured list. Despite not playing in the 105th Grey Cup, Campbell was part of their team's championship as they won the first Grey Cup of their career. They played in eight games in 2018.
Campbell began the 2019 season as a back-up offensive linemen. While lined up as a tight end, they scored their first career professional touchdown on a one-yard reception from McLeod Bethel-Thompson on August 1, 2019. After spending those first seven games as a reserve, they got their first start of the season at right tackle on August 16, 2019 and started every other game of the season there. As a pending free agent, Campbell signed a three-year contract with the Argonauts on February 3, 2020. However, they did not play in 2020 due to the cancellation of the 2020 CFL season and they re-structured their contract with the Argonauts on January 31, 2021. They played in nine games in 2021 before becoming injured and sitting out the rest of the season. In a salary cap related move, they were released by the Argonauts on March 17, 2022.
Saskatchewan Roughriders
On March 17, 2022, it was announced that Campbell had signed with the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
References
External links
Saskatchewan Roughriders bio
1993 births
Living people
Canadian football offensive linemen
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
Sportspeople from Toronto
Toronto Argonauts players
York Lions football players
Football Bourg-en-Bresse Péronnas 01 is a French association football team founded in 1942. They are based in Bourg-en-Bresse, Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, France, and play in Championnat National, the third tier of the French football league system. They play at the Stade Marcel-Verchère in Bourg-en-Bresse, which has a capacity of 11,400.
History
2015–2020: Professional football
The club was promoted to Ligue 2 by virtue of being a point ahead of Strasbourg following their 2–0 victory over US Boulogne. After being the first football club in the Ain participating in the National 2 in 1994, FC Bourg-Péronnas were the first football club of the department to play at the professional level.
In July 2015, the club changed its name to Football Bourg-en-Bresse Péronnas 01.
The club was relegated at the end of the 2017–18 Ligue 2 season, after losing the relegation play-off to Grenoble.
On 2 July 2020 the French football federation's financial body, the DNCG, announced the end of the clubs professional status.
Performance by league
Crest evolution
Coaching staff
Trainer: Karim Mokeddem
Current squad
Managers
References
External links
Bourg-Perronas
1942 establishments in France
Football clubs in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Sport in Ain
Used Heart for Sale is the debut studio album by American country music singer Gary Allan. It was released on September 24, 1996 via Decca Records Nashville. The album has been certified gold by the RIAA. It produced four singles on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart with "Her Man", "Living in a House Full of Love", "From Where I'm Sitting", and "Forever and a Day". "Her Man" reached the Top 10 on the country charts at #7, while none of the other three singles reached Top 40.
Several of the songs on this album are covers, including two its singles. "Her Man" was previously recorded by Waylon Jennings on their 1990 album The Eagle, and "Living in a House Full of Love" was previously a number 3 hit for David Houston back in 1965. In addition, "Wine Me Up" is a cover of Faron Young's hit single. The picture of their album cover just shows them laying on a couch. With their feet one foot behind the other. And holding their hat up in the air with their right hand. When Gary was on TNN Mark Chesnutt was interviewing them they told Mark "It wasn't enough make-up for me to be on the cover."
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
Personnel
Gary Allan – lead vocals
Dan Dugmore – acoustic guitar, steel guitar
Owen Hale – drums
Jake Kelly – acoustic guitar
Jim Lauderdale – background vocals
B. James Lowry – acoustic guitar
Liana Manis – background vocals
Steve Nathan – keyboards
Michael Rhodes – bass guitar
Brent Rowan – electric guitar
John Wesley Ryles – background vocals
Hank Singer – fiddle
Curtis Young – background vocals
References
1996 debut albums
Gary Allan albums
Decca Records albums
Albums produced by Byron Hill
Albums produced by Mark Wright (record producer)
The 1976–77 Danish 1. division season was the 20th season of ice hockey in Denmark. Ten teams participated in the league, and Herning IK won the championship. Hellerup IK was relegated.
First round
Final round
The top six teams qualified for the final round, and Herning IK finished first.
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Dan
1976 in Danish sport
1977 in Danish sport
Ghangal gaun is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3111 living in 486 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Doti District
Populated places in Doti District
Alan David Walder (13 November 1928 – 26 October 1978) was a British Conservative Party politician.
Born in St Pancras, London, Walder was educated at Latymer School and Christ Church, Oxford. They were commissioned into the Royal Artillery in 1948. In 1953 they transferred to the 4th Hussars (Army Emergency Reserve) and was promoted lieutenant. They were promoted captain in 1956. They became a barrister, called to the bar by Inner Temple in 1956.
They unsuccessfully contested the Leicester South West constituency at the 1959 general election.
They were elected Member of Parliament (MP) for High Peak at a 1961 by-election, but lost the seat at the 1966 general election, to Labour's Peter Jackson.
They were returned to the House of Commons at the 1970 general election as MP for Clitheroe, which they held until their death in Chelsea in 1978 at the age of 49. Walder was an assistant government whip from 1973 to 1974.
Walder coined "Walder's Law" which stated that the first three speakers at any meeting of the 1922 Committee were "Mad."
Walder's successor at the by-election after their death was David Waddington.
Walder was also a noted author and military historian. Their works included humorous fiction relating primarily to their experiences in the army and politics, and comprised:
Bags of Swank (1963)
The Short List (1964)
The House Party (1966)
The Fair Ladies of Salamanca (1967)
The Chanak Affair (1969)
The Short Victorious War: Russo-Japanese Conflict 1904–5 (1973)
Nelson (1978).
References
Times Guide to the House of Commons October 1974
External links
1928 births
1978 deaths
Royal Artillery officers
4th Queen's Own Hussars officers
Members of the Inner Temple
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for constituencies in Derbyshire
UK MPs 1959–1964
UK MPs 1964–1966
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
People from St Pancras, London
20th-century British writers
British military historians
People educated at The Latymer School
20th-century British historians
20th-century British lawyers
High Peak, Derbyshire
Dolioletta is a genus of tunicates in the family Doliolidae.
Characteristics
Members of the genus Dolioletta are transparent, gelatinous barrel-shaped animals, usually less than one centimetre long. They move in jerks by contracting the circular bands of muscle in their body wall sharply.
Biology
They have the complex life cycle typical of the doliolids, with alternating sexual and asexual phases. They use a net of mucus strands to efficiently trap phytoplankton floating past. They both grow fast and multiply rapidly and a single animal is capable of forming thousands of new individuals in a few days. They sometimes form dense swarms with up to 500 individuals per square metre.
Species
The World Register of Marine Species lists the following species:
Dolioletta chuni (Neumann, 1906)
Dolioletta gegenbauri (Uljanin, 1884)
Dolioletta mirabilis Korotneff, 1891
Dolioletta tritonis Herdman, 1888
Dolioletta valdiviae (Neumann, 1906)
References
Thaliacea
Tunicate genera
Brooklyn is a 2015 romantic period drama film directed by John Crowley and written by Nick Hornby, based on the 2009 novel of the same name by Colm Tóibín. A co-production between the United Kingdom, Ireland, and Canada, it stars Saoirse Ronan in the lead role, with Emory Cohen, Domhnall Gleeson, Jim Broadbent, and Julie Walters in supporting roles. The plot follows Eilis Lacey, a young Irishwoman who emigrates to Brooklyn in the early 1950s to find employment. After building a life there, they are drawn back to their home town of Enniscorthy and has to choose where they want to forge their future. Principal photography began in April 2014 with three weeks of filming in Ireland, which were followed by four weeks in Montreal, Quebec; only two days of filming took place in Brooklyn, one of which was spent at the beach in Coney Island.
The film premiered on 26 January 2015 at the Sundance Film Festival, and was later screened as part of the Special Presentations section of the Toronto International Film Festival on 13 September. It opened in the United States on 4 November, in the United Kingdom and Ireland on 6 November, and in Canada on 20 November. Critical response to the film was overwhelmingly positive, with many reviewers praising the screenplay and direction. Ronan's performance was also highlighted by many critics, and they were nominated for numerous awards for Best Actress, including a BAFTA, Critics' Choice Award, Golden Globe, and Screen Actors Guild Award. The film won the BAFTA Award for Best British Film, and was nominated for three Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Actress (for Ronan), and Best Adapted Screenplay. It was also featured on more than 120 film critics' "Top 10" lists of the best films of 2015, and was ranked 48th on the BBC's 2016 list of the 100 Greatest Films of the 21st Century.
Plot
In 1951, in Enniscorthy, a small town in southeast Ireland, Eilis Lacey lives with their mother and older sister, Rose. Although they are an intelligent young woman, Eilis is unable to find full-time employment, so they work weekends at a shop run by the spiteful Miss Kelly. Eilis often accompanies their friend Nancy to local dances, but they are uninterested in the local young men.
Rose arranges with Father Flood, an Irish priest in Brooklyn, for Eilis to move to New York City, where, it is hoped, there will be more opportunities for them On the trip over, Eilis suffers from seasickness, but is locked out of the shared toilet by the women in the adjoining cabin. Them bunkmate, Georgina, an experienced traveler returning to the United States after a visit home, comes to their aid and offers advice and support.
In New York, Eilis moves into a Brooklyn boarding house run by Mrs Kehoe that caters to young Irish women, and Father Flood gets them a job as a salesclerk at a fancy department store, but they have difficulty adjusting to their new life. They feel homesick, particularly after reading the letters they receive from Rose. Upon learning this, Father Flood takes a more active interest in Eilis and gets them enrolled in night school bookkeeping classes at Brooklyn College, as they want to become an accountant.
At an Irish dance, Eilis meets Tony Fiorello, an amiable Italian-American plumber. They begin dating, and, as their romance becomes more serious and they progress in their studies, they gradually begin to feel more at home in Brooklyn.
When Rose unexpectedly dies, Eilis tells Tony they must return home to help their mother. They show them a plot of land on Long Island and tells them they and their brothers intend to build five houses on it, selling three and keeping one for their parents and one for them and Eilis, if they want it. They say they do, but they still feel the need to visit their mother, so Tony asks them to marry them before they go. Eilis is hesitant, but agrees, and they secretly marry at City Hall. While there, they bump into an Irish couple with relatives in Enniscorthy.
Once back in Ireland, Eilis falls, not back into their old life, but into a new one. They temporarily take Rose's still-vacant bookkeeping job to help out, and all indications are that the permanent position is hers, if they want it. Perhaps more surprisingly for her, however, Eilis finds themselves developing feelings for the thoughtful, well-off bachelor Jim Farrell, who Nancy set them up with, not knowing about Eilis' marriage. Eilis extends their trip to attend Nancy's wedding, and avoids reading Tony's letters. Jim asks them to stay and indicates they would like to propose marriage, but Eilis remains noncommittal, as they are not sure which future they want for herself.
One day, Miss Kelly tells Eilis, seemingly as a threat, that they know through gossip from the couple at City Hall that Eilis is married. Agitated, Eilis remembers the stifling and restrictive nature of life in Enniscorthy. They tearfully inform their mother that they are married to Tony and returns to Brooklyn, leaving a farewell letter for Jim. On the ocean crossing, Eilis offers guidance to a young woman making their own first trip to America. Once home, Eilis reunites with Tony and they embrace.
Cast
Colm Tóibín, the author of the novel upon which the film is based, has a cameo as the man in line in front of Eilis the first time they go through immigration in New York.
Production
Historical context
The film is set during a time when Irish migration to New York was thriving. The initial boom of Irish immigration to the US had started during the period following the Great Famine (1845–49). By the end of World War II, the rate of Irish immigration to New York had declined, but newly arriving citizens were still be able to find bustling Irish communities in which women were arguably a more significant presence than men. These women immigrants were often very active in the workplace, placing marriage ambitions on hold to find practical occupations in places such as supermarkets, eateries, and stores. Eilis makes their journey from Ireland to America in the 1950s, along with approximately 50,000 other immigrants (around a quarter of whom moved to New York) as a part of the second minor wave of migration. Many of these migrants were in search of steadier jobs and a happier lifestyle. There were also smaller surges of immigrants from many other countries at this time, expanding the trend of modern-day America becoming a vast land of many different cultures.
Adaptation
Brooklyn is adapted from Irish writer Colm Tóibín's 2009 novel of the same name. The novel has been much-celebrated in the literary world, with The Observer naming it as one of "The 10 best historical novels" in 2012. In addition to this, it won the 2009 Costa Novel Award, was shortlisted for the 2011 International Dublin Literary Award, and was longlisted for the 2009 Booker Prize.
The film is generally regarded as a faithful adaptation of the novel, with Tóibín noting the overall "authenticity" of the film in an interview with The Washington Post. However, the two works differ notably in how they end: in the novel, Eilis leaves Ireland, but their destination and ultimately their fate is left for the reader to decide, while the film ends with Eilis having a poignant reunion with Tony in Brooklyn. Both the book and film have been praised for their refreshing perspective on the plight of the Irish immigrant.
Principal photography
Principal photography began on 1 April 2014 in Ireland. The three weeks of filming in the country took place at locations in Enniscorthy, Wexford, and Dublin. On the first day of shooting, Ronan was spotted in period costume on the set in Enniscorthy. Production then moved to Montreal, Quebec, for four more weeks of filming. Two days were spent shooting in Brooklyn, one day of which was spent at the beach in Coney Island.
Music
Release
Brooklyn premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on 26 January 2015, after which a bidding war began between Fox Searchlight Pictures, Focus Features, and The Weinstein Company. Fox Searchlight prevailed, acquiring the distribution rights for the U.S. and several other territories for $9 million, which was one of the biggest deals to ever come out of Sundance. Brooklyn was selected to be shown as part of the Special Presentations section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival, where it was screened on 13 September.
In the United States, the film opened in limited release on 4 November 2015, before opening wide on 25 November. It was released by Lionsgate in the United Kingdom and Ireland on 6 November. In Canada, it was given a limited release by Mongrel Media in Toronto and Vancouver on 20 November, before opening nationwide on 11 December.
Reception
Critical response
The film received a standing ovation following its premiere at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival. On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, it holds an approval rating of 97% based on 277 reviews, with an average score of 8.50/10; the site's "critics consensus" reads: "Brooklyn buttresses outstanding performances from Saoirse Ronan and Emory Cohen with a rich period drama that tugs at the heartstrings as deftly as it satisfies the mind." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 88 out of 100 based on reviews from 45 critics, indicating "universal acclaim." Audiences polled by PostTrak gave the film an overall positive score of 92%, and over 80% of respondents said they would "definitely recommend" it.
The British Film Institute called the film one of the best releases of 2015. In their review for the organization, Philip Kemp, describing ambiance and tone of the film, stated: "In some ways Brooklyn feels like a movie that's not just about, but also from, a more innocent age." They also pointed out that, while most immigrant stories are "male-led", Brooklyn is "female-led and all the stronger for it", concluding that "In this, as in most other ways, it's faithful to its source material."
A review in Empire expanded on the film's genre and ambiance, stating: "Unashamedly romantic and achieved with a beautifully subtle, old-fashioned elegance, it's a graceful coming-of-age tale ripe for awards."
Box office
Brooklyn grossed $38.3 million in North America and $23.7 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $62.1 million, against a budget of $11 million. The Hollywood Reporter calculated that the film made a net profit of $3–4 million.
The film's gross in Canada exceeded C$4 million, giving it the highest cumulative domestic gross of any Canadian film released in 2015. In Ireland, it earned over $650,000 from 87 cinemas its opening weekend, which was the biggest opening of any Irish drama in Ireland since Michael Collins opened to $662,000 in November 1996.
Accolades
The film won the Audience Favorite Gold Award in World Cinema at the Mill Valley Film Festival, the Rogers People's Choice Award at the Vancouver International Film Festival, and the Audience Award for Best Narrative Feature at the Virginia Film Festival. Emory Cohen was named Breakthrough Performer at the Hamptons International Film Festival.
Brooklyn received many nominations for industry and critics awards, including three nominations at the 88th Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Adapted Screenplay, and Best Actress. Saoirse Ronan's performance was particularly praised, and, in addition to their Oscar nod, they garnered BAFTA, Critics' Choice, Golden Globe, and SAG nominations for Best Actress. They also won the BIFA Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a British Independent Film. Julie Walters was nominated for Best Supporting Actress at the BAFTAs. The film won the Canadian Screen Awards for Best Cinematography and Best Musical Score and the Quebec Cinema Awards (formerly known as the Prix Jutra) for Best Cinematography and Best Art Direction.
The film was also featured on more than 120 film critics' "Top 10" lists of the best films of 2015, and was ranked 48th on the BBC's 2016 list of the 100 Greatest Films of the 21st Century. It is ranked as the fourth-best reviewed film of 2015 on Rotten Tomatoes, and as fifth-best on Metacritic.
References
External links
Brooklyn at Library and Archives Canada
2015 films
2015 romantic drama films
2010s English-language films
BBC Film films
TSG Entertainment films
British Film Institute films
Irish Film Board films
British romantic drama films
Canadian romantic drama films
Irish romantic drama films
English-language Irish films
English-language Canadian films
Films scored by Michael Brook
Films about immigration to the United States
Films about Irish-American culture
Films based on Irish novels
Films directed by John Crowley
Films set in 1951
Films set in 1952
Films set in the 1950s
Films set in Brooklyn
Films set in Ireland
Films shot in the Republic of Ireland
Films shot in Montreal
Films shot in New York City
British historical romance films
2010s historical romance films
Films with screenplays by Nick Hornby
BAFTA winners (films)
Best British Film BAFTA Award winners
2010s Canadian films
2010s British films
This is a list of launches made by the Kosmos rocket family, including both the R-12 and R-14 missiles derived versions.
R-12-based version launches history
| colspan="6" |
1961
|-
| colspan="6" |
1962
|-
| colspan="6" |
1963
|-
| colspan="6" |
1964
|-
| colspan="6" |
1965
|-
| colspan="6" |
1966
|-
| colspan="6" |
1967
|-
| colspan="6" |
1968
|-
| colspan="6" |
1969
|-
| colspan="6" |
1970
|-
| colspan="6" |
1971
|-
| colspan="6" |
1972
|-
| colspan="6" |
1973
|-
| colspan="6" |
1974
|-
| colspan="6" |
1975
|-
| colspan="6" |
1976
|-
| colspan="6" |
1977
|-
| colspan="6" |
|}
R-14-based version launches history
| colspan="6" |
1964
|-
| colspan="6" |
1965
|-
| colspan="6" |
1966
|-
| colspan="6" |
1967
|-
| colspan="6" |
1968
|-
| colspan="6" |
1969
|-
| colspan="6" |
1970
|-
| colspan="6" |
1971
|-
| colspan="6" |
1972
|-
| colspan="6" |
1973
|-
| colspan="6" |
1974
|-
| colspan="6" |
1975
|-
| colspan="6" |
1976
|-
| colspan="6" |
1977
|-
| colspan="6" |
1978
|-
| colspan="6" |
1979
|-
| colspan="6" |
1980
|-
| colspan="6" |
1981
|-
| colspan="6" |
1982
|-
| colspan="6" |
1983
|-
| colspan="6" |
1984
|-
| colspan="6" |
1985
|-
| colspan="6" |
1986
|-
| colspan="6" |
1987
|-
| colspan="6" |
1988
|-
| colspan="6" |
1989
|-
| colspan="6" |
1990
|-
| colspan="6" |
1991
|-
| colspan="6" |
1992
|-
| colspan="6" |
1993
|-
| colspan="6" |
1994
|-
| colspan="6" |
1995
|-
| colspan="6" |
1996
|-
| colspan="6" |
1997
|-
| colspan="6" |
1998
|-
| colspan="6" |
1999
|-
| colspan="6" |
2000
|-
| colspan="6" |
2001
|-
| colspan="6" |
2002
|-
| colspan="6" |
2003
|-
| colspan="6" |
2004
|-
| colspan="6" |
2005
|-
| colspan="6" |
2006
|-
| colspan="6" |
2007
|-
| colspan="6" |
2008
|-
| colspan="6" |
2009
|-
| colspan="6" |
2010
|-
| colspan="6" |
|}
References
Kosmos
Cours Hattemer is a French private, secular school. It is independent of the state, and can follow its own teaching approach, which is structured and places great stress on repetition to drive home what has been learned. The school has many well-known alumni including the actor Brigitte Bardot and the French President Jacques Chirac.
Hattemer is located in Paris, in the 8th and 16th districts.
Description
The school was founded by Rose Hattemer of Alsace in 1885.
The founder taught some of the great Parisian families towards the end of the 19th century, and developed a method of teaching by correspondence for the children of diplomats, which is still followed today.
The school was originally located on rue Clapeyron in the 8th arrondissement of Paris.
It is now housed in a five-story building erected nearby on rue de Londres in 1935 to accommodate a growing number of pupils.
There is a cafeteria, gym and playground.
The school provides flexible hours, so a student may take time to practice an instrument or train for a sport.
When Brigitte Bardot was admitted to the Cours Hattemer at the age of seven during World War II (1939–45) they only had to go to school three days a week, and otherwise studied at home. This gave their time to take dancing lessons.
In the period after World War II the school was one of the few that encouraged art, and thereby attracted pupils from the families of actors or public figures.
It catered to children who were "special cases" such as Françoise Sagan and their classmate Florence Malraux, daughter of André Malraux, who attended in the early 1950s.
There are about 1,500 students from kindergarten to the Baccalauréat (high school certificate), half of whom learn by correspondence.
Classes have 15–25 students.
Syllabus
Hattemer is a private school that is not under contract to the government and so has freedom to set its own curriculum and teaching methods.
Students and their parents are screened to ensure they agree that a child who is learning is a happy child. The school's teachers write the textbooks.
The school uses structure and repetition in its classes.
Constant repetition of content in oral and written questions includes reviews of what was learned in a day, a week and a year.
In 2017, Hattemer joined the international NACE Schools group.
Notable alumni
The walls of the school are lined with photographs of famous alumni, including Brigitte Bardot, Jacques Chirac, Christophe Dechavanne, Jean d'Ormesson, Michel Polnareff, Véronique Sanson and Anne Sinclair.
Other notable alumni include:
Aga Khan IV (born 1936), business person, Imam of Nizari Ismailism
Bảo Đại (1913–97), last emperor of Vietnam
Alain Calmat (born 1940), skater, surgeon, politician
Claude Cheysson (1920–2012), politician
Bruno Cremer (1929–2010), actor
Bernard Debré (born 1944), urologist, politician
Patrick Dewaere (1947–82), film actor
Dominique Frémy (1931–2008), creator of the Quid encyclopedia
Jacques Friedel (1921–2014), physicist, material scientist
Jacques de Lacretelle (1888–1985), novelist
Jacques Laffite (born 1943), racing driver, TV commentator
Bertrand Meyer (born 1950), computer scientist
Christine Ockrent (born 1944), journalist
Michel Poniatowski (1922–2002), politician
Anne Queffélec (born 1948), classical pianist
Rainier III, Prince of Monaco (1923–2005), ruler of Monaco
Édouard de Rothschild (born 1957), business person
Françoise Sagan (1935–2004), playwright, novelist
Jean-Paul Sartre (1905–80), philosopher, playwright, novelist
Princess Stéphanie of Monaco (born 1965), singer, fashion model.
Notes
Sources
Private schools in France
Buildings and structures in the 8th arrondissement of Paris
1885 establishments in France
Educational institutions established in 1885
Christopher Campbell is a former American political aide and senior government official who previously served as Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Financial Institutions. They were unanimously confirmed as Assistant Secretary by the United States Senate in 2017. Prior to assuming their Department of Treasury role, Campbell was the majority staff director for the United States Senate Committee on Finance and a staffer on the United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary.
Early career
Chris successfully consulted on a handful of winning U.S. political campaigns for candidates for federal office including several campaigns for former U.S. Senator Orrin Hatch. Additionally Chris owned a business-consulting firm that specialized in business strategy with clients from all sized companies, from all regions of the country, and from a wide variety of industries.
U.S. Senate
Chris was the majority staff director to the U.S. Senate Committee on Finance. They designed, managed, and coordinated the U.S. Senate Republican agenda in the areas of international and domestic taxation, international trade, Medicare (United States), Medicaid, Social Security, the U.S. National Debt, and oversight of three presidential cabinet secretaries. They were named by Roll Call Newspaper as one of the 50 most influential staffers on Capitol Hill seven years running and recognized as a bipartisan problem-solver. Previously, they served as legislative director to former U.S. Senator Orrin G. Hatch, where they coordinated and managed the senator's legislative activities.
U.S. Treasury
Chris was unanimously confirmed by the US Senate to serve as the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Financial Institutions from 2017 to 2018. In that role, they were responsible for coordinating the department's efforts regarding financial institutions legislation and regulation, legislation affecting Federal agencies that regulate or insure financial institutions and securities markets legislation and regulation. Specific policy and program areas of oversight included government-sponsored enterprises, critical infrastructure protection (cybersecurity) and compliance policy, the Federal Insurance Office (FIO), and small business, community development, and affordable housing policy. Chris was the Treasury board representative on the boards of the Pension Benefit Guarantee Corporation (PBGC) and the Financial Industry's Critical Infrastructure Group. Chris regularly met with the heads of the 15 federal financial regulators. Chris oversaw the Deputy Assistant Secretaries for Financial Institutions Policy and Small Business, Community Development and Affordable Housing, and Cybersecurity in addition to a staff of 200.
Post-Treasury
Christopher Campbell is the Chief Policy Strategist at Kroll, based in Miami. Chris is a frequent television commentator on issues impacting the economy. Additionally Chris is a director of tZERO, Intrado, WEconnect Health Management, Bitt and is a Board Advisor to CrossRiver Bank. Chris is an Professor of Practice at their alma mater, Thunderbird School of Global Management. They also serve as a strategic advisor and consultant to several large national and international organizations.  They are a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
Media appearances
Chris Campbell regularly appears on economically geared media outlets and on American cable news programs.  They are regularly called upon to serve as a commentator on the media and economy on network news shows as well as CNN, Fox News Channel, CNBC, Bloomberg and the BBC among others. They have also published economic commentary in exclusive venues, such as Fox News. Appearances include: CNBC's Squwak Box, CNBC's Worldwide Exchange, Cheddar TV and many more.
References
Living people
California Republicans
University of California, Santa Barbara alumni
Thunderbird School of Global Management alumni
Trump administration personnel
People from Hemet, California
United States Assistant Secretaries of the Treasury
Year of birth missing (living people)
Dr. Noor Jehan Panezai served as the Deputy Chairman of the Senate of Pakistan from 21 March 1991 to 20 March 1994. They were the first woman to hold the office.
They died on 30 August 2014.
References
2014 deaths
20th-century Pakistani politicians
Pakistani women in politics
Year of birth missing
Deputy chairpeople of the Senate of Pakistan
Constance Edith Vaughan (September 1904 – ca. 1970), better known by their pseudonym Olive Moore, was a modernist English writer best known for three well-esteemed novels: Celestial Seraglio (1929), Spleen (1930), and Fugue (1932), and for the acerbic essay collection The Apple Is Bitten Again (1934). They also produced an essay on D.H. Lawrence, entitled Further Reflections on the Death of a Porcupine, which was privately printed in 1933 and included in their essay collection. Them Collected Writings was published in 1992.
Biography
Born in Hereford, Moore was acquainted with the Bloomsbury literary circles in London during their prolific years, and with the poet Hugh MacDiarmid and the radical London bookseller and publisher Charles Lahr. They briefly worked for the Daily Sketch. In the early 1920s, they married the sculptor Sava Botzaris (1894-1965). Otherwise, little is known about their life, beyond a brief autobiographic sketch in 1933. Moore claimed to be working on a novel entitled Amazon and Hero: The Drama of the Greek War for Independence, which was never published. Due to their rapid disappearance from the London literary scene, the date and location of their death remain unknown, though they are believed to have died around 1970.
Style
Moore has been termed "a cross between Virginia Woolf and Djuna Barnes, but with a more biting wit." Them novels make free use of modernist techniques such as stream of consciousness in their frank dealings with issues of sexuality and disability. Though considered a highly talented experimental writer, Moore's disappearance (and the rarity of published versions of their texts until the mid-1990s) has led to a relative critical neglect of their work, until recently. Cleveland Review of Books reviewed Spleen, calling it "morbid and beautiful," after Moore's resurgence in the cultural zeitgeist.
Sources
1904 births
1970s deaths
English essayists
20th-century English novelists
English women novelists
British women essayists
People from Hereford
20th-century English women writers
20th-century essayists
English women non-fiction writers
The Welsh Youth Parliament (WYP) () is a youth model legislature established in 2018 by the Senedd (then the National Assembly for Wales).
It states that its purpose is to empower young people to make decisions and to provide them with a voice in Welsh politics.
Background
The WYP was formed in December 2018 and consists of sixty members of 11 to 18 year olds.
Forty members were elected in an electronic election using the Senedd constituencies and twenty further members were chosen by partner organisations. The young people are known as Members of the Welsh Youth Parliament (WYPMs).
All sixty members of the Parliament meet nationally, over a total of three occasions, during their two-year term. The organisation meets at the Senedd building in Cardiff Bay.
The first meeting of all members took place in February 2019. In addition the members meet in regional meetings to continue their work programme; which are held in the four electoral regions of Wales - Mid & West Wales, North Wales, South-East Wales and South-West Wales. Three regional events are also held over the two-year term where young people from all over Wales can meet with their elected representatives and have their views heard.
Partner organisations
At its inception, youth organisations across Wales were invited to apply to be partner organisations for the inaugural Parliament. Those who were chosen returned between one and three members each to represent them, coming from a diverse range of people in Wales.
Partner organisations of the Welsh Youth Parliament include:
Barnardo's Cymru
Caerphilly Youth Service
Carers Trust Wales
Ethnic Minorities & Youth Support Team Wales and Race Council Cymru
Girlguiding Cymru
Learning Disability Wales
National Youth Advocacy Service
Talking Hands
Tros Gynnal Plant Cymru
Urdd Gobaith Cymru
Voices from Care Cymru
Youth Cymru
YMCA Swansea
See also
Plaid Ifanc
UK Youth Parliament
References
Youth empowerment organizations
Politics of Wales
Youth organisations based in Wales
Youth model government
2018 establishments in Wales
Youth organizations established in 2018
Sam Tolchard (born 27 May 1989) is an English international lawn and indoor bowler.
Profile
In 2009, they won the singles and triples silver medals at the Atlantic Bowls Championships and the following year in 2010, they won the Hong Kong International Bowls Classic pairs title with Robert Newman.
They competed for England in the men's pairs at the 2014 Commonwealth Games where they won a bronze medal.
They were selected as part of the English team for the 2018 Commonwealth Games on the Gold Coast in Queensland where they claimed a bronze medal in the Fours with David Bolt, Jamie Chestney and Louis Ridout.
In 2019, they won the triples bronze medal at the Atlantic Bowls Championships and in 2020 they were selected for the 2020 World Outdoor Bowls Championship in Australia. In 2022, they competed in the men's pairs and the men's fours at the 2022 Commonwealth Games. Partnering Jamie Walker they won the pairs silver medal, losing out to Wales in the final and in the fours they also secured a bronze medal.
National Achievements
They have won eight National Championship titles, including six singles titles. They bowl outdoors for Kings BC, who have won the Top Club championship four years running from 2016–2019.
National titles
2007 Bowls England National Championships (Men's Champion of Champions)
2008 Bowls England National Championships (Men's Singles Four Wood)
2016 Bowls England National Championships (Men's Pairs)
2016 Bowls England National Championships (Men's Singles Two Wood)
2019 Bowls England National Championships (Men's Champion of Champions)
2021 Bowls England National Championships (Men's Singles Four Wood)
2021 Bowls England National Championships (Men's Singles Two Wood)
2022 Bowls England National Championships (Men's Singles Two Wood)
Personal life and family
Tolchard is the brother of England international bowler Sophie Tolchard. Their father, Ray Tolchard, played cricket for Devon and was a first-class cricket umpire, and their uncle Roger Tolchard played Test cricket for England and county cricket for Leicestershire. Another uncle, Jeffrey Tolchard, also played cricket for Leicestershire and played football for Torquay United and Exeter City.
References
1989 births
Living people
Commonwealth Games medallists in lawn bowls
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Bowls players at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Bowls players at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Bowls players at the 2022 Commonwealth Games
English male bowls players
Sportspeople from Torquay
This is the list of cathedrals in Portugal sorted by denomination.
Roman Catholic
Cathedrals of the Roman Catholic Church in Portugal:
Angra do Heroismo Cathedral/Church of the Blessed Saviour ()
Aveiro Cathedral/Church of Saint Dominic or Church of Our Lady of Mercy()
Beja Cathedral/Church of Saint James the Great ()
Braga Cathedral/Cathedral of Saint Mary ()
Bragança Cathedral/ Church of Our Lady Queen ()
Co-Cathedral of Miranda do Douro/Church of Saint Mary the Great ()
Coimbra New Cathedral/Church of the Society of Jesus ()
Évora Cathedral/Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption ()
Faro Cathedral/Church of Saint Mary ()
Funchal Cathedral/Church of Our Lady of the Assumption ()
Guarda Cathedral/Cathedral of Our Lady of Consolation ()
Lamego Cathedral/Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption ()
Leiria Cathedral/Cathedral of Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception ()
Lisbon Cathedral/Patriarchal Cathedral of Saint Mary the Great ()
Portalegre Cathedral/ Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption ()
Castelo Branco Co-Cathedral/Church of Saint Michael ()
Porto Cathedral/Cathedral of the Assumption of Our Lady ()
Santarém Cathedral/College of Our Lady of the Assumption/Seminary of Santarém ()
Setúbal Cathedral/Church of Saint Mary of Grace ()
Cathedral of Viana do Castelo ()
Vila Real Cathedral/Church and Convent of Saint Dominic ()
Viseu Cathedral/Cathedral of St. Mary ()
Former cathedrals
Sé Cathedral of Bragança/Church of Saint John the Baptist ()
Sé Cathedral (Old) of Coimbra/Old Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption ()
Cathedral of Elvas/Church of Our Lady of the Assumption ()
Cathedral of Idanha-a-Velha ()
Silves Cathedral/Former Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption ()
Anglican
Cathedrals of the Lusitanian Catholic Apostolic Evangelical Church:
St Paul's Cathedral in São Paulo, Lisbon
See also
Lists of cathedrals
Christianity in Portugal
Roman Catholicism in Portugal
Protestantism in Portugal
References
Notes
External links
Cathedrals in Portugal
Conferência Episcopal Portuguesa
Lusitanian Catholic Apostolic Evangelical Church Official Site
Cathedrals
Portugal
Cathedrals
The lemon-throated barbet (Eubucco richardsoni) is a species of bird in the New World barbet family Capitonidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The lemon-throated barbet as recognized by the South American Classification Committee of the American Ornithological Society (AOS), the International Ornithological Committee (IOC), and the Clements taxonomy has four subspecies: the nominate Eubucco richardsoni richardsoni, E. r. nigriceps, E. r. aurantiicollis, and E. r. purusianus. Clements groups richardsoni and nigriceps as "lemon-throated" and the other two as "flame-throated" within the species. The Cornell Lab of Ornithology's Birds of the World treats the two groups separately within its account of the lemon-throated barbet sensu lato. At various times, including as recently as 2014, aurantiicollis has been treated as a separate species called flame-throated barbet.
Description
The "lemon-throated" barbet is approximately long and weighs . The male of the nominate subspecies has a red crown, gray-blue nape, and green upperparts. Its throat is yellow, the breast orange-red, and the belly and flanks greenish with dark streaks. The female is duller, with a gray-green crown, nape, and upperparts. Its throat is bluish, the breast orange-gold, and the underparts bluish yellow with dark streaks. The male E. r. nigriceps has a black crown and both sexes have blue-green upperparts.
The "flame-throated" barbet is long and weighs , heavier than the two "lemon-throated" subspecies. E. r. aurantiicollis differs from the nominate by having a yellow nape, upperparts that are a yellower green, a more orange throat, and a redder breast. The female is similar to the nominate but less yellow in the throat and breast. The E. r. purusianus male is paler than the nominate and more pinkish on the breast. The female's breast band is the same orange-gold as the nominate's but narrower.
Distribution and habitat
The lemon-throated barbet is a bird of the western Amazon Basin. The four subspecies are found thus:
E. r. richardsoni, from eastern Colombia's Arauca Department south and east through eastern Ecuador into northern Peru west of Iquitos.
E. r. nigriceps, from the lower Putumayo and Napo Rivers in northeastern Peru east to far western Amazonas, Brazil, north of the Amazon River. (One record further east in Jaú National Park)
E. r. aurantiicollis, from the area of the Marañón River in eastern Peru east to near the Juruá River south of the Amazon in western Brazil and south to northwestern Bolivia.
E. r. purusianus, western Brazil south of the Amazon from the Juruá River area east to the upper Madeira River.
All of the subspecies inhabit the same forest types, lowland terra firme and dense secondary forest and their edges and clearings. They also are found in the edges of várzea forest. They are more numerous in maturing forest near rivers and lakes than in fully mature forest. In elevation they range from the lowlands to in Colombia, in Ecuador, in Bolivia, and in Peru.
Behavior
Feeding
The diet of the "flame-throated" barbet is fruits and arthropods, approximately evenly divided. It forages alone or in pairs from the canopy of the forest to within of the forest floor, but more commonly between . It also frequently joins mixed-species foraging flocks. It spends more than one-third of its foraging time feeding on insects in dead leaf clusters. The "lemon throated" barbet's diet and foraging behavior have not been documented but are assumed to be very similar.
Breeding
The "lemon-throated" barbet's breeding season appears to be from April to November though it may begin in February. Its nest and eggs have not been described. The "flame-throated" barbet's breeding phenology has not been studied, though its breeding season is believed to start earlier than that of the nominate subspecies.
Vocalization
The songs of the four lemon-throated barbet subspecies do not differ substantially. Their song is "soft double or usually triple 'hoo' notes in [a] fast, trill-like series" . Its calls are "various grunts and snarls" .
Status
The IUCN treats Eubucco richardsoni and E. aurantiicollis as separate species and has assessed both as being of The Least Concern. Though their populations are unknown and are believed to be decreasing, those criteria have not reached the values needed for a more critical rating. Both occur in several protected areas.
References
lemon-throated barbet
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
lemon-throated barbet
lemon-throated barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Beas Airport is a civil aerodrome located in Amritsar, Punjab in India. The airport is the main base of private jets of Radha Soami and used exclusively for their personal travel. As of now, the airport does not serve any scheduled flight operations. The nearest airport to Beas Airport is Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport, the primary airport serving Amritsar.
Area
The Airport is spread over an 497,214 m2 and perimeter length of 6043 metre.
Future Plans
There are plans to start scheduled flight operations from the airport in future. Ministry of Civil Aviation has identified Beas airport under its UDAN-Regional Connectivity Scheme. The airlines would be permitted to run short flights of less than 1 hour on these routes and the fare has been capped at Rs. 2500, in order to promote regional connectivity scheme.
Satellite Airport
Due to the fast pace of growing aviation industry in India, it is projected that over 31 cities will need 2nd airport by 2040. Beas Airport can act as a 'satellite airport' or 'second airport' serving Amritsar after SGRDJ-Amritsar International Airport.
References
Airports in Punjab, India
Airports with year of establishment missing
Transport in Amritsar
Ulrike Felt (born 1957) is an Austrian social scientist, active in the field of Science and Technology Studies. Currently, they hold the chair for Social Studies of Science and is Dean of the Faculty of Social Sciences at the University of Vienna. They also acted as the president of the European Association for the Study of Science and Technology (EASST). From 2002 to 2007, they have been editor-in-chief of the journal “Science, Technology, & Human Values”.
Life
Trained as a physicist, they acquired their PhD in Physics at the University of Vienna in 1983. From 1983 until 1988, they were part of a research team investigating the history of the European High Energy Physics Lab (CERN) in Genève. Subsequently, they were part of the Department for the Philosophy and Social Studies of Science at the University of Vienna, which had been newly founded under the lead of Helga Nowotny, becoming an assistant professor in 1989. Since 1999, they are full Professor of Social Studies of Science. From 2004 to 2014, they were Head of the newly founded Department of Science and Technology Studies. They have held guest professorships at the Université du Québec à Montréal, the Université Louis Pasteur, Strasbourg, the ETH Zurich and visiting scholar at the STS group at Harvard. They have been part of numerous international professional committees and held many scientific advisory posts, among them being a member of the expert advisory group “Science and Society” for the European Unions 6th Framework Program, and has been co-director of the EC DG Research expert group on “Science and Governance”, from 2005 to 2007. They were the leading founder of the interdisciplinary Master program "Science - Technology - Society", which has been set up at the University of Vienna in 2009. They have been editor of the leading STS journal "Science, Technology, & Human Values" (SAGE) from 2002-2007 and has been the leading editor of the new Handbook of Science and Technology Studies (MIT Press, 2017). Since 2014 they are Dean of the Faculty of Social Sciences at the University of Vienna.
Research
Ulrike Felt has published widely in different areas of Science, Technology, and Society. Throughout their work, questions of the public engagement with science and of science policy have been a major concern for Felt. Them work on public perception of different technologies, the organisation and reflection of different participatory events as well as on the complex relations of science and democracy has contributed in many innovative ways to the debates in STS and beyond.
An important line of their work has focused on changing modes of knowledge production within the sciences, and on how this impacts ways of working and living within research cultures. They have introduced the concept of “epistemic living spaces” in order to describe how the social and epistemic are co-produced within scientific work spaces:
"By epistemic living space, we mean researchers' individual or collective perceptions and narrative re-constructions of the structures, contexts, rationales, actors and values which mould, guide and delimit their potential actions, both in what they aim to know and in how they act in social contexts in science and beyond." (Felt/Fochler 2010: 4f)
Using this concept, they have pointed to the potential implications of recent changes within career structures and the organization of the sciences for the knowledge produced within contemporary societies, focusing recently on changing temporal orders of research practices and policy.
Another line of their work has focused on how science and technology are embedded within local and national contexts. By introducing the notion of “technopolitical cultures” (Felt et al. 2010), Felt has pointed to the nationally distinct ways of how technoscience is entangled with cultural norms and values. Further, they are interested in how novel technologies like nano or genetic testing become imagined and integrated within specific local contexts. These questions are closely tied to their methodological interests. Felt and the Department of Social Studies of Science have engaged not only in the development of novel qualitative social science methods, but also in reflecting the performativity and politics of both participatory engagements and traditional socio-scientific methods.
More recently, and lying across their different research interests, they have been engaging with the role of changing temporal structures and the growing importance of future in shaping the interface of science, technology and society.
Finally, since late 2015 they are leading a new interfaculty research platform at the University of Vienna "Responsible Research and Innovation in Academic Practice".
Key Publications
Felt, Ulrike, Schumann, Simone, Schwarz, Claudia and Strassnig, Michael (2012) 'Technology of Imagination. A Card-based Public Engagement Method for Debating Emerging Technologies'. Qualitative Research, in press
Felt, Ulrike, Igelsböck, Judith, Schikowitz, Andrea and Völker, Thomas (2012) 'Growing Into What? The (Un-)disciplined Socialisation of Early Stage Researchers in Transdisciplinary Research'. Higher Education, online first, DOI: 10.1007/s10734-012-9560-1
Felt, Ulrike and Fochler, Maximilian (2012) 'Re-ordering Epistemic Living Spaces: On the Tacit Governance Effects of the Public Communication of Science', in Rödder, S., Franzen, M. and P. Weingart (eds), The Sciences' Media Connection – Communication to the Public and its Repercussions. Sociology of the Sciences Yearbook 28 (Dortrecht: Springer): 133-154.
Felt, Ulrike and Müller, Ruth (2011) 'Tentative (Id)entities. On Technopolitical Cultures and the Experiencing of Genetic Testing', BioSocieties 6/3: 342-363.
Felt, Ulrike and Fochler, Maximilian (2011) 'Slim futures and the fat pill. Civic imaginations of innovation and governance in an engagement setting', Science as Culture 20/3: 307-328.
Felt, Ulrike and Fochler, Maximilian (2010) 'Machineries for Making Publics: Inscribing and Describing Publics in Public Engagement', Minerva 48/3, 219-238.
Felt, Ulrike, Fochler, Maximilian and Winkler, Peter (2010) 'Coming to Terms with Biomedical Technologies in Different Technopolitical Cultures. A Comparative Analysis of Focus Groups on Organ Transplantation and Genetic Testing in Austria, France, and the Netherlands', Science, Technology, & Human Values, 35/4: 525-553.
Felt, Ulrike (ed.) (2009): Knowing and Living in Academic Research. Convergence and Heterogeneity in Research Cultures in the European Context (Prague: Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic).
Felt, Ulrike, Gugglberger, Lisa and Mager, Astrid (2009) 'Shaping the Future E-Patient: The Citizen-Patient in Public Discourse on E-Health', Science Studies 22/1: 24-43.
Felt, Ulrike, Bister, Milena, Strassnig, Michael and Wagner, Ursula (2009) 'Refusing the Information Paradigm: Informed Consent, Medical Research, and Patient Participation', health: An Interdisciplinary Journal for the Social Study of Health, Illness and Medicine 13/1: 87-106.
Felt, Ulrike and Fochler, Maximilian (2008): The bottom-up meanings of the concept of public participation. Science and Public Policy 35/7, 489-499.
Felt, Ulrike; Fochler, Maximilian; Mager, Astrid and Winkler, Peter (2008): Visions and Versions of Governing Biomedicine: Narratives on Power Structures, Decision-Making, and Public Participation in the Field of Biomedical Technologies in the Austrian Context. Social Studies of Science 38/2, 233-258.
Felt, Ulrike; Wynne, Brian et al. (2007): Taking European Knowledge Society Seriously (Luxembourg: European Commission).
Nowotny, Helga and Felt, Ulrike (1997) 'After the Breakthrough. The Emergence of High-Temperature Superconductivity as a Research Field' (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press).
Felt, Ulrike, Nowotny, Helga and Taschwer, Klaus (1995) 'Wissenschaftsforschung. Eine Einführung' (Frankfurt am Main/New York: Campus).
Felt, Ulrike (1993) 'Fabricating Scientific Success Stories', Public Understanding of Science 2/4: 375-90.
External links
Biography
References
Austrian social scientists
Living people
1957 births
People associated with CERN
Science and technology studies scholars
ETH Zurich faculty
Sykkylvsbladet (The Sykkylven Gazette) is a local Norwegian newspaper published in Sykkylven in Møre og Romsdal county.
The paper mostly covers the municipality of Sykkylven. It appears twice a week, on Wednesdays and Fridays, and is published in Nynorsk. The paper is edited by Frank Kjøde and it is printed by Edda Trykk Nordvest AS.
Circulation
According to the Norwegian Audit Bureau of Circulations and National Association of Local Newspapers, Sykkylvsbladet has had the following annual circulation:
2004: 2,756
2005: 2,792
2006: 2,833
2007: 2,937
2008: 2,980
2009: 3,017
2010: 3,026
2011: 2,971
2012: 2,975
2013: 2,927
2014: 2,856
2015: 2,797
2016: 2,718
References
External links
Sykkylvsbladet homepage
Newspapers published in Norway
Norwegian-language newspapers
Sykkylven
Mass media in Møre og Romsdal
Publications established in 1946
1946 establishments in Norway
Nynorsk
The Chair may refer to:
The Chair (Aintree Racecourse), a fence on the British horse racing course
The Chair (film), 2007
The Chair (game show), an American TV program
"The Chair" (song), recorded by George Strait, 1985
"The Chair", a song by Living Colour from the 2009 album The Chair in the Doorway
"The Chair", a song by Jars of Clay from the soundtrack to the film The Long Kiss Goodnight
"The Chair", a 1949 furniture design by Hans J. Wegner
The Chair, a 1998 book about chair design by Galen Cranz
The Chair, a 2014 TV series by Starz
The Chair (2021 TV series), a 2021 American comedic drama TV miniseries
See also
Chair (disambiguation)
The Chairs, a 1952 play by Eugène Ionesco
Electric chair
"Wedding Bells" is a song written by Claude Boone and recorded by Hank Williams on MGM Records. It peaked at No. 2 on the Best Selling Retail Folk chart in 1949.
Background
"Wedding Bells" was first recorded by the Knoxville radio veteran Bill Carlisle on King Records in 1947. According to the country music historian Colin Escott, Claude Boone, who played guitar for the Knoxville bluegrass star Carl Story, bought the song for 25 dollars from James Arthur Pritchett, a local musician and drunk who performed under the name "Arthur Q. Smith". The song's narrator describes their despair over the love of their life marrying another man. According to Boone, Williams called it "the prettiest song he'd ever heard". Williams recorded it at Castle Studio in Nashville on March 20, 1949, with Fred Rose producing and was supported by Dale Potter (fiddle), Don Davis (steel guitar), Zeb Turner (electric guitar), Jack Shook (rhythm guitar) and Velma Williams (bass). "Wedding Bells" was significant because it was the first single following Williams' biggest hit, "Lovesick Blues".
The recording session for "Wedding Bells" took place after Williams' first ever flight. They telegrammed the producer Fred Rose before takeoff, "Flight 58 will arrive at 5:45. I hope."
Cover versions
Hank Snow covered the song in 1957.
It was recorded by Marty Robbins in 1958.
George Jones recorded it for their 1962 LP My Favorites of Hank Williams.
Jerry Lee Lewis included the song on their 1967 LP Soul My Way, although it had been recorded several years earlier.
Dean Martin recorded the song for their 1965 album Dean Martin Hits Again.
Charlie Rich covered the song on their 1967 album Charlie Rich Sings Country and Western.
It was featured as part of a Hank Williams medley on Conway Twitty's 1971 album How Much More Can They Stand.
Glen Campbell recorded it for their Williams tribute album in 1973.
Lissie recorded the song for their 2009 EP Why You Runnin'''.
It was recorded by Bill Anderson in 1968.
Australian Reg Lindsay included their version on the album Reg Lindsay Classics, c 1981
Margo Smith released a version in 1982 that peaked at number 78 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart.
Australian Dusty Rankin covered the song on their album, A Portrait of Dusty, 1974.
D.L. Menard known as the "Cajun Hank Williams" recorded their version for their 1984 Rounder Records album "Cajun Saturday Night".
John Prine covered the song with Lucinda Williams singing "Let's Turn Back The Years" on the same track for their 1999 album, In Spite of Ourselves''.
References
1949 songs
Hank Williams songs
MGM Records singles
Songs about marriage
The Veritas Meteor was a Formula One and Formula 2 race car that raced for Veritas and private stables from 1951 until 1954.
Design and development
In 1949, designer Ernst Loof created the Veritas Meteor, a monoposto or single-seater with free-standing wheels based on the then valid Formula 2, according to which the 1952 and 1953 races for the automobile world championship were held. Racing cars with up to 500 cm³ and a supercharger or with a maximum of 2000 cm³ without a supercharger were allowed.
The basis of the engine in the Veritas Meteor manufactured by Heinkel was the six-cylinder of the BMW 328, which was further developed by former BMW employees Karl Schäfer, Karl Rech, and Max Knoch. The eye-catching feature of the new in-line engine with a displacement of 1988 cm³ was the overhead camshaft, which controlled the valves hanging in the cylinder head in a V-shape. The crankshaft ran in lead-bronze bearings, while the connecting rods were roller-mounted on both the crank pins and the gudgeon pins. The engine produced 140 hp at 7000 rpm; it was water-cooled with 10 liters of water circulating and had dry-sump lubrication with a capacity of 12 liters.
The power was transmitted to a self-locking differential and to the rear wheels via a single-plate dry clutch, a five-speed gearbox with a special oil pump, and a Cardan shaft. Depending on the race track, the gears of the differential could be changed to adjust the gear ratio.
The frame of the Veritas Meteor consisted of a tube lattice (trellis tube frame). The front wheels were suspended on double triangular links, with a longitudinal torsion bar acting on the upper links and the slanted telescopic shock absorbers supported on the lower links. The rear double-jointed axle, which was also torsion-bar-sprung, had a wishbone on each side and an additional wishbone above the differential, and from 1952 a De Dion support tube behind the differential.
The foot brake acted hydraulically on four light-alloy drums via two brake cylinders. The car was driven either with steel disc wheels or with Rudge steel spoke wheels, both versions with center locks.
In 1950, the Hebmüller bodywork factory built a streamlined body for a Veritas Meteor on the order of the racing driver Karl Kling. Kling won the Solitude race with the car on August 13 of the same year. In 1951, Kling passed the car on to Hans Klenk, who the following year also had a normal racing car body (with free-standing wheels) made for slow and maneuverable courses. In this variant, Hans Herrmann started on August 2, 1953, at the German Grand Prix on the Nürburgring. Another streamlined body was made by Veritas at the Nürburgring for Paul Pietsch's Meteor. In contrast to the Hebmüller body, this had a closed cockpit and could be fitted over the existing racing car body if required. Pietsch wanted to start with it at the Avus race in 1952, but had a serious accident during practice, in which the car was severely damaged.
The Veritas Meteor did not achieve great success, probably due to the tense situation of the company since its founding.
Formula One and Sports Car racing history
Swiss driver Peter Hirt was entered for the Swiss Grand Prix in 1951 with a Veritas Meteor. Veritas is therefore generally regarded as the first German automobile brand to take part in a Formula 1 race. However, the vehicle was a car with a 2-liter engine corresponding to the Formula 2 of the time, which the organizers and two English Formula 2 HWM had approved. The Veritas was unable to start the race because Hirt had to give up at the start due to a defective fuel pump.
The Veritas cars were also used in the Drivers' World Championship at the German Grand Prix and the Belgian Grand Prix in 1952 and 1953, with Fritz Riess achieving the best result at the 1952 German Grand Prix with seventh place in their Veritas RS.
In 1950 the house was again forced to change headquarters: Ernst Loof, who remained alone at the top of the company, moved Veritas near the Nürburgring, where they took care of the construction of cars for the Formula One championships: the Meteor and the already produced RS. The Meteor was therefore deployed in some races of the Formula One championships of 1951, 1952, and 1953. In 1954 the German driver Hans Klenk competed for a modified version of the Meteor (The Klenk Meteor) in the German Grand Prix driven by driver Theo Helfrich, then retired on the 9th lap. In total, however, the results were poor and forced the German house to cease production in 1953 and definitively close.
A total of 71 class victories were achieved in circuit and mountain races in Germany (Allied Occupation Zones, Federal Republic of Germany, GDR, and Saarland ). There were also numerous other class victories at smaller events in Switzerland, Austria, Belgium, Sweden, France, the Netherlands, Great Britain, Italy, Yugoslavia, and Denmark. The last models remained in racing use until the 1960s.
Ernst Loof also took part in the 1953 Monte Carlo Rally on a Veritas Nürburgring with co-driver Josef Cremer. In 1954 – now already employed by BMW – they competed again with a BMW 501 and Hans Wencher as a passenger.
The racing driver Émile Cornet, who had also competed in Veritas cars during the course of the season, became Belgian champion in 1950.
Between 1948 and 1953, a total of 13 German championship titles were won with Veritas racing and sports cars.
References
Sports racing cars
Formula One cars
Formula Two cars
Cars of Germany
1950s cars
1951 Formula One season cars
1952 Formula One season cars
1953 Formula One season cars
1954 Formula One season cars
Arkansas Highway 10 is an east–west state highway in West Arkansas. The route runs from Oklahoma State Highway 120 near Hackett east to Interstate 30 in Little Rock, the state's capitol. The highway serves both the Fort Smith metropolitan area and the Little Rock – North Little Rock – Conway metropolitan area.
Aside from Little Rock in Pulaski County, the highway also passes through county seats in four other Arkansas counties — Greenwood, Sebastian County; Booneville, Logan County; Danville, Yell County; and Perryville, Perry County. Mount Magazine, Arkansas's highest point, lies just to the north of the highway, as does the adjoining Mount Magazine State Park. Arkansas 10 also passes through a portion of the Ozark National Forest and parallel to the Petit Jean River, Petit Jean Wildlife Management Area and Lake Maumelle — a chief source of water for residents in the Little Rock metropolitan area.
Route description
The route begins at Oklahoma State Highway 120 and runs east to Hackett. AR 10 intersects AR 45 in Hackett, and continues east to Greenwood. AR 10 passes through downtown Greenwood, passing the lone AR 10 spur route and the Old Sebastian County Jail, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The highway leaves town and passes Fort Chaffee on its way to Logan County. In Booneville, the route intersects the scenic AR 23 near the Bank of Booneville Building and Farmers and Merchants Bank-Masonic Lodge. AR 10 also passes the Booneville Municipal Airport before entering Magazine. The highway passes by the historic Magazine City Hall-Jail and intersects AR 109 in Magazine before entering Yell County.
AR 10 begins to cover mountainous terrain, passing Havana, Belleville, and the Danville Municipal Airport. Highway 10 intersects Arkansas Highway 27 in Danville and AR7/AR 28 in Ola. In Perry County, AR 10 continues through mountainous terrain and small towns Cass and Adona before forming a southerly concurrency with Arkansas Highway 9. AR 9/AR 10 run together pass Lake Harris Brake on to Perryville, past the Perry County Courthouse and south to Williams Junction, where AR 10 turns east to Little Rock.
Arkansas Highway 10 enters Pulaski County, passing Lake Maumelle and Pinnacle Mountain State Park before entering the city, becoming Cantrell Road. The far western portions of Cantrell Road in recent years have been the site for increased commercial development in Little Rock, including the controversial 2004 opening of a Wal-Mart Supercenter near upscale residential communities immediately south of the highway in Chenal Valley. In the portion between Interstate 430 in the west and downtown in the east, Arkansas 10/Cantrell Road (as classified by the regional governmental council, Metroplan) is a primary traffic artery for northern Little Rock, including the upper part of the Pulaski Heights section of the city, and is one of the most traveled thoroughfares aside from the Interstates in Little Rock. Cantrell Road runs with neighborhoods to the south and parks to the north, passing Arkansas Baptist High School.
The highway intersects Interstate 430 at a Parclo interchange and runs deeper into downtown Little Rock, passing numerous houses on the National Register of Historic Places. Cantrell Road continues past the Jackson Reservoir near the Cammack Village area, crossing University Avenue. AR 10 proceeds east past the Arkansas State Capitol along the Arkansas River and underneath Broadway Street (US 70), becoming LaHarpe Boulevard in downtown. The route uses one block of Cumberland Street, then continues as an extended on-ramp to I-30 near The Tavern and William J. Clinton Presidential Library, where it ends.
Greenwood spur
Highway 10 Spur is a spur route of in Sebastian County. Its western terminus is at U.S. Route 71, just west of Greenwood, while its eastern terminus is at Arkansas Highway 10 near downtown Greenwood. Until the mid-1960s, this road was part of the original alignment of U.S. 71.
History
AR 10 was one of the original 1926 Arkansas State Highways, and remains very close to that routing today. The highway roughly parallels US 64 and Interstate 40 for its entire length, both approximately to AR 10's north until their convergence in Little Rock. Even in 1926, however, US 64 was constructed to higher standards than AR 10, making US 64 always the more feasible route for travelers from Fort Smith to the state capitol. AR 10 remains the "scenic path" from Fort Smith, passing through the Ouachita Mountains at a slower pace than the bustling four-lane limited-access highway.
Major intersections
Mile markers reset at concurrencies.
See also
References
External links
010
Transportation in Logan County, Arkansas
Transportation in Perry County, Arkansas
Transportation in Pulaski County, Arkansas
Transportation in Sebastian County, Arkansas
Transportation in Yell County, Arkansas
Barbara Penner (born 1970) is an architectural historian and Professor of Architectural Humanities at the Bartlett School of Architecture, University College London.  They are a specialist in the history of small spaces, specifically the bathroom and toilet, and has written on the institution of the honeymoon in 19th century North America.
Penner received their BA in English literature and history of art from McGill University in 1994, their Master of Science in architectural history from University College London in 1996, and their PhD from Birkbeck College in 2003.
Barbara has received a variety of fellowships and awards, including from The Leverhulme Trust, The Clark Art Institute, Cornell University, the Winterthur Museum and the Gilder-Lehrman Institute for American History. They have recently concluded a major Humanities in the European Research Area Joint Research Programme grant, Printing the Past: Architecture, Print Culture, and Uses of the Past in Modern Europe, led by the Oslo School of Architecture and Design, with partners from digital media lab Factum Arte, Ghent University, Leiden University, Musée d'Orsay, and the Victoria & Albert Museum.
Selected publications
Gender space architecture: An interdisciplinary introduction. Routledge, London, 1999. (Edited with Iain Borden and Jane Rendell)
Ladies and gents: Public toilets and gender. Temple University Press, 2009. (Edited with Olga Gershenson)
Newlyweds on tour: Honeymooning in nineteenth-century America. University Press of New England, Lebanon, 2009.
Bathroom. Reaktion Books, 2013. (RIBA President's Award for Outstanding University-Located Research, 2014)
References
External links
https://placesjournal.org/author/barbara-penner/
http://www.architectural-review.com/archive/viewpoints-barbara-penner/8650018.fullarticle
1970 births
Living people
Academics of University College London
Bathrooms
Architectural historians
Alumni of Birkbeck, University of London
McGill University alumni
Alumni of University College London
Augusto Premoli or Luis Máximo Premoli (29 November 1925 – 16 November 2018) was an Argentine modern pentathlete. They competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1925 births
2018 deaths
Argentine male modern pentathletes
Olympic modern pentathletes of Argentina
Modern pentathletes at the 1948 Summer Olympics
20th-century Argentine people
21st-century Argentine people
Francisco Joaquín Pérez Rufete (born 20 November 1976) is a Spanish former footballer, and a manager. They played predominantly as a right winger with good dribbling ability, also being a player with a good workrate.
During their professional career they played with seven clubs, including Barcelona (one game) and Valencia (two La Liga titles).
Over 12 seasons, Rufete amassed Spanish top division totals of 269 matches and 23 goals.
Playing career
Club
Born in Benejúzar, Province of Alicante, Valencian Community, Rufete was a product of FC Barcelona's youth system. They appeared once for the first team, in 1995–96's final round, a 2–2 away draw against Deportivo de La Coruña on 26 May 1996, and their first full professional season came in 1997–98, with Segunda División club CD Toledo.
After having started the 1998–99 campaign with RCD Mallorca (no appearances), they moved in January 1999 to Málaga CF, being instrumental, alongside Catanha and José María Movilla, in the side's promotion to La Liga (Málaga was in Segunda División B in the previous season).
After two exceptional individual seasons, Rufete moved to Valencia CF. Although not an undisputed starter after their first year, they contributed with good overall performances and, on 14 March 2004, they scored twice at RC Celta de Vigo (2–0) as the Che went on to win another domestic title.
After Quique Sánchez Flores arrived at Valencia from Getafe CF, Rufete was released and joined RCD Espanyol on a free transfer in July 2006. They were constantly hampered by injuries during the 2007–08 campaign, after having appeared in 11 UEFA Cup matches during the Catalans' run to the final in 2007.
In mid-July 2009, Rufete was released by Espanyol, moving close to home with Hércules CF in a two-year deal. In their first season, aged 32/33, the veteran contributed with nearly 2,000 minutes as the Alicante team returned to the top division after an absence of 13 years.
International
Rufete received three caps with the Spain national team in 2000, the first being in a 2–0 friendly win over Italy on 29 March in Barcelona. They came on as a substitute for Joseba Etxeberria at the hour-mark.
Coaching career
Rufete was released by Hércules in late 2011 after the club decided not to renew their contract, and retired from football shortly after. Two years later they returned to Valencia after being appointed youth coordinator, but switched to director of football after a few months.
On 18 April 2018, Rufete was given their first managerial position at UD Ibiza of the Tercera División. Their team missed out on promotion with a penalty shootout defeat to Atlético Levante UD in the play-off final on 24 June.
Rufete returned to Espanyol as sporting director, and became their interim manager on 27 June 2020 when Abelardo Fernández was sacked from the last-placed club with six games to go. The next day, in their first professional game in charge, their side lost by a single goal at home to Real Madrid; they oversaw their first fall from the top flight since 1993.
Personal life
Rufete's son, Fran Pérez, is also a professional footballer.
Managerial statistics
Honours
Club
Valencia
La Liga: 2001–02, 2003–04
UEFA Cup: 2003–04
UEFA Super Cup: 2004
Espanyol
UEFA Cup runner-up: 2006–07
International
Spain U18
UEFA European Under-18 Championship: 1995
References
External links
CiberChe stats and bio
Spain stats at Eu-Football
1976 births
Living people
People from Vega Baja del Segura
Sportspeople from the Province of Alicante
Spanish footballers
Footballers from the Valencian Community
Association football wingers
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
FC Barcelona C players
FC Barcelona Atlètic players
FC Barcelona players
CD Toledo players
RCD Mallorca players
Málaga CF players
Valencia CF players
UEFA Cup winning players
RCD Espanyol footballers
Hércules CF players
Spain youth international footballers
Spain international footballers
Spanish football managers
La Liga managers
Tercera División managers
UD Ibiza managers
RCD Espanyol managers
Etcetc Music is an independent record label based in Sydney, Australia. It is the label of alternative and electronic bands and artists Pnau, George Maple, Kilter, Paces, San Mei, Luke A Million, CLYPSO, Luboku, and the Australian releases of Jax Jones, Fisher, Duke Dumont and Fever Ray.
Since June 2013 etcetc has been headed up by former Ministry of Sound A&R and Compilations Manager Aden Mullens, who in October 2018 moved into a General Manager position. With a strong foundation in A&R and marketing, Mullens is actively involved in the signing and development of artists and their individual recording careers.
During their tenure, etcetc have received 10 ARIA Music Awards nominations including Album of the Year, Song of the Year, Best Independent Release, and Best Video. Etcetc won Best Dance Release in successive years with Pnau for 'Chameleon' in 2017 and ‘Go Bang' in 2018.
In February 2018, etcetc was awarded Indie Label of the Year at The Music Network's 'Tinnie' Awards. TMN 'Tinnies' celebrate the crushing success of executives and artists inside Australia's music business. Mullens was also nomination for Label A&R of the Year, the only independent record label A&R nominated in the category.
etcetc has been distributed by The Orchard since 2019.
History
Founded as a company in August 2008 by Andrew Jackson, Tim McGee and Richard Mergler, etcetc was originally launched in March 2007 as a trading name within the Ministry of Sound Australia business to focus on artist album projects, before becoming fully independent.
In 2004 when Jackson was A&R / Recordings Manager for Ministry of Sound Australia, they signed Mylo's Destroy Rock & Roll to the label. Released through EMI Australia, who Ministry were distributed by at the time, the album went on to achieve Gold status in Australia (currently awaiting ARIA certification). Later licenses included The Knife's Deep Cuts and follow-up Silent Shout (named the #1 Album of the Year in 2006 by alternative media site Pitchfork Media), WhoMadeWho's self-titled debut, and Jenny Wilson's Love & Youth.
In March 2007, Jackson and McGee decided to create a dedicated brand for album projects, named etcetc. The first release under the new brand was Digitalism's Idealism, in partnership with Virgin Music to whom the band were signed worldwide.
In December 2007, Ministry of Sound Australia and etcetc changed distribution partners from EMI Australia to Universal Music Australia.
In February 2008, etcetc signed Melbourne band Mission Control and released their debut EP soon after. The EP also converted Australian youth broadcast network Triple J as fans; as a result Mission Control earned a feature as a Next Crop artist for 2009. The accompanying film clip (for the title track) was directed by the production house Krozm. Mission Control are currently working on recording demos for their debut album for release in 2010.
In October 2008, etcetc signed Sydney band Lost Valentinos to the label and started promotion on their debut album Cities Of Gold, produced over the previous two years in collaboration with producer Ewan Pearson. The first single was The Bismarck in December, released on tastemaker label Bang Gang 12 Inches, and then Serio in February 2009, featuring a video directed by video director Dave Ma. The single Midnights followed as a one-off release on Leo Silverman's boutique label Dummy, featuring remixes from Fan Death and Emperor Machine, and supported by select European performances received acclaim from NME, The Guardian, and plays from BBC Radio One's Zane Lowe.
Artists
Airwolf
Aunty Donna
Bearcubs [ANZ only]
BRUX
Chez Moon
CLYPSO
Digitalism (band) [ANZ only]
Donatachi
DOOLIE
George Maple
Fever Ray [ANZ only]
Favored Nations
Fisher [ANZ only]
Flamingo
George Michelle
Godwolf
Jax Jones [ANZ only]
JNTHN STEIN
Kilter
Klue
Luboku
Luke A Million
Lost Valentinos
Paces
Palais
PNAU
POOLCLVB
San Mei
Set Mo
Sumner (band)
References
External links
www.etcetc.tv
Australian independent record labels
Mark Adams may refer to:
Mark Adams (artist) (1925–2006), American artist
Mark Adams (photographer) (born 1949), New Zealand photographer
Mark Adams (designer) (born 1961), English car designer
Mark Adams (musician), funk band Slave bassist
Mark Adams (basketball, born May 1956), college basketball coach, current head coach of Texas Tech
Mark Adams (basketball, born June 1956), college basketball analyst and former head coach of Central Connecticut
See also
Marcus Adams (disambiguation)
Adams (surname)
The Wenzi () is a Daoist classic allegedly written by a disciple of Laozi. The text was widely read and highly revered in the centuries following its creation, and even canonized as Tongxuan zhenjing () in the year 742 CE. However, soon afterwards scholars started questioning its authenticity and dismissing it as a forgery that was created between the Han dynasty and the Tang dynasty. The text's fate changed in 1973, when archeologists excavated a 55 BCE tomb and discovered remnants of a Wenzi copied on bamboo strips, which offer us a glimpse of what the text looked like prior to its drastic revision into the textus receptus.
Author
The title Wenzi 文子 "Master Wen", suffixed with -zi 子 "child; person; master (title of respect)", is analogous with other Hundred Schools of Thought texts like Mozi, Zhuangzi, Guiguzi, and Baopuzi. Wen 文 "written character; literature; refinement; culture" is an infrequent Chinese surname, and hence Wenzi is interpretable as "Master Wen." Wen is also frequently used in given names, posthumous names, et cetera, due to its positive connotations. For example, King Wen of Zhou 周文王 or Kong Wenzi 孔文子 (Analects 5.15). Hence, Wenzi is also interpretable as a nom de plume denoting "Master of Literature/Culture." Nothing can be said for certain about Wenzi, no matter how this name is interpreted. Although we do not know their true identity, various hypotheses have been proposed.
The bibliographical section of the 1st century CE Book of Han says Wenzi was a student of Laozi, a contemporary of Confucius 孔子 (551-479 BCE), and an adviser to King Ping of Zhou 周平王 (r. 770-720 BCE). This cannot be true, as King Ping and Confucius lived two centuries apart, and it fueled suspicion of the text's forged status in later centuries. To solve the chronological inconsistency, some commentators suggest a mistake for King Ping of Chu 楚平王 (r. 528-516 BCE), whose reign does coincide with Confucius' lifetime.
The early Wenzi commentary by Li Xian 李暹 (fl. 516 CE) records that Wenzi's surname was Xin 辛 and their sobriquet (hao 號) was Jiran 計然, they served under Fan Li 范蠡 (fl. 517 BCE), and studied with Laozi.
The later Wenzi commentary by Du Daojian (1237-1318) furthermore notes Wenzi was a nobleman from the Spring and Autumn period state of Jin, their surname was Xin 辛 and courtesy name (zi 字) was Xing 銒. They were also called Song Xing 宋銒 referring to their home of Kuiqiu 葵丘, which was in Song (state).
Received Text
Written references to the Wenzi first appear in the Han dynasty. The no longer extant 1st century BCE Qilue 七略 "Seven Summaries" by Liu Xiang and Liu Xin said the Wenzi had 9 pians 篇 "chapters". The bibliographical section of the 1st century CE Book of Han records the Wenzi text in 9 juan 卷 "rolls; volumes", says Wenzi was a student of Laozi, a contemporary of Confucius (551-479 BCE), and adviser to King Ping of Zhou (r. 770-720 BCE), but adds "the work appears to be a forgery", presumably because King Ping and Confucius lived two centuries apart.
In their ca. 523 CE Qilu 七录錄 "Seven Records", the Liang dynasty scholar Ruan Xiaoxu 阮孝绪 records the Wenzi text in 10 volumes. Bibliographies in the 636 CE Book of Sui and the 945 CE New Book of Tang both record 12 volumes.
In 742 CE, Emperor Xuanzong of Tang canonized the Wenzi as a Daoist scripture (along with the Daode jing, Zhuangzi, and Liezi) honorifically called the Tongxuan zhenjing 通玄真經 "True Scripture of Understanding the Mysteries". The emperor posthumously styled Wenzi as the Tongxuan Zhenren 通玄真人 "True Man Who Understands the Mysteries".
The Daozang "Daoist Canon" includes three Wenzi redactions under the Yujue 玉訣 "Commentaries" subsection of the Dongshen 洞神 "Spirit Grotto" section. The oldest extant edition is the Tongxuan zhenjing zhu 通玄真經注 "Commentary on the Authentic Scripture of Pervading Mystery" by Xu Lingfu 徐灵府 (ca. 760–841) of the Tang dynasty. The Tongxuan zhenjing zhengyi zhu 通玄真經正儀注 "Commentary on the Correct Meaning of the Authentic Scripture of Pervading Mystery" is by Zhu Bian (ca. 1085–1144) of the Song dynasty. Third is the 1310 CE Tongxuan zhenjing zuanyi 通玄真經纘義 "Collected Explanations to the Authentic Scripture of Pervading Mystery" by Du Daojian 杜道坚 (1237–1318) of the Yuan dynasty. Judith M. Boltz cites the opinion of Siku Quanshu bibliographers that Du's version was the most reliable Wenzi redaction. They note that Du Daojian became the rightful literary heir to Wenzi when they discovered a copy of the classic at the Tongxuan Guan 通玄觀 "Abbey of Pervading Mystery" of Mount Jizhou 計籌 in Zhejiang, where hagiographic legend says Wenzi took refuge and wrote down their teachings.
Content
Although the Wenzi has traditionally been considered a Daoist text illustrating Laozi's thinking, it contains elements from Confucianism, Mohism, Legalism, and School of Names. The textual format records Laozi answering Wenzi's questions about Daode jing concepts like Wu wei. Besides citing passages from Daoist classics like Zhuangzi and Huainanzi, the Wenzi also cites others like the Yijing, Mengzi, Lüshi Chunqiu, and Xiao Jing. Regarding the received Wenzi text, Yoshinobu Sakade concludes:
While these references make the Wenzi appear as a source of ancient thought, in the form we know it today it is a forgery, with about eighty percent of the text quoted from the Huainan zi, and the rest consisting of an amplification of the Daode jing or quotations from other texts. The present version contains expression similar to those found in the Taoist scriptures … These elements suffice to show that the extant Wenzi was written between the third and eight centuries, before the time of Xu Lingfu.
Excavated text
In 1973, Chinese archeologists excavated a Han dynasty tomb near Dingzhou 定州 (or Dingxian 定縣) in Hebei. Its occupant is identified as King Huai 懷王 of Zhongshan, who died in 55 BCE. Tomb furnishings included a precious Jade burial suit, jade ornaments, writing tools, and remnants of eight Chinese classic texts, including the Wenzi and Confucian Analects copied on hundreds of bamboo slips (jian 簡). These bamboo manuscripts were fragmented, disordered, and blackened by fire, perhaps accidentally caused by tomb robbers.
The specialized project of deciphering and transcribing this ancient Wenzi copy was delayed owing to a 1976 earthquake at Tangshan that further damaged the Dingzhou bamboo slips. The team published their first report in 1981 and their Wenzi transcription in 1995 (both in the archeological journal Wenwu 文物 "Cultural Relics").
Ongoing sinological studies of the so-called Dingzhou Wenzi are providing both specific details of the presumed urtext edition and general insights in the early history of Daoist texts. Portions of the Dingzhou Wenzi are basically consistent with certain section in chapter 5 of the received text. Consensus is building that this excavated Wenzi dates from the 2nd century BCE, while the transmitted text was created after the 2nd century CE.
The question-and-answer format is a significant difference between the bamboo and received Wenzi versions. Ames and Rosemont explain:
Consistent with the court bibliography in the History of the Han, the Dingzhou Wenzi has Wenzi as teacher who is being asked questions by a King Ping of the Zhou 周平王. The received text, on the other hand, has the teacher Laozi 老子 being asked questions by the student Wenzi, certainly less appropriate given that texts are usually named for the teacher rather than the student.
Translations
Compared with the numerous English translations of familiar Daoist texts like the Daode jing and Zhuangzi, the presumably apocryphal Wenzi has been disregarded. Thomas Cleary wrote a popularized translation of the transmitted Wenzi, which they attribute to Laozi.
There is no authoritative English Wenzi translation based on the groundbreaking Dingzhou readings, nothing comparable with the Analects translation by Ames and Rosemont. English translations of select Dingzhou Wenzi bamboo strips can be found in the monograph by Paul van Els.
See also
Daodejing
Zhuangzi
Liezi
Four Books
References
Footnotes
Further reading
Peerenboom, Randal P. 1995. Law and Morality in Ancient China: the Silk Manuscripts of Huang-Lao. State University New York (SUNY) Press.
External links
The Perfect Book of Pervasive Mystery, Taoist Culture and Information Centre
Chinese philosophy
Philosophy books
Taoist texts
Conceição is a municipality (município) in the state of Paraíba in Brazil. The population is 19,007 (2020 est.) in an area of 579 km². It is part of the microregion of Itaporanga.
References
Municipalities in Paraíba
Kenji Koyano (小谷野 顕治, born June 22, 1988) is a Japanese football player. They play for Mito HollyHock.
Club career statistics
Updated to 23 February 2016.
References
External links
Albirex Niigata
1988 births
Living people
Association football people from Ibaraki Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
J3 League players
Kashima Antlers players
Albirex Niigata players
Mito HollyHock players
Gainare Tottori players
Association football midfielders
Young Abe Lincoln, is a 1962 public artwork by American artist David K. Rubins, located outside of the government center near the Indiana State House, in Indianapolis, Indiana, US. This bronze sculpture is a depiction of a young Abraham Lincoln, an Abraham Lincoln that spent the majority of their formative years in Indiana.
Description
Young Abe Lincoln is an oversized, rough style bronze sculpture of an adolescent Abraham Lincoln. They wear a shirt, pants raised above the ankle and is barefoot. Their left hand holds a book with the index finger holding their place. The sculpture sits outside of the Indiana Government Center in Indianapolis, which is adjacent to the Indiana Statehouse. The sculpture measures 108 inches in height by 30 inches in width by 38 1/2 in depth and sits upon a red granite tripartite pedestal that measures 74 inches in height by 82 inches in width by 92 inches in depth. It weighs over 1,500 pounds. A foundry mark can be seen on the front of the pedestal MODERN/ART/FDRY/N.Y. The artist signature (D.K. Rubins) and copyright date (1962) can be seen on the rear, proper right side base of the sculpture.
Based on a forty six inch plaster mold, a three-dimensional pantograph was used to create a rough, hollow framework of the full-size model of the sculpture from wood. The surface layer of this framework was coated with a layer of oil-base non-hardening clay called plastelene and then the detail work of the sculpture was done by hand.
A plaster mold was placed over the finished clay framework and allowed to dry. The mold was then removed, creating a positive plaster cast of the framework. This cast is a replica of the clay covered framework.
The lost-wax casting method was then used to create the actual bronze sculpture. This process took over five months to complete.
In 1992, Save Outdoor Sculpture! surveyed this piece and found it to be well maintained.
Historical information
This sculpture was created as a commissioned piece for winning a competition to decorate the Indiana State Office Building, The Indiana Employment Security Building, or the Adjacent Plaza in Indianapolis, Indiana. As part of the competition, which was conducted in 1959, the artist was free to choose their own subject matter, location, size of work and whatever material deemed necessary. There were the following suggestions however:
Lincoln was an appropriate theme for the Indiana Government area because Indiana was where they had spent a lot of their youth and where they later visited.
The Seal of the State be used somewhere and that Indiana be recognizable in the piece.
A possible location be the square area extending into the northeast corner of the reflecting pool.
The interior of the entrance lobby of the State Office Building is also another option for placement of an appropriate relief of free-standing sculpture.
The piece should have a contemporary feel to it, suitable to the times and architecture of the two buildings.
As part of the competition each artist was to deliver a small scale plaster model or sketch of their work and letter of explanation to the Indiana State Office Building Commission located on the third floor of the building located at 309 West Washington Street, Indianapolis, Indiana by no later than Tuesday, December 1, 1959. Below is a list of artists that an invitation was sent to:
Anthony Lauck, University of Notre Dame
Ivan Meštrović, University of Notre Dame
Robert Laurent, Indiana University, Department of Fine Arts
Harry Engel, Indiana University, Department of Fine Arts
Rudy Pozzatti, Indiana University, Department of Fine Arts
Garo Antreasian, John Herron Art Institute
David Rubins, John Herron Art Institute
Donald Mattison, John Herron Art Institute
Robert Weaver
James Snodgrass, Contemporary Art Workshop
Will Lamm
Harold Elgar
Richard Peeler
Adolph Wolter
Walter Lohman
Warner Williams, Culver Military Academy
Henrik Wueberkrop
The pieces were judged by a jury, chosen by the State Office Building Commission, composed of Wilbur D. Peat (Director of the John Herron Art Museum), Henry Hope (Chairman of the Art Department at Indiana University), A. Reid Winsey (Chairman of the Art Department of DePauw University), representatives of the architectural firms who designed the office building (Graham, Anderson, Probst & White and Raymond S. Kastendieck & Associates), and representatives of Associated Indiana Architects and architects for the Employment Security Building. The chosen pieces were given a $500 retainer to present a larger finished model for a second judging.
David K. Rubins submitted a 12-inch high model in sculptor's parlance originally and then created a forty six inch plaster model which was selected by the jury as the official sculpture winner. Rubins was then given $32,700 and two years to create the actual statue.
On September 26, 1963, Rubins' Young Abe was dedicated to great enthusiasm.
Garo Z. Antreasian was selected as the official mural winner.
Controversy
The creation of this sculpture was postponed several times due to controversy dealing with funding for this piece and because there were arguments of foul play when the winners of the competition were finally chosen.
Many citizens of Indianapolis were upset because their tax money was being used to commission this piece. Many thought the money allocated for this artwork could be used for other things, such as helping the mentally handicapped. It was thought that there were already enough memorials commemorating Lincoln in the state of Indiana. $100,000 was allocated for the creation of both the sculpture and the mural in the construction budget of the building. Wilbur D. Peat, Director of the Herron Art Museum in 1960, thought:
Will Lamm, an entrant in the competition, claimed that the judging committee accepted entrants after the official deadline of December 7, 1959 had passed. They also claimed that at least one member of the committee telephoned the artist, David K. Rubins, after the deadline urging them to submit an entry. Rubins did not submit their entry until December 8, 1959 when the committee meeting to decide the winners was held. It was also added by Lamm that three of the seven judges on the committee were absent when the winners were chosen and the original sculpture idea turned in by Rubins was not created in plaster, as stated in the invitation letter to the artists.
Lamm was told by a committee member that their idea might have won had they not accepted the late entry. Many people, including Wilbur D. Peat, Director of the John Herron Art Museum and chairperson of the selection committee, brushed Lamm's accusations off as them being a sore loser.
John A. Whitehead, Director of the State Office Building Commission, rejected the notion that late entries were accepted. They stated that several of the artists were contacted on the day of judging to determine whether their expected entries would be turned in. Some artists had asked for extensions. They also said it didn't make a difference whether the sculptures were entered in plaster or of another material.
It was also controversial that throughout the judging process photography of the potential artworks were banned.
Lamm's entry was a sculpture portraying Lincoln's departure from their family to going off on their own. It included a group of seven figures.
Indiana Governor Matthew E. Welsh recommended that new State Office Building Commission urge the Virginia Engineering Co., the building's general contractor, to send Rubin a letter postponing the creation of the sculpture. Welsh was an advocate of the art finances being used for the state's program for mentally handicapped. Rubin answered this letter by stating their continuation of the project and that they were going to go ahead and draw up a contract with the architects. They already had a signed contract from the Virginia Engineering Co. after the former commission approved the expenditures for the statue and mural at $68,000.
Location history
There were several suggestions for the location of this statue on or around the Indiana Statehouse grounds. The Orchard Area, the upper terrace outside the lobby and the center line of the walkway which extends south towards the Indiana Employment Security Building were some suggestions.
Created to reside in the state office building plaza, the sculpture was originally located about half a block east of its present location, facing Senate Avenue. It was moved outside of the Government Center off of West Street and Robert D. Orr Ave in 1992.
Artist
David K. Rubins, a native of Minneapolis, studied at the Beaux Arts Institute of Design in New York and the Académie Julian and the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris. Rubins worked closely with James Earle Fraser, designer of the Buffalo nickel and End of the Trail, for seven years in New York. Their awards include the Paris Prize in Sculpture (1924), the Prix de Rome (1928), Fellow in Sculpture Award from the American Academy in Rome and the Grant and Sculpture Award from the National Institute of Arts and Letters.
Rubins moved to Indianapolis, Indiana in 1935 to join the faculty at the John Herron Art Institute where they taught until 1967 and then an additional three years after the Herron Art Institute merged with Indiana University. They held the chairpersonship of the sculpture department from 1935 to 1968. In 1970, Rubins retired and became an artist-in-residence at Herron. In 1954, Rubins book, The Human Figure, an Anatomy for Artists, was published. Other Indianapolis works of art Rubins is known for is the bust of late Indiana Governor Henry Schricker, the Eli Lilly monument in Crown Hill Cemetery, and a bust of Evans Wollens Sr.
Rubins' work has been exhibited at the Minneapolis Institute of Art, National Academy of Design, Indianapolis Museum of Art, Architectural League of New York, and the "American Sculpture Today" show at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.
Rubins' inspiration for Young Abe Lincoln came after reading several books on Lincoln and their life, as well as looking at other sculptures of Lincoln. Some of these others sculptures included the Abraham Lincoln statue at the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C., the Mount Rushmore depiction by Gutzon Borglum, and the Lincoln sculpture by Henry Hering in Indianapolis' University Park.
See also
Henry F. Schricker Bust
Here I Grew Up
James Earle Fraser
Lincoln Memorial
Mount Rushmore
Gutzon Borglum
Henry Hering
References
External links
View more photos of this piece and other artwork found at the Indiana Statehouse on Flickr
Save Outdoor Sculpture! and SIRIS Database
Indiana Statehouse Tour Office
The National Park Service: Indiana Statehouse
1962 sculptures
Bronze sculptures in Indiana
Monuments and memorials in Indiana
Outdoor sculptures in Indianapolis
Indiana Statehouse Public Art Collection
Statues of Abraham Lincoln
Statues in Indianapolis
1962 establishments in Indiana
Sculptures of men in Indiana
Monuments and memorials to Abraham Lincoln in the United States
William Pye may refer to:
William S. Pye (1880–1959), US Navy admiral
William George Pye (1869–1949), English business person
William Pye (priest) (died 1557), English priest
William Pye (sculptor) (born 1938), British sculptor
See also
William Pye Baddeley
Technic or Technics may refer to:
Technics (brand), a brand name of the Panasonic Corporation
Technics (law), a legal concept
Engineering
Lego Technic, toy
An anglicization (with subtle variation) of the Ancient Greek term techne, used primarily in media theory
See also
Technical (disambiguation)
Technology
Smyrna is an unincorporated community in Cass County, Texas, United States, about from Atlanta on Highway 77. It was established in 1880. Smyrna had a population of 215 as of 2000.
References
Unincorporated communities in Cass County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
The Right Honourable John G. Diefenbaker Centre for the Study of Canada, popularly known as the Diefenbaker Canada Centre, is a prime ministerial museum and archives located in Saskatoon, honouring Canada's 13th prime minister, the Rt. Hon. John G. Diefenbaker.
Upon their election as chancellor of the University of Saskatchewan in 1969, Diefenbaker approached the university with an offer to donate their estate to the institution, on the condition that a museum and archives be built to house and display their items. Diefenbaker's inspiration in this regard was the Harry S. Truman Presidential Library and Museum in Independence, Missouri, which they had previously visited.
The university accepted Diefenbaker's donation. Construction began on the centre, which opened on June 12, 1980.
The centre's museum contains a permanent display on the life and career of Diefenbaker, highlighted by replica rooms of the Prime Minister's Office and Privy Council Chambers, as they existed on Parliament Hill during their governments from 1957 to 1963.
A portion of the museum is set aside for traveling exhibits related to their career interests. In 1997, one of these exhibitions was the site of a theft when items were stolen from an exhibition of French jewelry.
The Diefenbaker Canada Centre archives contains Diefenbaker's personal and professional papers, photographs, and audio-visual material, including their prime ministerial papers. The papers of Diefenbaker, and those of R.B. Bennett, are the only prime ministerial papers not housed at Library and Archives Canada.
References
External links
University of Saskatchewan
Museums in Saskatoon
University museums in Canada
History museums in Saskatchewan
Biographical museums in Canada
John Diefenbaker
1980 establishments in Saskatchewan
Museums established in 1980
GNOME Activity Journal is a semantic desktop browser-like application for the GNOME desktop environment. Instead of providing direct access to the hierarchical file system like most file managers, GNOME Activity Journal uses the Zeitgeist framework to classify files according to metadata. This includes time and date of previous accesses, location of use (using GPS positioning), file type, tagging and more. In addition to local files, GNOME Activity Journal also organizes web browsing history, email and other data sources.
GNOME Activity Journal was ported to GTK3 and Python3 in version 1.0.0. It is available as part of Debian, Fedora, Arch Linux (AUR) and Ubuntu.
History
GNOME Activity Journal's inclusion in GNOME 3.0 was initially rejected with the provided reason being that it did not integrate well in the whole desktop and looked more like a standalone application, but that decision was revisited at the GNOME Boston Summit and integration with GNOME is once again planned.
Ubuntu shipped Zeitgeist as a standard part of their new desktop environment, Unity, in Ubuntu 11.04. Gnome Activity Journal is not shipped by default, but the Unity Dash makes use of Zeitgeist.
Screenshots
See also
Zeitgeist (software)
References
External links
Gnome Activity Journal on GNOME wiki
Applications using D-Bus
Free multilingual software
GNU Project software
File managers
Free software programmed in Python
GNOME Applications
Office software that uses GTK
Software that uses GStreamer
Ridgeway Glacier () is a short glacier in the east part of Mountaineer Range, draining southeast between Spatulate Ridge and Gauntlet Ridge into Lady Newnes Bay, Victoria Land. Named by New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee (NZ-APC) in 1966 for Norman Ridgeway, senior scientist at Hallett Station, 1963–64.
Glaciers of Victoria Land
Borchgrevink Coast
Malarani is a Rural municipality located within the Arghakhanchi District of the Lumbini Province of Nepal.
The rural municipality spans of area, with a total population of 28,044 according to a 2011 Nepal census.
On March 10, 2017, the Government of Nepal restructured the local level bodies into 753 new local level structures.
The previous Khan, Khandaha, Bangi, Hansapur, Gorkhunga, Arghatos (half portion), and Mareng VDCs were merged to form Malarani Rural Municipality.
Malarani is divided into 9 wards, with Khandaha declared the administrative center of the rural municipality.
References
External links
official website of the rural municipality
Rural municipalities in Arghakhanchi District
Rural municipalities of Nepal established in 2017
Mount Rivett () is a bare rock mountain, the northeasternmost feature of the Gustav Bull Mountains in Mac. Robertson Land, Antarctica. On February 13, 1931, the British Australian New Zealand Antarctic Research Expedition (BANZARE) (1929–31) under Douglas Mawson made a landing on nearby Scullin Monolith. They named this mountain after Sir David Rivett, Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Australian Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, 1927–45.
See also
Lawson Aiguilles, a line of sharp peaks in the south part of Mount Rivett
Mountains of Mac. Robertson Land
Alfred Motté (2 June 1887 – 31 October 1918) was a French athlete. They competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics and the 1912 Summer Olympics. They were killed in action during World War I.
See also
List of Olympians killed in World War I
References
External links
1887 births
1918 deaths
French male long jumpers
French male high jumpers
Sportspeople from Roubaix
Athletes (track and field) at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of France
French military personnel killed in World War I
19th-century French people
20th-century French people
HWA Team, also known as HWA RACELAB, is the auto racing team of HWA AG, a German company based in Affalterbach, that also develops and builds vehicles and components for Mercedes-AMG race cars. It is named after founder Hans-Werner Aufrecht.
History
HWA was responsible for managing the AMG Mercedes team in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters (DTM). HWA AG was founded in 1999, and takes its name from Hans-Werner Aufrecht, who established AMG in 1967. Towards the end of 1998 Aufrecht sold a majority interest in AMG to DaimlerChrysler AG. As part of the process, the motor racing department and parts of the customised vehicles construction business were spun off and transferred to HWA AG.
It was announced on 9 May 2018 that HWA would join Formula E for the 2018-19 season. Their drivers were to be Gary Paffett, their reigning DTM champion and former McLaren Formula One driver Stoffel Vandoorne. For the 2019-20 season, Mercedes joined Formula E in an official capacity by taking over the HWA entry and renaming it to Mercedes-EQ Formula E Team.
In October 2018, HWA was named as one of ten teams that would make up the grid for the inaugural season of the newly rebranded FIA Formula 3 Championship. In January 2019, the team entered into a partnership with Arden International for the FIA Formula 2 Championship. On 16 October 2019 it was announced that HWA would take over Arden's entry completely for the 2020 Season following their withdrawal. The following month, the team named incumbent Arden driver Artem Markelov as their first driver.
In October 2021 was announced that HWA will leave the FIA Formula 3 Championship after three seasons, during which they claimed four wins and 10 podiums. Their assets were purchased by Van Amersfoort Racing.
Racing results
FIA Formula E Championship
Notes
† – Driver did not finish the race, but was classified as they completed over 90% of the race distance.
* – Season still in progress.
FIA Formula 2 Championship
In detail
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
FIA Formula 3 Championship
In detail
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
* Season still in progress
Notes
Timeline
References
External links
German auto racing teams
Motor vehicle engine manufacturers
Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters teams
German racecar constructors
Engine manufacturers of Germany
FIA Formula 2 Championship teams
FIA Formula 3 Championship teams
Formula E teams
Mercedes-Benz in motorsport
Auto racing teams established in 1999
1999 establishments in Germany
What Price Glory is a 1952 American Technicolor war film based on a 1924 play by Maxwell Anderson and Laurence Stallings, though it used virtually none of Anderson's dialogue. Originally intended as a musical, it was filmed as a straight comedy-drama, directed by John Ford and released by 20th Century Fox on August 22, 1952 in the U.S. The screenplay was written by Phoebe and Henry Ephron, and stars James Cagney and Dan Dailey as US Marines in World War I.
Plot
Upon the United States entry into World War I, the first American units to arrive at the front in France are veteran Marine companies, one of which is commanded by Captain Flagg, along with their lieutenants, Moore and Aldrich. Flagg has developed a romantic relationship with the daughter of the local innkeeper, Charmaine, and resumes their relationship after returning from the front. However, they lie to them and tells them they are married when they want to come with them on their leave to Paris. Replacements arrive and their lack of discipline and knowledge infuriate the captain. But they are expecting the arrival of a new top sergeant, who they hope will be able to train them properly. However, when the sergeant arrives, it is Quirt, Captain Flagg's longtime rival, and their rivalry quickly re-ignites.
Flagg leaves for Paris, and while they are away, Quirt begins to romance Charmaine. At the same time, another of the new arrivals, Private Lewisohn, begins a romance with a young woman of the village. When Flagg returns, they are approached by Charmaine's father, Whiskey Pete, who expresses concern over their daughter's relationship with Quirt. Flagg becomes angry, as Quirt has moved in on other girlfriends of Flagg in the past. But they see this as an opportunity to get even with Quirt once and for all, by using Pete's concern to force Quirt to marry Charmaine, taking them off the market once and for all. As the wedding approaches, the unit receives orders to move back to the front lines. Flagg sees an opportunity to add insult to injury by not informing Quirt of the impending deployment, until after the wedding, which would mean sending Quirt into battle immediately after the ceremony.
As they set up Quirt's wedding, Flagg is approached by Lewisohn, who wants to marry Nicole Bouchard, a local girl they have known for eight days. Flagg convinces them to wait. General Cokely visits the unit shortly before deployment, promising Flagg that if they can capture an Imperial German Army officer, they will allow the company to retire from the front, as well as giving a week's leave to Flagg. Flagg's surprise is spoiled, and Quirt refuses to marry Charmaine, offering Flagg the choice of taking them into battle or sending them to headquarters to be court-martialed. Flagg realizes Quirt's value in battle and takes them to the front lines.
At the front, Flagg's attempts to capture a live German officer lead to the death of Lieutenant Moore, after which a wounded Aldrich goads Flagg and Quirt in attempting to capture the officer themselves. On their way behind enemy lines, they both realize they love Charmaine, which once again re-heats their rivalry. The two do manage to capture a German colonel, but as they are bringing them back to the American lines, they are hit by a German barrage, killing the colonel and wounding Quirt. Quirt taunts Flagg with the fact that they will be going back to the village first, giving them the first shot at Charmaine. Right after they leaf for the base hospital in the village, Lewisohn brings a German lieutenant they have captured to Flagg. The joy is short-lived however, as Lewisohn is almost immediately killed by a German barrage after handing their prisoner over.
Flagg calls Cokely to tell them of the officer's capture, only to have Cokely renege on their pledge to withdraw Flagg's company from the front. As Flagg leads their Marines deeper into enemy territory, Quirt begins to woo Charmaine. Before the two can marry, Flagg returns from the front, confesses to them that they are not married, and proposes to them Charmaine cannot decide between the two men, leading to a fight between them. The two decide to play cards for the right to marry Charmaine. Flagg wins, after bluffing Quirt, but before they can marry Charmaine, Sergeants Lipinsky and Kiper arrive and let Flagg know they have been ordered back to the front. After initially balking at the order, Flagg realizes they cannot desert their men.
As the Marines move out, Flagg tells Kiper that they have been discharged, and that they have kept the discharge hidden from them for over a year. Rather than become angry, Kiper slings their weapon over their shoulder and joins the Marines marching out. Quirt, meanwhile, can stay behind, due to their injury, but they also pick up their rifle and joins their company.
Cast
James Cagney as Captain Flagg
Corinne Calvet as Charmaine
Dan Dailey as 1st Sergeant Quirt
William Demarest as Corporal Kiper
Craig Hill as Lieutenant Aldrich
Robert Wagner as Private Lewisohn
Marisa Pavan as Nicole Bouchard
Max Showalter as Lieutenant Moore (as Casey Adams)
James Gleason as General Cokely
Wally Vernon as Lipinsky
Harry Morgan as Sergeant Moran (uncredited)
Tom Tyler as Captain Davis (uncredited)
Paul Fix as Gowdy (uncredited)
Henri Letondal as Cognac Pete (Charmaine's father)
Production
John Ford stage show
Ford had directed the play on stage in Los Angeles in 1949, as a benefit for the Military Order of the Purple Heart, of which Ford was commander. The roles of Quint and Flagg would be played by Pat O'Brien and Ward Bond respectively; Maureen O'Hara played Charmaine and Gregory Peck and John Wayne played Lt Aldrich and Lt Cunningham. Harry Carey Jnr and George O'Brien were also in the cast. It toured throughout California in February and March, with performances given in venues such as Pasadena, San Jose, San Francisco and Long Beach.
Development
In June 1951 the Ephrons were reportedly working on a script, called Charmaine. It was originally slated to star Micheline Presle in the title role and Wayne reprising their role from the stage play. In September producer Sol C. Siegel said the film would be done as a musical. Dan Dailey had signed to star and James Cagney was being sought to co star. "The music won't be obtrusive", said Siegel. Corinne Calvet then signed to costar.
By October Cagney was set to star alongside Dailey and Calvet. Filming was to star December 10 at Camp Pendleton. At the end of that month John Ford signed to direct and the title changed from Charmaine back to What Price Glory. It was announced the film would have music in it but not be a musical. Cagney originally agreed to do the picture because it was supposed to be a musical. However, by the time they learned that Ford had decided to shoot it as a straight film, it was too late for them to back out.
Barry Norton played the role of Private Lewisohn in the 1926 original. They have an uncredited role as one of the priests in this remake. Marisa Pavan, the twin sister of Pier Angeli made their screen debut in this film as Nicole Bouchard. Paul Guilfoyle filmed an appearance but it was removed from the final cut.
Other versions
The film is a remake of the 1926 film also titled What Price Glory?, directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Edmund Lowe, Victor McLaglen, and Dolores del Río. Walsh also made a musical version of the film three years later, when sound films emerged, The Cock-Eyed World, again with McLaglen and Lowe playing the same characters, but featuring Lili Damita. In 1929 and 1931, Walsh directed Lowe and McLaglen in the same roles in two sequels, titled The Cock-Eyed World and Women of All Nations, respectively. A third sequel, Hot Pepper, with McLaglen and Lowe again reprising their roles and involving a woman named "Pepper" portrayed by Lupe Vélez, was directed by John Blystone.
Reception
The film premiered in Atlantic City, New Jersey, on July 25, 1952. It received lukewarm reviews upon its release, which can be summed up in this quote from The New York Times review of August 23, 1952: "...despite some heroics and the monumental rivalry of its principals, a swiftly moving but not an especially distinguished offering."
References
External links
1952 films
1950s war films
Remakes of American films
American war films
Western Front (World War I) films
Films scored by Alfred Newman
Films directed by John Ford
20th Century Fox films
Military humor in film
Films about the United States Marine Corps
Sound film remakes of silent films
Films produced by Sol C. Siegel
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
Nama-i farhangistan (; translated: Writings of the Academy), was a Persian-language magazine that was published monthly in Tehran between 1943 and 1947. A total of 10 issues in 5 volumes were published.
Description
The magazine was the publication organ of the Academy of Iran (pers. Farhangistān-i Īrān), founded in 1935, the predecessor of the Academy for Persian Language and Literature, and thus became an important pioneer for linguistic research and language reforms in the Pahlavi era.
Among the members of the Academy were well-known politicians and diplomats, numerous famous Iranian writers and scholars of that time, such as Abbas Iqbal (1896-1955), the founder of the magazine Yadgar, and Ali-Akbar Dehchoda (1879-1956), the co-founder of the magazine Sur-e Esrafil and author of the Dictionary of Dehchoda (Loghat-nāme-ye Dehchodā) - the most important and comprehensive dictionary of the Persian language and literature.
The Academy, whose primary objective was to preserve and protect the Persian language, in particular used the journal for publishing Persian equivalents to replace certain foreign words. From 1995 on the publication organ experienced a quarterly reprint of the same name.
References
External links
Online-Version: Nāma-i farhangistān
Digital Collections: Arabische, persische und osmanisch-türkische Periodika
1943 establishments in Iran
1947 disestablishments in Iran
Defunct magazines published in Iran
Magazines established in 1943
Magazines disestablished in 1947
Magazines published in Tehran
Monthly magazines published in Iran
Persian-language magazines
