Kahler v. Kansas, 589 U.S. ___ (2020), is a case of the United States Supreme Court in which the justices ruled that the Eighth and Fourteenth Amendments of the United States Constitution do not require that states adopt the insanity defense in criminal cases that are based on the defendant's ability to recognize right from wrong. It was argued on October 7, 2019 and decided on March 23, 2020.
Background
Insanity defense
The insanity defense is a traditional affirmative defense that dates at least back to English common law. The codification of the M'Naghten rules, which have been referenced in one form or another in US law as well as UK law, indicates that someone may be found not guilty of a crime because of a mental condition which prevents them from either controlling their actions or from knowing whether their actions were right or wrong.
Legislative activity
In 1995, the state of Kansas passed a law (Kan. Stat. Ann. § 22-3220) which revoked the traditional insanity defense. Defendants could no longer argue that, because of their mental illness, they were incapable of deciding right from wrong. Instead, defendants suffering from mental illness were only permitted to argue that their mental illness prevented them from forming the specific intent (or mens rea) needed to commit the crime. Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer described the distinction between the two systems in their dissent in Delling v. Idaho, a case covering the same topic that the Supreme Court declined to hear in 2012:
Case One: The defendant, due to insanity, believes that the victim is a wolf. They shoot and kills the victim.
Case Two: The defendant, due to insanity, believes that a wolf, a supernatural figure, has ordered them to kill the victim.
In Case One, the defendant does not know they have killed a human being, and their insanity negates a mental element necessary to commit the crime. In Case Two, the defendant has intentionally killed a victim whom they know is a human being; they possess the necessary mens rea.
In both cases the defendant is unable, due to insanity, to appreciate the true quality of their act, and therefore unable to perceive that it is wrong. But … the defendant in Case One could defend the charge by arguing that they lacked the mens rea, whereas the defendant in Case Two would not be able to raise a defense based on their mental illness.
As of 2020, at least four other states have passed laws which are conceptually similar to Kansas's: Idaho, Alaska, Utah, and Montana
Kahler murder case
In late 2009, James Kahler was arrested and charged with four counts of first-degree murder with the murder of four members of their family: their wife, their mother-in-law, and their two teenage daughters.
During their trial, their defense argued that they had mentally 'snapped' following their divorce and job loss. At the time of the murder, they asserted that they suffered from depression and had an obsessive-compulsive, narcissistic, and histrionic personality. The prosecution rebutted the defense's psychiatric testimony with an expert psychiatrist of its own. The prosecution's psychiatrist conceded that Kahler indeed suffered from clinical depression but argued that they were still capable of planning the murders.
Despite this testimony, they were found guilty of each murder and sentenced to death at the end of August 2011. An Osage County judge issued a death warrant for Kahler on October 11, 2011.
In lower courts
Under state law, capital murder cases can be appealed directly to the state supreme court. Accordingly, Kahler appealed their case to the Kansas Supreme Court, raising ten issues related to the conduct of the trial and actions taken by the judge and prosecutor. Two of these issues were the constitutionality of KSA 22–3220, the 1995 state law which abolished the traditional insanity plea and allowed defendants only the option of arguing that their mental illness prevented them from forming criminal intent, as well as the constitutionality of executing someone who currently suffers from a severe mental illness
In a ruling, the Kansas Supreme Court rejected Kahler's appeals, noting its prior precedent in State v. Bethel (2003):
The same arguments made by Kahler were considered and rejected by this court in State v. Bethel, 275 Kan. 456, 66 P.3d 840 (2003). The Bethel court conducted a thorough review of the pertinent decisions of the United States Supreme Court and other states that had considered the issue. Ultimately, the Bethel court concluded that "K.S.A. 22-3220 does not violate the defendant's right to due process under the United States or Kansas Constitutions." 275 Kan. at 473; see State v. Searcy, 118 Idaho 632, 798 P.2d 914 (1990) (finding mens rea approach of state statute did not violate due process); State v. Korell, 213 Mont. 316, 690 P.2d 992 (1984) (same); State v. Herrera, 895 P.2d 359 (Utah 1995) (same). Kahler relies on Finger v. State, 117 Nev. 548, 569, 27 P.3d 66 (2001), in which the Nevada Supreme Court held legal insanity is a fundamental principle of the criminal law of this country. But the Bethel court considered and rejected the reasoning of the Nevada Supreme Court in Finger, and we adhere to our Bethel decision.
The Kansas Supreme Court acknowledged that the judge had made errors in handling the case but did not deem these errors significant enough to warrant a new trial or to vacate Kahler's convictions or sentences.
They then appealed their case to United States Supreme Court, which granted a writ of certiorari on March 28, 2019.
At issue in the case is whether the lack of an insanity defense violates the due process clause of the 14th Amendment and 8th Amendment.
At the Supreme Court
Sarah Schrup, the head of the Northwestern University School of Law Supreme Court practicum, argued the case before the Court on behalf of Kahler. Toby Crouse, the Kansas Solicitor General, argued the case on behalf of the state of Kansas. Oral arguments were held in October 2019. Kahler v. Kansas was the first case that was heard during the October 2019 term.
Kahler's argument is that the M'Naghten rule represents the codification of a legal concept that goes back all the way to Medieval common law and should be considered part of the due process of law. Their argument asserts that, for centuries, defendants were held culpable only when they were able to distinguish between right and wrong and that people who were legally insane did not have the capacity to do so. The state's argument emphasized the importance of federalism, allowing states the autonomy to make their own laws within the framework of the state and federal constitutions. The state also noted that the definition of insanity has varied in different ways throughout history and that one version (the M'Naghten rule) should not be viewed as an inherent aspect of due process.
Majority opinion
Justice Elena Kagan wrote the majority opinion which upheld Kansas's state law. Kagan noted the need to refer back to eminent common-law authorities such as Blackstone, Cole, Hale, and others. In the opinion, Kagan wrote that the Kansas law did not violate Kahler's fundamental right to due process, noting that definitions of legal culpability and mental illness have been traditionally reserved for the states. Kagan noted that, contrary to Kahler's argument before the court, Kansas had not in fact abolished the insanity defense but had instead simply modified it, which the Constitution has generally permitted. The opinion points out that Kahler could have still presented a mental illness defense at trial and could also have presented evidence during their sentencing hearing.
Dissent
Justice Stephen Breyer dissented from the majority opinion, joined by Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor. Breyer conceded that states do have broad leeway to define state crimes and criminal procedures, including the definitions and standards of the insanity defense. However, they argued that Kansas's law did not simply modify the insanity defense but had removed the core requirement of whether or not the defendant could distinguish from right and wrong. Breyer's dissent was rooted in the centuries of tradition behind the original M'naghten Rule and noted that only a handful of states had modified it in the way that Kansas had.
References
External links
SCOTUSblog coverage
2020 in United States case law
United States criminal due process case law
Adjudicative competence case law
Cruel and Unusual Punishment Clause and death penalty case law
United States death penalty case law
Cruel and Unusual Punishment Clause case law
United States Supreme Court cases of the Roberts Court
United States Supreme Court cases
is a railway station on the Kotohira Line in Kotohira, Kagawa, Japan. It is the southwestern terminus of the line.
Ridership
Adjacent stations
References
External links
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1927
Railway stations in Kagawa Prefecture
The Tongan whistler (Pachycephala jacquinoti) is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae. It is endemic to the islands of Vava'u and Late in Tonga. It is mainly found in tropical primary forest, but can sometimes be seen in second growth or wooded plantations. It is similar to the Australian golden whistler in appearance, but the head and throat of the male is entirely black, and the underparts of the female are yellow. The Tongan whistler is threatened by habitat loss. The Tongan whistler was also described by Jacques Pucheran in the genus Eopsaltria and has been variably considered as a subspecies of the golden whistler.
References
Tongan whistler
Birds of Tonga
Endemic fauna of Tonga
Tongan whistler
Tongan whistler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Kiichi Harada is a Japanese Olympic Dressage rider. Representing Japan, they competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro where they finished 45th in the individual and 11th in the team competition.
Kiichi was born into the horse riding world, the oldest son of the owner of the Nishizao Horse Riding Club in Yamagata Prefecture. They started riding at age 6, motivated by the receipt of a pony as a birthday present. At age 17 they began training under Masayasu Sugitani, owner of the Sugitani Riding Club in Izumi City, Osaka. In 2000 they moved to Okayama in preparation for the 2005 National Sports Festival of Japan in Okayama, where they won both the Eventing and Dressage categories. Immediately after the successful competition they moved to Hiruzen, Okayama Prefecture, where in 2007 they became the President of the Maniwa City Hiruzen Kougen Riding Park, more commonly known as Hiruzen Horse Park. From 2005 to 2016 Kiichi had 143 tournament wins recognized by the Japan Equestrian Federation. In 2014 they started focusing solely on Dressage. Their score in the individual Dressage competition at the 2016 Summer Olympics has thus far been the highest score ever attained by a Japanese rider at the Olympic Games.
Competition
Old Friends Japan
In April 2021 Kiichi spearheaded the foundation of Old Friends Japan, a retraining and retirement facility for off-track Thoroughbred racehorses in Hiruzen, Okayama. Old Friends Japan got its name from Old Friends Equine, an equine aftercare and retirement facility run by Mr. Michael Blowen in Georgetown, Kentucky.
References
External links
Hiruzen Horse Park
Photos from 2016 Summer Olympics
Old Friends Japan
Living people
1972 births
Japanese male equestrians
Equestrians at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic equestrians of Japan
Japanese dressage riders
Sportspeople from Yamagata Prefecture
Patra Sherani is town and union council of Dera Bugti District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
References
Populated places in Dera Bugti District
Union councils of Balochistan, Pakistan
Hilbert Wildlife Management Area is located in Lincoln County near Sod, West Virginia, less than forty-five minutes drive south of Charleston, the state capital. Located on , the WMA land is steep and heavily covered with second growth hickory-oak hardwood forest.
From Charleston, follow U.S. Route 119/WV Route 214 to Alum Creek, then follow WV Route 214 west through Sod to Joes Creek Road. Follow Joes Creek Road north to the Hilbert WMA.
Hunting
Hunting opportunities, though limited by the small size of Hilbert WMA, can include deer, fox, grouse, and squirrel.
Camping is not permitted in the WMA.
See also
Animal conservation
Fishing
Hunting
List of West Virginia wildlife management areas
References
External links
West Virginia DNR District 5 Wildlife Management Areas
West Virginia Hunting Regulations
West Virginia Fishing Regulations
Wildlife management areas of West Virginia
Protected areas of Lincoln County, West Virginia
IUCN Category V
The white-plumed antbird (Pithys albifrons) is a small species of insectivorous bird found in the understories of rainforests. It is smaller than most species of its family (Thamnophilidae), weighing 26 grams on average. The family Thamnophilidae is known commonly as the antbirds, as they use the presence of ants (army ants in particular) to locate food. This species is largely solitary except during the breeding season, and different individuals will follow individual ant swarms.
Taxonomy
The first formal description of the white-plumed antbird was by the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus in 1766 in the twelfth edition of their Systema Naturae. They introduced the binomial name Pipra albifrons.
There are three subspecies of the white-plumed antbird: Pithys alifrons ssp. albifrons, P. albifrons ssp. peruvianus and P. albifrons brevibarba. It is most closely related to the white-masked antbird (P. castaneus). The most closely related genus is Phaenostictus, the members of which they may resemble from a distance. The genera may be distinguished by smaller length and weight, shorter tails and louder songs in Pithys spp. than Phaenostictus spp.
Description
The white-plumed antbird is monomorphic, meaning both sexes look the same. Adults have extensive rufous-chestnut plumage on their body, with contrasting black wings and head, and their signature white throats and feathered periocular tufts. Their feet and tarsus are bright orange. White-plumed antbirds have an average total body length of 13 cm, 4.6 cm of which is tail. Their bill is 1.16 cm long and only 0.47 cm wide on average, indicative of its insect food source. Young birds will have rufous coloured tips on their secondaries and a grayish head, without the white plumes or rufous collar.
Habitat and distribution
The species is found in Brazil, Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador and Peru; also the Guianas: Guyana, Suriname, and French Guiana. Its natural habitat is tropical moist lowland rainforests. The white-plummed antbird appears in higher abundances in forests with high canopies, high vegetation complexity and many plant species
In the Amazon Basin proper, except in the headwaters of central Peru, the white-plumed antbird is found only north of the Amazon River, in the northeast (Guianas) and in the northwest, from Amapa and Cayenne westward to the Andes from southern Venezuela to northern Peru. They have been found at elevations of up to elevation (Mt. Duida, Venezuela) and (Cordillera Cutucu, Ecuador). They show higher survival in the eastern Amazon rainforest than in the western.
Each individual occupies a home range exceeding in order to ensure that swarms of army ants to follow to food can be found at all times. They will avoid open habitats and will not cross rivers. They have, however, been found crossing roads to get from one patch of forest to another.
Behavior
White-plumed antbirds are very persistent in holding on to territories and may remain even in case of conflict with other individuals, if enough food sources are available. They are generally solitary outside of the breeding season and will tend to follow individual ant swarms through the forest.
Like other antbirds, they perform anting, which is the process of brushing small insects through their wing and tail feathers. It is still unknown whether the main function of this process is to ease irritation during moulting, kill mites, or detoxify distasteful insects.
Diet
The white-plumed antbird is an insectivore that eats insects, arthropods and at times lizards. Like all obligate antbirds, they rely on army ants to flush out these prey from the leaf litter.
Alarm behavior
While foraging, white-plumed antbirds may remain immobile for long periods of time so that they will not be attacked by larger antbirds or predators. In case of confrontation or alarm, they may "panic, flee and chip" instead. This reaction to danger involves the bird darting back and forth making chipping noises, spreading its tail and flicking rapidly to find their last prey items before fleeing. In reaction to human presence, the bird tends to make a chirring sound and mob the intruder.
Reproduction
The courtship of white-plumed antbirds is essentially the same as in other antbirds. Courtship involves the male feeding the female, mutual grooming and the male showing the female possible nest sites, a display known as "draping". Both the female and male help build the nest. White-plumed antbirds typically build their bottom-supported cup nests atop live vegetation such as small palms, sedges and tuberous plants. Although the plant chosen is alive, it will often have a mat of dead leaves at the crown. The nest is built sunken into these dead leaves to hide it from predators. The nests themselves are composed of dark-coloured fibrous rootlets (inner lining) and dead leaves (outer layers). Typically two eggs are laid per clutch. The eggs have a rosy-white base colour with many longitudinal rosy-brown flecks and a few rosy hairline markings covering the surface. After hatching, each fledgling is fed for about a month. In certain locations, such as Manaus, they breed for much of the year and females are known to leave their mate (caring for their offspring) in order to start a new nest with a new mate as quickly as possible.
Vocalization
This species has 11 different calls (described in detail by Willis (1981)), 8 of which are similar to another species (the Bicolored Antbird) and 3 that are fairly unusual. They have a loud, structurally complex and unique, whistling song. This song is used between mates and young separated by vegetation and individuals searching for ants. An adult may also sing three or more short soft tweeting notes ("see-see-see") when searching for a young or a mate, followed by "beie, beie, beie" if they do not appear quickly. Their other calls are typically quieter and shorter than those of other species of antbird. Several of their calls are used for agonistic behaviour and as predation warnings. There are two main calls with the latter function, one that is very high and thin because it is hard to locate the source of such sounds, and a kind of buzzing (aimed mostly at ground predators and humans) that mimics the lower warning growls of carnivores.
Moult
The white-plumed antbird uses a complex basic moult strategy, meaning that the juvenile performs a preliminary moult before it moults into its characteristic adult feathers. This first moult occurs soon after they begin to feed themselves. As adults, they perform at most one moult a year and plumage remains unchanging. A complete wing moult is quite variable, slow and irregular, especially in breeding birds. The moult takes approximately 301 days to complete, thus there can only be a single annual moult. Moults may not occur annually and can start at any time of year.
References
External links
Stamps (for Guyana) with RangeMap
White-plumed antbird photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
white-plumed antbird
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Amazon Basin
white-plumed antbird
white-plumed antbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Codar is a village in the Ponda taluka (sub-district) of Goa. Codar, also spelt as Kodar, is home to the Goa Government Agricultural Farm.
Area, population
According to the official 2011 Census, Codar in Ponda taluka has an area of 975.28 hectares, a total of 172 households, a population of 733 (comprising 366 males and 367 females) with an under-six years population of 62 (comprising 28 boys and 34 girls).
Location
Codar is located in the eastern part of Ponda taluka. Codar is to the east of Betora and Ponda town. In the vicinity of Codar are Tisk, Nirancal, Dabal, Siddhanath Hill and Curti.
It lies approx 10 km from the sub-district (taluka) headquarters of Ponda town, and approx 39 km away from the district North Goa headquarters of Panaji or Panjim.
Local jurisdiction
Codar lies under the Bethora-Nirankal gram panchayat. It covers the areas of Betora, Nirancal, Conxem and Codar. As of 2017, the sarpanch (village council chief) was Sushant Gaonkar and their deputy was Manda Gaude (deputy sarpanch).
References
Villages in North Goa district
Antweiler is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Populated places in Ahrweiler (district)
Nkrumaism (sometimes Consciencism) is an African socialist political ideology based on the thinking and writing of Kwame Nkrumah. Nkrumah, a pan-Africanist and socialist, served as Prime Minister of the Gold Coast (later Ghana) from 1952 until 1960 and subsequently as President of Ghana before being deposed by the National Liberation Council in 1966.
Definition
Nkrumaism is a pan-African socialist theory which aims to adapt Marxist–Leninist theory to the social context of the African continent. Nkrumah defined their belief system as "the ideology of a New Africa, independent and absolutely free from imperialism, organized on a continental scale, founded upon the conception of one and united Africa, drawing its strength from modern science and technology and from the traditional African belief that the free development of each is the condition for the free development of all." The Convention People's Party (CPP), founded by Nkrumah in 1949, writes "Nkrumaism simply means Self Reliance, African is capable of managing their own affairs. The values CPP stands for or the guiding principles of Nkrumaism today are those which have guided it throughout its existence. Social justice, Pan-Africanism, Self Determination, African Personality, Anti-Imperialism."
Nkrumaism is a syncretic ideology which blends different sources together while not necessarily borrowing their entire frameworks. In their work, Nkrumah blended different sources from within Africa, the canon of Western philosophy, and black intellectuals in North America and Europe, like Marcus Garvey and George Padmore. Particularly important in founding this ideology were their study and meetings with C. L. R. James, W. E. B. Du Bois and Father Divine. Aside from the Marxist–Leninist framework, this blending of ideas largely only took bits and pieces of other philosophical systems and even its use of traditional African cultural concepts were often stretched to fit into the larger theory. While a major focus of the ideology was ending colonial relationships on the African continent, many of the ideas were utopian, diverting the scientific nature of the Marxist political analysis which it claims to support.
Beliefs
Like other African political ideologies at the time, the central focus of Nkrumaism was on decolonization across Africa. The central contention of Nkrumaism was that African countries, united with one another, needed to adopt socialist political structures which were consistent with the traditional African values of egalitarianism. Nkrumah rejected the idealized view of pre-colonial African societies that were classless or non-hierarchical, but accepted that Africa had a spirit of communalism and humanism. While colonial structures had damaged these communal, egalitarian values, they had not fully supplanted them. Nkrumaism then argued that a return to these values through socialist political structures would both heal the disruption caused by colonial structures and allow further development of African societies. The pan-African aspects of Nkrumah's ideology were justified by a claim that all African societies had a community of economic life and that in contradiction to the neocolonial structures that replaced formal colonies, only African unity would create real autonomy.
In Nkrumah's argument, four basic pillars formed the applied aspects of this theory: state ownership of the means of production, a one-party democracy, fostering a classless economic system, and pan-African unity. While embracing much of Marxist–Leninist philosophy and Soviet political structures at the time, the ideology differed in some key respects. First, while Marxism–Leninism saw revolution as the only way to replace class structures with a socialist egalitarian system, Nkrumah saw reform as the more appropriate case for Africa. They argued that Ghana, and most of the rest of Africa, had never developed the class distinctions which Karl Marx and Vladimir Lenin saw in Europe and thus reform could reestablish preexisting egalitarianism suited to a post-colonial context. Nkrumah wrote that:
From the ancestral lines of communalism, the passage to socialism lies in reform, because the underlying principles are the same. But when this passage carries one through colonialism the reform is revolutionary since the passage from colonialism to genuine independence is an act of revolution. But because of the continuity of communalism with socialism, in communalistic society, socialism is not a revolutionary creed, but a restatement in contemporary idiom of the principles underlying communalism.
They would change this idea after the 1966 coup seeing revolution as increasingly necessary. Second, while Nkrumah believed in the materialism and economic determinism of Marxism, they argued that focusing on the economic system was only appropriate after achieving independence throughout Africa and that the political struggle was the first order in colonial and neocolonial contexts.
Impact
The ideology of Nkrumaism formed a key part of the personality cult around Nkrumah and the party-building efforts of their political party, the CPP. This was in part achieved through Nkrumah's use of democratic centralism in the CPP and government. Their arguments were widely published and these had an impact within the Gold Coast colony, independent Ghana, and other parts of Africa in the 1950s and 1960s. The CPP, founded by Nkrumah in 1949, became a vocal proponent for the teaching and application of Nkrumaism. When they became president in the 1960s, their Minister for Presidential Affairs, Tawia Adamafio, established study groups on Nkrumahism which many civil servants joined to advance their careers. At the same time, the CPP established Ghana Young Pioneers groups for school age children where Nkrumaism was taught. While the tenets were promoted through these various party efforts, applying all aspects of the ideology proved to be difficult for Nkrumah while President of the country. Because of this, some consider Nkrumaism to be "first of all a cultural phenomenon" in Ghana with little impact on the actual politics of the country.
Criticisms
Henry Bretton argues that Nkrumaism was not a coherent ideology, but a vague framework supporting the cult of personality and the centralized rule of Nkrumah. They write:
In contrast, Yuri Smertin criticized early works by Nkrumah from a Marxist perspective for distorting scientific socialism by combining religious and traditional elements.
See also
African Review
African socialism
Black Power
Garveyism
Lumumbism
Mobutism
Sankarism
References
Bibliography
External links
Eponymous political ideologies
Politics of Ghana
Socialism in Africa
Socialism in Ghana
Types of socialism
There are two different types of haze that can occur in materials:
Reflection haze occurs when light is reflected from a material.
Transmission haze occurs when light passes through a material.
The measurement and control of both types during manufacture is essential to ensure optimum quality, acceptability and suitability for purpose of the product.
For instance, in automotive manufacturing, a high quality reflective appearance is desirable with low reflection haze and high contrast whilst in packaging clear, low haze, highly transmissive films are required so that the contents, foods etc., can be clearly observed.
Reflection Haze
Reflection Haze is an optical phenomenon usually associated with high gloss surfaces, it is a common surface problem that can affect appearance quality. The reflection from an ideal high gloss surface should be clear and radiant, however, due to scattering at imperfections in the surface caused by microscopic structures or textures (≈ 0.01 mm wavelength) the reflection can appear milky or hazy reducing the quality of its overall visual appearance.
Causes of this could be due to a number of factors –
Poor dispersion
Method of applying the coating
Variations in drying, curing or baking
Types of materials used in the formulation
Polishing or abrasion
A high gloss surface with haze exhibits a milky finish with low reflective contrast- reflected highlights and lowlights are less pronounced.
On surfaces with haze, halos are visible around the reflections of strong light sources.
Measurement
Measurement of reflection haze is primarily defined under three International test standards:
ASTM E430
ASTM E430 comprises three test methods:
Test method A specifies a 30° angle for specular gloss measurement, 28° or 32° for narrow-angle reflection haze measurement and 25° or 35° for wide-angle reflection haze measurement.
Test method B specifies a 20° angle for specular gloss measurement and 18.1° and 21.9° for narrow-angle reflection haze measurement.
Test method C specifies a 30° angle for specular gloss measurement, 28° or 32° for narrow-angle reflection haze measurement and 15° wide-angle reflection haze measurement.
ASTM D4039
Test method specifies gloss measurements to be made at 20° and 60°, the haze index is then calculated as the difference between the 60° and 20° measurements.
ISO 13803
Test method specifies a 20° angle for specular gloss measurement and 18.1° and 21.9° for narrow-angle reflection haze measurement.
All test methods specify that measurements should be made with visible light according to CIE spectral luminous efficiency function V(λ) in the CIE 1931 standard observer and CIE standard illuminant C.
As most commercially available glossmeters have gloss measurement angles of 20°, 60° and 85° haze measurement is incorporated at either 20° (ISO 13803 / ASTM E430 method B) or at 20° and 60° ( ASTM D4039). There are however some manufacturers that offer glossmeters with measurement angles of 30° and haze measurement in accordance with ASTM E430 Method A and C but are fewer in number, therefore for the purposes of detailing haze measurement theory only the first three methods will be included.
ISO 13803 / ASTM E430 method B
Both test methods measure specular gloss and haze together at 20° that means light is transmitted and received at an equal but opposite angle of 20°.
Specular gloss is measured over an angular range that is limited by aperture dimensions as defined in ASTM Test Method D523. The angular measurement range for this at 20° is ±0.9° (19.1° - 20.9°). For haze measurement additional sensors are used either side of this range at 18.1° and 21.9° to measure the intensity of the scattered light. Both solid colours and those containing metallics can be measured using this method provided haze compensation is used (as detailed later).
ASTM D4039
This method can only be used on nonmetallic materials having a 60° specular gloss value greater than 70 in accordance with ASTM Test Method D523 / ISO 2813. Haze Index is calculated from gloss measurements made at 20 and 60 degrees as the difference between the two measurements (HI = G60-G20).
As measurements of specular gloss depend largely on the refractive index of the material being measured 20° gloss will change more noticeably than 60° gloss, therefore as haze index is calculated using these two measurements it too will be affected by the refractive index of the material. Evaluations of reflection haze using this test method are therefore confined to samples of roughly the same refractive index.
Haze compensation
It is important to note that the colour (luminous reflectance) of a material can greatly influence the measurement of reflection haze. As colour and haze are both components of scattered light (diffuse reflectance) they must be separated so that only the haze value is quantified; this is also true for metallics or coatings containing metallic pigments where a higher scattering exists.
As test method ASTM D4039 is only suitable for nonmetallic materials of more or less the same refractive index separation of the colour and haze components is not detailed. Haze index calculations and measurements using this test method will therefore produce higher haze results on brighter coloured materials than darker with the same level of haze present. The chart below shows these differences for various colours:-
Both ISO 13803 and ASTM E430 method B require a separate measurement of luminous reflectance, Y, to calculate compensated haze. The tri-stimulus value Y gives a measure of the lightness of the material as defined in ISO 7724-2 requiring a 45°/0° geometry to be used with standard illuminant C and 2° observer (although it is mentioned that slightly different conditions will not result in significant errors). Luminous reflectance measurements, Y, are required on both the sample material and a reference white; ISO 13803 details the use of a BaSO4 standard - barium sulphate, a white crystalline solid having a white opaque appearance and high density as this material is a good substitute for a perfectly reflecting diffusor as defined under ISO 7724-2.
Compensated haze can then be calculated as -
H Comp = H Linear – Y Sample / Y BaSO4
Using the ISO / ASTM method therefore to measure luminous reflectance produces a reliable measurement of Y for non-metallic surfaces as the diffuse component is lambertian, i.e. it is equal in amplitude at all angles in relation to the sample surface.
However, for metallic coatings and those containing speciality pigments, as the particles within the coating reflect the light directionally around the specular angle, little or no metallic reflection is present at the angle at which the luminosity is measured, therefore these types of coatings have an unexpectedly high haze reading. Using a measurement angle which is closer to the region adjacent to the haze angle has proven successful in providing compatible readings on solid colours and also compensating for directional reflection from metallic coatings and speciality pigments
Applications
Generally measurement of reflection haze is confined to high gloss paints and coatings and highly polished metals. Although there has been some degree of success using this measurement method for films it has proven unreliable due to variability caused by changes in the film thickness (internal refraction variations) and the background colour on which the film sample is placed. Generally haze measurement of films is performed using a transmission type hazemeter as described hereafter.
Transmission Haze
Light and transparent materials
When light strikes the surface of a transparent material the following interactions occur –
• Light is reflected from the front surface of the material
• Some light is refracted within the material (depending on thickness) and reflected from the second surface
• Light passes through the material at an angle which is determined by the refractive index of the material and the angle of illumination.
The light that passes through the transparent material can be affected by irregularities within it; these can include poorly dispersed particles, contaminants (i.e. dust particles) and/or air spaces. This causes the light to scatter in different directions from the normal the degree of which being related to the size and number of irregularities present. Small irregularities cause the light to scatter, or diffuse, in all directions whilst large ones cause the light to be scattered forward in a narrow cone shape. These two types of scattering behaviour are known as Wide Angle Scattering, which causes haze due to the loss of transmissive contrast, and Narrow Angle Scattering a measure of clarity or the "see through quality" of the material based on a reduction of sharpness.
These factors are therefore important for defining the transmitting properties of a transparent material-
Transmission – The amount of light that passes through the material without being scattered
Haze – The amount of light that is subject to Wide Angle Scattering (At an angle greater than 2.5° from normal (ASTM D1003))
Clarity – The amount of light that is subject to Narrow Area Scattering (At an angle less than 2.5° from normal)
Measurement
Measurement of these factors is defined in two International test standards-
ASTM D1003
ASTM D1003 comprises two test methods:
Procedure A – using a Hazemeter
Procedure B – using a Spectrophotometer
BS EN ISO 13468 Parts 1 and 2
Part 1 – Using a single beam Hazemeter
Part 2 – Using a dual beam Hazemeter
The test methods specify the use of a Hazemeter as shown below -
A collimated beam of light from a light source (ASTM D1003 - Illuminant C, BS EN ISO 13468 Parts 1 and 2 - Illuminant D65 ) passes through a sample mounted on the entrance port of an integrating sphere.
The light, which is uniformly distributed by a matte white highly reflective coating on the sphere walls, is measured by a photodetector positioned at 90° from the entrance port. A baffle mounted between the photodetector and the entrance port prevents direct exposure from the port.
The exit port immediately opposite the entrance port contains a light trap to absorb all light from the light source when no sample is present. A shutter in this exit port coated with the same coating as the sphere walls allows the port to be opened and closed as required.
Total transmittance is measured with the exit port closed.
Transmittance haze is measured with the exit port open.
Commercially available Hazemeters of this type perform both measurements automatically, the only operator interaction being the placement of the sample material on the measurement (entrance) port of the device.
See also
Gloss (paint)
Visual appearance
Distinctness of image
Transparency meter
References
External links
Reflection Haze measurement theory
Optical phenomena
John H. Davison (31 May 1930 – 5 March 1999) was an American composer and pianist.
Life and career
Born in Istanbul, Turkey, they grew up in Upstate New York and in New York City, and studied music at the Juilliard School's lower school, Haverford College, then received their master's degree from Harvard University, where they focused on Renaissance music, particularly the works of Orlando Gibbons. They earned their doctorate in creative composition from the Eastman School of Music. Their teachers included Alfred Swan, Randall Thompson, Walter Piston, Bernard Rogers, Howard Hanson, Alan Hovhaness, and Robert Palmer. During 1964-1965, Davison was placed in the Kansas City (Missouri) Schools as part of the Music Educators National Conference's Contemporary Music Project, where they composed numerous works for band, chorus, and orchestra. They were a friend of Aaron Copland and maintained a correspondence with him. They were also a conscientious objector.
Davison's music is generally tonal, strongly melodic, and influenced by such diverse musics as Western classical and Romantic music (particularly the music of Johannes Brahms, Renaissance and Baroque music, Irish music, English country dancing, Anglican church music, and jazz.
Their music is published by Southern Music Publishing Co., Shawnee Press, and TAP Music Publishing, and their music has been recorded by the CRI, Crystal, Coronet, Encore, and Albany labels. They coauthored, with John Ashmead, a book about the songs of Robert Burns.
Davison taught at Haverford College from 1959 until their death. They were survived by their wife, Elizabeth Davison.
Works
1957 - Sonata for Trombone and Piano
1963 - Concerto for Harpsichord and Strings
1967 - Canzona and Chorale, 4 flutes
1967 - Suite, 8 brass instruments (2 horns, 2 trumpets, 3 trombones, and tuba)
1967 - Symphony no. 2 for Band
1968 - Suite, flute, violin, and piano
1968-69 - Sextet, English horn, violin, viola, violoncello, bass viola da gamba, and piano
1971 - Prelude and Rhapsody for Euphonium
1977 - Concertino for oboe and chamber orchestra
1980 - Sonata, euphonium (or trombone), tuba, and piano, Opus 73
1980 - Symphony no. 5
1983 - Arthur's Return, bagpipes and string orchestra
1985 - Sinfonia, cimbalon and chamber orchestra
1986 - Quintet, for trombone and string quartet
1986 - Suite for Six Trombones
1991 - Canzona & Reel/Jig, 4 flutes
1993 - Over the Mountain, Op. 115, orchestra
1994 - Cello Concerto, Op. 120
1996 - Sonata for Horn and Piano
Discography
1996 - Music of John Davison. Albany Records.
References
External links
John Davison page, from Haverford College site
1930 births
1999 deaths
American classical pianists
American male classical pianists
American male classical composers
American classical composers
20th-century classical composers
Haverford College faculty
Harvard University alumni
American conscientious objectors
Haverford College alumni
Eastman School of Music alumni
Musicians from New York City
Pupils of Walter Piston
Pupils of Bernard Rogers
Pupils of Randall Thompson
Pupils of Howard Hanson
20th-century classical pianists
20th-century American pianists
20th-century American composers
20th-century American male musicians
Albany Records artists
The 2020 Emilia Romagna and Rimini Riviera motorcycle Grand Prix (officially known as the Gran Premio TISSOT dell'Emilia Romagna e della Riviera di Rimini) was the eighth round of the 2020 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season, the seventh round of the 2020 MotoGP World Championship and the fourth round of the 2020 MotoE World Cup. It was held at the Misano World Circuit Marco Simoncelli in Misano Adriatico on 20 September 2020.
Background
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
The opening rounds of the 2020 championship were heavily affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Several Grands Prix were cancelled or postponed after the aborted opening round in Qatar, prompting the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme to draft a new calendar. However, the San Marino and Rimini Riviera Grand Prix was not impacted by this change and kept its original date.
Organisers of the race signed a contract with Dorna Sports, the sport's commercial rights holder, to host a second round at the circuit on 20 September (a week after the first race) to be known as the "Emilia Romagna and Rimini Riviera Grand Prix". The race was named for Emilia Romagna, the region of Italy that the Misano World Circuit Marco Simoncelli is located in. The race was also the third time in the sport's history that the same venue and circuit layout hosted back-to-back World Championship races.
MotoGP Championship standings before the race
After the seventh round at the 2020 San Marino and Rimini Riviera Grand Prix, Andrea Dovizioso on 76 points, lead the championship by 6 points over Fabio Quartararo with Jack Miller a further 12 points behind.
In the Teams' Championship, Petronas Yamaha SRT with 127 points, lead the championship from Monster Energy Yamaha with 116. Ducati Team sat 15 points behind the factory Yamaha in third, and one point ahead of fourth-placed Team Suzuki Ecstar with 100 points, while Pramac Racing sat 5th on 97 points.
MotoGP Entrants
Stefan Bradl replaced Marc Márquez from the Czech Republic round onwards while they recovered from injuries sustained in their opening round crash.
Free practice
Combined Free Practice 1-2-3
The top ten riders (written in bold) qualified in Q2.
Free Practice 4
The first three positions of the session are as follows.
Qualifying
MotoGP
Race
MotoGP
Stefan Bradl withdrew from the event due to arm pump.
Moto2
The race, scheduled to be run for 25 laps, was red-flagged after 6 full laps due to wet track conditions. The race was later restarted over 10 laps with the starting grid determined by the classification of the first part.
Moto3
Tatsuki Suzuki suffered a broken left wrist in a crash during qualifying and withdrew from the event.
MotoE
Race 1
All bikes manufactured by Energica.
Race 2
All bikes manufactured by Energica.
Championship standings after the race
Below are the standings for the top five riders, constructors, and teams after the round.
MotoGP
Riders' Championship standings
Constructors' Championship standings
Teams' Championship standings
Moto2
Riders' Championship standings
Constructors' Championship standings
Teams' Championship standings
Moto3
Riders' Championship standings
Constructors' Championship standings
Teams' Championship standings
MotoE
Notes
References
External links
Emilia Romagna
Emilia Romagna and Rimini Riviera motorcycle Grand Prix
Emilia Romagna and Rimini Riviera motorcycle Grand Prix
Emilia Romagna motorcycle Grand Prix
Sebastian Szikal (born 17 November 1986 in Nuremberg) is a German footballer who plays for TSV Aindling.
Career
Szikal made their Bundesliga debut with 1. FC Nürnberg as an 87th minute substitute in a 2–1 home win against 1. FC Köln on 1 October 2005. They later moved to SV Darmstadt 98 and SpVgg Weiden.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Footballers from Nuremberg
German footballers
Association football midfielders
Bundesliga players
1. FC Nürnberg players
SV Darmstadt 98 players
2009 Avispa Fukuoka season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Avispa Fukuoka
Avispa Fukuoka seasons
Burial Rites (2013) is a novel by Australian author Hannah Kent, based on a true story.
Background
Kent was given inspiration to write Burial Rites during their time as an exchange student in Iceland when they were 17, where they learnt the story of Agnes Magnúsdóttir. They then made it the topic of their honours degree at Flinders University, and the subject of their PhD, with additional mentoring being given by Geraldine Brooks, after this, Kent was awarded the Writing Australia Unpublished Manuscript Award in 2011.
Plot summary
Burial Rites tells the story of Agnes Magnúsdóttir, a servant in northern Iceland who was condemned to death after the murder of two men, one of whom was their employer, and became the last woman put to death in Iceland.
Notes
Burial Rites was included in the VCE text response texts from 2014.
Dedication: For my Family
Included in the QCAA prescribed text list in 2020.
Reviews
The Guardian
Sydney Review of Books
Interviews
The Australian - "Hannah Kent's debut novel Burial Rites is written in cold blood" by Stephen Romei
Awards and nominations
2011 inaugural winner Writing Australia Unpublished Manuscript Award
2013 shortlisted 'The Nib': CAL Waverley Library Award for Literature
2013 shortlisted Guardian First Book Award
2013 winner 'The Nib': CAL Waverley Library Award for Literature — The Alex Buzo Shortlist Prize
2014 shortlisted Victorian Premier's Literary Awards — Fiction
2014 winner Victorian Premier's Literary Awards — People's Choice Award
2014 winner Indie Awards — Debut Fiction
2014 shortlisted Stella Prize
2014 shortlisted ASAL Awards — ALS Gold Medal
2014 shortlisted Women's Prize for Fiction (UK) — Baileys Women's Prize for Fiction
2014 winner Australian Book Industry Awards (ABIA) — Australian Literary Fiction Book of the Year
2014 winner Nielsen BookData Booksellers Choice Award — Australian Booksellers Association
2014 winner Australian Book Industry Awards (ABIA) — Booktopia People's Choice Award
2014 shortlisted Davitt Award — Best Adult Crime Novel
2014 winner Davitt Award — Best Debut Crime Novel
2014 winner Davitt Award — Readers' Choice Award
2014 shortlisted National Book Awards (UK) — International Author of the Year
2014 shortlisted Voss Literary Prize
2015 shortlisted International Dublin Literary Award
Film
In 2017, it was announced that Luca Guadagnino will direct a film adaptation starring Jennifer Lawrence.
References
External links
Burial Rites, Official Publisher Site
2013 Australian novels
Novels set in Iceland
2013 debut novels
Fiction set in 1829
Stillwater Dam may refer to:
Stillwater Dam (Maine), in Old Town, Penobscot County
Stillwater Dam (Pennsylvania), in Susquehanna County
Part of Stillwater Mill museum
Hammonton (formerly, Dredgertown and Dredgerville) is an unincorporated community in Yuba County, California. It is located south of Browns Valley, at an elevation of 131 feet (40 m).
A post office operated at Hammonton from 1906 to 1957. The original name was due to gold dredging which took place in the nearby Yuba Goldfields. The current name is in honor of W.P. Hammon, gold-dredging company official.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Populated places established in 1906
Unincorporated communities in Yuba County, California
1906 establishments in California
Etlingera muluensis is a monocotyledonous plant species described by Rosemary Margaret Smith. Etlingera muluensis is part of the genus Etlingera and the family Zingiberaceae. No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life.
References
muluensis
Taxa named by Rosemary Margaret Smith
The crested jayshrike or crested shrikejay (Platylophus galericulatus), formerly known as the crested jay (despite not being a true jay) is a species of bird found in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, and Thailand. It is the only member of the genus Platylophus and the family Platylophidae.
Although traditionally placed in the family Corvidae, its taxonomy has been under contention since the 2000s, as phylogenetic analyses indicate that it is not a true corvid, but rather a basal member of the Corvoidea radiation. Some authorities have suggested that it may belong to the helmetshrikes. In 2019, eBird and the Clements Checklist renamed the species the crested shrikejay and placed it in its own family, the Platylophidae, which was undescribed at the time. In 2021, the family Platylophidae was officially described, and in 2022 the International Ornithological Congress reclassified the species into Platylophidae. However, the family name Lophocittidae, originally described as Lophocitteae in 1855 by Johann Jakob Kaup, may have referred to the crested shrikejay, and if so would take precedence over Platylophidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Cited texts
Passeri
Birds of Malesia
crested jayshrike
crested jayshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The yellow-breasted flowerpecker (Prionochilus maculatus) is a species of bird in the family Dicaeidae. It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Singapore, and Thailand. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
yellow-breasted flowerpecker
Birds of Malesia
yellow-breasted flowerpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Alfonso Enrique Ponce Martínez (born 8 December 1971 in Chiva, Valencia, Spain), also known as Enrique Ponce, is a Spanish bullfighter.
Biography
They made their first public appearance on 10 August 1986 in the Plaza De Toros in Baeza (Jaén).
Some of their early debut appearances were on 9 March 1988, in Castellon with Curro Trillo and Jose Luis Torres when they were a Novillero.
They began in the Escuela Taurina de Valencia, until they went into the public in 1986 in Baeza.
They performed for 10 years and over 100 corridas. Ponce is the first torero in history to fight more than 2000 corridas. They passed this mark in Ronda on 4 September 2010.
Gorings and other injuries
Ponce has sustained significant injuries on several occasions. Whilst opening the Las Fallas festival in Valencia on 18 March 2014, by bullfighting a bull from the Victorinao del Río farm, they suffered a severe goring which broke their collarbone and several ribs. They were carried off the field by their assistant bullfighter Mariano de la Viña. In 2019 they were left seriously injured after being tossed in the air by a bull, leaving them with torn ligaments in their knee requiring surgery and a 10cm core injury to their buttock. Ponce sustained further injury to their buttock in 2020 when rammed from behind by a bull at El Puerto de Santa Maria.
Career information
Their debut without picadors in Baeza, Jaén province Spain.10 October 1986.
Their debut with picadors in Castellón de la Plana, Spain. 9 March 1988.
Valencia, 1990 with Joselito and El Litri.
Family and personal life
They got married on 25 October 1996 to Paloma Cuevas Díaz, which they describe as the biggest supporter in their life. In 2007 the couple made public they were going to have a daughter. They were born on 27 April 2008 and was named after their mother, Paloma. The couple gave birth to their second daughter on 9 January 2012, they were named Bianca.
In 2020 the couple announced they were filing for divorce, and Enrique was seen around the same time with their current partner, Ana Soria, who is 26 years younger than him.
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20100330010627/http://www.portaltaurino.com/matadores/enrique_ponce.htm (Spanish)
http://www.hola.com/biografias/enrique-ponce/ (Spanish)
See also
List of bullfighters
Bullfighting
Torero
References
Spanish bullfighters
1971 births
Living people
Feteer Meshaltet (, literally "cushioned pies" or "cushion-like pies"), often simply referred to as feteer (), is a flaky Egyptian layered pastry. It consists of many thin layers of dough and ghee and an optional filling. The fillings can be both sweet or savory. Sweet fillings may include cheese, coconut, mehalabiya, malban, nutella or chocolate, while savory fillings can be anything from ground beef to sausage or cheese. Plain feteer is usually soaked in honey and spread with jam or cheese or served with olives. Because of its versatility, feteer is often referred to as an Egyptian pizza.
Feteer meshaltet has become an important symbol of hospitality in Egypt. As such, it was served to American president Barack Obama during their visit to Egypt in June 2009. Egyptian families traditionally give it as gifts to visitors and friends. It is also commonly prepared for holidays, weddings, and other celebrations.
History
Feteer meshaltet dates back to ancient Egypt, where it was known as "feteer maltoot". It was left at temples as an offering to the gods.
See also
Manakish
References
External links
Feteer meshaltet recipe – Amira's Pantry
Feteer meshaltet recipe from Cairo Kitchen by Suzanne Zeidy
Egyptian cuisine
Arab desserts
Arab pastries
Maryland Route 214 (MD 214) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Maryland. Known for most of its length as Central Avenue, the highway runs from Southern Avenue and East Capitol Street at the District of Columbia boundary in Capitol Heights east to Beverley Beach. MD 214 connects the central Prince George's County suburbs of Capitol Heights, Seat Pleasant, Largo, and Bowie with the southern Anne Arundel County communities of Davidsonville and Edgewater and several beach villages along the Chesapeake Bay. The highway connects Interstate 95 (I-95)/I-495 (Capital Beltway) to FedExField, Six Flags America, and several stations of the Washington Metro's Blue and Silver lines, which the route parallels between Capitol Heights and Largo.
MD 214 was constructed as part of three state highways. MD 214 proper was constructed in the mid-1910s from Washington to Largo and extended east to what is now U.S. Route 301 (US 301) through the 1920s. MD 254 was built from MD 2 in Edgewater west to Davidsonville in the early to mid-1920s. MD 253 was constructed from the modern end of the highway southeast to Beverley Beach between the mid-1920s and early 1930s. The gap between Bowie and Davidsonville was filled in the mid-1930s; MD 214 was extended east across a new Patuxent River bridge and took over MD 254's route to Edgewater. In the late 1940s, MD 214 was relocated through Edgewater and extended along most of MD 253 to Beverley Beach. The state highway was widened in Prince George's County in the 1930s and again in the 1950s, and from US 301 to MD 2 in the 1940s and again in the 1950s. MD 214 was expanded to a divided highway at US 301 in the late 1950s, at its interchange with the Capital Beltway in the mid-1960s, and when it bypassed Capitol Heights in the late 1960s. The two-lane gaps between those three segments were filled in the 1980s and 1990s.
Route description
MD 214 begins at East Capitol Street's intersection with Southern Avenue at the District of Columbia boundary in Capitol Heights. This junction is a short distance southwest of the eastern corner of Washington and adjacent to the Capitol Heights station on Washington Metro's Blue and Silver lines. MD 214 heads east as a six-lane divided highway along the northern edge of the town of Capitol Heights and crosses Henson Creek. The highway begins to follow the southern city limit of Seat Pleasant at its intersection with unsigned MD 332A, which provides full access to MD 332 (Central Avenue). MD 214's name changes to Central Avenue where the eastbound lane of MD 332 (Old Central Avenue) merges into eastbound MD 214. Just east of MD 332, the highway intersects Addison Road and passes the eponymous Metro station.
MD 214 intersects Morgan Boulevard—which leads north to the namesake Metro station and FedExField, the home of the Washington Commanders—west of its partial cloverleaf interchange with I-95/I-495 (Capital Beltway) in Largo. East of the freeway, the state highway has a partial interchange with Harry S. Truman Drive, which is unsigned MD 202C and leads to Downtown Largo station, which is the eastern terminal of Washington Metro's Blue and Silver lines. The interchange includes a two-lane loop ramp from eastbound MD 214 to Harry S. Truman Drive; access from the north–south crossroad to westbound MD 214 is via a ramp that merges with one of the straight ramps at MD 214's partial cloverleaf interchange with MD 202 (Largo Road). There is no direct access from westbound MD 214 to southbound MD 202 or from northbound MD 202 to eastbound MD 214; those movements are made via Campus Way to the east of the interchange.
MD 214 continues east between the suburbs of Lake Arbor to the north and Kettering to the south. East of the Western Branch of the Patuxent River, the highway intersects MD 193, which heads north as Enterprise Road and south as Watkins Park Drive. MD 214 reduces to four lanes and passes along the southern edge of the Six Flags America amusement park. East of Church Road, the highway enters the southern fringe of the city of Bowie. At Devonwood Drive, which is unsigned MD 978C, MD 214 veers southeast and parallels Hall Road, which is MD 978A. The highways both intersect CSX's Popes Creek Subdivision rail line at-grade and cross Collington Branch before the roads reunite. MD 978B (Old Central Avenue) splits to the southeast ahead of MD 214's partial cloverleaf interchange with US 301 (Robert Crain Highway), then rejoins the main road east of the interchange. Access from eastbound MD 214 to southbound US 301 and from northbound US 301 to eastbound MD 214 is via Old Central Avenue. At the eastern junction with the old road, MD 214 narrows to a two-lane undivided road.
MD 214 intersects Queen Anne Bridge Road, which leads to the abandoned Queen Anne Bridge and the historic home Hazelwood, just west of its steel through truss bridge across the Patuxent River at the Prince George's–Anne Arundel county line. The highway meets the southern end of MD 424 (Davidsonville Road) in the Davidsonville Historic District. MD 214 intersects Riva Road and passes the historic home Summer Hill on its way to Edgewater. The highway gains a second lane westbound at Pike Ridge Road, which is unsigned MD 214A. The route gains a second eastbound lane and a median just west of its intersection with MD 2 (Solomons Island Road). MD 214 veers southeast and becomes undivided at Stepneys Lane and meets the southern end of MD 253 (Mayo Road) opposite South River High School, then drops to two lanes ahead of its intersection with MD 468 (Muddy Creek Road). MD 214 continues east through the community of Selby-on-the-Bay, where it passes the entrance to Camp Letts and the historic home Gresham. The highway passes through Mayo and its name changes to Beverley Avenue on the northern edge of Beverley Beach. MD 214 curves east onto Grande View Avenue and reaches its eastern terminus at a gate just east of Oakford Avenue.
MD 214 is a part of the National Highway System as an intermodal connector between the Addison Road Metro station and the Capital Beltway. The highway is a National Highway System principal arterial from Southern Avenue to the Addison Road Metro station, from the Capital Beltway to US 301, and from Vicksburg Road near Davidsonville to Shoreham Beach Road in Beverley Beach.
History
Central Avenue from Washington east to Edgewater was planned as one of the original state roads laid out by the Maryland State Roads Commission in 1909. This road followed most of MD 214's present alignment from Capitol Heights to Edgewater; the major deviation was between Hall Station on the Pennsylvania Railroad (now CSX's Popes Creek Subdivision) and Davidsonville, between which the highway was planned to follow Queen Anne Bridge Road and cross the Patuxent River at the hamlet of Queen Anne, also known as Hardesty. In Edgewater, the proposed road followed Pike Ridge Road and a small part of modern MD 2 northeast to end at Solomons Island Road, which briefly followed what is now MD 253, south of the South River. Central Avenue was paved as a concrete road from the District of Columbia through Capitol Heights to Hill Road east of Seat Pleasant in 1914. The highway was extended east as a concrete road to what is now MD 202 in Largo in 1915. The remainder of the planned state road was determined to not form a necessary part of the state road system in 1915. Central Avenue was extended east from Largo to near what is now MD 193 as a concrete road starting in 1919; the extension was finished by 1921. The highway was extended again to the Pennsylvania Railroad at Hall Station by 1923. MD 214 was extended east as a concrete road from Hall Station to the newly built Crain Highway, then part of MD 3, in 1929 and 1930.
The first portion of MD 214 in Anne Arundel County was built along Pike Ridge Road and the modern alignment as a gravel road named Davidsonville Road from Solomons Island Road (now MD 2) to Riva Road by 1921. This highway was extended west to Davidsonville in 1924 and 1925. Davidsonville Road was originally designated MD 254. The portion of MD 214 from MD 253 in Edgewater to Beverley Beach was constructed as part of MD 253. This highway was built as a gravel road from the modern MD 214–MD 253 intersection east to the entrance to Camp Letts by 1923. MD 253 was extended southeast to Selby-on-the-Bay in 1929 and 1930. The state highway reached MD 214's present terminus in Beverley Beach in 1932. MD 214 and MD 254 were connected with the construction of a gravel highway along mostly new alignment between MD 3 and MD 424 in 1934 and 1935. The project included the present steel through truss bridge across the Patuxent River. MD 214 was extended east along MD 254's course to MD 2 by 1939.
MD 214 was widened to from Washington to Largo by 1934. The highway was also proposed to be widened from from Largo to Crain Highway, from along the MD 254 section from Davidsonville to Edgewater, and from along MD 253 from Edgewater to Beverley Beach. The whole Prince George's County section of the highway was widened and resurfaced between 1936 and 1938. MD 214 was widened from and resurfaced from Edgewater to Davidsonville between 1942 and 1944. The highway was widened by from the east end of Capitol Heights to Addison Road in Seat Pleasant in 1948; that same year, the highway was widened to at the US 301 junction to provide extra capacity at that signalized intersection. MD 214 was relocated to its present alignment between Pike Ridge Road and MD 253 in 1949. The following year, MD 214 replaced MD 253 from Edgewater to its present eastern terminus in Beverley Beach. The state highway was widened and resurfaced from US 301 to the Patuxent River starting in 1952 and from the river to MD 2 starting in 1954.
Construction on the first divided highway segment of MD 214 began in 1957 and coincided with the expansion of US 301 to a divided highway between Upper Marlboro and Bowie. MD 214 was expanded to a divided highway from west of Hall Station to east of US 301; the project included interchange bridges and ramps between the two highways. The expansion of MD 214 and the US 301 interchange were completed in 1959; the bypassed portions of MD 214 became segments of MD 978. The next section of divided highway was built in 1964 when the highway's full cloverleaf interchange with the Capital Beltway was completed. The third segment of divided highway was created when MD 214 was relocated through Capitol Heights as an eastward extension of East Capitol Street to Addison Road in Seat Pleasant in 1969. Central Avenue through Capitol Heights was renumbered MD 332. MD 214 was expanded to a divided highway between Seat Pleasant and the Beltway in 1981 and from east of MD 202 to east of MD 193 in 1989. The gap between the Beltway and east of MD 202 was filled in 1993 and included the interchanges with MD 202 and Harry S. Truman Drive. The final gap in divided highway between Capitol Heights and US 301, from east of MD 193 to west of Hall Station, was filled in 1997. MD 214 was expanded to four lanes from west of MD 2 to east of MD 253 by 1999. MD 214's interchange with the Beltway was transformed from a full cloverleaf to a partial cloverleaf in two steps. The loop ramp from westbound MD 214 to the southbound Beltway was removed in 2003 and the one from the northbound Beltway to westbound MD 214 was taken out of service in 2008.
Junction list
Auxiliary routes
MD 214 has two existing auxiliary routes and one former one.
MD 214A is the designation for Pike Ridge Road, which runs from MD 214 northeast to MD 2 in Edgewater. Pike Ridge Road was part of MD 214 until the highway was relocated on the south side of Edgewater in 1949.
MD 214B is the designation for the unnamed connector between MD 214A and southbound MD 2 south of the junction of the latter two highways. MD 214B was constructed in 2003.
MD 214C was the designation for the unnamed L-shaped connector between Maryland Avenue and MD 2 north of the MD 2–MD 253 intersection in Edgewater. MD 214C was constructed in 2003 and transferred to Anne Arundel County maintenance in 2009.
See also
References
External links
MDRoads: MD 214
Maryland Roads - MD 214
214
Maryland Route 214
Maryland Route 214
Joaquim Serra (born Joaquim Maria Serra Sobrinho) was a Brazilian journalist, professor, politician and playwright. They were born in São Luís, Maranhão on July 20, 1838, and died in Rio de Janeiro on October 29, 1888. They were the patron of Chair 21 at the Brazilian Academy of Letters, by choice of José do Patrocínio.
Their father, Leonel Joaquim Serra, was active in politics and journalism, writing O Cometa (1835) and Crônica dos Cronistas (1838), in São Luís. Joaquim studied humanities in their native province. Between 1854 and 1858, they were in Rio de Janeiro for admission to the old Military School, a career they abandoned, returning to São Luís. Without further seeking a college degree, they embarked on a career in journalism and poetry.
Their first writings (1858–60) were published in Publicador Maranhense, directed by Sotero dos Reis. In 1862, with some friends, they founded the newspaper Coalizão, which supported the Liberal Party in politics. In 1867, they founded Semanário Maranhense. They were professor of Grammar and Literature at the Liceu Maranhense, provincial deputy (1864–67), and secretary of the Government of Paraíba (1864–67). In 1868, they took up residence in Rio de Janeiro. They were part of the newsrooms of Reforma, Gazeta de Notícias, Folha Nova and O País, and they served as director of the Official Gazette (1878–82).
They were deputy general (1878–81) for Maranhão, and a tenacious combatant in the abolitionist campaign against slavery. They were among the most vocal of Brazilian abolitionists, according to André Rebouças. They also wrote for the theater, as an author and translator. Their pieces, however, apparently never were printed. They adopted several pseudonyms: Amigo Ausente, Ignotus, Max Sedlitz, Pietro de Castellamare, Tragaldabas.
A few days after their burial, Machado de Assis praised him: “When the day of the abolitionist victory came, all of their brave battle companions gloriously mentioned the name of Joaquim Serra among the disciples of the first hour, among the most strenuous, strong and devoted.”
References
Brazilian writers
Ilongot may refer to:
Ilongot people, an ethnic group of Luzon, the Philippines
Ilongot language
See also
Ilongo people, an ethnic group of Mindanao and the Visayas, the Philippines
Ilongo language
Llongote, a mountain in Peru
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
Su Wen-ho (born 10 December 1945) is a Taiwanese sprinter. They competed in the 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1945 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Taiwanese male sprinters
Taiwanese male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Taiwan
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Asian Games bronze medalists for Chinese Taipei
Athletes (track and field) at the 1966 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1966 Asian Games
The thoracic spinal nerve 6 (T6) is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 6 (T6).
References
Spinal nerves
2018 is the second year in the history of Legacy Fighting Alliance, a mixed martial arts promotion based in the United States.
Event list
Legacy Fighting Alliance 30: Millender vs. Barnes
Legacy Fighting Alliance 30: Millender vs. Barnes was the thirty-first event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on January 12, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 31: Moffett vs. Le
Legacy Fighting Alliance 31: Moffett vs. Le was the thirty-second event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on January 19, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 32: Allen vs. Hernandez
Legacy Fighting Alliance 32: Allen vs. Hernandez was the thirty-third event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on January 26, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 33: Willis vs. Stewart
Legacy Fighting Alliance 33: Willis vs. Stewart was the thirty-fourth event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on February 16, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 34: Watley vs. Jenkins
Legacy Fighting Alliance 34: Watley vs. Jenkins was the thirty-fifth event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on March 2, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 35: Newell vs. Luque
Legacy Fighting Alliance 35: Newell vs. Luque was the thirty-sixth event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on March 9, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 36: Simón vs. Zani
Legacy Fighting Alliance 36: Simón vs. Zani was the thirty-seventh event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on March 23, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 37: Bice vs. Perez
Legacy Fighting Alliance 37: Bice vs. Perez was the thirty-eighth event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on April 20, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 38: Hughes vs. Greene
Legacy Fighting Alliance 38: Hughes vs. Greene was the thirty-ninth event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on April 27, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 39: Heinisch vs. Checco
Legacy Fighting Alliance 39: Heinisch vs. Checco was the fortieth event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on May 4, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 40: Aguilar vs. Le
Legacy Fighting Alliance 40: Aguilar vs. Le was the forty-first event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on May 25, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 41: Moisés vs. Peterson
Legacy Fighting Alliance 41: Moisés vs. Peterson was the forty-second event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on June 1, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 42: Krantz vs. Kayne
Legacy Fighting Alliance 42: Krantz vs. Kayne was the forty-third event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on June 8, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 43: Allen vs. Crowe
Legacy Fighting Alliance 43: Allen vs. Crowe was the forty-fourth event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on June 22, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 44: Frincu vs. Aguilera
Legacy Fighting Alliance 44: Frincu vs. Aguilera was the forty-fifth event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on June 29, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 45: Silva vs. Barnes
Legacy Fighting Alliance 45: Silva vs. Barnes was the forty-sixth event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on July 20, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 46: Nakashima vs. Stewart
Legacy Fighting Alliance 46: Nakashima vs. Stewart was the forty-seventh event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on July 27, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 47: Jackson vs. Jennerman
Legacy Fighting Alliance 47: Jackson vs. Jennerman was the forty-eighth event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on August 10, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 48: Stots vs. Lilley
Legacy Fighting Alliance 48: Stots vs. Lilley was the forty-ninth event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on September 7, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 49: Brady vs. Urbina
Legacy Fighting Alliance 49: Brady vs. Urbina was the fiftieth event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on September 14, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 50: Allen vs. Hiley
Legacy Fighting Alliance 50: Allen vs. Hiley was the fifty-first event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on September 21, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 51: Gibson vs. Erak
Legacy Fighting Alliance 51: Gibson vs. Erak was the fifty-second event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on September 28, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 52: Rodriguez vs. Gutierrez
Legacy Fighting Alliance 52: Rodriguez vs. Gutierrez was the fifty-third event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on October 19, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 53: Royval vs. Kenney
Legacy Fighting Alliance 53: Royval vs. Kenney was the fifty-fourth event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on November 9, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 54: Mazo vs. Yariwaki
Legacy Fighting Alliance 54: Mazo vs. Yariwaki was the fifty-fifth event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on November 16, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 55: Johns vs. Yanez
Legacy Fighting Alliance 55: Johns vs. Yanez was the fifty-sixth event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on November 30, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
Legacy Fighting Alliance 56: Hubbard vs. Mota
Legacy Fighting Alliance 56: Hubbard vs. Mota was the fifty-seventh event of Legacy Fighting Alliance and took place on December 7, 2018. It aired on AXS TV.
Results
References
External links
http://www.lfafighting.com
Legacy Fighting Alliance
2018 in mixed martial arts
Peitz (; Lower Sorbian Picnjo) is a town in the district of Spree-Neiße, in Lower Lusatia, Brandenburg, Germany.
Overview
It is situated 13 km northeast of Cottbus. Surrounded by freshwater lakes, it is well known for its fishing industry. The town was at one time on the border between the states of Brandenburg and Saxony, and was formerly protected by strong artillery fortifications built in brick, dating from the 16th century. Only small parts of these remain.
History
From 1815 to 1947, Peitz was part of the Prussian Province of Brandenburg. From 1952 to 1990, it was part of the Bezirk Cottbus of East Germany.
Demography
Noted People
Lilly Kann (British film character actor) - (Born Peitz, 1893). Though the BFI website claims they were born in Berlin.
References
External links
Populated places in Spree-Neiße
Peam Ro (, ) is a district located in Prey Veng Province, in south eastern Cambodia.
Peam Ro district is a district located in Prey Veng province, in south eastern Cambodia. It is bordered with Peam Chor and Preah Sdach districts to the south, Ba Phnum and Svay Antor districts to the east, and Krong Prey Veng and Kampong Leav to the north. Mekong River stretches along the border between PMR and LDK dividing the area into two different districts. Most communes in this low land district are clustered along the banks of the river, and therefore boats are an important form of transport during rainy season. PMR is subdivided into 8 (eight) communes further subdivided into 41 villages. The district covers 20,390 ha: 14,300 ha for cultivation, 2,846 ha for construction, 798 ha flooded forest, and 2,446 ha of other land.
Capital
The district capital is at Neak Leung town on National Highway 1.
Population
The district has a population of 63,534 (1998).
References
Districts of Prey Veng province
Chloanthes coccinea is a species of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae. It is a small, sprawling shrub with scarlet or deep pink flowers. It is endemic to Western Australia.
Description
Chloanthes coccinea is a small, spreading, much branched shrub with stems in cross-section more or less circular. The leaves are arranged opposite, narrowly linear, almost needle-shaped due to rolled margins, long and wide, stiff, leathery, distinctly blistered on upper surface, densely woolly on the underside. The bracts are long, pedicel long with branched hairs, calyx 5 lobed, long, moderately crowded with branched hairs and a blistered surface. The scarlet, red or deep pink corolla long, with branched hairs in the throat, four stamens, style long, glandular with soft hairs on the outside, mostly smooth on the inside. The larger anterior lobe has small hairs, the two upper lobes oblong to egg-shaped, rounded at the apex, long, wide at the base. The two lower lobes oblong to egg-shaped, long and wide at the base. The floral tube almost cylindrical near the base. Flowering occurs from July to November and the fruit roughly spherical, long and in diameter and soft hairs on the surface.
Taxonomy and naming
Chloanthes coccinea was first formally described in 1845 by Friedrich Gottlieb Bartling and the description was published in Plantae Preissianae. The specific epithet (coccinea) means "scarlet".
Distribution and habitat
This species grows in sand and gravel on sand plains and lateritic locations north of Albany.
References
coccinea
Flora of Western Australia
Lamiales of Australia
Plants described in 1845
Camel Caravan was a musical variety radio program, sponsored by Camel cigarettes, that aired on NBC Radio and CBS Radio from 1933 to 1954. Various vocalists, musicians and comedy acts were heard during the 21 years this show was on the air, including such talents as Benny Goodman, Georgia Gibbs, Anita O'Day and Vaughn Monroe.
It debuted December 7, 1933, on CBS as a showcase for Glen Gray and the Casa Loma Orchestra. Deane Janis was the vocalist and Walter O'Keefe supplied the comedy along with Stoopnagle and Budd. Broadcast on Tuesdays and Thursdays, it continued until June 25, 1936.
On June 30, 1936 the show was reformatted, featuring Nathaniel Shilkret and their orchestra and Benny Goodman and their swing band, with novelist Ruppert Hughes as Master of Ceremonies and vocalists Martha Tilton and Johnny Mercer. A Los Angeles Times picture caption notes that Gladys Swarthout was the guest artist on the initial broadcast. Shilkret left the show on September 22, 1936.
Jack Oakie's College was added to the hour on December 29, 1936. While this aired on Tuesdays on CBS until June 20, 1939, another Benny Goodman Camel Caravan (often subtitled The Camel Hot Club) was heard Saturdays on NBC during 1939. Eddie Cantor starred in another CBS Camel Caravan broadcast from March 28, 1938 to June 26, 1939.
The CBS show was taken over by Bob Crosby on June 27, 1939.
Others who starred on this series during the years were Xavier Cugat and their Orchestra, comedian Herb Shriner, Abbott and Costello, Jimmy Durante and Garry Moore (when it was known as Camel Comedy Caravan), Jack Carson, Mel Blanc, and Bob Hawk (emcee of the quiz program Thanks to the Yanks, later known as The Bob Hawk Show).
References
Listen to
External links
Jazz connections
The Brian Sisters
Jerry Haendiges Vintage Radio Logs: Camel Comedy Caravan
Violet Atkins Klein Papers, 1942-67
Camel Caravan - Complete Song List (by Flying Home - Swing Band)
24 episodes.
American variety radio programs
1930s American radio programs
1933 radio programme debuts
1954 radio programme endings
1940s American radio programs
1950s American radio programs
CBS Radio programs
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company
NBC radio programs
The Étang de Diane () is a coastal lagoon beside the Tyrrhenian Sea on the east coast of Haute-Corse department on the French island of Corsica.
The lagoon served as a port for the Ancient Greeks, and then for the Romans.
Today it is privately owned and mainly used for shellfish farming and fishing.
Location
The Étang de Diane is between the T10 coastal highway and the sea, just north of the village of Aléria.
It is divided between the communes of Aléria in the south and Tallone in the north.
The Tavignano river enters the sea just south of Aléria and the lagoon.
The Étang de Terrenzana is just north of the lagoon.
Physical
The Étang de Diane is separated from the sea by a marshy area and a lido (sand bar).
The lagoon has a channel to the sea running east from the north end.
The channel plays a key role in maintaining the quality of the environment and thus supporting aquaculture.
The main source of freshwater is the Ruisseau d'Arena, which enters the north end of the lagoon from the west.
This stream is long and merges with the Pompugliani, which runs through a marsh near its mouth.
The combined stream enters the lagoon near Diana Island.
Another tributary is the Pietroni, which defines the border between the communes of Aléria and Tallona and is long.
The Ronsignese enters the south of the lagoon and is long.
The lagoon has an area of , making it the third largest in Corsica.
The lagoon and surrounding marshes are included in a Zone naturelle d'intérêt écologique, faunistique et floristique (ZNIEFF) with an area of .
Diane is the deepest lagoon in Corsica, with maximum depth of .
The average depth is and average altitude is .
It holds an estimated of water.
The watershed covers .
The southern part of the lagoon was formed when an extensive geological movement caused a basin to form in Miocene sediments.
This accounts for the relative depth of the lagoon and its jagged shoreline.
The shallower northern part formed in the normal way for a lagoon, when a sandy lido isolated the body of water from the sea.
Ecology
According to the Ramsar Convention the lagoon is a wetland of international importance.
It is protected as a Zone naturelle d'intérêt écologique, faunistique et floristique (ZNIEFF).
It is owned by the Conservatoire du littoral.
The lagoon is not very saline, and has an interesting plant ecology.
There is luxurious Mediterranean maquis shrubland, a zone of salt-tolerant plants including samphires around the sea channel, a huge reed bed at the mouth of the Ruisseau d'Arena, and small wetlands with phragmites and rushes.
The banks of the lagoon hold a belt deep of sea grasses such as Cymodocea nodosa and Zostera species that are favorable to the growth of juvenile fish.
Algae grow in the lagoon when and where conditions allow.
On the banks the once predominant maquis is now a narrow belt of salicornia and inulas between the lagoon and vineyards or crops such as kiwifruit.
There are many invertebrates including the nationally protected fan mussel (Pinna nobilis).
The lagoon has 34 species of fish.
Common fish species include mullet, bass (Moronidae), sole, plaice and eel.
The fishing structures and maintenance of the sea channel support the fish nursery, and migrant fish are found throughout the lagoon.
The wetland is used by many species of rare or endangered birds for breeding or for resting while in passage.
Visitors include great cormorants, gulls, mallards and coots.
The fish attract a large population of great cormorants and laridae.
Small flocks of Eurasian wigeons use the lagoon as a resting place.
Shorebirds and large waders frequent the mudflats at the mouth of the Arena and the remote shores of the lagoon.
History
The name "Diana" is one of various place names in Corsica that indicates the long dominance of the Greeks.
Colonna de Cesari-Rocca in their 1916 Histoire de Corse says, "A few kilometers from Alalia, the Diana lagoon could shelter a commercial fleet and lend itself to the development of a war fleet. Thus a Greek Empire began to take shape in the western Mediterranean."
It seems that the Greek colonists from Phocaea came to the Étang de Diane in Corsica around the year 537 BC and from there some went on to Massala (Marseille).
Later the Phocaeans of Corsica and Massala fought together against the Carthaginians.
Ptolemy showed Dianæ portus on their maps.
The Romans later had a colony at Aleria served by the Port of Diane.
The Tour de Diane, a tower that the Genoese built at the end of the 16th century, stands at the entrance to the sea channel.
It was used to signal the approach of Barbary pirates and to protect the interior of the island.
Human activities
The Étang de Diane is not used much by the public, who usually only visit the coastal fringe.
The lagoon is privately owned by the Groupement Foncier Agricole de Diana (GFA), which leases it to companies who operate and manage it.
Three shellfish and aquaculture companies harvest oysters and mussels, sea bass, sea bream and other species.
Fishing is done with gillnets and fyke nets.
Five structures are spread over 80% of the lagoon.
The channel to the sea is managed by the Coopérative d'Utilisation de Matériel Agricole which removes sand each year to allow the waters of the lagoon to be renewed.
The lagoon does not suffer from eutrophication but lack of sanitation in some villas on the southwest edge causes microbiological problems.
There are wineries quite near the lagoon, and agriculture up to the edge of the surrounding cliffs.
Agriculture may contribute pollution of the lagoon with nitrogen, phosphorus, pesticides and heavy metals.
Notes
Citations
Sources
Lagoons of Haute-Corse
A continental shelf is a portion of a continent that is submerged under an area of relatively shallow water, known as a shelf sea. Much of these shelves were exposed by drops in sea level during glacial periods. The shelf surrounding an island is known as an insular shelf.
The continental margin, between the continental shelf and the abyssal plain, comprises a steep continental slope, surrounded by the flatter continental rise, in which sediment from the continent above cascades down the slope and accumulates as a pile of sediment at the base of the slope. Extending as far as 500 km (310 mi) from the slope, it consists of thick sediments deposited by turbidity currents from the shelf and slope. The continental rise's gradient is intermediate between the gradients of the slope and the shelf.
Under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, the name continental shelf was given a legal definition as the stretch of the seabed adjacent to the shores of a particular country to which it belongs.
Topography
The shelf usually ends at a point of increasing slope (called the shelf break). The sea floor below the break is the continental slope. Below the slope is the continental rise, which finally merges into the deep ocean floor, the abyssal plain. The continental shelf and the slope are part of the continental margin.
The shelf area is commonly subdivided into the inner continental shelf, mid continental shelf, and outer continental shelf, each with their specific geomorphology and marine biology.
The character of the shelf changes dramatically at the shelf break, where the continental slope begins. With a few exceptions, the shelf break is located at a remarkably uniform depth of roughly ; this is likely a hallmark of past ice ages, when sea level was lower than it is now.
The continental slope is much steeper than the shelf; the average angle is 3°, but it can be as low as 1° or as high as 10°. The slope is often cut with submarine canyons. The physical mechanisms involved in forming these canyons were not well understood until the 1960s.
Geographical distribution
Continental shelves cover an area of about 27 million km2 (10 million sq mi), equal to about 7% of the surface area of the oceans. The width of the continental shelf varies considerably – it is not uncommon for an area to have virtually no shelf at all, particularly where the forward edge of an advancing oceanic plate dives beneath continental crust in an offshore subduction zone such as off the coast of Chile or the west coast of Sumatra. The largest shelf – the Siberian Shelf in the Arctic Ocean – stretches to in width. The South China Sea lies over another extensive area of continental shelf, the Sunda Shelf, which joins Borneo, Sumatra, and Java to the Asian mainland. Other familiar bodies of water that overlie continental shelves are the North Sea and the Persian Gulf. The average width of continental shelves is about . The depth of the shelf also varies, but is generally limited to water shallower than . The slope of the shelf is usually quite low, on the order of 0.5°; vertical relief is also minimal, at less than .
Though the continental shelf is treated as a physiographic province of the ocean, it is not part of the deep ocean basin proper, but the flooded margins of the continent. Passive continental margins such as most of the Atlantic coasts have wide and shallow shelves, made of thick sedimentary wedges derived from long erosion of a neighboring continent. Active continental margins have narrow, relatively steep shelves, due to frequent earthquakes that move sediment to the deep sea.
Sediments
The continental shelves are covered by terrigenous sediments; that is, those derived from erosion of the continents. However, little of the sediment is from current rivers; some 60–70% of the sediment on the world's shelves is relict sediment, deposited during the last ice age, when sea level was 100–120 m lower than it is now.
Sediments usually become increasingly fine with distance from the coast; sand is limited to shallow, wave-agitated waters, while silt and clays are deposited in quieter, deep water far offshore. These accumulate every millennium, much faster than deep-sea pelagic sediments.
Shelf seas
Shelf seas refer to the ocean waters on the continental shelf. Their motion is controlled by the combined influences of the tides, wind-forcing and brackish water formed from river inflows (Regions of Freshwater Influence). These regions can often be biologically highly productive due to mixing caused by the shallower waters and the enhanced current speeds. Despite covering only about 8% of Earth's ocean surface area, shelf seas support 15-20% of global primary productivity.
In temperate continental shelf seas, as a consequence of the interplay between surface heating, lateral buoyancy gradients, due to river inflow, and turbulent mixing by the tides and to a lesser extent the wind, three distinctive oceanographic regimes are found. In shallower water with stronger tides and away from river mouths, tidal turbulence overcomes the stratifying influence of surface heating, and the water column remains well mixed for the entire seasonal cycle. In contrast, in deeper water, the surface heating wins out in summer, to produce seasonal stratification with a warm surface layer overlying the isolated deep water. The well mixed and seasonally stratifying regimes are separated by persistent features called tidal mixing fronts. A third regime which links estuaries to shelf seas, Regions of Freshwater Influence (ROFIs), is found where estuaries enter shelf seas, for example in the Liverpool Bay area of the Irish Sea and Rhine Outflow region of the North Sea. Here, stratification can vary on timescales from the semidiurnal tidal cycle through to the springs-neap tidal cycle due to a process known as "tidal straining".
While the North Sea and Irish Sea one of the better studied shelf seas, it is not necessarily representative of all shelf seas as there is a wide variety of behaviours to be found. Indian Ocean shelf seas are dominated by major river systems, including the Ganges and Indus rivers. The shelf seas around New Zealand are complicated because the submerged continent of Zealandia creates wide plateaus. Shelf seas around Antarctica and the shores of the Arctic Ocean are influenced by sea ice production and polynya.
There is evidence that changing wind, rainfall, and regional ocean currents in a warming ocean are having an effect on some shelf seas. Improved data collection via Integrated Ocean Observing Systems in shelf sea regions is making identification of these changes possible.
Biota
Continental shelves teem with life because of the sunlight available in shallow waters, in contrast to the biotic desert of the oceans' abyssal plain. The pelagic (water column) environment of the continental shelf constitutes the neritic zone, and the benthic (sea floor) province of the shelf is the sublittoral zone. The shelves make up less than ten percent of the ocean, and a rough estimate suggest that only about 30% of the continental shelf sea floor receives enough sunlight to allow benthic photosynthesis.
Though the shelves are usually fertile, if anoxic conditions prevail during sedimentation, the deposits may over geologic time become sources for fossil fuels.
Economic significance
The relatively accessible continental shelf is the best understood part of the ocean floor. Most commercial exploitation from the sea, such as metallic ore, non-metallic ore, and hydrocarbon extraction, takes place on the continental shelf.
Sovereign rights over their continental shelves down to a depth of or to a distance where the depth of waters admitted of resource exploitation were claimed by the marine nations that signed the Convention on the Continental Shelf drawn up by the UN's International Law Commission in 1958. This was partly superseded by the 1982 United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea. The 1982 convention created the exclusive economic zone, plus continental shelf rights for states with physical continental shelves that extend beyond that distance.
The legal definition of a continental shelf differs significantly from the geological definition. UNCLOS states that the shelf extends to the limit of the continental margin, but no less than and no more than from the baseline. Thus inhabited volcanic islands such as the Canaries, which have no actual continental shelf, nonetheless have a legal continental shelf, whereas uninhabitable islands have no shelf.
See also
Baseline
Continental island
Continental shelf of Russia
Continental shelf pump
Exclusive economic zone
International waters
Land bridge
Outer Continental Shelf
Passive margin
Region of freshwater influence
Territorial waters
Notes
References
External links
Office of Naval Research: Ocean Regions: Continental Margin & Rise
UNEP Shelf Programme
GEBCO world map 2014
Anna Cavnar, Accountability and the Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf: Deciding Who Owns the Ocean Floor
Aquatic ecology
Physical oceanography
Aquatic biomes
Coastal geography
Coastal and oceanic landforms
Law of the sea
Bodies of water
Oceanographical terminology
District 59 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes all of Jefferson and Wheeler counties and portions of Deschutes and Wasco counties. The current representative for the district is Republican Daniel Bonham of The Dalles.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time; therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Deschutes County, Oregon
Jefferson County, Oregon
Wasco County, Oregon
Wheeler County, Oregon
The 1972 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 41st staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Mayo entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were defeated in the Connacht Championship.
On 24 September 1972, Cork won the championship following a 3-11 to 2-11 defeat of Tyrone in the All-Ireland final. This was their fifth All-Ireland title overall and their first in three championship seasons.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-finals
Final
References
1972
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Inkerman is a census-designated place (CDP) in Jenkins Township, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,819 at the 2010 census.
Geography
Inkerman is located at . The elevation is above sea level.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , all land. It is located in the western portion of Jenkins Township. The CDP is situated northeast of Plains Township, northwest of Laflin, south of Pittston, and southeast of the Susquehanna River.
References
Census-designated places in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania
Census-designated places in Pennsylvania
The Greenough River is a river in the Mid West region of Western Australia.
Course
Greenough River has its headwaters near Woojalong Hills on the Yilgarn Plateau. It runs in a south-westerly direction through deep valleys for approximately , passing through the Waterloo Ranges before descending to the coastal plain. A few kilometres from the sea it is obstructed by dunes, and turns to the north-west, running along a dune swale parallel with the coast for about 35 km before finally discharging into the Indian Ocean at Cape Burney, about south of Geraldton, Western Australia.
The ten tributaries that contribute to the Greenough are Woojalong Brook, Woolbarka Brook, Bangemall Creek, Urawa River, Kolanadgy Gully, Nangerwalla Creek, Wooderarrung River, Wandin Creek, Kockatea Creek and Wicherina Brook.
The lower reaches of the Greenough are estuarine; how far upriver the estuary extends is not certain, but probably about 7 km to near Bootenal Springs. The river mouth is barred from the ocean by a sandbar that breaks only in periods of strong flow. Once open, it usually remains open for several months. The bar has now been reinforced with brushwood on the northern side, to force the bar to open only on the southern side, where the adjacent dune is more stable.
Evidence from wind gaps suggests that, thousands of years ago, the Greenough River turned to the north-west a few kilometres further from the coast than it does at present, at the present-day site of Walkaway. It then ran along the inside of a limestone ridge, following what is now the path of the Geraldton–Dongara railway line, to the vicinity of Rudds Gully. Both watercourses then flowed north to discharge into the Chapman River. Later, Rudds Gully cut its own path to the ocean, and the Greenough River discharged into it; and later still, the Greenough cut its own path through the limestone ridge at Walkaway, thus forming its own course.
The well-documented strong winds at Greenough have resulted in large mobile dune systems both to the south and north of the Greenough River mouth. Both are gradually moving northwards, and it is estimated that the southern dune will reach the mouth of the Greenough around 2045, at which point the Greenough may well become even more prone to flooding, or be forced to change its course.
Hydrology
The river is dry most of the time, but has a number of permanent pools such as Bootenal Spring. However, the entire basin is prone to severe flooding which has periodically devastated local farming communities. The worst on record occurred in 1888: over was flooded; the water was over deep south of Greenough; four people were drowned and many financially ruined; and ultimately the town of Greenough was abandoned.
Another flood occurred in 1953 with the river being reported as past the width of the floods in 1883. An wall of water washed down the river then steadily rose until it was high, completely covering the bridge near Walkaway, Western Australia. The 1953 flood was the biggest in 30 years.
The river water is eutrophic and sediment-laden, and there is evidence that this has affected the ecology of the area, with migratory wading birds no longer visiting the floodplain in numbers as large as previously.
History
The Greenough River was named on 8 April 1839 by the explorer George Grey, while on their second disastrous expedition along the Western Australian coast, after George Bellas Greenough, President of the Royal Geographical Society in 1837 at the time Grey's expedition was equipped.
References
Rivers of the Mid West region
The Bezimenne gas field natural gas field located on the continental shelf of the Black Sea. It was discovered in 1997 and developed by Chornomornaftogaz. It started commercial production in 1997. The total proven reserves of the Bezimenne gas field are around , and production is slated to be around in 2015.
References
Natural gas fields in Ukraine
Black Sea energy
Economy of Crimea
Chornomornaftogaz property
Shigeo Kaoku (加奥 成雄, born 29 July 1942) is a retired Japanese field hockey player, who won a bronze medal at the 1966 Asian Games. They competed at the 1964 and 1968 Olympics and finished in 7th and 13th place, respectively.
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
Japanese male field hockey players
Olympic field hockey players of Japan
Field hockey players at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Field hockey players at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in field hockey
Field hockey players at the 1966 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for Japan
Medalists at the 1966 Asian Games
Zarak Jahan Khan also spelled Zarak Jehan Khan (1 February 1967, Quetta) is a Pakistani Asian Games gold medallist in squash.
Their brothers are Hiddy Jahan and Zubair Jahan Khan also both successful professional squash players on the international circuit.
Their son is Shahjahan Khan, squash professional coached by their father on the international circuit.
Career
Khan represented Pakistan during the 1989 Men's World Team Squash Championships winning a silver medal and four years later they were part of the winning team at the 1993 Men's World Team Squash Championships.
They also won the individual title at the 1998 Asian Games in Bangkok, Thailand.
Their highest world Ranking was 8 (March 1994).
Right now (2011), they are working as coach at Cross Courts in Natick, MA. Previously they were at the Seattle Athletic Club, Seattle, United States.
References
Pakistani male squash players
1967 births
Living people
Asian Games gold medalists for Pakistan
People from Quetta District
Asian Games medalists in squash
Squash players at the 1998 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Levi Edgar Young (February 2, 1874 – December 13, 1963) was a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). They were one of the seven presidents of the Seventy from 1909 until their death. They have been associated with the release of the 1832 account of Joseph Smith's First Vision, which was previously not widely known. Aside from their service in the Seventy, Young served as president of various LDS Church missions. Young received a master's degree from Columbia University in history and was a professor of history at the University of Utah.
Biography
Levi Edgar Young was born in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory on February 2, 1874, the son of LDS Church general authority Seymour B. Young and Elizabeth Riter. and grandson of Joseph Young. Young was baptized into the LDS Church in 1812. Levi Young graduated from the University of Utah in 1895, and later became a faculty member at the same school, teaching history. They also taught at the Lowell school in Salt Lake City and LDS College. Later in their life, they studied at Harvard University with professors Albert Bushnell Hart, Edward Channing, and Ephraim Emerton. Young earned a M.A. in history from Columbia University in 1910. Young served as the dean of the Department of Western History at the University of Utah for ten years. In 1936 they were promoted to head of the political science department as well. They published more than 24 historical articles and five books, including Chief Episodes in the History of Utah and The Founding of Utah. Young was ordained as a Seventy on June 18, 1897.
From 1901 to 1904, Young served as a Mormon missionary in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland. For the last two years of their mission, they were the president of the Swiss–Austrian Mission of the church. Upon their return from Germany, they married Valeria Brinton in 1907 with whom they had three children. When George Reynolds died in 1909, Young was selected to take their place in the First Council of the Seventy. From 1913 to 1929 they served on the general board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association. They presided over the Temple Square Mission from 1922 to 1934. In 1939, they were appointed president of the New England States Mission, a position they held for three years.
In 1939, Young retired from the University of Utah. They presided over organizations such as the Pacific Coast branch of the American Historical Association, the Utah State Historical Association, and the Sons of the American Revolution. They were also a member of various organizations including the American Ethnological Society, the American Academy of Political and Social Science, the Sigma Chi Fraternity, the Authors Club of London, and the Royal Society of Edinburgh. Young became the senior president of the Seventy of the LDS Church in 1941 and continued in that position until their death. They died in Salt Lake City, Utah in 1963 at the age of eighty-nine. After their death, the Relief Society Magazine stated, "President Young has left a resplendent heritage of faith and good works to their family and to the Church." Of their life spent in both clerical and academic pursuits, J. Golden Kimball, in good humor, said of Young: "That little shrimp. They go around here carrying water on both shoulders, and he's afraid to lean one way or the other for fear of spilling some of it."
First vision account
Young may have publicized the existence of the 1832 account of Joseph Smith's first vision, a major historical document in the LDS Church. The 1832 account was the first account and the only one written in Smith's handwriting. It differs from the other accounts because it emphasizes personal forgiveness and does not mention seeing God the Father. Additionally, it does not mention being bound by Satan or Smith's mission of restoration.
While recounting an interview with Young after their death, LaMar Petersen, an amateur Mormon historian, mentioned that Young had recounted of a "strange account" of the first vision that was kept, separate from its original book from which it had been excised, in the Church historian's office. That office was Joseph Fielding Smith's, who at the time of the recounting had ascended to the position president in the LDS Church. Smith denied access to the original documents to Jerald and Sandra Tanner, a pair prominent of Mormon critics and historians. However, they granted access to Paul R. Cheeseman, a graduate student at Brigham Young University. The Joseph Smith Papers project confirms that the pages related to the account were later returned to the original letterbook.
References
External links
Levi Edgar Young's diary from at L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Brigham Young University
Levi Edgar Young Papers. MSS 561; 20th Century Western and Mormon Americana Manuscripts; L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Harold B. Lee Library, Brigham Young University.
Levi Edgar Young Letter. MSS 3929; Levi Edgar Young letters; 20th Century Western and Mormon Manuscripts; L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Harold B. Lee Library, Brigham Young University.
1874 births
1963 deaths
20th-century Mormon missionaries
American Mormon missionaries in Austria
American Mormon missionaries in Germany
American Mormon missionaries in Switzerland
American general authorities (LDS Church)
Columbia University alumni
Harvard University alumni
Latter Day Saints from New York (state)
Latter Day Saints from Utah
Mission presidents (LDS Church)
People from Salt Lake City
Presidents of the Seventy (LDS Church)
Richards–Young family
University of Utah alumni
University of Utah faculty
Harold B. Lee Library-related Americana articles
The Lady of Grace Cathedral () also called Cathedral of Batafá, is a religious building that is affiliated with the Catholic Church and is located in the town of Bafatá in the region of Batafá one of those that make the African country of Guinea-Bissau. This is one of the two cathedrals that exist in that nation being the other dedicated to Our Lady of the Candles found in the capital, Bissau. The building more than a cathedral is more like a parish church of Portuguese colonial style.
The name of Our Lady of Grace (Nossa Senhora da Graça) for cathedrals is common in several of the former Portuguese colonies, examples of this Cathedral of Our Lady of Grace in São Tomé and Príncipe and the pro-cathedral of Our Lady of Grace in Cape Verde.
It is a temple that follows the Roman or Latin rite and serves as the seat of the diocese of Batafá (Dioecesis Bafatanus) covering more than half the country and was created in 2001 by the Bull "Cum ad fovendam" by Pope John Paul II.
See also
Catholic Church in Guinea-Bissau
Our Lady of Grace Cathedral, São Tomé
References
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Guinea-Bissau
Bafatá
Elections in Virginia for the 2010 election cycle held on Tuesday, November 2, 2010. Primary elections were held on June 8.
City and town elections were held on May 4. Three special elections were also held:
June 15, 2010: House of Delegates 26th District
June 15, 2010: House of Delegates 27th District
July 13, 2010: City of Portsmouth
Federal
United States House
All 11 Virginia seats in the United States House of Representatives are up for election in 2010.
State
State House of Delegates
Two seats in the Virginia House of Delegates were up in special elections in 2010. Regular delegate elections are held every two years; the last election took place on November 3, 2009.
Judicial positions
One Virginia Supreme Court seat will be up for election in 2010, due to retirement. In Virginia, Supreme Court Justices can be chosen by the Governor, but they must be elected by the state legislature.
Virginia judicial elections, 2010 at Judgepedia
Ballot measures
At least three measures have been certified for the November 2, 2010 statewide election:
Question 1 - Exempt elderly from property taxes
Question 2 - Exempt veterans from property taxes
Question 3 - Increase the permissible size of the Revenue Stabilization Fund
Virginia 2010 ballot measures at Ballotpedia
Local
Many elections for county offices will also be held on November 2, 2010.
External links
Virginia State Board of Elections
Candidates for Virginia U.S. Congress at Project Vote Smart
Virginia Polls at Pollster.com
Virginia Congressional Races in 2010 campaign finance data from OpenSecrets
Virginia 2010 campaign finance data from Follow the Money
Virginia
Rattigan is a surname. Notable people with this surname include:
Alf Rattigan (1911–2000), Australian public servant
Benedict Rattigan (born 1965), English writer and filmmaker
Billie Rattigan (1932–2019), Irish footballer
Colin Rattigan (born 1961), British athlete
Cyril Rattigan (1884–1916), English cricketer and British Army officer
Errol Rattigan (born 1956), Jamaican cricketer
Henry Adolphus Rattigan (1864–1920), British judge
Joseph A. Rattigan (1920–2007), American politician
Kelly Rattigan, Australian architect
Leon Rattigan (born 1987), British wrestler
Nick Rattigan (born 1992), American musician
Terence Rattigan (1911–1977), British playwright and screenwriter
Thomas Rattigan (born 1937), American business person
William Henry Rattigan (1842–1904), British politician
Yana Rattigan (born 1987), British wrestler
See also
Ratigan
Tillandsia lindenii is a species in the genus Tillandsia. It is endemic to Peru.
Cultivars
Tillandsia 'Caeca'
Tillandsia 'Duvaliana'
Tillandsia 'Duvalii'
Tillandsia 'Emilie'
Tillandsia 'Pink Plume'
References
lindenii
Endemic flora of Peru
Plants described in 1868
Native Speaker is the debut studio album by the Canadian experimental pop/art rock band Braids, released by Flemish Eye/Kanine Records on January 18, 2011 (April 11 in the UK) to critical acclaim.
Background
The band started working on Native Speaker in Montreal in September 2009. The recording of the album was completed during the winter of 2010. After negotiating with labels in the United States and Canada, Braids announced Chad Vangaalen's label Flemish Eye would distribute Native Speaker in Canada and Kanine Records would release the album in the United States. According to the band's Q interview, it cost less than $500 to make. "We just had to rent drum mics and cover the mastering. I guess we only have to sell about 100 copies to break even!", Raphaelle Standell-Preston remarked.
The album was self-produced, although not due to its low budget. "It was primarily for creative control. None of us had recorded before so it took a really long time to get it right – about nine months", the singer explained.
Standell-Preston, the chief lyricist, said the album describes "the changes in their life from Calgary schoolgirl to Montreal musician, and the discovery of sexuality and relationships along the way". They also remarked in 2013 that "everything besides the title track is so angry. I was so upset and felt like the world was really unfair".
Musical style and influences
The band's way of mixing pop and avant-garde music met with much critical acclaim. "Braids' uniquely feminine experimental pop is largely a success", argued Allmusic, mentioning Animal Collective, Björk, Karen O, Cocteau Twins, Siouxsie Sioux, and Yeasayer as possible influences. According to Spin, the album "pairs glimmering, pastoral post-rock with foul-mouthed lyrics", making this girl's psyche preparation a fascinating thing to watch. "This is a band that is all about abstraction, experimentation and, most important, obfuscation", a Prefix reviewer remarked. Ian Cohen of Pitchfork noted the peculiarity of the quartet's brand of dream pop, saying, "There are dreams, there are nightmares, and then there are those night visions that don't quite qualify as either, the unnerving images and dialogues that rattle about your head in your waking life for the rest of the day and reveal strange, forgotten details every time you pick at them. That's the kind of stuff we need to be talking about if we're going to call Braids 'dream-pop' as so many others have".
As Rolling Stone put it, the band's debut "takes the beatific psychedelic washes of Animal Collective back to the testy clatter of punk-folk wild women the Raincoats — an at times nutty, at times serene, mash-up of pastoral guitar babble, minimal orchestral drones, loopy chorale vocals and porous, roiling rhythms". Asked if the band was sick of the Animal Collective comparisons, Raphaelle Standell-Preston said: "Not at all. We were 17 when we first discovered the record Feels. We would go to parties and end up just sitting in the car and listening to Feels instead of going inside". Explaining the Sylvia Plath reference in the track "Plath Heart", the singer said: "My mother, who's a writer, did their thesis on The Bell Jar, so that's a novel I grew up with. Plath was a big influence on me when I was younger and feeling a bit morose and dark. As I'm getting older I'm like Jesus, Sylvia, lighten up". The title of the song "Lammicken" was taken from Tess of the d'Urbervilles, and the song's lyrics were inspired by the Old English meaning of the word, "weakness of a lamb".
Release
Native Speaker peaked at No. 33 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart and at No. 13 on the Billboard Dance/Electronic Songs chart.
Critical reception
Upon its release, the album received generally good reviews from music critics. Aggregating website AnyDecentMusic? reported a score of 7.4 based on 19 professional reviews.
Prefix magazine described Native Speaker as the "beguiling, bewitching debut album" calling it "this young year's early champion, an engrossing album that bears the very real possibility that you won't 'get it' even after a dozen listens". "What's most astonishing is the fact that Native Speaker is self-produced, and that it's so self-assured," argued Andrew Winistorfer. "You'll probably listen to more immediate albums this year, but few will have the down-the-rabbit-hole quality that marks Native Speaker for success". "Rarely do teenage kicks result in such eloquent, nuanced records as this", wrote Q reviewer Dan Stubbs, pointing out the way "the band's youth shines through the lyrics". "The quartet's bracing debut... is almost Inception-like in its warping of reality, equally tactile and dissolute, cerebral and surreal and ultimately haunting for its refusal to answer questions the same way twice," according to Pitchfork.
Credits
Raphaelle Standell-Preston – guitar, lead vocals
Katie Lee – keyboard, vocals
Austin Tufts – drums, vocals
Taylor Smith – bass, guitar, samples, percussion, vocals
Sebastian Cowan – mixing
Harris Newman – mastering
Marc Rimmer – design, visuals
Track listing
References
2011 debut albums
Braids (band) albums
Kanine Records albums
Old Catalonia (Catalan: Catalunya Vella) was a legal concept created by Catalan jurist in the second quarter of the thirteenth century to refer to the territories of Catalonia containing remensa peasants from the Diocese of Girona, the eastern half of the Diocese of Vic and the portion of the Archdiocese of Barcelona east of the Llobregat river.
In the 9th and 10th centuries these territories, like all ancient or Marca Hispanica had been an area of relative freedom for the peasants. But in the 11th century, as a result of the feudal revolution and the weakening of the noble auctoritas, the nobles began to impose burdensome evil customs on the peasants. The situation worsened in the 12th century, when the nobility used their powers to attach the peasants to their lands, to keep them from fleeing to the new southern lands conquered by Ramon Berenguer IV, and by such attachment turning them into remensa peasants.
At the end of the thirteenth century, jurist and Canon Pere Albert wrote theirs , a treatise on customary law that collected in one place all the procedures and customs currently in force in Catalonia. In order to define the territories where the remensa peasants were, Albert created the concept of Old Catalonia, defining it as Diocese of Girona, half the Archdiocese of Barcelona east of the Llobregat, and most of the Diocese of Vic. Old Catalonia was created in opposition to the notion of , which according to Albert had already received this name in the time of Ramon Berenguer IV in the 12th century. The boundary between Old and New Catalunya was marked by the Llobregat River. Albert discussed the legal situation of the peasants in point 35 of their Commemorations, and differentiated between peasants that were in Old Catalonia, and those in New Catalonia.
In the 15th century, after the War of the Remensas and the Catalan Civil War, King Ferdinand II of Aragon issued the 1486 decree Sentencia Arbitral de Guadalupe, which liberated the remensa peasants from the evil customs, thus rendering the concept of Old Catalonia obsolete.
Early modern historiography
The name Catalunya Vella was picked up by later historians of the early modern period during the 16th and 17th century, such as , , , and ; who found that the Counties of Roussillon, Cerdanya, Urgell, Pallars, and Ribagorza were not contained either in or in Old Catalonia by . Albert's imprecision on this point could be in response to the fact that in none of these territories were the Usages of Barcelona in effect, because these they were not under the jurisdiction of the counts of Barcelona. To fill in this gap, and merely for geographic purposes, historians such as Pere Gil created the name "Catalunya Novísima" (Very New Catalonia) to refer to the five counties.
Recent historiography
The concept of Old Catalonia has simultaneously been used to refer, erroneously, to all of the Catalan counties before the conquest of New Catalonia. In addition, this term has been used to refer to wet Catalonia, which excludes, however, the Mediterranean coastal area. The circumstance is that part of Old Catalonia roughly corresponds to the dialectal area of central Catalan, which extends as far south as the plain of Tarragona.
See also
Usages of Barcelona
Notes
References
Catalonia
Medieval Spain
Academic and Professional Background (1982-1992)
After graduating with honors from Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service and completing their juris doctor degree at Georgetown University Law Center in Washington, D.C., Mr. Rodríguez-Ema returned to Puerto Rico to work as an associate in the corporate and banking division of a major law firm in San Juan. They concentrated and focused their early legal career on the legal aspects of complex financial transactions for the law firm's banking clients. They were later recruited by Drexel Burnham Lambert-Puerto Rico as a Vice President, later Senior Vice President, of their Corporate and Municipal Finance division. They were responsible for structuring and executing a variety of bond and note issues for the Government of Puerto Rico, its several dependencies, as well as for Drexel's private clients. In 1989 Mr. Rodríguez-Ema was recruited by Chase Manhattan Bank in Puerto Rico to manage the investment banking unit of its Chase Securities Puerto Rico subsidiary, thus becoming a member of Chase's Management Committee in Puerto Rico. After the November 1992 election, the governor-elect of Puerto Rico asked them to join their fiscal and financial team as President of the Government Development Bank for Puerto Rico (GDB). The GDB (www.gdb-pur.com) is the bank and fiscal agent for the government of Puerto Rico. As such, it is chartered with the coordination, structure, execution and placement of every single financing, bond or note issue for all government agencies, government-owned corporations and its multiple dependencies, including all 78 municipalities throughout Puerto Rico.
Solid and Effective Management, Leadership and Decision-Making Skills (1993-1998)
As President of the GDB, Mr. Rodriguez-Ema managed a highly technical and sophisticated 400-employee institution through a 10-member executive committee of senior officers accountable to a Board of Directors that met monthly. They also presided over all the GDB's subsidiaries (including a housing finance subsidiary and a tourism development subsidiary-Tourism Development Fund). They participated in several high-profile government Boards constantly creating and building consensus among private institutions and public stakeholders for important government-sponsored economic development policies. They were also Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Economic Development Bank for Puerto Rico (another government-owned financial institution) and Chairman of the government's Privatization Committee. As head of the Privatization Committee they were in charge of the implementation of the government's privatization policy, which entailed the disposition and sale of several major government-owned assets and dependencies, including, the Puerto Rico Telephone Company, the Puerto Rico Maritime Shipping Authority (Navieras) and several government-owned hotel properties, centers for diagnostic treatment and hospitals. During this time, they were responsible for the promotion, design and financing of the new Museo de Arte de Puerto Rico and the new sports facility Coliseo de Puerto Rico in San Juan, among many other major projects. They were the first Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Museo de Arte de Puerto Rico.
Private Sector Management (1999-2009)
After leaving government in 1998, Mr. Rodríguez-Ema joined the largest family-owned real estate development company in Puerto Rico as Director of New Business Development. Thus, they undertook the planning and execution of several major projects for the companies, including the purchase of real estate in the mainland for the planned expansion of certain family businesses. As part of the senior advisors to the Chairman they had daily meetings negotiating and building consensus among peers on the some management, operational and legal issues related to development projects, which included the construction, expansion, financing and marketing of shopping centers, office buildings and condominiums; also the purchase, design and development of raw land acquisitions, as well as dealing with the marketing and management of the second largest dairy company and processing operation in Puerto Rico.
Challenging Times Require Skills and Leadership (2009-2012)
In 2009, Mr. Rodríguez-Ema was asked by the newly elected Governor Luis Fortuño to leave the private sector and come join their government as Chief of Staff. Puerto Rico's dire economic situation and persistent recession required leaders with strong business and economic background, excellent management and organizational skills who were able to motivate, energize and drive the Governor's cabinet in the implementation and quick execution of significant and complex fiscal, financial and social policies. As the Governor's Chief of Staff, Mr. Rodríguez-Ema was in charge of the immediate supervision of all government agencies (over 120 of them), the organization, drafting and execution of the voluminous and necessary legislation to deal with the economic crisis, the coordination of the state budget (over $28 Billion), as well as actively ushering and lobbying all budgetary and economic crisis legislation through the House and Senate. They were also the Governor's main spokesperson on all relevant issues as well as liaison with the House Speaker and Senate President.
The government downsizing and the major cuts in contracts and services in order to reduce a staggering $3 Billion deficit and avoid a bond-rating downgrade which could prove catastrophic for the economy were serious and momentous initiatives of historical proportions.
In December 2012 Mr. Rodriguez-Ema formed their own strategic business consulting firm called Proventus, llc, providing clients with valuable insight and business and legal advise into the ever changing and challenging business cycles in Puerto Rico.
References
Living people
Chiefs of Staff of Puerto Rico
Georgetown University Law Center alumni
Presidents of the Puerto Rico Government Development Bank
Year of birth missing (living people)
In the Polynesian mythology of Tonga, Limu is the primeval Tongan god of creation, whose union with the goddess Kele produced the goddess Touiafutuna, from whom all creation descends.
See also
Tongan mythology
References
Tongan deities
Creator gods
The Pioneer Party ( ), also known as the Leadership Party, is a civil political party in Egypt. The party was founded by former members of the Muslim Brotherhood. The party has decided to exclude former members of the National Democratic Party. The party joined in a coalition with the Wasat Party in Alexandria during the parliamentary elections held in 2011 and 2012.
References
2011 establishments in Egypt
Political parties in Egypt
Political parties established in 2011
Qasemi (, also Romanized as Qāsemī) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 466, in 115 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
is a Japanese light novel author and screenwriter. Their most notable series is My Youth Romantic Comedy Is Wrong, As I Expected.  They are often referred to as Watarin (わたりん) by their fan base.
Overview
Watari was born on 24 January 1987 in Chiba, Chiba Prefecture. They graduated from high school in March 2005 before attending and graduating from the Information and Communication Faculty of Meiji University in March 2009.
They debuted with their novel Ayakashigatari (あやかしがたり) in May of the same year, which won the 3rd Shogakukan Gagaga Bunko Light Novel Award.
In March 2011, the first volume of their most known work, My Youth Romantic Comedy Is Wrong, As I Expected, was published by Gagaga Bunko. This series received its first anime adaptation in April 2013, followed by a continuation in April 2015 before concluding with a final season in 2020.
Their next work, Kazu to Kinka no Qualidea (クズと金貨のクオリディア) was published in January 2015. This novel alongside its sequels written by Kōshi Tachibana and Sō Sagara were adapted into an anime in July 2016. Dōdemo Ii Sekai Nante: Qualidea Code, a further novel written by Watari, was released during the airing of the anime.
Watari's next major project, Girlish Number, started as a serial novel in March 2016 and ended in July 2017. They also wrote the manga and the anime adaptation in 2016.
Personal life
They currently live in their hometown of Chiba. During high school, Watari joined a volleyball club but after witnessing the social hierarchy found in many clubs, they quit and from that point on decided to forgo high school clubs and instead work part-time in local family restaurants and Convenience stores. Due to this, they made little friends and lived a modest high school life.
When their debut work Ayakashigatari won the 3rd Shogkaukan Gagaga Bunko Light Novel Award in 2009, a judge for the award, Romeo Tanaka, described Watari's style as "well-structured, well-thought-out, well-written, and sharp-witted," and the work itself as "masterful writing and highly polished."
Watari states that the reason for becoming a light novelist was fueled by difficulties in finding job at the time; when they heard of the Shogkaukan Light Novel Awards, they felt like they could do it and that they were interested in the publishing world. Currently, they work as an office worker during the day and writes during the night, and has no plans in becoming a full-time writer.
 They are close friends with fellow light novelists Sō Sagara and Kōshi Tachibana; together, they formed the writing group Speakeasy. Watari and Sagara co-authored the light novel Kazu to Kinka no Qualidea; the main hero, Yuu Chigusa, is modeled after Watari. Watari is also close friends with voice actors Takuya Eguchi and Chado Horii, and has participated in their event Eguwatachado and DVD.
Works
Novels
Ayakashigatari series
My Youth Romantic Comedy Is Wrong, As I Expected series
Qualidea Code series
Girlish Number series
Standalone novels
Get Up! Get Live!, (February 2020) (Published by Bungeishunjū, illustrated by Yura, ISBN 9784163911687)
Short story anthologies
Haganai Universe (Bocchi wa Henkakyū ga Nagerarenai) (November 2011) (Published by MFBunko J, original story by Yomi Hirasaka, illustrated by Ponkan8, ISBN 9784040664682)
My Youth Romantic Comedy Is Wrong, As I Expected: Anthology 1, Yukino Side (Kakushite, Kare no Mae ni Aratana Teki wa Arawareru) (March 2020) (Published by Gagaga Bunko, ISBN 9784094518351)
My Youth Romantic Comedy Is Wrong, As I Expected: Anthology 2, On Parade (Yahari Imōto Saerebaii) (March 2020) (Published by Gagaga Bunko, ISBN 9784094518368)
Anime
My Teen Romantic Comedy SNAFU (2013) – Original work, screenwriter (OVA)
My Teen Romantic Comedy SNAFU Too! (2015) – Original work
Qualidea Code (2016) – Original work, screenwriter (Episodes 3, 8, 9, 11)
Girlish Number (2016) – Original draft, series composition, screenwriter (Episodes 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 11, 12)
Domestic Girlfriend (2019) – Screenwriter (Episodes 5, 7, 9)
Get Up! Get Live! (2020) – Story
My Teen Romantic Comedy SNAFU Climax (2020) – Original work
The Saint's Magic Power is Omnipotent (2021) – Series composition, screenwriter (Episodes 2, 7)
Parallel World Pharmacy (2022) – Series composition
The Magical Revolution of the Reincarnated Princess and the Genius Young Lady (2023) – Series composition
The Saint's Magic Power is Omnipotent 2nd Season (2023) – Series composition
References
External links
1987 births
Anime screenwriters
Light novelists
Living people
Meiji University alumni
People from Chiba (city)
The Jensen Project is the second in the Family Movie Night TV movies series produced by Procter & Gamble and Walmart aimed at families.
The movie featured embedded marketing for the Kinect, a motion sensor add-on to the Xbox 360, several months before the product's launch. The movie featured the Moller Skycar, a vertical take-off and landing aircraft or "flying car".
Plot
After a 16-year absence from the Jensen Project, a secret community of scientists conducting advanced underground experiments to resolve the world's problems, Matt (Brady Smith) and Claire Thompson (Kellie Martin) are asked to come back and stop Edwin Jensen (David Andrews) from using nanobots to take over other people. To create these nanobots, Edwin needs a molecular assembler, which they steal. With the help of Kendrick James (LeVar Burton), Ginny (Mylène Dinh-Robic) and Ingrid Jensen (Patricia Richardson), Matt and Claire use chemical traces of gold and silicon to track down the location of the assembler. They are misled, but Brody (Justin Kelly), and their new friend from the Project, Samantha (Alyssa Diaz), manage to trace Edwin through a voice tracker and retrieve the molecular assembler. Brody is caught and implanted with nanobots. Edwin threatens to kill Brody with the nanobots if the molecular assembler is not returned to him. The Project members mount a successful mission to destroy Edwin's laboratory and capture them before they can execute their plan to harm others with the nanobots.
Cast
Kellie Martin as Claire Thompson
Brady Smith as Dr. Matt Thompson
LeVar Burton as Kendrick
Justin Kelly as Brody Thompson
Alyssa Diaz as Samantha "Sam" Cortez
Patricia Richardson as Ingrid Jensen
David Andrews as Edwin Jensen
Production
Procter & Gamble and Walmart started out with plans for three movies in the Family Movie Night. By early 2010, NBC was brought in as the broadcaster. The telfilm was filmed in Toronto by Muse Entertainment Enterprises and Procter & Gamble Productions starting in late February 2010.
Reception
Ratings for the July 16, 2010 airing on NBC were disappointing with fewer than 4 million viewers while being one of two new programs that night, and came in third for the night. The film was widely panned by critics. Los Angeles Times reviewer called the movie "super-bad", criticizing the dialog and the embedded marketing of Procter & Gamble and Walmart products, but "it's almost worth watching for its 'Mystery Science Theater 3000' potential." Brian Lowry of Variety stated that the "Shoddy looking and saddled with a story that makes most Disney Channel fare look like Masterpiece Theater, this inane adventure is most notable for some of the clunkiest product-placement ever." At the IMDB, as of September 19, 2018, the movie received a weighted average vote of 4.9 out of 10 with 380 user voting.
See also
Product placement
Secrets of the Mountain
References
External links
Walmart
Television films as pilots
2010 television films
2010 films
NBC networks original films
American science fiction television films
Canadian science fiction television films
English-language Canadian films
Films shot in Toronto
2010 science fiction films
Films directed by Douglas Barr
2010s Canadian films
2010s American films
George Fuller (November 7, 1802 – November 24, 1888) was an American newspaperman and politician who served briefly as a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania from 1844 to 1845.
Biography
George Fuller was born in Norwich, Connecticut. They later moved to Montrose, Pennsylvania and engaged in mercantile pursuits.
Fuller was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-eighth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Almon H. Read.
They were editor of the Montrose Democrat, the Montrose Gazette, and the Susquehanna Register.
They served as treasurer of Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania. They were a member of the Republican Party during the last 25 years of their life. They died in Scranton, Pennsylvania in 1888 and was buried in Montrose.
Sources
The Political Graveyard
1802 births
1888 deaths
People from Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania Republicans
19th-century American politicians
Arif Aiman bin Mohd Hanapi (born 4 May 2002) is a Malaysian professional footballer who plays as a forward or right midfielder for Malaysia Super League club Johor Darul Ta'zim and the Malaysia national team.
Aiman began their senior club with Johor Darul Takzim after playing for the youth club few years back.  They are best known for their pace, ball control and hardworking on the field and once mentioned as "Malaysian Messi". In 2021, they won the Most Valuable Player (MVP) in the 2021 National Football Awards ceremony and create the nation's history after become the youngest player (19 years old) ever chosen as MVP, surpassing teammate Safawi Rasid, who was 21 when they were selected as MVP in 2018. They were also named Best Striker and Most Promising Player in that year's awards.
Club career
Youth career
Arif Aiman's talent was discovered during the Mykids programme in 2011/12, and they later joined the squad that won IberCup Costa Del Sol in 2015. They then decided to leave AMD at the end of 2018 to join JDT Academy in order to increase their playing opportunities. After playing for JDT in the Youth and President's Cups, they caught the attention of Malaysia U18 squad coach, Bojan Hodak, in early 2019.
Arif Aiman is a product of the National Football Development Programme of Malaysia (NFDP) from 2015 to 2017 and then Johor Darul Ta'zim Academy. They played in all levels of the academy including JDT IV, JDT III, JDT II until they became a regular for the first team.
Johor Darul Ta'zim
2020 season
Arif Aiman made their debut against Felda United on 14 March 2022 in the Malaysia Super League. They scored their first goal for the club against Kuching City F.C. in a 1-0 win in the Malaysia Cup.
2021 season
Arif made their first appearances in the 2021 season against UiTM after their fellow teammate Safawi Rasid was subbed off because of a knee injury. They also scored in that match. Arif was named in the 25 best ASEAN wonderkids in football. On 22 June 2021, they made their debut in AFC Champions League in a 0-1 loss against Japanese club Nagoya Grampus.
International career
Arif made their first appearance for Malaysia in an unofficial friendly match against Kuwait on 23 May 2021 at the age of 19 years 19 days. Their official debut is against Bahrain on 29 May 2021. Their first competitive match with Malaysia is against Vietnam in a 2022 World Cup Qualifier as a substitution in the 61st minute and end up losing 1-2.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
International
Honours
Johor Darul Ta'zim
Malaysia Super League: 2021
Malaysia FA Cup: 2022
Individual
Most Valuable Player (MVP) – Malaysia National Football Awards 2021
Best Striker Awards – Malaysia National Football Awards 2021
Best Young Player – Malaysia National Football Awards 2021
Best Football Associations – Malaysia National Football Awards: 2020, 2021
References
2002 births
Living people
People from Pahang
Malaysian footballers
Malaysia international footballers
Malaysia Super League players
Johor Darul Ta'zim F.C. players
Association football forwards
Giorgio Santacroce (born La Spezia, 6 April 1941 - Rome, 13 January 2017) was an Italian magistrate. They were the first president of the Supreme Court of Cassation.
Career
Santacroce served as public prosecutor at the Rome prosecutor's office from 1970 to 1990. They were involved in the fight against national and international terrorism, the Ustica massacre, and the black funds of the Banca Nazionale del Lavoro. They joined the public prosecutor's office of Rome in 1990, where they represented the government in the trial against the Magliana gang for the kidnapping of Duke Grazioli. In 1997, they were appointed a councillor of the Supreme Court. The plenum of the judicial high council, which met on 8 May 2013 and was chaired by the president of the republic, appointed Santacroce as the first president of the Supreme Court. They won with 13 votes in their favor, against nine favoring Luigi Rovelli. They assumed the position on May 13 of that year, and served until 1 January 2016. They were also president of the Military Judiciary Council.
References
1941 births
2017 deaths
People from La Spezia
20th-century Italian judges
21st-century Italian judges
Andrew Robertt is a New Zealand born actor. Their work covers a diverse range of characters across multiple genres. They studied arts and sciences at The University of Auckland, and horticulture and business management at trade school. In their earlier work they were credited as Andrew Binns.
Filmography
Film
Slow West (2015) .... Werner
Field Punishment No. 1 (2014) (TV) .... CMO
Pirates of the Airwaves (2014) (TV) .... William Cullen
Siege (2012) (TV) .... Mike Burne
Kidnapped (2005) (TV) .... Mr. Riach
Ike: Countdown to D-Day (2004) (TV) .... 101st Airborne Lieutenant (as Andrew Robertt)
Deceit (2004) (TV) .... Ken Spradling (as Andrew Mitchell)
Lucy (2003) (TV) .... Bob Carroll Jr. (as Andrew Mitchell)
You Wish! (2003) (TV) .... Stage Manager (as Andrew Binns)
Murder in Greenwich (2002) (TV) .... Stephen Weeks (as Andrew Binns)
Blood Crime (2002) (TV) .... Deputy David Forrest (as Andrew Binns)
Lawless: Dead Evidence (2000) (TV) .... Graham Newby (as Andrew Binns)
Topless Women Talk About Their Lives (1997) .... Geoff (as Andrew Binns)
The End of the Golden Weather (1991) .... Joe Dyer (as Andrew Binns)
An Angel at My Table (1990) .... Bruddie (as Andrew Binns)
Ruby and Rata (1990) .... Salesman (as Andrew Binns)
TV series
American Playboy: The Hugh Hefner Story (2017) .... James R. Thompson
Making of the Mob: Chicago (2016) .... Frankie Yale
Harry (2013) .... Axle
Legend of the Seeker (2008) .... Ranssyn Fane
Amazing Extraordinary Friends (2006) .... The Wraith
Orange Roughies (2006) .... Leo Sullivan
Secret Agent Men (2003) .... Casper Gecko (2003–2004) (as Andrew Robertt)
Mataku episode "The Rocks" (2002) .... Frank
Street Legal (2000) .... Det. Sr. Sgt. Jack Clifford (as Andrew Binns)
Dark Knight (2000) .... Brack (as Andrew Binns)
Duggan episode "Moving House" (1999) .... Peter Bergson (as Andrew Binns)
The Legend of William Tell (1998) .... Xax (as Andrew Binns)
Xena: Warrior Princess episode "Is There a Doctor in the House?" (1996) .... Hippocrates (as Andrew Binns)
High Tide episode "The Runaways" (1995).... Danny Crenshaw
Shortland Street (1992) .... Nurse Steve Mills (1992–1994) (as Andrew Binns)
The New Adventures of Black Beauty (1990) .... Constable Carmody (as Andrew Binns)
Betty's Bunch (1990) (as Andrew Binns)
Voice Overs
Power Rangers Jungle Fury (2008) (voice) .... Rammer
Power Rangers Mystic Force (2006) (voice) .... Morticon
Power Rangers SPD episode "Beginnings: Part 1" (2005) (voice) .... Alien
Power Rangers Dino Thunder episode "Golden Boy" (2004) (voice) .... Dysotron
References
External links
http://www.tv.com/andrew-robertt/person/276952/summary.html
1969 births
New Zealand male film actors
New Zealand male television actors
New Zealand male soap opera actors
20th-century New Zealand male actors
21st-century New Zealand male actors
Living people
Hundvåko or Hundvåkøy is an island in Austevoll municipality in Vestland county, Norway. The island lies southeast of the island of Stora Kalsøy and northwest of the large island of Huftarøy. There are bridge connections to both of those islands.
The main population centres on Hundvåko are the villages of Austevollshella and Toranger. The island has a population (in 2001) of 554 inhabitants.
The island is rocky and barren with few forested areas and much heathland. There are flocks of wild spælsau sheep that live year-round on the island in the heathland. This breed of sheep has roamed on the island since Viking times.
See also
List of islands of Norway
References
Islands of Vestland
Austevoll
Adriano José da Silva (born 25 September 1974), known as Adriano, is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a forward.
References
1974 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
FC 08 Homburg players
1. FC Saarbrücken players
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen players
SC Verl players
Karlsruher SC players
2. Bundesliga players
Association football forwards
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Girls! Girls! Girls! is a 1962 Golden Globe-nominated American musical comedy film starring Elvis Presley as a penniless Hawaii-based fisherman who loves their life on the sea and dreams of owning their own boat. "Return to Sender", which reached No. 2 on the Billboard pop singles chart, is featured in the film. The film opened at #1 on the Variety box office chart and finished the year at #19 on the year-end list of the top-grossing films of 1962. The film earned $2.6 million at the box office.
The film was the second of three films Presley shot on location in Hawaii.
Plot
Elvis Presley plays Ross Carpenter, a Hawaii-based fishing guide and sailor who enjoys boating and sailing out on the sea. When they find out their boss is retiring to Arizona, they seek to find a way to buy the Westwind, a boat that they built with their father.
Ross is caught in a love triangle with two women: childish, insensitive club singer Robin (Stella Stevens), and sweet Laurel (Laurel Goodwin). When Wesley Johnson (Jeremy Slate) makes advances on Laurel, Ross punches them out. Wesley owns the boat, so Ross thereby loses it. Laurel, however, is not who they pretend to be. Ross has to choose between them and Robin.
Cast
Elvis Presley as Ross Carpenter
Stella Stevens as Robin Gantner
Laurel Goodwin as Laurel Dodge
Jeremy Slate as Wesley Johnson
Benson Fong as Kin Yung
Beulah Quo as Madam Yung
Guy Lee as Chen Yung
Ginny Tiu as Mai Ling
Elizabeth Tiu as Tai Ling
Alexander Tiu as Mai and Tai Ling's Brother
Robert Strauss as Sam Anderson
Ann McCrea as Mrs. Arthur Morgan
Jack Nitzsche as Piano Player in Lounge Band
Nestor Paiva as Arthur Morgan
Linda Rand as Village Woman
Edward Sheehan as Ed-Man on Dock
Red West as Bongo-Playing Crewman on Tuna Boat
Soundtrack
Reception
A review in Variety wrote that the film put Presley "back into the non-dramatic, purely escapist light musical vein," adding, "Essentially, Presley plays themselves in the breezy sea session. They handle the role capably, though one would hardly expect a hardened fisherman to be as soft, smooth and white as the one Presley depicts. The character has little depth, but they are pleasant." The Monthly Film Bulletin wrote in a fairly positive review that the songs were "strung very pleasantly on a story-line of disarming simplicity and bedded comfortably in a stretch of gently fizzing repartee." Margaret Harford of the Los Angeles Times called it "no better or worse than previous Elvis epics."
Awards and nominations
Golden Globes: Nominated for Best Motion Picture - Musical at the 1963 ceremony. The winner that year was The Music Man. Elvis Presley received a 2nd place Laurel Award for the best male performance in a musical for their acting role in this movie.
Box office
Girls! Girls! Girls! earned $2,600,000 at the box office in the United States.
See also
List of American films of 1962
References
External links
Elvis in Hawaii fansite.
Movie reviews
Review by Jamie Gillies at Apollo Movie Guide
DVD reviews
Review of the movie collection "Lights! Camera! Elvis! Collection (King Creole, Blue Hawaii, G.I. Blues, Fun in Acapulco, Roustabout, Girls! Girls! Girls!, Paradise, Hawaiian Style, Easy Come, Easy Go) by Paul Mavis at DVD Talk, August 6, 2007.
Review by Jon Danziger at digitallyOBSESSED!, February 3, 2003.
1962 films
1962 musical comedy films
1962 romantic comedy films
American musical comedy films
American romantic comedy films
American romantic musical films
1960s English-language films
Films directed by Norman Taurog
Films set in Hawaii
Paramount Pictures films
Films shot in Hawaii
Films produced by Hal B. Wallis
Films with screenplays by Edward Anhalt
Sailing films
Films about fishing
Films about singers
1960s American films
Papilio chrapkowskoides, the broadly green-banded swallowtail, is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in the Republic of the Congo, Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, Tanzania, Guinea, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, Benin, Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Angola.
Description
The blue or greenish median band of the upper surface is broad, 10—14 mm. broad
at the hindmargin of the forewing, 10—17 mm. in the middle of the hindwing and distinctly widened posteriorly; the spot in cellule 2 of the hindwing always completely covers the base of the cellule and the spot in 1 c is very long and always reaches the cell. The green-blue spot in the cell of the forewing above reaches basad at least to the middle of cellule 2; forewing beneath without large yellowish submarginal spots, at the most with a few small spots near to the margin. Sierra Leone to the Congo region and Equatoria.
Biology
The larvae feed on Calodendrum capense, Vepris, and Citrus species.
Subspecies
Papilio chrapkowskoides chrapkowskoides (eastern Congo Republic, south-western Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, western Tanzania)
Papilio chrapkowskoides nurettini Koçak, 1983 (Guinea, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, Benin, Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, Congo, Angola, Central African Republic, Congo Republic, western Uganda)
Papilio chrapkowskoides nerminae Koçak, 1983 (São Tomé and Principe)
Papilio chrapkowskoides nerminae is treated as a full species by some authors.
Taxonomy
Papilio chrapkowskoides is a member of the Papilio genus, of which Papilio appalachiensis and Papilio xuthus are also members. Papilio chrapkowskoides belongs to a clade called the nireus species group with 15 members. The pattern is black with green or blue bands and spots and the butterflies, although called swallowtails lack tails with the exception of Papilio charopus and Papilio hornimani. The clade members are:
Papilio aristophontes Oberthür, 1897
Papilio nireus Linnaeus, 1758
Papilio charopus Westwood, 1843
Papilio chitondensis de Sousa & Fernandes, 1966
Papilio chrapkowskii Suffert, 1904
Papilio chrapkowskoides Storace, 1952
Papilio desmondi van Someren, 1939
Papilio hornimani Distant, 1879
Papilio interjectana Vane-Wright, 1995
Papilio manlius Fabricius, 1798
Papilio microps Storace, 1951
Papilio sosia Rothschild & Jordan, 1903
Papilio thuraui Karsch, 1900
Papilio ufipa Carcasson, 1961
Papilio wilsoni Rothschild, 1926
Description
Reflecting the confused separation between Papilio bromius and P. chrapkowskii. Very similar to P. chrapkowskii, but pale mottling and submarginal spots below not so well developed. Cilia of forewing black, not white, as in P. chrapkowskii. A somewhat unstable race with frequent transitions to the two previous races: P. bromius and P. chrapkowskii.
References
chrapkowskoides
Butterflies described in 1952
Tom Costelloe may refer to:
Tom Costelloe (Tralee Mitchels Gaelic footballer) (1887–1934), Irish Gaelic footballer with the Kerry senior football team
Tom Costelloe (Duagh Gaelic footballer) (born 1931), Irish Gaelic footballer with the Kerry senior football team
See also
Tom Costello (disambiguation)
Georges Fouquet (1862 – 1957) was a French jewelry designer best known for their Art Nouveau creations. In Paris, they joined their father in the family business in 1891 In 1900 they opened a new jewelry shop at 6 rue Royale in Paris, designed by the illustrator Alphonse Mucha. The interior of the shop is preserved at the Carnavalet Museum in Paris. Contrary to Lalique but like Henri Vever, Georges Fouquet expressed themselves through more synthetic geometric forms. In 1900, Fouquet was featured at the Exposition Universelle in Paris. They also designed jewels for French actores such as Sarah Bernhardt. Pieces of their work can be found at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Victoria and Albert Museum, the Petit Palais. The Carnavalet Museum in Paris has a recreation of the shop of Georges Fouquet
References
French jewellers
1862 births
1957 deaths
Darb-e Juqa (, also Romanized as Darb-e Jūqā and Darb Jūqā; also known as Darb-i Jugha and Darijoogha) is a village in Hastijan Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 139, in 43 families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
Time to Move On is the eighth studio album by Trinidadian-British singer Billy Ocean, which was released by Jive in 1993. It would be Ocean's last studio album until 2009's Because I Love You.
Background
Following the release of Ocean's seventh studio album Tear Down These Walls in 1988, Ocean went on to take a four-year recording hiatus. In a 1993 interview on Live with Kelly and Ryan, Ocean explained: "My mother got ill, and eventually they died. Then after they died I sort of stopped and looked at my situation - my family. I have three kids and a wife, and for years I'd been writing and recording and touring, and I thought it's not fair. Something was missing, so I stopped for a while, recharged the battery, and had a chance to watch my kids grow up for a while, and get a bit of space. It was productive. I feel a lot more at ease and peace with myself. Success is a very confusing thing sometimes, because of the place it takes."
When they began to produce their next studio album, Ocean worked with a number of producers; Steely & Clevie, Hula & K. Fingers, R. Kelly, Timmy Allen and Dorsey Robinson. The album was recorded at Battery Studios in Chicago and the Hit Factory in New York City. Time to Move On saw Ocean exploring new musical styles, with a mixture of Caribbean-spiced dance numbers, romantic pop/R&B ballads, new-jack swing, and reggae. Additionally Ocean's own appearance changed, as they began to sport a dreadlocks hairstyle.
When released in 1993, Time to Move On failed to achieve the same level of commercial success Ocean had seen during the 1980s. The album failed to chart in the US or the UK. It reached No. 81 in the Netherlands. The leading single "Pressure" was the album's biggest success, reaching No. 55 in the UK, No. 44 in the Netherlands, and No. 39 in Belgium. The second single "Pick Up The Pieces (Put It Back)" failed to garner any charting action. The third and final single "Everything's So Different Without You" was the only one of the three singles to be released in the United States. It reached No. 91 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.
As Ocean's last album for Jive, and their last of new material until 2009's Because I Love You, Ocean ended up taking a break from their musical career. In a 2009 interview with soulmusic.com, Ocean recalled: "Clive Calder [head of Jive Records] was going over to America, and I came across another transitional stage. I had fallen out with my manager, so all of the machinery that went into creating the hits wasn't there anymore. Hence, I didn't record for awhile. After Time to Move On, when Clive went to America, it wasn't the same with the people I had to work with over here. Instead of beating my head against a brick wall, I thought, 'Maybe I'll just spend some time with my family'. Of course, it sort of drifted into nearly 15 years, because, you know, time flies!"
Critical reception
Justin Kantor of AllMusic stated: "This album found Ocean offering strong melodies, lyrics, and vocals once again, yet on occasion also showed them falling victim to current production trends. This set isn't as consistently unforgettable as earlier works like Love Zone or Nights, but is still considerably strong."
Track listing
Personnel
Billy Ocean – lead and backing vocals
Wycliffe "Steely" Johnson – keyboards (1, 2, 4, 12)
Hula & K. Fingers – all instruments (3, 5, 11), other instruments (6), additional backing vocals (6), horns (12)
Timmy Allen – all instruments (7)
Dorsey "Rob" Robinson – keyboards (8)
R. Kelly – keyboards (9, 10)
Keith Henderson – programming (9)
Peter Mokran – programming (9, 10), guitars (9, 10), bass (10)
Dalton Browne – lead guitar (2, 12)
Danny Browne – lead guitar (2), rhythm guitar (2, 12)
Ron Simpson – guitars (6)
Vincent Henry – guitars (8)
Tinker Barfield – bass (8)
Clevie Browne – drums (1, 2, 4, 12), percussion (1, 2, 4, 12)
Ivan Hampton – drums (8)
Stephen George – percussion (6)
Steve Kroon – percussion (8)
Arthur Porter – saxophone (9)
Roz Davis – additional backing vocals (3, 5)
Dawn Green – additional backing vocals (3, 5)
Joyce Faison – additional backing vocals (9)
Cheryl Wilson – additional backing vocals (9)
Production
Steely & Clevie – producers (1, 2, 4, 12)
Hula & K. Fingers – producers (3, 4, 11)
Timmy Allen – producer (7)
Dorsey "Rob" Robinson – producer (8)
R. Kelly – producer (9, 10)
Pete Christensen, Eric Gast, Stephen George, Nigel Green, Gerard Julien, Peter Mokran, Anthony Saunders, Martin Stebbing, Carl Toppin, Chris Trevett and Collin "Bulby" York – engineers
Pete Christensen, Leroy "Mr. Lee" Haggard, Gerard Julien, Adam Kudzin, Lynford "Fatta" Marshall, Chad Pearson, Martin Stebbing, Stefon Taylor and Andy Wold – assistant engineers
Nigel Green – mix engineer (1, 4, 8)
Chris Trevett – mix engineer (2, 3, 5, 7, 9-12)
Stephen George – mix engineer (6), remixing (6), editing (6)
Leroy "Mr. Lee" Haggard – remixing (6), editing (6)
Tom Coyne – mastering
Paul Cox – photography
ZombArt: JK – design
Laurie Jay – management
Charts
References
1993 albums
Billy Ocean albums
Jive Records albums
Gelignite (), also known as blasting gelatin or simply "jelly", is an explosive material consisting of collodion-cotton (a type of nitrocellulose or guncotton) dissolved in either nitroglycerine or nitroglycol and mixed with wood pulp and saltpetre (sodium nitrate or potassium nitrate).
It was invented in 1875, by Swedish chemist Alfred Nobel, who also invented dynamite. It is more stable than dynamite, but can still suffer from "sweating" or leaching out nitroglycerine. Its composition makes it easily moldable and safe to handle without protection, as long as it is not near anything capable of detonating it.
One of the cheapest explosives, it burns slowly and cannot explode without a detonator, so it can be stored safely.
In the United Kingdom, an explosives certificate, issued by the local Chief Officer of Police, is required for possession of gelignite. Due to its widespread civilian use in quarries and mining, it has historically been used by terrorist groups such as the Provisional Irish Republican Army and the Ulster Volunteer Force who often used gelignite as a booster.
Frangex
The 1970s saw Irish Industrial Explosives Limited producing annually 6,000 tonnes of Frangex, a commercial gelignite intended for use in mines and quarries. It was produced at Ireland's largest explosives factory in Enfield, County Meath. The Gardaí and the Irish Army patrolled the area, preventing the IRA from gaining direct access.
However, indirectly, the Provisional Irish Republican Army (PIRA) acquired amounts of the material. At the time of their arrest was found in the possession of Patrick Magee and discovered in a hijacked road tanker in January 1976.
PIRA volunteer, later informer, Sean O'Callaghan estimated that planting of Frangex would kill everyone within an radius. The Real IRA (RIRA) also acquired Frangex, and, in December 2000, eighty sticks were discovered on a farm in Kilmacow, County Kilkenny, near Waterford.
In early 1982 the Irish National Liberation Army stole of Frangex commercial explosives from the Tara mines in County Tipperary, enabling the organisation to intensify its bombing campaign. The INLA carried out its deadliest attack in December 1982 with the bombing of the Droppin' Well disco in Ballykelly, County Londonderry, which catered to British military personnel, in which 11 soldiers on leave and 6 civilians were killed. A bomb, estimated to be of Frangex explosive, small enough to fit into a handbag, was left beside a support pillar and when it exploded brought down the roof.
References
Alfred Nobel
Explosives
Swedish inventions
Jasmine Jessica Anthony is an American actor. They made their debut in the 2002 film Catch Me If You Can. In 2005, they were cast as Amy Calloway in the ABC drama series Commander in Chief.
Filmography
Film
Catch Me If You Can (2002) ... Little Girl
Stop Thief! (2004) ... Young Sophie
Checking Out (2005) ... Young Flo Applebaum
Little Athens (2005) ... Katie Kinney
Rodeo Girl (2006) ... Heather
Dead Write (2007) ... Heather
1408 (2007) ... Katie Enslin
The Butterfly Room (2012) ... Young Dorothy
Unbelievable!!!!! (2014) ... Eileen Dover
Television
Star Trek: Enterprise (2005) ... Tallah
Monk ... Season 4 episode 2 "Mr. Monk Goes Home Again" (2005 July 15) ... Witch Girl
Commander in Chief (2005–2006) ... Amy Calloway
Medium (2007) ... Young Girl
My Name Is Earl (2007) ... Classmate
State of Mind (2007) ... Ella
Ugly Betty (2007) ... Antonella
Wedding Band (2013) ... Flower Girl
Black-ish (2015) ... Teen Girl
Awards
References
External links
American child actores
American television actores
People from Tarzana, Los Angeles
Living people
American film actores
Actresses from Los Angeles
21st-century American actores
Year of birth missing (living people)
Angelo Raine (1877 – 5 October 1962) was a British clergyman, antiquarian, and archivist.
Biography
Raine was born in York in 1877, one of nine children born to parents James Raine and Annie (née Keyworth). As a child they lived in Petergate and attended St Peter's School. Raine was awarded a licence in theology from Durham University in 1900, later taking a Bachelor of Arts in 1903.
They were ordained as a priest in York Minster and subsequently left to work in East London at the Oxford House settlement project. Whilst in London, Raine became a Curate at Christ Church, Stepney. During the First World War they served at St Martin-on-the-Hill, Scarborough and also in Whitby before moving to the Church of St Edward the Confessor in Dringhouses in 1919. Angelo's wife was the first woman to attend the Annual General Meeting of the parish in 1920. In 1937 they left Dringhouses to become Vicar of All Saints, Pavement, a position they held until their retirement in 1956. A wooden plaque in the church records the dedication of the West window to him.
During their time in York, Raine followed their father's interest in archaeology and history. They served as Chaplain to the Merchant Adventurers of York and as the Honorary City Archivist. They were elected to the Council of the Yorkshire Philosophical Society in 1929 and served as a Vice-President for the society from 1933.
In 1956 they retired and moved to Suffolk. After their death in 1962 they were buried in the family grave at York Cemetery.
Publications
Raine, A. 1922. "Roman Inscribed stones found at York", Yorkshire Archaeological Journal 26, 389.
Raine, A. 1926. History of St. Peter's School : York : A.D. 627 to the present day.
Raine, A. 1932. "Roman Excavations at York", in A Scientific Survey of York and District (British Association Handbook).
Raine, A. 1933. "The birth-place of Guy Fawkes". Yorkshire Architect York Archaeol Soc Proc 1.
Raine, A. 1948. "Recent Archaeological Work on Roman York", Archaeological Newsletter 6, 7–9.
Raine, A. 1955. Medieval York: A Topographic Survey Based on Original Sources
References
1877 births
1962 deaths
Alumni of Hatfield College, Durham
People educated at St Peter's School, York
English antiquarians
Clergy from York
People from York
British archivists
Members of the Yorkshire Philosophical Society
The Cape Town Civic Centre is a building on the Foreshore in central Cape Town, South Africa that serves as the headquarters of the City of Cape Town, the municipality that governs Cape Town and its suburbs.
It was completed in 1978 by Concor, and is made up of two blocks. The Podium Block is a low-rise building which houses the City management, including the Council Chamber and the Mayor's Office. The Tower Block is a 98-metre-tall, 26-floor high-rise block that houses the administrative offices of the municipality; it is a long, narrow building that crosses Hertzog Boulevard, with the road passing underneath the central part of the building. The arch where the road passes under the building acts as a very powerful wind tunnel and some of the highest windspeeds can be found along this corridor. This has at times endangered pedestrians and impacted important events like the Cape Town Cycle Tour.
The Civic Centre trunk station of the MyCiTi bus rapid transit system is located along Hertzog Boulevard beneath the Tower Block.
References
Buildings and structures in Cape Town
Government of Cape Town
City and town halls in South Africa
The following is a list of notable attacks on civilians attributed to the Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna (JVP), a Sri Lankan Marxist-Leninist, communist group.
Attacks in chronological order
See also
List of attacks attributed to the LTTE
List of attacks on civilians attributed to Sri Lankan government forces
References
Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna
Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna
Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna attacks
Imma thyriditis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on the Solomon Islands.
The wingspan is 20–24 mm. The forewings are ochreous fuscous in males, more or less wholly suffused with ochreous yellow, especially on the veins and in the cell, in females darker fuscous. There is a dark fuscous streak along the basal fourth of the dorsum and a slender irregular pale yellowish fascia from before the middle of the costa to two-thirds of the dorsum, edged anteriorly with a few dark fuscous scales, in females less marked and becoming obsolete towards the dorsum. An indistinct darker discal dot is found at two-thirds and there is a small pale yellowish spot on the costa at three-fourths, where proceeds an undefined pale line or series of marks to the tornus, in females nearly obsolete. The costal edge in males is blackish between this spot and the next. There is a small pale yellow triangular spot on the costa towards the apex, where proceeds a pale yellow submarginal line to the termen above the tornus, edged posteriorly with blackish fuscous. The hindwings of the males have slight submedian and subdorsal grooves. The dark fuscous, basal three-fifths is almost naked and transparent, with dark fuscous veins.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Oceania
William Clark Jarnagin (May 24, 1914 – October 19, 1979) was an American football and basketball coach. They served as the interim head football coach at Hardin–Simmons University during the 1943 Sun Bowl. Jarnigan was the head football coach at West Texas State University—now known as West Texas A&M University—from 1958 to 1959. They were also the head basketball coach at Hardin–Simmons during the 1942–43 season.
Head coaching record
College football
Notes
References
External links
1914 births
1979 deaths
American football centers
Baylor Bears football coaches
Hardin–Simmons Cowboys basketball coaches
Hardin–Simmons Cowboys football coaches
Hardin–Simmons Cowboys football players
North Carolina Pre-Flight Cloudbusters football coaches
West Texas A&M Buffaloes football coaches
High school football coaches in Texas
People from Graham, Texas
Players of American football from Texas
The 2010–11 Australian Women's Twenty20 Cup was the second formal season of the Australian Women's Twenty20 Cup, which was the premier domestic women's Twenty20 cricket competition in Australia prior to the inception of the Women's Big Bash League in 2015. The tournament started on 15 October 2010 and finished on 5 February 2011. Defending champions Victorian Spirit won the tournament after finishing second in the group stage and beating New South Wales Breakers in the final.
Ladder
Fixtures
Final
Statistics
Highest totals
Most runs
Most wickets
References
External links
Series home at ESPNcricinfo
Australian Women's Twenty20 Cup seasons
Australian Women's Twenty20 Cup
Grand Prix is the fifth album by Scottish alternative rock band Teenage Fanclub, released in May 1995 via Creation Records.
Album cover
The now-defunct Formula One racing team Simtek provided the car that appears on the front cover.
Reception
Upon release, Grand Prix received almost unanimous critical acclaim. Writing for The Independent, Andy Gill called it "winsome and reflective", while Angela Lewis of the same publication described Grand Prix as a "breathtakingly superb (album) with finely honed dynamics, nagging harmonies and deceptively simple lyrics". In 2000, Q placed Grand Prix at number 72 in its list of the "100 Greatest British Albums Ever". It was voted number 624 in the 3rd edition of Colin Larkin's All Time Top 1000 Albums (2000). In 2004, it made number 72 on The Observer Music Monthly'''s top 100 British albums list. In 2013, NME ranked it at number 282 in its list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.
Track listing
Notes
All bonus tracks produced by Teenage Fanclub. Tracks 1 and 2 recorded at Protocol Studios, London, engineered by Giles Hall, assisted by Delphine Carrier. Track 3 recorded at Protocol Studios, London, engineered by Giles Hall, and at The Greenhouse, London, engineered by Nick Wollage. Track 4 recorded at Riverside Studios, Glasgow, engineered by Duncan Cameron. Track 5 recorded at home by Norman Blake.Grand Prix'' bonus 7" single
Note
First vinyl pressing with limited edition bonus 7".
Personnel
Charts
References
Teenage Fanclub albums
1995 albums
Creation Records albums
Country rock albums by Scottish artists
The 3rd Annual Latin Grammy Awards were held in Los Angeles at the Kodak Theatre on Wednesday, September 18, 2002. Alejandro Sanz was the night's big winner, winning a total of three awards including Album of the Year. The ceremony returned in style after the 2001 ceremony was cancelled because of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks across America, and all presenters apologized to viewers during the broadcast for such.
Awards
Winners are in bold text.
General
Record of the Year
Alejandro Sanz — "Y Sólo Se Me Ocurre Amarte"
Celia Cruz — "La Negra Tiene Tumbao"
La Ley — "Mentira"
Gian Marco — "Se Me Olvidó"
Carlos Vives — "Déjame Entrar"
Album of the Year
Alejandro Sanz — MTV Unplugged
Miguel Bosé — Sereno
Celia Cruz — La Negra Tiene Tumbao
Ivan Lins — Jobiniando
Carlos Vives — Déjame Entrar
Song of the Year
Alejandro Sanz — "Y Sólo Se Me Ocurre Amarte"
Juanes — "A Dios le Pido"
Andres Castro, Martín Madera and Carlos Vives — "Déjame Entrar" (Carlos Vives)
Sergio George and Fernando Osorio — "La Negra Tiene Tumbao" (Celia Cruz)
Miguel Bosé, Lanfranco Ferrario and Massimo Grilli — "Morenamia" (Miguel Bosé)
Best New Artist
Jorge Moreno
Cabas
Circo
Gian Marco
Sin Bandera
Pop
Best Female Pop Vocal Album
Rosario — Muchas Flores
Ana Belén — Peces de Ciudad
Cecilia Echenique — Secreta Intimidad
Mónica Molina — Vuela
Nicole — Viaje infinito
Best Male Pop Vocal Album
Miguel Bosé — Sereno
Jorge Drexler — Sea
Alejandro Lerner — Lerner Vivo
Gian Marco — A Tiempo
Marco Antonio Solís — Más de Mi Alma
Best Pop Album by a Duo/Group with Vocals
Sin Bandera — Sin Bandera
Amaral — Estrella de mar
Mamma Soul — Fe
Presuntos Implicados — Gente
Supernova — Retráctate
Best Pop Instrumental Album
Chucho Valdés — Canciones Inéditas
Gustavo Cerati — +Bien
Rey Guerra — De Sindo A Silvio
José Padilla — Navigator
Roberto Perera — Sensual
Rap/Hip-Hop
Best Rap/Hip-Hop Album
Vico C — Vivo
Camorra — Vírus
Nilo MC — Guajiro Del Asfalto
Nocaute — CD Pirata
X-Alfonso — X - Moré
Rock
Best Rock Solo Vocal Album
Alejandra Guzmán — Soy
Celeste Carballo — Celeste Acústica
León Gieco — Bandidos Rurales
Miguel Ríos — Miguel Ríos y las estrellas del rock latino
Luis Alberto Spinetta — Silver Sorgo
Best Rock Album by a Duo/Group with Vocals
La Ley — MTV Unplugged
Babasónicos — Jessico
Circo — No Todo Lo Que Es Pop Es Bueno
Elefante — El Que Busca Encuentra
Kinky — Kinky
Best Rock Song
Juanes — "A Dios le Pido"
Reyli Barba and Rafael López — "Así Es La Vida" (Elefante)
Luis Alberto Spinetta — "El Enemigo"
León Gieco and Luis Gurevich — "Idolo De Los Quemados" (León Gieco)
Beto Cuevas — "Mentira" (La Ley)
Tropical
Best Salsa Album
Celia Cruz — La Negra Tiene Tumbao
Marc Anthony — Libre
El Gran Combo de Puerto Rico — Nuevo Milenio~El Mismo Sabor
Giro — Mi Nostalgia
Tito Rojas — Quiero Llegar A Casa
Best Merengue Album
Olga Tañón — Yo Por Ti
Eddy Herrera — Atrevido
Los Toros Band — Pa' La Calle
Kinito Méndez — A Palo Limpio
Fernando Villalona — Mal Acostumbrado
Best Contemporary Tropical Album
Carlos Vives — Déjame Entrar
Felix D'Oleo — Frutos
Celso Piña — Barrio Bravo
Síntesis — Habana A Flor De Piel
Vocal Sampling — Cambio De Tiempo
Best Traditional Tropical Album
Bebo Valdés Trio with Israel López "Cachao" and Carlos "Patato" Valdés — El Arte del Sabor
Nelson González — Pa' Los Treseros
Totó la Momposina — Pacantó
Various Artists — Cuban Masters - Los Originales
Charlie Zaa — De Un Solo Sentimiento
Best Tropical Song
Andrés Castro, Martín Madera and Carlos Vives — "Déjame Entrar" (Carlos Vives)
Gustavo Arenas and Jorge Luis Piloto — "Como Olvidar" (Olga Tañón)
Jandy Feliz — "La Pasión"
Julio Castro — "Me Liberé" (El Gran Combo de Puerto Rico)
Omar Alfanno — "Pueden Decir" (Gilberto Santa Rosa)
Regional Mexican
Best Ranchero Album
Vicente Fernández — Más Con El Número Uno
Pepe Aguilar — Lo Mejor De Nosotros
Ana Bárbara — Te Regalo La Lluvia
Aida Cuevas — Enhorabuena
Alejandro Fernández — Orígenes
Best Banda Album
Cuisillos de Arturo Macias — Puras Rancheras Con Cuisillos
Banda Machos — A Prueba De Balas
Banda Pachuco — Quedate Conmigo
Jenni Rivera — Se las Voy a Dar a Otro
Thalía — Thalía con banda: Grandes éxitos
Best Grupero Album
Joan Sebastian — Lo Dijo El Corazon
Grupo Bryndis — En El Idioma Del Amor
Guardianes Del Amor — Muriendo De Frio
Los Mismos — Perdón Por Extrañarte
Priscila & Sus Balas De Plata — Para Mi Amor
Best Tejano Album
Jimmy González & El Grupo Mazz — Siempre Humilde
David Lee Garza & Los Musicales — Estamos Unidos
Ram Herrera — Ingrata
La Mafia — Inconfundible
Los Desperadoz — Desde El Corazón
Best Norteño Album
Ramón Ayala y Sus Bravos del Norte — El Número Cien
Atrapado — Muevete Muevete Mas
Intocable — Sueños
Los Huracanes del Norte — Mensaje De Oro
Los Palominos — Un Poco Más
Best Regional Mexican Song
Freddie Martínez — "Del Otro Lado Del Porton" (Ramón Ayala y Sus Bravos del Norte)
Jimmy González — "Ahora Que Hago Sin Ti" (Jimmy González & El Grupo Mazz)
Joan Sebastian — "Apuesto" (Pepe Aguilar)
Joan Sebastian — "Manantial De Llanto"
Sylvia Ivañez and Bebu Silvetti — "Siempre Te Amaré" (Aida Cuevas)
Traditional
Best Folk Album
Susana Baca — Lamento Negro
Berrogüetto — Hepta
Kepa Junkera — Maren
Petrona Martínez — Bonito Que Canta
Lázaro Ros — Orisha Ayé. Shangó
Best Tango Album
Sérgio & Odair Assad — Sérgio & Odair Assad Play Piazzolla
Adrián Iaies — Tango Reflections
Raul Jaurena — Tango Bar
Néstor Marconi — Sobre Imágenes
Julia Zenko — Tango Por Vos
Best Flamenco Album
Antonio Núñez — Mis 70 Años Con El Cante
Remedios Amaya — Sonsonete
Arcángel — Arcángel
Diego El Cigala — Corren Tiempos De Alegría
Martirio — Mucho Corazón
Jazz
Best Latin Jazz Album
Gonzalo Rubalcaba Trio — Supernova
Richie Beirach, Gregor Huebner and George Mraz — Round About Federico Mompou
William Cepeda — Expandiendo Raices/Branching Out
Charlie Haden — Nocturne
Omar Sosa — Sentir
Christian
Best Christian Album
Padre Marcelo Rossi — Paz - Ao Vivo
Ileana Garcés — El Amor Tiene Un Valor
Roberto Orellana — Mi Nuevo Amor
Rabito — Viva La Vida
33 DC — Ven, Es Tiempo de Adorarle
Brazilian
Best Brazilian Contemporary Pop Album
Lenine — Falange Canibal
Bossacucanova and Roberto Menescal — Brasilidade
Zélia Duncan — Sortimento
Otto — Condom Black
Ivete Sangalo — Festa
Best Brazilian Rock Album
Cássia Eller — Acústico MTV
Arnaldo Antunes — Paradeiro
CPM 22 — CPM 22
Roberto Frejat — Amor Pra Recomeçar
Los Hermanos — Bloco do Eu Sozinho
Best Samba/Pagode Album
Zeca Pagodinho — Deixa a Vida Me Levar
Martinho da Vila — Da Roca e da Cidade
Claudio Jorge — Coisa de Chefe
Riachão — Humanenochum
Nelson Sargento — Flores em Vida
Best MPB Album
Chico Buarque and Edu Lobo — Cambaio
Dori Caymmi — Influencias
Celso Fonseca and Ronaldo Bastos — Juventude/Slow Motion Bossa Nova
Guinga — Cine Baronesa
Ed Motta — Dwitza
Best Sertaneja Music Album
Bruno & Marrone — Acústico – Ao Vivo
Zezé di Camargo & Luciano — Zezé di Camargo e Luciano
Marlon & Maicon — Marlon e Maicon
Rio Negro and Solimões — So Alegria
Trio Parada Dura — Brilhante
Best Brazilian Roots/Regional Album
Gilberto Gil — São João Vivo
As Galvão — Nois e a Viola
Caju & Castanha — Andando de Coletivo
Heraldo do Monte — Viola Nordestina
Dominguinhos — Lembrando Voce
Best Brazilian Song
Dori Caymmi and Paulo César Pinheiro — "Saudade de Amar" (Nana Caymmi)
Celso Fonseca and Ronaldo Bastos — "A Voz do Coração"
Arnaldo Antunes and Pepeu Gomes — "Alma" (Zélia Duncan)
Eri do Cais and Serginho Meriti — "Deixa a Vida Me Levar" (Zeca Pagodinho)
Riachão — "Va Morar com o Diabo" (Cássia Eller)
Child 's
Best Latin Children's Album
Xuxa — Só Para Baixinhos 2
Belinda — Cómplices al Rescate
Chiquititas — Chiquititas Vol. 7
Melody — De Pata Negra
Miliki — Navidades Animadas
Classical
Best Classical Album
Quarteto Amazonia — Adiós Nonino - Quarteto Amazônia Toca Astor Piazzolla
Pablo Roberto Diemecke and Jorge Federico Osorio — Chávez: Conciertos Para Violin y Piano
María Guinand — Golijov: La Pasión Según San Marcos
Luiz De Moura Castro and María José Montiel — Modinha - Brazilian Songs
Cuarteto Latinoamericano — Villa-Lobos: String Quartets, Vol. 6
Production
Best Engineered Album
Andrés Bermúdez, Joel Numa and Silvio Richetto — Alexandre Pires (Alexandre Pires)
Jon Fausty — Cambio De Tiempo (Vocal Sampling)
Jorge "Mosquito" Garrido, Facundo Rodríguez, Ricardo Troilo and Alvaro Villagra — Lerner Vivo (Alejandro Lerner)
Moogie Canazio — Sandy & Junior (Sandy & Junior)
Gerónimo Labrada, Jr. and X-Alfonso — X-Moré (X-Alfonso)
Producer of the Year
Kike Santander
Humberto Gatica
Sebastian Krys
Gerónimo Labrada, Jr. and X-Alfonso
Ana Lourdes Martínez Nodarse
Music Video
Best Music Video
Shakira — "Suerte"
Celia Cruz — "La Negra Tiene Tumbao"
Juanes — "A Dios le Pido"
Paulina Rubio — "Yo No Soy Esa Mujer"
Carlos Vives — "Déjame Entrar"
Latin Grammy Awards by year
Latin Grammy Awards
Grammy Awards
Annual Latin Grammy Awards
Annual Latin Grammy Awards
Salix scouleriana (Scouler's willow; syn. S. brachystachys Benth., S. capreoides Anderss., S. flavescens Nutt., S. nuttallii Sarg., S. stagnalis Nutt.) is a species of willow native to northwestern North America. Other names occasionally used include fire willow, Nuttall willow, mountain willow, and black willow.
Description
Salix scouleriana is a deciduous shrub or small tree, depending on the environment, usually with multiple stems that reach in height in dry, cold, high elevations, and other difficult environments, and or more in favorable sites. The stems are straight and support few branches generally resulting in narrow crowns. The root system is fibrous, deep, and widespread. The thick sapwood is nearly white, and heartwood is light brown tinged with red. Stem bark is thin, gray or dark brown, with broad, flat ridges. Twigs are stout and whitish-green. The leaves are oblanceolate to elliptic, long, mostly short-pointed at the apex and tapered toward the base, with entire to sparsely wavy-toothed margins. They are dark-green and nearly hairless above, and white- or grayish-hairy below.
It is dioecious, having male and female flowers on different trees. The flowers are tiny, grouped in pussy willow-like catkins. The anthers, two per flower, are yellow, sometimes tipped with red; pistils are red. The fruit is light reddish-brown, long-pointed capsules about 0.75 cm long. At maturity, they open to release a white fluff with tiny, imbedded seeds. The species has 2n = 76 or 114 chromosomes.
It flowers from mid to late spring, flowers appearing before leaves, often while snow is still on the ground, and fruiting occurs from late spring to midsummer, depending on area. The flowers are insect pollinated. There are about 14,300 cleaned seeds/g. Germination, which is epigeal, begins to occur in 12 to 24 hours after seeds alight on wet ground. Germination usually reaches 95%in one or two days. The seeds are dispersed by the wind. Plants sprout from the root collar when cut or top-killed. Pieces of stem and root will root and grow if partially buried in moist soil.
Distribution and habitat
The species is native to western North America, from south central Alaska east to western Northwest Territory, central Manitoba, and the Black Hills of South Dakota, and south through the Rocky Mountains to Coahuila, and along the coast through British Columbia, Washington, Oregon, and the Sierra Nevada in California. It grows from sea level to an altitude of in the Rockies.
Ecology
Scouler's willow is the most common upland willow through most of its range. It invades quickly and abundantly after fires and logging. Mineral soil seedbeds are required for seedling establishment (Forest Practices Branch 1997). In northern areas, it occurs in muskegs, willow thickets, disturbed areas, and forests. At lower latitudes, the species grows in former clearcuts, burned areas, thinned forests, and areas of natural disturbance, such as avalanche areas and river flood zones. These are all moist, well-drained to poorly drained sites. Although this willow tolerates drier conditions than most other willows, it does not tolerate xeric conditions. It is a component in a large number of vegetation types throughout its range. With few exceptions, it is the only willow found growing with other trees in upland Western forests. Soils of all textures, including skeletal soils and soils derived from most parent materials are colonized. Sites may vary from near sea level to about in elevation. It is top-killed by all but gentle fires, but usually greater than 65% of the plants sprout quickly afterwards. The species is intolerant of shade, and when overtopped by conifers and other trees, it begins to decline.
Male flowers provide pollen for bees in the spring. It is an important larval host to the blinded sphinx, Lorquin's admiral, modest sphinx, mourning cloak, twin-spotted sphinx, and white admiral. Big game forage the species in inland mountain areas.
Scouler's willow protects the soil and helps return sites to forest cover following disturbances. When growing along streams, it helps protect the stream banks from erosion and shades the watercourse, thus maintaining cooler water temperatures. The cover provided is important for mammals and birds. The flowers provide pollen and nectar to honey bees in early spring.
It is an important browse species for domestic livestock and wild animals. Cattle, sheep, and goats all use it as browse. It is sometimes the most preferred food species for white-tailed, black-tailed, and mule deer, elk, moose, and bighorn sheep. Small mammals, bears, upland game birds, and waterfowl feed to a lesser extent on leaves, buds, and seeds. Fresh browse (twigs and leaves) contain 41% dry matter, 4% protein, 2% fat, 20.8% nitrogen-free extract, 11.2% crude fiber, and good quantities of mineral nutrients.
Growth and management
Annual growth of sprouts from cut stems varies from in height annually. Up to 60 sprouts are produced per stem. Maximum height at 20 years is about . At higher elevations, shrubs reach in 15 years, after which growth slows until a maximum height of 10 m is reached. Fruits should be collected by hand or with pruning poles as soon as they turn from green to yellow. The capsules are air-dried until opening. Generally, the seeds should be sown as soon as possible because they remain viable for only a few days. Seed can be stored in sealed containers under refrigeration for four to six weeks, but germination begins to drop rapidly after 10 days. Seeds are broadcast on well-prepared beds that are kept continually moist until germination and seedling emergence. Light is required for successful germination. Recommended spacing using rooted cuttings for erosion control is 1.8 m by 1.8 m; for unrooted whips or shorter cuttings, 0.6 m. Rooted cuttings can be grown to 3 m tall in containers. Cuttings should be long, and whips (not recommended) should be 1.2 m long.
Uses
The wood, which is soft and close-grained, is not sawn into lumber, but is used to a limited extent for firewood and wood carving. The Secwepemc people of British Columbia used the wood for smoking fish, drying meat, and constructing fishing weirs, the inner bark for lashing, sowing, cordage, and headbands, and decoctions of twigs for treating pimples, body odor, and diaper rash. Some tribes used the stems as frames for buildings.
References
Anderson, M.D. 2001. Salix scouleriana. In: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, Rocky Mountain Research Station, Fire Sciences Laboratory, Missoula, MT. .
Hickman, edit. 2003. Jepson Manual: Salix scouleriana University of California, Berkeley, CA.
Brinkman, K.A. 1974. Salix L., willow. In: C.S. Schopmeyer, tech. coord. Seeds of woody plants in the United States. Agriculture Handbook 450.
U.S. Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, Washington, DC. p. 746-750.
Department of Ecology. 2003. Plant selection guide. State of Washington, Department of Ecology, Olympia, WA.
Forest Practices Branch. 1997. Operational summary for vegetation management: willow complex. . Forest Practices Branch, Ministry of Forests, Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.
Harrington, H.D. 1964. Manual of the plants of Colorado. Sage Books, Denver, CO.
Johnson, F.D. 1995. Wild trees of Idaho. University of Idaho Press, Moscow, ID.
Natural Resources Conservation Service. 2003. USDA Plants profile: Salix scouleriana
Peattie, D.C. 1953. A natural history of western trees. Houghton Mifflin Company, Boston, MA.
Sargent, C.S. 1923. Manual of the trees of North America (exclusive of Mexico). Houghton Mifflin, Boston, MA.
Secwepemc Cultural and Education Society. 2003. Secwepemc Nation, Kamloops, BC, Canada. Flood plain garden.
Treeguide.com. 2003. Scouler willow, Salix scouleriana Barratt ex Hook.
Viereck, L.A. and E.L. Little, Jr. 1972. Alaska trees and shrubs. Agriculture Handbook 410. Forest Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Washington, DC.
Welsh, S.L. 1974. Anderson's flora of Alaska and adjacent parts of Canada. Brigham Young University Press, Provo, UT.
John K. Francis, Research Forester, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, International Institute of Tropical Forestry, Jardín Botánico, 1201 Calle Ceiba, San Juan, PR 009261119. in cooperation with the University of Puerto Rico, Río Piedras, PR 00936-4984
External links
Jepson Manual eFlora (TJM2) treatment - Salix scouleriana
USDA Plants profile for Salix scouleriana (Scouler's willow)
Databases
scouleriana
Flora of the Northwestern United States
Flora of the Southwestern United States
Flora of Northeastern Mexico
Flora of Northwestern Mexico
Flora of Western Canada
Flora of Alaska
Flora of California
Flora of Coahuila
Flora of New Mexico
Flora of the Rocky Mountains
Flora of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Torrens Bridge railway station was a short-lived railway station on the Outer Harbor line in North Adelaide. The location of the station was east of Bonython Park. It was located about from Adelaide station.
The station was opened in 1883 as the result of a petition from a pressure group on behalf of residents of North Adelaide. Facilities consisted of two side platforms, buildings on both platforms and a footbridge between them. As its name suggests, the station was located just north of the railway bridge that crossed the River Torrens. Before the station closed, it was the closest station to Adelaide station, but Mile End is now the closest.
The station was closed in 1888 and demolished shortly after. It was the first railway station to close in South Australia. The buildings and footbridge were relocated to the newly opened Croydon station. No trace remains of where the station was located, but the pedestrian crossing close to where the North and Port Lines part way is close to the location of the station.
References
Pantlin G and J Sargent (eds). Railway stations in greater metropolitan Adelaide. Train Hobby, Melbourne. 2005.
Disused railway stations in South Australia
Railway stations closed in 1888
North Adelaide
The Nakajima C6N Saiun (彩雲, "Iridescent Cloud") was a carrier-based reconnaissance aircraft used by the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service in World War II. Advanced for its time, it was the fastest carrier-based aircraft put into service by Japan during the war. The Allied reporting name was Myrt.
Development and design
The C6N originated from a 1942 Imperial Japanese Navy specification for a carrier-based reconnaissance plane with a top speed of 350 knots (650 km/h) at 6,000 m and range of 2,500 nautical miles (4,960 km). Nakajima's initial proposal, designated N-50, was for a craft with two engines housed in tandem in the fuselage, driving two propellers mounted on the wings. With the development of the class Nakajima Homare engine, the dual powerplant configuration was abandoned and Nakajima decided on a more conventional single-engine layout. Unfortunately the new Homare's power output was less than expected, and the design had to be optimized in other areas. The resulting aircraft was designed around a long and extremely narrow cylindrical fuselage just large enough in diameter to accommodate the engine. The crew of three sat in tandem under a single canopy, while equipment was similarly arranged in a line along the fuselage. The C6N's low-mounted laminar flow wing housed fuel tanks and was fitted with both Fowler and slit flaps and leading-edge slats which lowered the aircraft's landing speed to ease use aboard aircraft carriers. Like Nakajima's earlier B6N Tenzan torpedo bomber, the vertical stabilizer was angled slightly forward to enable tighter packing on aircraft carrier decks.
The C6N's first flight was on 15 May 1943, with the prototype demonstrating a speed of . Performance of the Homare engine was disappointing, especially its power at altitude, and a series of 18 further prototypes and pre-production aircraft were built before the Saiun was finally ordered into production in February 1944.
Operational history
Although designed for carrier use, by the time it entered service in September 1944 there were few carriers left for it to operate from, so most C6Ns were flown from land bases. Its speed was exemplified by a telegraph sent after a successful mission: "No Grummans can catch us." ("我に追いつくグラマンなし"). The top speed of the Hellcat was indeed of the same level, so overtaking a Saiun was out of the question.
A total of 463 aircraft were produced. A single prototype of a turbocharged development mounting a 4-blade propeller was built; this was called the C6N2 Saiun-kai. Several examples of a night fighter version C6N1-S with oblique-firing (Schräge Musik configuration) single 30 mm (or dual 20 mm) cannon were converted from existing C6N1s. As Allied bombers came within reach of the Japanese home islands, a first class night fighter was required. This led Nakajima to develop the C6N1-S by removing the observer and replacing them with two 20 mm cannons. The C6N1-S's effectiveness was hampered by the lack of air-to-air radar, although it was fast enough to enjoy almost complete immunity from interception by Allied fighters. A torpedo carrying C6N1-B was also proposed, but was not needed after most of Japan's aircraft carriers were destroyed.
Despite its speed and performance, on 15 August 1945 a C6N1 happened to be the last aircraft to be shot down in World War II. Just five minutes later, the war was over and all Japanese aircraft were grounded.
Variants
Source:Famous Airplanes of the World
C6N1 Experimental Type 17 carrier reconnaissance plane (17試艦上偵察機, 17-Shi Kanjō Teisatsuki)
Three prototypes and sixteen supplementary prototypes produced, four-blade propeller; latter batch were equipped three-blade propeller, mounted Nakajima NK9K-L Homare 22 engine, No. 6 was mounted Nakajima NK9H Homare 21 engine. Renamed Test production Saiun (試製彩雲, Shisei Saiun) in July 1943.
C6N1 Saiun Model 11 (彩雲11型, Saiun 11-gata)
General production model. Three-blade propeller, mounted Nakajima NK9H Homare 21 engine.
C6N1-B Saiun Model 21 (彩雲21型, Saiun 21-gata)
Proposed torpedo bomber version. Only a project.
C6N1 Saiun Model 11 night fighter variant (彩雲11型改造夜戦, Saiun 11-gata Kaizō yasen)
Temporary rebuilt two-seat night fighter version; this was not a regulation naval aircraft. Development code C6N1-S was not discovered in the IJN official documents. One model with a singular 30 mm Type 5 cannon and at least five models with ×2 20 mm Type 99-1 cannon were converted from standard C6N1 models. One surviving example of the ×2 20mm cannon variant is stored in the Paul E. Garber Preservation, Restoration, and Storage Facility.
C6N2 Test production Saiun Kai/Saiun Model 12 (試製彩雲改/彩雲12型, Shisei Saiun Kai/Saiun 12-gata)
Fitted with four-blade propeller, 1,980-hp (1,476-kW) Nakajima NK9K-L Homare 24-Ru turbocharged engine. Two prototypes were converted from regular C6N1 models in February 1945.
C6N3 Test production Saiun Kai 1 (試製彩雲改1, Shisei Saiun Kai 1)
Proposed high-altitude night fighter version of the C6N2. Dual 20 mm cannons were installed. Only a project.
C6N4 Test production Saiun Kai 2 (試製彩雲改2, Shisei Saiun Kai 2)
Fitted 2,200-hp Mitsubishi MK9A Ha 43-11 Ru turbocharged engine, one prototype was converted from C6N1, incomplete.
C6N5 Test production Saiun Kai 3 (試製彩雲改3, Shisei Saiun Kai 3)
Proposed torpedo bomber version. Only a project.
C6N6 Test production Saiun Kai 4 (試製彩雲改4, Shisei Saiun Kai 4)
Wooden aircraft model. Only a project.
Operators
Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service
Naval Air Group
Yokosuka Kōkūtai
121st Kōkūtai
131st Kōkūtai
132nd Kōkūtai
141st Kōkūtai
171st Kōkūtai
210th Kōkūtai
302nd Kōkūtai
343rd Kōkūtai
701st Kōkūtai
723rd Kōkūtai
752nd Kōkūtai
762nd Kōkūtai
801st Kōkūtai
1001st Kōkūtai
Aerial Squadron
Reconnaissance 3rd Hikōtai
Reconnaissance 4th Hikōtai
Reconnaissance 11th Hikōtai
Reconnaissance 12th Hikōtai
Reconnaissance 102nd Hikōtai
Kamikaze
1st Mitate Special Attack Group (picked from 752nd Kōkūtai)
Sairyū Unit (picked from 752nd Kōkūtai, no sorties)
Saiun Unit (picked from 723rd Kōkūtai, no sorties)
Specifications (C6N1)
See also
Notes
Bibliography
Francillon, René J. Japanese Aircraft of the Pacific War. London: Putnam & Company Ltd., 1970. (2nd edition 1979, ).
Francillon, René J. Japanese Carrier Air Groups, 1941–45. London; Osprey Publishing Ltd., 1979. .
Mondey, David. The Concise Guide to Axis Aircraft of World War II. London: Chancellor Press, 1996. .
Further reading
Famous Airplanes of the World No. 108 Carrier Reconnaissance Plane "Saiun", Bunrindō (Japan), 2005. .
The Maru Mechanic No. 15 Nakajima C6N1 Carrier Based Rec. Saiun, Ushio Shobō (Japan), 1979.
Model Art, No. 458, Special issue Imperial Japanese Navy Air Force Suicide Attack Unit "Kamikaze", Model Art Co. Ltd. (Japan) 1995.
Kazuhiko Osuo, Kamikaze, Kōjinsha (Japan), 2005. . (This book is same as Model Art No. 458.)
External links
Low-wing aircraft
Carrier-based aircraft
C6N, Nakajima
World War II Japanese reconnaissance aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1943
The Angolan basketball Super Cup is a single-match competition in Angolan basketball, played between the Angolan league champion and the Angola Cup winner of the previous season. In case the same team happens to win both the league and the cup, the match will be played between the league winner and the cup runner-up.
The Super Cup match marks the beginning of the basketball season, followed by the league and the cup.
Clube Desportivo Primeiro de Agosto has been the most successful club in this competition with a total 12 titles won, whereas in the women's competition, Interclube and Clube Desportivo Primeiro de Agosto share the lead with a total 8 titles won each.
Angola Basketball Super Cup Finals (Men)
Angola Basketball Super Cup Winners (Men)
Angola Basketball Super Cup Finals (Women)
Angola Basketball Super Cup Winners (Women)
See also
Taça de Angola
Federação Angolana de Basquetebol
Supertaça de Angola (football)
Supertaça de Angola (handball)
Supertaça de Angola (roller hockey)
References
Basketball cup competitions in Angola
Probabilistic complementary metal-oxide semiconductor (PCMOS) is a semiconductor manufacturing technology invented by Pr. Krishna Palem of Rice University and Director of NTU's Institute for Sustainable Nanoelectronics (ISNE). The technology hopes to compete against current CMOS technology. Proponents claim it uses one thirtieth as much electricity while running seven times faster than the current fastest technology.
PCMOS-based system on a chip architectures were shown to be gains that are as high as a substantial multiplicative factor of 560 when compared to a competing energy-efficient CMOS based realization on applications based on probabilistic algorithms such as hyper-encryption, bayesian networks, random neural networks and probabilistic cellular automata.
References
Electronic design
Digital electronics
Logic families
Integrated circuits
Vetrovala Peak (, ) is the rocky peak rising to 983 m in the south part of Aldomir Ridge on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica. It is situated at the head of Sjögren Inlet between the termini of Sjögren and Boydell Glaciers. An offshoot of the peak forms Royak Point.
The peak is named after Vetrovala site in Vitosha Mountain, Western Bulgaria.
Location
Vetrovala Peak is located at , which is 11.47 km south by east of Lobosh Buttress, 11.92 km west of Mount Wild, 6.33 km north-northeast of Draka Nunatak, 11.83 km east of Mount Hornsby and 8.2 km southeast of Survakari Nunatak.
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR), 1993–2016.
Notes
References
Vetrovala Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Vetrovala Peak. Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Trinity Peninsula
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Ocaria is a Neotropical genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Ocaria clenchi (Johnson, 1992)
Ocaria aholiba (Hewitson, 1867)
Ocaria clepsydra (Druce, 1907)
Ocaria arpoxais (Godman & Salvin, [1887])
Ocaria cinerea (Lathy, 1936)
Ocaria sadiei (Weeks, 1901)
Ocaria petelina (Hewitson, 1877)
Ocaria elvira (Johnson, 1992)
Ocaria calesia (Hewitson, 1870)
Ocaria elongata (Hewitson, 1870)
Ocaria thales (Fabricius, 1793)
Ocaria arcula (Druce, 1907)
Ocaria ocrisia (Hewitson, 1868)
References
External links
Butterflies of the Americas Images
Butterflies of the Americas Ocaria aholiba type specimens
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by William J. Clench
Oak Ridge is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Adolfin may refer to:
Adolfin, Lublin Voivodeship
Adolfin, Masovian Voivodeship
Ephemera are transitory creations which are not meant to be retained or preserved. Its etymological origins extend to Ancient Greece, with the common definition of the word being: "the minor transient documents of everyday life". Ambiguous in nature, various interpretations of ephemera and related items have been contended, including menus, newspapers, postcards, posters, sheet music, stickers and valentines.
Since the printing revolution, ephemera has been a long-standing element of everyday life. Some ephemera are ornate in their design, acquiring prestige, whereas others are minimal and notably utilitarian. Virtually all conceptions of ephemera make note of the matter's disposability.
Ephemeron has long been collected by the likes of families, hobbyists and curators, with certain instances of ephemera intended to be collected. Literature by collectors and societies has contributed to a greater willingness to preserve ephemera, which is now ubiquitous in archives and library collections. Ephemeron has seen academic interest as a beneficial prospect to humanities and for its own sake, illustrating or providing insight into diverse matters, such as those of a sociological, cultural, or anthropological background.
Etymology and categorisation
The etymological origin of Ephemera () is the Greek epi () – "on, for" and hemera () – "day". This combination generated the term ephemeron in neuter gender; the neuter plural form is ephemera, the source of the modern word, which can be traced back to the works of Aristotle. The word is both plural and singular. The initial sense extended to the mayfly and other short-lived insects and flowers, belonging to the biological order Ephemeroptera. In 1751, Samuel Johnson used the term ephemerae in reference to "the papers of the day" – and is frequently cited as the term's creator. This application of ephemera has been cited as the first example of aligning it with transient prints. Ephemeral, by the mid-19th century, began to be used to generically refer to printed items. Ephemera and ephemerality have mutual connotations of "passing time, change, and the philosophically ultimate vision of our own existence". The degree to which ephemera are ephemeral is due in part to the value bestowed upon it and the passage of time has seen the ephemerality of certain ephemera decrease generally. Comic books, for example, were once considered ephemera however that perception later faded.
Ephemera, ambiguous in nature, has been noted to have had a history of assorted applications, the presently most common definition being: "the minor transient documents of everyday life". This definition ascribes ephemera's presence within the greater context of printed materials: ostensibly trivial mundanity. "[E]veryday life" establishes a connection to popular culture and social history; ephemera is an important aspect of said life, which, according to Henry Jenkins, showcases the immaterial nature of culture arising in daily life. Rick Prelinger noted that with greater value granted to ephemera, thus reducing ephemerality, the general definition may itself be short-lived.
With a virtual consensus between librarians that ephemera is "difficult", categorisation has burdened the field of library science and is similarly difficult for historiography due to the ambiguity of ephemera. A piece of ephemera's purpose, field of use and geography are among the various elements relevant to its categorisation. Challenges pertaining to ephemera include determining its creator, purpose, date and location of origin and impact thereof. Determining its worth in a present context, distinct from its perhaps obscured purpose, is also of interest.
The breadth of printed ephemera is vast and varied, often eluding simple definition. Librarians often conflate ephemera with grey literature whereas collectors often broaden the scope and definition of ephemera. José Esteban Muñoz considered the characteristics of ephemera to be subversion and social experience; Alison Byerly described ephemera as the response to cultural trends. Wasserman, who defined ephemera as "objects destined for disappearance or destruction", categorised the following as ephemera:
Further items that have been categorised as ephemera include: posters, album covers, meeting minutes, buttons, stickers, financial records and personal memorabilia; announcements of events in a life, such as a birth, a death, a graduation or marriage, have been described as ephemera. Textual material, uniformly, could be considered ephemera. Artistic ephemera include sand paintings, sculptures composed of intentionally transient material, graffiti, and guerrilla art. Historically, there have been various categories of ephemera. Genres may be defined by function or encompass and detail a specific item. Over 500 categories are listed in The Encyclopedia of Ephemera, ranging from the 18th to 20th century.
Forms
Printed ephemera
Commonly, printed ephemera are seen to not exceed "more than thirty-two pages in length", although some understandings are more broadly encompassing. Ephemera are chiefly observed as single page materials, with variance and repeat characteristics. The material usage of printed ephemera is very often minimal and much are without art, although a distinct design lexicon can be found in pieces. Early ephemera, functionally monochromatic and predominantly textual, indicates a greater access to printing from common people and later cheap photography. 17th century ephemera incorporated administrative elements and more visuals. Advertising and information are among the primary elements of ephemera; design elements, which are typically indicative of the period of origin, such as the Renaissance, likely changed in accordance to higher literacy rates. The prose of ephemera could range from pithy to relatively long (~400 words, for example). By the 19th century, color printing was present, as were vivid, creative, innovative and ornate design, due to the incorporation of lithography. The modern ephemera of duplicating machines and photocopiers are chiefly informative. Ephemera's "generic legibility" was achieved through the use of visuals, a quality that was significantly democratised by ephemera.
Various forms of printed ephemera deteriorate quickly, a key element in definitions of ephemera. Althoughbroad, pre-19th century ephemera has seldom survived. Much of ephemera was not intended to be disposed of. Assignats saw widespread contempt on account of their low-quality, endangering their survival rate. The temperance movement produced ubiquitous ephemera; some printed ephemera have had production quantities of millions, although quantifying the matter is often reliant upon limited yet vast approximation. Such temperance ephemera was prominent enough to elicit contemporaneous sentimentality and disdain. By this point, ephemera was printed by various establishments, having likely become a major element of some.
The mid-15th century has been identified as the origin of ephemera, following the Printing Revolution. Ephemera, such as religious indulgences, were significant in the early days of printing. The first mass produced ephemera is presumed to be a variant of indulgences (~1454/55). Demand for ephemera corresponded with an increasing scale of towns whereupon they were commonly dispersed on streets. Ephemeron has functioned as a substantial means of disseminating information, evident in public sectors such as tourism, finance, law and recreation and has "aided the proliferation of print media as an exchange of information". In their times, ephemera has been used for documentation, education, belligerence, critique and propaganda.
Lottery tickets, playbills and trade cards have been among the most prominent ephemera of eras, such as the Georgian and Civil War eras. Panoramic paintings were a far-reaching class of ephemera, few remaining as a result. Junk mail is a contemporary example of prominent ephemera. Ephemera's mundane ubiquity is a relatively modern phenomenon, evidenced by Henri Béraldi's amazed writings on their proliferation. Ubiquitous descriptions of printed ephemera have extended back to the 1840s and by the turn of the century, a time in which a deluge of ephemera had become commonplace, "readers [were] defined by their relationship with print ephemera". Discussing an increase in ephemera by the mid-19th century, E.S Dallas wrote that new etiquette had been introduced, thus "a new era" was to follow, espousing the impression that authorship and literature were no longer hermetic.
Digital ephemera
In 1998, librarian Richard Stone wrote that the internet "can be seen as the ultimate in ephemera with its vast amount of information and advertising which is extremely transitory and volatile in nature, and vulnerable to change or deletion". Multiple academics have described digital ephemera as being possibly more vulnerable than traditional forms. Internet memes and selfies have been described as forms of ephemera and various modern print ephemera features a digital component. Commonly printed ephemera increasingly only manifests digitally. The Tate Library defines "e-ephemera" as the digital-born content and paratext of an email, typically of a promotional variety, produced by cultural institutions; similar in nature, monographs, catalogues and micro-sites are excluded, per being considered e-books. Websites, such as those of an administrative nature, have seen description as ephemera. The likes of Instagram feature accounts dedicated to displaying graphically-designed ephemera.
Digital ephemera are of comparable nature to printed ephemera, although is even more prevalent and subject to altering perceptions of ephemera. Holly Callaghan of the Tate Library noted a proliferation of "e-ephemera"; an increased reliance upon this form of ephemera has engendered concern, with note to later accessibility and a difficultly to those outside of the intended recipients. Citing ostensibly infinite digital storage, Wasserman said that the category, ephemera, may cease to exist, its contents have being ultimately preserved.
Collecting
Ephemeron has long been substantially collected, thus the practice is "the enigma at the heart of ephemera". Victorian families pasted their collections of ephemera, acquiring the likes of scraps and trade cards, in scrapbooks whereas Georgian curators thoroughly archivied ephemera. It was a private endeavour, with little outward cultural presence, although an eminent interpersonal function. Cigarette cards were widely collected, by-design.
Ephemera, regardless of catergorisation, is ubiquitous in archives and library collections, such that "we are probably all ephemera collectors within our own institutions". Contemporarily, institutions have attempted to preserve digital ephemera, although problems may exist in regards to scope and interest. Ephemeron has been considered for curation since the 1970s, due in part to collectors, at which point societies, professional associations and publications regarding ephemera arose. Although ephemera is a global occurrence, interest is chiefly present in Britain and America. Ephemera collections can be idiosyncratic, sequential and difficult to peruse. Ephemera persevered can be among the only remaining reproductions.
Multiple scholars articulated a connection to the past, such as nostalgia, as a key motivation for ephemera collecting. Such a connection has been described as evocative and atmospheric; the memory as collective and cultural; the nostalgia as populist. Fading, escaping "our desires for permanence", ephemera become associated with remembrance and melancholy. Aesthetics, academic advancement and existential ephemerality have also been seen as motivation.
Academia
The study of print ephemera has seen much contention; various viewpoints and interpretations have been proposed from scholars, with comparisions to folklore studies and popular culture studies, due to the invoking of "remembrance and echoed retellings" and contending that which is more prestigious, respectively. Literature around ephemera concern its production, varieties: trade cards, broadside ballads, chapbooks, almanacs, and newspapers; scholars predominately examine ephemera post-19th century due to greater quantites thereof. A significant amount of scholars has been collectors, archivists and amateurs, particularly at the inception of ephemera studies, a now burgeoning academic field. Digitisation of ephemera has provided accesiblity and spurred renewed interest, following the "few writings" present at the start of the 21st century.
As a source, ephemera has been widely accepted. Ephemeron has been credited with illustrating social dynamics, including daily life, communication, social mobility and the enforcement of social norms. Furthermore, varied cultures from differing groups can be assessed via ephemera. Ephemera, to Rickards, documents "the other side of history...[which] contains all sorts of human qualities that would otherwise be edited out".
See also
Found Footage Festival
Prelinger Archives
The Show with No Name
Ephemeral
Ephemeris
Notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
Further reading
Printed Ephemera: The Changing Uses of Type and Letterforms in English and American Printing, John Lewis, Ipswich, Suffolk, Eng.: W. S. Cowell, 1962
The Encyclopedia of Ephemera: A Guide to the Fragmentary Documents of Everyday Life for the Collector, Curator, and Historian by Maurice Rickards et alia. London: The British Library; New York: Routledge, 2000.
Fragments of the Everyday: A Book of Australian Ephemera by Richard Stone (2005, )
External links
Ephemera Society of Australia
The Ephemera Society
Ephemera Society of America
Printed Ephemera in the Rare Book and Special Collections Division of the Library of Congress
Australian Lesbian and Gay Archives – Ephemera Collection
National Library of Australia – Ephemera Collection
GG Archives – Ephemera Collection
British Library – Evanian Collection of Ephemera
State Library of Victoria – Ephemera
State Library of Western Australia – Ephemera
The John Grossman Collection of Antique Images
New Zealand Ephemera Society website
Bibliothèque Nationale de France – Ephemera
ephemerastudies.org at Louisiana Tech University
Collection of digitized ephemera at Biblioteca Digital Hispánica, Biblioteca Nacional de España
Ephemerajournal. theory & politics of organization
Book collecting
Documents
A presidential sash is a cloth sash worn by presidents of many nations in the world. Such sashes are worn by presidents in Africa, Asia, Europe and, most notably, in Latin America.
The sash is an important symbol of the continuity of the presidency, and is only worn by the president. Its value as a symbol of the office of the head of state can be compared to that of a crown in monarchies. When the president leaves office, they or they formally present the sash to their or their successor as part of the official inauguration ceremony.
Presidential sashes are usually very colorful and very large and designed to resemble the nation's flag, especially those of Latin American presidents. They are usually worn over the right shoulder to the left side of the hip. The national coat of arms is also usually placed on the sash. A national order's star or chain of office can also be worn.
Gallery
Current national leaders
Former national leaders
See also
Livery collar
O'Higgins Pioche
External links
Ceremonial clothing
Fashion accessories
Formal insignia
Sashes
Presidents
Forest Creek is a locality in the Shire of Douglas, Queensland, Australia. In the , it had a population of 103.
Geography
The Daintree River forms the southern boundary.
References
Shire of Douglas
Localities in Queensland
The Cunningham C-2R was a sports racing car developed in 1951 by the B. S. Cunningham Company. A team of three cars were entered in the 1951 24 Hours of Le Mans.
History
The C-2R was the successor to the C-1. Three C-2 cars were built, all to racing specifications, and getting the "R" designation. The C-2R's front suspension used Ford parts, while the rear suspension had Oldsmobile springs and the brake system used Cadillac components. Unable to secure a supply of the Cadillac engine that had been used in the C1, Cunningham substituted a version of the Chrysler FirePower Hemi V8 in the C-2R.
Motorsports
The C-2R debuted at Le Mans in 1951. All three cars were entered, driven by teams John Fitch and Phil Walters, George Rand and Fred Wacker Jr., and Briggs Cunningham and George Huntoon. Two of the three cars ended up retiring on lap 76 and 98 (9 and 11 hours), respectively, after an accident. Although the third car, with drivers John Fitch and Phil Walters, managed to complete 223 laps, they were not classified. They did finish, and placed 18th in class.
References
1950s cars
Sports cars
Cars of the United States
24 Hours of Le Mans race cars
Solanum verrucosum is a species of wild potato in the family Solanaceae, native to Mexico. It is typically found in cloud forests at above sea level. Its tubers are small and late to develop, but said to be quite tasty.
A diploid, it is being extensively studied for its resistance to Phytophthora infestans (the cause of late potato blight), and Potato leafroll virus, in an effort to improve the domestic potato Solanum tuberosum.
References
verrucosum
Endemic flora of Mexico
Flora of Northeastern Mexico
Flora of Central Mexico
Flora of Veracruz
Flora of Southwestern Mexico
Plants described in 1840
Taxa named by Diederich Franz Leonhard von Schlechtendal
Weightlifting is one of the sports at the quadrennial Mediterranean Games competition. It has been a sport in the program of the Mediterranean Games since its inception in 1951.
Editions
All-time medal table
Updated after the 2022 Mediterranean Games
References
Mediterranean Games 1951 Results (PDF file)
Mediterranean Games 1955 Results (PDF file)
Mediterranean Games 1959 Results (PDF file)
Mediterranean Games 1967 Results (PDF file)
Mediterranean Games 1971 Results (PDF file)
Mediterranean Games 1975 Results (PDF file)
Mediterranean Games 1979 Results (PDF file)
Mediterranean Games 1983 Results (PDF file)
Mediterranean Games 1987 Results (PDF file)
Mediterranean Games 1991 Results (PDF file)
Mediterranean Games 1993 Results (PDF file)
Mediterranean Games 1997 Results (PDF file)
Mediterranean Games 2001 Results (PDF file)
Mediterranean Games 2005 Results (PDF file)
Official website of the 2009 Mediterranean Games (archived)
Official website of the 2013 Mediterranean Games (archived)
Weightlifting
Mediterranean Games
Starfield is the first major label album by the Christian music band Starfield. It was released on May 18, 2004, by Sparrow Records.
Track listing
"Filled with Your Glory (Prelude)"
"Filled with Your Glory"
"Love Break Me"
"Revolution"
"Alive in This Moment"
"Tumbling After"
"Outstretched Hands"
"Ordinary Life"
"Over My Head"
"Can I Stay Here Forever?"
"All for You"
"Cry in My Heart"
Personnel
Jon Neufeld - electric guitar, background vocals
Shaun Huberts
Tim Neufeld - vocals, acoustic guitar
John Andrews
Matt Bronleewe
References
2004 albums
Starfield (band) albums
Sparrow Records albums
Carenum nitidipes is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1916.
References
nitidipes
Beetles described in 1916
Dewan is the label for ethnic Yakkha people. In Sikkim it is a name of the Yakkha people only.
References
Social groups of Nepal
The Battle of Ravenna in 729 was fought between the troops of the Eastern Roman (Byzantine) Exarchate of Ravenna and a force of Lombard Italians. This was in response to Emperor Leo III the Isaurian outlawing the veneration of holy icons, which Pope Gregory II was against. After a fierce battle, the Eastern Roman Army was overcome and thousands of Byzantines were killed.
References
Ravenna
720s in the Byzantine Empire
729
Ravenna
Ravenna
Ravenna
Paulius Valinskas (born 9 December 1995) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player for FMP of the Basketball League of Serbia and the ABA League.  They are a 1.91 m (6'3") tall combo guard.
Early career
During the 2015–16 season with BC Žalgiris-2, Valinskas won the National Basketball League silver medals losing to BC Sūduva in the final. They averaged 14.5 points and 3.2 assists in 29 minutes of action and got the 2015–16 Most Improved Player Award.
Professional career
After a breakout season with Žalgiris-2, Valinskas was invited into the main Žalgiris team in the summer of 2016. During their first two years, they saw little playing time. In the 2017–18 season, they averaged 4.7 points in the LKL and 2.8 points in the Euroleague. On November 3, 2017, during an away game against CSKA Moscow, Valinskas scored a career high 11 points, making 3 of their 4 three-pointers.
On August 6, 2018, Valinskas was loaned to Lietkabelis Panevėžys. In 55 games played during the season (both in the LKL and the Champions League), Valinskas averaged 11.9 points, 3.3 assists and 2.6 rebounds, shooting 46% from the field overall.
On August 2, 2019, they went on loan to French club Orléans Loiret Basket of the LNB Pro A.
On August 12, 2021, Valinskas signed with Okapi Aalst of the Belgian BNXT League.
On August 4, 2022, they signed a two-year contract for FMP of the Basketball League of Serbia and the ABA League.
References
External links
Paulius Valinskas at euroleague.net
Paulius Valinskas at LKL.lt
1995 births
Living people
BC Lietkabelis players
BC Žalgiris players
BC Žalgiris-2 players
Lithuanian expatriate basketball people in Belgium
Lithuanian expatriate basketball people in France
Lithuanian expatriate basketball people in Serbia
Lithuanian men's basketball players
KK FMP players
Okapi Aalstar players
Orléans Loiret Basket players
Point guards
Basketball players from Kaunas
Abdelrazaq Al Hussain (; born 15 September 1986, in Aleppo) is a Syrian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Saudi Arabian club Al-Ansar and the Syria national team.
Career
Club career
Al Hussain's career began in the youth system of Al-Hurriya before starting their professional career with the senior team. They moved to Syrian League club Al-Jaish in 2006. In August 2010, they transferred to SPL club Al-Karamah. Al Hussain moved to Saudi Professional League club Al-Taawon in July 2011 but the contract has been dissolved in February 2012. Al Hussain then moved to Iraq and signed a contract with Arbil SC.
International career
Al Hussain was a part of the Syrian Under-19 national team that finished in Fourth place in the 2004 AFC U-19 Championship in Malaysia and they were a part of the Syrian U-20 national team in the 2005 FIFA U-20 World Cup in the Netherlands.
They play against Canada and Italy in the group-stage of the FIFA U-20 World Cup and against Brazil in the Round of 16. They scored one goal in the second match of the group-stage against Italy.
They have been a regular for the Syrian national football team since 2006. Al Hussain was selected to Valeriu Tiţa's 23-man final squad for the 2011 AFC Asian Cup in Qatar and they started the opening group game against Saudi Arabia and scored Syria's two goals in a 2–1 victory. They played the remaining two group games against Japan and Jordan.
International statistics
Scores and results table. Syria's goal tally first:
|}
Honour and titles
Club
Al-Jaish Damascus
Syrian Premier League: 2009–10
National Team
AFC U-19 Championship 2004: Fourth place
FIFA U-20 World Cup 2005: Round of 16
Nehru Cup: 2009 Runners-up
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Aleppo
Syrian footballers
Association football midfielders
Hurriya SC players
Al-Jaish Damascus players
Al-Karamah players
Al-Taawoun FC players
Erbil SC players
Dibba Al-Hisn Sports Club players
Hatta Club players
Dibba FC players
Al-Riyadh SC players
Al Ahed FC players
Nejmeh SC players
Al-Nasr SC (Salalah) players
Al-Ansar FC (Medina) players
Syrian Premier League players
Saudi Professional League players
Iraqi Premier League players
UAE Pro League players
UAE First Division League players
Saudi First Division League players
Lebanese Premier League players
Oman Professional League players
Syria international footballers
Footballers at the 2006 Asian Games
2011 AFC Asian Cup players
Asian Games competitors for Syria
Syrian expatriate footballers
Syrian expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Syrian expatriate sportspeople in Iraq
Syrian expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Syrian expatriate sportspeople in Lebanon
Syrian expatriate sportspeople in Oman
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate footballers in Iraq
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate footballers in Lebanon
Expatriate footballers in Oman
Auraka is a locality in the Keia district, on the western side of the island of Mangaia in the Cook Islands. The Keia district contains at least two ancient burial caves, Kauvava and Piri Te Umeume, which were accessed by diagonal descents through boulder-strewn roof collapses from the top of the makatea, the limestone cliffs that form a concentric ring around the central basalt core of the island (Anton and Steadman 2003:133, 136). Gill, an early source for the mythology of Mangaia, noted a cave in Keia named Auraka, with one of its two entrances named Kauvava (1876a:71–79). However, according to Anton and Steadman (page 136), Gill's "description of the physical features of this cave does not match that of the cave currently known as Kauvava". Gill describes Auraka as a cave which is the 'last resting-place of the dead' (Gill 1876b:202, 243).
Claims of mythological associations
In a few sources on the Internet, Auraka is erroneously described as a Polynesian god of death; these sources also claim that Auraka translates as 'all-devouring'. However, the word 'auraka' in Cook Islands Māori is a prohibitive adverb, with the approximate meaning 'do not'; it does not mean 'all-devouring'. The idea that Auraka is an all-devouring god of death appears to be a false assumption deriving from a misreading of Gill, where 'all-devouring' is their translation of the word 'maumau' in a line from a Mangaian song of mourning. The line that Gill translates as "From all-devouring Auraka" is O Rākā maumau e! (1846b:243). Gill comments on the same page that this is a reference to "Auraka, the last resting-place of the dead", and they make no suggestion that Auraka is a god of death rather than a burial cave. 'All-devouring' is certainly possible as a poetic translation of 'maumau', the basic sense of which is 'to be wasteful'; in the song, it is clear that 'maumau' (and therefore 'all-devouring') is a poetic description, rather than a translation of the name.
Notes
References
S.C. Anton and D.W. Steadman, 'Mortuary Patterns in Burial Caves on Mangaia, Cook Islands'. International Journal of Osteoarchaeology, 13: 132–146 (2003). Source URL:
W.W. Gill, 1876a. Life in the Southern Isles. Religious Tract Society: London.
W.W. Gill, 1876b. Myths and Songs from the South Pacific. H.S. King: London.
Geography of the Cook Islands
Mangaia
The Institution of Electronics and Telecommunication Engineers (IETE) is India's leading recognized professional society devoted to the advancement of science, technology, electronics, telecommunication and information technology. Founded in 1953, it serves more than 70,000+ members through 60+ centers/sub centers primarily located in India (3 abroad). The Institution provides leadership in scientific and technical areas of direct importance to the national development and economy. Association of Indian Universities (AIU), Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) has recognized AMIETE, ALCCS (Advanced Level Course in Computer Science). Government of India has recognized IETE as a Scientific and Industrial Research Organization (SIRO) and also notified as an educational institution of national eminence. The IETE focuses on advancement of electronics and telecommunication technology. The IETE conducts and sponsors technical meetings, conferences, symposium, and exhibitions all over India, publishes technical and research journals and provides continuing education as well as career advancement opportunities to its members.
IETE today is one of the prominent technical institution to provide education to working professionals in India and is fast expanding its wings across the country through its 60+ centres. Since 1953, IETE has expanded its educational activities in areas of electronics, telecommunications, computer science and information technology. IETE conduct programs by examination, leading to DipIETE equivalent to Diploma in Engineering, AMIETE equivalent to B Tech, and ALCCS equivalent to M Tech. IETE started Dual Degree, Dual Diploma and Integrated programs in December 2011. DipIETE is a three year, six semester course whereas AMIETE is a four year, eight semester course. IETE conducts examination for the above said courses, twice a year once in June and in December. Courses are divided into two sections, Section A and Section B. Courses of IETE are recognized by IISc, IIT, NIT, IIIT, IIM, CMI, TIFR, ISI, IIIT various Central and State Universities. IETE graduates are eligible to take national levels tests like GATE, CAT, JEST etc. for Masters as well as for PhD admissions in various leading technical institutions across the country. AMIETE by examination is recognized by the AICTE and MHRD, Government of India, as equivalent to B.E./B.Tech. IETE is a member of ECI.
References
External links
http://ietedelhi.org//
http://www.iete.org/theiete.htm
http://www.iete-elan.ac.in
https://web.archive.org/web/20120510141642/http://iete.org/presidentmsg.pdf
http://www.ietejaipur.org
Indian engineering organisations
Telecommunications in India
Professional associations based in India
Electronic engineering
Telecommunication education
The Lemuel Shattuck Hospital Correctional Unit is a 23 bed, medium security facility located on the eighth floor of the Lemuel Shattuck Hospital in Jamaica Plain, Massachusetts. This facility serves as the primary acute medical care facility for inmates in the state prison system. This unit is under the jurisdiction of the Massachusetts Department of Correction.
History
The LSHCU was established in 1974 as a federally funded pilot program to serve as the DOC's acute care medical facility. The unit originally consisted of a seven bed ward on the eighth floor of the hospital. By 1979, the commonwealth took financial control of the facility from the federal government due to the success of the facility. Also by this time, the DOC entered into an agreement with the Massachusetts Department of Public Health to provide medical care to state inmates. In 1982, an out-patient clinic was constructed and in 1987, the last phase of the expansion of the eighth floor was completed. As of 2015, the facility has 23 beds and can also accommodate up to 100 out-patient inmates at any one time.
References
Buildings and structures in Boston
Prisons in Massachusetts
1974 establishments in Massachusetts
Dynatocephala altivola is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 32 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish yellow, but pale brownish in the distal half of the wing. The suffusions and rows of dots in the posterior third of the wing are brown. The markings are also brown, but partially diffuse. The hindwings are greyish brown.
References
Moths described in 2009
Archipini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Los Chiles is a district of the Los Chiles canton, in the Alajuela province of Costa Rica.
History
Los Chiles was originally settled by fishermen and others who worked on the nearby Río San Juan in Nicaragua. It was granted the title of "ciudad" (city) by a law of May 4, 1970.
During the 1980s, it was a strategic location on an important supply route for the Contras fighting to overthrow the Sandinista government in Nicaragua, and during that time military men from the United States were a common (albeit illegal) sight on the streets on the town.
Geography
Los Chiles has an area of km² and an elevation of metres.
It is on the San Carlos Plain (Llanura de San Carlos) in northern Costa Rica, 14 kilometers southeast of San Carlos in Nicaragua, 97 kilometers northwest of Ciudad Quesada, 175 kilometers from the provincial capital city of Alajuela, and 198 kilometers from the national capital city of San Jose.
Demographics
For the 2011 census, Los Chiles had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The district is covered by the following road routes:
National Route 35
National Route 138
National Route 760
Airports
Los Chiles is served by Los Chiles Airport, a grass runway on the east side of town.
Economy
Los Chiles is a "border town," only four kilometers from Nicaragua. The vast majority of the population of the city was born in Nicaragua. The Río Frío, on the western edge of town, is a major thoroughfare used to access small villages and farms in the surrounding area.
The town is also an agriculture and sportfishing center. A gas station is located here, the only one for 20 kilometers in any direction, and a civil guard checkpoint is on Highway 35 south of town. There is a bank and a few basic restaurants and cabinas for lodging.
Tourism
Caño Negro Wildlife Refuge: a watery lowland of lush sloughs and marshes, a seasonal lake, and abundant wildlife. Boats can be hired at Los Chiles for traveling the 23 kilometers down the Río Frío to Lake Caño Negro inside the reserve. The area is a birdwatcher's paradise. Tours to Caño Negro from La Fortuna and the Arenal Volcano area come by bus to Los Chiles, where visitors then board canopied boats for the trip down the Río Frío to the reserve. (29 kilometers southwest of Los Chiles via Highway 4 to El Parque, then west to San Emilio, and southwest on Highway 138 to Caño Negro)
Solentiname Islands: an archipelago in Nicaragua lake. These islands are home to fishermen, farmers, and many painters and crafters. They are reached from Los Chiles by traveling up the Río Frío to the city of San Carlos in Nicaragua, from where boats journey into the lake to the islands.
Climate
This area typically has a pronounced dry season. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Los Chiles has a tropical savanna climate, abbreviated "Aw" on climate maps.
References
Districts of Alajuela Province
Populated places in Alajuela Province
Y Prifardd, literally The Chief Bard, is the Welsh title given to bards who have won either the chair or the crown in the National Eisteddfod of Wales. It is a very highly respected title in the Welsh language community, due to an acknowledgement of the artistic talent required to acquire it.
Prifardd is used both as a common noun ("he is a prifardd") and as an honorific that precedes the title-holder's name in the way that 'The Reverend' or 'The Honourable' would be used in English; for example, "Y Prifardd Christine James".
For lists of chaired and crowned bards, see Chaired Bards (category) and Crowned Bards (category).
References
Eisteddfod
Titles
Welsh poetry
The River Fire was a wildfire that broke out from a lightning storm early on August 16, 2020 in Monterey County, California, south of Salinas, near River Road and Mount Toro. Within its first day, it spread to 2,000 acres and was 10% contained; mandatory evacuations were ordered, while air and ground crews worked the fire.
On August 17, the fire, three miles south of Salinas, spread to 2,800 acres and threatened 1,500 structures; four firefighters were injured.
The fire had burned 4,070 acres by August 18, and as of August 19, the fire had grown to over 10,000 acres. By August 21, over 42,000 acres had burned and the fire was 12% contained. The nearby Carmel Fire was over 5,069 acres and five percent contained.
On September 4, Cal Fire reported that both the River Fire and the Carmel Fire were 100% contained. The River Fire had burned 48,088 acres and the Carmel Fire had burned 6,905 acres; between them, they had destroyed 103 structures and damaged 20.
When a strong atmospheric river winter storm came to the burned area in January, 2021, a mudslide occurred and damaged homes and barns near River Road, and trapped several horses that were later rescued.
References
Wildfires in Monterey County, California
2020 California wildfires
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1997.
1997
Notes
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1997 at HKcinemamagic.com
1997
Lists of 1997 films by country or language
1997 in Hong Kong
Blues Bred in the Bone is an album by trombonist Ray Anderson which was recorded in 1988 and released on the Enja label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow stated "Unlike on their previous Old Bottles - New Wine recording, trombonist Ray Anderson's high-note technique gets the better of them on this set. They often come across as a one-line Las Vegas comedian who constantly exclaims, "Look how high I can play!" ... this has to be considered one of Anderson's lesser efforts".
Track listing
All compositions by Ray Anderson except where noted
"Blues Bred in the Bone" – 7:58
"53rd and Greenwood" – 8:04
"Mona Lisa" (Ray Evans, Jay Livingston) – 4:46
"Datune" – 5:19
"A Flower Is a Lovesome Thing" (Billy Strayhorn) – 6:22
"Hemlines" – 7:56
"I Don't Want to Set the World on Fire" (Bennie Benjamin, Eddie Durham, Sol Marcus, Eddie Seiler) – 5:10
Personnel
Ray Anderson – trombone
John Scofield – guitar
Anthony Davis – piano
Mark Dresser – bass
Johnny Vidacovich – drums
References
Ray Anderson (musician) albums
1988 albums
Enja Records albums
"Shades" is the first single by the American singer-songwriter Alexandra Savior. It was released on June 17, 2016, by Columbia Records as the first single from Belladonna of Sadness.
Personnel
Alexandra Savior – lead vocals
Alex Turner – guitars, bass guitar, keyboards, synthesizers
James Ford – keyboards, synthesizers, drums, percussion
References
2016 songs
Alexandra Savior songs
Songs written by Alex Turner (musician)
Columbia Records singles
Song recordings produced by James Ford (musician)
Songs written by Alexandra Savior
Bob Casey Jr. (born 1960) is a U.S. Senator from Pennsylvania since 2007. Senator Casey may also refer to:
Bob Casey Sr. (1932–2000), Pennsylvania State Senate
Jack Casey (born 1935), New Jersey Senate
Lyman R. Casey (1837–1914), U.S. Senator from North Dakota from 1889 to 1893
Michael E. Casey (1870–1949), Missouri State Senate
Samuel K. Casey (1818–1871), Illinois State Senate
Thomas S. Casey (1832–1891), Illinois State Senate
Zadok Casey (1796–1862), Illinois State Senate
Gymnastics at the 2013 Games of the Small States of Europe was held from 28–30 May 2013 in Stade Josy Barthel, Luxembourg.
Medal summary
Medal table
Men
Women
References
External links
Site of the 2013 Games of the Small States of Europe
Result book
2013 in gymnastics
2013 Games of the Small States of Europe
Gymnastics at the Games of the Small States of Europe
Kalupur is a central area in Ahmedabad, the financial centre of Gujarat, India.
Geography
It is located at .
Location
Kalupur is the central part of Ahmedabad city. Kalupur Bus Station runs buses to all major destinations in Ahmedabad city. The station is operated by Ahmedabad Municipal Transport Service (AMTS).
Ahmedabad's main central railway station is also at Kalupur.
Places of interest
Shri Swaminarayan Temple, Ahmedabad is a delightful shrine situated at Kalupur. This is the first temple of the Shri Swaminarayan Sampraday. The temple enshrines images of Lord Narnarayandev, Lord Radhakrishna Dev, Lord Dharmadev-BhaktiMata, Lord Harikrishna Maharaj, Lord Ghanshyam Maharaj and Lord Balswaroop Ghanshyam Maharaj.
References
External links
About Swaminarayan Temple
Neighbourhoods in Ahmedabad
Santa Bárbara de Goiás is a municipality in eastern Goiás state, Brazil.
Location
Santa Bárbara is located due west of Goiânia. Nearby towns are Trindade (40 km. to the east), and Nazário (17 km. to the west). The regional center, Anicuns) is 25 km. to the northwest.
Highway connections are made from Goiânia by state highway BR-069 west from Goiânia, through Trindade, and then 40 kilometers west to Santa Bárbara de Goiás. Neighboring municipalities are Avelinópolis, Nazário, Campestre de Goiás, and Guapó.
Demographics
In 2007 the population density was 40.53 inhabitants/km2. In 2007 there were 5,003 people living in the urban area and 655 people living in the rural area.
The economy
The economy is based on services, public employment, cattle raising, and agriculture. There was one financial institution, a branch of Itaú Bank. In 2006 there were 16,600 head of cattle. The main agricultural products were rice, bananas, beans, manioc, corn, soybeans, and tomatoes.
Health and education
There was 1 hospital with 13 beds in 2007. In 2000 the infant mortality rate was 23,42—below the national average of 33.0. In 2006 the school system had 4 schools and 1,609 students. In 2000 the adult literacy rate was 85.5%--below the national average of 86.4%. The ranking on the Municipal Human Development Index was 0.733
State ranking on MHDI: 134 (out of 242 municipalities)
National ranking on MHDI: 2.357 (out of 5,507 municipalities)
History
The settlement of Santa Bárbara began in 1930 with the arrival in the area of its first settlers, Pedro Luís Tavares, Antônio José de Araújo, and Tomás Lobo. Two years later the construction began of a chapel honoring Saint Barbara, known as defender against storms and lightning, which were very common in the area. At first it was a district of the municipality of Trindade and got city status in 1963. Source: Sepin
See also
List of municipalities in Goiás
Microregions of Goiás
References
Frigoletto
Sepin
Municipalities in Goiás
Bon Rud () may refer to:
Bon Rud, Fars
Bon Rud District, in Isfahan Province
Lasse Vibe (born 22 February 1987) is a Danish former professional footballer who played as a forward or winger. After beginning their career in their native Denmark, they came to prominence in Sweden with IFK Göteborg and has also played in England and China. Vibe was a Denmark international and captained the 2016 Denmark Olympic team.
Club career
AGF
Vibe began their career in their native Denmark with local club AIA-Tranberg, before moving to AGF in 2001. They returned to AIA-Tranberg for a spell in 2003, before returning to AGF the following year. They progressed through AGF's youth system to become captain of the youth team and on 8 August 2005 it was reported that they had signed a two-year professional contract. A persistent knee injury hindered Vibe's progression from the youth to the reserve team during the 2005–06 Danmarksserien season. After a successful recovery, they made their professional debut on the final day of the 2006–07 1. division season in a 3–1 defeat to Hobro IK, though the result was irrelevant as promotion to the Superliga was already secured. On 28 June 2007, Vibe signed a new two-year contract.
Vibe failed to feature for the first team during the 2007–08 season and had to wait until 23 August 2008 to make their next appearance, which came in a DBU Pokalen second round match versus Viby IF. They came on as a 54th-minute substitute and scored their first goal for the club two minutes later, before adding another in injury time to cap an 8–0 win. Vibe departed the club in December 2008, with sporting director Brian Steen Nielsen admitting that they needed to move on for the sake of their career.
FC Fyn
In December 2008, Vibe signed a contract with 2. division West club FC Fyn, effective from 1 January 2009. They hit the ground running, scoring seven goals in 13 games in the second half of the 2008–09 season and they won the first silverware of their career when Fyn won the division title, which sealed promotion to the 1. division. Vibe began their first full season of first team football as a regular, but ended the 2009–10 campaign with just seven goals from 31 appearances as Fyn finished safely in mid-table. They departed the club after the season and scored 14 goals in 44 appearances during 18 months at the Odense Atletikstadion.
FC Vestsjælland
In February 2010, it was reported that Vibe had signed a contract with 1. division club FC Vestsjælland, effective 1 July 2010. They scored 12 goals in 29 appearances during their debut season, in which the Vikings finished in mid-table. They scored six goals in 15 games in the first half of the 2011–12 season before departing the club in December 2011.
SønderjyskE
In December 2011, Vibe moved up to the Superliga to sign for SønderjyskE. They had to wait until March 2012 to make their debut and played the opening 66 minutes of a 1–0 defeat to Brøndby IF, before being substituted for Bjørn Paulsen. They came into form in mid-April and scored five goals in a six-match spell. They finished the 2011–12 season with six goals from 15 appearances. Vibe made 34 appearances and scored 13 goals during the 2012–13 season (scoring eight of those goals in the space of 11 matches) and departed the club in June 2013, despite having signed a new three-and-a-half year contract in December 2012. Vibe made 49 appearances and scored 19 goals during 18 months at the Haderslev Fodboldstadion.
IFK Göteborg
Vibe moved to Sweden to sign for Allsvenskan club IFK Göteborg in June 2013. They scored their first goal for the club in a 4–0 Svenska Cupen second round win over Lunds BK on 22 August. They were denied their first Swedish silverware after an injury time Guillermo Molins goal secured a 3–2 victory for Malmö FF in the 2013 Svenska Supercupen. Vibe finished the 2013 season with 18 appearances, four goals and helped Göteborg to third place in the table and qualification for the Europa League.
Vibe was in prolific goalscoring form during the 2014 season, scoring 29 goals in 36 appearances and finished the season as the Allsvenskan's top scorer. They were nominated for the 2014 Danish Player of the Year award, but lost to Tottenham Hotspur's Christian Eriksen. Vibe scored 13 goals in 23 appearances during the opening five months of the 2015 season and scored 7 goals during Göteborg's victorious 2014–15 Svenska Cupen campaign, which included the opening goal in a 2–1 win over Örebro SK in the final on 17 May 2015. They left the club on 24 July 2015, after having scored 46 goals in 77 appearances for the Angels.
Brentford
On 24 July 2015, it was announced that Vibe had moved to England to sign a three-year contract with Championship club Brentford for a €1.3 million fee. The departure of forward Andre Gray on 21 August opened up a place in the starting lineup for Vibe, albeit as a winger. Despite being deployed out wide, they scored five goals in 11 games before injury to Marco Djuricin in November 2015 led interim coach Lee Carsley move Vibe into the team's lone striker position. After the switch, they just twice more prior to Christmas and then entered a long goal drought, due to the struggling midfield leaving them increasingly isolated up front and the effects of nearly 18 months of constant football. They finally came back into form in the final five weeks of the season and went on a run of scoring seven goals in as many matches. Vibe made 42 appearances during 2015–16 season and scoring 14 goals, which tied them with Alan Judge as Brentford's top scorer.
After an extended spell away on international duty, Vibe returned in time for Brentford's fifth match of the 2016–17 season versus Rotherham United. One week later, they scored their first goal of the season against Sheffield Wednesday, but was sent off late in the 1–1 draw. They scored again in a 4–1 win over Reading on 27 September 2016, but was ruled out after suffering damaged ankle ligaments during a 0–0 draw with Wigan Athletic on 1 October. Vibe regained their starting place on their return in early November, but as in the previous season, they suffered a goal drought and failed to score again until 7 January 2017, when they deputised for the injured Scott Hogan as the team's lone striker in an FA Cup third round victory over Eastleigh. The continuing unavailability of Hogan and then their departure at the end of the January transfer window saw Vibe keep the lone striker role and they returned to form, scoring 14 goals in 21 matches between 7 January and the end of the season. They finished the season as Brentford's top scorer with 16 goals from 36 appearances.
The early part of Vibe's 2017–18 season was disrupted by nearly two months on the sidelines due to a foot injury suffered during a 2–0 defeat to Ipswich Town on 19 August 2017. They scored their first goals of the season with seven in an eight-match spell from November through to January and was nominated for the December PFA Championship Fans' Player of the Month award. The run of goals would prove to be Vibe's last for the club and they departed Griffin Park on 10 February 2018. During two-and-a-half seasons with Brentford, Vibe made 97 appearances and scored 37 goals.
Changchun Yatai
On 10 February 2018, Vibe transferred to Chinese Super League club Changchun Yatai for an undisclosed fee, speculated to be £2 million. In a disastrous 2018 season, which culminated in relegation to China League One, Vibe made just 11 appearances and scored one goal. They were given a free transfer by the club after the season.
Return to IFK Göteborg
On 3 April 2019, Vibe returned to Allsvenskan club IFK Göteborg on a one-year contract, with the option for a further year. They made 21 appearances and scored six goals during a mid-table 2019 season and departed the club at the end of the campaign. Across their two spells with IFK Göteborg, Vibe made 98 appearances and scored 52 goals.
FC Midtjylland
On 4 November 2019, it was announced that in January 2020, Vibe would transfer to Danish Superliga club FC Midtjylland on an 18-month contract. During what remained of the club's 2019–20 championship-winning season, they made 13 appearances and scored two goals. Vibe made 12 appearances and scored two goals during the 2020–21 season and retired at the end of the campaign.
International career
Youth
Vibe was called into a Denmark U19 squad while a youth, but did not play. In July 2016, they were called up to the Denmark 2016 Summer Olympics squad as one of three overage players and was named as captain of the team shortly before the tournament. They made four appearances and scored no goals in the tournament as Denmark were knocked out by Nigeria in the quarter-finals.
Full
Following good goalscoring form for SønderjyskE, Vibe they received their maiden call-up to the senior Danish national team for a friendly match against Slovakia on 8 August 2012. They were an unused substitute during the 3–1 defeat. Their debut came just over two years later, against Turkey in a friendly on 3 September 2014, in which Vibe replaced Thomas Kahlenberg in the 64th minute of the 2–1 defeat. Four days later, Vibe made their competitive debut for Denmark in a 2–1 win over Armenia in Euro 2016 qualifying. They scored their first international goal in the following match, an 81st-minute equaliser in a 1–1 draw with Albania in Elbasan. Vibe was announced as a member of the Denmark squad for the 2016 Kirin Cup, but did not play due to injury. Vibe's international career ended in 2017, by which time they had won 11 caps and scored one goal. Unlike their natural forward position at club level, Vibe found themselves utilised as a winger at international level.
Personal life
Vibe has twin children and their older brother Rasmus is also a footballer. Alongside football, Vibe played handball until the age of 16, before deciding to concentrate on football full-time. Already possessing a bachelor's degree, Vibe studied for a master's degree in finance and accounting at Aarhus BSS and completed their studies in 2015. In 2020, while still a professional footballer, Vibe joined financial services firm Imperium Family Office as a partner and financial advisor.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Denmark's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Vibe goal.
Honours
FC Fyn
2. division West: 2008–09
IFK Göteborg
Svenska Cupen: 2014–15
FC Midtjylland
Danish Superliga: 2019–20
Individual
Allsvenskan top scorer: 2014
Svenska Cupen top scorer: 2014–15
References
External links
(archive)
Lasse Vibe at danskfodbold.com
Lasse Vibe at ifkgoteborg.se
1987 births
Living people
Footballers from Aarhus
Association football forwards
Danish footballers
Danish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in England
Danish expatriate sportspeople in England
Danish Superliga players
Allsvenskan players
English Football League players
Chinese Super League players
Expatriate footballers in China
Aarhus Gymnastikforening players
SønderjyskE Fodbold players
IFK Göteborg players
Brentford F.C. players
Changchun Yatai F.C. players
Denmark international footballers
FC Fyn players
Danish 1st Division players
FC Vestsjælland players
FC Midtjylland players
Olympic footballers of Denmark
Footballers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Century Rolls is a piano concerto by the American composer John Adams. Commissioned by Emanuel Ax, the work dates from 1997. Ax was the soloist in the concerto's premiere on September 25, 1997 in Cleveland, Ohio, with Christoph von Dohnányi conducting The Cleveland Orchestra. Ax, von Dohnányi and The Cleveland Orchestra made the first commercial recording of the concerto, for Nonesuch. Adams themselves conducted the UK premiere on 1 November 1998, again with Ax as the piano soloist.
Adams conceived the work after hearing the distinct sounds of a 1920s player-piano, and the work was "in part an attempt to recreate that initial response I had received to the sound of the piano as heard via the medium of the piano roll." They have said that the concerto is their view on "the whole past century of piano music". In addition to the temporal element ("Century"), the title refers to old piano rolls.
Instrumentation
Solo piano, 2 flutes, piccolo, 2 oboes, cor Anglais, 2 clarinets, bass clarinet, 2 bassoons, three horns, three trumpets, 2 trombones, timpani, percussion (2 players: vibraphone, xylophone, wood block, marimba, high bongo, glockenspiel), harp, celesta, and strings.
Movements
The concerto is in three movements. The opening movement is nearly half the length of the entire piece followed by two shorter contrasting movements.
First Movement: It opens with a simple motif from the harp, piccolo, and flute over top of the pounding of the piano. As the piece evolves the strings, brass, and percussion accompany the softer sounds of the harp, piccolo, and flute, making the piece much more dynamic. The other instruments rotate in and out, but the sound of the piano is consistent and hammering. This contrasting sound represents, as Adams believes, the dichotomy between ‘extravagant and unserious'. The light beginning filled with the softer sounds are fanciful and represent this ‘unserious' aspect. However, as the movement continues and builds the harder, more ‘extravagant' sounds take over the piece. Adams mixes elements of Gershwin, Rachmaninov, Paderewski, and Jelly Roll Morton to create a modern piano roll sound.
"Manny's Gym": As the second movement enters, it is much slower than the opening. The piano sound softens itself and the strings accompany with the same sensual sound. The sound of both the piano and the strings contrast greatly with the first movement. It is much more drawn out. It starts to build, but never reaches a climax. The sounds smooth down to a dreamlike trance. The title refers to the Gymnopedies of Erik Satie and to Emanuel Ax's nickname, "Manny".
"Hail, Bop": The title of the third movement is a pun on the Hale-Bopp comet, which appeared over America while Adams was writing the piece. The pounding sounds resonate throughout this movement, echoing the first movement and its ‘extravagant' sound. Robert Stein writes that the ‘finale (Hail Bop) takes us back to the bump'n'boogie world of the first movement with its jabby syncopations and high speed scales and arpeggios.'
References
External links
Century Rolls, from John Adams' official webpage
Boosey & Hawkes page on Century Rolls
Concertos by John Adams (composer)
1997 compositions
Piano concertos
Douglas Baylis (January 7, 1915 – November 28, 1971) was a landscape architect often credited as a founder of the "California School" of modern landscape architecture alongside contemporaries Thomas Church, Garrett Eckbo, and Robert Royston.
Early life and education
Baylis was born in 1915 in East Orange, New Jersey and moved to California, where they attended high school; they graduated in 1941 from the University of California, Berkeley with a degree in landscape architecture, minoring in art and architecture. Their professors at Berkeley included H. Leland Vaughan, John William Gregg, and Harry Shepherd. Baylis was the first to receive the student award from the American Society of Landscape Architects (ASLA).
Baylis met their wife, graphic designer Maggie (née Hilbiber), after they moved to California and advertised for "hands for hire"; the two were married in 1948. Doug and Maggie's strengths complemented each other and they collaborated successfully, primarily on residential gardens, throughout their career.
Career
After graduation, Baylis worked for Thomas Church for approximately four years before leaving to start their own firm, working from their home office on Telegraph Hill. Baylis was retained as the supervising landscape architect for the Berkeley campus from 1956 to 1959. They served on the San Francisco Arts Commission in the late 1950s and was appointed a trustee of the ASLA in 1963.
Notable commissions include:
Civic Center Plaza, San Francisco
Washington Square, San Francisco (1956, with Francis J. McCarthy)
Monterey Road
Gardens at IBM Headquarters, San Jose (1957, with John Savage Bolles)
and stations for BART (1968–70, with Ernest Born)
Unit-House, Hayward (in collaboration with architect Gordon Drake)
Baylis was hired and created conceptual designs for the surface level of Portsmouth Square in the late 1950s while plans were being prepared to excavate an underground parking garage, but later disavowed further work on the site.
Douglas and Maggie Baylis worked with the Douglas Fir Plywood Association in the early 1960s to develop the "Play Projects": portable wooden structural units designed for children to stack, climb, and play, including Plyform (later renamed Tri-Tower), Flying Saucer, Tippy-totter, Freeway, Climbing Tower, and Kitty Corner.
Death and legacy
Baylis died in 1971 in San Francisco.
A scholarship is named for Baylis, established in 1998 by the Maggie Baylis Revocable Living Trust, for landscape architecture students studying at Cal Poly San Luis Obispo.
References
1915 births
1971 deaths
20th-century American artists
American landscape architects
American landscape and garden designers
American designers
Architecture in the San Francisco Bay Area
California people in design
Artists from the San Francisco Bay Area
People from East Orange, New Jersey
People from Marin County, California
University of California, Berkeley alumni
La Garnache () is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Population
See also
Communes of the Vendée department
François de Charette
References
Communes of Vendée
REAP may refer to:
Government and organisations
Reserve Educational Assistance Program, Chapter 1607 (G.I. Bill of Rights), a Department of Defense education benefit program
Re-Engineering Assessment Practices, one of six projects funded under the Scottish Funding Council's E-learning Transformation Programme
Resource and Energy Analysis Programme, a specialist programme of the Stockholm Environment Institute
Rice Exporters Association of Pakistan, a Pakistani business association
Other uses
To Reap, a 1997 arcade shooter computer game
Rounding Errors in Algebraic Processes, a mathematical book by James H. Wilkinson published in 1963
See also
Reaper (disambiguation)
Reaping (disambiguation)
Austria is a federal republic and a landlocked country of over 8.7 million people in Central Europe. It is bordered by the Czech Republic and Germany to the north, Hungary and Slovakia to the east, Slovenia and Italy to the south, and Switzerland and Liechtenstein to the west. The territory of Austria covers .
Austria is the 12th richest country in the world in terms of GDP (Gross domestic product) per capita, has a well-developed social market economy, and a high standard of living. Until the 1980s, many of Austria's largest industry firms were nationalised; in recent years, however, privatisation has reduced state holdings to a level comparable to other European economies. Labour movements are particularly strong in Austria and have large influence on labour politics. Next to a highly developed industry, international tourism is the most important part of the national economy.
For further information on the types of business entities in this country and their abbreviations, see "Business entities in Austria".
Notable firms
This list includes notable companies with primary headquarters located in the country. The industry and sector follow the Industry Classification Benchmark taxonomy. Organizations which have ceased operations are included and noted as defunct.
See also
List of the largest Austrian companies
References
Austria
Li Wu (李悟) (died January 10, 827), né Li Liao (李寮), formally the Prince of Jiàng (絳王), was an imperial prince of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty who, after the assassination of their nephew Emperor Jingzong, was poised to take the throne, but was then themselves killed in the armed conflict between the eunuchs who supported them and those who supported Emperor Jingzong's younger brother Li Han, who took the throne as Emperor Wenzong.
Background
Li Wu was the sixth son of Emperor Xianzong. It is not known when they were born; their mother's was Consort Guo, the later Grand Empress Dowager Guo. They must have been born, however, in or before 805, as in 805, the same year when Emperor Xianzong's grandfather Emperor Dezong died and was succeeded by Emperor Xianzong's father Emperor Shunzong, they were created the Prince of Wen'an. They were originally named Li Liao, but their name was changed to Li Wu when Emperor Xianzong changed the names of many of their sons in 812.
Death
On January 9, 827, Li Wu's nephew Emperor Jingzong, the son of Li Wu's older brother Emperor Muzong, was assassinated by a group of imperial guard officers and eunuchs, led by the officer Su Zuoming (蘇佐明) and the eunuch Liu Keming (劉克明), who were fearful of their violent temper. Liu ordered the imperial scholar Lu Sui to draft a will for Emperor Jingzong putting Li Wu in charge of the affairs of state. The next day, this will was publicly read, and Li Wu met with the imperial officials in person.
Liu, meanwhile, planned to replace the powerful eunuchs — including the directors of palace communications (Shumishi) Wang Shoucheng and Yang Chenghe (楊承和) and the commandants (中尉, Zhongwei) of the Shence Armies Wei Congjian (魏從簡) and Liang Shouqian (梁守謙). They reacted by launching the Shence Armies, as well as the Flying Dragon Soldiers (飛龍兵), to attack Liu and Su and their followers. Liu, Su, and their party was slaughtered, and the four powerful eunuchs supported Emperor Jingzong's younger brother Li Han the Prince of Jiāng to be emperor instead (as Emperor Wenzong). During the battle, Li Wu was also killed. Li Wu had at least two sons — Li Zhu (李洙) and Li Pang (李滂) — whom Emperor Wenzong later created imperial princes, and a daughter that Emperor Wenzong later created the Princess Shou'an and married to the general Wang Yuankui. Another daughter Princess Jianghua married Guo Congzhen, a cousin of Empress Dowager Guo.
Notes and references
826 deaths
Tang dynasty imperial princes
Year of birth unknown
Dactylopusiidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Harpacticoida.
Genera:
Dactylopodopsis Sars, 1911
Dactylopusia Norman, 1903
Dactylopusioides Brian, 1928
Diarthrodes Thomson, 1883
Paradactylopodia Lang, 1944
Sewelliapusia Huys, 2009
References
Copepods
Morali or Moralı may refer to:
People
Surname
Jacques Morali (1947–1991), French singer-songwriter
Jonathan Morali (born 1980), musician and composer
Laurent Morali (born 1975), French-born, US-based real estate developer
(born 1957), association football coach
Given name
Moralı Ali Pasha (died 1735), Ottoman statesman
Moralı Ibrahim Pasha (died 1725), Ottoman statesman and grand admiral
Other uses
Moralı, Germencik
XHFP-FM is a radio station on 98.3 FM in Jalpa, Zacatecas, known as Radio Alegría.
History
XEFP-AM 1580 received its concession on November 25, 1974, with technical tests beginning on July 18 of that year. It was owned by Jorge Humberto González Bravo and operated with 2 kW day and 250 watts at night. The station was managed by the Díaz Alonso family; the youngest of three brothers, Sergio, died at the XEFP transmitter site the next year as a result of an electric shock. In 1982, XEFP moved to 990 kHz and boosted its power to 5,000 watts (in 1985) and finally in 1989, 10 kW day and 1 kW night. January 2007 saw XEFP move to new, purpose-built facilities in Jalpa.
XEFP was cleared to move to FM in February 2011.
References
Radio stations in Zacatecas
Radio stations established in 1974
Passing Through is the sixteenth studio album released by American country music singer Randy Travis. It is their fourth album for Word Records. The album produced two singles on the Billboard country charts: "Four Walls" at #46 and "Angels" at #48. "That Was Us" was previously recorded by Tracy Lawrence on their 2001 self-titled album.
Recording
Tracks 1, 2, 3, 6 & 11 were recorded in September 2001 at the Sound Emporium in Nashville. The rest of the songs were recorded in June 2004 at Cartee Day Studios in Nashville. According to the liner notes, 20 songs were recorded for this album.
Track listing
"Pick Up the Oars and Row" (Jamie O'Hara) – 2:50
"Four Walls" (Don Rollins, Harry Stinson, D. Vincent Williams) – 3:42
"That Was Us" (Craig Wiseman, Tony Lane) – 3:25
"Angels" (Harvey McNalley, Buck Moore, Troy Seals) – 3:46
"Running Blind" (Roger D. Ferris) – 2:52
"My Daddy Never Was" (Lane) – 3:56
"A Place to Hang My Hat" (Shawn Camp, Byron Hill, Brice Long) – 3:15
"Right On Time" (Al Anderson, Sharon Vaughn) – 3:58
"My Poor Old Heart" (Camp, Gary Harrison) – 2:46
"I'm Your Man" (Randy Travis) – 3:27
"Train Long Gone" (Dennis Linde) – 3:56
"I Can See It in Your Eyes" (Travis, Pastor Matthew Hagee) – 4:17
Personnel
Al Anderson - acoustic guitar, electric guitar, soloist
Larry Beaird - acoustic guitar
Eric Darken - percussion
Dan Dugmore - acoustic guitar, electric guitar, pedal steel guitar
Pat Flynn - acoustic guitar
Larry Franklin - fiddle
Paul Franklin - pedal steel guitar
Steve Gibson - acoustic guitar, electric guitar, gut string guitar
Vicki Hampton - background vocals
Tony Harrell - Hammond B-3 organ
Wes Hightower - background vocals
Johnny Hiland - electric guitar
David Hungate - bass guitar, upright bass
John Barlow Jarvis - Hammond B-3 organ, piano, electric piano, Wurlitzer
John Jorgenson - electric guitar, slide guitar
Viktor Krauss - upright bass
Kyle Lehning - electric guitar
Paul Leim - drums
Dennis Linde - background vocals
Charlie McCoy - bass harmonica, harmonica
Kenny Malone - drums, bells, tambourine
Brent Mason - electric guitar
Gordon Mote - piano
Matt Rollings - Juno synthesizer, Hammond B-3 organ
Lisa Silver - background vocals
Bryan Sutton - acoustic guitar, resonator guitar
Randy Travis - lead vocals
Cindy Richardson-Walker - background vocals
Casey Wood - bass drum, tambourine
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Awards
On 2005, the album won a Dove Award for Country Album of the Year at the 36th GMA Dove Awards.
References
[ Passing Through] at allmusic
2004 albums
Randy Travis albums
Word Records albums
Albums produced by Kyle Lehning
Youssouf Abdi Ahmed (born 11 October 1997), is a Djiboutian professional football player who plays for the Djiboutian national team.
They debuted internationally on 4 September 2019 at the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Eswatini in a 2-1 victory.
On 15 November 2021, Ahmed scored their first goals Djibouti against Niger at the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifying match in a 7-2 defeat.
International goals
References
Djiboutian footballers
1997 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Djibouti international footballers
Joseph Esherick (December 28, 1914 – December 17, 1998) was an American architect.
Architectural career
Joseph Esherick was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in 1937 with a bachelor's degree in architecture. Esherick worked for San Francisco Bay Area architect Gardner Dailey, and, about 1950, began their own practice in the Bay Area. They taught at the University of California, Berkeley for many years. Esherick was awarded the AIA Gold Medal in 1989.
Following in the tradition of Bay Area architects such as Bernard Maybeck and William Wurster, Esherick designed hundreds of houses, emphasizing regional traditions, site requirements, and user needs.
In 1938, Esherick married Rebecca Wood whom they knew from Penn. About ten years later Rebecca designed their own home in Kent Woodlands with Joe consulting. The style of the house with a huge gabled roof and large glass walls is stunningly modern. In 1946, Rebecca earned their architectural license and worked for their husband on a variety of projects while raising their three children.
In 1959, Esherick was the co-founder, along with William Wurster and Vernon DeMars, of Berkeley's influential College of Environmental Design (CED). The CED encompassed disciplines of architecture, landscape architecture, environmental planning and city planning, and served as a nexus for figures like Christopher Alexander, Catherine Bauer, Galen Cranz, Donlyn Lyndon, Roger Montgomery, Charles Moore, and William Wilson Wurster.
In 1972, Esherick reorganized their office, turning away from houses to more commercial and academic work, with three longtime associates George Homsey, Peter Dodge and Chuck Davis to form Esherick Homsey Dodge & Davis, the winner of the 1986 Architecture Firm Award. The firm continues today as EHDD Architecture. In 1976, Esherick was elected into the National Academy of Design as an Associate member, and became a full Academician in 1990.
Esherick was the nephew of American sculptor Wharton Esherick.
Work (partial list)
Hubbard House, Dover, Massachusetts, 1957
House at Kentwoodlands, Kent Woodlands, California, 1957
Hubbard at end of Spring Road, Ross, CA, April 5, 1959
Cary House, Mill Valley, California, 1960
Harold E. Jones Child Study Center, at University of California, Berkeley, 1960
Bermak House, Oakland, California, 1963, with architect Peter Dodge
Six Sea Ranch Demonstration Houses (now called The Hedgerow Homes) (in collaboration with landscape architect Lawrence Halprin, three small scale Demonstration houses called Mini-Mods, as well as other private residences at The Sea Ranch Sonoma County, California, 1967
The Cannery, San Francisco, California, 1968
Mountain House (aka Roscoe House) Alamo, California, 1972
Garfield School, San Francisco, California, 1981
Flora Lamson Hewlett Library, Graduate Theological Union, Berkeley, 1981
Silver Lake Lodge, Deer Valley, Utah, 1982
Monterey Bay Aquarium, Monterey, California, 1984
Hermitage Condominiums, San Francisco, California, 1984
McGuire house, 268 Seadrift Road, Stinson Beach, California, 1987
Henry's Fork Lodge, Island Park, Idaho, 1991
Aquarium of the Pacific, Long Beach, California, 1998
Tenderloin Community School, 1999
Notes
References
Joseph Esherick. An architectural practice in the San Francisco Bay Area, 1938-1996 : oral history transcript / 1996
A Bay Region master: The architecture of Joseph Esherick finally gets its due
External links
Finding aid to the Joseph Esherick Collection at the Environmental Design Archives, University of California, Berkeley
https://www.nytimes.com/1998/12/25/arts/joseph-esherick-83-an-acclaimed-architect.html
1914 births
1998 deaths
20th-century American architects
University of Pennsylvania School of Design alumni
UC Berkeley College of Environmental Design faculty
People from the San Francisco Bay Area
Architecture in the San Francisco Bay Area
Architects from Philadelphia
Recipients of the AIA Gold Medal
Baraah Awadallah Marouane (; born December 21, 1991 in Irbid) is a Jordanian middle distance runner. Awadallah represented Jordan at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where they competed for the women's 800 metres. They ran in the first heat of the event, against six other athletes, including Russia's Svetlana Klyuka, who nearly missed out of the medal podium in the final. They finished the race in last place by fifteen seconds behind Australia's Madeleine Pape, with their personal and seasonal best time of 2:18.41. Awadallah, however, failed to advance into the semi-finals, as they placed thirty-seventh overall, and was ranked farther below three mandatory slots for the next round. They were eventually upgraded to a higher overall position, when Croatia's Vanja Perišić had been disqualified for failing the doping test.
References
External links
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
Jordanian female middle-distance runners
Living people
Olympic athletes of Jordan
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
People from Irbid
1991 births
Necropolis of Fossa was an Italic necropolis, the ruins of which are located in the comune of Fossa, in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
References
External links
Archaeological sites in Abruzzo
Fossa, Abruzzo
Yorba Foundation was a non-profit software group based in San Francisco, and founded by Adam Dingle wanting to bring first class software to the open source community. This organization had been created to answer people thinking open source brings hard to use, clunky and low-quality software usable only by hackers.
The company was made of 5 employees: Jim Nelson (coder and executive director), Adam Dingle (founder), Charles Lindsay, Eric Gregory and Nate Lillich (software engineers).
History
In December 2009, Yorba Foundation applied to get the 501(c)(3) status. After some requests for clarification by IRS in 2010 and 2011, Yorba received on May 22, 2014 a denial for that tax exemption status. The reason for the rejection, explained by IRS, is that the organization makes software that can be used by any person for any purpose, and not for a specific community. Therefore, Yorba cannot be considered as a charity while the Apache Foundation, with exactly the same purpose, is considered as-it. Although this status would have helped, according to Jim Nelson, this denies does not hinge on Yorba existence.
On October 31, 2013, Yorba moved from San Francisco's Mission District to the Financial District down the hill from Chinatown, still in San Francisco.
In April 2015, at the end of the month, the last Yorba employee, Jim Nelson, left the foundation. The reason for the end of activity is lack of being financially sustainable: funding ran out, donations did not match expenses and even if Yorba had received the 501(c)(3) status allowing to be tax exempted, they would still have probably to shut the project down.
On October 25, 2015, the following message was posted on their webpage without any further explanations:
May 2016 marked the completion of the process to begin the formal dissolution of the organization. The complete dissolution should happen later in 2016.
In May 2016, Yorba assigned the copyright of all these pieces of software to Software Freedom Conservancy except California which will be assigned in the near future due to an oversight on Yorba's part.
Main developments
Shotwell, an image organizer for the Linux operating system
Geary, a free email client written in Vala
Valencia, a plugin for gedit to help with coding in the Vala programming language
gexiv2 GObject wrapper around Exiv2
California, a GNOME 3 calendar application
References
Organizations established in 2009
Free software project foundations in the United States
Non-profit organizations based in San Francisco
2009 establishments in California
Defunct non-profit organizations based in the United States
2015 disestablishments in California
Organizations disestablished in 2015
The 2013–14 season was the 110th season of competitive football in Spain. It started officially 1 July 2013 and ended 30 June 2014.
Competition dates
La Liga and Segunda División started 17 and 16 August respectively. All competitions stopped during the Christmas holidays between 23 December 2013 and 2 January 2014.
Transfer windows
Retirements
The following players retired from association football at the end of 2012–13 season or during this season, being the last club a member of 2013–14 La Liga or 2013–14 Segunda División:
Promotion and relegation (pre-season)
Teams promoted to 2013–14 La Liga
Elche CF
Villarreal CF
UD Almería
Teams relegated from 2012–13 La Liga
RCD Mallorca
Deportivo de La Coruña
Real Zaragoza
Teams promoted to 2013–14 Segunda División
Deportivo Alavés
CD Tenerife
Real Jaén
SD Eibar
Teams relegated from 2012–13 Segunda División
CD Guadalajara
Racing de Santander
SD Huesca
Xerez CD
Teams promoted to 2013–14 Segunda División B
Racing de Ferrol
Elche CF Ilicitano
CD Puerta Bonita
Burgos CF
Algeciras CF
UD Las Palmas Atlético
La Hoya Lorca CF
CD Sariñena
CD Toledo
Celta de Vigo B
SD Compostela
CD Tropezón
CD Laudio
UE Olot
Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa
CD El Palo
Granada CF B
UB Conquense
Teams relegated from 2012–13 Segunda División B
UD San Sebastián de los Reyes
RSD Alcalá
Rayo Vallecano B
CD Marino
Gimnástica de Torrelavega (administrative)
Real Zaragoza B
Racing de Santander B
CD Teruel
CA Osasuna B
CD Izarra
CE Constància (relegation revoked)
RCD Mallorca B
Orihuela CF
Yeclano Deportivo
CD Binissalem
CF Villanovense
UCAM Murcia CF
Loja CD
CD San Roque de Lepe
Real Betis B
Teams dissolved
National team
The home team is on the left column; the away team is on the right column.
FIFA World Cup qualifiers
Spain is in Group I of the 2014 World Cup qualification process.
FIFA World Cup
Friendlies
Spanish friendly tournaments
List of some friendly matches or short tournaments which are celebrating in Spain, mainly at summer as part of pre-season, which participate La Liga and Segunda División teams. Other historical tournaments are also included.
Other unofficial/friendly tournaments
Other unofficial major tournaments or friendly matches celebrated in Spain are:
2013–14 Copa Catalunya
Competitions
Trophy and league champions
League tables
La Liga
Segunda División
Cup results
Final bracket
References
Foundation Course for Agricultural Research Services is an introductory course designed for the fresh recruits to the various agricultural services in India. The Foundation Course, (also called FOCARS) is designed for the newly recruited entry level scientists to the Agricultural Research Service of the ICAR. The course aims at providing exposure to the trainees on the concepts and principles of project management with special emphasis on project formulation and implementation. It also includes capsules in related areas on human resources development, and information and communication management. Around 6000 scientists have been trained by NAARM, Hyderabad adding great assets to National Service.
The path to the Foundation Courses
Candidates to the Foundation Course are invited for the course by the National Academy of Agricultural Research Management (NAARM) at Hyderabad only after they have cleared the rigorous three-stage (Prelims, Mains and Interview) Agricultural Research Services Exam, conducted by the Agricultural Scientists Recruitment Board (ASRB).
Vocational education in India
Indian Council of Agricultural Research
Multi-Dimensional Warrior is a compilation album by guitarist Carlos Santana. This album combines hits from their early career. It was released on October 14, 2008.
Track listing
Disc 1
Disc 2
External links
Official website
2008 compilation albums
Santana (band) compilation albums
Carlos Santana albums
Gyaani Shah (ज्ञानी शाह ; 15 June 1923 – 8 December 2012), is the first Nepalese woman to join Nepal Army.  They are also known for one of the first people in Nepal to promote Christian religion in Nepal after miraculously being saved by a Christian lady. They got engaged with Evangelism in western parts of Nepal where they helped the poor and dominated by providing health-care and also practiced Christian culture there.
Conversion to Christianity
While traveling with their relatives in India, they were also going through all the religious cities of Hinduism and was also partaking and fulfilling all the religious rites. But one night while staying in Varanasi they felt a desire to be a jogini (a monk) and so ran away from their home to go to Calcutta but in their way there they alighted in Patna where they were about to be sold by the people there was miraculously saved by a Christian lady and was sent to a secure place in a Mission Hospital, in Patna. While staying in the hospital they worked as a sweeper for several months and later as a cook for couple of years. These works in their caste was never to be done but they did it without complaining and did it with full peace and joy. In their own words they said that, “God knew that I was born into a proud family and I could never accept Him in my pride, so They made me humble so that I could follow Him.” While they were working as a cook they used to write the bible verses on the cemented floor with the help of coal and tried to memorize the bible verses. In this way they had memorized the Gospel of Matthew and Mark. On August 8, 1943 they were baptized. They were baptized in the Union Baptist Church, Patna.
After their baptism they went for Bible training in Shapur for a year and later went for a nursing training at BMS Hospital in Bhiwani. Two years later, they passed from their nursing training and was certified to work. They worked in the hospital in Jasidhi and also trained people on bible knowledge.
Nepalese Army
They became seriously ill and had TB along with high fever which doctors were unable to bring down. So later, they were sent to Almora a high country place for two years but still their fever persisted. In those days they were able to get the newsletter from Nepal which made them familiar about the condition in Nepal. They remembered their country by that time because their ups and downs in their life and busy with their workloads and enjoying the luxury of India they had almost forgotten about their own country. Later they made a vow with God that if they are healed from their sickness than they will go to Nepal and miraculously from the very next day their fever was gone. So they made up their mind to go to Nepal and to serve the Lord there. Them decision made some of their fellow worker and friend to think that they went out of their mind. Though their seniors and friend had tried to stop them and gave some better options and opportunity for them but they had a very strong determination to go Nepal and work for the Lord which they did. In the year of 1953, they came to Pokhara and worked in the NEB dispensary (later INF) as a nurse and later in 1955; they worked in United Mission to Nepal (UMN) for five years. After 18 years of mission services in India and Nepal they moved to a new challenge as a Matron of the Military Hospital. In this way they also became the first Nepali woman to join in an army and also to achieve the rank of captain. They were also up for the promotion to major in 1970/71 but they declined it because for it they needed to participate in Hindu Puja ceremonies which was against their own will. They had a priority toward God than other.
Roles in the Christianity of Nepal
Gyani Shah was very active in them all works, it might be their secular professions or in their work in helping in the church growth. They were actively leading many people in Christianity in Nepal and helping in the church planting mission too. They were in the member of the first committee for the “Dilli Bazaar Fellowship”, she, Elizabeth Franklin and some missionaries from darjeeling (a missionary with Regions Beyond Missionary Union) were the founding-member of Gyaneshwor Church in the mid-1950s. They also helped to lay the foundation stone for the first church building in Kathmandu, at Putali Sadak. They also opened a branch church of Gyaneshwor in their house in Sanepa.
Social works and other contributions
They were always used to be active for the evangelism and mission work. One day they felt that the need of evangelism in the remote places of Nepal too. They felt that in the city there were many people to work for the Gospel but in the remote area there were nobody. So they made up their mind to go in the remote place in Tikapur, Kailali which was in the western part of Nepal. At that time there was no connection of roads and there was no electricity and other services. When they shared about it in their office and to their relatives they thought that they went crazy again but God had worked in them to go to those places. And their relatives from royal palace allowed them to go and also provided some medical supplies to have a medical camp. The medical supplies were finally provided by Jay Narayan Giri, Head of Red Cross Nepal during the time. During that time, people of Tikapur were suffering from Cholera epidemic, and TB. In that time they had vaccinated 30000 people in a year.
Other contributions and final days
Gyani Shah lived their life fully by committing it to the Lord by serving Christ in different places and through different ways. They were not only focused to do the missionary works but they also established a school which was named after their “Gyani Shah Sishu Pathsala”. They also helped in planting a church which now has several daughter churches and is affiliated with Agape Fellowship.
They slept in God in the afternoon of 8 December 2012, but they had left a legacy behind them In their life they had really helped, encouraged and challenged many people. They were very strong willed, with strong determination and with a heart for their people. They had really challenged the women of Nepal that they can also work and contribute in the work of God. They had set their life as an example for many women and also men for the work of God and in mission.
See also
Nepalese Army
Rajendra Chhetri
Christianity in Nepal
References
External links
"final Interview with Gyani shah"
1923 births
2012 deaths
Nepalese military personnel
Nepalese Christians
Converts to Christianity from Hinduism
People from Salyan District, Nepal
Nepalese nurses
Vnukovo is a planned Moscow Metro station of the Kalininsko-Solntsevskaya line. It will be located in Vnukovo International Airport and will open in 2023 along with Pykhtino metro station. According to the recent reports, it will be a ground station.
References
Moscow Metro stations
Kalininsko–Solntsevskaya line
Railway stations located underground in Russia
Railway stations under construction in Russia
Gilla Tigernaig Mac Gilla Rónáin, an Augustinian, was a bishop in Ireland during the 13th century: they were Bishop of Clogher until their death in 1218.
References
13th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
Pre-Reformation bishops of Clogher
Augustinian bishops
1218 deaths
Oktwin Township is a township in Taungoo District in the Bago Region of Burma. The principal town is Oktwin.
References
Townships of the Bago Region
Taungoo District
Luciane Hammes (born ) is a Brazilian group rhythmic gymnast. They represent their nation at international competitions. They competed at world championships, including at the 2005 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan.
References
1988 births
Living people
Brazilian rhythmic gymnasts
Place of birth missing (living people)
South American Games gold medalists for Brazil
South American Games medalists in gymnastics
Competitors at the 2006 South American Games
20th-century Brazilian women
21st-century Brazilian women
In rail transport, the expression power car may refer to either of two distinct types of rail vehicle:
a vehicle that propels, and commonly also controls, a passenger train, multiple unit or tram, often as the lead vehicle;
a vehicle equipped with machinery for supplying heat or electrical power to other parts of a train.
The first of these types of vehicle is closely related to the locomotive. What differentiates the locomotive and the first type of power car is their construction or use. A locomotive can be physically separated from its train and does nothing but provide propulsion and control (and heat or electricity for passenger trains). On the other hand, a power car of the first type is frequently an integral part of its train, and if the train uses distributed traction, some of the car's interior space may be used for carrying passengers or cargo.
Examples
United States
Nearly all high speed trains use power cars, frequently at both ends. An example of these are the Acela Express trainsets in use by Amtrak, which are built by Bombardier in Canada using technology licensed from France's Alstom. The twenty Acela trainsets operate between Washington, D.C. and Boston, Massachusetts. Each trainset consists of six passenger cars and two power cars.
United Kingdom
Another traditional example would be the older InterCity 125, made for and used by British Rail and several subsequent privatised bodies like Great Western Railway.
New Zealand
Multiple units (diesel or electric) usually have a mix of power cars and trailers, often with one of each in a pair which can be coupled to other pairs to form a larger train; see e.g. New Zealand FP class electric multiple unit.
Australia
The NSW TrainLink XPT, which is based on the InterCity 125, has a power car at each end, one pulling and the other pushing. The Queensland Rail Diesel Tilt Train also has two power cars. Electric Multiple Units, such as the Sydney Trains C set, have power cars on each end with trailer cars in the middle.
References
Rolling stock
BBC-3 is a BBC television programme, devised and produced by Ned Sherrin and hosted by Robert Robinson, which aired for twenty-four hour-long editions during the winter of 1965–1966.
It was the third in a line of weekend satire-and-chat shows, successor to That Was The Week That Was and Not So Much a Programme, More a Way of Life, though David Frost did not participate in this series.
Regular performers included John Bird, Lynda Baron, David Battley, Roy Dotrice, Bill Oddie, and Leonard Rossiter. Guests included Millicent Martin and Alan Bennett. The musical director was Dave Lee. With its white sets, BBC-3 retained the look of its predecessor, Not So Much a Programme. Its name was a reference to the BBC's second channel, BBC2, which had started the previous year.
Swearing
In the edition of 13 November 1965, during a discussion on theatre censorship in which Robert Robinson and Mary McCarthy also participated, Kenneth Tynan became the first person ever to say "fuck" on British television; they claimed, perhaps disingenuously, that the word no longer shocked anyone. The storm which resulted forced the BBC to make a public apology for Tynan's comments. No recording of the incident is known to exist.
References
External links
BBC on BBC-3
Ned Sherrin obituary
BBC Television shows
Lost BBC episodes
1965 British television series debuts
1966 British television series endings
1960s British television series
BBC satirical television shows
1960s British satirical television series
Don Loper (April 29, 1906 – November 21, 1972) was an American costume and necktie designer, as well as a screenwriter, choreographer, associate producer, actor, and assistant to MGM musicals producer Arthur Freed. They began their career as a dancer and was teamed with Ginger Rogers in the film Lady in the Dark (1944).
Loper is also known for introducing Judy Garland to their future husband, director Vincente Minnelli (Meet Me in St. Louis). Loper was born on April 29, 1906, in Toledo, Ohio, USA as Lincoln George Hardloper.  They are known for their work on It's a Pleasure (1945), Sofia (1948) and Lady in the Dark (1944). They were married to Violet Hughes. They died on November 22, 1972, in Santa Monica, California, USA.
Loper's works, some of which were designed for stars like Ella Fitzgerald and Lucille Ball are featured in the Los Angeles County Museum of Art and the California African American Museum. They played themselves in an episode of I Love Lucy titled "The Fashion Show" in 1955. Loper would design flight attendantess uniforms for Pan American AIRWAYS and Trans World Airlines.
Death
They died at UCLA Medical Center, California, from complications following tracheostomy cuff balloon slippage.
References
External links
1906 births
1972 deaths
American fashion designers
American choreographers
American male screenwriters
American male film actors
20th-century American male actors
American male television actors
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American screenwriters
The A.P. (anti-personnel) Shrapnel Mine is a British bounding mine of World War II.
Design
Parts
The mines have cylindrical outer and inner cases as well as two pistol mechanisms. The cartridge pistol mechanism is for triggering the propellant charge that was used to launch the trigger charge, for the main explosive charge in the inner case, into the air from the outer case and the detonator pistol mechanism, which detonated the trigger charge of the mine mid-air thereby triggering the main explosive charge. Both marks of the mine have their sole activation trigger in the form of a tripwire.
Detonation process
Putting 4 pounds of pulling force (1.8 kilograms) on the tripwire activates the mine by detaching the cartridge pistol trip plate. This results in a striker in the mine penetrating the propellant charge through a striker spring acting on the striker as a result of the trip plate detaching from the cartridge pistol. The penetrated propellant charge which is a Ballistite cartridge then explodes launching the inner case containing the trigger charge into the air. On the inner case leaving the outer case the inner case starts to be activated by the freeing of the lever arm. This leads to a striker in detonated pistol to be released which then penetrates the trigger charge of the mine which detonates triggering the main explosive charge of one pound of Amatol which explodes breaking apart the steel case of the mine and turning the steel pieces into high-velocity shrapnel which was supposed to cause casualties in a 30 yard (27 meter) radius.
Arming and disarming
A.P. shrapnel mines are armed by removing two transit screws attaching the inner and outer casing. The cartridge pistol, which is a thin cylinder protruding out of the mine, is then unscrewed using a spanner. Once that is complete, the Ballistite cartridge that is used to propel the mine into the air can be inserted. Reversing the process used to remove it, the cartridge pistol is then securely re-inserted into the mine. Next, the detonator pistol, which is a shorter and wider cylinder than the cartridge pistol, is removed and replaced with the detonator. The larger part of the detonator must face away from the mine body. The detonator pistol is then re-inserted, and the lever arm is secured in a hollow on the side of the mine. Once this has been inserted, the mine is placed in position for use and the tripwire is attached to the trip plate on the cartridge pistol. The other end of the tripwire is then secured to another surface to create a straight, horizontal tripwire to detonate the mine. The safety pins on both pistols are then removed. These are in place throughout the whole of the arming process to avoid accidental detonation.
To disable the mine, the safety pins are re-inserted and then the tripwire cable is cut. The detonator and Ballistite charge can then be safely removed from the cartridge and detonator pistols, rendering the mine inoperable and completely safe.
Variants
The two main variants of the A.P. Shrapnel Mine are marked I and II. There is a delay in the mark I mine that does not occur in the mark II. A leather carry strap is also present on the mark I but not on the mark II. The spring lever for the mark I mine is shorter than that of the Mark II and the space for it in the mark I mine does not go all the way down the mine.
See also
Diagram and image of A.P. Shrapnel mine
Images taken from various angles of A.P. Shrapnel Mine by Imperial War Museum
References
Anti-personnel mines
Asteroids have appeared in fiction since the 1800s, the first one—Ceres—having been discovered in 1801. A theory to explain the existence of the asteroid belt that was popular in the 1800s was that it consists of the remnants of a planet predicted by the Titius–Bode law to exist between Mars and Jupiter that had somehow been destroyed, and this was reflected in early science fiction works such as Robert Cromie's 1895 novel The Crack of Doom; several works of the 1950s reused this idea to warn of the dangers of nuclear weapons. Early works also tended to depict the asteroid belt as a region that must be navigated carefully lest one's spaceship should collide with one of the asteroids, one example being Isaac Asimov's 1939 short story "Marooned off Vesta"; later works mostly recognize that the individual asteroids are very far apart and accordingly pose little danger to spacecraft, the Star Wars films being an exception to this general rule. A concept of more enduring popularity is that of asteroid mining, featured in early works such as Clifford D. Simak's 1932 short story "The Asteroid of Gold"—where asteroids were often the setting of a space version of the Klondike Gold Rush—as well as more modern works like Ben Bova's 2001 novel The Precipice. Another use humans have found for asteroids in fiction is turning them into space stations or habitats, often by hollowing them out, as in Robert A. Heinlein's 1939 short story "Misfit". Impact events or threats thereof are depicted in numerous works such as Arthur C. Clarke's 1993 novel The Hammer of God, and in the 1985 novel Footfall by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle they are outright weaponized.
References
Fiction about the Solar System
Hannah Morris is an American anthropologist, known for their contribution to the Rising Star Expedition as one of the six women Underground Astronauts.  They are currently a Ph.D. student in the Warnell School of Forestry and Natural Resources at the University of Georgia, studying
"the implications of human actions on vegetative ecosystems".
Education
Morris attended the University of Georgia, earning a B.A. in anthropology in 2007. They participated in archaeological projects in the United States and Mexico, before returning to their studies at Ohio State University, earning an M.A. in anthropology in 2012 with a special focus in paleoethnobotany.
Rising Star Expedition
In October 2013, Morris, Becca Peixotto, Marina Elliot, Alia Gurtov, K. Lindsay Eaves, and Elen Feuerriegel were chosen to be part of a specialized excavation team for the Rising Star Expedition. The purpose of the twenty-one day expedition, sponsored by The National Geographic Society and the University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg was to excavate fossils which had been recently found in a deep cave complex in the Rising Star Cave System, near Johannesburg, South Africa.
The unique skill set sought for the excavation team by lead scientist and University of the Witwatersrand professor Lee Berger were: a "master's degree or higher in palaeontology, archeology or an associated field; caving experience; and the ability to fit through an 18-centimeter (about 7-inch) space. The six scientists were crucial in the successful" excavation of arguably one of the most important fossil finds in human history – a new species referred to as Homo naledi.
The six member team, with a support of a team of over sixty scientists, excavated "one of the richest collections of hominin fossils ever discovered—some 1,550 fossil fragments, belonging to at least 15 individual skeletons".
See also
Dawn of Humanity
References
American anthropologists
American women anthropologists
University of Georgia alumni
Ohio State University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century American women
Miru is a goddess in the Polynesian mythology of the Cook Islands who lives in Avaiki beneath Mangaia. They feed the souls of dead people a bowl of live centipedes, causing them to writhe in agony, then encourages them to seek relief by diving into a lake, where they drown and can be cooked and eaten at their leisure. The Tapairu are their daughters, and Tau-Titi is their son.
Miru also features in Maori mythology (New Zealand) as the Goddess of Death.
References
Death goddesses
Mangaia mythology
Māori goddesses
"The Miracle of Love" is a power ballad recorded by British duo Eurythmics. It was written by Eurythmics members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart and produced by Stewart. The track was released as the third single from the duo's sixth album Revenge in the UK. It was not released as a single in the United States.
The music video was directed by band member David A. Stewart. The grainy video shows Lennox and Stewart separately in darkened room surrounded only by candles followed by a shot of Lennox against a tree while historical footage of military violence is shown. The video ends with an extreme close-up of Lennox as they wander around a park before acknowledging the camera by winking, smiling and laughing. The cover art for the single is a screenshot from this scene. The music features a soaring guitar solo by Stewart, reprising the melody of the opening bars.
The song became a modest hit in the UK singles chart but reached the Top 20 in Australia, Brazil and parts of Europe.
In a review of Revenge, Glenn O'Brian of Spin magazine called it "a miraculous love song that is heavenly, seductive, sweeping, anodynamic, and straightforwardly, blatantly healing."
Track listing
7" single
A: "The Miracle Of Love" - 5:05
B: "When Tomorrow Comes" (Live At the Roxy in Los Angeles) - 5:08
12" single
A: "The Miracle Of Love" - 5:05
B1: "When Tomorrow Comes" (Live At the Roxy in Los Angeles) - 5:08
B2 "Who's That Girl?" (Live on Rockline 21 July 1986) - 3:28*
*later released on the 2005 remaster of "Touch"
Charts
References
1986 singles
Eurythmics songs
Songs written by David A. Stewart
Songs written by Annie Lennox
RCA Records singles
Alexander Theodore Brand (1852 – 23 June 1934) was a British physician and cancer researcher.
Brand was born in Chicago of Scottish parentage. They graduated M.B, C.M. with honours from Aberdeen University in 1881. They started medical practice in Driffield in 1882 and obtained their M.D. in 1884. Brand practiced medicine for forty-five years, they retired in 1927. They were a member of the British Medical Association for over fifty years. They were President of the East Yorks and North Lincolnshire Branch during 1902–1903. Brand was a major in the Royal Army Medical Corps and commanded the No. 2 East Yorks Field Ambulance.
Brand took interest in studying the origin of cancer and promoted an infectious theory of cancer due to an undiscovered microorganism. They authored the book Cancer: Its Cause, Treatment and Prevention, in 1922 and often debated the origin of cancer with other physicians who disputed their theory in the British Medical Journal.
Selected publications
A Contribution to the Aetiology of Cancer (1902)
The Etiology of Cancer (1902)
The Exogenesis of Cancer (1903)
Some Remarks on the Infectivity of Cancer (1907)
Cancer: Its Cause, Treatment and Prevention (1922)
Prevention of Cancer (1923)
References
1852 births
1934 deaths
19th-century British medical doctors
20th-century British medical doctors
Alternative cancer treatment advocates
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
British medical writers
Cancer researchers
Royal Army Medical Corps officers
The Houston Coal Company Store, also known as the Koppers Store, is an intact example of a coal company store, located at Carswell, West Virginia. The 1923 Italian Renaissance building possesses a detailed brick exterior and a clay tile roof, with skylights at the roof's peak. The store served a small mining community of Carswell, West Virginia, first for the Houston Coal Company and later for the Koppers Coal Company. Another store, now disappeared, served the upper end of the long hollow. The store is surrounded by an expansive lawn, bordered by a stream.
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in West Virginia
Renaissance Revival architecture in West Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in McDowell County, West Virginia
Commercial buildings completed in 1923
Company stores in the United States
James Moorhouse (19 November 1826 – 9 April 1915) was a Bishop of Melbourne and a Bishop of Manchester, and a Chancellor of the University of Melbourne.
Early life and career
Moorhouse was born in Sheffield, England, the only son of James Moorhouse, a book-lover and master-cutler, and their wife Jane Frances née Bowman. Educated at a private school at Sheffield until they were 16, Moorhouse afterwards went to the People's College in the evenings. They were widely read and already taking an interest in theological and philosophical books. Their father intended the younger Moorhouse to become a partner in their cutlery business, but after spending two or three years at this work, Moorhouse asked that they might be sent to a university with a view to ordination. They never regretted the years they spent in business, as they realised that the experience of men they had gained was invaluable. Moorhouse knew little Latin, and no Greek or higher mathematics, so there was much to be learned before at the age of 23 they were able to enter St John's College, Cambridge (graduated from BA, 1853 as a senior optime in the mathematical tripos; MA, 1860; DD, 1876).
Ordained as a priest in 1854, Moorhouse served as curate at St Neots and at Sheffield (1855–59) to Canon Sale. There they started a men's institute where young men could meet and discuss, and open their minds. They began the work single-handed and many of the men who came were rough specimens. When they left there were 400 students and a staff of voluntary teachers. Moorhouse then became curate to Canon Harvey at Hornsey, the beginning of a great friendship, and in 1861 they were appointed select preacher before the university of Cambridge. Their sermons, which made a great impression, were published in that year under the title, Some Modern Difficulties Respecting the Facts of Nature and Revelation. They were much gratified to receive an invitation from their old college, St John's, to sit for a fellowship, but was obliged to decline the honour as on 12 September 1861 they had married Mary Lydia Sale, the daughter of their former vicar. They were soon afterwards appointed to the living at St John's, Fitzroy Square, London. Their income was small and the parish was a drab one, but their preaching attracted well-to-do people from other parts of London, who took sittings in their church. This, however, did not lead to any neglect of the poorer members of their congregation. They opened classes for young men and themselves took the classes in English, the Greek Testament and political economy. Nothing pleased them better than a discussion on some point with one of the keener-minded men of their audience. On other occasions they would play football with members of their class. In 1867 they became vicar of Paddington, and during the following nine years established a reputation as one of the most eloquent and weighty of metropolitan preachers. They were then appointed prebendary canon of St Paul's Cathedral in 1874.
Bishop of Melbourne
Moorhouse's distinguished record and many notable publications led to an offer of the see of Melbourne, vacated by Charles Perry. Consecrated at Westminster Abbey on 22 October 1876, Moorhouse was installed on 11 January 1877 at St James's Cathedral, William Street, Melbourne.
When Moorhouse arrived at Melbourne they found much work was needed. Before the discovery of gold 25 years before, Melbourne was a small provincial town, it was now an established city with a quarter of a million inhabitants. Much as the churches had done it had been difficult to keep pace with such progress, and Moorhouse realised that men of ability should be encouraged to become clergymen, and that they should be properly trained. Trinity College had recently been built and affiliated with the University, and Moorhouse decided that if possible all candidates for orders should reside there for three years and take a degree. They had been presented with £1000 by their parishioners when they left London, and this was now given to the fund founded to meet the expenses of the students while at college. It is interesting to know that practically within the span of Moorhouse's life Trinity College contributed six bishops to the Anglican church. They travelled the country widely and made friends wherever they went, and especially stressed the need for the religious instruction of children. Their difficulties were great and they found the dissensions between the various religious bodies a greater bar than the opposition of sceptics. Writing in the late 1870s they said, "The hatred of Rome here is incredible. I could have gained my object long ago but for that. . . . Nothing will induce me to join in the bigoted howl against Rome." In 1881, however, they were able to assure a friend in England that the prospects of religious instruction in schools were much brighter. Their broad-mindedness appealed to many outside their own denomination. They began delivering a series of lectures in the autumn of each year on the Bible, on the gospel and city life of Corinth, on religion and science. At first given in one of the churches their audiences grew until it was necessary to engage the town hall, which held about three thousand. Without aiming at popularity Moorhouse filled this hall with people of all classes and creeds, who listened with the greatest intentness to all they said.
Moorhouse had realised that it was necessary that there should be a worthy cathedral at Melbourne. After much discussion the site was chosen as the corner of Swanston and Flinders Streets and William Butterfield as the architect, but the raising of the money became a great problem. They were heartened by a gift of £10,000 from Sir William Clarke, and even more by the receipt of £5000 from an anonymous Presbyterian, who was subsequently found to be Francis Ormond. The foundation stone of St Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne was laid on 13 April 1880 and the building was completed except for the spires in 1891. Another important question of the time was the framing of the constitution of the Church in Australia. A general synod was held at Sydney, and in the absence of the bishop of Sydney in England, Moorhouse was chosen to be chairperson. The problems to be dealt with held many difficulties and at the previous synod held five years before, time had been wasted and tempers tried, without result. There can be no question that the eloquence and earnestness of Moorhouse had much to do with the success of the meeting. They were able to report: "We worked like brothers without a single casual or vexatious objection. . . . I believe we have settled our constitution on primitive lines, and in such a way that no deadlock can arise in the future."
In 1882 Moorhouse told the Melbourne Church Assembly (Synod) of their intention to establish a Melbourne Deaconesses Home, building on the experience of the English Church since the revival of the Order of Deaconesses there in 1861. This would provide an authorised form of ministry for women, to work in areas such as education and what was then described as "rescue work" among the poorer areas of Melbourne. On 8 February 1884 they ordained Marion Macfarlane as a deaconess at Christ Church, South Yarra, the first ordination of a woman in the Australian Anglican Church.
Moorhouse's journeys about the country had taught them how severely people suffered in times of drought. They became one of the pioneers of irrigation, and gave courses of lectures showing what had been done in other countries. When asked to issue a special form of prayer for rain they said people were quite at liberty to use the prayer in the prayer-book, but that they should remember that it was their own lack of foresight which allowed so much water to run to waste, and it was their duty to remedy their own neglect. The story that their reply was that "he would pray for rain if they would dam their rivers" is not correct. When asked of the truth of this in later years, Moorhouse said they regretted they had not had the wit at the moment to put it so crisply. Their many activities were putting some strain on them when they received a cablegram offering them the see of Manchester. They accepted this offer and left Victoria to the regret of all who had been associated with him.
An enthusiastic lecturer, debater and participant in the public life of Australia, they were elected chancellor of the University of Melbourne in 1884.
Bishop of Manchester
In 1885, Moorhouse was appointed Bishop of Manchester. They left Melbourne on 10 March 1886 and was enthroned as the third Bishop of Manchester on 18 May 1886 when nearly 60 years of age, but their energy was not abated. They made visitation tours of the 600 parishes in their diocese and became familiar with their peculiar difficulties. There had been strife in connexion with ritual in the diocese which had caused much ill-feeling, and here they successfully strove for peace. Their preaching and lecturing lost none of its force and fervour, but after they reached 75 years of age in 1901 they began to suffer from bronchitis and loss of sleep.
They received the honorary degree Doctor of Literature (DLitt) from the Victoria University of Manchester in February 1902 in connection with the 50th jubilee celebrations of the establishment of the university.
Late life and legacy
Moorhouse retired in 1903 to Taunton, Somerset; their wife died in August 1906. They had no children, but their wife's niece, Miss Edith Sale, was able to occupy the place of a daughter and be a companion to him. They kept up their habit of reading but took no further part in church work. They died in Taunton on 9 April 1915. The more important of their books include Our Lord Jesus Christ, the Subject of Growth in Wisdom (1866), The Expectation of the Christ (1878), The Teaching of Christ (1891), Dangers of the Apostolic Age (1891), and Church Work its Means and Methods (1894). Their portrait at the time of theirs leaving Manchester was painted by Sir George Reid. A marble bust by Percival Ball is at the national gallery, Melbourne.
Moorhouse was tall and big framed, a good cricketer and footballer in their youth and an excellent boxer. They were unpretentious in manner, and at Melbourne they at first astonished some people by smoking a pipe and going on their walks accompanied by a bulldog. They were thoroughly broad-minded and interested in current events, with a keen eye for humbug and priggishness. Their sternness of feature and apparent coldness concealed from those who did not know them their great kindness of heart and strength of feeling. They were a tremendous worker and student, they had a clear logical mind, a sense of humour, great sincerity, and a natural gift of eloquence. These combined made them a remarkable preacher and lecturer and a great representative of their Church. They had a considerable influence on the life of Melbourne from 1876 to 1886 and those who had met them never forgot him.
References
External links
1826 births
1915 deaths
Bishops of Manchester
Anglican bishops of Melbourne
Australian people of English descent
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
Chancellors of the University of Melbourne
The ringed warbling finch (Microspingus torquatus) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, and Paraguay.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
References
ringed warbling finch
Birds of Argentina
Birds of the Bolivian Andes
ringed warbling finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The National Democratic Front (Front National Démocratique) is a minor political party in Algeria. In the 17 May 2007 People's National Assembly elections, the party won 1.38% of the vote and 1 out of 389 seats.
References
Political parties in Algeria
The Apostolic Nunciature to Cambodia is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church in Cambodia. It is a diplomatic post of the Holy See, whose representative is called the Apostolic Nuncio with the rank of an ambassador. The nuncio resides in Thailand.
The Holy See managed its affairs in Cambodia through a Delegation to Indochina established on 20 May 1925. Pope John XXIII changed its name to the Delegation to Vietnam and Cambodia on 17 June 1964. Relations were interrupted when the government fell to the Khmer Rouge in 1975. After the restoration of the monarchy in 1993, a new mission was established on 16 July 1994 as the Apostolic Nunciature to the Kingdom of Cambodia.
List of papal representatives to Cambodia
Delegates to Indochina
Costantino Aiuti (28 May 1925 – 29 July 1928)
Victor Colomban Dreyer (24 November 1928 – November 1936)
Antonin-Fernand Drapier (28 November 1936 – April 1950)
John Jarlath Dooley (18 October 1951 – September 1959)
Mario Brini (12 September 1959 – 13 June 1962)
Salvatore Asta (13 October 1962 – 23 March 1964)
Apostolic Delegate to Vietnam and Cambodia
Angelo Palmas (17 June 1964 – 19 April 1969)
Henri Lemaître (30 May 1969 - 19 December 1975)
Apostolic Nuncios
Luigi Bressan (16 July 1994 - 25 March 1999)
Adriano Bernardini (24 July 1999 - 26 April 2003)
Salvatore Pennacchio (20 September 2003 - 8 May 2010)
Giovanni d'Aniello (22 September 2010 - 10 February 2012)
Paul Tschang In-Nam (4 August 2012 – 16 July 2022)
References
Cambodia
Diplomatic missions in Cambodia
XHJRS-FM is a radio station on 95.1 FM in Jalpa, Zacatecas. The station is owned by Grupo Radiofónico ZER and is known as Caxcán FM.
History
XHJRS was permitted on November 30, 2011.
References
Radio stations in Zacatecas
Radio stations established in 2011
Sandhyakku Virinja Poovu () is a 1983 Indian Malayalam-language drama film written by Thoppil Bhasi and directed by P. G. Viswambharan. It is based on the 1980 novel of the same name by P. R. Shyamala. The film features Mammootty, Shankar, Seema, Mohanlal, Prathapachandran and Adoor Bhasi in major roles. The film did well commercially.
Plot
Dr. Baladevi (Seema) is a gynecologist. They lost their parents at a young age and is deeply attached to their only brother Thilakan (Shankar). Thilakan gets an opportunity to pursue their study in U.S. As they were about to depart, they tell Baladevi about their girlfriend Subhashini and wanted Baladevi to take care of them
The twist comes when Subhashini informs Baladevi that they were raped by a man and is pregnant. They want Baladevi to abort their child. However, they die during the MTP surgery and Baladevi gets into an allegation and legal case related to that death. A case is filed by Subhashini's cousin Ramu (Mohanlal), who also tries to blackmail Baladevi for money.
Baladevi is helped by Adv. Jayamohan (Mammootty), who has a weakness for ladies. The verdict came in favour of Baladevi, who eventually falls for Jayamohan, whose lifestyle changes after involving in a relation with them Meanwhile, Jayamohan also reveals that Subhashini has had relations with many men including him, and Ramu was a pimp, not a cousin to them
Cast
Mammootty as Advocate Jayamohan
Shankar as Thilakan
Seema as Dr. Baladevi
Mohanlal as Ramu
Adoor Bhasi as Panikkarammavan
Uma Bharani as Subhashini
Ambika as Priya
Prathapachandran as Nambiar
Sukumari as Jayamohan's mother
Y. Vijaya as Sumitra friend of Baladevi
V. D. Rajappan as a Sumitra's husband and common friend of Jayamohan and Baladevi
Soundtrack
The film features three songs written by noted poet O. N. V. Kurup and composed by Ilaiyaraaja.
Reception
According to The Times of India, the film was one of the films in which Seema "immortalised their characters". In another article by the same publication, Mammootty's role was described as one of the "astounding advocate roles they have given life to". Seema themselves rated their role of Dr. Baladevi in Sandhyakku Virinja Poovu and as the teenage prostitute in Avalude Ravukal as their best.
References
External links
Sandhyakku Virinja Poovu at the Malayalam Movie Database
1980s Malayalam-language films
1983 films
1983 drama films
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
Films based on Indian novels
Films with screenplays by Thoppil Bhasi
Films directed by P. G. Viswambharan
is a district in the city of Nan'yō, Yamagata, Japan. The two kanji characters that form the name "nakagawa" mean "inside" or "medium" (size) and "river".
Nakagawa was the site of a quarry, and today its most Important Cultural Property is the carved on the south face of Mount Iwabu. These Kannon images were created in the Edo period. The was built in 1880 on the orders of the first governor of Yamagata Prefecture, and is preserved as an example of efforts to improve communications in the prefecture in its early history.
Education
Nakagawa has one elementary school and had one junior high school. Nakagawa Junior High School was closed in 2008 and merged with Akayu Junior High School.
Transport
Nakagawa is served by National Route 13 and Nakagawa Station, run by JR East.
Nan'yō, Yamagata
Stichodactylidae is a family of sea anemones that contains the genera Stichodactyla (carpet anemones) and Heteractis. These sea anemones exclusively reside within the shallow waters of the tropical Indo-Pacific area and are in the main family of sea anemones that hosts several varieties of clownfishes. Most sea anemone species are harmless to humans, but at least some Stichodactyla are highly venomous and their sting may cause anaphylactic shock and organ failure (notably acute liver failure). In contrast, the venom of Heteractis has shown potential in treatment of lung cancer.
Discovery
Collingwood C. first discovered Stichodactylidae back in 1868 after taking note on the existence of gigantic sea-anemones in the China Sea, containing quasi-parasitic fish.
Genera and species
The following species are recognized within the family Stichodactylidae:
Genus Heteractis
Heteractis aurora
Sebae anemone (Heteractis crispa)
Heteractis magnifica
Heteractis malu
Genus Stichodactyla (carpet anemones)
Stichodactyla gigantea
Stichodactyla haddoni
Stichodactyla helianthus
Stichodactyla mertensii
Stichodactyla tapetum
Gallery
References
Actinioidea
Taxa named by Angelo Andres
Hugh Mackay (1832 – April 2, 1890) was a Scottish-born business person and political figure in Quebec. They were a member of the Legislative Council of Quebec representing Victoria division from April 4 to 13 in 1888.
They were born in Caithness, the son of Angus Mackay and their wife Euphemia. Mackay came to Canada during the 1830s and was educated at the École Phillips in Montreal. They were employed by Joseph Mackay and Sons which was owned by their uncles, becoming a partner in 1856. Mackay was president of the Mackay Institute for deaf-mutes, vice-president of the local St. Andrew's Society and a director of the Royal Canadian Insurance Company. They were also a co-founder and director for the Bell Telephone Company of Canada. Mackay later moved to Saint Louis, Missouri, where they died at the age of 57. They were buried in Mount Royal Cemetery.
Their brother Robert served in the Canadian senate.
References
1832 births
1890 deaths
Quebec Liberal Party MLCs
Scottish emigrants to pre-Confederation Quebec
Pre-Confederation Canadian businesspeople
Immigrants to Lower Canada
Anglophone Quebec people
Burials at Mount Royal Cemetery
Manuel Delgado (born 19 May 1955) is a Spanish water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
See also
Spain men's Olympic water polo team records and statistics
List of men's Olympic water polo tournament goalkeepers
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
Water polo players from Barcelona
Spanish male water polo players
Water polo goalkeepers
Olympic water polo players of Spain
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Kessleria wehrlii is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in France.
The length of the forewings is 8.1-9.5 mm for males and 6.2 mm for females. The forewings are white with greyish scales. The hindwings are light grey. Adults have been recorded in July.
The larvae possibly feed on Saxifraga retusa.
References
Moths described in 1992
Yponomeutidae
Moths of Europe
Women's football is not a popular sport in San Marino, no women's national association football team exists, and the national football association does not have a full-time staff member working on the sport.
Background and development
Football is the fourth most popular women's sport in the country, behind volleyball which is the most popular. In 2006, there were 65 total registered female footballers in the country, 48 of which were senior players over 17 years of age. That year, there were 16 football clubs in the country, only one of which was open to women to play on mixed gender teams.
Women's football is represented in Federazione Sammarinese Gioco Calcio, the national football association, by specific mandate. They do not have a full-time staffer dedicated to women's football. Less than 5% of the national federation's budget is earmarked for women's football compared to 22% for men's competitions and 9% for youth competitions. In 2009, Caesar Biordi was in charge of women's football in the country.
By September 2020, the country has a women's club, San Marino Academy, which competes in the Italian Serie A. Eleonora Cecchini is the only Sammarinese player of the team.
References
Women's association football in Europe
Football in San Marino
Lijeska may refer to:
Lijeska, Bijelo Polje, Montenegro
Lijeska, Pljevlja, Montenegro
The Artist's Wife is a 2019 American drama film directed by Tom Dolby. The film, shot in New York City and East Hampton, stars Lena Olin, Bruce Dern, Juliet Rylance, Avan Jogia, Catherine Curtin, Tonya Pinkins and Stefanie Powers. The film premiered at the 2019 Hamptons International Film Festival. It was scheduled to release in the United States on April 3, 2020, at the Angelika Film Center and Landmark Theaters in New York City, with additional engagements to follow, but was postponed to a streaming and virtual cinema release on September 25, 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. It was released in the U.K. on April 30, 2021, and is scheduled to be released in Australia and New Zealand on May 20, 2021.
Plot
The Artist's Wife centers on Claire (Lena Olin), the wife of famed artist Richard Smythson (Bruce Dern) and once a promising painter herself, who now lives in the shadow of their husband's illustrious career. While preparing work for a new exhibition, Richard is diagnosed with dementia. As Richard's memories and moods become lost and erratic, Claire attempts to shield their illness from the art community while trying to reconnect them with their estranged daughter (Juliet Rylance) and grandson (Ravi Cabot-Conyers). Claire, who has taken up painting once again, must decide whether to stand with their husband in the shadows or step into the spotlight herself.
Cast
Lena Olin as Claire Smythson
Bruce Dern as Richard Smythson
Juliet Rylance as Angela Smythson
Avan Jogia as Danny
Catherine Curtin as Joyce
Tonya Pinkins as Liza Caldwell
Stefanie Powers as Ada Risi
Ravi Cabot-Conyers as Gogo
Reception
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of based on reviews, with an average rating of .
Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle wrote, “The revelation here is Lena Olin, who gets their best role in years.” Joe Leydon wrote in Variety that “The Artist's Wife stands apart from the pack.” They also noted that, “Olin subtly expresses an impressively diverse array of complex and often contradictory emotions” while "Dern sustains a firm grip on our sympathy,” and that scenes between them “crackle with intensity.”
Frank Scheck of The Hollywood Reporter wrote that the film was, “Terrific…a superbly nuanced performance in which [Olin] seems literally to glow brighter the longer she's onscreen.” The film's portrayal of sexuality was also praised, with Scheck noting that, "the actor seizes this one with fervor, clearly relishing the film's adult treatment of mature sexuality...The Artist's Wife displays rare sophistication for a non-European film, allowing its no-longer-young stars to demonstrate that physical passion doesn't necessarily diminish with age.”
Some critics decried similarities to the 2017 film The Wife, with Scheck noting, “Despite its value in providing superb starring turns by Lena Olin and Bruce Dern, the film never manages to overcome its air of familiarity.”
Olin and Dern received critical acclaim for their performances. Variety placed Olin and Dern on its inaugural lists of the publication's top 40 candidates for Best Actress and Best Actor nominations for the 2021 Academy Awards.
Film festivals
Hamptons International Film Festival
(Next Exposure Grant Winner)
Palm Springs International Film Festival
Mill Valley Film Festival
Sonoma International Film Festival
(Best US Independent Feature)
Whistler Film Festival
Sarasota Film Festival
Gold Coast International Film Festival
(Audience Award for Best Narrative Feature)
References
External links
The Artist's Wife Official Website
https://www.theartistswifetickets.com
2019 films
American drama films
American films about Alzheimer's disease
Films about Alzheimer's disease
Films about fictional painters
Films postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Films set in Long Island
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
The Cuban gnatcatcher (Polioptila lembeyei) is a species of bird in the family Polioptilidae, the gnatcatchers. It is endemic to Cuba.
Taxonomy and systematics
"The Cuban Gnatcatcher was described by the most famous of this island's ornithologists, the naturalised Juan (Johannes) Gundlach". It was named in honor of Juan Lembeye.
The Cuban gnatcatcher is monotypic.
Description
The Cuban gnatcatcher is long and weighs and is among the smallest members of genus Polioptila. Like most members of the genus, the male is blue-gray above and white below. It has a unique black crescent behind the eye and ear coverts and a long black tail with white outer feathers. The female is similar but paler, and its facial crescent is thinner. The juvenile is olive-gray above and has buffy flanks, a creamy belly, and only a faint facial crescent.
Distribution and habitat
The Cuban gnatcatcher is found along much of the north and southeast coasts of Cuba and also in disjunct areas along the south coast. It inhabits xeric scrubland, mostly below of elevation.
Behavior
Feeding
The Cuban gnatcatcher's diet has not been thoroughly documented; it is assumed to be small insects and spiders. It forages actively among the lower branches of vegetation.
Breeding
The Cuban gnatcatcher's breeding season extends from March to July. Its nest is a deep cup constructed by both sexes using hair, vegetable fibers, and small leaves and lined with softer material. It hangs from a fork in a small branch of a spiny bush up to above the ground. The clutch size varies from two to five but is usually three. In a detailed study cited by Atwood et al (2020), 35 of 38 clutches were predated before the young fledged.
Vocalization
The Cuban gnatcatcher's song is "a sustained rambling, disorganized series of warbles, whistles and chattering notes" .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the Cuban gnatcatcher as being of The Least Concern. However, "[its] restricted habitat is considered vulnerable to grazing and habitat conversion."
References
External links
Cuban Gnatcatcher videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Stamps (for Cuba) – 3 issues
Cuban gnatcatcher
Endemic birds of Cuba
Cuban gnatcatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Colliery Stadium is a multi purpose stadium in Birsinghpur, Madhya Pradesh, India. The ground is mainly used for organizing matches of football, cricket and other sports.
The stadium hosted four first-class matches from 1967 when Madhya Pradesh cricket team played against Vidarbha cricket team. until 1987 but since then the stadium has hosted non first-class cricket matches.
References
External links
cricketarchive
cricinfo
Cricket grounds in Madhya Pradesh
Sports venues in Madhya Pradesh
Sports venues completed in 1967
1967 establishments in Madhya Pradesh
Satna district
Gunnar Sandgren (27 June 1929 – 4 November 2016) was a Swedish journalist, novelist and playwright.
Biography
Gunnar Ernst Algot Sandgren was born in Ölmstad parish in Jönköping County, Sweden. They were the son of Ernst Sandgren and Signhild Nilsson. They first worked as a journalist at Svenska Dagbladet from 1952.
They made their literary debut in 1960, with the novel Förklaringsberget. They later wrote a series of historical novels. Bonniers published their books for the next 30 years.
During the 1970s, Sandgren worked for Sveriges Television where they and wrote a number of plays. They later they turned to classical theater where several of their plays attracted attention.
They were awarded the Dobloug Prize in 1981.
References
1929 births
2016 deaths
People from Jönköping County
Swedish journalists
20th-century Swedish dramatists and playwrights
Swedish male novelists
Swedish male dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Swedish novelists
20th-century Swedish male writers
Dobloug Prize winners
The San Francisco Bay Area Renters' Federation (SFBARF) is a political advocacy group formed in response to the present-day San Francisco housing shortage. SFBARF advocates for more housing development, and fewer zoning restrictions on the production of housing. It is one of several formed YIMBY (Yes In My Back Yard) groups in the San Francisco Bay Area.
History, organization, and membership
SFBARF is an unincorporated club. The organization's acronym barf, a slang term for vomiting, was deliberately chosen to improve the group's name recognition.
SFBARF engages in anti-"NIMBY" political activity, such as rallying for housing projects, campaigning for legislation, and organizing events. The press has referred to SFBARF as an "avidly pro-development grass-roots activist group" aiming to increase the height and density of buildings allowed under San Francisco Bay Area zoning regulations. The New York Times says of the group: "Its platform is simple: Members want San Francisco and its suburbs to build more of every kind of housing. More subsidized affordable housing, more market-rate rentals, more high-end condominiums."
The group was founded in early 2014 by local activist Sonja Trauss, a self-described anarchist. Previously a prep school math teacher, Trauss now leads the group full-time.
As of April 2016, the group had a mailing list of 500 people and a "a few dozen hard-core members — most of them young professionals who work in the technology industry — who speak out at government meetings and protest against the protesters who fight new development."
Funding
Opponents have accused the organization of being funded by the real estate industry. SFBARF has denied this claim, saying they have raised no money from real estate developers. Yelp CEO Jeremy Stoppelman has donated $10,000 to the group.
Campaign to take over SF Sierra Club
In 2015, SFBARF campaigned to take over the leadership for the San Francisco chapter of the Sierra Club, claiming that the local chapter opposed high-density development, such as 2015's Proposition D in Mission Bay. According to the San Francisco Business Times, SFBARF "believes that blocking dense housing near transit encourages sprawl," which is environmentally destructive. The national Sierra Club strongly supports infill development. The campaign was criticized in an editorial in VICE, which said that one of the candidates SFBARF supported, Donald Dewsnup, had a history of using "shady" activism tactics. Dewsnup was later convicted of voter fraud.
Litigation
The group has invoked California's Housing Accountability Act in order to sue cities when they attempt to block, restrict, or downsize housing development.
Their first suit was in 2015, when SFBARF sued the city of Lafayette, California for blocking a housing development. The group referred to this as part of their "Sue the Suburbs" campaign, creating a website under this name. The suit claimed that under California's Housing Accountability Act, the Lafayette city council could not force developers to reduce the density of a housing project, since the project already complied with all zoning laws. In a televised debate with SFBARF, Lafayette mayor Brandt Andersson argued the suit was unwarranted, saying that Lafayette should "keep multi-unit housing downtown" near the BART station.
SFBARF v. City of Berkeley 2017
In April 2015, a developer submitted an application to tear down a dilapidated building at 1310 Haskell Street in Berkeley, and replace it with three two-story homes. In July 2016, the Berkeley City Council voted 5-0 (with 4 abstentions) to deny the proposal. The city was sued by the SF Bay Area Renters Federation, who argued that denying the application violated California's Housing Accountability Act (HAA). In October 2016, the city settled the lawsuit by agreeing to reconsider the proposal.
In July 2017, the judge ruled in favor of SFBARF. In September 2017, the Berkeley City Council voted to approve the project and settle the lawsuit.
See also
San Francisco housing shortage
California housing shortage
External links
Sue the Suburbs website
References
Organizations based in San Francisco
Housing organizations in the United States
In human anatomy, the transverse colon is the longest and most movable part of the colon.
Anatomical position
It crosses the abdomen from the ascending colon at the right colic flexure (hepatic flexure) with a downward convexity to the descending colon where it curves sharply on itself beneath the lower end of the spleen forming the left colic flexure (splenic flexure).
In its course, it describes an arch, the concavity of which is directed backward and a little upward. Toward its splenic end there is often an abrupt U-shaped curve which may descend lower than the main curve.
It is almost completely invested by the peritoneum, and is connected to the inferior border of the pancreas by a large and wide duplicature of that membrane, the transverse mesocolon.
It is in relation, by its upper surface, with the liver and gall-bladder, the greater curvature of the stomach, and the lower end of the spleen; by its under surface, with the small intestine; by its anterior surface, with the posterior layer of the greater omentum and the abdominal wall; its posterior surface is in relation from right to left with the descending portion of the duodenum, the head of the pancreas, and some of the convolutions of the jejunum and ileum.
Function
The transverse colon absorbs water and salts.
Additional images
See also
Colon
References
External links
- "The large intestine."
Large intestine
Khushbu Sundar (born Nakhat Khan; 29 September 1970) is an Indian actor, politician, film producer, and television presenter.  They are known for their works predominantly in Tamil films, besides Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada films.
They have received three Tamil Nadu State Film Awards, one Kerala state Film Special Mention and one Kalaimamani by Tamil Nadu government.
Early life
Khushbu was born as Nakhat Khan on 29 September 1970 into a Muslim family in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. Them parents gave them the stage name Khushbu when they started their career as a child actor. They have been living in Chennai since 1986.
Personal life
They dated actor Prabhu while filming the block buster movie Chinna Thambi (1991). They had been in a live-in relationship for four and half years, they got married on September 12, 1993 at the house in Poes Garden that they had bought. Sivaji Ganesan, father of Prabhu, strictly opposed their relationship and finally Khushbu and Prabhu decided to break up their relationship and ended it within four months.
In 2000, they married film actor, director and producer Sundar C. They have been using the married name Khushbu Sundar since then. They have two daughters, Avantika and Anandita, after whom they named their production house, Avni Cinemax.
Khushbu added their husband's name Sundar to their name after marriage. In 2018, they were accused by BJP and the Hindutva of hiding their name Nakat Khan.
Film career
Child artist
Khushbu started their career as a child artist in the Hindi film The Burning Train (1980) in the song "Teri Hai Zameen Tera Aasman". Between 1980 and 1985 they performed as a child actor in the Hindi films Naseeb, Laawaris, Kaalia, Dard Ka Rishta, and Bemisal.
Them Pari/Fairy song "Main Pariyon Ki Shehzaadi" from Dard Ka Rishta, a 1982 Hindi movie, was very successful and is still a highly popular song at annual Day School performances, children's parties and Pari/Fairy themed parties in India.
Hindi films
Khushbu, in the film Meri Jung (1985), danced with Javed Jaffrey in their first dancing role on screen in the super-hit song "Bol Baby Bol, Rock'n Roll".
Khushbu played their first main lead in Jaanoo (1985), opposite Jackie Shroff. They also starred in Tan-Badan (1986), opposite Govinda, which was the first lead role for Govinda.
Khushbu played a significant supporting role in Deewana Mujh Sa Nahin (1990), which also starred Aamir Khan and Madhuri Dixit.
South Indian films
Khushbu was introduced to South Indian screens through the Telugu film Kaliyuga Pandavulu (1986), opposite Venkatesh. They then moved their base to Chennai and started focusing on Tamil and other South Indian film industries.
Prabhu and Khushbu teamed up for the first time in the Tamil film Dharmathin Thalaivan.
They have acted in more than 150 films after moving to the South.
Popularity
Temple built for Khushbu
During their peak, Khushbu was the leading actor of Tamil cinema. They became the first and only Indian actor for whom their fans built a dedicated temple.
Involvement with Australian Football
Khushbu and sprinter Usain Bolt are honorary members of Richmond Football Club, based in Melbourne, Australia. Khushbu was made the number-one ticket holder of Richmond Football Club in 2016, and was the number-one female ticket holder in 2017. Khushbu was nominated for the honorary membership of Richmond Football Club by former Ministerial Adviser Mr. Nitin Gupta.
 They are the first Indian celebrity, and the only Indian female to be bestowed with such an honour in the AFL.. They had agreed to help promote AFL Football in India, after taking a guided tour of the Richmond Football Club. This offer was a goodwill gesture to further strengthen Australia–India relations.
Food dishes, products named after Khushbu
During their peak in Tamil cinema, many dishes in Tamil Nadu were named after Khushbu. Kushboo Idli, a rice cake, was the most popular food item named after the actor. Kushboo Jhumki, Kushboo Sarees, Kushboo Sharbet, Kushboo Coffee, Kushboo Cocktails and various other food items were named after them Many items still retain those names.
Offer to promote Little Indias in Melbourne
Khushbu has offered to help in the promotion of Little India cultural precincts in Melbourne by becoming its Brand Ambassador.
Political career
Khushbu joined the DMK on 14 May 2010. They were welcomed by DMK Leader Karunanidhi at the party headquarters in Chennai. Khushbu quit DMK on 16 June 2014.
Khushbu joined the Indian National Congress on 26 November 2014 after meeting with then Congress President Mrs. Sonia Gandhi, and then Vice-president Mr. Rahul Gandhi. They were the National Spokesperson of the INC. Kushbu was very critical of Narendra Modi's policies and has often taken to Twitter to criticise the ruling dispensation.
They resigned from Congress on 12 October 2020, and joined the Bharatiya Janata Party same day ahead of the Tamil Nadu Assembly elections in 2021. The congress secretary of Media said that Khushbu was being pressurized by their husband Sundar C to join the BJP. They claimed that their previous party "does not want an intelligent woman" and there is no freedom to speak the truth within the party and called the Congress as "mentally retarded". The National Platform for the Rights of the Disabled (NPRD) filed 30 complaints at different police stations in the state over their statements for allegedly making derogatory remarks against people with disabilities.
2021 Tamil Nadu assembly election
The Bharatiya Janata Party has fielded Khushbu for the 2021 Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly election from A Thousand Lights constituency in Chennai. They lost the election by a margin of 32200 votes to Ezhilan N of Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam.
Social issues
Opposition by Hindutva groups
Kushbu created a controversy in December 2012 when they wore a saree which had images of Hindu gods of Ram, Krishna and Hanuman. The Hindu Makkal Katchi demanded them for an apology and threatened to start agitations. They responded by saying that "I am not going to answer every Tom, Dick and Harry. Why should I? There is no need at all. Why are they worried about what a woman sports. Don't they have any other worthwhile work?".
The Hindu Munnani and the Hindu Makkal Katchi filed several cases against Khushbu, accusing the actor that they had disrespected Hindu gods by sitting cross-legged with their slippers in front of the idols of Goddesses Lakshmi, Sarswathy and Parvathy during 'pooja' for the muhurat at Chennai on 22 November 2007.
Support for jallikattu
Khushbu has been a very vocal supporter of the bull-taming sport jallikattu, and has voiced their opinion at various national and international platforms. They even visited a cattle station in Warrnambool, Australia to get a better understanding of how cattle is treated and raised on farms outside India.
Comments on pre-marital sex
In 2005, they said in an interview it was fine for girls to indulge in pre-marital sex if they safeguard themselves and take precautions to prevent pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases. Later, they justified their statement by saying no educated man could expect their partner to be a virgin. Dalit Panthers of India stormed the office of the South India Film Artistes' Association in Chennai demanding an apology from them The Pattali Makkal Katchi said it will protest outside their house. 22 complaints that they were "defaming Tamil womanhood and chastity" were brought against her, but in 2010 the Supreme Court dismissed all cases.
Accusations against IFFM, Melbourne
In August 2017, Khushbu accused Mitu Bhowmick Lange, the tender provider and director of Indian Film Festival of Melbourne (IFFM) of discriminating against non-Hindi films and film stars.
Khushbu has been very vocal about getting more recognition for South Indian cinema, and the non-Hindi cinema from India on global platforms and film festivals. They have always maintained that Indian cinema is not just about Bollywood movies.
Maxim morphed photo case
In January 2006, in their first Indian edition, Maxim magazine featured a full-page composite photograph with their head pasted onto the body of a model wearing a bikini. Khushbu filed two complaints: defamation and the indecent representation of women against the editor and four others involved with the magazine. The proceedings were later stayed by the Madras High Court in December 2007 based on a plea filed by one of those charged.
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
1970 births
Indian film actores
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Actresses in Telugu cinema
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
Tamil Nadu State Film Awards winners
Actresses in Kannada cinema
Actresses in Hindi cinema
20th-century Indian actores
Actresses from Mumbai
21st-century Indian actores
Indian atheists
Indian Muslims
Indian feminists
Indian television actores
Actresses in Tamil television
Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam politicians
Indian National Congress politicians
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Tamil Nadu
In thermodynamics, a reversible process is a process, involving a system and its surroundings, whose direction can be reversed by infinitesimal changes in some properties of the surroundings, such as pressure or temperature.
Throughout an entire reversible process, the system is in thermodynamic equilibrium, both physical and chemical, and nearly in pressure and temperature equilibrium with its surroundings. This prevents unbalanced forces and acceleration of moving system boundaries, which in turn avoids friction and other dissipation.
To maintain equilibrium, reversible processes are extremely slow (quasistatic). The process must occur slowly enough that after some small change in a thermodynamic parameter, the physical processes in the system have enough time for the other parameters to self-adjust to match the new, changed parameter value. For example, if a container of water has sat in a room long enough to match the steady temperature of the surrounding air, for a small change in the air temperature to be reversible, the whole system of air, water, and container must wait long enough for the container and air to settle into a new, matching temperature before the next small change can occur.
While processes in isolated systems are never reversible, cyclical processes can be reversible or irreversible. Reversible processes are hypothetical or idealized but central to the second law of thermodynamics. Melting or freezing of ice in water is an example of a realistic process that is nearly reversible.
Reversible processes are useful in thermodynamics because they are so idealized that the equations for heat and expansion/compression work are simple. This enables the analysis of model processes, which usually define the maximum efficiency attainable in corresponding real processes. Other applications exploit that entropy and internal energy are state functions whose change depends only on the initial and final states of the system, not on how the process occurred. Therefore, the entropy and internal-energy change in a real process can be calculated quite easily by analyzing a reversible process connecting the real initial and final system states. In addition, reversibility defines the thermodynamic condition for chemical equilibrium.
Overview
Thermodynamic processes can be carried out in one of two ways: reversibly or irreversibly. An ideal thermodynamically reversible process is free of dissipative losses and therefore the magnitude of work performed by or on the system would be maximized. The incomplete conversion of heat to work in a cyclic process, however, applies to both reversible and irreversible cycles. The dependence of work on the path of the thermodynamic process is also unrelated to reversibility, since expansion work, which can be visualized on a pressure–volume diagram as the area beneath the equilibrium curve, is different for different reversible expansion processes (e.g. adiabatic, then isothermal; vs. isothermal, then adiabatic) connecting the same initial and final states.
Irreversibility
In an irreversible process, finite changes are made; therefore the system is not at equilibrium throughout the process. In a cyclic process, the difference between the reversible work and the actual work for a process as shown in the following equation:
Boundaries and states
Simple reversible processes change the state of a system in such a way that the net change in the combined entropy of the system and its surroundings is zero. (The entropy of the system alone is conserved only in reversible adiabatic processes.) Nevertheless, the Carnot cycle demonstrates that the state of the surroundings may change in a reversible process as the system returns to its initial state. Reversible processes define the boundaries of how efficient heat engines can be in thermodynamics and engineering: a reversible process is one where the machine has maximum efficiency (see Carnot cycle).
In some cases, it may be important to distinguish between reversible and quasistatic processes. Reversible processes are always quasistatic, but the converse is not always true. For example, an infinitesimal compression of a gas in a cylinder where there is friction between the piston and the cylinder are a quasistatic, but not reversible process. Although the system has been driven from its equilibrium state by only an infinitesimal amount, energy has been irreversibly lost to waste heat, due to friction, and cannot be recovered by simply moving the piston in the opposite direction by the infinitesimally same amount.
Engineering archaisms
Historically, the term Tesla principle was used to describe (among other things) certain reversible processes invented by Nikola Tesla. However, this phrase is no longer in conventional use. The principle stated that some systems could be reversed and operated in a complementary manner. It was developed during Tesla's research in alternating currents where the current's magnitude and direction varied cyclically. During a demonstration of the Tesla turbine, the disks revolved and machinery fastened to the shaft was operated by the engine. If the turbine's operation was reversed, the disks acted as a pump.
Footnotes
See also
Time reversibility
Carnot cycle
Entropy production
Toffoli gate
Time evolution
Quantum circuit
Reversible computing
Maxwell's demon
Stirling engine
References
Thermodynamic processes
Bernalda (Metapontino: or ) is a town and comune in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata. The frazione of Metaponto is the site of the ancient city of Metapontum.
Until the 15th century, it was called Camarda. It is home to a castle built in the 15th century during the Aragonese rule in the Kingdom of Naples.
The patron Saint of Bernalda is Saint Bernardino of Siena. The celebration of Saint Bernardino is on 20 May and on 23 August.
Main sights
Religious buildings
Mother Church, built in the 1530s by Bernardino de Bernaudo. Originally the church was very small with only one nave. During the XVII, the church was built up with a second nave. In the church there were: a cemetery for priests under the choir, and a second cemetery, near the baptismal font, for children who died within the seventh year of life. The church was refurbished in the 1950s, 1960s and 2000s.
Church of Our Lady of Mount Carmel: this church was subject to at least two or three refurbishments and amplifications, before obtaining the current appearance. In 1678 the church was received an altar with the image of the Lady of Mount Carmel painted on the wall. In the second half of the 19th century, it was enlarged to accommodate the statues and a big wooden 17th-century crucifix.
Convent Church. The Convent of St. Antonio from Padova, with the attached church, was founded in 1616. At the time of the titling of the church, two factions arranged among the observants: a part that wanted to dedicate the church to the Immaculate, the other one to St. Antonio from Padova. The fate chose St. Antonio. The current front of the church was built in the 19th century. After the Italian unification many properties, often of historical importance and owned by the Ecclesiastical Fund, became state assets. So that the monks made over their convent to the Municipal offices. In the right nave is located the 19th-century crucifix.
Other sights
The castle was probably built by the Normans in the 11th century and restored by the Aragonese during their domination, when it was enlarged, fortified and protected with a moat and a drawbridge. On the west side there is a thin square tower considered more ancient than the other towers of round shape. The façade of the Castle that overlooks the Mother Church is the result of a later restoration.
Palaces include:
Palazzo Margherita
Palazzo Dell'Osso
Palazzo Fischetti
Palazzo Lacava
Palazzo Guida
Palazzo Appio
Notable family
Coppola family
Twin towns – sister cities
Bernalda is twinned with:
L'Aquila, Italy
Siena, Italy
Massa Marittima, Italy
Mirabella Eclano, Italy
Venosa, Italy
Marsicovetere, Italy
External links
Back to Bernalda by Francis Ford Coppola, T (International Herald Tribune Style Magazine), 8 December 2012
Coppola talks about Bernalda, The New York Times, 9 March 2009
Local dishes
Crapiata
Cialledda
Scorzette pastries
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Castles in Italy
Hopton Cangeford is a civil parish in Shropshire, England. It contains four listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, one is at Grade II*, the middle of the three grades, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The parish contains the village of Hopton Cangeford and the surrounding countryside, and the listed buildings consist of a farmhouse, a private house, a telephone kiosk, and a redundant church.
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of buildings and structures in Shropshire
HeiQ (German pronunciation: [ˈhaɪkju]) is HeiQ Group. The mother company of the group is a Swiss specialty chemistry company, HeiQ Materials AG, headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland. It was founded in 2005 as a spin-off of Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich (ETH).
HeiQ produces and sells textile finishing and other auxiliaries. But its core business activity is to conduct co-joint research and development projects with consumer textile products brands such as those that produce and market apparels (e.g. Patagonia, Mammut, Hanes) and home furnishings (e.g. Bekeart, IKEA) or textile producers for textile finishing achieving effects that are currently not in market or not optimized to certain products.
For the Deepwater Horizon oil spill that began in April 2010 in the Gulf of Mexico, HeiQ, TWE Group and Beyond Surface Technologies jointly developed an oil-absorbing, water-repelling, nonwoven fabric, in the name Oilguard for oil relief efforts. The product was intended for beach protection against oil spills and was applied to the shoreline. This allows for the fabric to absorb crude oil while repelling the seawater. This innovation was rewarded the Swiss Technology Award (2010) and the Swiss Award (2013). The water-repelling property of Oilguard is achieved with a textile finishing that creates the Lotus Effect on the surface of the non-woven fabric. The non-fluorinated finishing makes the fabric only water repellent but not oil repellent, therefore the fabric absorbs oil crudes but not the seawater.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, HeiQ announced the launch of an "antiviral and antimicrobial textile treatment that was tested effective against coronavirus".
The HeiQ Group consists of HeiQ Materials AG and its subsidiaries in North Carolina (HeiQ ChemTex), Shanghai, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Portugal and Australia.
References
Nanotechnology
Thaduka is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae, the blues. It is monotypic, containing only the species Thaduka multicaudata, the many-tailed oak-blue, which is found in India, Burma and Indochina.
Description
References
Arhopalini
Monotypic butterfly genera
Taxa named by Frederic Moore
Lycaenidae genera
Maria of Portugal (; 6 April 1342, in Évora, Kingdom of Portugal – 1377, in Aveiro, Kingdom of Portugal or Genoa, Republic of Genoa, Liguria, Italy) was a Portuguese infanta (princess) member of the House of Burgundy and by marriage Marchioness of Tortosa and Lady of Albarracín.
They were the eldest child and daughter of infante Pedro of Portugal (who became King in 1357) and their first wife Constanza Manuel. I parents' marriage produced four children, but only infanta Maria and their younger brother, the future King Fernando I of Portugal survive adulthood; from their father's relationship (or second marriage) with Inês de Castro and later affair with Teresa Lourenço, they had several half-siblings, including Beatriz, Countess consort of Alburquerque and João of Aviz, who became King of Portugal in 1385 and founder of the House of Aviz, who ruled the Kingdom of Portugal until 1580.
Life
On 3 February 1354, the 11-years-old infanta Maria married their distant cousin infante Fernando of Aragon, Marquis of Tortosa and Lord of Albarracín (son of King Alfonso IV of Aragon and their second wife, Eleanor of Castile). This marriage was arranged by their grandfather, King Afonso IV of Portugal, to strengthen the alliance between the Kingdom of Portugal and the Crown of Aragon. About this union, from which there was no offspring, historian Jerónimo Zurita y Castro mentions that "the King of Aragon showed much discontent and regret", since it meant that from that moment the Kingdom of Portugal took part in the conflict between Aragon and Castile. King Afonso IV gave their granddaughter as a dowry the villages of Ilhavo, Milho, Arcos, Crastadaes, Quintella, Carvalhaes, Ferreiros, and houses in Espinel, Cea, Ponte de Almeara and Avellãas, with all its terms and rights and with all that belonged to the reide civil and criminal jurisdictions.
During the War of the two Pedros between King Pedro IV of Aragon and their cousin King Pedro I of Castile (nicknamed the Cruel), infante Fernando, who aspired to the throne of the latter, turned out to be a completely annoying ally for their half-brother Pedro IV, who, remembering their previous participation in the revolt of the Kingdom of Valencia, had them assassinated on 16 July 1363.
The now widowed infanta Maria sees how their brother-in-law seized their deceased husband's domains (Tortosa, Albarracín, Fraga and other places) and forbade them to return to Portugal, as was their intention, until they renounced all the property that belonged to their husband. After an unsuccessful attempt to escape, they were arrested and taken to court, remaining in the custody of two Aragonese ladies of their sister-in-law Queen Eleanor of Sicily, despite the protests of King Charles II of Navarre, who supported them
The following nine years (1364–1373), infanta Maria's life must not have been easy in Barcelona. Surrounded by relatives of their husband who hated them to the point of wanting to kill her, and suspected them enough to believe that they could use magic and spells against their enemies (Juan, Duke of Girona even accused them of being the instigator of the death of their intended wife, princess Joanna of France, with the help of the midwife Bonanada), Maria remained deprived of freedom of movement. During their stay in the Aragonese court, they received through Pope Urban V a proposal of marriage of King Frederick III of Sicily, which they rejected.
On 9 October 1365 infanta Maria dictated their first testament and on 6 December 1370 a second one, modified in the Monastery of Poblet the contents of the previous testament. Although they generally maintain the provisions set forth in the first will, are observed a number of changes, especially related to the death of some legatees. In their will, infanta Maria appoints as executors their brother King Fernando I of Portugal, and Martinho Gil de Basto, Bishop of Évora, for all matters related to Portugal. In addition, however, they also appointed Queen Eleanor of Sicily as executor (so that they could ensure the correct execution of the will concerning the Aragonese legacies) alongside with Romeu Sescomes, Bishop of Lleida, their butler Gil Roderic de Almazán, their aia Constança d'Arana, Guillem de Comes, provost of Tarragona, their treasurer Joan Sanç de Molina, and Berenguer de Santjust. About the executors for the Aragonese legacies, the infanta probably chose those whom they believe neutral or faithful to them in the conflict they face with King Pedro IV.
However, despite the mistreatment they suffered with their in-laws, in the context of the First Fernandine War (1370), infanta Maria would have made an effort to establish an alliance between the Kingdoms of Aragon and Portugal:
According to Zurita, under the terms of the alliance treaty between the two kingdoms, would remain as guarantors (hostages) João Afonso Telo, 4th Count of Barcelos, Martim Garcia and Badasal Spinola "crossbowmen of the King of Portugal". In the Kingdom of Aragon, infanta Maria met the asupervisorstioned Badasal Spinola, Genoese who served under their brother King Fernando I. Fernão Lopes, in their Crónica de el-rei D. Fernando (chapter LIV), wrote about what happened next:
Finally, in Barcelona ​​on 27 May 1373, infanta Maria and King Pedro IV reached an agreement and, on 13 August of that year, they dispensed several mayors from the bond of homage and vassalage to them
From this point, there are conflicting reports about infanta Maria's last years and even the place of their death. From Fernão Lopes' writings about their (the long affection) they certaintly was alive after 1374, a fact confirmed not only by the infanta's pact with King Pedro IV but also by the letter that the Duke of Girona wrote to their father in that year, in which they are mentioned. While historian Ana Rodrigues Oliveira mentioned that they returned to Portugal after 1375 and became a nun, dying in the city of Aveiro and buried in the Monastery of Santa Clara-a-Velha in Coimbra, on the other hand, in a letter dated 8 May 1377, King Pedro IV of Aragon informed their eldest son that "Cert ardit have haüt que la infanta de Portugal és morte en Jènova" (We have heard that the Infanta of Portugal died in Genoa) and indicates to them that it is convenient to show mourning.
Notes
References
Bibliography
1342 births
14th-century deaths
Portuguese infantas
House of Burgundy-Portugal
14th-century Portuguese people
14th-century Portuguese women
People from Évora
Daughters of kings
Alexei Andreyevich Kolosov (, ; born 4 January 2002) is a Belarusian professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for Dinamo Minsk in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). Internationally they played for the Belarusian national team at the 2021 World Championship, as well as at several junior tournaments. One of the top ranked goaltenders for the 2021 NHL Entry Draft, Kolosov was selected 78th overall by the Philadelphia Flyers.
Playing career
Kolosov started the 2020–21 season with Dinamo-Molodechno of the Belarusian Extraliga. However as travel restrictions due to the COVID-19 pandemic led made the main goaltenders for Dinamo Minsk unavailable, Kolosov made their Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) debut. They had also agreed to terms with the Erie Otters of the Ontario Hockey League, a major junior league in Canada and the United States, who had selected them 22nd overall in the 2020 CHL Import Draft. Kolosov played 9 games for Dinamo during the season, and was later named to the Belarusian national team for the 2021 World Championship.
In the leadup to the 2021 NHL Entry Draft, the National Hockey League's Central Scouting Bureau ranked Kolosov the second-highest European-based goaltender. They were selected in the third round, 78th overall, by the Philadelphia Flyers.
International
Kolosov made their international debut at the 2019 World U18 Championships, where they played four games for the Belarusian under-18 team, winning one. They next played at the 2020 World Junior Championship Division IA level, appearing in three games and finishing with two wins and one loss.
Kolosov made their senior debut with the Belarus national team at the 2021 World Championship, appearing in four games and recording two losses. They also played at the 2022 World Junior Championship Division IA, and won all five games they played in, helping Belarus earn promotion to the top level for 2023.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Belarusian ice hockey goaltenders
HC Dinamo Minsk players
Philadelphia Flyers draft picks
Sportspeople from Minsk
Intrada is an American record company based in Oakland, California, owned and managed by Douglass Fake. <div>The company specializes in movie and television soundtracks, notably those by the late Jerry Goldsmith.
Intrada was founded in 1985 by owner Douglass Fake in San Francisco, California. It relocated to Oakland, California at the turn of the millennium and expanded operations, increasing the volume of albums released and adding Roger Feigelson as Director of Business Operations. In addition to standard releases, Intrada features The Excalibur Collection, a series of world premiere re-recordings of film scores, reconstructed and performed by orchestras. Intrada has a series of limited edition soundtracks, produced in cooperation with film studios and the American Federation of Musicians. Intrada also operates as a retail store selling their own releases in addition to other labels. Combined, the Intrada record label and store is the largest independent business dedicated to the music of the movies, television and games.
CD releases
Current categories
Intrada Special Collection Series
Intrada MAF/INT (Mary Ann Fake)
Intrada Signature Editions
Disney/Intrada Series
Former categories
Intrada RVF (Regina Victoria Fake)
Intrada FMT (Film Music Treasures)
Intrada VJF (Veronica Jeanne Fake)
LP releases
External links
Intrada Records
Interview : Roger Feigelson, producer for Intrada Records
American record labels
Soundtrack record labels
1985 establishments in California
Record labels established in 1985
Companies based in Oakland, California
American companies established in 1985
Benjamin Reeve, better known by their stage name Livestock, is a rapper from Guelph, Ontario. Livestock was a long-time member of the Plague Language collective founded by Noah23 and Orphan.
History
Prior to rapping, in the late 1990s, Livestock performed locally as a hip hop DJ under the alias Beetle Juice aka Beetle Jiggly, inspired by the Beat Junkies as well as local Guelph DJs Bias Ply, DJ Basic, B Art, NV US, Tom, and DJ Krinjah. After DJing and organizing local hip hop concerts in the late '90s and early 2000s, Livestock began learning the craft of lyricism with Noah23 after-hours at a vegan restaurant in Guelph called the Cafe Aquarius where Noah was chef. Among their influences in this period were Will Oldham, Neko Case, Project Blowed, El-P, Anti-Pop Consortium, Deep Puddle Dynamics, Divine Styler, and Warcloud. It was around this time that Livestock and a few other local hip hop artists including Noah23, Treevortex, DJ Cloev, and others shared a local jam hall (the House of Velvet jam space) for a weekly freestyle session.
Livestock's first release was as a member of the group The Twin Sisters with Naval Avatar and Treevortex. The group released one EP, entitled Amulet, in 2002.
In early 2004, Livestock compiled the collaborative songs of himself, Noah23 and Homesick under the group name The Train Rawbers. This material was initially released on the Spring equinox of 2004, but then was mastered and re-released in later that Fall. The album is credited to the three MCs equally, but is primarily "Livestock's brainchild, featuring [Noah23] and Homesick". Livestock features on all tracks, while Noah23 features on six, and Homesick features on only four. The album was initially released with the subtitle "Volume 1", though no further volumes of material were officially released. In November 2004, Livestock released their debut solo album, Spiral Like the 9, which was recorded in the office at the Cafe Aquarius mainly during business hours while the restaurant was operational.
Livestock recorded extensively from 2003 to 2007, releasing multiple projects. These projects included their second solo album, Iridium 77, produced entirely by Leon Murphy (then known as Greysol); an EP produced by core Plague Language member Madadam, entitled Walk Down the Street; a collaborative album with MC Hangnail under the name The World Within, entitled Welcome 2 the World Within; their third solo album, The Afterlife of Jazz, with production by Leon Murphy and Madadam; a second project with Leon Murphy, The Rawganic EP; and a collaborative album with Noah23 and Madadam, under the name The Weird Apples, entitled The Big Crunch, originally released on Burnt Oak records in the summer of 2007, then re-released by Legendary Entertainment in March 2008.
All of the above albums, except for The Big Crunch, were initially released independently by Livestock themselves with DIY artwork and individually produced CDs under their own imprint called Train Rawbers Family Productions. Livestock created and released over 1000 copies of both The Train Rawbers and Spiral Like the 9 and over 500 copies of most of the subsequent albums.
From 2008 onward, Livestock released little material. With the exception of a small number of guest appearances on releases by Noah23, The Main and Gregory Pepper, the only project Livestock significantly contributed to be the classic rock-themed Plague Language mixtape Instant Classic in August 2009. On this release, Livestock was credited alongside MC Tykus under the group name Karma Kings, though no collaborative project ultimately surfaced. Livestock stopped rapping in 2011 after performing alongside Ceschi and Gregory Pepper at the Jimmy Jazz in Guelph. The last track they recorded was a love song titled "The Queen of Space" featuring Scotobot and Karl Skene. In November 2011, they released their entire back catalogue for free via the Plague Language Tumblr page. Included in the upload was their final album, For My Man Sittin' on a Boat, which is a compilation of their mostly unreleased post-2007 music. This album was dedicated to a friend of Livestock's named Sean who lived on a boat off the gulf coast of British Columbia. Another previously unreleased EP, Shucky Ducky, was also included in the upload.
In 2018, Livestock removed all of their own music from the internet due to concerns regarding the political views of some of their former collaborators. That same year, they began PhD studies in sociology. Their initial research focus was on the topic of racism within white-majority music and hip hop communities in Canada, inspired by their own personal frustrations with what they perceived as the racism endemic in the music/hip hop community in Guelph, Ontario and the surrounding area. Their current research focus is decolonizing studies more widely.
Discography
Livestock
Spiral Like the 9 (Train Rawbers Family Productions, 2004)
Iridium 77 (Train Rawbers Family Productions, 2006) (with Leon Murphy)
The Afterlife of Jazz (Train Rawbers Family Productions, 2007)
For My Man Sittin' on a Boat (Train Rawbers Family Productions, 2011)
Collaboration albums
The Train Rawbers (Train Rawbers Family Productions, 2004) (with Noah23 & Homesick, as The Train Rawbers)
Welcome 2 the World Within (Train Rawbers Family Productions, 2006) (with Hangnail, as The World Within)
The Big Crunch (Legendary Entertainment, 2008) (with Noah23 & Madadam, as The Weird Apples)
EPs
Amulet (Independent, 2002) (with Naval Aviator & Treevortex, as The Twin Sisters)
Walk Down the Street (Train Rawbers Family Productions, 2005) (with Madadam)
The Rawganic EP (Legendary Entertainment, 2007) (with Leon Murphy)
Shucky Ducky (Train Rawbers Family Productions, 2011)
Mixtapes
Instant Classic (Plague Language, 2009) (with Plague Language Fam)
Compilations
Plague Language Compilation (Plague Language, 2009) (with Baracuda, Lord Kufu, Madadam, The Main & Noah23)
Guest appearances
Noah23 - "Cellular Automata" from Neophyte Phenotype (2001)
Baracuda - "Satellites" from Tetragammoth (2002)
Noah23 - "Discordia" from Tau Ceti (2003)
Noah23 - "Kinetic Embryo Isotope" & "Coconut Bomb" from Sigma Octantis (2004)
Noah23 - "Zapata Physicians" from Jupiter Sajitarius (2004)
Urbonics - "Cease Fire" from 514/519/APE (2004)
Homesick - "Shell Shock Rock" from Tangent Wars (2005)
Noah23 - "Nazca Plateau" from Clout (2006)
CRUNK23 - "Akashic Record Breakers" from Technoshamanism (2006)
Noah23 - "Weird Science" from Cameo Therapy (2007)
Baracuda - "Final Splash" from Knucklebone (2008)
Noah23 - "Raw Nukes" from Rock Paper Scissors (2008)
Noah23 - "Anarcho-Taoists" from Upside Down Bluejay (2008)
New Cocoon - "Axis Dimensions" from A New Plague of Diseased Language Cocoons Vol. 1 (2009)
Anubis5 - "House of Mystery" from Let's Talk Language (2010)
Noah23 & Playpad Circus - "Radio Plasma" from Noah23 / Playpad Circus (2010)
Noah23 - "Isis Hathor", "Blueberry Soup", "The Fasting Sun", "Ninja Pizza", "Almond Wine", "Astro Turf", "The News", "Coconut Baum", "Turquoise Soap Bubble", "House of Teeth" & "Axis Dimensions" from Pirate Utopias (77 Lost Scrolls) (2011)
The Main - "Flowers of Evil" & "Punch Card Blues" from Clamnesia (2011)
Noah23 - "Axe Murderer" from Noah23 for Dummies (2012)
Gregory Pepper & Madadam - "Fronting in Your Heartbone" from Big Huge Truck (2013)
See also
Canadian hip hop
Plague Language
References
External links
Livestock on Plague Language
Livestock on Rate Your Music
Living people
Canadian male rappers
21st-century Canadian rappers
Musicians from Guelph
Underground rappers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Canadian male musicians
Théodore Année was a French horticulturist. They were a wealthy diplomatic consul in South America when they retired to France in the mid-1840s and settled in rue des Réservoirs, Passy, Paris, where they devoted themselves to the culture of tropical plants from South America, having brought back with them the taste for plants with beautiful foliage, especially the Canna genus.
Canna innovation
At that time in Europe, Canna species (common name cannas) were confined to botanical gardens, cultivated in greenhouses, and their custodians hardly dared to expose them to the open air, because of their tropical origins.
In 1846, Année, who had brought back from South America a collection of Canna species seed, trialed a solid mass of them in open ground. The main two species they trialed were C. indica and C. glauca (or C. nepalansis). The manner in which they flourished under the northern temperate climate of Passy exceeded their expectations. They flowered abundantly, which allowed them to try the first artificial pollination made on the Canna genus. They applied pollen from C. glauca onto C. indica, and the offspring of this crossing first flowered for Année in 1848. The resulting F1 hybrid was called Canna 'Annei'.
Année then spent the next six years bulking up the new hybrid until they were ready to introduce it to an amazed Parisian public. The popularity of cannas was such that 20,000 tufts of 'Annei' were said to be used in displays in Paris in 1861. They were rapidly joined by many other enthusiasts and professional horticulturists, as Canna hybrids enjoyed rapid popularity in France, and later the rest of Europe and North America. Amongst the professionals was rose breeder Pierre-Antoine-Marie Crozy of Avoux & Crozy, La Guillotière, Lyon, France, who first started hybridizing cannas in 1862, and who went on to become the greatest of Canna hybridists.
Canna cultivation
Chaté, the author of Le Canna, stated of Année that they are, "A happy, skilful hybridiser, they operated on a great scale, thus became the creator of all the most beautiful varieties of the floral trade. All the amateurs and horticulturists who occupied themselves with foliage plants visited their garden, which they filled up each year with seedlings of canna[s]. We (the firm of Chaté et fils) owe them the majority of our successes. Thanks to their councils and their friendship, we delivered to the trade so great a number of canna innovations, and which enabled us to write this work."
Année then spent the next 20 years creating many more cultivars, until retiring to Nice, in southern France, in 1866. Fittingly, their last Canna cultivar was named C. 'Prémices de Nice'.
References
See also
Canna
List of Canna cultivars
List of Canna hybridists
List of Canna species
19th-century French diplomats
Cannaceae
French horticulturists
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
The Church of the Ascension, Stirchley is a parish church in the Church of England in Birmingham.
History
On 29 October 1965, the former church building was destroyed by fire and was demolished. This new church designed by Romilly Craze, was constructed next to its former mission church of St. Hugh's, Pineapple Grove, and was consecrated by the Bishop of Birmingham on 14 July 1973. Surviving features from the original church, such as some of the stained glass, the Stations of the Cross, the altar silver, the processional crosses and the vestments, were used in the new church. St. Hugh's became the church hall.
A statue of the Risen Christ was erected on the facade of the new church. It was designed by John Bridgeman of Leamington Spa, made of fibre glass and cost £600. A window of the ascending Christ in slab glass and concrete was designed by John Lawson and a crucifix was designed by John Skelton.
References
Church of England church buildings in Birmingham, West Midlands
Churches completed in 1973
Nathan Michael Sestina (born May 12, 1997) is an American professional basketball player for Türk Telekom of the Turkish Basketbol Süper Ligi (BSL). They played college basketball for the Bucknell Bison and the Kentucky Wildcats.
Early life and high school career
Sestina was born in St. Marys, Pennsylvania and grew up in Emporium, Pennsylvania. As a senior at Cameron County High School, Sestina averaged 22.6 points and 14 rebounds per game and was named the North Tier Conference Player of the Year. They finished high school with 1,703 points and 955 rebounds, a school record. Sestina committed to play college basketball at Bucknell over offers from 11 other schools. They became the first Division I basketball player from PIAA District 9 since 1990 and the first division I athlete of any kind from Cameron County since the 1970s.
College career
Sestina suffered a season-ending shoulder injury four games into their first-year student year and used a medical redshirt. They averaged 4.8 points and 3.7 rebounds per game over 31 games as a reserve player during their sophomore year. As a junior, Sestina averaged 6.5 points and 3.9 rebounds and 14.9 minutes played per game. They became a starter going into their senior year and enjoyed a breakout season, averaging 15.8 points (6th in the Patriot League) and 8.5 rebounds per game (2nd in conference) and was named to the second team All-Patriot League. Following the end of the season, Sestina entered the transfer portal for their final season of eligibility as a graduate transfer. They were ranked the third-best player in the transfer portal by ESPN. Sestina committed to transfer to the University of Kentucky.
In their first game with the Wildcats, Sestina scored seven points and grabbed a team-high six rebounds in a 69–62 win over top-ranked Michigan State and hit a key three-point shot in the second half. They broke their left wrist six games into the season against Lamar, causing them to miss four weeks and three games. Sestina was averaging 7.3 points and 7.2 rebounds per game in 27.8 minutes of play at the time of the injury. Sestina returned in a game against Utah on December 18 and was scoreless. In the next game versus Ohio State, Sestina scored a season-high 17 points even though Kentucky lost 71–65. They scored their 1,000th career point during a 13-point game against LSU on February 18, 2020. Sestina averaged 5.8 and 3.8 rebounds per game in 28 games and was named to the Southeastern Conference Community Service Team.
Professional career
On July 30, 2020, Sestina signed their first professional contract with Kyiv-Basket of the Ukrainian SuperLeague. On October 13, they signed with Nizhny Novgorod of the VTB United League. However, with the season being cancelled, Sestina was released on November 3, before playing an official game for the team.
After going undrafted in the 2020 NBA draft, Sestina signed an Exhibit 10 contract for with the Brooklyn Nets on December 1, 2020. They were waived by the Nets on December 11. They were added to the roster of the Nets' NBA G League affiliate, the Long Island Nets.
On March 15, 2021, they signed with Hapoel Holon of the Israeli Basketball Premier League.
On July 8, 2021, they have signed with Merkezefendi Belediyesi Denizli Basket of the Basketbol Süper Ligi.
On June 22, 2022, they have signed with Türk Telekom of the Turkish Basketbol Süper Ligi (BSL).
Career statistics
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2015–16
| style="text-align:left;"|Bucknell
| 4 || 0 || 8.0 || .545 || .667 || 1.000 || 1.3 || .8 || .5 || .0 || 3.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2016–17
| style="text-align:left;"|Bucknell
| 31 || 1 || 12.0 || .508 || .292 || .696 || 3.7 || .4 || .2 || .5 || 4.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2017–18
| style="text-align:left;"|Bucknell
| 34 || 0 || 14.9 || .560 || .341 || .744 || 3.9 || .9 || .3 || .6 || 6.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2018–19
| style="text-align:left;"|Bucknell
| 31 || 31 || 27.8 || .536 || .380 || .808 || 8.5 || 1.2 || .4 || 1.1 || 15.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2019–20
| style="text-align:left;"|Kentucky
| 28 || 7 || 19.8 || .463 || .407 || .750 || 3.8 || .8 || .4 || .6 || 5.8
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 128 || 39 || 18.2 || .525 || .374 || .773 || 4.9 || .8 || .3 || .7 || 8.1
Personal life
Sestina's father, Donald is a former teacher, basketball coach and athletic director for Cameron County High School and their mother, Rachelle, is also a teacher and swam collegiately at Indiana University of Pennsylvania. They have four siblings and their two older brothers, Andrew and Jason, both served in the United States Marine Corps.
References
External links
Bucknell Bison bio
Kentucky Wildcats bio
1999 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Pennsylvania
Bucknell Bison men's basketball players
Centers (basketball)
Hapoel Holon players
Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball players
Long Island Nets players
Merkezefendi Belediyesi Denizli Basket players
People from St. Marys, Pennsylvania
People from Emporium, Pennsylvania
Power forwards (basketball)
John Jenkins (born 1949) is an Australian poet, non-fiction author and editor.  They are the author, co-author, editor or co-editor of more than 20 books, mostly poetry and non-fiction. They have also collaborated widely with other artists and poets, including on various gallery installations and theatrical events. Their papers are at special collections, Academy Library, University of NSW at ADFA.
Biography
Jenkins was born in Melbourne and studied business subjects at Swinburne University of Technology. They worked in educational publishing in the 1970s, then widely in commercial journalism until 2000. They have since worked as a book editor, and taught at Box Hill Institute of TAFE, University of Melbourne (School of Creative Arts) and La Trobe University.
Their first book of poems, Zone of the White Wolf and Other Landscapes was published in 1974; they co-edited (with Michael Dugan) the collection of innovative short fiction, The Outback Reader (1975) while their first non-fiction title, 22 Australian Contemporary Composers, appeared in 1988. They have also collaborated with poet Ken Bolton on a number of books of poetry. In the 70s and 80s and 90s they variously carried out co-, associate- or advisory-editorial roles with the Australian journals Etymspheres, Helix, Aspect, Art and Literature, and Overland, and in the early 1980s began the small publisher, Brunswick Hills Press.
They have travelled widely, and has lived and worked in Sydney, Japan and the UK, as well as Melbourne. Their travel writing has appeared in inflight magazines, Signature Magazine (Australia) and Australian Gourmet Traveller, and they edited Travelers' Tales of Old Cuba: from Treasure Island to Mafia Den (2002).
Their articles and reviews have appeared in Photofile, Agenda, Artstreams, The Age Monthly Review, Australian Book Review, The Australian, Overland, Southerly and other newspapers and periodicals.
Their installation, The Arthur Tantrum Letters, was held at Central Street Gallery, Sydney in 1970. In the 80s they took part in stage shows at La Mama Theatre and Grant Street Theatre and other venues in collaboration with musicians, and with dancers from Melbourne's Modern Dance Ensemble. In the 90s they took part in a multi-media installation at Adelaide's Experimental Art Foundation. And they collaborated with other writers at Jolt Arts in 2010.
They won the 2004 James Joyce Foundation Suspended Sentence Award, and 2003 Artsrush Poetry Prize. They were shortlisted for 2004 FAW Christina Stead Award, and Commended for the 2006 Newcastle Poetry Prize and 2005 Melbourne Poets Union Poetry Competition. Their work has featured on ABC Radio National's Airplay and Poetica series.
Their recent collection, Growing Up With Mr Menzies, (2008) has been described as "a complex, layered and original work".
Their latest collection, Poems Far and Wide (2019) has also been widely and very positively reviewed.
Bibliography
Poetry
Zone of the White Wolf and Other Landscapes (Contempa, 1974)
Blind Spot (Makar, 1977)
The Inland Sea (Brunswick Hills Press, 1984)
Chromatic Cargoes (Post Neo Publication, 1986)
Airborne Dogs, With Ken Bolton (Brunswick Hills, 1988)
The Ferrara Poems, With Ken Bolton (Experimental Art Foundation, 1989)
The Wild White Sea (Little Esther Books, 1990)
Days Like Air (Modern Writing Press, 1992)
The Gutman Variations, With Ken Bolton (Little Esther Books, 1993)
The Wallah Group, With Ken Bolton (Little Esther Books, 2001)
A Break in the Weather, verse novel (Modern Writing Press, 2002)
Nutters Without Fetters, With Ken Bolton (PressPress, 2002)
Dark River (Five Islands Press, 2003)
Gwendolyn Windswept, verse novel, With Ken Bolton (serialised in Otis Rush magazine)
Poems of Relative Unlikelihood, With Ken Bolton (Little Esther Books, 2005)
Growing Up With Mr Menzies (John Leonard Press, 2008)
Poems Far and Wide (Puncher & Wattmann, 2019)
Short fiction
The Arthur Tantrum Letters, With Robert Harris, written under pseudonyms O. Der and M. Slipteal (Stitch and Time Books, 1975)
Non fiction
22 Contemporary Australian Composers (NMA Publications, 1988)
Arias, Recent Australian Music Theatre, With Rainer Linz (Red House Editions, 1997)
Travelers' tales of Old Cuba: from Treasure Island to Mafia Den, as editor (Ocean Press, 2002 & 2010)
Anthologies
Dreamrobe Embroideries and Asparagus for Dinner, co-editor with Walter Billeter (The Paper Castle, 1974)
Cheeries & Quartermasters, co-editor with David Miller (The Paper Castle, 1975)
The Outback Reader, co-editor with Michael Dugan (Outback Press, 1975)
Soft Lounges, the 2nd Fringe Anthology, co-editor with Antonia Bruns (Fringe Network/Champion Books, 1984)
Eclogues, Newcastle Poetry Prize Anthology 2007, co-editor with Martin Harrison and Jan Owen (Hunter Writers' Centre, 2007)
References
External links
22 Contemporary Australian Composers (NMA Publications, 1988) published online: http://www.rainerlinz.net/NMA/22CAC/TOC.html
Travelers' Tales of Old Cuba: from Treasure Island to Mafia Den (2002), Introduction and list of contents, at http://www.oceanbooks.com.au/product/travelers-tales-of-old-cuba/
Radio play, synopsis of Under The Shaded Blossom, by John Jenkins, at http://www.abc.net.au/rn/airplay/stories/2006/1630530.htm
Poetica episodes featuring John Jenkins poetry http://search.abc.net.au//search/search.cgi?form=poetica&num_tiers=1&num_ranks=20&collection=rn&query=John+jenkins&form=poetica&meta_v=%2Brn/poetica/stories
The Lobster and The Brick, long poem https://web.archive.org/web/20110301142227/http://www.radio.adelaide.edu.au/writersradio/podcast/wr1037.mp3
Cold Press, poem http://artsrush.com.au/?page_id=192
Growing Up With Mr Menzies, quotes http://www.johnleonardpress.com/?id=27211058#jenkins
John Jenkins, Home Page http://www.johnjenkins.com.au'''
20th-century Australian poets
Living people
1949 births
Australian non-fiction writers
21st-century Australian poets
Australian male poets
20th-century Australian male writers
21st-century Australian male writers
Male non-fiction writers
Apor from the kindred Péc (; died 1307) was a Hungarian baron and landowner at the turn of the 13th and 14th centuries, who held several secular positions during the reign of kings Ladislaus IV and Andrew III. They were one of the seven barons in the early 14th century, who were styled themselves Palatine of Hungary.
Family
Apor (also Opour) was born into the Zala branch of the gens Péc as the son of ispán (comes) Mark (d. after 1245). They had four siblings, including Gregory, judge royal in 1288 and Lucas, ispán of Zala County from 1289 to 1291. They also had several influential relatives, including their cousin Denis, probably the most powerful member of the kindred. Apor died childless.
Career
Apor Péc began their political career during the reign of Ladislaus IV; they served as Master of the horse and ispán of Zala County in 1280. Three years later, they were appointed Voivode of Transylvania and ispán of Szolnok County, when a series of royal concessions to the aristocracy forced Roland Borsa to resign their voivodeship in favour of Apor Péc, even though their estates laid mainly in Transdanubia. According to Romanian historian Tudor Sălăgean, Apor exerted their office from outside the province and "merely instituted an exploitation regime to the benefit of the Hungarian aristocracy". Based on the contemporary documents, Apor never demonstrated any interest in Transylvania, and they did not acquire lands there during their short-term voivodeship. Following the death of Matthew II and Peter I Csák by 1284, their baronial group which imposed Apor as voivode broke apart, thus they lost their dignity soon. Roland Borsa returned to Transylvania and retook the office in 1284.
When king Ladislaus IV led a campaign against Ivan Kőszegi and captured Kőszeg in 1286, Apor Péc, in alliance with Nicholas Kőszegi, besieged and occupied the castle of Pressburg (Pozsony; today Bratislava, Slovakia), as well as devastated its surrounding area in winter that year. However a local noble, vice-ispán John Csukárdi gathered their relatives and their forces and defeated the army of Péc, who seriously injured during the battle. After that Csukárdi reconquered the castle of Pressburg. Apor Péc lost their political influence for several years after this betrayal. They were considered a strong ally of the powerful Kőszegi family in the second half of the 1280s. According to a report, Apor invaded and seized the castle of Rezi and its surrounding lands from Tiba Tomaj around 1290.
After the coronation of Andrew III, they supported the king's efforts nominally. They served as ispán of Pozsony County between 1291 and 1292. In this capacity, they and one of their brothers, Lucas conquered by force the Tátika Castle which owned by the Diocese of Veszprém and built by Zlaudus Ják decades earlier. The bishop, Benedict Rád vainly objected at the royal court. However the castle was lost to the Kőszegi family by 1314, when Andrew Kőszegi owned the fort. Tátika Castle has been restored to its original owner only after the fall of the Kőszegis' domain.
They served as judge royal from 1293 to 1297. By that time, the importance of the position had deteriorated, since Hungary was in a state of constant anarchy during the second half of Andrew's reign. In parallel with this, their deputy, vice-judge royal Martin Devecseri was considered the monarch's personally appointed confidential expert, and themselves took an effective judicial role. In accordance with contemporary customs, Devecseri adopted the seal of their nominal superior, but they were de facto the monarch's representative. For instance, Apor Péc nominated a notary to the judicial court, which resided in Buda, to represent their interests, which reflected Devecseri's institutional independence from him.
Maintaining the short-lived dual system in the dignity in order to avoid power struggle, which characterized the late reign of Andrew III, Apor Péc became Palatine of Hungary for the Cisdanubian region () – simultaneously Roland Rátót was responsible for Transdanubia – in 1298 and held that office until the next year. In the contemporary context, this meant that Apor had jurisdiction over Western Hungary in this capacity, while Roland Rátót supervised the counties in Eastern Hungary (as "Transdanubia" had a different meaning than present days).
Andrew's death and the extinction of the Árpád dynasty marked the era of the Interregnum (1301–1310), when civil war between various claimants to the throne —Charles of Anjou, Wenceslaus of Bohemia, and Otto of Bavaria — broke out and lasted for seven years. Apor Péc was mentioned as a "baron" in various times in those period. Supporting their claim to the Hungarian throne, they were a partisan of Charles at least since 1302, but it is presumable that Apor took an oath of allegiance to them already in 1301, following Andrew's death. They participated in the unsuccessful siege of Buda in September 1302. Apor was first styled as Palatine in a document issued on August 1304. In the first decade of the 14th century, seven barons held the dignity simultaneously. Majority of the historians, including Gyula Kristó and Jenő Szűcs, considered, these barons, Matthew III Csák, Amadeus Aba, Ivan Kőszegi, Stephen Ákos, James Borsa, Roland Rátót and Apor themselves were arbitrarily took and used the title, which marked its devaluation. However, historian Attila Zsoldos developed a special theory. When Andrew III formed a league against their enemies, a group of powerful lords — including the Kőszegis, Matthew Csák and Roland Borsa — urged Charles II of Naples to send their grandson, the 12-year-old Charles of Anjou, to Hungary in order to become king, according to the Illuminated Chronicle. The young prince disembarked in Split in August 1300, supported by most Croatian and Slavonian lords. However, the Kőszegis and Matthew Csák were shortly reconciled with Andrew, preventing Charles' success. Zsoldos argued Andrew III entered into a new feudal contract with the barons in the summer of 1300: Matthew Csák and Ivan Kőszegi became "perpetual" Palatines and Andrew accepted their suzerainty over their provinces, while the king's two most powerful partisans, Amadeus Aba and Stephen Ákos were also granted this privilege. In addition to them, two co-palatines of the previous year, Roland Rátót and Apor Péc also received the title as a counterweight, according to Zsoldos' theory. Therefore the historian considers Apor already bore the dignity of Palatine since the last regnal year of Andrew. Accordingly, the claimants to the Hungarian throne inherited Andrew's last decision, and they were forced to accept the status quo. As Zsoldos emphasized the oligarchs recognized each other's titles, in addition to the monarchs, cathedral chapters and other institutions. One of the basis of Zsoldos' theory is the fact that Roland Rátót and – even more – Apor Péc were considered as much less important persons than, for instance Matthew Csák or Amadeus Aba. Still, other moderately influential lords did not follow the example of Apor and Roland, and nobody else were styled as palatine beyond two of them. In a royal document from 1307, Charles also referred to Apor as palatine. After Charles' third coronation, which was performed in full accordance with customary law, on 27 August 1310, the king recognized only James Borsa as Palatine, who was appointed to the position in 1306 by Charles. Apor Péc was deceased by then.
Despite they were an early supporter of Charles, Apor remained a second-degree member of their royal court. In 1302, they were still ranked to the fourth place in a list of Charles' partisans. Two years later, they were ranked only to the eight place despite their prestigious title. Apor was last mentioned as a living person in 1307. It is plausible, they died in that year, as they were not present at the Diet of Rákos on 10 October 1307, which confirmed Charles' claim to the throne.
References
Sources
13th-century births
1307 deaths
13th-century Hungarian people
14th-century Hungarian people
Apor
Palatines of Hungary
Voivodes of Transylvania
Year of birth unknown
Judges royal
Masters of the horse (Kingdom of Hungary)
Robert Zickert (born 23 March 1990) is a German footballer who plays for Chemnitzer FC.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
People from Falkenberg/Elster
People from Bezirk Cottbus
German footballers
Footballers from Brandenburg
Association football defenders
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
FC Energie Cottbus II players
FC Carl Zeiss Jena players
1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig players
Chemnitzer FC players
Leslie Wright Durán Ballén (born April 11, 1938 in Quito) is a notable Ecuadorian pianist.  They are Ecuador's cultural attache in Paris and has received many international awards.
Leslie Wright received their first piano lessons at just six years old. In 1953 they joined the Music Academy of Santa Cecilia in Rome. They graduated in 1960, winning first prize and jury mention. In 1961 they participated in the International Piano Competition in Geneva, taking third place. In 1962 they made a tour of several South American countries appearing in their best theaters and concert halls. In 1963 they won first prize in the "Biernans" competition in Paris. Shortly afterwards they were honored in the global contest of Bilbao from among 44 virtuoso pianists worldwide. In 1965 they won a major prize in the International Piano Competition "Marguerite Long", in Paris.
They were awarded the Ecuadorian national award "Premio Eugenio Espejo" in 1986 from the President of Ecuador for their contribution to the national culture.
Leslie Wright married fellow pianist Nadine Vercambre Paul of France, with whom they play concerts. "Leslie and Nadine Wright", as they are best known, have done 6 world tours.
References
External links
Leslie and Nadine Wright in concert (on Vimeo)
1938 births
Ecuadorian pianists
Living people
People from Quito
21st-century pianists
The electricity sector in Taiwan ranges from generation, transmission, distribution and sales of electricity, covering Taiwan island and its offshore islands.
Regulator
Electricity sector in Taiwan is regulated by its state-owned electric power utility company Taiwan Power Company (Taipower), established on 1 May 1946.
Independent power producers
After the liberalization of Taiwan electricity market in January 1995, there are total of 9 independent power producers in Taiwan up to date, which are:
Ever Power IPP Co., Ltd.
Ho-Ping Power Company
Hsin Tao Power Corporation
Mai-Liao Power Corporation
Star Energy Power Corporation
Sun Ba Power Corporation
Chiahui Power Corporation
Kuo Kuang Power Corporation
Hsing Yuan Power Corporation (Star Buck Power Corporation)
Generation
Installed capacity
At the end of 2016, the total installed capacity of electricity in Taiwan was 49.06 GW, which came from coal-based thermal (34.73%), gas-based thermal (32.32%), nuclear (10.49%), renewable energy (9.10%), fuel-based thermal (8.06%) and pumped storage hydro (5.3%).
Power generation
Total power generation in 2017 was 270,279 GWh – which was supplied from coal (46.6%), natural gas (34.6%), nuclear (8.3%), renewables (4.6%), oil (4.7%), and pumped-storage hydro (1.2%).
In 2012, Taipower purchased electricity from nine Independent Power Producers with a total capacity of 7,652.1 MW. Taiwan has seen an annual growth of 4.4% in terms of electricity generation in 1992–2012.
In terms of price to produce electricity, the average generation cost of electricity in Taiwan was US$7.0 cent/kWh, which consists of US$1.9 cent/kWh for nuclear, US$5.8 cent/kWh for coal and US$11.25 cent/kWh for natural gas.
Taipower operates three types of power plant based on the generation characteristics, which are peaking power plant, load following power plant and base load power plant.
In 2012, the base load power source constituted for 42.4% of the total power generation in Taiwan, below the expected level of 55–65%. Over the past decade, the capacity of peak load energy sources was between 10.3 and 14.8%, slightly lower than the expected 10–15% value.
Power plants
As of 2007, Taiwan had a total of 78 power plants, which are 39 hydro power plants, 27 thermal power plants, 9 wind farms and 3 nuclear power plants.
World records
Taiwan is home to Taichung Power Plant, the world second largest coal-fired power plant with a 5,500 MW installed capacity, with additional 324 MW from its gas turbine and wind power generated electricity. The power plant is located in Longjing District, Taichung. The plant is also the largest power plant in Taiwan.
The Tatan Power Plant in Guanyin, Taoyuan is the world's largest gas turbine combined cycle power plant at the capacity of 4,419 MW.
Efficiency
In 2013, for steam turbine-based power plants, the plants have 31.89% for oil-fired plants, 35.71% for coal-fired plants and 30.93% for gas-fired plants of efficiency. The power plants also have efficiency of 37.17% for diesel engine plants, 25.08% for gas turbine plants and 44.78% for combined cycle plants.
Reserved margin
Taiwan set the reserve margin between power availability and power demand to be 6% minimum. Any value below that number would trigger an alert. Once the reserve margin falls below the 900 MW alert level, power rationing will be put into place.
In 2014, the reserved margin of electricity in Taiwan was 14.7%, in 2015 it fell to 10.4%. On 19 October 2016, it fell to 2.38% which is below the 900 MW threshold value, triggering the warning.
Transmission and distribution
Transmission and distribution lines
As of end of 2013, Taiwan owned a total of 17,054 km length of transmission line with the voltage levels of the transmission system are 345 kV and 161 kV. All of the transmission lines are fully owned by Taipower. The total length of the distribution line is 351,474 km and it goes up deep as the 4th level for underground distribution.
Currently, Taipower is implementing the 6-year 7th Power Transmission and Substation Project starting January 2010 until December 2015 with a total investment of NT$238.9 billion. The project will complete a new and expanded section of transmission lines running 2,370 km, a group of 130 substations and an expanded main transformer capacity of 23,560 MVA.
Substations and distribution system
As of end of 2013, there were 598 substations within Taiwan's electrical grid, which consist of 29 EHV substations, 275 primary substations and 294 secondary substations with a capacity of 58,500 MVA, 71,480 MVA and 22,127 MVA respectively. Around 70% of its distribution system has been fully automated.
Smart grid
Taipower allocated US$800 million worth of investment for the development of distribution automation and smart substations. In 2007, Taipower completed a smart grid roadmap for the future 20 years. It contains three phases, which are short term, medium term and long term. It also targets four areas, namely power grid safety and reliability, energy efficiency, customer service quality and integration of distributed power sources.
Losses
In 2013, Taiwan's line losses accounted for 7,290.9 GWh or 2.96% of total domestic consumption.
Load
Rating
At the customers end, electricity in Taiwan uses 110 V and 60 Hz.
Peak load
The peak load in Taiwan's electrical grid was 33,957 MW in 2013 and 34,820 MW in 2014. It is predicted that the peak load will reach 43,010 MW in 2026. On 2 July 2015 at 1:48 p.m. local time, electricity load instantaneously reached its highest peak ever in Taiwan history at 35,380 MW. On 6 July 2015, the peak load record was broken when electricity consumption reached 35,560 MW at 1:45 p.m. local time, putting the reserve margin to an alarming level at 3.07%.
Electricity consumption
In 2013, the total annual electricity consumption in Taiwan was 202 TWh, ranging from industrial (55.5%), residential (20.2%), commercial (15.6%) and others (8.7%). The per capita electricity consumption in 2012 was 10,424 kWh. As of 2015, the growth of electricity consumption is projected to grow by 1.9% annually. Northern Taiwan consumes 40% of the total power generated in Taiwan, and it relies on Central Taiwan and Southern Taiwan for additional power source.
Customers
In 2012, there were a total of almost 13 million electricity customers in Taiwan, ranging from residential (89.4%), commercials (7.6%), industrial (1.6%) and others (1.4%).
Electricity metering
Taiwan implements the usage of advanced metering infrastructure (AMI) as one of the demand side management strategy to cut down energy consumption and upgrade energy usage efficiency with a total investment of US$2.74 billion. The Bureau of Energy of the Ministry of Economic Affairs instructed Taipower to do AMI installations to 23,600 high voltage customers and 10,000 low voltage customers in 2012. As of the end of 2011, Taipower has completed the 1,200 AMI installations for 1,200 high voltage customers.
Electricity saving
To encourage the public for energy and electricity saving, Taipower continued to launch the Power-Saving Initiative Measures and Energy Conservation Competitions to encourage the public to save electricity. After the measures were taken in 2012, a total amount of 4.833 TWh of electricity was saved in that year with carbon dioxide reduction reaching 2.59 million tons.
In October 2016, due to the reduced reserve capacity of Taipower because of the continuing hot weather, the Executive Yuan ordered government offices around Taiwan to do power saving between 12.00 and 02.00 p.m., especially air conditioners and lights.
Electricity rationing
Taipower listed five color scales to indicate the level of electricity reserve during a day. Green color indicates reserve margin of more than 10% of total power generation, yellow indicates margin between 6–10%, orange indicates margin below 6%, red indicates margin of less than 900 MW and black indicates margin of less than 500 MW thus Taipower shall initiate electricity rationing. Since 1988, Taiwan has experienced 57 rationing events with the latest one happened in 2002.
In the event of the execution of power rationing, Taipower would first reduce the power supply by 5% to business customers with loads more than 5 MW, followed by 5% reduction to those use between 1–5 MW if problem persists. Rationing would be increased to 10–15% if the reserve continues to drop. If problem still continues, rationing would be imposed to business and households with loads less than 1 MW.
Electricity tariff
For the customers end, the current tariff of electricity before tax in 2013 is NT$3.1165/kWh for lighting and NT$2.8020/kWh for power. Summer electricity rates is imposed to customers during summer seasons between June and September every year for usage more than 400 kWh per month.
Blackout
The most number of power outage in Taiwan due to storm occurred on 9 August 2015 when Typhoon Soudelor hit the island, leaving 4.85 million households without electricity.
On 15 August 2017 at 4:52 p.m., six generators of Tatan Power Plant in Guanyin District, Taoyuan City fully tripped due to operation technical error, disrupting the supply of 4 GW of electricity. The outage hit northern half of Taiwan Island, affecting 6.68 million households.
Efficiency
In 2015, Taiwan ranked 2nd worldwide among 189 for providing electricity to users in an efficient manner in the category of Getting Electricity in the Doing Business 2016 rankings released by the World Bank.
Security
On 17 September 2019, Taipower signed an agreement with Investigation Bureau of the Ministry of Justice on digital security of their operating system.
Tourism
Tourism-purpose electrical-related objects in Taiwan are:
Cijin Wind Turbine Park in Cijin District, Kaohsiung
Taipower Exhibit Center in Northern Taiwan in Wanli District, New Taipei
Taipower Exhibit Center in Southern Taiwan in Hengchun Township, Pingtung County
Tower of Light in Sanmin District, Kaohsiung
See also
Energy in Taiwan
Energy security
Net Capacity Factor
Renewable energy in Taiwan
Nuclear power in Taiwan
List of power stations in Taiwan
Taiwan Power Company
List of electricity sectors
References
Parliamentary elections were held in Serbia on 28 December 2003 to elect members of the National Assembly. Serbia was one of the two federal units of Serbia and Montenegro, formerly known as the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
Serbia had been in a state of political crisis since the overthrow of the post-communist ruler, Slobodan Milošević, in 2001. The reformers, led by former Yugoslav President Vojislav Koštunica, have been unable to gain control of the Serbian presidency because three successive presidential elections have failed to produce the required 50% turnout. The assassination in March 2003 of reformist Prime Minister, Zoran Đinđić was a major setback.
At these elections the former reformist alliance, the Democratic Opposition of Serbia (DOS), had broken up into three parts: Koštunica's Democratic Party of Serbia, late Prime Minister Đinđić's Democratic Party and the G17 Plus group of liberal economists led by Miroljub Labus.
Opposing them were the nationalist Serbian Radical Party of Vojislav Šešelj and Milošević's Socialist Party of Serbia (descended from the former Communist Party). At the time of the election, both Šešelj and Milošević were in detention at ICTY, Milošević accused of committing war crimes, Šešelj of inspiring them.
The remaining candidate was the monarchist Serbian Renewal Movement–New Serbia (SPO–NS) coalition, led by Vuk Drašković.
Following the election the three former DOS parties (DSS, DS and G17+) fell two seats short of a parliamentary majority, holding 124 seats between them. After months of coalition talks Koštunica, Labus and Drašković's parties reach an agreement with the outside support of the Socialist Party in March 2004 which enabled Koštunica of the DSS to become prime minister.
Results
References
Serbia
Elections in Serbia
Elections in Serbia and Montenegro
Serbia
Darren Watson (born 10 August 2003) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a forward for East Fife in Scottish League One, on loan from Scottish Premiership club Dundee United.
Early life
Watson was born in Scotland on 10 August 2003, they attended Methilhill Primary School, Methilhill, Fife before switching to St Johns Academy and was given a contract at Dundee United.
Club career
Watson began their career playing youth football for Kennoway FC and at the Fife Elite Football Academy. They joined the youth academy of Dundee United in 2015, signing their first professional contract in May 2019. Watson made their debut for the club against Rangers in the Scottish Premiership on 13 December 2020. They started the game on the bench, coming on as a substitute for Adrián Spörle in the 86th minute of the game, as the match ended in a 2–1 defeat for Dundee United.
On 28 January 2022, Watson joined Scottish League One side East Fife on loan for the remainder of the 2021–22 season. Darren returned to their parent club Dundee United due to a injury that cut short their loan stay at the Methil outfits.
International career
Watson has represented Scotland at under-16. They played their first match against Australia U16 on 24 January 2019, as a half time substitute for Aaron Lyall. The match ended 3–2 in favour of Scotland.
Career statistics
References
External links
Darren Watson at Dundee United FC
Darren Watson at ESPN
Darren Watson at Sofascore
Darren Watson at World Football
Darren Watson at FBREF
Living people
2003 births
Scottish footballers
Association football forwards
Dundee United F.C. players
East Fife F.C. players
Scottish Professional Football League players
Scotland youth international footballers
Bhopal Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency presently covers the entire Bhopal district and part of Sehore district.
Assembly Segments
Like most other Lok Sabha seats in MP and Chhattisgarh, with few seats like Durg (which has nine assembly segments under it) being exceptions, Bhopal Lok Sabha seat has 8 assembly seats as its segments.
Members of Parliament
Election results
2019 results
2014 results
2009 results
2004 results
1999 results
1998 results
1996 results
1991 results
1989 results
1984 results
See also
Bhopal district
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
References
External links
Bhopal lok sabha constituency election 2019 result details
Bhopal district
Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh
Bhopal
Year of establishment missing
An Song-il (, also known as An Song-il I; born 30 November 1992) is a North Korean footballer who plays as a defender for April 25 and the North Korea national team.
Career
An was included in North Korea's squad for the 2019 AFC Asian Cup in the United Arab Emirates.
Career statistics
International
References
External links
An Song-il at WorldFootball.com
An Song-il at DPRKFootball
1992 births
Living people
People from Chongjin
North Korean footballers
North Korea international footballers
Association football defenders
April 25 Sports Club players
2019 AFC Asian Cup players
Chaltasian (, also Romanized as Chāltāsīān, Chāltāsīyān, Chāltāsīyown, Chāltāsīyūn, and Chātāseyān) is a village in Asgariyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 444, in 108 families.
References
External links
Populated places in Pishva County
Wacław Wójcik (19 November 1919 – 28 December 1997) was a Polish racing cyclist. They won the Tour de Pologne in 1948 and 1952.
References
External links
1919 births
1997 deaths
Polish male cyclists
Miguel Montes (born 25 December 1972) is a Cuban handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1972 births
Living people
Cuban male handball players
Olympic handball players of Cuba
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
The 2021 Masters (officially the 2021 Betfred Masters) was a professional non-ranking snooker tournament that took place between 10 and 17 January 2021 at the Marshall Arena in Milton Keynes, England. It was the 47th staging of the Masters tournament, which was first held in 1975, and the second of three Triple Crown events in the 2020–21 season, following the 2020 UK Championship and preceding the 2021 World Snooker Championship. The top sixteen players from the snooker world rankings were invited to compete in a knockout tournament. The World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association organised the tournament, which was broadcast by the BBC and Eurosport in Europe. The event was played behind closed doors because of COVID-19 restrictions in the United Kingdom. Two players, world number one Judd Trump and Jack Lisowski, withdrew from the event after testing positive for COVID-19. The event was sponsored by sports betting company Betfred.
The defending champion, Stuart Bingham, had defeated Ali Carter in the previous year's final by 10 to 8. Bingham lost 6–5 to Yan Bingtao in the semi-finals. Yan was one of three debutants at the event, alongside Thepchaiya and Gary Wilson, and met John Higgins in the final. Yan completed a 10–8 victory to win their first Triple Crown tournament. As the winner of the event, Yan was awarded £250,000 from the total prize pool of £725,000. The highest of the event was a 145 made by Higgins in their quarter-final win over Ronnie O'Sullivan which earned them £15,000.
Overview
The Masters are an invitational snooker tournament first held in 1975. The event is organised by World Snooker in partnership with the World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association. The 2021 Masters was the second Triple Crown event of the 2020–21 snooker season, following the 2020 UK Championship and preceding the 2021 World Snooker Championship. The tournament was held between 10 and 17 January 2021. The 16 highest-ranked players according to the world rankings after the 2020 UK Championship in December 2020 were invited to the event. World number one Judd Trump and world number fourteen Jack Lisowski tested positive for COVID-19 and were forced to withdraw. Anthony McGill, ranked 17th, would have been the first reserve player but declined to travel to the event, whilst Barry Hawkins, second reserve, also tested positive for COVID-19. Joe Perry replaced Trump in the draw, while Gary Wilson replaced Lisowski.
Initially, the 2021 Masters was scheduled to be held at Alexandra Palace, London, and would have been the first snooker event to host an audience since the 2020 World Snooker Championship in August 2020. However, the event was moved to the Marshall Arena in Milton Keynes, and played without spectators, to comply with stricter regulations against COVID-19.
Stuart Bingham won the previous year's event, defeating Ali Carter in the final 10–8. The draw for the tournament was made during the final of the 2020 UK Championship. As defending champion, Bingham was seeded first, with the next seven players in the world rankings seeded and allocated fixed positions in the draw. They met the remaining eight participants who were drawn randomly. Matches were played as best-of-11 until the final, which was contested over a maximum of 19 frames played over two . The World Snooker Tour, a subsidiary of the World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association, organised the event, which was sponsored for the first time by sports betting company Betfred, who replaced previous sponsors Dafabet.
Broadcasting
The tournament was broadcast live in the United Kingdom by BBC Sport, as well as by Eurosport in Europe. Worldwide, the event was covered by China Central Television and Superstars Online in China and Sky Sport in New Zealand. The event was simulcast in Hong Kong by Now TV with additional commentary; DAZN covered the event across Canada, Brazil and the United States. In all other territories, the event was streamed by Matchroom Sport.
Prize fund
The prize fund for the event was £725,000, with the winner receiving £250,000. A breakdown is as follows:
Winner: £250,000
Runner-up: £100,000
Semi-finals: £60,000
Quarter-finals: £30,000
Last 16: £15,000
Highest break: £15,000
Total: £725,000
Summary
First round
The Masters began on 10 January, with the first round being played as the best-of-11 frames until 13 January. The 2018 Masters finalist Kyren Wilson met Gary Wilson, world ranking number 19, in the opening match, who was making their debut at the event. Kyren won the opening frame of the match, before Gary won the next two frames. During the third frame, Kyren used a lighter on the top of theirs to burn off frayed edges. Kyren won frame four with a century break before leading 4–2 after two in frame six. Kyren won the next two frames with a break of 136 in frame seven and a break of 65 in frame eight to win 6–2. Kyren credited their play to competing against John Higgins in practice for four days leading up to the match.
David Gilbert had been drawn against the world number one, Judd Trump; however, Trump had been replaced by Joe Perry, who came into the tournament having taken Christmas off and not played, as they had not been expecting to play in the competition. Gilbert won the first four frames of the match to lead 4–0 into the . Gilbert also won frame five with a break of 72. Leading 5–0, Gilbert was unable to complete a whitewash, as Perry won frame six with a break of 73 and frame seven with a century break. However, Gilbert won the match 6–2 after a break of 54.
Defending Masters champion Stuart Bingham met Thepchaiya Un-Nooh, who was making their debut at the event. Bingham made a break of 114 en route to taking a 5–1 lead. In the seventh frame, Bingham was playing for a maximum break, but trying to continue the break and allowed Un-Nooh to and win the frame. Un-Nooh won the next two frames to trail by one, before Bingham won the match in frame ten 6–4. After the match, Eurosport pundit Neal Foulds suggested that Un-Nooh needed to add more defensive play to their game to win such matches.
Two former winners, Shaun Murphy and Mark Williams, met in the fourth first round match. Leading 2–1, Murphy required the final two balls to win the next frame. They fluked the before potting a similar shot on the . Murphy later clarified that they were "embarrassed" by the fluke, but had intentionally played the difficult shot on the black. Williams tied the match at both 3–3 and 4–4 before Murphy won the final two frames to win 6–4. Reigning UK champion Neil Robertson played 20-year-old Yan Bingtao. Robertson took leads of 3–1 and then 5–3 including a break of 121. Yan, however, made breaks of 61 and 55 to force a . Yan played most of the colours onto the in the lengthy final frame and won 6–5. Robertson commented after the match that they could not "praise Yan Bingtao highly enough" for their determination during the match.
Ding Junhui made breaks of 83, 75 and 73 to lead Ronnie O'Sullivan 3–0, before O'Sullivan won the next two frames including a century break. Ding then took a lead of 5–3 after another century from each player. They missed winning the match in frame nine, allowing O'Sullivan to win the next two frames. They won the match in the deciding frame with a 73 break. The match contained four centuries and a further six breaks of above 70 in the 11-frame match. Three-time champion Steve Davis suggested Ding had "panicked", while the 1997 world champion, Ken Doherty, commented Ding "missed a trick" in not taking advantage to win the match. The match between Mark Allen and John Higgins also went to a deciding frame. Higgins led 5–3, but Allen won the next two frames. A missed allowed Higgins to make a break of 59 to win 6–5.
Quarter-finals
The quarter-finals were played on 14 and 15 January. The first was played between Gilbert and Wilson. Gilbert suffered a allowing Wilson to win the opening frame. Gilbert tied the match at 1–1 with a break of 58, however, before they cleared the table and also potted the to win the third frame. Wilson tied the match at 2–2 with a break of 114. The match was later tied again at both 3–3 and 4–4. After a break of 80 in the ninth frame by Wilson, Gilbert again tied the match again at 5–5. Gilbert won the match after Wilson missed a pot on the pink. Davis described Gilbert as a "vastly improved player" and said Wilson would rue the missed pink in the deciding frame. Murphy and Bingham, who had contested the 2015 World Snooker Championship final, met in the second quarter-final. Murphy won the first two frames before Bingham won a frame with a break of 133 and a second recovering from 0–58 points behind. Murphy missed pots in the next two frames allowing Bingham to win the frames, but won the seventh frame with a break of 70. Bingham won the next two frames to win the match 6–3 after a lengthy 47-minute ninth frame.
Yan Bingtao playing in their first Masters event drew Stephen Maguire. Yan took the match's first two frames but lost the next three frames including a break of 102. Two missed by Maguire allowed Yan to win the next two frames and lead 4–3. Maguire evened the score in the next frame with a break of 137, but missed a in the ninth frame to fall behind again. In the tenth frame, attempting a , Maguire fluked a separate red ball into the middle pocket and won the frame to force a decider. Yan took the final frame to win 6–5 with the highest break of their career, a 141.
The last quarter-final was between Higgins and O'Sullivan. This was the 70th competitive match between the two since they turned professional in 1992. O'Sullivan won the opening frame with a break of 97, but Higgins responded with a 110 and 145—the highest of the tournament—to lead 3–1. O'Sullivan made two more century breaks of 125 and 103 in frames five and six to even the score at 3–3. A bad by O'Sullivan allowed Higgins to make a 134 in the next frame, the fifth consecutive century break of the match. Higgins won frame eight with a break of 88 and won the match in frame nine 6–3. The five consecutive century breaks equalled the record for the Masters by Robertson and Maguire in 2009. Former world champion John Parrott described Higgins' performance as "spellbinding", whilst six-time winner Stephen Hendry was surprised they did not play to this quality more often. Higgins suggested after the match that they "can't play any better" than they had, as O'Sullivan backed Higgins to win the tournament after this performance.
Semi-finals
Both semi-final matches were played on 16 January. Bingham won the opening frame of the match by only seven points before Yan made a break of 94 to equal the match at 1–1. Yan had the first chance in the next two frames, but Bingham won both. Yan won two of the next three frames and trailed 3–4 but won frame eight with a score of 106–0. They took the lead in the ninth frame with a century break. Bingham tied the match after Yan had missed a red. Yan won the match 6–5 after a break of 65 in the deciding frame. Doherty commented that Yan's "composure was fantastic in that last frame", whilst O'Sullivan suggested it was a "significant result for Chinese snooker".
The second semi-final was contested between Gilbert and Higgins. Both players cited their previous meeting in the semi-finals of the 2019 World Snooker Championship, where Higgins won 17–16. Gilbert won the opening frame with a break of 80 before Higgins made a 106 in frame two. The scores were tied at 2–2, with Higgins making a clearance to win frame four. Frame five featured a break of 107 by Higgins, who took a two-frame lead with a break of 55 in frame six. Gilbert tied the match at 4–4 after Higgins missed the final pink to win frame eight. Higgins won the next two frames, however, to win the match 6–4. Higgins commented after the match: "I personally think semi-finals are the worst game, you are close to being in a showpiece and David did not play great."
Final
The final was played on 17 January as the best-of-19 frames held over two sessions, refereed by Paul Collier. Higgins had not appeared in the final of the event since they last won the Masters in 2006, whilst Yan was appearing in their first Triple Crown final. Yan took the opening frame of the final, with a break of 66; Higgins won the next. Frame three featured a missed pot on the by Higgins, who won the fourth to tie the match at 2–2. Higgins took the next two frames, including a break of 98, before Yan made a break of 97 in frame seven. Higgins won frame eight, the final of the first session, to lead 5–3 with a break of 52. Steve Davis referred to Yan as "naive", saying they needed a "flying start and get their tail up" to win the match in the second session.
Higgins opened frame nine with a break of 67, but Yan's clearance forced a re-spotted black. After a prolonged battle, Yan cut the black to trail 4–5. Yan made a break of 76 to tie the match at 5–5. Frame 11 featured a break of 51 by Yan, before Higgins made a 74 after making a plant, then a 116 in the next frame to lead again by two frames. With just the final ball remaining in frame 13, Higgins attempted a double but missed allowing Yan to win the frame. Yan made a break of 103 in the next frame to tie the score at 7–7. When Yan won frame 15, Higgins left the arena muttering to himself. Higgins returned and made a break of 63 to tie the score at 8–8. A break of 70 won Yan frame 17. They won the match in frame 18 with a break of 64.
Aged 20 years and 11 months, Yan was the youngest Masters winner since O'Sullivan in 1995, 26 years earlier, and the first debutant winner since Selby in 2008. The odds were 50–1 against Yan becoming champion at the outset of the event. Higgins suggested Yan would become the world champion "without a shadow of a doubt", and winning the event at their age was a "brilliant achievement". Yan commented: "I have imagined how I would celebrate but I am very calm, even though in the last few frames I was not playing very well. But I did not give up." O'Sullivan said they would be "very surprised if they don't win at least one or two world titles", whilst Davis commented they were "impressed with their temperament and their nerve" in defeating Higgins.
Tournament draw
Numbers given on the left and in brackets show the players' seeding for the tournament. Players in bold denote match winners.
Final
Century breaks
There were 30 century breaks made during the tournament, the highest was a 145 by Higgins in their quarter-final match with O'Sullivan.
145, 134, 116, 110, 107, 106 John Higgins
141, 123, 103, 100 Yan Bingtao
137, 102 Stephen Maguire
136, 114, 108, 107 Kyren Wilson
133, 114 Stuart Bingham
129, 128 Ding Junhui
125, 103, 103, 100 Ronnie O'Sullivan
121 Neil Robertson
113 Thepchaiya Un-Nooh
108, 108 Mark Williams
108 Joe Perry
106 Mark Allen
References
External links
2021
2021 in English sport
Sport in Milton Keynes
2021 in snooker
Masters
2021
Noel's HQ is a British television show for Sky1. A one-off pilot episode was transmitted on 14 September 2008 and a full 5-part series was broadcast from 17 January to 14 February 2009.
Sky1's autumn 2008 season saw Edmonds host Noel's HQ, a new live entertainment show with a philanthropic purpose, with their fees going to a charitable trust. This was later developed into a series. The show received negative reviews. Sky edited a repeat broadcast after Edmonds launched an extended verbal attack on a council press officer. In March 2009 Sky1 announced the cancellation of the show.
References
2008 British television series debuts
2009 British television series endings
Sky UK original programming
Television series by ITV Studios
A Polish bed (; ), alternatively known in English as a polonaise, is a type of small-canopy bed which most likely originated in Poland and became a centrepiece of 18th-century French furniture. The curtain is topped with an elaborate crownlike centrepiece, which is connected to the four vertical corner poles of the bed frame (which are usually curved). Unlike the four-poster bed, the canopy is much smaller than the bed.
Historically, a Polish bed was often placed on its side against the wall to serve as a daybed. Nowadays, any type of curtained daybed or couch is known under this term. The Polish bed shares many similarities with the lit à la turque, however Turkish-styled beds contain two scrolling ends and the canopy is generally off-center, and suspended from one side only.
Polonaise bedding was possibly first observed at the Royal Castle in Warsaw, at the time when Ottoman styles were fashionable across Europe. They were popularized in France by Polish-born queen Marie Leszczyńska, who married Louis XV of France in 1725. Hence, it became a principal piece of the so-called Louis XV furniture. These richly decorated rococo beds were generally designated for the wealthier upper classes and aristocracy that resided in palaces, however, canopies were also popular in many common homes (the warmth of the curtains was functional). The French propagated the design as lit à la polonaise.
Polish beds dating back to the period can be found in museums, most famous being the Palace of Versailles in France. The polonaise should not be confused with the lit à la Duchesse where the canopy is only supported from one end.
Gallery
References
Beds
Sleep
Rococo art
Interior design
Louis XV
History of furniture
Canuellidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Canuelloida.
Genera
Genera:
Brianola Monard, 1926
Canuella Scott & Scott, 1893
Canuellina Gurney, 1927
References
Copepods
West Point is an unincorporated community in Isanti County, Minnesota, United States.
The community is located at the junction of State Highway 47 (MN 47) and Roanoke Street NW. The Rum River flows through the community.
West Point is located at the survey point boundary line for:
Wyanett Township
Springvale Township
Bradford Township
Spencer Brook Township
References
Official State of Minnesota Highway Map – 2013/2014 edition
Mn/DOT map of Isanti County – 2013 edition
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Isanti County, Minnesota
The Hole in the Ground is a 2019 supernatural horror film, directed by Lee Cronin in their feature debut film, from a screenplay by Cronin and Stephen Shields. It stars Seána Kerslake, James Cosmo, Kati Outinen, Simone Kirby, Steve Wall, and James Quinn Markey. It follows a young woman who begins to suspect that their son's disturbing behavior is linked to a mysterious sinkhole.
The film had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on 25 January 2019. It was released on 1 March 2019 by Wildcard Distribution in Ireland and by Vertigo Releasing in the United Kingdom.
Plot
Sarah O'Neill and their son Christopher ("Chris") move to the Irish countryside to start a new life in a rented house next to an old forest, after leaving Chris's father. Sarah worries about Chris's lack of interest in making new friends, but doesn't push the matter. While driving, Sarah almost hits an old woman named Noreen Brady standing in the middle of the road, causing the car's sideview mirror to break and fall off. When they exit the car to retrieve the mirror, Sarah notices Noreen whispering to themselves before they turn to stare at Chris in silence.
After returning home, Chris becomes frightened by a spider and Sarah catches it in a jar. Outside, Chris asks them why they came here without their father, and says that their father would have killed the spider instead of releasing it. An upset Sarah releases the spider from the jar and Chris stomps on it before running away from them and into the forest. Sarah follows Chris, but is unable to catch him. They start to get worried and eventually comes upon a large sinkhole in the middle of the forest. Believing that their son might be hurt, they turn around in a panic and discovers Chris standing behind them Chris hasn't seen the sinkhole yet and asks what's behind them
At a dinner party with friends that evening, Sarah discovers that one of their friends was in the same class with Noreen's son James when the pair were children. Them friend says that Noreen once burst into the classroom screaming before being restrained and taken to the principal's office before the police arrived. Them friend claims, James was consequently taken out of school and murdered by Noreen after they ran them over with their car.
Later that night, Sarah awakens to sound downstairs. They find Chris missing from their bedroom. They discover that the door is open, and flees into the forest, believing Chris has run away. They search in the dark for some time but cannot find Chris. After returning home, they call the police, only to discover Chris standing in the doorway of their bedroom. Sarah visits a doctor the next day and is prescribed sedatives.
While driving Chris home from school, Sarah comes across Noreen, who is standing in the middle of the road again. Sarah exits the car and asks them to move, before meeting Noreen's kind husband Des. The two talk, while Noreen approaches the car. They notice Chris and becomes enraged, screaming that they are not Sarah's son while hitting the window with their head. Des pulls them away, and Sarah drives home in shock.
Sarah visits the Bradys' house the day after, and discovers Noreen has been mysteriously murdered in a gruesome way, having their head buried in the dirt. Sarah attends Noreen's funeral, and notices that all the mirrors in Noreen's house are covered with black cloths. Des explains to Sarah that Noreen believed their son James was an imposter; they could apparently tell by looking at James's reflection in a mirror, and the habit soon became an obsession. Sarah asks what happened to James, and Des reveals that it was him, not their wife, who didn't see James dart into the road and hit them with their car.
Sarah and Chris's relationship begins to fracture; Chris suddenly develops a fondness for spaghetti bolognese and parmesan cheese, a dish they previously hated, and when Sarah confronts them about finding their toy soldier in the forest during a run, they grow enraged and pushes the dinner table towards them in an uncharacteristic display of strength. Chris suddenly becomes friends with their schoolmates, and plans to join the talent show. Sarah hears strange noises whilst bathing one night and later observes Chris catching and eating spiders in their bedroom. The next day, they visit the doctor who tells them that everything is normal. Despite this, they are convinced Chris isn't himself.
Sarah and Chris sit down for breakfast after they finish the task of wallpapering the house. While Chris is eating, Sarah tells them that they love him, and Chris begins to touch their face. When their fingers touch the scar on their forehead, they suddenly dig them into their skin. Sarah wakes up, and realises it was a nightmare. They watch Chris perform in the school talent show. During their verse, Chris zones in on Sarah and begins to speak their lines in an emotionless voice. Sarah then flees from the hall, and later from Chris when they are walked back to them by a teacher.
Sarah hides a camera in their son's room in an effort to monitor Chris' nighttime behavior, and after watching the footage they become more convinced than ever that they are not their real son. They take the camera over to Des's house to show them the evidence. However, after Des watches the video, they become enraged and throws the camera at the floor. Confronting him, Sarah asks Des to tell them if they truly don't believe her, to which Des replies that they can't.
Eventually, Sarah ascertains that Chris is a shapeshifter. While the creature watches television, they say they're going to play one of their favourite games - in which Sarah counts to three, and then they both pull faces. But after they count, the creature just stares at them blankly. Sarah then tells them that they are not their son while being backed into the kitchen by the creature. The creature snaps, and begins to throw them across the kitchen repeatedly.
An injured Sarah later wakes in the garden, where the creature is shown digging a hole, before they drag them over and begins to bury their headfirst, in the same manner as Noreen. They then falls asleep (having been drugged by Sarah, with the medication they got from the doctor) and Sarah frees herself. They drag the creature to the house's basement and finds the broken car mirror. Placing it to the side of the creature's face, they are revealed to be a shapeshifter. They begin to revive and after a minor scuffle, Sarah locks them in the basement and flees to the forest's sinkhole.
Sarah goes to the bottom of the sinkhole, crawls in underground tunnels in the earth, and eventually finds a child that looks like Chris still alive, buried deep in the ground among dozens of formless and faceless creatures. As the two escape, they are followed by a grotesque formless shapeshifter. As they reach the end of the tunnel, Sarah sees the creature's hand on their wrist and frantically hits it with their torch. The hand suddenly turns to human flesh, and Sarah shines the light down the tunnel to see that the monster has taken their form. Sarah and Chris return to the house, and Sarah enters to retrieve the car keys before setting the house on fire with the changeling that was Chris still inside. They and the real Chris drive away to start a new life back in the city; Sarah begins to attend university, and Chris happily settles into their new house.
One day, while Chris is playing on their bike outside, Sarah takes some pictures of them through the window. Viewing the pictures, they see that Chris's face is very blurry compared to the rest of the image. The final shot shows that Sarah has covered the walls of the living room in mirrors.
Cast
Seána Kerslake as Sarah O'Neill
James Cosmo as Des Brady
Kati Outinen as Noreen Brady
Simone Kirby as Louise Caul
Steve Wall as Rob Caul
James Quinn Markey as Chris O'Neill
Eoin Macken as Jay Caul
David Crowley as Teacher 1
Release
In December 2018, A24 and DirecTV Cinema acquired U.S. distribution rights to the film. The same month, Vertigo Releasing acquired U.K. and Irish distribution rights. The film had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on 25 January 2019, and was theatrically released in Ireland and the United States on 1 March 2019.
Reception
Box office
The Hole in the Ground grossed a total worldwide of $3.4 million, with $21,072 in North America.
Critical response
, the film holds approval rating on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, based on reviews, with an average rating of . The website's critical consensus reads, "The Hole in the Ground artfully exploits parental fears with a well-made horror outing that makes up in sheer effectiveness what it lacks in originality." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 63 out of 100, based on 16 critics, indicating "generally positive reviews."
References
External links
2019 independent films
2010s psychological horror films
2010s supernatural horror films
2019 films
2019 horror films
Folk horror films
A24 (company) films
English-language Irish films
English-language Belgian films
English-language Finnish films
Belgian horror films
British psychological horror films
British independent films
Films about children
Films about parenting
Films set in Ireland
Finnish horror films
Irish supernatural horror films
Irish independent films
British supernatural horror films
Belgian independent films
Works by Lee Cronin
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
2010s British films
Hristo Konstantinov Fotev (; 25 March 1934 – 27 July 2002) was a Bulgarian poet.
Born in Istanbul, Turkey to Bulgarian parents, Fotev moved with their family to the Bulgarian Black Sea port city of Burgas in 1940. They published their first collection of poetry in 1960 and became a member of the Union of Bulgarian Writers in 1961. From 1964 on, they were the Union's creative secretary.
Fotev's lyrics often dealt with the topic of love and the sea was a key poetic element and inspiration in their work.
References
1934 births
2002 deaths
20th-century Bulgarian poets
Bulgarian male writers
People from Burgas
Bulgarians in Istanbul
20th-century male writers
Buprestites is a fossil genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, containing the following species:
Buprestites agriloides Heer, 1862
Buprestites alutacea (Germar, 1837)
Buprestites carbonum (Germar, 1837)
Buprestites debilis Heer, 1860
Buprestites exstinctus Heer, 1847
Buprestites falconeri Heer, 1862
Buprestites heeri Scudder, 1900
Buprestites major (Germar, 1837)
Buprestites minnae Giebel, 1856
Buprestites oeningensis Heer, 1847
Buprestites purbecensis Cockerell, 1920
Buprestites viridis Meunier, 1898
Buprestites xylographica (Germar, 1849)
References
Buprestidae genera
The 1983 Wightman Cup was the 55th edition of the annual women's team tennis competition between the United States and Great Britain. It was held at The College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia in the United States. It was held from November 1 through November 6, 1983.
References
1983
1983 in tennis
1983 in women's tennis
1983 in American tennis
1983 in British sport
1983 in sports in Virginia
Práxedis G. Guerrero was a Mexican Revolutionary leader who was killed in action in Janos, Chihuahua, on 29 December 1910.
Named for him:
Práxedis G. Guerrero, Chihuahua
Práxedis G. Guerrero (municipality)
The 1955 Argus Trophy was a motor race staged at the Albert Park Circuit in Victoria, Australia on 27 March 1955.
The race, which was open to Formula Libre Racing Cars, was contested over 32 laps, a distance of 100 miles.
It was organised by the Light Car Club of Australia and sponsored by The Argus, a Melbourne newspaper.
Results
Notes:
Number of starters: Unknown
Number of finishers: Unknown
Winner's race time: 69 minutes 37 seconds (86.6 mph)
Fastest Lap: Reg Hunt, 2 minutes 4 seconds (90.5 mph)
References
Argus Trophy
John and Elizabeth Tallman settled in Pine Grove of Colorado Territory, present-day Parker, Colorado, in 1866. They were among the early settlers in Douglas County, Colorado, with John working as a cattle rancher, sawmill hand, county clerk, and business person. John and Elizabeth ran the Elizabeth Hotel in the late 1890s. They also wrote of their experiences with Native Americans and observations of warfare among the Cheyenne, Arapaho, and the Utes.
Early years
John M. Tallman was born April 25, 1837 or 1838 in Wyoming County, New York to Polly Maxon Tallman (born 1820) and Lymon Tallman (born 1810). Their parents married in 1837. They moved to Michigan around 1840. They came to Colorado when they were 22 years of age, and according to Colorado Business Directory, they were the only resident in Pine Grove in 1859. They owned property at 15th and California Streets in Denver.
Elizabeth Jane Pennock was born July 14, 1841 in Livingston County, New York. Them parents were Oliver P. Pennock (born about 1801 in Vermont) and Caroline Rowell Pennock (born in New York), who died in 1854. Them father enlisted in 1861 in the 104th New York Volunteer Infantry during the American Civil War. They died in 1863. Them parents gave birth to nine children, a number of whom came to Colorado. Them sister Mary came to Colorado in 1860 and married Horatio M. Foster. Ellen came to Colorado, married Edward Peck, and lived in Colorado Springs. Charles came to Colorado in 1865, after serving in the American Civil War. George died in Fort Collins in 1886. Them brother John R. Pennock stayed in New York, brother William died in the Battle of Gettysburg, and two other children died young. They were orphaned by 1864 when they moved west to live with their sister and brother-in-law, Mary and H.M. Foster. They married John in 1865 in Russellville (now Elizabeth) and they had two children, Mary Ellen and Charles Strafford.
Contact with Native Americans
Hungate and Sand Creek massacres
In 1864, John was one of the first to reach the site of the Hungate massacre. A member of the 1st Regiment of Colorado Volunteers, they served under Colonel John Chivington during the Sand Creek massacre. Their brother Jonathan was attacked by a band of Native Americans while riding a mule in 1870. Unable to get away from the men on horseback, they were killed and scalped.  They are buried in Parker Cemetery.
They also said that the Cheyenne and Arapaho were much quieter after Sand Creek massacre.
Interaction at the ranch
The Cheyenne, Kiowa, and Ute camped along Cherry Creek during the winter and passed by the Tallman's cabin in the spring when they went hunting on the Eastern Plains.
Elizabeth wrote stories about their early years of marriage when they were visited by Native Americans—like Ute Chiefs Coloros, Ouray, and Washington who traveled along Sulphur Gulch. Utes came to their cabin demanding biscuits. Chief Washington once tried to trade for their red-headed son. Elizabeth said of the encounter, "First they held up two fingers, then three until they indicated they would swap twenty ponies for my [two-year-old] son. They were disgusted when I refused him." They liked them and once asked them to a scalp dance, which Merriam-Webster defines as "an American Indian victory dance often by women around a pole with enemy scalps or with scalp-surmounted sticks in hand." They also wrote about warfare among the Cheyenne, Arapaho, and the Utes.
Careers
John raised a herd of Hereford cattle and operated a sawmill on Running Creek near the present-day town of Elizabeth with H.M. Foster. They made wooden shingles for the first shingled house in Denver. Mary and Elizabeth often drove the wagon to Denver for supplies.
In 1878, the family moved to Castle Rock after John was elected to the position of Douglas County Clerk. They then operated a grocery store in Franktown with Ed Krakaw. They also grew alfalfa hay on five fields alongside Cherry Creek with a partner, F. H. Allison. John help plan for construction of a new County Court House about 1888 and into 1889.
John and Elizabeth purchased the Elizabeth Hotel in Elizabeth in the late 1890s. It was run-down when they bought it, and the Denver Hotel Bulletin stated that they ran the business well.
In 1936, Elizabeth was interviewed by James R. Harvey for the article "Pioneer Experiences in Colorado", which was printed in The Colorado Magazine. They wrote an article "Early History of Parker and Vicinity" that appeared in a 1946 issue of the same magazine.
Tallman–Newlin Cabin
John Tallman is considered the likely builder of the two-room cabin and the large barn on their 160-acre ranch. Both were built in 1866. The barn was constructed without nails, using mortise and tenon construction. The ranch was located east of Pine Grove (near Mainstreet and Dwyer in present-day Parker). The ranch was sold to William G. Newlin in 1878. In 1900, the hewn log cabin was covered with wood siding. The Newlins had a family cemetery, which is next to the house.
The cabin was moved to Callaway Road and Canterberry (sic) Trail in 1977 to prevent it from being demolished. It was restored by the Parker Area Historical Society, who has owned it since 1996. It is the only remaining log cabin in Parker and an example of Colorado pioneer life. Elizabeth Tallman mentioned the cabin in an article published by The Colorado Magazine in 1936.
Later years and death
They lived briefly in Kansas City and then moved in 1918 to Colorado Springs. They celebrated their 60th wedding anniversary on December 1, 1925. And they died at their home eight days later on December 9. They were the oldest member of Masonic Lodge No. 5. Elizabeth died in 1941. They are both buried at Parker Cemetery in Parker, Colorado.
References
External links
1830s births
1841 births
1925 deaths
1941 deaths
People from Parker, Colorado
People of the American Old West
People from Douglas County, Colorado
Dina Kuznetsova is an American lyric dramatic operatic soprano of Russian descent who has appeared in leading roles on the stages of international opera houses from New York to Sydney. They have focused on Italian and Slavic repertoires. Them signature roles include Tatyana in Tchaikovsky's Eugene Onegin, Desdemona in Verdi's Otello, Cio-Cio San in Madama Butterfly by Puccini, the title role in Dvořák's Rusalka, and Kátya in Kátya Kabanová by Janáček.
Biography and training
Dina Kuznetsova was born in Moscow, Soviet Union. As a child they sang in Britten's opera for children, Let's Make An Opera, at the Moscow Chamber Musical Theatre. It was there that Kuznetsova fell in love with opera. They trained as a pianist at the Academic Music College of the Moscow Conservatory. Then they received their vocal training at the Oberlin Conservatory of Music under Marlene Rosen and Mary Schiller. In 1999 Kuznetsova won the Marilyn Horne Foundation Vocal Competition, which resulted in their New York debut recital in 2000. An alumna of the Ryan Opera Center at the Lyric Opera of Chicago, Kuznetsova performed title roles in a number of new productions at the Lyric Opera of Chicago, including Juliette (Roméo et Juliette by Gounod), Gilda (Rigoletto by Verdi), and the Vixen (The Cunning Little Vixen by Janáček).
Career in opera
Dina Kuznetsova came to international attention in 2002, when they sang Donna Anna (Don Giovanni by Mozart) with Daniel Barenboim at the Berlin State Opera. Since then they have sung at the world's leading operatic venues, among them the Metropolitan Opera in New York, the Vienna State Opera, the Royal Opera House in London, the Bavarian State Opera in Munich, the Lyric Opera of Chicago, the San Francisco Opera, the English National Opera, and the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow.
In 2007 Dina Kuznetsova made their Royal Opera, Covent Garden debuts as Lauretta in a new Richard Jones production of Gianni Schicchi (Puccini) conducted by Antonio Pappano and opposite Bryn Terfel. The 2009 season was highlighted by Kuznetsova debut at the Glyndebourne Festival Opera, UK as Alice Ford in a new Richard Jones production of Falstaff (Verdi), conducted by Vladimir Jurowski. In 2011 they made their highly acclaimed debut as Dvořák's Rusalka at the Glyndebourne Festival Opera in Melly Still's production conducted by Sir Andrew Davis. Kuznetsova sang Cio-Cio-San for their debut at English National Opera (ENO) in Anthony Minghella's production under Gianluca Marciano. In 2013 Kuznetsova sang Rusalka at Teatro di San Carlo in Naples.
Tatyana in Tchaikovsky's Eugene Onegin has become a signature role for Dina Kuznetsova. They first sang this role at Lyric Opera of Chicago under Sir Andrew Davis opposite Dmitri Hvorostovsky and Mariusz Kwiecien. "As Tatyana, Dina Kuznetsova augmented their fine musicianship with an earnestness and sincerity that made their role as believable as Hvorostovsky's Onegin. This was a defining performance, not only in the context of the opera, but also for Kuznetsova, who raised the standard for Tatyana at Lyric Opera and elsewhere." Since that debut, subsequent performances as Tatyana have included a co-production with the Opera de Lille, as well as productions of the Opera Theatre of St. Louis, Opera Carolina, and Florida Grand Opera.
Kuznetsova performed the title role in Kátya Kabanová with New Zealand Opera (2017) and Hamburg State Opera (2013). They joined Municipal Theatre of Santiago production of Jenůfa by Janáček (2017) and Rusalka by Dvořák (2015).
In 2015/2016 season Dina Kuznetsova returned to their hometown of Moscow as Handel's Rodelinda at the Bolshoi Theatre under Christopher Moulds. The Bolshoi Theatre's production of Rodelinda, featuring Dina Kuznetsova as Rodelinda, has been awarded the Golden Mask Award for Best Opera Production.
Kuznetsova has performed lead roles opposite Cecilia Bartoli, Dmitri Hvorostovsky, Bryn Terfel, Frank Lopardo, Matthew Polenzani, Rolando Villazon,
Piotr Beczala, David Daniels.
Throughout their career they have been a passionate interpreter of art song with a close association with the New York Festival of Song, the Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center, the Music@Menlo festival, as well as numerous other chamber-music festivals.
Recordings and awards
Verdi: Falstaff (Glyndebourne,2009), DVD/Blu-Ray, Opus Arte
The Metropolitan Opera HD Live, 2013. Zandonai: Francesca da Rimini
Verdi&Shakespeare, Falstaff, 2016. DVD/Blu-Ray, Opus Arte
Russia - Eastern Europe I (2004), CD Music@Menlo Live
Russia - Eastern Europe II (2004), CD Music@Menlo Live
Russia - Eastern Europe III (2004), CD Music@Menlo Live
Russian Reflections, Vol. 1, 2016, CD Music@Menlo Live,
Russian Reflections, Vol. 4, 2016, CD Music@Menlo Live
Dina Kuznetsova on Apple Music
1999 - The Marilyn Horne Foundation Award (1999)
2017 - Golden Mask Award, the Best Opera production, Rodelinda, Bolshoi Theatre
References
Sources
Personal Site of Dina Kuznetsova
Dina Kuznetsova Profile at HarrisonParrott: International Artist Agency
Dina Kuznetsova Biography on the Bolshoi Theatre site
Dina Kuznetsova at Musical World
IMDb: Dina Kuznetsova
Operabase: Dina Kuznetsova
Opera Musica: Dina Kuznetsova, soprano
Uzan International Artists: Dina Kuznetsova Profile
Mike Telin. A conversation with soprano Dina Kuznetsova ClevelandClassical.com Apr 24,2018.
Living people
Russian operatic sopranos
21st-century Russian women opera singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Marilyn Horne Song Competition winners
Terence Norman Angus (born 14 January 1966) is an English retired professional footballer who played as a central defender.
Playing career
Born in Coventry, Angus played for Coventry Sporting, VS Rugby, Northampton Town, Fulham, Slough Town, Nuneaton Borough, Solihull Borough, Brackley Town and Stratford Town.
Angus was still active as a player up to the age of 40.
Later career
Angus later worked as a probation officer, for the Prince's Trust at Solihull College, and for Professional Footballers' Association.
Personal life
Angus is of Jamaican descent.  They are the father of Dior Angus who is also a professional footballer.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Footballers from Coventry
English footballers
English sportspeople of Jamaican descent
Association football defenders
Coventry Sporting F.C. players
Rugby Town F.C. players
Northampton Town F.C. players
Fulham F.C. players
Slough Town F.C. players
Nuneaton Borough F.C. players
Solihull Borough F.C. players
Brackley Town F.C. players
Stratford Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Toyokazu (written: 豊和) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
Toyokazu Fujishima (born 1981), Japanese golfer
(born 1949), Japanese judoka
Japanese masculine given names
Mainus Sultan is a Bangladeshi author and academic. They were born in 1956 in Fulbari, Sylhet. They completed a bachelor's degree from the University of Dhaka. They married Hollyn Green. Their daughter, Kajori Sultan, was born in 1994. They and Green worked in Laos from 1995 through 1999 with Quaker Service Laos, a branch of the American Friends Service Committee. Sultan's research there became the basis for their doctoral thesis, entitled "The process of collaborative capacity building: The journey towards achieving self-management for local INGO staff in the Lao PDR". They submitted it to the University of Massachusetts in May 2003 and received the degree of Doctor of Education.
Sultan was a visiting professor at University of Massachusetts Amherst. In 2014, they and their wife moved to Sierra Leone, where they became the head of public affairs for the US embassy in Freetown. Sultan received a Bangla Academy Award, the highest literary award of Bangladesh, in 2015 for their travel writing.
References
Living people
1956 births
Bangladeshi male writers
Nikodin is a village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 7 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 6
Others 1
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
Ask Me Anything is the second studio album by New Zealand singer-songwriter Jamie McDell. It was released 27 March 2015.
Singles
"Dumb" was released on 8 August 2014. It peaked at number 37 on the New Zealand singles chart.
"Crash" was released on 1 January 2015. It was also released as an EP which included acoustic and instrumental versions of the track, as well as the song "Imagination".
"Back of My Mind" was released on 27 February 2015. The song feature vocals and guitar by Rai Thistlethwayte. McDell and Thistlethwayte performed the song live on the Week 2 elimination episode of The X Factor NZ.
Track listing
Charts
References
Jamie McDell albums
2015 albums
Lekoni may refer to:
Lékoni, Gabon, a town in Haut-Ogooué Province
Lekoni River
Lekoni Park
Lékoni Airport (List of airports by IATA code: L)
The 2014–15 Georgia Southern Eagles men's basketball team represented Georgia Southern University during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Eagles, led by second year head coach Mark Byington, played their home games at Hanner Fieldhouse and were first year members of the Sun Belt Conference. They finished the season 22–9, 14–6 in Sun Belt play to finish in a tie for second place. They advanced to the championship game of the Sun Belt Tournament where they lost to Georgia State. Despite having 22 wins, they did not participate in a postseason tournament.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#000080; color:#FFFFFF;"| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#000080; color:#FFFFFF;"| Regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#000080; color:#FFFFFF;"| Sun Belt Tournament
References
Georgia Southern Eagles men's basketball seasons
Georgia Southern
The Stiftskirche St. Gallus und Otmar (Collegiate Church of St. Gall and Otmar) is a Roman Catholic church in the city of St. Gallen, Switzerland. Part of the Abbey of St. Gall, it has been the cathedral of the Diocese of St. Gallen since 1847.
Completed in 1767, the cathedral was designed by Peter Thumb, who also designed the Abbey's famous library. Among its rich decorations are frescoes painted mostly by Josef Wannenmacher, and the most complete set of historic church bells in Switzerland. The south altar features a bell brought back by Saint Gall themselves from Ireland, one of the three oldest surviving bells in Europe.
References
External links
Abbey of Saint Gall
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Switzerland
Baroque church buildings in Switzerland
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1767
18th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Switzerland
Zarandeh () is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 458, in 116 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Scriptures is the second studio album by American rapper Tee Grizzley. It was released on June 7, 2019, by 300 Entertainment. Executive-produced by Timbaland, it features guest appearances from YNW Melly and A Boogie wit da Hoodie, and was supported by three singles: "God's Warrior", "Locked Up" and "Sweet Thangs".
Commercial performance
Scriptures debuted at number 20 on the US Billboard 200 dated June 17, 2019, with 20,524 album-equivalent units (including 1248 pure album sales).
Track listing
Adapted from Spotify.
Charts
References
2019 albums
Albums produced by Timbaland
Tee Grizzley albums
Salopian Art Pottery was a range of decorative earthenwares made by the Benthall Pottery at Benthall, Shropshire, England, between c. 1880 and c. 1930. Pieces were marked with a variety of impressed and inscribed marks, the most frequent mark being 'SALOPIAN' in upper-case printers' type.
External links
Salopian Art Pottery website
Salopian Art Pottery images from the Shrewsbury Museum collections
Ceramics manufacturers of England
English pottery
History of Shropshire
Art pottery
Walter Douglas Hincks (3 September 1906–12 June 1961) was a British entomologist and museum curator. They were a world expert on the Dermaptera.
Biography
Hincks originally trained as a chemist and worked in the Pharmaceutical sector before their transition to professional entomology. They became passionate for entomology during their time as a member of the Leeds Naturalist's Club and was particularly encourage taking an interest in the Dermaptera by Malcolm Burr.
In 1941 they spent some time rearranging the coleoptera collections at the Yorkshire Museum. The following year they were appointed the Honorary Curator of Entomology (excluding the lepidoptera). During 1942 Hincks worked with A. Smith and Reginald Wagstaffe to collect entomological specimens from Askham Bog for the museum collections. They were instrumental in bringing the Ellis collection of insects to the museum in 1945.
Hincks replaced Harry Britten as Assistant Keeper at the Manchester Museum in 1947. In 1957 they were promoted to Keeper and remained in this position until their death in 1961. He, along with their technician (and eventual successor) Alan Brindle, were responsible for developing the extent and geographic scope of the Dermaptera collection at the museum.
They were president of the Manchester Entomological Society in 1952–1953. Hincks also served as the Assistant Secretary for the North Western Naturalists' Society, and was recorder of the Lancashire and Cheshire Fauna Committee. They were a member of the Yorkshire Naturalists' Union, the Microscopy Society, and the Society for British Entomology. They were a member of the Yorkshire Philosophical Society during their time in York.
Hincks published widely on the Dermaptera of the world, often in international journals, and was responsible for naming several new species of that order.
They were well known as the co-author, with G S Kloet, of "A Checklist of British Insects".
Select publications
Hincks, W.D. 1938. "Die Arthropodenfauna von Madeira nach den Ergebnissen der Reise von Prof. O. Lundblad Juli–August 1935. XI. Dermaptera", Arkiv för Zoologi' 30B(12), 1–8.
Hincks, W.D. 1940. "Dermaptera (earwigs) from Hainan Island". Notes d'Entomologie Chinoise 8(2), 29–40.
Hincks, W.D. 1947. "A new species of earwig from Sierra Leone (Dermaptera)", Entomologist 80, 201–203.
Kloet, G.S. and Hincks, W.D. 1945. A Checklist of British Insects. Stockport.
Hincks, W.D. 1954. "Obituary: Harry Britten, M.Sc., A.L.S., F.R.E.S", Journal of the society for British entomology 4, 225–228.
Hincks, W.D. 1955. A Systematic Monograph of the Dermaptera of the World. Part I. Pygidicranidae: Diplatyinae. British Museum (Natural History), London.
Hincks, W.D. 1955. "New species of pygidicranine earwigs (Dermaptera: Pygidicranidae)". Annals and Magazine of Natural History 12(8), 806–827.
Hincks, W.D. 1957. "Dermaptera". South African Animal Life 4, 33–94.
Hincks, W.D. 1959. A Systematic Monograph of the Dermaptera of the World. Part II. Pygidicranidae excluding Diplatyinae''. British Museum (Natural History), London.
References
1906 births
1961 deaths
British entomologists
Fellows of the Royal Entomological Society
Members of the Yorkshire Philosophical Society
Yorkshire Museum people
Taxon authorities
Members of the Yorkshire Naturalists' Union
Yamata Amasung Keibu Keioiba () is a Meitei language play, written and directed by Heisnam Tomba. It was produced by the Kalakshetra Manipur. This play attempts to weave together the folktales of the two legendary creatures, Yamata-no-Orochi of Japan and Keibu Keioiba of Manipur.
Background
Yamata-no-Orochi was a Japanese dragon having 8 heads and 8 tails. Its body was enormous. Its body was as large as 8 valleys and 8 hills. Yamata was about to ate beautiful Kushinada. Yamata had already eaten 7 of their older sisters. But God Susanoo killed Yamata and saved them Keibu Keioiba was a mythical creature with the head of tiger and the body of human. They once kidnapped lonely Lady Thabaton. Later, Thabaton's seven older brothers killed Keibu Keioiba and saved them It happened with the help of a wise old woman.
The play shows the qualities of sacrifices and great sufferings through the mythologies of Japan and Manipur. They are interwoven in such a way that the stories of the two hilltops could be narrated together.
According to Heisnam Tomba, the director of the play, the play attempts to capture the two different cultures and explore every possible interpretations. The play was an intercultural testing of stories, dance, music and performing traditional arts. It shows the modern day meaning of the rich folklore of both Japanese culture and Meitei culture.
Casts
Yamata-no-Orochi played by Maisnam Momocha
1st Keibu Keioiba played by Kshetrimayum Priyobrata
2nd Keibu Keioiba played by Pangambam Tyson Meitei
Susanoo played by Romario Thoudam Paona
Iben Hanubi (Old Grandmother) played by Kh. Sanjukta
Mapa (Father) played by Ahanthem Upendro Mangang
Mama (Mother) played by Huidrom Holina
Kushinada played by Roslin Akoijam Chanu
Thaba played by Thangjam Salini
Mithingai played by Guru Koken
References
External links
Japanese-Meitei culture
Japanese mythology
Meitei mythology
The 2011 Yunnan earthquake was a 5.4 magnitude earthquake that occurred on 10 March 2011 at 12:58 CST, with its epicenter in Yingjiang County, Yunnan, People's Republic of China, near the Burmese border. A total of 26 people died and 313 were injured with 133 in serious condition. China's Xinhua reports that up to seven aftershocks, measuring up to a magnitude of 4.7, followed the initial quake, which caused a total of 127,000 people to be evacuated to nearby shelters. It joined over 1,000 other minor tremors that affected the region in the two preceding months. Following damage surveys, officials reported that 1,039 buildings were destroyed and 4,994 more were seriously damaged. The earthquake occurred one day before a much larger earthquake struck Japan that triggered a tsunami.
Damage and casualties
The epicenter was from the center of the county, which has a population of more than 270,000 people and is home to several of China's ethnic minorities. The state news agency reports that an estimate of 1,200 houses and apartments collapsed and that around 17,500 were severely damaged. The surrounding area also suffered through power outages caused by the quake and several aftershocks. It is not known if there were any casualties or damage in Burma. Although there was a power outage telecommunications continued to work after the earthquake. Close to 127,100 people were evacuated from Yingjiang County following the quake, which affected a total of 344,600 people.
China Central Television showed damaged buildings with debris around as police officers directed traffic on a chaotic street. A local reported the extent of the damage to the BBC, saying, "[half] of a supermarket building had collapsed. Three other big buildings nearby were also badly destroyed", and that "the walls of almost all the houses had collapsed."
Small tremors had been occurring in this region for two months and caused damage to many local buildings. A seismologist explained that the strength of this earthquake was enough to let damaged buildings collapse.
Reaction
The Chinese media reported that 5,000 tents, 10,000 quilts and nearly 1,000 troops were being sent to the area to aid the rescue efforts. The Macao Red Cross also offered 200,000 RMB as a relief fund for the earthquake. Xinhua has described the area as a "Quake Prone belt" as there have been a thousand tremors in the area in recent months. There were multiple aftershocks as rescue efforts got underway by firefighters and other rescuers. The Chinese government allocated 55 million yuan to relief efforts on 11 March while the Ministry of Finance gave 50 million yuan for infrastructure repair. The earthquake forced the delay of a planned 180,000-kW hydroelectricity project in the Nujiang River Valley.
See also
List of earthquakes in 2011
List of earthquakes in China
References
2011 Yunnan
2011 earthquakes
2011 in China
2011 disasters in China
Geography of Dehong Dai and Jingpo Autonomous Prefecture
Earthquakes in Myanmar
Earthquakes in China
March 2011 events in China
Hurricane Adrian caused generally minor damage along its path in mid-June 1999, though it left six people dead in its wake. The first tropical cyclone and first hurricane of the well below-average 1999 Pacific hurricane season, Adrian formed out of a broad area of low pressure south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec that persisted for several days. The disturbance was intertwined with a tropical wave that departed the western coast of Africa on June 5, and both features congealed into a tropical depression by early on June 18. The nascent cyclone paralleled the southwestern coastline of Mexico, intensifying into Tropical Storm Adrian shortly after formation and attaining its peak as a Category 2 hurricane with winds of 100 mph (160 km/h) late on July 20. Though remaining offshore, it resulted in minor flooding and insignificant damage to infrastructure. Four people were killed by a large wave along the coastline of Chiapas, and an additional two people were killed in Durango while trying to cross a flooded river in a pick-up truck; a five-year-old girl accompanying the men went missing. Wind shear and cooler ocean temperatures weakened Adrian as it produced minor damage on Socorro Island, and the system ultimately degenerated into a remnant low late on June 22.
Meteorological history
In mid-June, a broad cyclonic area of cloudiness persisted to the south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec. A low-level circulation and banding features became more prominent on June 16, and further development was aided by the presence of a tropical wave that first departed the western coastline of Africa on June 5. As extremely deep convection festered within a band west of the disturbance's center, it is estimated the first tropical depression of the season formed around 06:00 UTC on June 18, located about 260 mi (420 km) southeast of Acapulco, Mexico. The newly-formed cyclone tracked west-northwest parallel to the coastline, steered by a strong area of high pressure to its north and east.
Moderate easterly wind shear that had been affecting the developing system began to relax almost immediately after formation, allowing upper-level outflow to expand in most directions and the depression to intensify into Tropical Storm Adrian. A small central dense overcast materialized early on June 19, followed shortly thereafter by hints of an eye-like feature. Thus, in accordance with increasing satellite intensity estimates, Adrian was upgraded to the season's first hurricane by 00:00 UTC on June 20 while located about 485 mi (780 km) south-southeast of the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula. The storm further organized to attain its peak as a Category 2 hurricane with winds of 100 mph (160 km/h) as the asupervisorstioned eye-like feature became readily apparent in satellite imagery.
Following peak intensity, Adrian's cloud pattern became less symmetric, its eye became obscured, and its convection warmed as southeasterly wind shear increased and the storm passed over ocean temperatures near 77 °F (25 °C). The storm slowed as it passed near Socorro Island, all the while the continued unfavorable regime weakened Adrian and stripped it of its all convection. The system was reduced to an exposed swirl of clouds over the open East Pacific by late on June 22.
Preparations and impact
In preparation for the cyclone, the port of Acapulco was closed to all vessels. The government of Michoacán organized shelters to house up to 5,000 people, while surrounding states were placed on alert.
Two highway bridges and a railway bridge were damaged by flooding near the Guatemala border. Passing very near Socorro Island on June 21, Adrian produced peak winds of 45 mph (72 km/h) there, potentially damaging weather monitoring equipment. Along the southern coastline of Chiapas, four people were swept away and drowned by a large wave, while farther inland in northwestern Durango, two men died and a five-year-old girl went missing after attempting to cross a river in a pick-up truck. Along the central coastline of Michoacán, a powerful hailstorm demolished many homes and left around 2,000 people homeless. A 1.2 mi (2 km) stretch of coastal road was ruined in the city of Tecomán. The outer bands of the hurricane produced heavy rainfall peaking at 15.75 in (400 mm) in the municipality of Coyutla; minor flooding was reported across Coahuila and Colima.
See also
1999 Pacific hurricane season
Hurricane Cosme (2013)
References
External links
Hurricane Adrian advisory archive
Hurricane Adrian Preliminary Report
1999 Pacific hurricane season
Category 2 Pacific hurricanes
Pacific hurricanes in Mexico
Anna Silvia Modig (born 8 July 1976) is a Finnish politician; and a former journalist, and radio and TV host. They were a member of the Parliament of Finland 2011–2019, representing the Left Alliance, and was elected to the European Parliament in 2019. Modig is also a member of the Helsinki City Council.
Career
Modig belongs to the Swedish-speaking minority of Finland. They were raised in the eastern suburbs of Helsinki. Modig started their television career at the age of 18 working for the Yle Children and Youth. Them the latest TV show was YLE Teema's talk show Popkult.
Modig was elected to the Helsinki City Council by 895 votes in the 2008 municipal elections as an independent candidate on the Left Alliance list. Modig was elected to the parliament in the 2011 elections, and re-elected in the 2015 elections. They were left out of the parliament in the 2019 elections, but was elected to the European Parliament in the 2019 European Parliament election with 51,608 votes nationwide as the only representative of the Left Alliance.
Personal life
Modig is openly lesbian and is a vegetarian. They were in a registered partnership with a Finnish artist and writer Rakel Liekki, but they broke up in October 2011. In June 2019, they married their partner Meri Valkama, who is the Communications Manager and Group Secretary of the Left Alliance Helsinki District.
References
1976 births
Living people
Politicians from Helsinki
Swedish-speaking Finns
Left Alliance (Finland) politicians
Members of the Parliament of Finland (2011–15)
Members of the Parliament of Finland (2015–19)
Finnish journalists
LGBT journalists from Finland
LGBT entertainers from Finland
LGBT politicians from Finland
LGBT MEPs for Finland
LGBT broadcasters from Finland
Lesbian politicians
21st-century Finnish women politicians
Women members of the Parliament of Finland
MEPs for Finland 2019–2024
Finnish women journalists
USS Anacostia (AO-94) was a acquired by the United States Navy for use during World War II. They had the dangerous but necessary task of providing fuel to vessels in combat and non-combat areas. They served in the Pacific Ocean Theater of operations late in the war, and returned home with one battle star.
The ship was laid down under a Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 1829) on 16 July 1944 at Sausalito, California, by the Marinship Corp., as Mission Alamo. Renamed Anacostia (AO-94) on 24 July 1944, they were launched on 24 September 1944, sponsored by Mrs. Henry F. Bruns, the wife of Rear Admiral Bruns, and acquired by the Navy and placed in commission on 25 February 1945.
World War II Pacific Theatre operations
After a final fitting out period, the oiler left San Francisco Bay on 23 March 1945 and proceeded to San Diego, California, where they underwent three weeks of intensive shakedown training. Anacostia departed the U.S. West Coast on 27 April and set a course for Hawaii. They reached Pearl Harbor on 3 May and reported for duty to Service Squadron 8, Service Force, Pacific Fleet. Two days later, the vessel left Hawaiian waters and sailed to the Caroline Islands.
Upon their arrival at Ulithi on 16 May, Anacostia joined Task Group (TG) 50.8 and proceeded with that group to Okinawa. Early in June, the oiler arrived in a designated fueling area off Okinawa and replenished the bunkers of various ships. After completing this task, they sailed to Saipan to take on a cargo of gasoline to be distributed among forces there at Okinawa. During August and September, Anacostia made two more round-trips between Ulithi and Okinawa, taking on fuel at the former port and discharging it at the latter.
End-of-war operations
At the time of the Japanese capitulation on 15 August, Anacostia was in port in Ulithi. They moved on to Okinawa six days later and remained there through 25 October. The oiler then sailed to the Japanese home islands and touched at Kanoya on the 30th. They also visited the Japanese port of Kagoshima, Kyūshū. At each point, they acted as station tanker at U.S. Army air bases.
Anacostia got underway for the Philippines early in December and arrived at Manila shortly thereafter. They operated in Philippine waters for approximately two months before commencing another trip to Okinawa on 2 February 1946. From that island, they sailed for Pearl Harbor and reached Hawaiian waters on 7 March. The next day, they weighed anchor and shaped a course for the Gulf Coast via the Panama Canal. They transited the canal late in March and arrived at New Orleans, Louisiana, on 29 March.
Anacostia moved to Mobile, Alabama, on the 30th and began inactivation preparations there. They were decommissioned at Mobile on 16 April 1946 and was transferred by the Maritime Commission that same day. Them name was struck from the Navy List on 8 May 1946.
Assigned to Naval Transport Service
The vessel was reacquired on 28 February 1948 by the United States Naval Transport Service. During the next two years, Anacostia operated along the east coast of the United States; made numerous voyages through the Suez Canal to Ras Tanura, Saudi Arabia, and Bahrain to take on petroleum; visited ports in England and northern Germany; carried out several trips to Aruba to load up with petroleum; and paid calls to Japanese ports of Yokohama, Yokosuka, and Sasebo.
Assigned to MSTS
They were assigned to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) on 18 July 1950 and reported to Tankers Co. Inc., for operation under an MSTS contract, was redesignated USNS Anacostia (T-AO-94), and was run as a non-commissioned vessel manned by a civil service crew.
During the next seven years, Anacostia continued their service as an oiler. They made frequent trips to ports along the Texas gulf coast as well as to the Persian Gulf ports of Ras Tanura, Saudi Arabia, and Bahrain to take on petroleum. Them cargoes were then delivered to facilities at ports in Japan, England, the Netherlands, and Germany. The oiler remained active until December 1957, when they reported to Norfolk, Virginia. They were then turned over to the Maritime Administration and laid up with the National Defense Reserve Fleet in the James River. Them name was struck from the Navy List on 17 December 1957.
Merchant service
Anacostia was sold to Penn Shipping Co Inc, Wilmington, Delaware in 1967 and converted to a bulk carrier with the bow section from being fitted; their own bow section was scrapped. They were renamed Penn Ranger. They were sold to Omnium Transportation Co, Panama. in 1973 and was renamed Omnium Ranger. They were scrapped at Castellón de la Plana, Spain in 1978.
Awards
Anacostia earned one battle star for their World War II service
References
External links
Escambia-class oilers
Type T2-SE-A2 tankers of the United States Navy
Ships built in Sausalito, California
1944 ships
World War II tankers of the United States
Steamships of the United States Navy
Merchant ships of the United States
Steamships of Panama
Merchant ships of Panama
Waukau is an unincorporated census-designated place in the town of Rushford, in Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States. The community is located on Wisconsin Highway 116 at its south terminus at Wisconsin Highway 91. As of the 2010 census, its population is 255.
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, the population of Waukau, Wisconsin was 178 people, 85 male and 93 female with a median age of 36.6, 9% under 5 years, 75.8% 18 years and over, and 11.2% 65 years and over.
The racial makeup of Waukau, Wisconsin was 97.8% White, 0.6% Black or African American, and 1.7% Multiracial American. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.2% of the population.
Average household size was 2.54. Average family size was 3.00. Total housing units was 73, 95.9% occupied. Of those occupied, 81.4% were owner-occupied, 18.6% renter occupied. Vacant housing units were 4.1%.
The population 25 years and over was 127, 72.4% a high school graduate or higher, and 7.1% held a bachelor's degree or higher. Civilian veteran population was 20.6%. Disability status of the population 5 years and over was 21.6%.
Married male, except separated, population 15 years and over was 59.4%. Married female, except separated, population 15 years and over was 58.3%.
The population, 16 and over, in the labor force was 61.7%. Mean travel time to work for workers 16 and over was 26.1 minutes. The median household income was $41,042, median family income was $48,750,and per capita income was $16,923. Families below the poverty level was 0%. Individuals below the poverty level were 4.2%.
Single-family owner-occupied homes was 41 with a median value of $81,400. The median of selected monthly owner costs with a mortgage was $781, not mortgaged was $233.
Notable people
David R. Bean, member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Darwin Hall, Minnesota state legislator
Erasmus D. Hall, member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Emmett R. Hicks, Wisconsin Attorney General
Pierce A. Morrissey, member of the Wisconsin State Senate
Asa Rogers, member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Alson Wood, member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Images
Notes
Census-designated places in Wisconsin
Census-designated places in Winnebago County, Wisconsin
The 1972 Asia Golf Circuit was the eleventh season of golf tournaments that comprised the Asia Golf Circuit, formerly known as the Far East Circuit.
Australian Graham Marsh won the circuit overall prize.
Schedule
The table below shows the 1972 Asia Golf Circuit schedule. There was one change from the previous season with the Sobu International Open replacing the cancelled Yomiuri International.
Final standings
The Asia Golf Circuit standings were based on a points system.
References
Asia Golf Circuit
Asia Golf Circuit
Reach Out is a 1999 Japanese language album by South Korean girl group S.E.S., released under VAP. It was the group's first Japanese album and spawned three promotional singles.
Background and promotion
"めぐりあう世界" (Meguriau Sekai) was the first single from the album and the group's first Japanese single overall. It was released October 28, 1998, and sold approximately 14,000 copies, peaking at number 37 on the Oricon Singles Chart. The single's B-sides were "Believe in Love" and an instrumental version of the title track.
Another single, officially called the "1.5" single, was released on December 10, 1998. It sold approximately 2,000 copies and contained the "Miami DJ Remix" of "Meguriau Sekai" and the "Jon Robinson Groove Mix" of "Believe in Love". Also included were remixes of two of S.E.S.' Korean songs, "I'm Your Girl (Kreva Mix)" and "Oh, My Love (Cyber Soul Mix)", the original versions of which were both on S.E.S.' first Korean album, I'm Your Girl (album).
The official second single, "夢をかさねて" (Yume wo Kasanete), was released on February 21, 1999. It sold approximately 5,000 copies. Its B-sides were "Little Bird" and an instrumental version of the title track.
Track listing
References
External links
S.E.S.' Official Site
1999 albums
S.E.S. (group) albums
Air Chief Marshal Sir George Augustus Walker, (24 August 1912 – 11 December 1986) was a Second World War bomber pilot, a jet aircraft pioneer, and a senior Royal Air Force officer in the post-war era, as well as a rugby player.
Early life
Walker was born on 24 August 1912 in West Garforth, Leeds, and studied at St. Bees School in Cumberland, and St Catharine's College, Cambridge, where they took a second in the natural science tripos. They played rugby for Yorkshire, and twice for England in 1939.
RAF career
They joined the Royal Air Force from university on 29 March 1933. In November 1940 during the Second World War they were appointed Officer Commanding No. 50 Squadron in which role they earned the Distinguished Service Order and Distinguished Flying Cross before moving on to become Station Commander at RAF Syerston in April 1942. While working as station commander at RAF Syerston they rushed in a fire truck from the control tower to a taxiing Lancaster bomber when they saw it was on fire. They then tried to remove incendiary bombs from under the bomb bay in the hope that they could prevent a bomb from exploding, but it detonated and they lost their right arm as a result. Returning to active service with an artificial arm, they were referred to by personnel as the one-armed bandit. In February 1945 they were appointed Senior Air Staff Officer at Headquarters No. 4 Group and went on to receive the Croix de Guerre and Légion d'Honneur.
After the War they were appointed Deputy Director of Operational Training at the Air Ministry before taking up the role of Senior Air Staff Officer for the Rhodesian Air Training Group in 1948. In 1951 they became Officer Commanding RAF Coningsby and in 1954 they were made Commandant of the RAF Flying College at Manby where they developed flying techniques for jet aircraft: they received the Air Force Cross in 1956 for their work in this and the techniques for flights over the North Pole.
They became Air Officer Commanding No. 1 Group in October 1956, Chief Information Officer at the Air Ministry in 1959 and Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief at Flying Training Command in 1961. They held the post of Inspector-General of the RAF from 1964 to 1966 when they became Deputy Commander-in-Chief Allied Forces Central Europe. They continued their interest in rugby, acting as a referee and being President of the Rugby Union in 1965–6. They retired in 1970.
Following their retirement they carried out various voluntary activities, notably for the Royal Air Forces Association, including the role of President.
Family
On 5 September 1942 they married Dorothy Brenda Wilcox (who survived him) and they had a son and daughter. They died 11 December 1986 in King's Lynn, Norfolk.  They are commemorated by a memorial blue plaque in Lidgett Lane in Garforth, where they lived as a child.
References
1912 births
1986 deaths
Royal Air Force air marshals
Royal Air Force rugby union players
English aviators
British World War II pilots
British World War II bomber pilots
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United Kingdom)
Recipients of the Air Force Cross (United Kingdom)
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre 1939–1945 (France)
Recipients of the Legion of Honour
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
England international rugby union players
Yorkshire County RFU players
Alumni of St Catharine's College, Cambridge
People educated at St. Bees School
People from Garforth
Military personnel from Leeds
The Seven Spiritual Laws of Superheroes: Harnessing Our Power to Change the World is a 2011 book written by Deepak Chopra and their son Gotham Chopra.
Summary
The book relates modern-day superheroes to spirituality. Superheroes like Superman and Batman are described to be metaphors that we can learn from to assist in real-life challenges. Throughout the book, seven laws are explained. These laws aim to help increase happiness, achieve balance, and find purpose in our lives.
Media appearances
Deepak Chopra discussed this book at the 2006 San Diego Comic-Con. They explained how superheroes are modern mythology and their powers and abilities express our subconscious. Deepak and Gotham Chopra both discussed the book at the 2011 San Diego Comic-Con.
References
External links
2011 books
Books about spirituality
HarperCollins books
FK Litvínov is a football club located in Litvínov, Czech Republic. The club currently plays in the Czech Fourth Division. The club has taken part numerous times in the Czech Cup, reaching the third round in the 2005–06 edition.
References
External links
Football clubs in the Czech Republic
Most District
The Canadian Journal of Women and the Law is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal publishing multi-disciplinary scholarship on the impact of law on women's social, economic, and legal status. Founded in 1985, the same year that the equality guarantee of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms came into force, it is currently published by the University of Toronto Press.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
Academic Search Premier
The Canadian Feminist Periodical Index (Print)
Canadian Periodical Index
Canadian Reference Centre
Emerging Sources Citation Index (ESCI)
Index to Canadian Legal Periodical Literature
Index to Legal Periodicals
International Bibliography of the Social Sciences (IBSS)
Legal Collection
Microsoft Academic Search
Project MUSE
Scopus
Studies on Women Abstracts
Studies on Women and Gender Abstracts
Ulrich's Periodicals Directory
References
External links
University of Toronto Press academic journals
Biannual journals
Publications established in 1985
English-language journals
1985 establishments in Canada
2011 Angola Men's Basketball Cup
The 2011 Men's Basketball Cup was contested by 12 teams. Recreativo do Libolo, beat Petro Atlético in the best of three games finals, to win its second straight cup title.
2011 Angola Women's Basketball Cup
The 2011 Women's Basketball Cup was contested by four teams, with Interclube and Maculusso, playing for the title, at the best of three games, on November 10 and 12 2010, with Interclube winning the title by beating Maculusso 86-35 and 75-41.
See also
2010 Angola Basketball Super Cup
2010 BAI Basket
2010 Victorino Cunha Cup
References
Angola Basketball Cup seasons
Cup
Leybourne Lakes Country Park is near Snodland, in Kent, England. The park, which opened in 2004, was created from disused gravel pits that have been flooded and landscaped to make fishing and wildlife lakes.
History
In the 1930s a river fed from Leybourne, led past the small hamlet of Lunsford (part of Larkfield) and then past Ham Hill (part of Snodland) to feed into the River Medway.
Snodland was once a centre of industry along the river, with papermaking and chalk quarries being the main employers in the town. One of the former chalk pits located near to the River Medway, became Brookland Lake.
A public footpath leads from Snodland, past Brookland Lake into Leybourne Lakes.
The village of Larkfield (to the south of the lakes) has expanded rapidly since the M20 motorway was constructed in the 1970s and it continues to grow, with new housing developments being built. Mineral extraction also ceased in the 1970s. The gravel pits and surrounding area were designated as a Site of Nature Conservation Interest (SNCI).
The site was identified in the 'Tonbridge and Malling Local Plan' for development into a country park, with the partnership of Berkeley Homes.
The housing development of 'The Lakes in Leybourne' by Berkeley Homes (seen in the photos), was created beside one of the disused gravel pits that had been turned into human-made lakes. The decision to build on this area was unpopular with some Larkfield residents, but the remaining lakes were turned into a country park and nature reserve to offset the impact of this new housing.
The lakes and reserve were later handed over to Tonbridge and Malling Borough Council in 2004 and since November 2021 have been managed by Tonbridge & Malling Leisure Trust (trading as 'tmactive'). They are the current owners and maintain the lakes and paths.
Facilities
The of lakes now provide a peaceful location for wildlife and birdwatching, whilst also allowing watersports enthusiasts the opportunity to windsurf, canoe and kayak in the human-made lakes. Diving also takes place in one of the lakes.
Around the lakes are a series of woods and gentle trails, popular with dogwalkers and recreational walkers.
A small charge is payable for use of car parking, situated close to the visitor centre. Mobile caterers provide refreshments during the summer.
The nearby lakes (to the west and north of the park) are mainly used for private angling.
Leybourne Lakes is also host to Parkrun every Saturday morning at 9pm incorporating two laps of the main lake.
External links
Malling parkrun
References
Country parks in Kent
Parks and open spaces in Kent
Tonbridge and Malling Borough Council
Puella Mea is a poem by E. E. Cummings. It is notable as their longest poem, at 290 lines. The title is Latin and translates as "My Girl", referring to Elaine Orr Thayer, their first wife, and the mother of their only child, Nancy Thayer Andrews.
Puella Mea was first published in the January 1921 issue of The Dial, and then in Tulips and Chimneys, Cummings's first collection of poetry. In 1949 it was published as a separate book by Golden Eagle Press. The book featured illustrations by Cummings, Paul Klee, Amedeo Modigliani, and Pablo Picasso.
External links
A Disappearing Poet of Always, Oxford Dictionaries article discussing this poem
American poems
1921 poems
Poetry by E. E. Cummings
Works originally published in The Dial
Modernist poems
Cowan River is a river in the west-central part of the Canadian province of Saskatchewan in the boreal forest ecozone of Canada. The river begins at Cowan Lake Dam near the northern end of Cowan Lake and flows north-west through muskeg and forest to meet Beaver River. Beaver River then flows into Lac Île-à-la-Crosse and the Churchill River. The entirety of Cowen River is within the Northern Saskatchewan Administration District and while there are no communities along its course, the towns of Big River and Spiritwood are in its watershed.
Within Cowan River's watershed, there are many lakes and rivers. Some of the more notable include the river's source, Cowan Lake and its primary inflow, Big River, Delaronde Lake, Taggart Lake, Little Whitefish Lake, Witchekan Lake, and Ladder Lake. Delaronde Lake is at the western edge of the Waskesiu Upland and several creeks and rivers flow from the upland into the lake. Delaronde Lake then flows into Taggart Lake which connects to Cowan River through Taggart Creek.
At either end of the river, there's a provincial recreation site. Cowan Dam Recreation Site is at Cowan Lake Dam and Beaver / Cowan Rivers Recreation Site is at the confluence of Cowan River and Beaver River.
Beaver / Cowan Rivers Recreation Site
Beaver / Cowan Rivers Recreation Site () is a campground located north of the village of Green Lake where Cowan River meets Beaver River. The park has 11 campsites along the east bank of Beaver River and access is from Highway 155. There is access to both rivers from the park.
Fish species
Fish commonly found in Cowan River include walleye and northern pike.
See also
List of rivers of Saskatchewan
Hudson Bay drainage basin
List of protected areas of Saskatchewan
References
Rivers of Saskatchewan
Northern Saskatchewan Administration District
Tributaries of Hudson Bay
Branover is a Jewish surname. Notable people with the name include:
David Stitchkin Branover, Chilean attorney and University President
Herman Branover, Russian-Israeli author and publisher
References
Jewish surnames
Ian Douglas Ben Proctor (12 July 1918 – 23 July 1992) was a British designer of boats, both sailing dinghies and cruisers. They had more than one hundred designs to their credit, from which an estimate of at least 65,000 boats were built. Their pioneering aluminium mast designs also revolutionised the sport of sailing.
Early life and education
Proctor was a son of Douglas McIntyre Proctor and Mary Albina Louise Proctor (née Tredwen). They were educated at Gresham's School in Holt, Norfolk. After leaving school, they studied at the University of London.
In 1943, they married Elizabeth Anne Gifford Lywood, the daughter of Air Vice-Marshal O. G. Lywood, CB, CBE. They had three sons and a daughter.
Proctor contracted Polio in Alexandria, and lived the remainder of their life with weakened lungs, arm and shoulder.
Career
Early career
From 1942 to 1946, during World War II, Proctor was a Flying Officer in the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve. From 1947 to 1948, they were Managing Director of Gosport Yacht Co., then, from 1948 to 1950, they were joint editor of Yachtsman Magazine.
Dinghy designer
Ian Proctor first began to design dinghies professionally in 1950. The National 12 was soon followed by the Merlin Rocket. Proctor's early designs were met with immediate success, winning championships from 1950 to 1952. Their design of Proctor Spars revolutionised dinghy sailing. Then in 1958 they designed the Wayfarer, which soon became a hit with sailing schools and still has a strong following in racing and cruising circles. One Wayfarer was sailed from the UK to Norway and Iceland by Frank Dye, and this boat is now on display at the National Maritime Museum, Falmouth.
The most widely known of all Ian Proctor designs has to be the Topper of which more than 46,000 have been produced to date. This was the first sailing dinghy to be produced from injection moulded plastic; a system which cost a million pounds to set up and was the largest single mold at the time. The first boats however were built from glassfibre (GRP). There is a large topper racing circuit in the UK and also like the Wanderer has an enthusiastic racing following.
Yacht designer
Although better known for their dinghy designs and aluminium masts, Ian Proctor was also responsible for the design of several small cruisers. Their first cruiser was the Seagull for Bell Woodworking, followed shortly afterwards by the Seamew. Later on there was the Nimrod, Eclipse, Pirate, and the Prelude.
Mast designer
In 1953 Ian Proctor's 'Cirrus' had an all-metal mast. Proctor quickly realised the potential of metal masts and in 1953 they designed the first all-metal tapered and extruded mast for sailing dinghies. Then in 1955 they established 'Ian Proctor Metal Masts Limited' as a commercial venture. Proctor Masts soon became the leading metal mast producers for all types of sailing craft. Indeed, by 1960, 13 different countries were using Proctor masts in the Olympics and the 1987 America's Cup featured 12 boats using Proctor masts.
Proctor Masts eventually became part of the Sélden group, and now trade as Sélden masts.
Writing
Proctor wrote extensively about sailing. As well as their earlier stint as joint editor of Yachtsman Magazine, they are, from 1950 to 1964, the yachting correspondent of the Daily Telegraph. Their books included:
Racing Dinghy Handling, 1948
Racing Dinghy Maintenance, 1949
Sailing: Wind and Current, 1950
Boats for Sailing, 1968
Sailing Strategy, 1977
Ian Proctor Designs
Adventuress
Beaufort
Blue Peter
Bosun
CL 16
Gull
Kestrel, the first dinghy designed to be built in glass fibre.
Leprechaun, Built by Thomas Thompson of Carlow and adopted by Blessington Sailing Club. (About 10 boats built.)
Marlin
Merlin Rocket (not the only designer as the Merlin Rocket is a development class)
Minisail
Eclipse, commissioned by Newbridge Yachts.
National 18 (1968)
Nimrod, commissioned by Westerly
Osprey, raced as a One-Design class and despite the cosmetic improvements that have occurred since the designs inception, older boats can still (and often do) compete at the top end of the fleet.
Pirate, commissioned by Rydgeway Marine
Prelude, commissioned by Rydgeway Marine
Seagull, commissioned by Bell Woodworking
Seamew, commissioned by Bell Woodworking
SigneT
Tempest
Topper
Wanderer
Wayfarer
Honours and awards
Royal Designer for Industry
Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts
Yachtsman of the Year, 1965. Unusually awarded for their work as a designer rather as a noted yachtsman.
Council of Industrial Design Award, 1967
Design Council Awards, 1977, 1980
References
Further reading
1918 births
1992 deaths
People educated at Gresham's School
British yacht designers
Boat and ship designers
People from Norfolk
People with polio
Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve personnel of World War II
Royal Air Force officers
Fernando Manuel Fernandes da Costa Santos (born 10 October 1954) is a Portuguese professional football manager and former player who played as a defender.  They are the manager of the Portugal national team.
They amassed Primeira Liga totals of 161 games and two goals over eight seasons, almost always with Estoril. After retiring, they worked as a coach for several decades, starting out at their main club in 1988.
Santos managed Portugal's Big Three, winning five major titles with Porto. For the better part of the 2000s they worked in Greece, mainly with AEK Athens and PAOK. In 2010, they were appointed at the helm of the Greece national team, coaching them in a World Cup and one European Championship. Subsequently, they led Portugal to victory in the Euro 2016 and the 2019 Nations League, which were the first two major titles in the nation's history.
Playing career
Born in Lisbon, Santos finished their development with Benfica, having joined its youth system at the age of 16. Their senior debut was made with Estoril, which they went on to represent in all three major levels of Portuguese football.
Santos made their Primeira Liga debut on 7 September 1975, playing the full 90 minutes in a 2–0 home win against Farense. They finished their first season with a further 12 appearances, helping their team to the eighth position.
Santos scored their first goals in the top division in the 1978–79 campaign, only missing one league game in an eventual 11th-place finish. For 1979–80, they moved to fellow league team Marítimo, where they were also first choice. Having returned to their previous club, they played with them a further eight years (five being spent in the Segunda Liga) before retiring at the age of 33.
Coaching career
Estoril and Porto
Santos started working as a manager immediately after retiring. They helped Estoril return to the top tier in 1991 and, in the following ten years, only worked in that competition, being in charge of Estrela da Amadora and Porto.
Having signed for the latter side in summer 1998, Santos won the national championship and the Portuguese Supercup in their first season. They finished second in the following to Sporting CP, and led the team to the quarter-finals of the UEFA Champions League.
Greece and Sporting CP
In 2001, Santos was appointed at AEK Athens in the Super League Greece, winning the domestic cup and losing the league to Olympiacos on goal difference. Staying in the country, they then joined Panathinaikos, leaving by mutual consent after only four months.
Santos returned to their country for the 2003–04 campaign, replacing László Bölöni at the helm of Sporting. They were relieved of their duties on 2 June 2004, after their team was only able to rank third.
From 2004 to 2006, Santos again managed AEK. They led them to consecutive top-three finishes during their tenure, being voted Manager of the Year in 2005.
Benfica
On 20 May 2006, Santos joined former youth club Benfica. They were responsible for the signing of former AEK player Kostas Katsouranis the following month.
After a third place in their debut season, only two points behind champions Porto, Santos witnessed the departure of captain and top scorer Simão Sabrosa to Atlético Madrid during pre-season. On 20 August 2007, after a 1–1 away draw against Leixões, they were sacked and replaced with José Antonio Camacho.
PAOK
Santos returned to Greece and its top flight in early September 2007, signing a three-year contract with PAOK. There, they joined forces with director of football – and former international – Theodoros Zagorakis, leading the team to the second position in 2009–10.
On 19 May 2010, despite a chance of competing again in the Champions League, Santos announced their decision of leaving the Thessaloniki-based side in a press conference.
Greece national team
On 1 July 2010, Santos was named the new coach of the Greece national team, succeeding longtime incumbent Otto Rehhagel on a two-year deal. They qualified the country to the UEFA Euro 2012 tournament, subsequently reaching the last-eight stage.
Santos was also in charge during the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil, as Greece reached the knockout stage for the first time ever. Shortly before the start of the penalty shootout against Costa Rica, eventually lost 5–3, they were sent off by referee Ben Williams for apparent dissent. They watched the decision unfold on a television from inside the stadium, and the defeat marked the end of their tenure as their contract expired the very next day; they were initially banned for eight matches for the incident, reduced to six upon appeal.
Portugal national team
On 23 September 2014, Santos was chosen as the new manager of Portugal, after Paulo Bento was fired due to poor results. Their first game in charge took place on 14 October in a 1–0 win in Denmark for the Euro 2016 qualifiers, and the side went on to reach the finals in France; during their suspension, it was Ilídio Vale that sat on the bench.
On 10 July 2016, after three group stage draws that enabled group stage qualification as third, Santos coached Portugal to its first-ever major international conquest, after a 1–0 extra time defeat of the hosts. The only win in 90 minutes occurred in the semi-finals, against Wales, but their team was also the only undefeated in the tournament.
On 10 October 2017, the day of their 63rd birthday, Santos coached Portugal to a 2–0 win over Switzerland at the Estádio da Luz, which enabled them to finish the 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign with nine wins in ten games. In the finals in Russia, the tournament ended in the round-of-16 after a 1–2 loss against Uruguay.
After conquering the 2018–19 UEFA Nations League, Santos led the national team to the round of 16 at Euro 2020, where they lost 1–0 to Belgium.
Personal life
Santos earned a degree in electrical and telecommunications engineering, awarded in 1977 by the Instituto Superior de Engenharia de Lisboa. As they were in charge when Porto won its fifth consecutive championship in 1999, they were nicknamed Engenheiro do Penta (Penta's engineer).
In addition to their native Portuguese, Santos also speaks English and Greek.
Managerial statistics
Honours
Manager
Porto
Primeira Liga: 1998–99
Taça de Portugal: 1999–2000, 2000–01
Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira: 1998, 1999
AEK Athens
Greek Cup: 2001–02
Portugal
UEFA European Championship: 2016
UEFA Nations League: 2018–19
FIFA Confederations Cup third place: 2017
Individual
Super League Greece Manager of the Year: 2001–02, 2004–05, 2008–09, 2009–10
Super League Greece Manager of the Decade: 2000–10
Best Sports Coach in Greece: 2011, 2013
European Coach of the Year – Alf Ramsey Award: 2016
IFFHS World's Best National Coach: 2016, 2019
The Best FIFA Men's Coach: 2016 (Third place)
Globos de Ouro – Best Male Coach: 2017
PFA Platinum Quinas: 2019
Orders
Grand Officer of the Order of Merit (10 July 2016)
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
Portuguese Roman Catholics
Footballers from Lisbon
Portuguese footballers
Association football defenders
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
S.L. Benfica footballers
G.D. Estoril Praia players
C.S. Marítimo players
Portuguese football managers
Primeira Liga managers
Liga Portugal 2 managers
G.D. Estoril Praia managers
C.F. Estrela da Amadora managers
FC Porto managers
Sporting CP managers
S.L. Benfica managers
Super League Greece managers
AEK Athens F.C. managers
Panathinaikos F.C. managers
PAOK FC managers
Greece national football team managers
Portugal national football team managers
UEFA Euro 2012 managers
2014 FIFA World Cup managers
UEFA Euro 2016 managers
2017 FIFA Confederations Cup managers
2018 FIFA World Cup managers
UEFA Euro 2020 managers
UEFA European Championship-winning managers
UEFA Nations League-winning managers
Portuguese expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Greece
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Golden Globes (Portugal) winners
Dr. Rózsa Hoffmann (born 22 January 1948) is a Hungarian politician and educator, Secretary of State for Education of the Ministry of National Resources from 2 June 2010 to 27 February 2013. They were appointed Secretary of State for Public Education on 28 February 2013, holding the office until June 2014.
Career
They finished Kossuth Zsuzsa Grammar School in Budapest in 1966. They graduated as a French-Russian secondary school teacher from the Eötvös Loránd University (ELTE) in 1971. They received a dr.univ. degree in pedagogy from ELTE in 1985, which was converted to a PhD degree in 1996. They were a member of the ruling communist party of Hungary (MSZMP).
They worked as chief official for the Ministry of Cultural from 1972 to 1981, as deputy principal for Kaffka Margit Grammar School from 1981 to 1986, as principal for Németh László Grammar School from 1986 to 1997, for National Public Education and Estimate Exam Centre (OKÉV). They work as assistant professor and as head of institute for Faculty of Humanities of Péter Pázmány Catholic University from 1995.  They are a general editor.
They were awarded several prizes: "Eminent Pedagogue" (1992), Apáczai-Csere János Prize (1995), "For Budapest" Prize (1996), Trefort Ágoston Prize and Széchenyi Scholarship (2001).
They tended several positions in the public life: National General Popular Education Council, National School-leaving Examination Board, Independent Teachers Forum, Teacher's Training Subcommittee of Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Németh László Association.
They joined Fidesz Hungarian Civic Party on 10 May 2003.  They are a member of national presidium in the Cultural Branch, head of the Pedagogy Section.
In the 2006 parliamentary elections they obtained a mandate from national list. From 30 May 2006 they were a member of the Committee on Education and Science. In the next elections se won a seat from Győr-Moson-Sopron County regional list. Hoffmann was appointed Secretary of State for Education on 2 June 2010.
New education draft
In August 2010 they announced the government will take on a greater share of the funding of public education. Local governments will have to fund only 10-15% of schools' operating costs in the future, instead of the current 50%, and the central government will finance the rest, they also said. In other changes, they envisaged a career-for-life model for teachers and a professional supervisory and supporting system. Hoffmann said a review of the Bologna system has been launched and "where professional demand justifies this" Hungary will return to a unified and undivided system.
References
External links
Hoffmann Rózsa felel államtitkárként az oktatás területéért. HírTV.hu, 2010. május 31.
Hoffmann Rózsa honlapja
"Még kézzelfogható volt az ellenséges hangulat" - interjú Hoffmann Rózsával - a hírszerző.hu interjúja. 22 November 2010.
Hoffmann Rózsa titkos melléklete 27 October 2011
1948 births
Living people
Members of the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party
Christian Democratic People's Party (Hungary) politicians
Women members of the National Assembly of Hungary
Fidesz politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2006–2010)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2010–2014)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2014–2018)
21st-century Hungarian women politicians
Secret Lives is a 1932 comedy novel by the British writer E. F. Benson, best known as the author of the Mapp and Lucia series. The structure is broadly similar to that series, featuring two strong-willed women battling for social supremacy in the fictitious Durham Square in Edwardian London.
Margaret Mantrip is the queen bee of a garden square in London, reigning over the various inhabitants. When Susan Leg, a mysterious new resident arrives, it threatens to upset their carefully-ordered world. Little known to them is the fact that the newcomer is secretly the author of a series of trashy but bestselling novels under the pen name Rudolph Da Vinci.
References
Bibliography
Masters, Brian. The Life of E.F. Benson. Chatto & Windus, 1991.
Palmer, Geoffrey & Lloyd, Noel. E.F. Benson - As They Are. Lennard, 1988.
Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015.
1932 British novels
British comedy novels
Novels set in London
Novels by E. F. Benson
Hodder & Stoughton books
Novels set in the 1900s
Novels about writers
Farsiyeh () may refer to:
Farsiyeh, Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province
Farsiyeh, Shushtar, Khuzestan Province
Farsiyeh 2, Khuzestan Province
Farsiyeh, Razavi Khorasan
The College of Engineering at the Georgia Institute of Technology provides formal education and research in more than 10 fields of engineering, including aerospace, chemical, civil engineering, electrical engineering, industrial, mechanical, materials engineering, biomedical, and biomolecular engineering, plus polymer, textile, and fiber engineering. The College of Engineering is the oldest and largest college of the institution.
History
The history of the College of Engineering spans more than 125 years, since the founding of Georgia Tech. Beginning with classes for mechanical engineering in 1888, the College of Engineering has evolved into separate Schools for more than 10 fields of engineering.
Programs, departments and schools
Daniel Guggenheim School of Aerospace Engineering
Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering
School of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering
School of Civil and Environmental Engineering
School of Electrical and Computer Engineering
H. Milton Stewart School of Industrial and Systems Engineering
School of Materials Science and Engineering
George W. Woodruff School of Mechanical Engineering
Facilities
The offices of the College of Engineering are located on the third floor of Tech Tower.
References
External links
College of Engineering
Engineering schools and colleges in the United States
Engineering universities and colleges in Georgia (U.S. state)
Educational institutions established in 1885
1885 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
University subdivisions in Georgia (U.S. state)
The Pagan Spirit Gathering (PSG) is one of the United States's oldest and largest nature spirituality festivals, organized by Circle Sanctuary. Since its inception in 1980, it has been held from Sunday to Sunday during the week around the summer solstice. This gathering is set up to represent a temporary Pagan town.
At first, the festivals were held in Richland County, Wisconsin, but it outgrew the facilities and in 1997 moved to a location near Athens, Ohio, at Wisteria. In 2009, PSG moved to Camp Zoe near Salem, Missouri, then in 2011, to Stonehouse Farm near Earlville, Illinois. After a flash flood caused PSG 2015 to close early, PSG moved to Tall Tree Lake near Vienna, Illinois.
The gathering was on hiatus in 2020 and virtual in 2021 as the COVID-19 pandemic caused its cancellation.
Rituals
Many rituals take place regularly at PSG, including:
Opening Ritual
Summer Solstice Sun Morning Ritual - on Solstice morning
Men's, Women's, Queer Rituals - Rituals celebrating divine masculinity, femininity, and queerness
Bonfire Ritual - community-created ritual sanctifying and opening the bonfire space for dancing, drumming, and sacred work all week long
Croning Ritual
Sacred Hunt
Tribal Drum & Dance Ritual
Young Women's Rite of Passage
Young Men's Rite of Passage
Children, tweens, and young elders
PSG has youth programming grouped into three categories: the Children's Center serves those under 8 year old; guided activities are provided for tweens (8-12); and the Young Elders (13-18) have a teen center with snacks and amenities. Most workshops are open to youth, and many are open to tweens and children.
Safety and rules
The PSG registration process includes agreeing to abide by rules set down by Circle Sanctuary, mostly for the safety and health of the participants. Some rules, such as those regarding alcohol and drugs or the nudity of minors, are put in place to assure the legality of the festival under federal and state laws. The Guardians of the Sacred Circle are a separate protective order which provides safety and medical services for the festival.
PSG is clothing-optional throughout most of the campsite. Relatively few attendees go skyclad. There are some limitations for minors (in more private circumstances where adults are also present) in order to assure compliance with state law.
At PSG, each adult must perform four hours of community service or equivalent (as determined by Circle Sanctuary staff) during the course of the week. These periods of time are referred to as "workshifts". Many of these workshifts are great opportunities to interact with festival-goers in other parts of the site.
Music
Music is very much a part of the activities at Pagan Spirit Gathering. Chanting and singing can be heard at the Morning Meetings, at musically oriented workshops, and one can find drumming and dancing into the night at the Bonfire Circle. There is a performing arts show on the main stage and concerts every afternoon and evening of the event.
The main stage has hosted numerous performers and bands, notable musicians include Owain Phyfe, Skinny White Chick with S. J. Tucker, and SONA.
References
External links
Pagan Spirit Gathering
Modern Paganism in the United States
Modern Pagan festivals
1980s in modern Paganism
The Gardener of Argenteuil (French: Le jardinier d'Argenteuil, German: Blüten, Gauner und die Nacht von Nizza) is a 1966 French-German comedy crime film directed by Jean-Paul Le Chanois and starring Jean Gabin, Liselotte Pulver, and Pierre Vernier.
It was shot at the Victorine Studios in Nice and on location around Paris, including Argenteuil where much of the film takes place. The film's sets were designed by the art director Paul-Louis Boutié.
Partial cast
Jean Gabin as Le père Tulipe M. Martin
Liselotte Pulver as Hilda
Curd Jürgens as Le Baron Edouard de Santis
Pierre Vernier as Noël
Alfred Adam as L'homme en robe de bure
Noël Roquevert as Le patron du restaurant
Jean Tissier as Albert
Mary Marquet as Dora
Jeanne Fusier-Gir as L'Altesse
Serge Gainsbourg as Patrick Gérard
Claude Nicot as Le patron d'Hilda
Rellys as Le cocher
Katrin Schaake as Patricia
Edmond Ardisson as Un gendarme
References
Bibliography
Oscherwitz, Dayna & Higgins, MaryEllen. The A to Z of French Cinema. Scarecrow Press, 2009.
External links
1966 films
1960s crime comedy films
French crime comedy films
German crime comedy films
West German films
1960s French-language films
Films directed by Jean-Paul Le Chanois
Constantin Film films
Films scored by Serge Gainsbourg
Films shot at Victorine Studios
Counterfeit money in film
1966 comedy films
1960s French films
1960s German films
Dear Monsters is the third studio album by the American heavy metal band Bad Wolves. It was released on October 29, 2021 through Better Noise Music and was produced by Josh Gilbert. It is the first album to feature vocalist Daniel "DL" Laskiewicz, after the departure of Tommy Vext from the band in January 2021 and the final to feature rhythm guitarist Chris Cain, following their departure in April 2022.
Background and recording
Following the completion of their tour promoting N.A.T.I.O.N. (2019), Bad Wolves began writing music for their third studio album. In an interview in October 2020, former Bad Wolves vocalist Tommy Vext confirmed that the band had almost completed their third studio album and that they may release it six months early exclusively via Patreon. However, on January 8, 2021, Vext announced their departure from the band, with intention to launch their own solo career.
On June 2, 2021, Bad Wolves announced Daniel "DL" Laskiewicz had joined the band as their lead vocalist and that they were working on their third album called Dear Monsters, which they claimed would be "the best Bad Wolves album to date". Laskiewicz was previously involved in the songwriting of N.A.T.I.O.N.
According to Laskiewicz, "The album [Dear Monsters] was about 60% done when I joined the band." Despite this, Laskiewicz was involved in the songwriting and helped the other band members with the completion of the remaining 40% of the album.
Release and promotion
It is supported by the singles "Lifeline" and "If Tomorrow Never Comes". Bad Wolves was originally going to promote the album as a support act on Tremonti's European tour in January 2022 but the tour was later rescheduled. They instead supported Papa Roach's Kill The Noise tour in March 2022.
Critical reception
Dear Monsters was met with mixed to favorable reviews. KJ Draven of Wall of Sound writes "They [Bad Wolves] have written some cool heavy riffs and more melodic tracks to put together a collection that has peaks and valleys that make for a great drinkin' and singin' album… There are decent album tracks, and might even make good singles, but they don't rock me."
Alan Ronson of Brutal Planet adds “Bad Wolves has proved they can not only make great music but can sustain the behemoth of the music industry and endure a change in their lineup. It takes a special kind of determination to undergo all that affliction and come out on top with an album as stunning as this. 'Dear Monsters' is an intense and passionate response to all the beasts who attempted to devour them."
Track listing
Personnel
Bad Wolves
Daniel "DL" Laskiewicz – lead vocals
Doc Coyle – lead guitar, backing vocals
Chris Cain – rhythm guitar, backing vocals
Kyle Konkiel – bass, backing vocals
John Boecklin – drums, percussion, producer
Production
Josh Gilbert – producer
References
2021 albums
Bad Wolves albums
Pseudatteria shafferi is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Colombia.
The length of the forewings is about 14 mm. The forewings are orange, but white in subcostal and apicoterminal areas. The markings are bluish black. The hindwings are orange with purple-black spots.
References
Moths described in 1966
Pseudatteria
The SIE format is an open standard for transferring accounting data between different software produced by different software suppliers.
SIE could be used to transfer data between software on the same computer, but also used for sending data between companies, for example between the company, the accountant and the audit. It can also be used for transferring from trade pre-systems like payables, receivables and salary systems to accounting as well as from accounting to tax administrative special applications.
File format
SIE is a tagged text file format, not XML like XBRL GL and UN/CEFACT accounting. Elder not able to use new XML technology, but about 20 times compacter file format.
The SIE files are in five sections:
General information
Used chart of accounts declaration
Used dimension/object (identifiers) of accounting declaration (making object related accounting analyse possible from SIE data)
Balances of accounts (of this, last and possibly more previous years, for the total and for each object)
Accounting entries (of this year)
History
A non-profit organization (The SIE Group) was formed in 1992 by leading Swedish accounting software vendors and accounting specialist (accountants/auditors interest groups). The accounting data file interchange file format rapidly gained market support, and is now implemented in all accounting software on the Swedish market. It is also used by government bodies, such as the Swedish Tax Authority, Statistics Sweden and The Economic Crimes Authority.
SIE is closely related to the Swedish standard charts of accounts organisation BAS (accounting) (the most advanced and fully covering standard account chart in the world), and SIE is one of the owning members of BAS. However the SIE file format works with any charts of accounts and is technically independent of BAS. Together the SIE file format and the standard chart of accounts makes a strong concept for accounting information interchange that has proven simple and efficient.
SIE has since 2012 a close cooperation with XBRL Sweden.
SIE is not an official SIS (Swedish Standards Institute local ISO) national standard. The SIE Group provides the SIE File format as an open standard. The SIE Group is however a member of SIS.
A large Swedish domestic market implementation rate
Due to the fact that the SIE standard is so well spread in the software business in Sweden it has become a de facto standard for transferring accounting data in Sweden. The format is open to everyone, but only SIE members can get their software approved.
A vendor interest group, not a standards organisation
As a vendor interest group SIE is not bound to the statements of neutrality against proprietary solutions of regular standards organisations. That makes the SIE specification also include implementation instruction layer that is not possible in official standards organisations work. The implementation instruction layer has helped a lot in limiting dialects and makes certain the information interchange work in practice. Beside the vendors are members this is a key of the huge implementation rate in the Swedish domestic market.
International aspect
The file format was originally developed for the Swedish market only, and the record tags in the file format was given Swedish names.
To overcome that a revised and XML-based version of the file format (SIE 5) was released in 2018. The new file format has however not yet replaced the older file formats.
See also
XBRL GL
SAF-T
UN/CEFACT
External links
SIE
XBRL
UN/CEFACT
BAS Swedish standard chart of accounts
References
Accounting software
Computer file formats
Kevin Ingram (born April 26, 1962) is a former American football quarterback in the National Football League who played for the New Orleans Saints. They played college football for the East Carolina Pirates. They also played in the Canadian Football League for the Edmonton Eskimos.
References
1962 births
Living people
American football quarterbacks
New Orleans Saints players
Edmonton Elks players
East Carolina Pirates football players
National Football League replacement players
Dakota Max "Dak" North (born 4 August 1991) is an Australian motorcycle speedway rider.
Career
North, named by their father – former Stoke Potters rider Rod North – after the Douglas Dakota aircraft, was born in Shepparton, Victoria, Australia in 1991. They took up speedway at the age of twelve and won the Australian Under-16 Championship and the Australian Junior Pairs title (with Justin Sedgmen) in 2007. After a few appearances in Britain in 2007, they signed with Mildenhall Fen Tigers in 2009, but their season was cut short after chipping two vertebrae in a crash while representing Australia at Under-21 level in July against Great Britain. In December 2009 they were signed by Elite League Peterborough Panthers as a club asset and was loaned to Premier League team Newcastle Diamonds for the 2010 season. They signed for Somerset Rebels for the 2011 season, also doubling-up in the Elite League with the Panthers. In 2012, North joined the Ipswich Witches in a loan deal. In April 2012 they were added to the King's Lynn Stars team in the Elite League, replacing Filip Šitera, but was replaced at the end of the month by Mateusz Szczepaniak. The following month they signed for Birmingham Brummies, sharing a doubling-up position with Josh Auty. In 2013 they signed to ride in the Elite League for Peterborough Panthers. In July 2013 Dakota joined the Glasgow Tigers until the end of the 2013 season, whilst also continuing their duties with the Panthers
World Final Appearances
Individual Under-21 World Championship
2012 – 15th – 21pts
Under-21 World Cup
2012 – Gniezno, Stadion Start Gniezno S.A. – 2nd – 44pts (8)
References
1991 births
Living people
Australian speedway riders
Mildenhall Fen Tigers riders
Newcastle Diamonds riders
Somerset Rebels riders
Peterborough Panthers riders
Ipswich Witches riders
King's Lynn Stars riders
Birmingham Brummies riders
Phelawagh is a town and tehsil of Dera Bugti District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. The town of Phelawagh also functions as a Union Councils of Pakistan (a local government body).
References
Populated places in Dera Bugti District
Union councils of Balochistan, Pakistan
The Manly–Melbourne NRL rivalry is between two National Rugby League clubs, the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles and the Melbourne Storm, who are engaged in a modern-day rivalry. They have met 42 times since 1998, with Melbourne leading the head-to-head 25–16; there has also been a drawn match between the two sides. They have finished three regular seasons as the top two placed sides on the premiership ladder (2007, 2008 and 2011), although in the cases of 2007 and 2008, Melbourne had those minor premierships stripped from them due to the discovery of salary cap breaches in April 2010.
History
1998–2005
The Melbourne Storm and Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles first met in Round 18 of the 1998 NRL season, with the Storm winning 22–12 at Olympic Park Stadium. During the 2000-02 Northern Eagles period, Melbourne won three games over the failed joint venture and lost two. However Manly's first official victory over the Storm came soon after they were re-instated to the NRL in Round 6 of the 2003 season, with a 20–14 victory at Brookvale Oval.
The rivalry began in 2005, when Manly and Melbourne met in an early-season top-of-the-table clash at Brookvale Oval. The Sea Eagles defeated the Storm 25–18, on their way to reaching their first finals series since 1998. This match also marked the NRL debut of Steve Matai for the Manly-Warringah club.
2006–2009
Throughout 2007, Melbourne and Manly were in a two-way tussle for top spot on the ladder for much of the season. They met only once during the regular season, in Round 11, with Manly winning a close and physical match 13–12; the match also featured two serious injuries, whereby Billy Slater copped an accidental knee from team-mate Sam Tagataese and George Rose suffered a horrific leg injury.
The two teams would later feature in the 2007 NRL Grand Final, the first of two consecutive Grand Finals played between the two clubs. Melbourne defeated Manly-Warringah 34–8 to win their second premiership, in a match which was notable for Melbourne enforcer Michael Crocker taking out Manly fullback Brett Stewart early in the second half with a hard but legal tackle; however, on 22 April 2010, Melbourne would be stripped of this premiership due to the discovery of salary cap breaches throughout the courses of the 2006–10 seasons.
There were three meetings between the two clubs in 2008. Melbourne won both of their regular season meetings, including in the Grand Final replay in Round 5, and also at Brookvale Oval later in the season, though it was Manly-Warringah that won the match that mattered the most, the 2008 NRL Grand Final; in a rematch of the previous year's premiership decider, Manly-Warringah would record a 40–0 victory to win their seventh premiership title and in the process deny the Melbourne club back-to-back premierships. Two of Manly's standout performers on the day were er Michael Robertson, who equaled the Grand Final record by scoring three tries, and Clive Churchill Medal winner, -forward Brent Kite. This loss was the third worst defeat in Melbourne's history, and it was the first time since 1978 that the losing team did not score a point (coincidentally, Manly also won the 1978 GF replay defeating Cronulla-Sutherland 16-0 after the original GF had been drawn 11-all). Manly's 40-0 win over Melbourne also broke the record winning margin for a Grand Final, beating the 38-0 win by Eastern Suburbs over St George in 1975.
The rivalry remained strong after 2008, despite there being no subsequent Grand Final meetings between the two clubs. The two teams traded victories at each other's home grounds in 2009, with Melbourne winning at Brookvale Oval in Round 8 and Manly winning in Melbourne for the first time in Round 24, before Melbourne defeated Manly 40–12 in the qualifying final at Etihad Stadium en route to winning another premiership which would also later be stripped from them due to salary cap breaches.
2010–present
Manly won both of their premiership meetings in 2010, first at Etihad Stadium in Round 6 by 18–16 (in the last match before the Storm's breaches of the salary cap between 2006 and 2010 were uncovered) and then at Brookvale Oval in Round 22 by 26–6. In both matches, Manly led 18–6 at half-time.
Melbourne then claimed its first victory over Manly since 2009 in Round 1, 2011 in a match in which they could compete for premiership points for the first time since that year, before Manly won a close, but brutal and violent match later in the season, known as the "Battle of Brookvale", where a minor scuffle erupted between Glenn Stewart and Adam Blair, resulting in both players being sin-binned (and later sent off) after joining in a scuffle between Darcy Lussick and Ryan Hinchcliffe. This was the first match attended by David Gallop of either side since suspending Brett Stewart from the first four weeks of the 2009 season for a sexual assault charge for which they would later be exonerated, and since stripping the Storm of two premiership titles and three minor premiership titles for salary cap breaches; extra security was hired for their presence at the game. Of the match itself, Gallop said:
In the immediate fallout from the match, both teams were fined $50,000 each and a total of ten players were charged by the NRL judiciary system. At the conclusion of the season, Melbourne and Manly finished as the top two teams on the premiership ladder for the third time in five years. They were destined to face each other in the Grand Final, but whilst the Manly-Warringah did ultimately make the decider (and went on to win), Melbourne were defeated in the preliminary final by the New Zealand Warriors.
The two teams met twice in 2012, with Melbourne winning both times; first at Brookvale Oval in Round 15 by 26–22, followed by a 40–12 victory in the preliminary final at AAMI Park en route to their second valid premiership and first since the salary cap breaches.
Their first meeting in 2013, in Round 10, produced the first draw between the two clubs, with the final score being 10–all. They met again later in the season, in Round 25, with Manly winning 28–8.
The two meetings between the sides in 2014 were both won by Melbourne: the first was a golden point, 23–22 victory in the opening round, in which Storm captain Cameron Smith kicked their first career field goal in extra time; Melbourne had trailed 20–4 at half-time. The second match saw the Storm also come from behind to win 22–19 over an injury-hit Manly side with debutant Kurt Mann scoring the match winning try with four minutes left.
Manly won both of their meetings in 2015, including winning at AAMI Park for the first time. Despite their two wins against Melbourne, Manly-Warringah faced a decline in the league by failing to make the top eight for the first time since 2004.
In 2016, the sides met in round 24 where Melbourne won 38–18, claiming the minor premiership in the process, whilst Manly missed the finals for the second consecutive season.
Melbourne won both meetings in 2017, first holding off a second half fight back by Manly at Brookvale to win 30–26 before defeating Manly 40–6 at AAMI Park in what was Cameron Smith's 350th NRL game.
The first meeting held between Manly and Melbourne for season 2018 in round eleven at AAMI Park was marred by controversy. While Manly won the match by 24–4 against a Melbourne side missing suspended captain Cameron Smith, the match was perhaps best remembered for a series of on-field incidents including four sin-binnings (Jake Trbojevic, Dylan Walker, Apisai Koroisau and Josh Addo-Carr) and the first send-off since 2015 courtesy of Curtis Scott throwing punches at Walker during a brawl reminiscent of the one between the two sides almost seven years prior. More drama occurred when Koroisau returned to the field one minute and 41 seconds earlier than they should've, presumably due to a timekeeping error. Melbourne lodged an official protest as a result.
In 2019, Manly-Warringah handed Melbourne just their third loss of the season, winning 11–10 in golden point extra time with captain Daly Cherry-Evans kicking the winning field goal in the final minute of extra time.
Statistics
Head to Head
This table only includes competitive matches, excluding all pre-season trials
Results
This table only shows competitive matches, and not pre-season or exhibition matches. Scores list home team first
Attendances
Highest attendance:
Melbourne Storm at home: 25,543 – Melbourne Storm 40 – 12 Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles, Preliminary Final, 2012
Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles at home: 20,414 – Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles 18 – 4 Melbourne Storm, Round 25, 2011
Neutral venue: 81,392 – Melbourne Storm 34 – 8 Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles, 2007 NRL Grand Final, Telstra Stadium
Lowest attendance:
Melbourne Storm at home: 10,020 – Melbourne Storm 40 – 10 Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles, Round 26, 2003
Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles at home: 7,084 – Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles 18 – 19 Melbourne Storm, Round 17, 1999
Neutral venue: 0 – Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles 18 – 28 Melbourne Storm, Round 21, 2021, Suncorp Stadium1
1 Match was played behind closed doors due to a COVID-19 outbreak in Queensland
Players who represented both clubs
See also
Rivalries in the National Rugby League
References
External links
Storm v Manly History Melbourne Storm Official Website
Manly Warringah Sea Eagles
Melbourne Storm
National Rugby League
Rugby league rivalries
Sports rivalries in Australia
Senator Griggs may refer to:
John W. Griggs (1849–1927), New Jersey State Senate
Ron Griggs (born 1952), New Mexico State Senate
Charanga may refer to:
Charanga (Cuba), ballroom music ensemble
Charanga (Spain), wind and percussion band playing in festivities
See also
Charang, several places in Russia
Charango, a small Andean stringed instrument of the lute family
The Borax Lake chub (Siphateles boraxobius) is a rare cyprinid fish found only in outflows and pools around Borax Lake, a small lake of the Alvord basin, Harney County, Oregon.
This species typically reaches only in length, although some are as long as . The back is generally a dark olive green, while the sides are silvery, with a dark line extending from gill cover to tail, and a scattering of dark melanophores. The fins are colorless, with more melanophores on the rays of the dorsal fin and tail, as well as on the first four rays of the pectoral fins. Similar in many ways to the Alvord chub, the Borax Lake species has a longer, wider, and deeper head, and larger eyes, and the caudal peduncle is more slender.
The Borax Lake chub eats a variety of foods, including midge larvae, diatoms, copepods, ostracods, and terrestrial insects. Its preferred mode of feeding is to root around in the bottom, but it will go after floating material or feed from the surface if necessary.
This species is the sole fish inhabiting the Borax Lake waters. While parts of the lake itself can, at times, rise to about fed from thermal springs, the average temperature ranges between . The fish avoid the warmest water, favoring lake's outflows. Its continued existence was threatened by geothermal energy development near the lake, which dried up part of the chub's habitat. However, in 2000 the Steens Mountain Cooperative Management and Protection Act put the area around the lake off-limits to geothermal exploration and mining.
References
Listed as Vulnerable (VU D2 v3.1)
William F. Sigler and John W. Sigler, Fishes of the Great Basin (Reno: University of Nevada Press, 1987), pp. 170–173
Borax Lake
Siphateles
Endemic fauna of Oregon
Fish of the Western United States
Freshwater fish of the United States
Natural history of Oregon
Fish described in 1980
ESA endangered species
Stephen Cheeke is an author and senior lecturer in English at the University of Bristol. They attended Kings of Wessex School with comedian Richard Herring,
and then went on to read English at the University of Cambridge, where they formed half of a stand-up double-act, God and Jesus, with Simon Munnery. Since their appointment as lecturer at Bristol in 1994, Cheeke has published articles on Shelley, Byron, and Romanticism. In 2007, they were awarded the Keats-Shelley Association of America's essay prize.
Cheeke's publications include Byron and Place: History, Translation, Nostalgia,
and Writing for Art: The Aesthetics of Ekphrasis.
Renowned amongst Bristol students for their entertaining and insightful lectures, Cheeke even has their own fan club on Facebook: the "Stephen Cheeke Appreciation Society".
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
English writers
People educated at The Kings of Wessex School
was a Japanese film director.
Career
Born in Kyoto and graduating from Ritsumeikan University, Takabayashi became a pioneering independent filmmaker working in 8mm and 16mm film, earning awards at foreign festivals for their work. Their 1970 film Subarashii jōki kikansha was well received and earned them the opportunity to direct theatrical films. The Water Was so Clear won the grand prize at the 1973 Mannheim-Heidelberg International Filmfestival. Their 1976 film Death at an Old Mansion was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival.
They died on 15 July 2012 of pneumonia at the age of 81.
Filmography
The Water Was So Clear (餓鬼草紙 Gaki zōshi) (1973)
Temple of the Golden Pavilion (1976)
Death at an Old Mansion (1976)
Lover's Suicide (1977)
Naomi (1980)
Za ûman (1980)
Kura no naka (1981)
Akai scandal: joji (1982)
Irezumi: Spirit of Tattoo (1982)
Koi nakushite (2003)
Hate e no tabi (2007)
References
External links
1931 births
2012 deaths
Japanese film directors
People from Kyoto
William 'Liam' John Finian O'Driscoll (born 16 July 1987) is an English former first-class cricketer.
O'Driscoll was born at Gloucester in July 1987. They were educated at the Royal Grammar School Worcester, before going up to Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge. While studying at Cambridge, they made two appearances in first-class cricket for Cambridge University against Oxford University in The University Matches of 2007 and 2008. In addition to playing for Cambridge University, O'Driscoll also made four first-class appearances for Cambridge UCCE, making two appearances each in 2007 and 2008. They were considered to be a genuine all-rounder due to their performances on the field and also their promising TV game show career. In six first-class matches, O'Driscoll scored 138 runs at an average of 31.33 and a high score of 42, while with their right-arm medium pace bowling they took 7 wickets at a bowling average of 79.28, with best figures of 2 for 67. O'Driscoll achieved cult status in the Middlesex County Cricket League in season 2020 by taking 2 hat-tricks in one week in first team fixtures against the Finchley CC and Twickenham CC. While some commentators put the extraordinary performances down to weakened opposition due to the ravages of Covid, both O'Driscoll (a junior medical doctor) and their father (a senior medical doctor) both found scientific evidence to disprove these baseless theories.
Notes and references
External links
1987 births
Living people
People from Gloucester
People educated at the Royal Grammar School Worcester
Alumni of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge
English cricketers
Cambridge MCCU cricketers
Cambridge University cricketers
Gabriel of Qatar, also known as Gabriel Qaṭraya bar Lipeh, was a Qatari Syriac writer of the Church of the East. They wrote a commentary on the East Syrian liturgy.
Life
Gabriel's date are uncertain, but they probably flourished in the late 6th and early 7th centuries. They refer to Shubḥalmaran, metropolitan bishop of Karka d-Beth Slokh, who probably died in or about 620, as still alive. Their commentary must precede the reforms of the liturgy associated with the patriarchate of Ishoʿyahb III (649–659).
Sarhad Yawsip Jammo identified the author of the commentary with the Gabriel Qaṭraya who collated a manuscript of the Peshitta (Syriac Bible) at Nisibis in the 25th year of Khusrau II (either 614 or 615). There are references in this manuscript to the School of Nisibis and it was probably copied there. A notice says that Gabriel worked in the presence of their teacher, Mar Zakka, which implies that they were a young student at the time. Sebastian Brock rejected the identification. The manuscript is currently British Library, Add. 14471.
Work
Gabriel's commentary, sometimes known under the Latin title Interpretatio officiorum, survives in a single manuscript copied in the Monastery of the Bear, now catalogued as British Library, Or. 3336. Only the section on the Holy Qurbana has been published and translated into English. An epitome of the Commentary by Abraham bar Lipeh has been published. The date on the manuscript is partially damaged. It was copied on the last Friday of July in a year of the 13th century, either 1238, 1268 or 1288.
The commentary is divided into five verse homilies (memre) in question-and-answer format. The first homily concerns ramšā (vespers) on weekdays and contains fifteen questions; the second concerns ṣaprā (prime) on weekdays in seventeen questions; the third ramšā and lelyā (matins) on Sundays in five questions; the fourth ṣaprā on Sundays in nine questions; and the fifth the Holy Qurbana, which is the Eucharist, in eight questions.
Notes
Bibliography
6th-century births
7th-century deaths
Church of the East writers
Christians in the Sasanian Empire
Maria Wilhelmina Strandberg née Söhrling (6 November 1845 –16 October 1914) was a Swedish operatic mezzo-soprano who performed at the Royal Theatre in Stockholm from 1867 to 1903, mainly in soubrette roles.
Biography
Born in Stockholm, Wilhelmina Söhling was the daughter of the music teacher and organist Wilhelm Söhrling (1822–1901) and Marie Elise Vretman.
After being brought up in a musical family, they studied solo singing from 1862–65 at the Swedish Conservatory under Julius Günther, Isak Berg and Fredrika Stenhammar. They made their début at the Royal Theatre on 18 October 1867 as Jeannette in Nicolas Isouard's comic opera Joconde.
In the spring of 1868, they were engaged by the Royal Theatre, playing further soubrette roles in comic operas including Vattendragaren and Les rendez-vous bourgeois. They soon moved on to more classical roles such as Zerlina Don Giovanni and Cherubino in The Marriage of Figaro. Other roles included Micaëla in Carmen, Magdalena in the Swedish première of Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg, Marta in Faust and Pamina in The Magic Flute.
On 18 October 1892, when they appeared as the Marquise in La fille du régiment, celebrating the 25th anniversary of the Royal Opera, they were awarded the Litteris et Artibus medal. They retired from the Royal Opera on 6 November 1903. They continued to live in Stockholm where they died on 16 October 1914.
Personal life
In 1878, they married customs official Olof Strandberg (1847-1889), son of opera singer (tenor), Olof Strandberg (1816-1882) and actor Aurora Vilhelmina Strandberg.
References
19th-century Swedish women opera singers
Swedish operatic mezzo-sopranos
19th-century Swedish opera singers
1845 births
1914 deaths
Singers from Stockholm
Litteris et Artibus recipients
In Polynesian mythology, Merau is a goddess of death and the underworld.
References
Polynesian goddesses
Death goddesses
The 1997 Pan American Women's Handball Championship was the fourth edition of the Pan American Women's Handball Championship, held in Brazil from 29 April to 4 May 1997. It acted as the American qualifying tournament for the 1997 World Women's Handball Championship.
Preliminary round
Knockout stage
Third place game
Final
Final ranking
External links
Results on todor66.com
1997 Women
American Women's Handball Championship
Pan
1997 in Brazilian women's sport
April 1997 sports events in South America
May 1997 sports events in South America
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1987:.
1987
See also
1987 in Hong Kong
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films of 1987
Hong Kong films of 1987 at HKcinemamagic.com
1987
Lists of 1987 films by country or language
1987 in Hong Kong
Mirza Cheuki railway station is a railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated beside National Highway 80 at Mirza Cheuki in Sahebganj district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
References
Railway stations in Sahibganj district
Malda railway division
Ionatana Tino is a Samoan rugby league and rugby union footballer who represented Samoa in the 2013 World Cup.
Playing career
A player for the Apia Barracudas in the Samoan local competition, Tino played for the Parkes Spacemen in the Group 11 Rugby League competition during the 2013 season.
In 2013, Tino was named in the Samoa squad for the World Cup.
They played for the Samoan rugby league nines side at the 2015 Pacific Games.
References
Living people
Parkes Spacemen players
Rugby league hookers
Rugby league locks
Samoa national rugby league team players
Samoa international rugby union players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Harkins Transportation Company was founded in 1914 by L.P.(Lovelace Perne) Hosford, Henry L. Pittock, and A.J. Lewthwaite. The line was named after the tugboat Jessie Harkins, which had been built by Jacob Kamm and named after Hosford's niece. The line ran steamboats on the lower Columbia from 1914 to 1937, when it was forced into bankruptcy. Steamboats owned by the company included Georgiana, Lurline, Undine, and Madeline (ex Joseph Kellogg). In 1931, the company built the diesel propeller tug L.P. Hosford, using upper works salvaged from the Lurline.
See also
Georgiana
Lurline
References
Steamboats of the Columbia River
1903 establishments in Oregon
Transport companies established in 1903
Kishangarh State was a princely state of India from 1611 to 1948. It was founded by the Jodhpur prince Kishan Singh in 1609. Prior to Kishan Singh this area was ruled by Raja Samokhan Singh.
Kishangarh State was located between 25° 49′ and 26° 59′ in the north, and 70° 49′ and 75° 11′ east. Bordered on the North and northwest by Jodhpur; on the east by Jaipur; on the west and southeast by the Ajmer District and on the extreme south by Shahpura.
History
Kishen Singh, who was the son of Udai Singh of Jodhpur left their family's lands for Ajmer in 1596. From the Mughal Emperor Akbar they received the district of Hindaun (now in Jaipur); and later, the grant of Setholao along with certain other districts. In 1611, they founded the town of Kishangarh which name was then also given to the state. The 13th Chief succeeding Udai Singh was Kalyan Singh (1797-1832) and in their time, on 26 March 1818, Kishangarh was brought under British Protection.
Kishangarh was the capital of the princely state during the British Raj, which was located in the Rajputana Agency. It had an area of 2210 km2 (858 miles²) and a population in 1901 of 90,970. This figure for population represented a decrease of 27% over the census figure of 1891, something presumably attributable to the famine of 1899–1900. Population was 85,744 in 1931. The state enjoyed an estimated revenue of £.30,000/- in 1875 and paid no tribute to the British Raj. In 1840, Prithvi Singh, became the 15th Maharaja of Kishangarh, and reigned till their death in 1879, after which they were succeeded by their son, Sardul Singh.
Maharaja Madan Singh ascended the throne in 1900 at the age of sixteen, at a time when the state was reeling from the impact of a devastating drought. The administration under them and their diwan was widely deemed worthy of approbation; irrigation from tanks and wells was extended and factories for ginning and pressing cotton were started. A social reform movement for discouraging excessive expenditure on marriages made remarkable impact during their reign.
Rulers
The rulers of Kishangarh who belonged to the Rathor dynasty took the title of 'Maharaja'.
1611 – 1615: Kishan Singh
1615 – 1618: Sahas Mal
1617 – 1629: Jag Mal
1629 – 1643: Hari Singh
1643 – 1658: Rup Singh
Jun 1658 – Oct 1706: Man Singh (b. 1655 – d. 1706)
Oct 1706 – Apr 1748: Raj Singh (b. 1674 – d. 1748)
1748 – 1781: Bahadur Singh (d. 1781)
1748 – 21 Aug 1765: Samant Singh (b. 1699 – d. 1765) (in opposition to 1756; from 1756 raja of Roopnagar)
21 Aug 1765 – 16 May 1768: Sardar Singh (b. 1730 – d. 1768) (Raja of Roopnagar; regent for Samant 1756–65)
1781 – 22 Nov 1788: Birad Singh (b. 1737 – d. 1788)
22 Nov 1788 – 5 Mar 1798: Pratap Singh (b. 1763 – d. 1798)
5 Mar 1798 – 22 May 1839: Kalyan Singh (b. 1794 – d. 1839)
22 May 1839 – 31 Aug 1841: Mohkam Singh (b. 1817 – d. 1841)
31 Aug 1841 – 25 Dec 1879: Prithvi Singh (b. 1838 – d. 1879)
25 Dec 1879 – 18 Aug 1900: Sardul Singh (b. 1857 – d. 1900) (from 1 Jan 1892, Sir Sardul Singh)
18 Aug 1900 – 25 Sep 1926: Madan Singh (b. 1884 – d. 1926) (from 1 Jan 1909, Sir Madan Singh)
25 Sep 1926 – 3 Feb 1939: Yagya Narayan Singh (b. 1896 – d. 1939)
3 Feb 1939 – 15 Aug 1947: Sumar Singh (b. 1929 – d. 1971)
Titular Maharaja
1947 – 1971 Sumar Singh
See also
Naubat Khan
References
External links
Kishangarh Exhibit of the state's stamps by Ajay Mittal
Kishangarh Revenues Exhibit of the state's stamps by Abdul Mollah
Kishangarh as Exhibited by Ajay Mittal
Ajmer district
Princely states of India
Rajputs
Rajputana Agency
1611 establishments in India
1947 disestablishments in India
Kishangarh
Peer-led team learning (PLTL) is a model of teaching undergraduate science, math, and engineering courses that introduces peer-led workshops as an integral part of a course. Students who have done well in a course (for instance, General Chemistry) are recruited to become peer-leaders. The peer-leaders meet with small groups of six to ten students each week, for one to two hours, to discuss, debate, and engage in problem-solving related to the course material.
History
PLTL originated at the City College of New York in the early 1990s as part of an effort to address the low success rate of students in General Chemistry. Peer-led Workshops were incorporated into the teaching of General Chemistry by reducing the amount of lecture to three hours from four hours. Preliminary results at City College of New York and other collaborating institutions indicated improved student attitudes and performance in General Chemistry and other courses.
These early results led to further study and development of PLTL by a national team, which produced a Guidebook for PLTL. An extensive national dissemination effort resulted in more widespread adoption of essential components of PLTL in a variety of science, mathematics, and engineering coursework. A recent review of research on PLTL and closely related peer-led learning formats found that published studies representing courses at over twenty institutions have demonstrated an average increase of 15% ABC as a fraction of the initially enrolled students, compared to traditional lecture. See for instance key studies in Chemistry, Biology, Computer Science, and Engineering. The PLTL leadership was recognized by the James Flack Norris Award for Outstanding Achievement in Teaching Chemistry in 2008.
Theory
PLTL can be understood in the context of cognitive science. It is consistent with social constructivism and ideas of Vygotsky in that students are asked to construct their own understanding with guidance from a more capable peer. They can be said to be learning within the zone of proximal development.
Evaluation of successful implementations of suggest that PLTL has six critical components:
PLTL is integral to the course.
Peer-leaders are trained in leadership skills.
Faculty are involved.
Materials for workshops are challenging and promote collaborative effort.
Space and noise level acceptable for group discussion and work.
PLTL is integrated into the institutional structure.
See also
Peer education
Peer feedback
Peer learning
Peer mentoring
Peer tutor
Peer-mediated instruction
References
External links
Peer learning
Undergraduate education in the United States
El Shorouk Academy is a private Egyptian educational academy, officially licensed by the Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research, and offering programs in Architecture, Engineering, Mass communication, Media, Computer science, Accounting, Management Information Systems and Business administration, it is located in El Shorouk, Cairo, Egypt and has been operating since 1995
History
The Academy was founded as The Higher Institute of Engineering in the year 1995 and its campus was located in 10th of Ramadan City, Giza, Egypt with only 5 engineering departments (Architectural Engineering, Biomedical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Communication & Computer Engineering, and Power & Electrical Machines Engineering). Later on, the campus was relocated to El Shorouk City with the start of second term of the year 1999/2000 after the approval from the Ministry of Higher Education (Egypt) which has issued a ministerial decree no. 712 dated 31/5/2000.Then the Civil Engineering Department was established by the ministerial decree no.1437 dated 10/09/2000 and the first year of study was 2000/2001, in a later stage the Mathematics and Physics Engineering department was established to make a total of 7 engineering departments.
The Higher Institute of Computer & Information Technology was established on 09/06/2001, then after 8 years The Higher International Institute of Mass Communication Was established based on the ministerial decree no. 1216 dated 09/06/2009 including the following departments (News Production, Media Production, and Media Marketing).
Campuses
The Academy has two campuses and both are located in El Shorouk City, the main campus houses The higher Institute of Engineering and The Higher Institute of Computer & Information Technology. The secondary campus houses The Higher International Institute of Mass Communication.
Academics
The academy is composed of three institutes which are listed below:
The Higher Institute of Engineering:
The institute is registered at Egyptian Engineers Syndicate and all of its graduates can also register at the Egyptian Engineers Syndicate, this registration is the Licensure to practice engineering in Egypt.
The management of the institute has updated the academic courses of different programs adding a new section (Petrochemical Engineering) to they chemical Engineering department, these updates was accredited by the ministerial decree (2381) dated 04/07/2019, the academic year 2019/2020 is the first year to adapt these updates.
Currently The Higher Institute of Engineering consists of the following departments:
Architectural Engineering
Biomedical Engineering
Chemical Engineering
Civil Engineering
Communication & Computer Engineering
Mathematics and Engineering Physics
Power & Electrical Machines Engineering
The Higher Institute of Computer & Information Technology
and consist of the following departments:
Computer Science
Management Information Systems
Business Administration & Accounting
The language of the study of the Computer science is English, Arabic and English for Management Information systems, and Arabic only for Business Administration & Accounting. All the departments are accredited from the Ministry of Higher Education (Egypt) and have received the equivalency from the Egyptian Supreme Council of Universities in Egypt which provide graduates the same rights and duties that is given by the Egyptian public universities like registration in syndicates and postgraduate studies.
The Higher International Institute of Mass Communication
On 09/03/2018 the academic list was updated by the ministerial decree no. 966 and currently include the following departments:
Journalism
Radio and television
Public relations and media
All of which accredited from the Ministry of Higher Education (Egypt) and have received the equivalency from the Egyptian Supreme Council of Universities in Egypt which provide graduates the same rights and duties that is given by the Egyptian public universities like registration in syndicates and postgraduate studies.
References
External links
El Shorouk Academy Official Website
Official Page on Facebook
Universities in Egypt
Education in Cairo
Educational institutions established in 1995
1995 establishments in Egypt
Leonid Alfonsovich Ostrovski (, , ; 17 January 1936 in Riga – 17 April 2001 in Kyiv) was a Soviet football player and manager of Jewish origin.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1960, 1966, 1967, 1968
Soviet Cup winner: 1960, 1964, 1966
International career
Ostrovski made their debut for the national team on 18 November 1961 in a friendly against Argentina (he was selected for the 1958 FIFA World Cup squad, but did not play in any games at the tournament).
They played in two World Cups: 1962 and 1966. They were the only footballer from Latvia for the Soviet Union in the World Cups.
References
External links
Profile (in Russian)
KLISF profile
Profile (in Russia)
1936 births
2001 deaths
Footballers from Riga
Latvian footballers
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
1958 FIFA World Cup players
1962 FIFA World Cup players
1966 FIFA World Cup players
Soviet Top League players
FC Torpedo Moscow players
FC Dynamo Kyiv players
Latvian football managers
Soviet football managers
FC Dnipro Cherkasy managers
Jewish footballers
Latvian Jews
Soviet Jews
Association football defenders
FC Mashuk-KMV Pyatigorsk players
"Shuffle", by British alternative rock band Bombay Bicycle Club, is the first single released from their third studio album, A Different Kind of Fix. Through Island Records, the single was released on 23 June 2011 as a digital download in the United Kingdom. The song was chosen as "Record of The Week" by UK radio DJ Zane Lowe. "Shuffle" would become one of the band's most commercially successful singles.
Commercial performance
"Shuffle" peaked at number 64 on the UK Singles Chart, becoming the band's second-most successful single. The single also debuted at number 40 and peaked at number 38 on the Billboard Alternative Songs chart in the United States, the band's first chart appearance in that country. The song also charted at number 60 on the Billboard Japan Hot 100 Singles chart.
Music video
The music video was uploaded to VEVO and YouTube on 22 July 2011. It features Lucy Rose, a fellow artist who is friends with the band. With over three million views, it is the band's most viewed video on YouTube and VEVO to date.
In popular culture
The song is featured in the 2012 video game Sleeping Dogs and in the 2013 video game MLB 13: The Show. The song was featured in one episode of MTV series Catfish: The TV Show.
Track listing
Chart performance
Certifications and sales
Release history
References
2011 singles
Bombay Bicycle Club songs
2011 songs
Island Records singles
Xu Yunlong (; born 17 February 1979) is a Chinese former footballer who played as a defender for Beijing Guoan and China national team.
Club career
Xu Yunlong started their football career with Beijing Guoan in the 1999 season, making thirteen league appearances and quickly established themselves as a versatile player. By the following season, they continued to gain considerably more playing time for Beijing and would often be used as a right back where their pace was quickly exploited; however, after several seasons, they played increasingly more at centre back and become an integral member of the club's defense. Xu's importance towards the team was shown in the 2008 league season when they would be named as the club's vice captain and then later than their captain, leading the club to the league title during the 2009 season.
On 26 February 2017, Xu retired from football and became the Commercial Director of Beijing Guoan.
International career
Xu made their debut for the Chinese national team on 25 May 2000 in a 2-0 loss against Yugoslavia. Under then manager Bora Milutinović, Xu's international career flourished by keeping previous right back Sun Jihai out of the national team during the 2000 AFC Asian Cup. However, they were forced out of action due to illness and Sun regained their place within the team; nevertheless, their performances were still good enough to be called up the squad that participated in the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
International goals
Career statistics
1Other tournaments include Chinese FA Super Cup.
Honours
Club
Beijing Guoan
Chinese Super League: 2009
Chinese FA Cup: 2003
Chinese FA Super Cup: 2003
International
China PR national football team
East Asian Football Championship: 2005
Individual
Chinese Super League Team of the Year: 2003, 2006, 2007, 2009. 2013, 2014, 2015
References
External links
2002 China Team Player Profile at BBC website
Player stats at football-lineups website
1979 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Beijing
China international footballers
2002 FIFA World Cup players
2000 AFC Asian Cup players
2004 AFC Asian Cup players
Beijing Guoan F.C. players
Chinese Super League players
Association football central defenders
Beijing Guoan F.C. non-playing staff
Baptistin Baille was born as Jean-Baptiste Baille in France, in 1841 and they died in 1918. They were a professor of optics and acoustics at the École de Physique et de Chimie Industrielles in Paris and a close friend of Paul Cézanne, the impressionist artist, and of Émile Zola who would later become a writer.
"Les trois inséparables"
Together, they were known as "les trois inséparables" (the three inseparables). The three boys met when they were at school and often swam together at the River Arc. Cézanne produced numerous paintings of male bathers based on these experiences, which Zola also remembered in their novel, L'Œuvre,
Another friend and classmate was Louis Marguery, future lawyer and writer for vaudeville.
References
Sources
Brown, F. 1984. Zola and Cézanne: The early years. New Criterion 3:15–29.
19th-century French scientists
1841 births
1918 deaths
French academics
The Shadow Speaker, is a young adult, first-person novel by Nigerian-American writer Nnedi Okorafor, which takes place in the year 2070. The Shadow Speaker was a Booksense Pick for Winter 2007/2008, a Tiptree Honor Book, a finalist for the Essence Magazine Literary Award, the Andre Norton Award and the Golden Duck Award and an NAACP Image Award nominee.
Plot
Ejimafor "Ejii" Ugabe is a fourteen-year-old Muslim half-Wodaabe, half-Igbo girl. They live in the Nigerien village of Kwàmfa. Them father was once the hated dictator-like chief. They live in the year 2070. The whole world is falling apart after a nuclear fall out in, quote, “the early twenty-first century”.
Characters
Ejimafor Ugabe - The 14-year-old daughter of the former Kwamfa Chief and One of the trusted advisers of the Sarauniya Jaa, the Red Queen.
Sarauniya Jaa - The Red Queen.  They are not an actual queen, but is treated like one. They witnessed the Great Changed while under the captivity of a tribe who claimed them to be their queen. They were fourteen at the time. When they speak a red flower always accompanies them words.
Chief Ugabe - A hypocritical chief.  They are said that they are of the fierce Woddabe tribe. When Jaa came to Kwamfa, the chief came along as an apprentice. They came back 1 month later. They seated themselves chief in, quote, “...the name of our nurturing queen, Sarauniya Jaa!”. They apparently used that as an excuse to carry out their evil deeds. One day, Jaa came to Kwamfa and confronted the man and accused them of using their name in vain and doing things that they would never agree to do. After, they sliced their head off and it rolled into a meat-eating plant which ate it. All in front of their oldest child, Ejii, and oldest Son, Fadio (Ejii's Half-Brother). They were eventually buried without their head.
Gambo -  They are a Co-Husband of Jaa. They used to be an Aejej. They were turned into one when they were a child. Jaa was being attacked by them and they started talking to him. A Red flower fell as they calmed down and they turned back into a human. They would still be an Aejej in our time because according to the novel, they were an aejej a short while before the 21st century. That would mean that the Aejej is not a product of the Great Change.
Buji - From the Northern portion of the Ooni Kingdom on Ginen.  They are Jaa's first husband. They met while watching the "burning bushes" (Carnivorous bushes that feed on bugs that are a cross between wasps and fireflies which gives them a yellow, orange glow). Buji's Family expects to be a traditional wife. Showing respect to their husband, etc. But Jaa Marrying Buji, and Buji marrying Jaa are different. In this case, Jaa married Buji.
Mrs. Ugabe -  They are the chief's first wife and the divorced adviser to Jaa following the chief's execution.
Dikeogu- A 14-year-old former slave who ran away from their camp.  They are a Rain-maker, and because of the anti-powers mentality their parents forced them into slavery.
Notable places
Kwàmfa - The village which Ejii, the chief's family, and Mrs. Ugabe all live.
Agadez - A real city, but notable events take place there.
Ginen - Another world, not dominated by humans, but by plants. Religion seems to be of little interest. The majority of humans live in the Ooni Kingdom. Most human life outside the kingdom is in villages here and there.
The Burning Bushes - One of the few odd things in the book that have a scientific reason. Every 25 years, luminescent wasps migrate to the fields and get eaten by Carnivorous plants who obtain their glow.
Notable events
The Great Change - A Eco terrorist extremist in Haiti creates a bomb with magic and nuclear power gathered from an African country. They call it the Peace Bomb because the radioactivity will mutate everyone to look the same and have the same skin and therefore there would be no diversity and that also means no racism. They want to use it, but it can easily be traced back to them through investigations. They use trickery and makes the leaders of the world turn on each other, causing a total nuclear World War. They drop the Peace Bomb, but at the same time several other nuclear bombs have been dropped. The whole world starts to turn inside out. Forests pop out of nowhere, and then succeed. Children are born with magical powers, borders are blurred to the point that you walk out of your house in Texas and cross the street into Nigeria. Worlds are colliding.
Religion
The author uses many references to religion. They use the Many Minor Signs of the Apocalypse said in the Quran, such as guns not being available and a green haze that smells like flowers, among others.
References
External links
Nigerian fantasy novels
Nigerian science fiction novels
2007 American novels
American young adult novels
Young adult fantasy novels
Children's science fiction novels
Novels set in Nigeria
Post-apocalyptic novels
Fiction set in the 2070s
Novels by Nnedi Okorafor
2070
2007 Nigerian novels
Kuzma Yevdokimovich Grebennik (Russian: Кузьма Евдокимович Гребенник; 18 February 1900 – 22 September 1974) was a Red Army lieutenant general and Hero of the Soviet Union. Grebennik served in the Soviet Border Troops both before and after World War II. During World War II, they commanded the 15th and 37th Guards Rifle Divisions.
Early life
Kuzma Grebennik was born on 18 February 1900 in the village of Bryansk in Slavyanoserbsk Uyezd in the Yekaterinoslav Governorate in a working-class family of Russian ethnicity. Their father worked as a miner in the coal mines of the Donbass. Grebennik graduated from elementary school and became a sorter at the coal mine at the age of 10. In 1914, their family moved to the village of Kremen in Kharkov Governorate, where Grebennik graduated from a two-year college in 1915. In 1916, they became a worker at the Donets-Rubezhnyi Factory. Grebennik returned to the Donbass and became a worker at a coal mine in 1918.
In May 1919, Grebennik was drafted into the Red Army and served with the 42nd Rifle Division. They caught typhus and after recovery in January 1920 became a clerk at the Ekaterinoslav Governorate recruiting office. Grebennik joined the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in September. In October, they transferred to the Cheka and served in the Krasny Kommunistychesky Battalion of the Cheka Donetsk Division's 1st Regiment. With the regiment, Grebennik fought against the White Army commanded by Pyotr Nikolayevich Wrangel.
Interwar
In April 1922, Grebennik became an instructor with the 455th Rogozhsko-Simonovsky Regiment of the 51st Rifle Division. They transferred to the border troops of the OGPU in October 1922 as a commissar of the Ochakovo Border battalion. Grebennik graduated from the Graduate School of the USSR Border Troops in 1924. In September, they became a platoon commander of the Odessa School of border troops regiment. They became the head of border troops at the Polish border and the motorized group of the Moldovan border detachment. In November 1929, they became the assistant chief of the drill for the 21st Yampolsky Border Detachment. Grebennik was appointed commander of the 5th Mechanized Regiment of the Order of Lenin Separate Mechanized Division of special purpose troops in December 1931. In July 1935, they graduated from the courses at the Military Academy of Mechanization and Motorization of the Red Army. Grebennik was promoted to colonel in April 1936.
Grebennik became the commander of the 59th Border Detachment of the NKVD Border Troops in the Primorsky Krai near Posyet in November 1937. In August 1938, they led the border detachment in repelling the first Japanese attacks during the Battle of Lake Khasan. For their leadership in the battle, Grebennik was awarded the Order of the Red Banner.
World War II
Grebennik continued to command the border detachment until November 1942, when they were appointed deputy commander of the Far Eastern NKVD Rifle Division in the Urals Military District. In February 1943, the division was renamed the 102nd Rifle Division and was sent to the Central Front as part of the 70th Army. They served with the division during the Sevsk offensive in Operation Kutuzov. In August, Grebennik became the commander of the 15th Rifle Division. The division advanced during the Chernigov-Pripyat Offensive during August and September. During the fall, it fought in the Gomel-Rechitsa Offensive. In January 1944, the division fought in the Kalinkovichi-Mozyr Offensive. In June, Operation Bagration was launched and the division advanced through Belorussia.
During the East Prussian Offensive in early 1945, the division fought as part of 65th Army's 18th Rifle Corps. Around this time, Grebennik's son Vladimir joined the division as a lieutenant in the medical battalion. On 30 March, Grebennik took over command of the 37th Guards Rifle Division from acting commander Colonel Nikolai Onoprienko after Major General Sobir Rakhimov was killed during the assault on Danzig. Grebennik led the division through the rest of the East Pomeranian Offensive. They organized the division's crossing of the Oder on 20 April and established a bridgehead over the river during the Berlin Offensive. The division captured Kołbaskowo, southwest of Szczecin. By 2 May, the division had advanced 150 kilometers and was on the Baltic Sea northeast of Rostock. Grebennik was awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union and the Order of Lenin on 29 May for their actions during the Berlin Offensive.
Postwar
On 1 December, the division became the 27th Mechanized Division. It was reduced to regimental strength a year later. In 1946, they served as a witness at the Tokyo War Crimes Tribunal. Grebennik continued to command the division throughout these changes but returned to the Border Troops in August 1947. They were appointed deputy head of the Border Troops in the Transcarpathian Border District. Grebennik was appointed head of the Border Troops of the Ukrainian Border District in December. While in that position, they participated in the fighting against the Ukrainian Insurgent Army. Between 1950 and 1954, they were a deputy of the Supreme Soviet. In November 1951, Grebennik was appointed head of the border troops of the Leningrad District. They became a senior advisor to the Albanian Ministry of Interior Affairs in October 1953. Grebennik became the head of the 1st Department of the Main Directorate of Border and Internal Troops of the USSR in October 1956. During the crushing of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 in Operation Whirlwind, Grebennik commanded the Soviet forces in the Budapest region and was wounded. From April 1957, they were the chief of staff and first deputy chief of the KGB Border Troops. In July, they were promoted to lieutenant general and became the head of the KGB Border Troops in the Southwestern Frontier District. From January 1960, Grebennik was the head of the operational group of the KGB Border Troops in the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic.
In December 1961, Grebennik was discharged. They lived in Kiev and was a member of the Ukrainian People's Control Committee. They died on 22 September 1974. Grebennik is buried in the Baikove Cemetery. In 1978, their writings were posthumously published as "Хасанский дневник", or Khasan Diary in English.
Awards and honors
USSR
Honorary State Security Officer (8 April 1934)
Foreign
References
1900 births
1974 deaths
People from Brianka
People from Yekaterinoslav Governorate
Russians in Ukraine
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Third convocation members of the Soviet of the Union
Soviet lieutenant generals
Russian coal miners
Soviet coal miners
Soviet border guards
Soviet military personnel of the Russian Civil War
Soviet military personnel of World War II
Heroes of the Soviet Union
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner
Recipients of the Order of the Red Star
Recipients of the Order of Suvorov, 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of Kutuzov, 2nd class
Commanders of the Virtuti Militari
Burials at Baikove Cemetery
George William Walker (30 May 1934 – 8 August 2012) was an English footballer who played as an inside forward. They scored 58 goals from 179 appearances in the Football League for Bristol City and Carlisle United before injury ended their career.
Life and career
Walker was born in Sunderland. While doing their National Service, they played non-league football for Chippenham Town before signing for Second Division club Bristol City in May 1956. They scored twice in 17 senior appearances, of which 15 were in the league, before returning to the north of England to join Carlisle United of the Fourth Division on 2 March 1959 for a £1500 fee.
They made their debut the following day, and scored twice as Carlisle beat Oldham Athletic 3–0. They continued as a regular in the first team, scoring 58 goals from 177 appearances in all competitions (53 from 164 in the league). Walker was the club's top scorer in both 1960–61 and 1961–62, when the team went into the last two matches of the season in sixth place, two points outside the promotion positions. They scored both goals in a 2–1 win at Doncaster Rovers and the first in a 2–0 win at home to Chester that gave Carlisle the four points they needed to overtake Bradford City and York City and make sure of their first ever promotion. Their Carlisle career was ended when they broke their leg playing in a reserve match, although they were able to go back into non-league football with Morecambe.
Walker settled in the Carlisle area, where they and former teammate Ginger Thompson went into the building trade. They also founded a football club, Carlisle City, in 1975 "to give local lads somewhere to play". Walker was married to Val; the couple had three sons. They died of leukaemia in Cumberland Infirmary, Carlisle, in 2012 at the age of 78.
References
1934 births
2012 deaths
Footballers from Sunderland
English footballers
Association football inside forwards
Chippenham Town F.C. players
Bristol City F.C. players
Carlisle United F.C. players
Morecambe F.C. players
English Football League players
Deaths from leukemia
Smolani (i) s a former village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia.
Villages in Prilep Municipality
The 1935 William & Mary Indians football team represented William & Mary during the 1935 college football season. The opener against the Virginia Cavaliers was the first-ever game played at William & Mary's brand new Cary Field. The game ended in a 0–0 tie.
Schedule
References
William & Mary
William & Mary Tribe football seasons
William & Mary Indians football
Public Opinion is a 1935 American drama film directed by Frank R. Strayer and starring Lois Wilson, Crane Wilbur and Shirley Grey.
Cast
Lois Wilson as Mona Trevor / Anne Trevor
Crane Wilbur as Paul Arnold
Shirley Grey as Joan Nash
Luis Alberni as Caparini
Andrés de Segurola as Enrico Martinelli
Paul Ellis as Carlos Duran
Ronnie Cosby as Tommy Arnold
Florence Roberts as Mrs. Buttons
Gertrude Sutton as Martha, the Maid
Erville Alderson as Mr. Trevor
Edward Keane as Paul's Attorney
Mildred Gover as Maid
Edward LeSaint as Judge
Richard Carlyle as Dr. Rand
References
Bibliography
Michael R. Pitts. Poverty Row Studios, 1929–1940: An Illustrated History of 55 Independent Film Companies, with a Filmography for Each. McFarland & Company, 2005.
External links
1935 films
1935 drama films
American drama films
Films directed by Frank R. Strayer
Chesterfield Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
René Guissart (24 October 1888 – 19 May 1960) was a French film director and cinematographer. During the 1920s and 1930s they worked as cinematographer on many British films many of them for British International Pictures. They also worked on MGM's 1925 epic Ben-Hur. From 1931 Guissart began directing and had made twenty eight films by 1939.
Selected filmography
Cinematographer
Ambition (1916)
Love and Hate (1916)
The Volunteer (1917)
Adventures of Carol (1917)
Love Aflame (1917)
Sister Against Sister (1917)
Little Women (1918)
Victory (1919)
The White Heather (1919)
My Lady's Garter (1920)
The Empire of Diamonds (1920)
Treasure Island (1920)
Harriet and the Piper (1920)
The Yellow Typhoon (1920)
The Butterfly Girl (1921)
The Money Maniac (1921)
The Breaking Point (1921)
Sowing the Wind (1921)
Flames of Passion (1922)
The Lying Truth (1922)
The Bohemian Girl (1922)
Paddy the Next Best Thing (1923)
Chu-Chin-Chow (1923)
While Paris Sleeps (1923)
Southern Love (1924)
The Recoil (1924)
Ben-Hur (1925)
Madame Sans-Gene (1925)
Land of Hope and Glory (1927)
A Little Bit of Fluff (1928)
The White Sheik (1928)
Tommy Atkins (1928)
Adam's Apple (1928)
Paradise (1928)
Daughter of the Regiment (1929)
The American Prisoner (1929)
The Hate Ship (1929)
The Compulsory Husband (1930)
Raise the Roof (1930)
The W Plan (1930)
Tropical Nights (1931)
Every Woman Has Something (1931)
Woman in the Jungle (1931)
A Man Has Been Stolen (1934)
Director
The Man in Evening Clothes (1931)
Luck (1931)
The Improvised Son (1932)
You Will Be a Duchess (1932)
The Premature Father (1933)
The Midnight Prince (1934)
Dédé (1935)
Speak to Me of Love (1935)
Dora Nelson (1935)
You Are Me (1936)
Ménilmontant (1936)
Sweet Devil (1938)
Bourrachon (1938)
Bibliography
Phillips, Alastair. City of Darkness, City of Light: Émigré Filmmaker in Paris 1929-1939. Amsterdam University Press, 2004.
External links
1888 births
1960 deaths
French cinematographers
Film directors from Paris
{{Infobox football biography
| name = Jack Ansell
| image =
| caption =
| fullname = Jack Ansell<ref name="PFA 25">
William John Ansell (4 August 1921 – 22 April 2008), more commonly known as Jack Ansell, was an English footballer who played for Bletchley Brick Works, Northampton Town and Oxford United. During their spell at Northampton, they played 105 consecutive league and cup games, before a broken leg ended the run. They died on 22 April 2008.
References
External links
Rage Online profile
1921 births
2008 deaths
English footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Northampton Town F.C. players
Oxford United F.C. players
English Football League players
People from Newport Pagnell
Katze may refer to
Katze (village), a village in Burma
the German word for "cat"
Girolamo Cattaneo (active 1540–1584) was an Italian military writer who in their lifetime was regarded as one of the foremost masters of military architecture.
Life
Cattaneo was born in Novara, northern Italy, but their background is otherwise unknown. It is posited that they must have had considerable training in mathematics and geometry, given their knowledge of hydraulics, surveying, and ballistics. They were a military architect and worked predominantly in Mantua and Brescia.
They worked for Vespasiano I Gonzaga, duke of Sabbioneta, whom they advised on the construction of a new fortification, in particular the two city gates ("Porta Vittoria" and "Porta Imperiale") and the defensive wall of Sabbioneta.
Works
References
Italian architects
People from Novara
Italian military writers
Swami Vivekananda: Messiah of Resurgent India (2003) is a book written by Pranaba Ranjan Bhuyan. This book is a comprehensive biography of Swami Vivekananda. The book was published by Atlantic Publishers & Dist, New Delhi.
Content
The book has been divided into eight chapters (excluding Forward, Preface, Bibliography and Index). Each chapter also has multiple sub-chapters. In the book Bhuyan has given a detailed biography of Vivekananda, as well as they have added comments, notes too. They also discussed on basis, nature or features of Vivekananda's nationalism or Swami Vivekananda's nationalism and imperialism.
See also
Life And Philosophy Of Swami Vivekananda
References
External links
2003 non-fiction books
Indian biographies
Biographies about religious figures
Books about Swami Vivekananda
21st-century Indian books
Norrköping Synagogue () is a historic synagogue in located in the Nordantill borough,
Norrköping, Sweden.
In accordance with the statute from 1782, Norrköping along with Stockholm and Gothenburg became the only cities where Jews were permitted to settle permanently at that time. A previous smaller synagogue had been built in the 1790s, funded by the German-Jewish merchant Jacob Marcus. The current synagogue was built between 1855 and 1858 in a neoclassical manner based on designs made by the architects Edvard Medén and Carl Stål.
Current status
The synagogue no longer hosts regular services of worship due to the decline of the Jewish population in the area. However, the building is still used occasionally for concerts and other events. The synagogue has been classified as a listed building since 1978.
References
1858 establishments in Sweden
Ashkenazi Jewish culture in Sweden
Buildings and structures in Norrköping
Synagogues in Sweden
Judaism in Sweden
Jewish Swedish history
Neoclassical synagogues
Synagogues completed in 1858
The white-throated towhee (Melozone albicollis) is a species of bird in the family Passerellidae that is endemic to Mexico. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
References
White-throated Towhee
Birds of Mexico
Endemic birds of Mexico
white-throated towhee
white-throated towhee
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Birds of the Sierra Madre del Sur
The Sofia Boys Choir is the first boys choir in Bulgaria, founded in 1968. The performers, aged 8–15, are selected from schools in Sofia. The founder and first conductor of the choir was Lilyana Todorova; they served from 1968 to 1989. Adriana Blagoeva has been conductor of the choir since 1989. They graduated from the National Musical Academy in Sofia as choir conductor. Nowadays, besides their active conducting work, they serve as a professor in choral conducting at the National Musical Academy. In 1997 they founded the Youth Formation with the Sofia Boys Choir, consisting of former members of the boys choir. Today the choir is presented in three formations – boys, youth and mixed. Zornitsa Getova acted as choirmaster and pianist of the choir from 1999 until 2017.
The Sofia Boys Choir has very wide repertoire: Bulgarian choral music, Orthodox music, Bulgarian folk music, choral pieces of various musical genres from the 14th century to today and participations in musicals and operas. There are many recordings of the Sofia boys choir in the musical archives of Bulgarian National Radio (BNR) and Bulgarian National Television (BNT). The choir has issued 11 solo audio CDs and has participated in another 9 with other musicians.
Since 1993, the Sofia Boys Choir has won many awards at international choral competitions, and have toured throughout Europe and Japan.
References
External links
Bulgarian choirs
Boys' and men's choirs
Youth choirs
Choirs of children
Musical groups established in 1968
Culture in Sofia
Marusk (, also Romanized as Mārūsk; also known as Mārūsh) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 394, in 103 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Denizli Atatürk Stadium () is a multi-purpose stadium in Denizli, Turkey. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Denizlispor. The stadium holds 18,745 people and was built in 1950.
References
External links
Venue information
Football venues in Turkey
Sport in Denizli
Sports venues completed in 1950
Multi-purpose stadiums in Turkey
Süper Lig venues
Athletics (track and field) venues in Turkey
Buildings and structures in Denizli Province
Denizlispor
Meusisha () is a rural locality (a selo) in Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,375 as of 2010. There are 16 streets.
Geography
Meusisha is located 7 km northwest of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kishcha and Urkarakh are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Jeremy Daniel Lusk (November 26, 1984 – February 10, 2009) was an American freestyle motocross racer from San Diego, California. They were part of the riding group Metal Mulisha.
They won gold and silver medals at the 2008 X Games and a bronze helmet in the 2008 Moto X World Championships. They were a born again Christian.
Career highlights
2008 X Games Mexico gold, X Games Moto X Best Trick silver, X Games freestyle Gold
2008 X Games: Moto X Best Trick, Silver; Moto X Freestyle, Gold
2008 Red Bull X Fighters, 3rd
2008 Moto X Freestyle, Bronze
2008 AST Dew Tour, 3rd
Death
On February 7, 2009, Lusk crashed while attempting to land a "Indian Air Backflip" (after Carey Hart who initiated it, see "Evolution of the backflip" in freestyle motocross) in the X Knights motocross competition in San José, Costa Rica, they under-rotated the flip, causing their front wheel to strike the landing. Lusk was ejected head-first and sustained catastrophic brain damage. Doctors performed an unsuccessful five-hour surgery at Rafael Ángel Calderón Guardia Hospital in San José in an attempt to save their lives. They entered into cardiac and respiratory failure and died on February 10.
After their death, the third episode of the television show Nitro Circus was dedicated to Lusk.
At the time of their death, Lusk lived in Temecula, California, with their wife, Lauren.
References
External links
A Fatal Flip
Metal Mulisha official website
"Rider's Death in Competition Points to the Perils of Motocross," New York Times, February 10, 2009
"ESPN's Ryan Leyba's Photo Tribute"
1984 births
2009 deaths
X Games athletes
American motocross riders
Sport deaths in Costa Rica
Filmed deaths in motorsport
Freestyle motocross riders
Motorcycle racers from San Diego
Sportspeople from Temecula, California
Motorcycle racers who died while racing
Marquino Mindley (born 29 December 1994) is a West Indian first-class cricketer. They were part of the West Indies' squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. In May 2018, they were selected to play for the Barbados national cricket team in the Professional Cricket League draft, ahead of the 2018–19 season. In October 2019, they were named in Jamaica's squad for the 2019–20 Regional Super50 tournament.
In June 2020, Mindley was named as one of eleven reserve players in the West Indies' Test squad, for their series against England. The Test series was originally scheduled to start in May 2020, but was moved back to July 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Jamaican cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Jamaica cricketers
Barbados cricketers
The graceful pitta (Erythropitta venusta), sometimes alternatively known as the black-crowned pitta (although another species is more regularly called black-crowned pitta (Erythropitta ussheri), is a species of bird in the family Pittidae which occurs in Sumatra, Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Gallery
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Image at ADW
graceful pitta
Birds of Sumatra
graceful pitta
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The H. H. Bloomer Award is an award of the Linnean Society, established in 1963 from a legacy by the amateur naturalist Harry Howard Bloomer, which is awarded to "an amateur naturalist who has made an important contribution to biological knowledge."
The recipients, alternatively a botanist and a zoologist, are presented with a silver medal and a donation from the Fund.
Recipients
Source (1963–present):
See also
List of biology awards
References
Awards established in 1963
Biology awards
British science and technology awards
Linnean Society of London
Corinna Scholz (born 1 August 1989 in Schongau, Bavaria) is a German curler from Bernbeuren. They competed as the alternate for Germany at the 2010 Winter Olympics. At the 2009 Aberdeen European Championships they also served as the Alternate, but was asked to play Lead in several matches.
Teammates
2009 Aberdeen European Championships
2010 Vancouver Olympic Games
2010 Ford World Women's Curling Championship
Andrea Schöpp, Skip
Monika Wagner, Third
Melanie Robillard, Second
Stella Heiß, Lead
References
External links
Team Schoepp Profile
German female curlers
Olympic curlers of Germany
Curlers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
World curling champions
1989 births
Living people
European curling champions
Sportspeople from Upper Bavaria
People from Weilheim-Schongau
Sarniak is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Chełm and south-east of the regional capital Lublin. The approximate population is 338.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The rivière des Perdrix flows in the municipalities of Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire, Cap-Saint-Ignace and Montmagny, in the Montmagny Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.
The Rivière des Perdrix is a tributary of the south bank of the Bras Saint-Nicolas, which flows on the southeast bank of the rivière du Sud (Montmagny); the latter flows north-east to the south shore of the St. Lawrence River.
Geography
The main neighboring watersheds of the Perdrix river are:
north side: St. Lawrence River, Bras Saint-Nicolas;
east side: Guimont stream, Bras Saint-Nicolas, Inconnue River;
south side: rivière du Sud (Montmagny), Fraser River, Alick River;
west side: rivière du Sud (Montmagny), Bras Saint-Nicolas.
The Perdrix River has its source on the northern slope of the "Maple Mountain", on the northern slope of the Notre Dame Mountains, in the municipality of Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire. Several branches of mountain and forest streams feed the head of the Perdrix River.
From its source, the Perdrix River flows over , divided into the following segments:
north-east in Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire, to the confluence of a stream branch (coming from the south);
northward, up to the confluence of the Inconnue River (coming from the south-east);
north, to the limit between Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire and Cap-Saint-Ignace;
north, up to Chemin des Érables-Ouest;
west, crossing the route des Pommiers, to Chemin Bellevue-Ouest;
west, to the limit between Cap-Saint-Ignace and Montmagny;
west, to highway 20;
north, up to its confluence.
Rivière des Perdrix flows on the south shore of Bras Saint-Nicolas. This confluence is located from the south shore of St. Lawrence River, at downstream of the limit between Cap-Saint-Ignace and Montmagny, as well as upstream of the railway bridge that crosses the town of Montmagny.
Toponymy
The toponym Rivière des Perdrix was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Montmagny Regional County Municipality
Senator Gutierrez may refer to:
Carl Gutierrez (born 1941), Senate of Guam
Franklin J. Gutierrez, Senate of Guam
Jaime Gutierrez (born 1949), Arizona State Senate
Kim Rosdahl (born 12 May 1996) is a Swedish professional ice hockey winger.  They are currently playing with Rögle BK in the Swedish Hockey League (SHL). They have previously played with the Malmö Redhawks and IK Oskarshamn in the SHL.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Rögle BK players
IK Oskarshamn players
Malmö Redhawks players
Modo Hockey players
Sportspeople from Malmö
Swedish ice hockey left wingers
Eri Irianto (12 January 1974 – 3 April 2000) was a player of Persebaya Surabaya.
They died on 3 April 2000 after collapsing following a heart attack on the pitch during a league match against PSIM Yogyakarta at Gelora 10 November Stadium. The mess was renamed from Persebaya and is now "Wisma Eri Irianto". They wore number 19 which was retired after their death.
International career
International goals
Scores and results list Indonesia's goal tally first.
Honours
Club
Persebaya Surabaya
Liga Indonesia runner-up: 1998–99
International
Indonesia
AFF Championship fourth place: 1996
References
Indonesian footballers
Indonesian expatriate footballers
2000 deaths
Association football players who died while playing
1974 births
Persebaya Surabaya players
Kuala Lumpur City F.C. players
Association football midfielders
Indonesia international footballers
Sport deaths in Indonesia
Expatriate footballers in Malaysia
Indonesian expatriate sportspeople in Malaysia
People from Sidoarjo Regency
Sportspeople from East Java
Le gorille a bonne mine, written and drawn by Franquin, is the eleventh album of the Spirou et Fantasio series. The title story and Vacances sans histoires (A Quiet Holiday), were serialised in Spirou magazine, before the hardcover album release in 1959.
The title literally means roughly The Gorilla's in Good Shape, but the title is also a pun on the "mine d'or" ("goldmine") which appears in the story.
When Egmont (on its imprint "Euro Books") published this album in English for the Indian market, it was given the title "The Gorilla Gold Adventure".
Story
In Le gorille a bonne mine, Spirou and Fantasio journey to Molomonga in central Africa, on a journalistic expedition to seek out the rare gorillas of Mount Kilimaki. In a setting of uneasy atmosphere amidst questionable characters and unlikely accidents, their efforts become increasingly difficult, justifying the suspicion that someone tries to prevent the reporters from reaching their goal.
In Vacances sans histoires, the heroes take a road-trip south to the French riviera. This leads to an encounter with Ibn-Mah-Zoud, an abundantly wealthy sheikh and allegedly the worst motorcar driver in the world, and who tries out their Turbotraction:Turbot-Rhino I.
Background
During the title story's original serial publication in Spirou, it was named Le gorille à mauvaise mine, but, after previously published La mauvaise tête, the hardcover album was renamed by editors who wanted to avoid establishing a trend of negative names (i.e. The Bad Head, The Bad Expression).
With Vacances sans histoires, this album contains the second Spirou adventure cameo appearance of Gaston Lagaffe, although the first would be released in a later album, Le voyageur du Mésozoïque.
At the end of Vacances sans histoires, the Turbot 2 is revealed for the first time, as a replacement for the Turbotraction wrecked by the Sheik.
References
Franquin publications in Spirou BDoubliées
Footnotes
External links
Spirou official site album index
Franquin site album index
Comics by André Franquin
Spirou et Fantasio albums
1959 graphic novels
1959 in comics
Africa in fiction
Comics set in France
Works originally published in Spirou (magazine)
Literature first published in serial form
The Fine Gold Intrusive Suite is one of several intrusive suites that crosses into Yosemite National Park. These also include
Intrusive Suite of Buena Vista Crest
Intrusive Suite of Jack Main Canyon
Intrusive Suite of Merced Peak
Intrusive Suite of Sonora Pass
Intrusive Suite of Yosemite Valley
Tuolumne Intrusive Suite
The Fine Gold Intrusive Suite is an intrusive suite which is massive (more than 3100 square kilometers) and long-lived (ca. 19 million years).
Where is intrudes
The Fine Gold Intrusive Suite intrudes both accreted oceanic terranes, and/or island-arc terranes, and, also continental crust.
References
External links and references
The Fine Gold Intrusive Suite: The roles of basement terranes and magma source development in the Early Cretaceous Sierra Nevada batholith
A large article
Geology of California
Geology of Yosemite National Park
The "FIFA Anthem" or "FIFA Hymn" is an instrumental song played at the beginning of FIFA-sponsored events, such as futsal and association football matches and tournaments (like international friendlies, the FIFA World Cup or any other association football competitions), usually as the participants enter the playing area. Occasionally, there have been instances where a different song has been used in its place, such as Vangelis' "Anthem" used at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Since the 2018 FIFA World Cup and 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup, a new anthem, "Living Football" is used as the FIFA anthem, as "Seven Nation Army" by The White Stripes is used for the players entrance.
History
1990s
It was first played at the 1994 World Cup, composed by Franz Lambert and is completely instrumental with no lyrics. Rob May and Simon Hill arranged the music.
2000s
In 2004, the song was rearranged and re-recorded with improved acoustics by Gota Yashiki and it is this version that is currently used by FIFA before the start of matches. It was used in the 2010 and 2014 FIFA World Cups, though the 1994 version was used at the final of the 2006 one.
2010s
In 2018, FIFA commissioned Hans Zimmer and Lorne Balfe to compose a new theme to be used at 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia. The theme, named "Living Football" to coincide with FIFA's new slogan, was played before every World Cup match, as the volunteers began to unveil the giant 2018 FIFA World Cup logo (replaced by the drawing of the FIFA World Cup Trophy in the final) at the pitch, along with the flags of the two nations in every match. The "FIFA Anthem" itself - which always played when the players walked out onto the stadium pitch, was replaced by "Seven Nation Army" of The White Stripes for that tournament. The trend has continued at all subsequent FIFA-sanctioned tournaments, including the FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup, the FIFA Club World Cup, FIFA U-20 World Cup, and the FIFA Women's World Cup.
The "Living Football" theme was used again at the 2018 FIFA Club World Cup, which was held in the United Arab Emirates and also at the 2019 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Poland and the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup in France.
See also
AFC Anthem
References
FIFA music
Football songs and chants
European anthems
Anthems of organizations
"Honey Jack" is a song recorded by Canadian country music artist Madeline Merlo for their debut studio album, Free Soul (2016). Merlo co-wrote the song with Stephony Smith and Jesse Walker. It was released July 17, 2015 as the record's third single. "Honey Jack" was the first single recorded specifically for Free Soul after the release of Merlo's eponymous EP in 2014.
Content
"Honey Jack" was written and recorded in Nashville, Tennessee in the spring of 2015. The lyrics draw comparisons between an independent woman and the titular liquor, with Merlo describing the drink as "strong and sweet, just like me."
Lyric video
No music video was filmed for "Honey Jack", however an official lyric video premiered on August 20, 2015.
Chart performance
"Honey Jack" debuted on the Canada Country chart dated October 3, 2015 and reached a peak position of 25 on the chart dated November 21, 2015.
References
2015 songs
2015 singles
Madeline Merlo songs
Open Road Recordings singles
Songs written by Stephony Smith
Songs written by Madeline Merlo
The buff-bellied warbler (Phyllolais pulchella) is a species of bird in the family Cisticolidae. It is monotypic within the genus Phyllolais. It is found in Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Kenya, Nigeria, Rwanda, Sudan, Tanzania, and Uganda, where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, dry savanna, and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
It is a small, dull coloured warbler found in savanna and acacia woodland. It particularly favours Acacia xanthophloea and Acacia abyssinica and can often be seen foraging among the branches in pairs or small groups. It is inconspicuous in its habits but can often be seen feeding in mix-species flocks.
References
Ryan, Peter (2006). Family Cisticolidae (Cisticolas and allies). pp. 378–492 in del Hoyo J., Elliott A. & Christie D.A. (2006) Handbook of the Birds of the World. Volume 11. Old World Flycatchers to Old World Warblers'' Lynx Edicions, Barcelona
buff-bellied warbler
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
buff-bellied warbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
buff-bellied warbler
The 1959 edition of the Campeonato Carioca kicked off on July 12, 1959 and ended on December 20, 1959. It was organized by FMF (Federação Metropolitana de Futebol, or Metropolitan Football Federation). Twelve teams participated. Fluminense won the title for the 17th time. no teams were relegated.
System
The tournament would be disputed in a double round-robin format, with the team with the most points winning the title.
Championship
References
Campeonato Carioca seasons
Carioca
Valentino Murataj (born 15 August 1996) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Albanian club Partizani.
Career statistics
Clubs
References
External links
Valentino Murataj at the Albanian Football Association
1996 births
Living people
People from Fier County
People from Fier
Sportspeople from Fier
Association football midfielders
Albanian footballers
KF Bylis Ballsh players
Kategoria Superiore players
Kategoria e Parë players
Kategoria e Dytë players
Gustavo Romanello (born 11 September 1972) is an Argentine football manager and former player who played as a forward.
References
Living people
Association football forwards
Argentine footballers
1972 births
Montreal Impact (1992–2011) players
Villa Dálmine footballers
Sportivo Italiano footballers
Argentine football managers
Yaracuyanos F.C. managers
Footballers from Rosario, Santa Fe
Carroll County is a county located in the northern part of the U.S. state of Kentucky. Its county seat is Carrollton. The county was formed in 1838 and named for Charles Carroll of Carrollton, then the last living signer of the Declaration of Independence. It is located at the confluence of the Kentucky and Ohio Rivers.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (6.4%) is water. It is the third-smallest county by area in Kentucky.
Adjacent counties
Jefferson County, Indiana (north)
Switzerland County, Indiana (northeast)
Gallatin County (east)
Owen County (southeast)
Henry County (south)
Trimble County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 10,155 people, 3,940 households, and 2,722 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 4,439 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.16% White, 1.94% Black or African American, 0.23% Native American, 0.17% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 1.42% from other races, and 1.04% from two or more races. 3.25% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,940 households, out of which 33.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.40% were married couples living together, 11.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.90% were non-families. 25.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.98.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.30% under the age of 18, 9.10% from 18 to 24, 29.90% from 25 to 44, 23.20% from 45 to 64, and 12.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 101.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,925, and the median income for a family was $44,037. Males had a median income of $33,588 versus $20,974 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,057. About 10.40% of families and 14.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.80% of those under age 18 and 21.60% of those age 65 or over
Communities
Carrollton (county seat)
English
Ghent
Prestonville
Sanders
Worthville
Politics
Carroll County was strongly pro-Confederate during the Civil War: only 2.70 percent of its white population volunteered to serve in the Union Army, which constitutes the fourteenth-lowest of 109 counties extant as of the 1860 election, and was indeed lower than for the whole of seceded Tennessee. Consequently, Carroll County remained overwhelmingly Democratic for the next century and a quarter, being the only Kentucky county outside the heavily unionized coalfields to vote for George McGovern in 1972. The first Republican to carry Carroll County was Ronald Reagan in 1984, and the growing social liberalism of the Democratic Party has meant the county has voted increasingly Republican since the turn of the century, although Hillary Clinton's 28.69 percent – even if over fifteen percent worse than any previous Democrat – was still as good as they received in any rural white southern county.
In gubernatorial elections, Carroll has remained solidly Democratic: no Republican gubernatorial candidate ever carried the county until 2019, when Carroll County voted for Matt Bevin.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Carroll County, Kentucky
References
External links
Carroll County Chamber of Commerce website
Carroll County Government Site
1838 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1838
Kentucky counties
Kentucky counties on the Ohio River
Constructions Aéronautiques Émile Dewoitine was a French aircraft manufacturer established by Émile Dewoitine at Toulouse in October 1920. The company's initial products were a range of metal parasol-wing fighters which were largely ignored by the French Air Force but purchased in large quantities abroad and licence-built in Italy, Switzerland, and Czechoslovakia. The company was liquidated in January 1927, with the only remaining active programme (the D.27) being transferred to EKW in Switzerland.
The company was re-established in Paris in March the following year as Société Aéronautique Française (Avions Dewoitine) or SAF. After briefly continuing D.27 production, the reconstituted firm produced a range of fighters that became a mainstay of the French airforce during the 1930s, the D.500 family.
It also developed important civilian airliners, such as the D.333 and its derivative the D.338, designed for pioneering routes to French Indochina (Vietnam), and eventually Hong Kong.
The firm was nationalised in March 1937 into the short-lived SNCA du Midi or SNCAM, and produced the D.520 as France's best-performing fighter at the outbreak of war, albeit in too small numbers to pose any serious opposition to the Luftwaffe in the Battle of France.
The end of Dewoitine as a recognisable entity was its absorption into SNCASE in December 1940, by which time Émile Dewoitine had departed to establish SIPA, and no further aircraft were produced under the Dewoitine name.
Aircraft
Dewoitine D.1
Dewoitine D.2 project
Dewoitine D.3 project
Dewoitine D.4 project
Dewoitine D.5 project
Dewoitine D.6 project
Dewoitine D.7
Dewoitine D.9
Dewoitine D.10 project
Dewoitine D.13 project
Dewoitine D.14
Dewoitine D.15
Dewoitine D.17 project
Dewoitine D.18 project
Dewoitine D.19
Dewoitine D.21
Dewoitine D.22 project
Dewoitine D.23 project
Dewoitine D.24 project
Dewoitine D.25
Dewoitine D.26
Dewoitine D.27
Dewoitine D.28
Dewoitine D.30
Dewoitine D.33
Dewoitine D.35
Dewoitine D.332
Dewoitine D.338
Dewoitine D.371
Dewoitine D.372
Dewoitine D.420 project
Dewoitine D.430
Dewoitine D.440 project
Dewoitine D.450 project
Dewoitine D.470 project
Dewoitine D.480
Dewoitine D.481
Dewoitine D.490 project
Dewoitine D.500
Dewoitine D.513
Dewoitine D.520
Dewoitine D.551
Dewoitine D.560
Dewoitine D.580 project
Dewoitine D.590 project
Dewoitine D.600 project
Dewoitine D.640 project
Dewoitine D.650 project
Dewoitine D.660 project
Dewoitine D.680 project
Dewoitine D.710 project
Dewoitine D.750
Dewoitine D.760 project
Dewoitine D.770
Dewoitine D.800 project
Dewoitine D.810 project
Dewoitine D.820 project
Dewoitine D.860 project
Dewoitine D.900 project
Dewoitine HD.460 project
Dewoitine HD.730
Dewoitine P-1
References
Defunct aircraft manufacturers of France
Manufacturing companies established in 1920
Manufacturing companies disestablished in 1929
1920 establishments in France
1929 disestablishments in France
Calochilus herbaceus, commonly known as the pale beard orchid, is a species of orchid native to south-eastern Australia and northern New Zealand. It has a single very short, rigid, fleshy leaf and up to eight pale green to brownish flowers with reddish stripes and a purple "beard".
Description
Calochilus herbaceus is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a single fleshy, channelled leaf long, wide and triangular in cross-section. Up to eight pale green to brownish flowers with reddish stripes, long and wide are borne on a flowering stem tall. The dorsal sepal is erect, egg-shaped, long and wide. The lateral sepals are egg-shaped, long and wide. The petals are lance-shaped to egg-shaped, long, wide and spread below the labellum. The labellum is triangular, curved in side view, long and wide. The base of the labellum has between two and six smooth, metallic blue plates and the middle part has a few bristly purple hairs. The tip has a short glandular "tail" about long. The column has two sham "eyes" joined by a faint ridge. Flowering occurs from October to January but each flower only lasts for one or two days.
Taxonomy and naming
Calochilus herbaceus was first formally described in 1840 by John Lindley from a specimen collected near Rocky Cape. The description was published in their book The Genera and Species of Orchidaceous Plants. The specific epithet (herbaceus) is a Latin word meaning "of plants".
Distribution and habitat
The pale beard orchid grows in wet coastal scrub, sedges and heath in southern Victoria, Tasmanian (including Flinders Island and King Island) and on the North Island of New Zealand north of Auckland.
References
herbaceus
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of Victoria (Australia)
Orchids of New Zealand
Orchids of Tasmania
Plants described in 1840
Murl is an unincorporated community in Wayne County, Kentucky, United States.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Wayne County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Paraguayan Petroleums ( or Petropar) is the Paraguayan national oil company that owns the only refinery in the country Villa Elisa Refinery located in Villa Elisa with a capacity of , a LNG plant, a biodiesel plant and several storage facilities with a storage capacity of around .
References
External links
Official Petróleos Paraguayos website—
Oil and gas companies of Paraguay
Paraguay
Non-renewable resource companies established in 1981
1981 establishments in Paraguay
YouTube Rewind 2019: For the Record (also known as YouTube Rewind 2019) is a video that was uploaded to YouTube's official channel on the video-sharing website YouTube on December 5, 2019, as the tenth and final installment of the YouTube Rewind series. The video contains montages of the top videos and YouTubers of the year.
Although marked as an improvement over the previous installment, YouTube Rewind 2018: Everyone Controls Rewind, the video received negative reviews, with critics and the general audience finding the video uncreative in comparison to past Rewind videos.
For the Record amassed over 3.1 million dislikes within 24 hours of release and 5 million dislikes within 48 hours of release, more than those acquired by YouTube Rewind 2018 in the same timeframes. It currently has over 9.6 million dislikes, making it the seventh most disliked video on YouTube.
Overview
The video begins with a 'rewind' of 2019's most viewed/liked videos on YouTube. It then cuts to a scene from YouTube Rewind 2018: Everyone Controls Rewind where Casey Neistat and the Merrell Twins suggest K-pop as one of the themes for the rewind. Following this, it cuts to multiple YouTubers' reactions to this scene where it has been labelled as awkward and YouTube themselves stating that "In 2018, we made something you didn't like. So in 2019, let's see what you DID like. Because you're better at this than we are", with the words on screen. A compilation of trending YouTube videos from 2019 is shown, then cuts to the words on screen, saying "You made these the MOST LIKED CREATOR VIDEOS of 2019, duh...", in the form of a 'Top 10' list, with a short snippet of each video playing at their appropriate times.
The video then proceeds to show the "Most Liked Music Videos", again in the form of a 'Top 10' list with a short snippet of each video playing at their appropriate times.
The video then proceeds to show the "Most Liked Dance Videos" in the form of a 'Top 5' list with a short snippet of each video playing at their appropriate times.
The video proceeds to show the "Most Viewed Video Games" in the form of a 'Top 5' list with a short snippet of game-play at their appropriate times.
The video proceeds to show the "Most Liked Beauty Videos" in the form of a 'Top 5' list with a short snippet of each video at their appropriate times.
The video cuts to another tape 'rewind' with the words on-screen: "You helped these New Creators Break Out", then proceeds to show YouTube channels with the most subscribers which first uploaded in 2019 in the form of a 'Top 10' list with a short snippet of videos from each creator at their appropriate times.
The video cuts to another tape rewind, with the words on-screen: "You made these the Most Watched Creators", then proceeds to show the most viewed creators of 2019 in the form of a 'Top 10' list with short snippets of videos from each creator at their appropriate times.
The video cuts to the words on screen: "You liked, disliked, watched, subscribed, commented, shared, uploaded, played, listened, saved, created. Thank you for a record breaking 2019." It then proceeds to show multiple channels and their achievements in 2019 with appropriate videos.
It then cuts to a short time-lapsed compilation of 2019's trending videos being 'sucked' into the middle. The video ends with a shot from Lil Dicky's music video of their song "Earth".
Production
The 2019 edition returned to a format more reminiscent of the early iterations of the series, featuring a montage of the top videos of 2019, divided into several themed countdowns based on statistics and trends. Kevin Allocca, YouTube's head of culture and trends, explained that the video was intended to be more reflective of the year's trends, acknowledging that it was becoming more difficult for the previous format to "authentically represent" the community's overall experience.
Cast
Below is a list of channels featured in the top lists in YouTube Rewind 2019, derived from the video's description:
1MILLION Dance Studio
A4
Anaysa
Andymation
Ariana Grande
Awez Darbar
Aya Nakamura
Azzyland
Badabun
Billie Eilish
Black Gryph0n
Blackpink
BTS
ChapkisDanceUSA
Daddy Yankee
David Dobrik
Dude Perfect
F2Freestylers
Felipe Neto
Fischer's- フィッシャーズ
Galen Hooks
HYBE LABELS
James Charles
Jeffree Star
Jelly
Kaykai Salaider
Kurzgesagt – In a Nutshell
Kylie Jenner
Lazarbeam
Lil Dicky
Lil Nas X
LOUD
LOUD Babi
LOUD Coringa
Magnet World
MrBeast
Nilson Izaias Papinho Oficial
Noah Schnapp
Noor Stars
백종원의 요리비책 Paik's Cuisine
Pencilmation
PewDiePie
Rosalia
Seth Everman
Shane Dawson
Shawn Mendes
Team Naach
T-Series
whinderssonnunes
워크맨-Workman
하루한끼 one meal a day
Below is a list of channels whose footage was included in YouTube Rewind 2019, but were not featured in the top lists of YouTube Rewind 2019:
Angie Velasco
Atta Halilintar
Badabun
Big Marvel
Blanco Brown
Brooklyn and Bailey
Casey Neistat
Connor Franta
Emma Chamberlain
Free Fire - Brasil
GamingWithKev
Garena Free Fire Indonesia
h3h3Productions
Hongyu ASMR 홍유
HunniBee ASMR
IAMLXGEND
ItsFunneh
Jenna Marbles
Jennelle Eliana
Lachlan
mrfreshasian
NikkieTutorials
PlayHard
RiceGum
ROSALÍA
Shoaib Akhtar
Sidemen
Simone Giertz
SQUEEZIE
Suzy Lu
Tati
The Try Guys
TheDonato
Pac-12 Networks
VEGETTA777
Soundtrack
YouTube Rewind 2019 contains the following songs (timestamps in brackets refer to when the song appears in the Rewind video):
"7 Rings" by Ariana Grande (0:22–1:34)
"Tokyo Drifting" by Glass Animals and Denzel Curry (1:35–2:27)
"Bad Guy" by Billie Eilish (2:29–3:15)
"Don't Start Now" by Dua Lipa (3:17–5:23)
Reception
Despite being seen as an improvement over the previous year's Everyone Controls Rewind, For the Record received negative reviews, with many viewers disappointed that it did not have the same level of production as previous installments in the series, and noting it as being akin to WatchMojo videos. Many also felt the new format lacked "ambition, energy and a soul", and that it showed that YouTube was being openly more corporate and uncaring towards their creators. Others have also noted the omission of PewDiePie's "Congratulations" from the list of most liked music videos of the year, despite YouTube's listing standards which prevent geo-restricted content from being included in For the Record. Another PewDiePie-related criticism was how none of their accomplishments were included in the "YouTubers' Achievements in 2019" segment, yet it included T-Series (the first channel to hit 100 million subscribers, despite PewDiePie becoming the first creator to do so) and Enes Batur (a creator from Turkey who came under fire for copying PewDiePie, and abusing the copyright system against fellow creator JT after they called Batur out on said copying.) Similarly to last year, some viewers criticized the video for its complete lack of tributes to YouTubers that had died before December, such as Desmond "Etika" Amofah. However, viewers saw improvement with casting choices in some areas, particularly with the inclusion of PewDiePie, who was absent in the last two installments. For the Record won the 2020 Webby Award for Entertainment in the category Web.
Despite being included in the video, PewDiePie, along with FlyingKitty, Party In Backyard, Grandayy and Dolan Dark, created their take of it on December 29, 2019, titled "YouTube Rewind 2019, but it's actually good", which focused on the notable memes of 2019 and also paid homage to various recently deceased creators, including Dillon the Hacker, Etika and Grant Thompson.
, For the Record currently has over 117 million views and over 9.5 million dislikes, making it the sixth most-disliked YouTube video and the third most-disliked non-music YouTube video of all time after Everyone Controls Rewind and the trailer for Sadak 2. It was peaked as the third most-disliked video at the time before being surpassed by the Sadak 2 trailer within three days.
See also
List of most-disliked YouTube videos
References
External links
The creators, music and moments as featured in REWIND 2019 (playlist)
2019 YouTube videos
2019 controversies
2019 in Internet culture
2019 works
Internet memes
Viral videos
Works about video games
YouTube controversies
is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Dordoi Bishkek.
Club career
Klaksvíkar Ítróttarfelag
Matsunaga made their Betri deildin debut against Víkingur as their team drew 2-2. Their team went on to win the 2019 Betri deildin.
Kalteng Putra
In 2019, Matsunaga signed for Kalteng Putra. They made their Liga 1 debut against Persebaya as their team drew 1-1. They scored their first goal for Kalteng scoring a long range goal against PSM Makassar as their team won 3-1.
Persipura Jayapura
In 2020, Matsunaga signed for Persipura. They made their debut for Persipura against PSIS Semarang as their team won 2-0.
Dordoi Bishkek
On 29 July 2022, Dordoi Bishkek announced the signing of Matsunaga on a contract until the end of the year.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
Honours
Klaksvíkar Ítróttarfelag
Betri deildin menn : 2019
References
1990 births
Living people
Japanese footballers
Japanese expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
I Lyga players
Esiliiga players
Meistriliiga players
Faroe Islands Premier League players
Liga 1 (Indonesia) players
Kyrgyz Premier League players
FK Utenis Utena players
JK Tallinna Kalev players
KÍ Klaksvík players
Kalteng Putra F.C. players
Persipura Jayapura players
FC Dordoi Bishkek players
Japanese expatriate sportspeople in Lithuania
Expatriate footballers in Lithuania
Japanese expatriate sportspeople in Estonia
Expatriate footballers in Estonia
Japanese expatriate sportspeople in the Faroe Islands
Expatriate footballers in the Faroe Islands
Japanese expatriate sportspeople in Indonesia
Expatriate footballers in Indonesia
Japanese expatriate sportspeople in Kyrgyzstan
Expatriate footballers in Kyrgyzstan
The Saratov single-member constituency (No. 163) is a Russian legislative constituency in the Saratov Oblast.
Members elected
Election results
1993
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color: "|
|align=left|Anatoly Gordeev
|align=left|Independent
|47,664
|17.95%
|-
|style="background-color:#0085BE"|
|align=left|Yevgeny Motorny
|align=left|Choice of Russia
| -
|12.30%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
| 265,487
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
1995
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color:blue" |
|align=left|Boris Gromov
|align=left|My Fatherland
|94,860
|29.09%
|-
|style="background-color: "|
|align=left|Anatoly Gordeev (incumbent)
|align=left|Communist Party
|86,524
|26.54%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Mikhail Chugunov
|align=left|Liberal Democratic Party
|26,070
|8.00%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Andrey Rossoshansky
|align=left|Our Home – Russia
|24,487
|7.51%
|-
|style="background-color:#1C1A0D"|
|align=left|Yevgeny Motorny
|align=left|Forward, Russia!
|24,075
|7.38%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Aleksandr Miroshin
|align=left|Independent
|10,533
|3.23%
|-
|style="background-color:#959698"|
|align=left|Vladimir Vlaskin
|align=left|Derzhava
|10,128
|3.11%
|-
|style="background-color:#265BAB"|
|align=left|Valentina Fomina
|align=left|Russian Lawyers' Association
|7,945
|2.44%
|-
|style="background-color:#2C299A"|
|align=left|Dmitry Oleynik
|align=left|Congress of Russian Communities
|4,510
|1.38%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Yuri Usynin
|align=left|Independent
|2,417
|0.74%
|-
|style="background-color:#DD137B"|
|align=left|Lev Ilyukhin
|align=left|Social Democrats
|1,902
|0.58%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Valery Sturov
|align=left|Independent
|1,514
|0.46%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Dmitry Sorokin
|align=left|Independent
|1,171
|0.36%
|-
|style="background-color:#000000"|
|colspan=2 |against all
|22,818
|7.00%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
| 326,049
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
1999
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color: "|
|align=left|Valery Rashkin
|align=left|Communist Party
|102,061
|31.66%
|-
|style="background-color:#3B9EDF"|
|align=left|Vyacheslav Maltsev
|align=left|Fatherland – All Russia
|47,652
|14.78%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Arkady Evstafyev
|align=left|Independent
|35,747
|11.09%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Mikhail Yakovlev
|align=left|Unity
|23,965
|7.43%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Vladimir Rodionov
|align=left|Independent
|21,829
|6.77%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Yuri Usynin
|align=left|Our Home – Russia
|17,786
|5.52%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Nikolay Razin
|align=left|Independent
|6,497
|2.02%
|-
|style="background-color:#FF4400"|
|align=left|Valentin Lubnin
|align=left|Andrei Nikolayev and Svyatoslav Fyodorov Bloc
|5,645
|1.75%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Oleg Proskurin
|align=left|Independent
|2,664
|0.83%
|-
|style="background-color:#C62B55"|
|align=left|Roman Torgashin
|align=left|Peace, Labour, May
|2,549
|0.79%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Vyacheslav Mineev
|align=left|Independent
|2,057
|0.64%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Spartak Tonakyan
|align=left|Independent
|2,040
|0.63%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Aleksandr Paradiz
|align=left|Independent
|1,118
|0.35%
|-
|style="background-color:#000000"|
|colspan=2 |against all
|44,323
|13.75%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
| 322,332
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
2003
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Vladislav Tretiak
|align=left|Independent
|68,096
|24.97%
|-
|style="background-color: "|
|align=left|Valery Rashkin (incumbent)
|align=left|Communist Party
|56,601
|20.76%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Aleksey Poleshchikov
|align=left|Independent
|48,465
|17.77%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Vyacheslav Maltsev
|align=left|Independent
|35,828
|13.14%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Dmitry Udalov
|align=left|Independent
|11,482
|4.21%
|-
|style="background-color:#C21022"|
|align=left|Oleg Kuznetsov
|align=left|Russian Pensioners' Party-Party of Social Justice
|5,779
|2.12%
|-
|style="background-color:#1042A5"|
|align=left|Vladimir Yuzhakov
|align=left|Union of Right Forces
|5,111
|1.87%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Aleksey Chernyshov
|align=left|Liberal Democratic Party
|4,188
|1.54%
|-
|style="background-color:#00A1FF"|
|align=left|Aleksandr Timoshok
|align=left|Party of Russia's Rebirth-Russian Party of Life
|1,760
|0.65%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Svetlana Oleynik
|align=left|Independent
|1,501
|0.55%
|-
|style="background-color:#DD137B"|
|align=left|Lev Ilyukhin
|align=left|Social Democratic Party
|1,011
|0.37%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Viktor Oshkin
|align=left|Independent
|830
|0.30%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Anatoly Volkov
|align=left|Independent
|779
|0.29%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Ruslan Miroshnichenko
|align=left|Russian Party of Labor
|620
|0.23%
|-
|style="background-color:#000000"|
|colspan=2 |against all
|26,640
|9.55%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
| 272,701
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
2016
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Oleg Grishchenko
|align=left|United Russia
|171,851
|53.9%
|-
|style="background-color: "|
|align=left|Aleksandr Anidalov
|align=left|Communist Party
|40,390
|12.7%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Anton Ishchenko
|align=left|Liberal Democratic Party
|34,507
|10.8%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Pavel Mironov
|align=left|A Just Russia
|24,328
|7.6%
|-
|style="background: #E62020;"|
|align=left|Viktor Safyanov
|align=left|Communists of Russia
|12,938
|4.1%
|-
|style="background: #0047AB;"|
|align=left|Dmitry Khanenko
|align=left|Party of Growth
|12,161
|3.8%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Dmitry Konnychev
|align=left|Yabloko
|11,847
|3.7%
|-
|style="background: #21421E;"|
|align=left|Aleksandr Frolov
|align=left|Greens
|6,346
|2.0%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Aleksandr Ledkov
|align=left|People's Freedom Party
|4,171
|1.3%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
2018
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Olga Alimova
|align=left|Communist Party
|35,400
|45.35%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Dmitry Pyanykh
|align=left|Liberal Democratic Party
|12,499
|16.01%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Svetlana Berezina
|align=left|A Just Russia
|10,101
|12.94%
|-
|style="background: " |
|align=left|Aleksandr Kargopolov
|align=left|Party of Pensioners
|7,934
|10.16%
|-
|style="background: #E62020;"|
|align=left|Aleksandr Grishantsov
|align=left|Communists of Russia
|5,310
|6.80%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Ksenia Sverdlova
|align=left|Yabloko
|4,110
|5.27%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
2021
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Vyacheslav Volodin
|align=left|United Russia
|173,322
|72.11%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Aleksandr Anidalov
|align=left|Communist Party
|38,534
|16.03%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Dmitry Pyanykh
|align=left|Liberal Democratic Party
|5,987
|2.49%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Aleksey Yemelyanov
|align=left|A Just Russia — For Truth
|5,478
|2.28%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Aleksandr Grishantsov
|align=left|Communists of Russia
|4,260
|1.77%
|-
|style="background-color: "|
|align=left|Yevgeny Savinov
|align=left|New People
|3,498
|1.46%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Aleksey Linev
|align=left|Party of Pensioners
|2,848
|1.18%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Dmitry Konnychev
|align=left|Yabloko
|1,977
|0.82%
|-
|style="background-color: "|
|align=left|Sergey Arzamastsev
|align=left|Rodina
|1,569
|0.65%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
| 240,362
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
Notes
Sources
163. Саратовский одномандатный избирательный округ
References
Russian legislative constituencies
Politics of Saratov Oblast
Sabino Canyon is a significant canyon located in the Santa Catalina Mountains and the Coronado National Forest north of Tucson, Arizona, United States. Sabino Canyon is a popular recreation area for residents and visitors of Southern Arizona, providing a place to walk, hike or ride. Minutes away from the desert are large waterfalls along Sabino Creek with minor bridges constructed over them. Wildlife in the canyon includes a range of animals. Some of which are deer, javelina, skunks, tortoises, rattlesnakes and mountain lions. Like most places in Arizona, there are also owls, and scorpion which are very common in Tucson hiking trails.
History and formation
The history of Sabino Canyon began with the formation of the Santa Catalina Mountains over 12 million years ago. Around 5 million B.C., the mountains ceased formation around the Tucson valley. Present-day varieties of plant life first appeared between 6,000 and 8,000 years ago, and some of the earliest human occupants of Sabino Canyon were the Native American Hohokam people.
The 1887 Sonora earthquake dislodged massive boulders lining the canyon walls, which came to rest in the valley below. In 1905 the newly created U.S. Forest Service began administering Sabino Canyon. During the Great Depression, the Works Progress Administration (WPA) and Emergency Relief Administration (ERA) built Sabino Dam and nine bridges over Sabino Creek in an attempt to build a road to the top of Mount Lemmon. The road travels about 4.5 miles into the canyon, but was not completed due to the steep terrain at the end of the canyon.
Shuttle
The first Shuttle in Sabino Canyon began operating in October, 1978. From that point forward, access by cars was restricted to allow visitors to reach Upper Sabino Canyon by foot, bicycle or Shuttle. Sabino Canyon Tours was founded in May 1985 and provides visitors the opportunity to experience the noted beauty of Sabino Canyon. The Shuttle was cancelled by the current US government in 2018 and reopened in March 2019, with closed-in electric shuttlebuses set to replace the former open scenic Shuttles. Summer/Fall 2019 is expected to see the return of new open scenic Shuttle all electrically run.
Flooding
On July 31, 2006, flooding from a thunderstorm washed out the bridge at Rattlesnake Creek (just beyond mile marker 1 and shuttle stop #1), restricting the tram to the road below this point. Many portions of the roadway above Rattlesnake Creek also received damage from the flooding, including silt and debris scattered onto it. Tram service was completely restored, with the tram being able to complete all nine stops.
Funding
Federal funding has increasingly not kept pace with the pressures that urbanization and over a million visitors a year have placed on Sabino Canyon. Friends of Sabino Canyon, an independent non-profit organization, was founded in 1993 to raise additional funds to preserve and enhance Sabino Canyon.
Friends of Sabino Canyon has provided nearly $500,000 for projects in Sabino Canyon, including trail rehabilitation in the aftermath of the Aspen Fire, a water well, educational exhibits in the visitor center, new entrance plaza facilities, research into bats, amphibians and reptiles, and the restoration of the original Lowell House Ranger Station and the historic depression-era bridges and other stonework.
Friends of Sabino Canyon holds an outdoor holiday concert, Music in the Canyon, every year to raise funds for its work, and its major donors are recognized on hand-painted tiles at the entrance to Sabino Canyon, reflecting a variety of southwestern themes.
Gallery
See also
Sabino High School
Molino Canyon
List of rivers of Arizona
References
External links
Friends of Sabino Canyon
Coronado National Forest
Birding Sabino Canyon
Hiking Sabino Canyon
Geology and Geological Hazards Field Trip of Sabino Canyon: Results of the July 2006 Storms
Santa Catalina Mountains
Canyons and gorges of Arizona
Geography of Tucson, Arizona
Rivers of Pima County, Arizona
Landmarks in Tucson, Arizona
Protected areas of Pima County, Arizona
Tourist attractions in Tucson, Arizona
Coronado National Forest
Rivers of Arizona
Bourbon County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2010 census, the population was 19,985. Its county seat is Paris. Bourbon County is part of the Lexington–Fayette, KY Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is one of Kentucky's nine original counties, and is best known for its historical association with bourbon whiskey.
History
Old Bourbon
Bourbon County was established in 1785 from a portion of Fayette County, Virginia, and named after the French House of Bourbon, in gratitude for Louis XVI of France's assistance during the American Revolutionary War.
Bourbon County, Virginia, originally comprised 34 of Kentucky's 120 current ones, including the current Bourbon County. This larger area later became known as Old Bourbon. Bourbon became part of the new state of Kentucky when it was admitted to the Union in 1792.
Birthplace of Bourbon whiskey
Whiskey was an early product of the area, and whiskey barrels from the area were marked Old Bourbon when they were shipped downriver from the local port on the Ohio River. As it was made mostly from corn (maize), it had a distinctive flavor, and the name bourbon came to be used to distinguish it from other regional whiskey styles, such as Monongahela, a product of western Pennsylvania, which may have generally been a rye whiskey. The use of the term Old in the phrase Old Bourbon, was likely misconstrued as a reference to the aging of the whiskey rather than part of the name of the geographic area. The port, originally known as Limestone, now Maysville, was in Bourbon County until the borders were redrawn in 1789 when it became part of the Mason County of Virginia, and it is now in Mason County, Kentucky. Thirty-four modern Kentucky counties were once part of the original Bourbon County, including the current county of that name.
Except for a few distilleries that were authorized to produce it for medicinal purposes, the bourbon industry was wiped out in 1919 when Prohibition took effect. Kentucky adopted prohibition a year earlier than the national prohibition. Within the boundaries of Bourbon County as it stands today there were, by some counts, 26 distilleries. All of these were shut down in 1919, and no distilleries resumed operation there until late 2014, a period of 95 years. At present, alcohol production and sales in Kentucky are regulated by a patchwork of laws which the Kentucky Supreme Court called a "maze of obscure statutory language".
Courthouse
The courthouse was destroyed by fire in 1872 and 1901, resulting in the loss of county records. The current courthouse is the county's fourth.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water.
There are no sizable lakes in the county, although there are several streams. Primary among This is Stoner Creek, on which the county seat is situated. This large stream is a principal tributary of the South Fork of the Licking River.
The county's topography is predominantly gently rolling hills. Due to agricultural development, very little of the county's land area can be characterized as forested, though deciduous trees are a common feature of the landscape.
Adjacent counties
Harrison County (northwest)
Nicholas County (northeast)
Bath County (east)
Montgomery County (southeast)
Clark County (south)
Fayette County (southwest)
Scott County (west)
Demographics
According to the United States Census Bureau estimate of 2019, there were 19,788 people and 8,128 households residing in the county. The population density was . There were 8,349 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 90.38% White, 6.94% Black or African American, 0.15% Native American, 0.14% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 1.36% from other races, and 1.02% from two or more races. 2.60% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 7,681 households, out of which 32.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.70% were married couples living together, 12.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.10% were non-families. 24.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.95.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.00% under the age of 18, 8.10% from 18 to 24, 28.60% from 25 to 44, 24.70% from 45 to 64, and 13.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,038, and the median income for a family was $42,294. Males had a median income of $30,989 versus $23,467 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,335. About 12.30% of families and 14.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.10% of those under age 18 and 11.90% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
For most of the 20th century Bourbon county was a fairly reliable Democratic county. However, since the dawn of the 21st century it has now become a solidly Republican county.
Communities
Cane Ridge
Centerville
Clintonville
Little Rock
Millersburg
North Middletown
Paris (county seat)
Ruddles Mills
Notable people
Mitchell Dazey (1820–1896), Illinois politician and farmer; was born in Bourbon County.
Mary Rootes Thornton McAboy (1815–1892), poet
See also
Bourbon County, Kansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bourbon County, Kentucky
References
Kentucky counties
Lexington–Fayette metropolitan area
1785 establishments in Virginia
Populated places established in 1785
Former counties of Virginia
Raju Patel (1960–October 9, 2005) was a Hollywood film producer and director. They have produced films like Bachelor Party and The Jungle Book.
Filmography
Patel was born in Kenya. Their father Sharad Patel was in the film business and had produced and directed the film Rise and Fall of Idi Amin. Patel moved to London to study film making and graduated from the London Film School. Patel moved to California at the age of 21. In 1984 they teamed up with their father and at the age 23 they produced the Tom Hanks starter Bachelor Party. It was one of Tom Hanks first films in a comic role. The film went on to be a success and made on a budget of US$6 million, it grossed over US$40 million at the box-office. In 1985 Patel decided to try their hand at direction and directed the film In the Shadow of Kilimanjaro. In 1994 they teamed up with Walt Disney Studios to produce Rudyard Kipling's The Jungle Book. In 1996 they produced The Adventures of Pinocchio. In 1997 they teamed up with Mark Damon to produce The Second Jungle Book: Mowgli & Baloo. In 1999 they produced The New Adventures of Pinocchio. In 2003 they were an executive producer on the film 11:14. Patel had also co-produced a Bollywood film called Kaante which starred Amitabh Bachchan, Sanjay Dutt and was directed by Sanjay Gupta. Patel also worked with pop singer Michael Jackson and Mark Damon to set up the film company called Neverland Pictures. In 1996 Patel was honoured with membership to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences.
Personal life
Patel was married to Dimple Kumar, the daughter of actor Rajendra Kumar, and the couple had two children.
Death
Patel died on October 9, 2005 at Long Beach Memorial Medical Center in Long Beach after a two-year battle with colon cancer.
Filmography
They were producer for all films unless otherwise noted.
Film
As director
Thanks
References
External links
1960 births
2005 deaths
Film producers from California
Deaths from cancer in California
The Great Synagogue in Slonim () or simply the Slonim Synagogue () is a 17th-century baroque former synagogue building in Slonim, Belarus.
History
The synagogue was the main religious building of Slonim's then numerous and influential Jewish community. The building was erected in 1642 and was initially part of the town's fortifications system.
In 1881 the synagogue was heavily damaged in a fire.
During the Second World War, almost the entire Jewish population of Slonim was murdered by the Nazis in the Holocaust. The building was left untouched by the German Luftwaffe during World War II, but has subsequently deteriorated. After the war, the Communist administration used the building as a furniture warehouse.
In 2001, after the restoration of the independence of Belarus, the building was returned to the Belarusian Jewish community.
Current state
The synagogue is standing but in a dilapidated condition.Late December 2020 the individual from Minsk has bought the synagogue at the auction and opened the Saving Heritage foundation to help the Great synagogue in Slonim to survive.
Restoration project
Under an initiative of the Kaplinsky family, a steering group for the conservation of the synagogue was established through the Foundation for Jewish Heritage to restore the Slonim Synagogue and to make it a “major educational facility, cross-cultural meeting place, memorial, place of worship, and a cultural centre ensuring that the Great Synagogue has a sustainable future”. The steering group includes Britons and Americans with family links to the Jewish community of Slonim and the architect Tszwai So. On 29 December 2020 the Synagogue was sold at public auction to a writer and musician Ilona Ioanna Reeves.
Gallery
See also
Anshe Slonim Synagogue in the Lower East Side of Manhattan, New York
Slonim (Hasidic dynasty)
References
Synagogue in Slonim 2021
Slonim synagogue
Slonim synagogue history
Ioanna Reeves article for “Tsaytshrift” journal of Jewish studies (European Humanities University)
Slonim Synagogue and Ioanna Reeves
External links
Synagogues in Belarus
Baroque synagogues
17th-century synagogues
Slonim
Monsoon is the tenth studio album by Australian group, Little River Band, with Glenn Shorrock returning as lead singer after John Farnham left the group to release their solo album Whispering Jack. The album was released in May 1988 and peaked at number 9 on the Kent Music Report Albums Chart.
Track listing
"It's Cold Out Tonight" (Graham Goble) – 4:38
"Parallel Lines" (Glenn Shorrock, J.C. Crowley) – 3:23
"Love Is a Bridge" (Graham Goble, Stephen Housden) – 4:04
"The Rhythm King" (Derek Pellicci, John Capek) – 4:25
"Face in the Crowd" (Graham Goble) – 4:45
"A Cruel Madness" (Graham Goble) – 4:50
"Inside Story" (David Scheibner, Derek Pellicci, Graham Goble, Housden, Steven Cristol, Wayne Nelson) – 4:40
"Son of a Famous Man" (Derek Pellicci, Graham Goble, Housden, Wayne Nelson) –4:49
"Soul Searching" (Glenn Shorrock, Peter Beckett) – 4:22
"Great Unknown" (Glenn Shorrock, John Boylan) – 4:56
"Shadow in the Rain" (Graham Goble) – 3:56
Personnel
Glenn Shorrock - vocals, keyboards
Graham Goble - guitar, vocals
Stephen Housden - lead guitar
Wayne Nelson - bass, lead vocals on "Inside Story"
Derek Pellicci - drums
Additional musicians
Chong Lim - synthesizer
Jai Winding - piano
John Kapek - keyboards
Paulinho da Costa - percussion
Production
John Boylan - producer
Ian McKenzie - engineer
Michael Wickow, Paul Grupp - additional engineers
Barry Conley, Jim Champagne, Leanne Vallence, Leslie Ann Jones, Paul Wertheimer - assistant engineers
Wally Traugott - mastering
Charts
References
1988 albums
Little River Band albums
Albums produced by John Boylan (record producer)
MCA Records albums
Sker Point is a headland in Bridgend County Borough on the South Wales coast between Port Talbot and Porthcawl. It marks the south end of Kenfig Sands. The placename Sker is of Old Norse origin, and means skerry.
On April 23, 1947 the Samtampa, a liberty ship, was wrecked at Sker Point. Them crew of 39 perished and all eight volunteer crewmen of the Mumbles RNLI lifeboat were lost while attempting to rescue them. There is a memorial plaque set into the rocks of Sker Point.
Sker Point is also the title of a song by the Welsh heavy metal band Triaxis.
References
External links
Report of the shipwreck
Headlands of Bridgend County Borough
The Winchelsea Football & Netball Club, nicknamed the Blues, is an Australian rules football and netball club based in the town of Winchelsea, Victoria.
The club teams currently compete in the Geelong & District Football League, since 2002.
History
The Winchelsea Football Club was founded in 1876.
It was a founding club of the Polwarth Football Association in 1923.
It was a founding club of the Bellarine Football League in 1971.
It played in the Colac & District Football League from 1983 to 2001.
It got admission to the Geelong DFL in 2002
Premierships
1896, 1897, 1910, 1911, 1912, 1913, 1914, 1924, 1926, 1932, 1937, 1938, 1939, 1951, 1957, 1960, 1969, 1970, 1987.
Grandstand
The grandstand was designed by Walter Burley Griffin and is heritage listed.
Bibliography
Cat Country - History of Football In The Geelong Region - John Stoward -
References
External links
Facebook page
Geelong & District Football League clubs
Sport clubs established in 1876
Australian rules football clubs established in 1876
1876 establishments in Australia
Netball teams in Victoria (Australia)
Anthony Melchiorri is a hospitality expert and television personality.  They are the creator, co-executive producer, and host of the Travel Channel's hotel turnaround show Hotel Impossible.
Early life and education
Melchiorri was born in Brooklyn, New York and raised in the New York City's borough's Sheepshead Bay neighborhood. They served in the U.S. Air Force.
Career
Melchiorri's first job in the hospitality industry was at the Embassy Suites as a night auditor in Overland Park, Kansas. Ten months later they became a night manager at New York City's Plaza Hotel. Over the next four years they worked their way up to the position of Director of Front Office Operations. After an 11-year-old girl came into the Plaza and asked him, "Mister, where's Eloise?", they and Randee Glick created the hotel's Eloise tour.
They were appointed general manager of the Lucerne Hotel on the Upper West Side of New York City. Under their direction the Lucerne was selected as the New York Times Travel Guide's Best Service Hotel.
In 2005 they left the Lucerne to become general manager of New York's historic Algonquin Hotel. After convincing the owners to close the Algonquin for 29 days, they oversaw a $15 million full renovation of the building and its image, restoring it to the glory days of the famous Algonquin Round Table. They updated the rooms, repositioned the restaurants, and earned the hotel a high rating as a Michelin Guide Hotel. They orchestrated publicity campaigns such as the Algonquin's "$10,000 Martini", won a Hospitality Sales & Marketing Association International "Best of Show Award", and promoted the renovated hotel overall. They helped manage the Nickelodeon Hotel and Resort. They became first vice president of Tishman Hotels and later the senior vice president of New York Hotel Management Company. In this capacity, they helped to develop a 310 all-suite hotel in Times Square.
Melchiorri then founded their own hotel management and consultancy, Argeo Hospitality.
Hotel Impossible
Melchiorri was an executive producer of the 2008 Lifetime cable-movie Wisegal which stars Alyssa Milano. Melchiorri and fellow Wisegal executive producer Leo Rossi, whom they knew from the hospitality industry, developed Melchiorri's idea for a hotel-improvement show. It became the Travel Channel series Hotel Impossible. Each episode features a hotel with problems that they and their team must deal with in less than a week. The series debuted in 2012 and ran for eight seasons. They hosted Extreme Hotels for its two seasons.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
American television hosts
Park University alumni
People from Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn
Algonquin Round Table
Platysteira is a genus of bird in the family Platysteiridae.
It contains the following species:
Black-throated wattle-eye, Platysteira peltata
Black-necked wattle-eye, Platysteira chalybea
Banded wattle-eye, Platysteira laticincta
Chestnut wattle-eye, Platysteira castanea
West African wattle-eye, Platysteira hormophora
Brown-throated wattle-eye, Platysteira cyanea
Jameson's wattle-eye, Platysteira jamesoni
Red-cheeked wattle-eye, Platysteira blissetti
White-fronted wattle-eye, Platysteira albifrons
White-spotted wattle-eye, Platysteira tonsa
Yellow-bellied wattle-eye, Platysteira concreta
Platysteiridae
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Salim Idris ( Salīm Idrīs) (born 1958) is the former Chief of Staff of the Supreme Military Council (SMC) of the Syrian National Army, a Syrian armed opposition group. They have a PhD in "electronic radars" and speaks five languages, including English. An East German-trained electronics professor, they were a general in the Syrian Army when they defected in July 2012. Idris is widely considered representing the moderate elements of Syria's armed opposition, as armed opposition leaders under their leadership have subscribed to the pro-democracy Proclamation of Principles.
Military activities
Idris was elected as the Chief of Staff of the Supreme Military Council following its establishment in a conference held in Turkey on 15 December 2012. At the conference, over 550 members of the Syrian revolutionary council, brigades, and battalion commands elected 261 representatives to form the Revolutionary Force Authority. Thirty members were elected to form the SMC, which includes five combat Fronts covering Syria's 14 provinces.
In December 2013, Idris was initially reportedly driven out of their headquarters in northern Syria by the Islamic Front into exile in Doha, Qatar, but U.S. officials later said they were in Turkey throughout the incursion. However, the FSA has denied that Idris has left Syria. A few days later, Syrian National Coalition (SNC) Chief of Staff Monzer Akbik said that Idris "has failed to make an institution, I don't think everything can continue in the same way."
Idris was removed from their position as Chief-of-Staff of the FSA's Supreme Military Council in an announcement on 16 February 2014. They were replaced with Brigadier General Abdul-Ilah al-Bashir.
Political activities
Idris has become increasingly engaged with soliciting aid from Western nations since their initial request of specialized training and non-lethal material support from the United States in February 2013. On 30 April 2013 the United States began deliveries of ready-to-eat rations and Warrior Aid and Litter Kits (WALK) to the Free Syrian Army under the oversight of Idris, in what was the first U.S. delivery of tangible aid to Syria's armed opposition.
In May 2013, U.S. Senator John McCain crossed into Syria from Turkey to meet with Idris. Idris has issued letters and statements to Secretary of State John Kerry, President Barack Obama, and the United Nations Security Council to encourage international intervention and support in the ongoing Syrian Civil War. In an 8 June 2013 interview with the New York Times, Idris outlined that continued international support for the Free Syrian Army, including "game-changing weapons," were required as a precondition for their attendance at planned negotiations with Bashar al-Assad in Geneva.
In 2019 Idris was appointed to the post of Minister of Defence of the Syrian Interim Government and was thus appointed as commander-in-chief of the Syrian National Army. As such, they led the SNA into the 2019 Turkish offensive into north-eastern Syria, alongside the Turkish Armed Forces. Idris stated that Turkey-backed Syrian rebels "stand in full force in support of our Turkish brothers in fighting all forms of terrorism represented by the PKK gangs."
References
1958 births
Living people
Syrian generals
Defectors to the Free Syrian Army
People from Homs Governorate
Sleeper Catcher is the fourth studio album by the Little River Band, released in April 1978. It peaked at No. 4 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart and No. 16 on the Billboard 200. The album was certified Platinum by the RIAA in May 1979.
At the Australian 1978 King of Pop Awards the album won Most Popular Australian Album.
The band is shown on the cover of the album playing the Australian game Two-up, and the Sleeper Catcher is a participant who retrieves bets left behind by a tardy gambler in the game.
This is the band's last album to feature George McArdle on bass.
Track listing
Australian version
Side A
"Fall from Paradise" (Beeb Birtles/Graham Goble) - 3:59
"Lady" (Graham Goble) - 4:56
"Red-Headed Wild Flower" (Beeb Birtles/Ed Nimmervoll) - 4:35
"Light of Day" (Beeb Birtles) - 8:03
Side B
"So Many Paths" (Glenn Shorrock/Idris Jones) - 4:24
"Reminiscing" (Graham Goble) - 4:13
"Sanity's Side" (Glenn Shorrock/Chris Dawes) - 4:14
"Shut Down Turn Off" (Glenn Shorrock) - 3:51
"One for the Road" (Beeb Birtles/Graham Goble) - 4:01
American version
Side A
"Shut Down Turn Off" (Glenn Shorrock) - 3:51
"Reminiscing" (Graham Goble) - 4:13
"Red-Headed Wild Flower" (Beeb Birtles/Ed Nimmervoll) - 4:35
"Light of Day" (Beeb Birtles) - 8:03
Side B
"Fall from Paradise" (Beeb Birtles/Graham Goble) - 3:59
"Lady" (Graham Goble) - 4:56
"Sanity's Side" (Glen Shorrock/Chris Dawes) - 4:14
"So Many Paths" (Glen Shorrock/Idris Jones) - 4:24
"One for the Road" (Beeb Birtles/Graham Goble) - 4:01
Bonus tracks in the 1996 reissue
"Take Me Home" (Beeb Birtles) - 3:49
"Changed and Different" (Graham Goble) - 4:02
Personnel
Glenn Shorrock - lead vocals
David Briggs - lead and Roland synthesizer guitars
Beeb Birtles - electric and acoustic guitars, vocals
Graham Goble - electric and acoustic guitars, vocals, vocal arrangements
George McArdle - bass
Derek Pellicci - Sonor and Syndrums drums, percussion
Additional musicians
Vernon Hill - flute
Bob Venier - flugelhorn
Pam Raines - harp
Peter Sullivan - electric and acoustic pianos
Peter Jones - electric piano (2)
Mal Logan - Hammond organ
Rick Formosa - conductor, orchestral arrangements
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
1978 albums
Little River Band albums
Albums produced by John Boylan (record producer)
EMI Records albums
Harvest Records albums
Giovanni de Martino (3/13 January 1870 – 3 March 1935) was an Italian sculptor. They made sentimental bronzes, often of street boys, fishermen or women.
De Martino was born in Naples on 3 or 13 January 1870, and studied at the Reale Istituto di Belle Arti there, under Gioacchino Toma and Stanislao Lista.
They spent some time in Paris, where they made small groups of figures. In 1900 they won a prize at the Salon de Paris for a bronze of a fisherman. After their return to Naples their work tended towards social realism.
They died in Naples on 3 March 1935.
Art market
At a Sotheby's New York auction in 2008, Giovanni De Martino 's Fishermen (1930), a bronze sculpture, was sold for 7.500 US Dollars plus auction fees.
References
1870 births
1935 deaths
Artists from Naples
19th-century Italian sculptors
Italian male sculptors
20th-century Italian sculptors
20th-century Italian male artists
19th-century Italian male artists
The Egyptian Social Democratic Party (, ) is a social liberal and a social democratic party in Egypt. It was founded after the 2011 Egyptian Revolution by the merger of two minor liberal parties, the Liberal Egyptian Party, and the Egyptian Democratic Party on 29 March 2011.
Notable founding members include Mohamed Abou El-Ghar, filmmaker Daoud Abdel Sayed, activist Amr Hamzawy, Mervat Tallawy, former UN under-secretary and executive secretary of ESCWA and Hazem Al Beblawi, former executive secretary of the ESCWA. However, Amr Hamzawy resigned from the party in April to form the Freedom Egypt Party on 18 May 2011.
In August 2012, the party was admitted into the Socialist International as a consultative member.
The Egyptian Social Democratic Party and the Tagammu Party ran in the 2012 Shura council election as part of the Egyptian Bloc. The division of seats between the two parties in the Shura Council is unclear.
The party was accepted into the Party of European Socialists (PES) on 18 February 2013.
Following the removal of Mohamed Morsi from office in July 2013, a founding member of the Social Democratic Party named Ziad Bahaa El-Din was reportedly offered the post of Prime Minister. Younes Makhioun, chairperson of the Nour Party, objected to Bahaa El-Din's appointment and to the involvement of Mohamed ElBaradei, because both of them belong to the same political coalition (the National Salvation Front). However, later another founding member of the Social Democratic Party named Hazem Al Beblawi was appointed as interim prime minister on 9 July. They subsequently suspended their membership in the Social Democratic Party. Their cabinet was sworn in on 16 July 2013.
References
External links
Political parties established in 2011
Liberal parties in Egypt
Secularism in Egypt
Social democratic parties in Africa
Social democratic parties in Asia
Social liberal parties
Liberal parties in Asia
2011 establishments in Egypt
Progressive Alliance
Full member parties of the Socialist International
Socialist parties in Egypt
The Avenues are an affluent neighborhood in Salt Lake City, Utah. It is named after the perfectly gridlike, closely laid out roads called Avenues (numbers, 1st - 18th) and Streets (letters, A - V). First surveyed in the 1850s, the Avenues became Salt Lake City's first neighborhood. Today, the Avenues neighborhood is generally considered younger, more progressive, and somewhat "artsy" when compared to other neighborhoods. Many young professionals choose to live there due to the culture and easy commute to downtown.. It is also one of the most important strongholds of the Utah Democratic Party.
Layout and geography
The Avenues neighborhood lies on the "north east bench" of the Wasatch Mountains in Salt Lake City. The southern boundary of the Avenues is South Temple Street (1st Avenue is the next street north). Heading north, the Avenues neighborhood is built up onto the lower slopes of the mountains.
The north-south roads in the Avenues, which slope up the hillside, begin at Canyon Road and then are lettered from "A" to "U" Street and then "Virginia Street", from west to east. The fairly level east-west roads are numbered 1st to 18th Avenues heading northward from South Temple Street. The rigid grid system breaks down around 13th Avenue, as more recent developments farther north have taken a more serpentine bend. The 'major' streets used more for through-traffic, particularly for their connections at South Temple Street to city arteries, are B, E, I, and Virginia; the 'major' avenues are 2nd, 3rd, 6th, 11th, and 13th.
The Avenues lie just northeast of downtown Salt Lake City and just east—over City Creek Canyon—from Capitol Hill. The neighborhood to the east of the lower (below 11th) Avenues, known as Federal Heights, is traditionally thought of as beginning north of South Temple Street and East of Virginia Street. While physically part of the Avenues, the Federal Heights neighborhood may be considered as generally more affluent than the Avenues, with larger, more stately homes. To the north of Federal Heights is a more recently developed area called Arlington Hills. Compared to the neighborhoods to the east, the Avenues are in places quite steep as they climb the foothills to the north.
The large Salt Lake City Cemetery occupies a significant portion of the eastern Avenues below 11th Avenue and abuts Lindsey Gardens (park). To the north of 11th Avenue is the 11th Avenue Park, west of Terrace Hills, a major north-south street leading into the upper Avenues.
The "lower Avenues" (below 11th or 13th) is a neighborhood of mostly older Victorian-era houses, at one time popular with younger homeowners looking for affordable "fixer-uppers". In recent years a large renovation boom has swept the area. As fixer-uppers are diminishing, it has become less affordable to the younger crowd. There are numerous apartment buildings dotting the lower Avenues also. The Avenues are also especially popular due to its proximity to downtown, the large and remote Memory Grove/City Creek Canyon recreation area to the west, the University of Utah to the east/southeast, and the airport, as well as low traffic and minimal commercial development. The more significant non-residential developments are a supermarket with a few small shops and a State Liquor Store comprising the block between E and F Streets and 5th and 6th Avenue, a few small businesses throughout the Avenues, and the LDS Hospital complex comprising the blocks of 7th Avenue to 9th Avenue between C and D Streets, with additional doctors offices between 9th and 10th Avenue between C and D Streets. Shriners Hospital for Children is located on the east side of Virginia Street bordering 11th Avenue. Popperton Park is at the northeast corner of Virginia and 11th Avenue. A small city library branch is at 9th Avenue and F Street. There are several schools and churches within the Avenues, as well as a large funeral home and mausoleum on the north side of 11th Avenue just west of Virginia street. The Ronald McDonald House is on the north side of South Temple between M and N Streets, where it will soon expand with buildings along the entire block facing South Temple. Other office buildings are found on the north side of South Temple between A Street and Virginia.
History
The Avenues were the first section of Salt Lake City to deviate from the original ten acre (40,000 m²) block grid pattern. Blocks were one half the dimension of the original grid, making them 2.5 acres (10,000 m²). Streets and sidewalks were narrower too, meaning that the Avenues' streets match poorly to the original blocks at the base of the neighborhood along South Temple Street. The first lots were surveyed in the early 1850s, but the Avenues' deviant platting violated the law. The territorial legislature had to pass a new survey ordinance for the Avenues, which they did in 1860.
Originally, all of the streets were named. North-south streets were named for trees, and east-west streets had names like "Fruit", "Garden", "Bluff", and "Wall" (for what are now 2nd through 5th avenue respectively). By 1885 the north-south streets gained their current alphabetical designations (A Street through V Street, although V was turned into Virginia Street). However, the east-west streets were still known as Streets. They were not retitled into Avenues until 1907. Up until that time, the area was known as "the dry bench" because it lacked water.
Until 1884, residents in the northeastern Avenues had to haul water for everyday use. Protests prompted the city to install pipelines along 6th Avenue, but those living in the higher Avenues would be without water until 1908.
In spite of water problems, the Avenues proved to be an attractive residential neighborhood. In the southwest Avenues, artisans could live very close to downtown. In the east Avenues, "Butcherville" sprang up after slaughterhouses relocated to the east side in 1860.
Transportation was a major draw for settlement in the Avenues. The Salt Lake Railway Company offered mule and horse-drawn trolley rides in the Avenues by 1872, and the trolleys became electric in 1889. Salt Lake Rapid Transit Company incorporated in 1890 and the companies competed fiercely until merging in 1903. The trolley system expanded to other parts of the city as the Utah Light and Traction Company, but rail lines were denser in the Avenues than any other part of the city save downtown. The tracks were removed in the 1940s after National City Lines acquired (and dismantled) the trolley lines.
At the turn of the century, the neighborhood was a predominant middle- and upper-middle class trolley suburb, home to many professionals. Developers, including future president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) Heber J. Grant, promoted Avenues home ownership.
The old Primary Children's Hospital was located in the avenues.
With the rise of other, more affluent neighborhoods like Federal Heights, the Avenues became less popular. By the 1960s, deterioration was evident as landlords often found it economically advantageous to let properties go neglected. Most homes, built between about 1880 and 1920, showed their age, and the community dealt with increasing problems with transients. In response to these problems, residents formed the Greater Avenues Community Council (GACC) to help revitalize and restore livability to the neighborhood. Today the neighborhood has been revitalized and is considered by many to be one of Salt Lake's most desirable neighborhoods.
Avenues Historic District
The Avenues Historic District is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It included 143 contributing buildings and one contributing site, Brigham Young's Grave.
The Barlow House, a brick Queen Anne style house in the district, has a twin that was built out in a rural area, the Amanda Conk Best House in Millcreek, Utah, also NRHP-listed.
Also the Arthur O. Clark House at 1059 East 3rd Avenue, built in 1895, is a mirror copy of the Oscar M. Booth House, built in 1893 in Nephi, Utah by carpenter Oscar M. Booth.
References
Haglund, Karl T. & Notarianni, Philip F. (1980). The Avenues of Salt Lake City. Salt Lake City: Utah State Historical Society.
External links
Greater Avenues Community Council website
Neighborhoods in Salt Lake City
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Utah
National Register of Historic Places in Salt Lake City
Italian Social Democratic Party may refer to:
Italian Democratic Socialist Party (Partito Socialista Democratico Italiano), Italian political party that existed between 1947 and 1998.
Social Democracy (Democrazia Sociale), Italian political party (that existed between 1922 and 1926) officially named Partito Democratico Sociale Italiano.
Social Democrats (Socialdemocratici), Italian political party that established in 2022.
Çukurova is a large fertile plain in the Cilicia region of southern Turkey.
Çukurova may also refer to
Çukurova, Adana, a municipality in Greater Adana, Turkey
Çukurova (construction firm), based in Istanbul, Turkey
See also
Captain John Joseph Holland was a shipbuilder in the Pacific Northwest in the late 19th century. Among the vessels they built at their yards were the sternwheel steamboat Fairhaven in 1889, and, in 1890, the famous sternwheeler Bailey Gatzert.
Early life
Captain Holland was born in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada on April 15, 1843. They learned their trade as a shipbuilder at Saint John. From age 23 to 25 there are records of them sailing as an able-bodied seaman on multiple trips between Saint John and Liverpool and London.
They emigrated to the United States and moved to The Dalles, Oregon on the Columbia River. They found a job with the Oregon Railway and Navigation Company, and married Anna J. Foster there. Holland later moved to Portland, Oregon with the same company, where they became the Chief Builder. While working in Portland, they built the steamships Wide West, R.R. Thompson, Idaho, Daisy Ainsworth, Rainier, and Emma Hayward.. Captain Holland's half-brother, Phillip, was with them in Oregon and also involved in shipping. Unfortunately, they were mortally injured in a collision between the steam launch Mikado and an Oregon and California Railroad ferry on October 26, 1886. They died 65 days later.
Puget Sound years
After years on the Columbia River, Holland had developed a specialty in shallow-draft and coastal vessels, especially river craft. They moved to Tacoma, Washington in 1887 where they built a number of such vessels including the steamers State of Washington, Skagit Chief, and Fairhaven. In 1889 they moved again, this time to Ballard, Washington, where they started a new shipyard on Salmon Bay. In December 1889 they employed a gang of men to remove stumps and level the site on Shilshole Avenue before ship building could begin. In 1890 their shipyard employed 23 workers. In this new yard they built Monte Cristo, Bailey Gatzert, Cascade and Frances Henry. Their Ballard shipyard also repaired vessels including Henry Bailey, Josephine, Fanny Lake, Wasco, Mabel, Detroit, and State of Washington.
Decline and death
In 1892 they were commissioned to build a steamer for Yukon River service. They produced the parts of the ship, Portus B. Weare, in Ballard and then traveled to the St. Michael, Alaska trading post of the North American Transportation and Trading Company to assemble the ship. Presumably, the river craft was deemed unseaworthy to make the ocean crossing from Ballard to the Yukon.
Holland, sailed north on July 6, 1892 on Alice Blanchard, with a crew of builders from their shipyard, parts for the new steamer, and Portus B. Weare, an executive of the company for whom the ship was named. The ship was launched September 17, 1892. Living in a tent on St. Michael, Holland was taken ill and returned to Ballard in October in poor health. In December they contracted typhoid fever. While recovering, they died of pneumonia on January 28, 1893. They left behind their wife and six children, ages 18 to 1 1/2.
References
American shipbuilders
Shipbuilding in Washington (state)
Maritime history of Washington (state)
1843 births
1892 deaths
Pre-Confederation Canadian emigrants to the United States
The stipplethroats are a South and Central American genus of passerine birds in the antbird family Thamnophilidae. They were previously included in the genus Myrmotherula as the "stipple-throated group".
Characteristics
Molecular studies show that the genus Myrmotherula as then defined was polyphyletic. The stipple-throated members form a clade that is not a sister clade to any of the remaining members, and the genus Epinecrophylla has been erected to accommodate them. The stipple-throated species have a black and white (or buffy-white) stippled throat in one or both of the sexes. They also have a relatively long, plain-coloured tail. That this clade is distinct from the remaining members of the Myrmotherula is reinforced by differences in song, foraging behaviour and nest-building.
Ecology
Members of the genus Epinecrophylla tend to specialise in extracting insects and spiders from dangling clusters of dead leaves, foraging in this way for more than 75% of the time. While foraging they have stereotyped methods of manipulating the leaves with their beaks and feet; by way of contrast, members of Myrmotherula tend to hunt for prey on the surfaces of leaves, stems, twigs, mosses and vines, and none of those birds specialises in and manipulates dead leaves, although they do sometimes probe them with their beaks. Another characteristic of Epinecrophylla seems to be the dome-shaped nest with side or oblique entrance; three of the species have this characteristic, while the nesting behaviours of the other members of the genus are not known.
Species
The genus contains eight species:
Checker-throated stipplethroat (Epinecrophylla fulviventris)
Brown-bellied stipplethroat (Epinecrophylla gutturalis)
White-eyed stipplethroat (Epinecrophylla leucophthalma)
Rufous-backed stipplethroat (Epinecrophylla haematonota)
Rio Madeira stipplethroat (Epinecrophylla amazonica)
Foothill stipplethroat (Epinecrophylla spodionota)
Ornate stipplethroat (Epinecrophylla ornata)
Rufous-tailed stipplethroat (Epinecrophylla erythrura)
References
is a Japanese politician of the Liberal Democratic Party, a member of the House of Councillors in the Diet (national legislature). A native of Niigata Prefecture, they attended Kyoto University and received a master's degree in engineering from it. After working at the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, They were elected to the House of Councillors for the first time in 2007.
References
External links
Official website in Japanese.
Members of the House of Councillors (Japan)
Living people
1947 births
Liberal Democratic Party (Japan) politicians
Smitten is a 1998 album by Buffalo Tom. It was their only album for Polydor Records.
Singer/guitarist Bill Janovitz said that, as the band members looked over demos in preparation for the album, they noticed that keyboards were taking a larger role in their songs than before.
Early in the process of putting the album together, the band spent time working with guitarist/keyboardist Tom Gorman, most well known as a member of Belly. Gorman pointed out that the band would probably be better served by a traditional keyboardist. Gorman was replaced by Phil Aiken after Janovitz spied their classified ad in a local weekly.
The album was produced by David Bianco, who was sought out by the band after being impressed by their work with Teenage Fanclub.
Track listing
"Rachael" - 3:00
"Postcard" - 5:02
"Knot in It" - 5:23
"The Bible" - 4:31
"Scottish Windows" - 4:19
"White Paint Morning" - 3:17
"Wiser" - 4:54
"See to Me" - 2:57
"Register Side" - 4:16
"Do You In" - 4:45
"Under Milk Wood" - 3:50
"Walking Wounded" - 3:49
All songs by Buffalo Tom.
Personnel
Bill Janovitz - vocals, guitar
Chris Colbourn - bass
Tom Maginnis - drums
Charts
References
Buffalo Tom albums
1998 albums
Beggars Banquet Records albums
Rüstem Pasha Caravanserai (), also known as Taşhan, is a caravanserai located in Yakutiye district of Erzurum, eastern Turkey, built by Ottoman statesman and grand vizier Rüstem Pasha in 1561.
Location
Rüstem Pasha Caravanserai is located on Menderes Street at Fevziye neighborhood in Yakutiye district of Erzurum, eastern Turkey.
History
The caravanserai was commissioned by Rüstem Pasha (c. 1500–1561), Ottoman statesman and grand vizier of Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent (reigned 1520–1566). Completed in 1561, it served the travelers and met all their needs day and night. It contained a hospice, a small mosque, resting places, shops, stables for keeping camels, donkeys, oxen, buffaloes and horses. Not all of the original building parts survived. The inscription over the entrance gate reads as "This is a border post" () due to the position of Erzurum as a border city at that time. 40 to 50 men strong raider troops were stationed at the border posts, or outposts. After the eastern borders of the Ottoman Empire territory were extended out to Tbilisi and Caspian Sea, the mansions, shelters, barns and shops were added to the caravanserai.
Architecture
Rüstem Pasha Caravanserai is an important example of a caravanserai in Ottoman architecture. The two-story ashlar building surrounds a rectangular courtyard. The courtyard has an entrance in the west and the east. The gates hare pointed arched and vaulted. The building has 32 rooms, which are situated behind verandas looking to the courtyard. The upper rooms are flat vaulted. The ornaments found here were added in a later time.
The caravanserai underwent a major restoration in 1965. A slight supercumbent was added to the western facade of the building that created an office room for the caravanserai manager over the barrel vaulted entrance, which became a bit longer.
Today
The caravanserai, locally known as "Taşhan" for "stoney commercial building", today houses around hundred workshops and souvenir shops. Many of which sell prayer beads, rings and necklaces, made of local Oltu stone.
References
Buildings and structures completed in 1561
Commercial buildings completed in the 16th century
Buildings and structures in Erzurum Province
Buildings and structures of the Ottoman Empire
Caravanserais in Turkey
Ottoman caravanserais
1561 establishments in the Ottoman Empire
Ballyteigue Burrow is a series of coastal habitats of international importance, and national nature reserve of approximately in County Wexford. It is also a Special Area of Conservation.
Features
Ballyteigue Burrow was legally protected as a national nature reserve by the Irish government in 1987. The site has also been designated a Special Area of Conservation. The site has been assessed as being of international importance due to the variety of physical features including dune slacks, salt marshes, sand dunes, and mudflats. The name "burrow" is in reference to the large number of rabbits that were bred on the site from Norman times. There is still a large population of Oryctolagus cuniculus, the European rabbit, on the reserve which rises and falls due to the presence of the disease myxomatosis.
Four protected plant species have been recorded in Ballyteigue Burrow: lesser centaury, wild asparagus, Borrer's saltmarsh grass, and perennial glasswort. It is the main location in Ireland for perennial glasswort, and the only location in Ireland in which the rare lichen Fulgensia fulgens is found. Other plants found in the reserve include wild thyme, birds-foot trefoil, common centaury, kidney vetch, restharrow, spring vetch, sea pea, and henbane. Further inland from the coast, the soil is acidic with marram grass as the key species of the sand dunes. Other lichen recorded at the site include Usnea articulata and the moss Tortula ruraliformis.
The sand dunes create a warm environment for wasps, ants and bees, including the endangered great yellow bumble bee and the shrill carder bee, as well as moths and butterflies such as the dark green fritillary and small heath. Small numbers of the rare pale pill woodlouse Armadillidium album have been recorded on the reserve, along with the common lizard Lacerta vivipara, whose numbers have been declining.
The area close to the estuary offers overwintering habitats for a number of important birds including pale-bellied Brent geese, lapwings, black-tailed godwits, and golden plovers. The mudflats are home to a variety of waders, swans and ducks. Other birds that inhabit the reserve include linnets, little terns, meadow pipits, reed buntings, skylarks, stonechats, wheatears, and wrens.
References
Landforms of County Wexford
Protected areas of County Wexford
Tourist attractions in County Wexford
Nature reserves in the Republic of Ireland
Protected areas established in 1987
1987 establishments in Ireland
Pic Nic railway station, alternatively Pic-Nic, Pic-nic
or Picnic, was a railway station in Melbourne, Australia. It was located on the Hawthorn line (now the Alamein, Belgrave and Lilydale lines), on the Melbourne side of the Hawthorn Railway Bridge,
between Church Street (now East Richmond) and Hawthorn stations.
The line to the station was opened by the Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company on 24 September 1860, and extended to Hawthorn in 1861 with the completion of the Hawthorn Railway Bridge across the Yarra River. The station closed on 19 July 1898.
The station was the scene of a serious accident on 2 December 1882, when two trains collided head-on. One person was killed and 178 injured when a special train, returning from land sales at Box Hill, collided with a scheduled train from Melbourne to Camberwell.
References
Disused railway stations in Melbourne
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1860
Railway stations closed in 1898
1898 disestablishments in Australia
Joseph Michael Plavcan (July 19, 1908 – February 7, 1981) was an American painter and teacher from Erie, Pennsylvania.
Early life
Plavcan was born in Braddock, Pennsylvania, to Czechoslovakian immigrant parents. Soon after their birth their parents moved the family back to Erie, Pennsylvania. Plavcan spent much of their youth reading and studying art at the Erie Public Library, which at the time included the Public Library, the Public Museum, and the Art Club (later The Erie Art Museum.) Plavcan studied trade at Academy High School but did not flourish there until noted instructor and Saturday Evening Post illustrator George Ericson (Eugene Iverd) suggested that they take art classes. Under Ericson's tutelage Plavcan developed a lifelong appreciation for landscape painting, and in October 1926, they were accepted into the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts.
Academic accomplishments
In 1928, after their second year at the Academy, Plavcan was awarded the Cresson Traveling Scholarship for further study in Europe. This time overseas shaped their work for the rest of their life. They were particularly influenced by Hans Memling and was an early promoter of the watercolors of J.M.W. Turner. In 1930, Plavcan returned to Erie and graduated from the Academy. That same year their painting The Blue Pitcher was accepted into the 29th Carnegie International in Pittsburgh; an exhibition that was juried by Henri Matisse. At the age of twenty-two, Plavcan received the Clark Award at the Corcoran Biennial in Washington, D.C. for their painting Mechanic Street, New Hope, Pennsylvania. They also had two paintings on display at the Art Institute of Chicago's annual show. In 1936, they were inducted into the Who's Who in American Art.
Teaching career
Plavcan married Catherine Burns, an artist they had met at the Academy and returned to Erie in 1931. The scarcity of jobs for artists during the depression led Plavcan to accept a job teaching at Erie Technical High School. Within a year, Plavcan was teaching vocational courses full-time; a position they would keep until their retirement in 1970. Unlike other instructors, Plavcan taught many of their classes outdoors, and their students recall how they emphasized observation and the fundamentals of fine art. Many of their students, including Richard Anuszkiewicz, Robert Joy, John Vahanian, Vitus Kaiser, George Gaadt, Robert Gerbracht, and John Silk Deckard went on to garner national and international fame.
Style
Throughout their career Plavcan was continually committed to color, though their work itself ranges from the realistic to the highly stylized. With the development of acrylic paints in the 1960s, Plavcan turned away from their earlier representational style and began experimenting with a hard-edged geometric style. These later paintings incorporate vibrant, unblended colors and were inspired by the work of their own student, Op-artist Richard Anuszkiewicz. Plavcan continued to develop this style until the end of their life, ultimately settling on a more subtle approach that used the same bright colors but softer edges. On the evolution of their art, Plavcan stated, "I don't think that I have gone back to my earlier style. It is a building process, not necessarily regression. It is very hard once you've learned additional information to not use that in your art."
Exhibitions
Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Carnegie International, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
1930 and 1951 Corcoran Biennial, Washington, D.C.
National Academy of Design, New York
Butler Institute of American Art, Youngstown, Ohio
Pepsi-Cola "Artists for Victory" National Show, Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York
Chautauqua Institute, New York
Biennial Drawing Exhibition, Norfolk, Virginia
Erie Art Museum, Erie, Pennsylvania
References
External links
Erie Art Museum
1908 births
1981 deaths
People from Braddock, Pennsylvania
American people of Slovak descent
Painters from Pennsylvania
20th-century American painters
American male painters
Artists from Erie, Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts alumni
20th-century American male artists
is a Japanese actor. They have won three Japanese Academy Awards: the 2000 Best Actress award for Railroad Man, and the 1979 awards for both Best Actress (The Incident) and Best Supporting Actress (Seishoku no ishibumi). They also won the award for best actor at the 12th Hochi Film Award for Eien no 1/2. At the 25th Moscow International Film Festival they won the award for Best Actress for their role in Owl. They have received a total of 12 nominations.
They were the favoured lead actor of director Kaneto Shindo after their previous lead actor, Nobuko Otowa, died in 1994, and featured in four of their films from Will to Live in 1999 to Postcard in 2011.
Otake has also acted on the stage. They performed during the last segment of the Tokyo 2020 Olympics Closing Ceremony along Tokyo's Suginami Children Chorus, singing the song "Hoshimeguri no Uta" (Star Tour Song) composed by Kenji Miyazawa, as the Olympic flame was extinguished. In 2021, Otake took the lead role of Dr. Ruth Wolff in a Japanese stage adaptation of The Doctor.
Personal life
Otake was born and grew up mostly in Tokyo. In 1982 they married Seiji Hattori, a Tokyo Broadcasting director who died in 1987. One year later, Otake married Akashiya Sanma, but got divorced in 1992. In the early 1990s Otake lived with playwright Hideki Noda.
Otake has two children, Nichika, a son by Hattori and Imaru, a daughter by Sanma. After their divorce they kept custody.
Filmography
Film
Television
Dubbing
Cats, Old Deuteronomy (Judi Dench)
West Side Story (1979 TBS edition), Maria (Natalie Wood)
Commercials
In 2012, they became a representative for NTT DoCoMo's "Raku-Raku Smartphone", a smartphone aimed at the over-55s.
Honours
Kinuyo Tanaka Award (1992)
Medal with Purple Ribbon (2011)
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
20th-century Japanese actores
21st-century Japanese actores
People from Tokyo
Asadora lead actors
Recipients of the Medal with Purple Ribbon
Gretchen Osgood Warren (19 March 1868 – 13 September 1961) was an American actor, singer and poet. They were the wife of Fiske Warren. The daughter of Dr. Hamilton Osgood and Margaret Cushing Osgood of Beacon Hill, Boston, Massachusetts, their younger sister was Mary Alden Childers, the wife of writer and Irish nationalist Erskine Childers. Them nephew Erskine Hamilton Childers served as the fourth President of Ireland from 1973-74.
Early life
They could sing perfectly in pitch, write like an adult and recite poetry on command. Them upbringing in the affluent environment that was turn of the century Beacon Hill, Boston, Massachusetts allowed them to pursue music and drama to an extremely high level.
Just down the street from the Osgood home was the Boston Athenaeum, where a long line of Osgoods, namely Frances Sargent Osgood and Samuel Stillman Osgood, are all listed on the "Register of the Proprietors" for the institution. Gretchen went on to study at Oxford and graduated with honors.
Artistic muse
John Singer Sargent, the famed portraitist of Boston's elite, was commissioned by Warren's husband, Fiske Warren to paint their portrait in April 1903. The sitting was done in Fenway Court, then the home of legendary Boston fine arts czar; Isabella Stewart Gardner. Warren is seen seated in a chair with their daughter, Rachel Warren. The painting is often considered to be one of Sargent's prime portraits and usually appears in Sargent Estate calendars and postcards. Later they were also photographed by portrait photographer Arnold Genthe.
They died at their home in Boston in 1961. Them daughter Rachel married the American archaeologist Samuel K. Lothrop and later the Irish nationalist Robert Childers Barton.
Awards
Golden Rose Award
Works
Humanity, by Gretchen Osgood Warren, (Basil Blackwell, Oxford) 1953 (A Selection of Poems)
References
Sources
The Mount Vernon Street Warrens, Martin Green, Simon & Schuster, 1989
Museum of Fine Arts, Boston
1868 births
1961 deaths
Actresses from Boston
American women poets
American art collectors
People from Beacon Hill, Boston
Presidential elections were held in Chile on 4 September 1970. Salvador Allende of the Popular Unity alliance won a narrow plurality in a race against independent Jorge Alessandri and Christian Democrat Radomiro Tomic, before having their victory confirmed by a Congressional vote after the Christian Democrats voted in favour of their candidacy.
Both the United States and the Soviet Union poured money into this election through their intelligence agencies and other sources, with the former attempting to sabotage Allende, and the latter supporting their campaign. Ambassador Edward Korry would play a major role in anti-Allende campaigns during the election.
Eduardo Frei Montalva and their Christian Democratic Party would later unite with Allende's opponents to form a congressional majority in an attempt to declare their presidency illegal in August 1973, catalyzing the military coup a few weeks later.
Electoral system
The election was held using the absolute majority system, under which a candidate had to receive over 50% of the popular vote to be elected. If no candidate received over 50% of the vote, both houses of the National Congress would come together to vote on the two candidates that received the most votes.
Campaign
Salvador Allende
Allende was a self-described Marxist and lifetime member of the Chilean Socialist Party. They had a career in politics that included being a senator and 3 consecutive bids for the presidency prior to the 1970 election cycle. In 1970 they ran for the Popular Unity coalition, a political alliance consisting of the leftists of Chile including the Chilean Communist Party and Chilean Socialist Party. Their platform included 40 promises that would benefit the lower class, including ending inflation, greatly reducing the cost of medicine, and the adjustment of public housing rent. The remaining promises also fell in line with the socialist ideology of Allende and the Popular Unity coalition.
Radomiro Tomic
Radomiro Tomic was a major figure in the Christian Democratic Party and was ambassador to Washington under President Eduardo Frei. As a longtime friend of Frei, they were appointed as an ambassador to put them on the path to candidacy for the party in 1970. They were ideologically to the left of President Frei. They spent a large portion of their political career campaigning for a coalition between Christian Democrats and Leftists, despite most of both groups consistently not supporting their idea. They were known for being an egotistical, but nonetheless very charismatic speaker. Their campaign benefited from the prestige of being ambassador to Washington, as well as their friendship with President Frei. However, it was hurt by their continued insistence on forming a coalition, as well as directly criticizing and attacking the Christian Democratic Party's own bills and the Frei administration's reforms. Voters often turned away from them due to their confusing campaign platform coming off as a more convoluted way of implementing socialism compared to instead electing Marxist Allende.
Jorge Alessandri
Prior to running in the 1970 election, Jorge Alessandri was a career politician and served as the 27th President of Chile from 1958 to 1964, until the constitution barred them from succeeding himself. They were the prior administration to Christian Democrat Eduardo Frei. Their conservative independent platform represented voters who were concerned by the reforms Frei had implemented over the course of their administration. Due to their prestige of formerly being the President of Chile, their campaign started out very strong. However, over time they lost support for a variety of reasons.
One major factor was their age and health. At the time of the 1970 election, Alessandri was 74 years old and had experienced a variety of health issues, mental and physical, including on national TV. According to Sergio Riesenberg, Alessandri's appearance on TV backfired and cost them the election. On the TV program Tres Bandas hosted by Gonzalo Bertrán there were two separate shots that showed them in bad light. In the first Alessandri said that they would be determined and that their "hands would not shake", subsequently the camera focused their hands that were actually shaking. In the second frame they were seen next to a stove warming their legs with a blanket despite it being spring. According to Riesenberg all this gave the public the impression of a man who was no longer of "an adequate age to become president".
Another major factor was their campaign being staffed mostly by amateurs, which led to the wasting of resources, creating of ineffective propaganda, issues mobilizing supporters, and trouble spreading a positive message to voters. US intelligence reports stated that supporters believed that Alessandri could win using their name alone and spent most of the campaign attacking Frei's reforms instead of directly promoting Alessandri. In the end, they finished second, meaning that the congressional vote was between them and Allende.
International involvement
Intelligence agencies
Both the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and the KGB spent significant amounts of money to influence the outcome of the election.
The CIA did not provide direct assistance to any candidate, as they had during the 1964 elections, but rather focused on anti-Allende propaganda, and the 40 Committee approved $435,000 for that purpose. In fact that represented only about half the money spent by the CIA to influence the election; the Church Committee put the total amount at between $800,000 and $1 million. The money approved by the 40 Committee was used in a "scare campaign" of posters and pamphlets linking an Allende victory with the violence and repression associated with the Soviet Union. Editorials and news stories reinforcing this message were also written with CIA guidance, especially in the newspaper El Mercurio, and disseminated throughout the national media. The goal was to contribute to and exploit the political polarization and financial panic of the period. Besides propaganda, the CIA also funded an attempt to splinter the Radical Party away from the Popular Unity coalition. This CIA campaign was very inefficient. CIA director Richard Helms complained that they were ordered by the White House to "beat somebody with nobody". Although the 40 Committee had decided not to support any candidate directly, the CIA did help US companies in funding candidates. In total, US businesses spend about $700,000; half of that sum was provided by the International Telephone & Telegraph Corporation (ITT).
KGB money was more precisely targeted. Allende made a personal request for Soviet money through their personal contact, KGB officer Svyatoslav Kuznetsov, who urgently came to Chile from Mexico City to help Allende. The original allocation of money for these elections through the KGB was $400,000, and an additional personal subsidy of $50,000 directly to Allende. It is believed that help from KGB was a decisive factor, because Allende won by a narrow margin of 39,000 votes of a total of the 3 million casts. After the elections, the KGB director Yuri Andropov obtained permission for additional money and other resources from the Central Committee of the CPSU to ensure Allende victory in Congress. In their request on 24 October, they stated that KGB "will carry out measures designed to promote the consolidation of Allende's victory and their election to the post of President of the country".
US president Richard Nixon was enraged by Allende's victory and the failure of the CIA's covert actions against him.
US ambassador
Edward M. Korry was the United States ambassador to Chile from 1967 to 1971, during which they were very involved in Chilean politics, particularly the 1970 elections. During the elections they spent time analyzing each candidate and their campaigns, and would report back to the state department, making recommendations on how to handle involvement. On many occasions they expressed that they strongly believed that Allende was a major threat to the United States. They believed that an anti-Allende campaign was necessary to prevent the formation of a Leninist state in Chile, and even advocated the further expansion of it throughout the election. A major basis for expanding it was the trends that were occurring in the election, namely the rapid decline of Alessandri's campaign, the continued stagnation of Tomic's, and the growing support of Allende, much of which came from voters moving away from Alessandri and Tomic. They did not believe that the people of Chile or US private business would be able to do enough to stop Allende's election.
Korry was very actively involved in the Christian Democrats and the Frei administration, quickly developing a close relationship with Frei. At the request of Frei, they became more directly involved in Tomic's campaign, as they were becoming frustrated with Tomic's frequent criticism of the party they were running for, as well as with their increasingly leftist views. One major point of involvement was attempting to stop Tomic from continuing to advocate for an alliance with the Soviet Union. Over time, Korry would become frustrated with Tomic as well, a bad sign for US relations if Tomic had become President.
Korry was later accused of involvement in the 1973 coup due to their vocal criticism of Allende, despite not being involved, with their innocence only being acknowledged by major media outlets in 1981. They strongly opposed any military intervention in Chile, both immediately after the election, and three years later when Pinochet came to power.
Track I and track II
The United States executive branch had two plans to prevent Allende from ascending to power if they won the vote. Track I was led by the State Department and involved manipulation of Chilean politics within the bound of the Chilean constitution to lead to President Frei being re-elected. The CIA was not involved with it. Track II, or Project FUBELT, was a CIA operation that did not involve the State Department or Department of Defense, consisting of forming and supporting a group within the Chilean military who would stage a coup. Circumstantially, Track I was not possible, so the United States moved forward with Project FUBELT.
Results
As none of the candidates received an absolute majority in the public vote, the National Congress had to decide between the two candidates who had received the most votes, Allende and Alessandri. The precedent set on the three previous occasions this situation had arisen since 1932 was for Congress simply to choose the candidate with the highest number of votes; indeed, former President Alessandri had been elected in 1958 with 31.6% of the popular vote, defeating Allende.
In this case, however, there was an active campaign against Allende's confirmation by Congress, including an intensification of the CIA propaganda campaign to create concerns about Chile's future. During this period the CIA generated over 726 articles, broadcasts and similar items. The CIA also encouraged international economic pressure against Chile during this period. The United States also began to lay the groundwork for a military coup in this stage, authorizing the Ambassador to Chile to encourage this outcome with their contacts in the Chilean military.
In the summer prior to the election, reports stated that out of the 200 senators and deputies of congress, Allende had 82 supporters, including the 80 personnel who were members of the Communist Party, who were a major organizing force in the Popular Unity coalition. Following Allende, Tomic had 75 supporters, and Alessandri's supporters were the remaining 43 supporters out of the 200 congresspeople.
Two days before the confirmation, Army Commander-in-Chief General René Schneider, was shot resisting a kidnap attempt by a group led by General Roberto Viaux. Hospitalized, they died of their wounds three days later. Viaux's kidnapping plan had been supported by the CIA through Project FUBELT. Schneider was a known defender of the "constitutionalist" doctrine that the army's role is exclusively professional, its mission being to protect the country's sovereignty and not to interfere in politics, and had expressed their deep opposition to organizing a coup d'état in case Salvador Allende was finally chosen by the National Congress as President. Schneider's death was viewed negatively by the public, and helped citizens and military support Allende, whom the National Congress finally chose on 24 October. On 26 October, President Eduardo Frei named General Carlos Prats as commander in chief of the army in replacement of René Schneider.
Allende's presidency was eventually ratified, after they agreed to sign a "Statute of Constitutional Guarantees", promising not to undermine the constitution.
See also
History of Chile
United States intervention in Chile
Politics of Chile
References
External links
Archivos Internet Salvador Allende - A pro-Allende Spanish-language source, provides enormous day-by-day detail on the events between the election and Allende's inauguration as president
Chile
Presidential
1970 in Chile
Presidential elections in Chile
Presidency of Salvador Allende
Chile
Marwan Maalouf (born November 26, 1976) is an American football coach from Lebanon. They formerly are the special teams coordinator for the Minnesota Vikings. and Indianapolis Colts.
Playing career
In college, Maalouf earned 3 letters while playing guard for Baldwin-Wallace University from 1997 until 1999. They were a 2-time All-Ohio Athletic Conference selection. In addition they were named Baldwin-Wallace's Outstanding Offensive Lineman and was elected as a team captain for their senior season.
NFL coaching
Maalouf began their NFL coaching career with the Cleveland Browns. Following their three-year stint with Cleveland, they spent the 2007 NFL season writing scouting reports for Scouts Inc. and ESPN. They returned to coaching the following year as the assistant special teams coach for the Baltimore Ravens. In the 2012 NFL season, they left the Ravens along with Chuck Pagano when the Indianapolis Colts named them special teams coordinator. They were let go after one year and began coaching for the Miami Dolphins, until being hired by the Vikings for the 2019 NFL season. After the 2020 season, their contract wasn't renewed by the Vikings and they were replaced by Ryan Ficken.
References
External links
Minnesota Vikings bio
1976 births
Living people
American football offensive guards
American people of Lebanese descent
Baldwin Wallace University alumni
Baltimore Ravens coaches
Cleveland Browns coaches
Cleveland Browns scouts
Fordham Rams football coaches
Indianapolis Colts coaches
Miami Dolphins coaches
Minnesota Vikings coaches
Rutgers Scarlet Knights football coaches
Rutgers Scarlet Knights coaches
Sportspeople of Lebanese descent
Edward Townson Churton (1841–1 May 1912) was an Anglican colonial bishop in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Born into an ecclesiastical family in 1841 and educated at Eton and Oriel College, Oxford they were ordained in 1866. They held incumbencies at St Nicholas, Ganton and St Bartholomew, Charlton next Dover before being ordained to the episcopate as Bishop of Nassau. Upon their resignation, they were succeeded by their younger brother Henry. They died on 1 May 1912.
Notes
1841 births
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Oriel College, Oxford
19th-century Anglican bishops in the Caribbean
20th-century Anglican bishops in the Caribbean
Anglican bishops of Nassau
1912 deaths
Anglo-Catholic bishops
An indirect presidential election was held in Malta on 1 April 2014. Labour Party MP and Minister of the Family and Social Solidarity Marie-Louise Coleiro Preca was unanimously elected to become the next President of Malta on 4 April 2014.
References
2014 elections in Europe
2014
Presidential election
Abdul Wahid Soomro is a Pakistani politician who was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-237 (Thatta-I) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in 2002 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 53,616 votes and lost the seat to Syed Ayaz Ali Shah Sheerazi.
They were elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-237 (Thatta-I) as a candidate of PPP in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 85,138 votes and defeated Syed Riaz Hussain Shah Sheerazi, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q).
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-237 (Thatta-I) as a candidate of PPP in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 78 votes and lost the seat to Shamasunnisa.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Júlio Requena is a Paralympic athlete from Spain competing mainly in category T11 sprint events.
Playing career
Requena first competed in the Paralympics in their home country in 1992 where they won a gold medal as part of the B1>B3 4×100 m relay team and in 100 m as well as a silver medal in the 200 m. The following games in Atlanta in 1996 they won the 100 m, 200 m and was part of the victorious 4×100 m as well as competing in the 400 m. The 2000 Summer Paralympics gave them a further two medals, both bronzes in the 200 m and 4×100 m as they also competed in the 100 m.
References
Paralympic athletes of Spain
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic gold medalists for Spain
Paralympic silver medalists for Spain
Paralympic bronze medalists for Spain
Living people
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Year of birth missing (living people)
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
Spanish male sprinters
Visually impaired sprinters
Paralympic sprinters
Rockyford/Early Bird Air Aerodrome is located west southwest of Rockyford, Alberta, Canada.
References
Registered aerodromes in Alberta
Wheatland County, Alberta
CyberBerkut (, ) is a modern organized group of pro-Russian hacktivists. The group became locally known for a series of publicity stunts and distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks on Ukrainian government, and western or Ukrainian corporate websites. By 2018, this group was accused by western intelligence agencies, such as National Cyber Security Centre (United Kingdom) of being linked to the GRU, providing plausible deniability.
Background
The group emerged after the dissolution of special police force "Berkut" that became notorious for its violent repression used during the EuroMaidan demonstrations. The group is anonymous. Their proclaimed goals are fighting against neo-fascism, neo-nationalism and arbitrary power in Ukraine. To further this aim, CyberBerkut activists targeted the "Right Sector" IT resources. CyberBerkut targets included NATO and its allies.
Activity
Attacks on NATO websites.
Attacks on U.S. private military companies.
Publication of correspondence of deputies of (political parties) Batkivshchyna and Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform.
Publication of correspondence with the United States Embassy in Ukraine and United States foundations.
Disclosure to public of telephone recording between Yulia Tymoshenko and Nestor Shufrych.
Disclosure to public of telephone recording between EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs Catherine Ashton and Foreign Minister of Estonia Urmas Paet.
Blocking cellular phones of members of the Yatsenyuk Government and persons close to them.
Blocking Internet resources of Secretary of the National Security and Defence Council of Ukraine Andriy Parubiy and news portals: LigaBusinessInform and Ukrainian Independent Information Agency.
Publication of video materials that are blocked on YouTube.
Attempts at disrupting the recruitment of the National Guard of Ukraine.
Attempted destruction of the electronic system of the Central Election Commission of Ukraine prior to the 2014 Ukrainian presidential election.
Publishing lists of alleged Ukrainian military deserters
Attempts at disrupting the work of the Central Election Commission of Ukraine by damaging the IFES system before the elections and blocking cellphones of their organisators.
Temporary disruption of the websites of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and the General Prosecutor of Ukraine. Websites of TV channels 1+1 and Inter were also temporary disrupted .
Email hacking and publication of the conversation between Ihor Kolomoyskyi and the persecutor of the Lviv Oblast, hacking of the computer and email of a person related to Ihor Kolomoyskiy. Archives of the contents of 89 email accounts of Lviv oblast's prosecutor office employees.
Hacking and publishing of the Minister of Internal Affairs Arsen Avakov's conversation.
Blocking of the website of the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko on 29 June 2014.
Publication of the real name and biography of Semen Semenchenko – Konstantin Grishin.
Hacking of the German Chancellery and the German Bundestag
The group also publishes pro-Donetsk People's Republic videos. In one of them it is claimed that Ukrainian security forces are living under a "Jewish occupation".
Response
Repeated blocking of CB's Facebook pages, although new ones have been made on the following day .
Likely in response to attacking the websites of Greystone Limited and Triple Canopy, CyberBerkut's websites have been temporarily disrupted. The websites started to work again on the following day.
Arrests of people suspected in relation to CyberBerkut.
See also
Hacktivism
Internet activism
Hacker (term)
Denial-of-service attack
Trolls from Olgino
Anonymous (group)
Notes
References
External links
Official website
Anonymity
Cyberattacks
Hacker groups
Information society
Intellectual property activism
Internet-based activism
Internet culture
Internet memes
Internet trolling
Internet vigilantism
Organizations established in 2014
Russo-Ukrainian War
2014 establishments in Russia
Russian–Ukrainian cyberwarfare
Cyberattack gangs
Fire of Waters is an experimental short film by Stan Brakhage, produced in 1965.
Production
Fire of Waters was inspired by a letter Brakhage received from poet Robert Kelly, in which was written: "The truth of the matter is this that: man lives in a fire of waters and will eternally in the first taste." Brakhage intended the film as "a play of light and sounds" on that theme. The film contains footage shot in a lightning storm with a jerky handheld camera, occasionally showing the panes of the window through which the footage was filmed. Unlike much of the director's work, Fire of Waters contains a soundtrack, which has been described as "mushy, noisy and largely ambiguous - maybe rain, maybe paper rustling, maybe just dirt and water spots on the optical soundtrack." The soundtrack actually consists of slowed down bird calls, wind, and speeded up audio of Jane Brakhage giving birth to daughter Myrenna (an event originally documented, albeit silently, in Brakhage's film Window Water Baby Moving).
Reception
David E. James described Fire of Waters as one of Brakhage's most interesting films, in large part due to its use of sound. Phil Solomon's experimental film Night Lights was inspired by Fire of Waters. Daniel Barnett, in their book Movement as meaning: in experimental film, wrote of their first encounter with Fire of Waters, "I can't ever remember art making me so angry," citing the film's apparent incomprehensibility on initial viewing.
Archive
Film elements for Fire of Waters are held by the Academy Film Archive as part of the Stan Brakhage Collection. The film was preserved by the archive in 2018.
See also
List of American films of 1965
References
External links
1965 films
1965 short films
Films directed by Stan Brakhage
American avant-garde and experimental films
1960s English-language films
1960s American films
Sidney Colwyn Foulkes (1884–1971) OBE FRIBA FILA AMTPI was a Welsh architect, especially known for their architectural designs in Colwyn Bay, cinemas and council estates in North Wales. They were one of the first industrial landscape architects in Britain.
Early years
Foulkes was born to Edward Foulkes, a builder, and Susan Cowx in Colwyn Bay, and was christened at St John's Colwyn Bay Methodist Church in Pwllycrochan Avenue, a building their father had just completed. At the christening it was reported that they received the middle name Colwyn after the minister questioned why they had no middle name.
Foulkes attended the former Conway Road School, and also undertook technical classes held in Douglas Road. This was in addition to working for their father, initially with the building companies horses, and then as a joiner.
In 1900, aged 16, they became the family bread winner, as their father's business was declared bankrupt due to a failed speculative building development in Station Road, Colwyn Bay. Their first commission after their father's bankruptcy was for a demountable pierrot stand owned by a Will Catlin, which they were initially asked to just paint, however Foulkes presented a new design and this was accepted.
Foulkes next major paid commission as a designer and builder was the site of a former stables in the middle of Colwyn Bay. The property had been purchased by a Mr Jones, and they had asked Foulkes what could be done with the site. Foulkes had seen a moving picture show in a tent in Abergele, and drew up plans for a cinema and offices. This became the Cosy Cinema in 1910, and Foulkes occupied the offices above free of rent due to the quality of their workmanship.
In 1914 Foulkes applied to join the School of Architecture at the University of Liverpool, and was accepted by Professor Charles Reilly who offered Foulkes a scholarship. While on the course in 1914, they gained a further commission for the Rhos Playhouse cinema in Penryn Avenue, Rhos on Sea.
They completed the course in 1916, with a distinction, and then joined the Royal Naval Air Service. They became Chief Petty Officer in the Aircraft Design Department at Crystal Palace. During this period, Foulkes attended University College London to study under the first Professor of Town Planning, Stanley Adshead, becoming one of the Royal Town Planning Institute's first members.
Early architectural career
Foulkes returned to Colwyn Bay after their military service, and found work hard to come by as most development land was managed by the Pwllycrochan Estate, which exclusively employed the firm Porter and Chadwick. They were also bound by their Associate membership of RIBA, which stipulated they could not be both architect and building contractor.
Their first commission after the war was again for Will Catlin. Catlin had owned the Arcadia Theatre in Colwyn Bay since 1915 and commissioned Foulkes to design a new building. Foulkes also designed individual houses and several war memorials, including the Obelisk at Llandudno.
Their first major project was for the Committee of the Colwyn Bay Cottage Hospital. The committee staged a competition for a new hospital, the Colwyn Bay and West Denbighshire Hospital, after initially asking Foulkes for assistance and for them to recommend the RIBA competition rules. Foulkes won the commission, and after their previous studies of material provided by RIBA, their design included the American-style centrally located sluices instead of the Florence Nightingale end sluice design for wards. At the end of the build the management committee presented a two-chime engraved carriage clock to Foulkes in 1925.
This was followed by designing new buildings for Rydal Penrhos, W. S. Woods department store (Station Road), Williams Deacon's Bank (Conwy Road) and Longmans Bookshop (7 Abergele Road]) in Colwyn Bay. In 1931, Foulkes was given an Honouary Masters in Architecture by the University of Liverpool. During the 1930s Foulkes designed many cinemas across North Wales. This included the Rhos Playhouse, the Plazas in Rhyl, Flint, and Queensferry, and the Regent in Rhyl. In 1937, their design for the Palace in Conwy won the Cinema of the Year Award. In the same year, they undertook the redesign and renovation of the Victoria Terrace, Beaumaris, which was sold off by the Beaumaris Corporation that year. In 1939 Foulkes was elected as a Fellow of RIBA, and became the President of the North Wales Society of Architects, a position they held until 1944. During World War II, they designed a factory for the Ministry of Aircraft Production in Llandudno Junction for Radcliffe Engineering.
Career after World War II
After the war, Foulkes worked on several housing projects, the first at Beaumaris. It was at Beaumaris that Foulkes showed their innovation, by ignoring the Ministry of Health bylaws and designing their ceiling heights at 7 ft 6 instead of 8 ft. In 1948, the estate was opened by Aneurin Bevan, the minister for housing. Bevan questioned the ceiling height. Foulkes argued that the lower height made the rooms better proportioned, cheaper to heat and saved several courses of bricks (which were in short supply). Bevan agreed and the byelaw was changed shortly afterwards. They designed further estates in Wrexham, Llanrwst and Rhos on Sea. Clough Williams-Ellis wrote in their autobiography of Foulkes design:
Their design for at Beaumaris won a Ministry of Housing Bronze Medal in 1950, and Elwy Estate in Rhos on Sea in 1962 won a Civic Trust Award. In the 1957 Birthday Honours, Foulkes was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for "services to architecture in Wales". Further architectural work after the war included the replacement for the Aberystwyth Town Hall, which had burnt down, and The Brecon Beacons Mountain Centre.
During the post-war period, Foulkes became one of the first architects in industrial Landscape Architecture. Foulkes was recommended to the British Electricity Authority by Sir Patrick Abercrombie to be the landscape consultant for the extension of the Dolgarrog power station. Their design won a Civil Trust Award. This work led to further commissions, including a pump storage hydro-electric scheme at Blaenau Ffestiniog and the Dinorwig pump storage scheme, while their work at Rheidol Falls above Aberystwyth won another Civic Trust Award. Foulkes work was recognised by being made a Fellow of the Institute of Landscape Architecture. Foulkes acted as a consultant for bodies including Birmingham Water Board, Devon County Council and Manchester Corporation Water Authority.
Personal life and death
Foulkes was married to Daisy Charney and they had five children. Their son Ralph was also an architect, and their wife Elizabeth Colwyn Foulkes was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) for their work in architecture. Foulkes was a member of the Council for the Protection of Rural Wales and of the Historic buildings council for Wales. In 1966, Foulkes was awarded the Freedom of the Borough by Conwy Council. Foulkes died on 2 April 1971 in Colwyn Bay. On their death Clough Williams-Ellis wrote:
Legacy
Colwyn Foulkes is commemorated by one of a series of 12 granite "postcards" embedded into the promenade at Colwyn Bay.
Their building at 7, Abergele Road, Colwyn Bay is Grade II listed.
A planning application reported in October 20021 that a Foulkes-designed house on the corner of Marine Drive and College Avenue in Rhos on Sea should be demolished to make way for an apartment building and car parking resulted in calls for its preservation.
References
1884 births
1971 deaths
20th-century Welsh architects
Alumni of the University of Liverpool
Fellows of the Royal Institute of British Architects
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
A biochemical penetrant is a chemical that increases the ability of a poison to apply its toxic effect to a living organism.
Typically, the term penetrant when used for a biochemical agent, relates to an agrichemical that is used with a weedkiller or fungicide. The term seems to be used in relation to agrichemicals within English speaking countries rather than North American.
When mixed with a weedkiller (normally as an aqua solution) the penetrant chemical causes a plant to absorb the poison in a more effective manner and so succumb more readily. Penetrants are most often used against plants that would otherwise be able to resist the weedkiller. Often such plants have tough leaves or shiny leaves that shed water easily.
See Also
Surfactant
References
Agricultural chemicals
Pawłów may refer to the following places:
Pawłów, Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Pawłów, Chełm County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Pawłów, Lublin County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Pawłów, Lesser Poland Voivodeship (south Poland)
Pawłów, Busko County in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship (south-central Poland)
Pawłów, Sandomierz County in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship (south-central Poland)
Pawłów, Starachowice County in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship (south-central Poland)
Pawłów, Szydłowiec County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Pawłów, Wołomin County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Pawłów, Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce in Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Pawłów, Gmina Sośnie in Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Pawłów, Silesian Voivodeship (south Poland)
Pawłów, Opole Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Pavliv (Radekhiv Raion), in Lviv Oblast, Ukraine
In the electoral system for the French National Assembly, there is a first round. If a candidate obtains more than 50% of the vote and more than 25% of the total enrolment for the constituency, they are elected. Otherwise, a second round election is held, only first-round candidates with the support of at least 12.5% of eligible voters are allowed to participate, but if only 1 candidate meets that standard the two candidates with the highest number of votes in the first round may continue to the second round. In the second round, the candidate with a plurality is elected.
These are the deputies elected in the first round in 2022.
References
See also
List of deputies elected in the first round of the 2017 French legislative election
2022 French legislative election
France politics-related lists
Sir Allan Arthur was a Scotland international rugby football player. They later moved to India as a merchant, where they became a civil servant. They were knighted in 1900 for their Indian public service work. They were named as one of Queen Victoria's birthday knights.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
Arthur went to school at Glasgow Academy and then Merchiston College.
Arthur played for Glasgow Academicals.
Provincial career
Arthur was capped by Glasgow District.
They also played for the West of Scotland District on 28 February 1876.
International career
They were capped twice for between 1875 and 1876.
Horse-racing career
The newspaper The Sportsman noted in its obituary of Arthur that they were a noted owner of race horses. Arthur became the chairperson of the Royal Calcutta Turf Club. The newspaper noted that although Arthur owned a number of horses, their colours did not merit any great success.
Business and Civil Service career
Allan's father, another Arthur Allan, was a merchant in the firm of Henry Montieith and Company.
At the age of 20, the younger Allan went to India. They began in the employ of the merchants Finlay, Muir and Company. They later became a director of the merchant firm Ewing and Company.
As a merchant, Allan became involved in the trade of jute. They became a director of an extensive jute shipping company: R. Steel and Company Limited.; and a director of the Manipiet Jute Company. They were also a director of the Union Baling Company.
They were elected four times as the president of the Bengal Chamber of Commerce. They retired in 1920.
Their civil service career began in parallel. They were appointed a member of the Viceroy's Leglistaive Council; and in 1890 became the Sheriff of Calcutta. For their public services they received a knighthood in 1900.
Family
Arthur was unmarried. They died at their home at Larch Hill in Moffat. They were the brother of John Arthur who was also capped for Scotland during the first ever rugby international.
Arthur's funeral was held on 11 October 1923. The funeral processed from Glasgow Central Station to the Necropolis, where they are buried.
References
Sources
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
1857 births
1923 deaths
Glasgow Academicals rugby union players
Glasgow District (rugby union) players
Rugby union players from Moffat
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
West of Scotland District (rugby union) players
Rugby union forwards
Knights Bachelor
Members of the Imperial Legislative Council of India
"'(Cause) I'm Your Girl" (Korean: 아임 유어 걸) is the debut single by South Korean girl group S.E.S., released via SM Entertainment on November 1, 1997, as part of the group's debut studio album of the same title. An R&B K-pop track, it was both written and produced by SM in-house producer Yoo Young-jin. The Japanese-language version of "I'm Your Girl" was included in the 12cm release of their Japan debut single "Meguri Au Sekai", with a special remix single released afterwards on December 10, 1998, through VAP.
Background
"I'm Your Girl" features rapping by Eric and Andy prior to their debut with Shinhwa. The music video remained one of the most requested ones on popular music shows of the time for 13 to 14 weeks. A remixed version of the song, featuring Japanese rapper Kreva, then a member of Kick the Can Crew, was included on the group's special single in Japan, released on December 10, 1998. In 2001, the song was included on SM Entertainment's greatest hits album, SM Best Album 2. The song was additionally included on S.E.S.'s 2003 Japanese compilation album of Korean songs, Beautiful Songs. In 2014 The remake music video, it features D.O. of Exo.
Reception
17 years after its release, the song re-charted on the Gaon Digital Chart at number 25 in the chart issue dated December 28, 2014 – January 3, 2015. In a survey involving 30 experts and 2,000 people published by The Dong-a Ilbo in September 2016, "I'm Your Girl" was voted the third best female idol song by music experts and the seventh best female idol song among the public in the past 20 years.
Legacy
In 2014, webzine Music Taste Y included "I'm Your Girl" in their list of 120 Best Korean Dance Tracks of All Time at number 45, with critic Hong Hyuk-soo noting the song's "melodic simplicity and completeness" as well as the "neat arrangement and chorus, well-ordered characters and choreography" having been passed down to future generations as a textbook girl group song. In Melon and Seoul Shinmuns 2021 ranking of the Top 100 K-pop Songs of All Time, "I'm Your Girl" placed at number 17, where music expert Lee Kyu-tak wrote that it "occupies a very important part in the history of K-pop, both in terms of the impact it had on the music world at the time of its release and the influence it had on future generations." Lee commented that along with H.O.T's "Descent of Warriors" and "Candy" (1996), "this song marked the beginning of K-pop and an important turning point that put SM Entertainment, the agency, in its current position."
Track listing
[Meguri Au Sekai] 12cm tracklist
"Meguri Au Sekai" (めぐりあう世界; World Comes Around)
"Believe in Love"
"I'm Your Girl"
"Oh, My Love"
Japanese remix single
"Meguri Au Sekai" (Miami DJ Mix) (めぐりあう世界)
"Believe in Love" (Jon Robinson Groove Mix)
"(Cause) I'm Your Girl" (Kreva Mix)
"Oh, My Love" (Cyber Soul Mix)
Charts
Release history
References
1997 debut singles
S.E.S. (group) songs
George Taylor (October 19, 1820 – January 18, 1894) was an American attorney and Democratic politician. They served as a U.S. Representative from New York.
Born in Wheeling, Virginia (now West Virginia), Taylor studied medicine and law. They were admitted to the bar and began the practice of law in Indiana. They moved to Alabama in 1844, and to Brooklyn, New York, in 1848, where they continued their practice and held several local offices.
Taylor was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1857 – March 3, 1859). In 1858, they were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection to the Thirty-sixth Congress. They then resumed their practice of law in Washington, D.C., until their death.
George Taylor died at age 73 in Washington.  They are interred in Rock Creek Cemetery.
References
1820 births
1894 deaths
New York (state) lawyers
Politicians from Wheeling, West Virginia
Burials at Rock Creek Cemetery
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
19th-century American politicians
Lawyers from Wheeling, West Virginia
19th-century American lawyers
is Morning Musume's ninth original studio album, released approximately two years after their previous album, Sexy 8 Beat. It was released on March 18, 2009 in both limited (EPCE-5629) and regular (EPCE-5631) editions. The limited edition comes with a bonus DVD. The regular edition include one of ten photo cards, there is one for each member and one for the whole group.
Track listing
Featured lineup
4th generation: Hitomi Yoshizawa (uncredited in Track 13)
5th generation: Ai Takahashi, Risa Niigaki
6th generation: Eri Kamei, Sayumi Michishige, Reina Tanaka, Miki Fujimoto (uncredited in Track 13)
7th generation: Koharu Kusumi
8th generation: Aika Mitsui, Junjun, Linlin
Personnel
Lyrics, Composition: Tsunku
Arrangement: Nao Tanaka (tracks 1, 4, 10), Hideyuki "Daichi" Suzuki (2, 8, 9), Koichi Yuasa (3, 6), Kaoru Okubo (5, 7), Kōtarō Egami (11, 12), Jun Yamazaki (13)
Tenor Saxophone: Yoshinari Takejō (2)
Saxophone: Akio Suzuki (11)
Guitar: Koji Kamata (2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11)
Chorus: Chino (2, 3, 5, 11), Hiroaki Takeuchi (3), Atsuko Inaba (12)
Oricon ranks and sales
References
External links
Platinum 9 Disc entry on the Hello! Project official website
J-Ongaku: Platinum 9 Disc
2009 albums
Morning Musume albums
Zetima albums
Sir Terence Orby Conran (4 October 1931 – 12 September 2020) was an English designer, restaurateur, retailer and writer. They founded the Design Museum in Shad Thames, London in 1989 The British designer Thomas Heatherwick said that Conran "moved Britain forward to make it an influence around the world." Edward Barber, from the British design team Barber & Osgerby, described Conran as "the most passionate man in Britain when it comes to design, and their central idea has always been 'Design is there to improve your life.'" The satirist Craig Brown once joked that before Conran "there were no chairs and no France."
Early life and education
Conran was born in Kingston upon Thames, the son of Christina Mabel Joan Conran (née Halstead, d.1968) and South African-born Gerard Rupert Conran (d.1986), a business person who owned a rubber importation company in East London. Conran was educated at Highfield School in Liphook, Bryanston School in Dorset and the Central School of Art and Design (now incorporated into Central St Martin's, a part of the University of the Arts, London), where they studied textiles and other materials.
Work
Conran's first professional work came when they worked in the Festival of Britain (1951) on the main South Bank site. They left college to take up a job with Dennis Lennon's architectural company, which had been commissioned to make a 1/4-scale interior of a Princess Flying Boat.
Conran started their own design practice in 1956 with the Summa furniture range and designing a shop for Mary Quant.
In 1964, they opened the first Habitat shop in Chelsea, London with their third wife Caroline Herbert, focusing on housewares and furniture in contemporary designs. Habitat grew into a large chain, the first retailer to bring such designs to a mass audience.
In the mid-1980s, Conran expanded Habitat into the Storehouse plc group of companies that included BhS, Mothercare and Heal's but in 1990 they lost control of the company.
Their later retail companies included the Conran Shop and FSC-certified (Forest Stewardship Council) wood furniture maker Benchmark Furniture, which they co-founded with Sean Sutcliffe in 1983.
They were also involved in architecture and interior design, including establishing the architecture and planning consultancy Conran Roche with Fred Roche in 1980. Their projects include Michelin House (which they turned into the restaurant Bibendum) and the Bluebird Garage, both in Chelsea. Conran had a major role in the regeneration in the early 1990s of the Shad Thames area of London next to Tower Bridge that includes the Design Museum. Their business, Conran and Partners, is a design company comprising product, brand and interior designers and architects, working on projects all over the world. Conran designed furniture for Marks & Spencer, J. C. Penney, Content by Conran, Benchmark, and The Conran Shop.
Conran's architecture and design practice also worked on projects in North America and Asia. In 2009, they licensed the Conran Shop to a partner in Japan. In September 2014, Cassina IXC Ltd acquired the entire business of The Conran Shop in Japan where it still thrives with four stores. In 2019, the Conran Shop opened in Seoul, South Korea.
In 1997 they appeared as themselves in “In the Smoke”, S5:E7 of Pie in the Sky.
Restaurants
Besides Bibendum, Conran created many other restaurants in London and elsewhere. In 2005, they were named as the most influential restaurateur in the UK by CatererSearch, the website of Caterer and Hotelkeeper magazine. In 2007, 49 percent of the restaurant business was sold to two former managers, who rebranded it as D&D London.
In 2008, they returned to the restaurant business on a personal basis by opening Boundary, a restaurant, bar, café, and meeting room complex in Shoreditch, East London. This was followed in 2009 by Lutyens, a restaurant and private club within the former Reuters building in Fleet Street London. In 2018, Lutyens, together with two other related restaurants, closed as Conran's hospitality venture with Peter Prescott went into administration.
Books
They wrote over 50 books which broadly reflect their design philosophy, The majority of these books were published by Conran Octopus, a division of Octopus Publishing Group, a cross-platform illustrated-book publisher founded by Conran and Paul Hamlyn.
Honours and awards
Conran was appointed Knight Bachelor in the 1983 New Year Honours and Companion of Honour (CH) in the 2017 Birthday Honours for services to design.
They were a winner of the Chartered Society of Designers Minerva Medal, the society's highest award.
Between 2003 and 2011, Conran was provost of the Royal College of Art.
In 2003, they received the Prince Philip Designers Prize in recognition of their lifetime achievements in design.
In 2010, Conran was appointed a Royal Designer for Industry by the Royal Society of Arts.
They won the Lifetime Achievement Award at The Catey Awards in 2017.
In 2019, Conran was presented with a Lifetime Achievement Award by The Furniture Makers' Company, the City of London livery company and charity for the furnishing industry.
Academic honours
In 2007, they received an honorary degree from London South Bank University and, in August 2012, an honorary doctorate from the University of Pretoria.
In May 2012, they received an honorary professorship from the University for the Creative Arts.
Family
Conran married architect Brenda Davison in 1952 at the age of 19; the marriage lasted six months. Conran married their second wife, journalist Shirley Pearce, in 1955 with whom they had two sons – Sebastian and Jasper – before they divorced in 1962. Conran married their third wife, cookery writer Caroline Herbert, the following year. The marriage lasted for 33 years and produced three children – Tom, Sophie, and Edmund – before ending in divorce in 1996. Their youngest son Edmund, known as Ned, had problems with drug and alcohol abuse and was remanded to custody in a psychiatric unit in 2001 following a sexual assault on a tourist in London. They recovered and became a restaurateur. Conran married their fourth wife, Victoria Davis, in 2000.
Death
Sir Terence Conran died on 12 September 2020, at the age of 88.
Bibliography
The House Book. Pub. Mitchell Beazley, 1974. .
The Kitchen Book. Crown Publishers, 1977.
The Bed and Bath Book. Crown Publishers, 1978. .
The Cook Book. with Caroline Conran. Crown Publishers, 1980. ,.
The Vegetable Book. Crescent, 1984. .
Terence Conran's New House book. Villard Books, 1985. .
Terence Conran's plants at home. with Susan Conder. Conran Octopus, 1986. .
Terence Conran's France. with Pierrette Pompon Bailhache, Maurice Croizard. Little, Brown, 1987. .
Terence Conran's Home Furnishings. 1987. .
Terence Conran's do-it-yourself with style. Simon & Schuster, 1989. .
Tableware. with Jeremy Myerson, Sylvia Katz. Pub. Van Nostrand Reinhold, 1990.
Conran's Decorating with Plants. Smithmark Pub, 1990. .
Terence Conran's garden style, with John McGowan. Ed. Roger DuBern. Crown Publishers, 1991. .
The Soft furnishings book. Conran Octopus, 1995.
The French Room: Simple French Style for Your Home. with Elizabeth Wilhide. Conran Octopus, 1995. .
Terence Conran on design. Conran Octopus, 1996. .
The Essential Garden Book (Co-authored with Dan Pearson), Three Rivers Press, 1998. .
Terence Conran's Easy Living. Soma Books, 1999. .
Terence Conran on restaurants. Overlook Press, 2000. .
Terence Conran Small Spaces. Clarkson N Potter Publishers, 2001. .
Kitchens: the hub of the home. Clarkson Potter/Publishers, 2002. .
Bathrooms: just add water. Conran Octopus, 2004. .
Designers on Design. with Max Fraser. Collins Design, 2005. .
The Ultimate House Book: For Home Design in the Twenty-First Century. Ed. Elizabeth Wilhide. Pub. Conran Octopus, 2006. .
The Conran Cookbook. with Simon Hopkinson, Caroline Conran. Conran Octopus, 2007. .
How to live in small spaces: design, furnishing, decoration, detail for the smaller home. Pub. Conran Octopus, 2007. .
Storage: Get Organized. Conran Octopus, 2007. .
Chef's Garden: Fresh Produce from Small Spaces. Conran Octopus, 2008. ,.
Terence Conran's Inspiration. with Stafford Cliff. Conran Octopus, 2009. .
Essential Colour. Conran Octopus Publishing, London 2011, .
new edition Eco House Book. Conran Octopus Publishing, London 2012, .
Plain, Simple, Useful: The Essence of Conran Style. Conran Octopus Publishing, London 2014, .
Biographies
Terence Conran. by Nicholas Ind. Sidgwick & Jackson, 1996. .
Terence Conran: Design and the Quality of Life by Elizabeth Wilhide. Watson-Guptill, 1999.
'Conran and the Habitat story' by Barty Phillips.
See also
List of alumni of the Central School of Art and Design
List of English writers
List of restaurateurs
The transformation of London dining in the 1980s and 1990s
References
External links
Conran.com
Terence Conran profile on CatererSearch
Interview with Sir Terence Conran on new Design Museum – LUX Magazine 2013
Terence Conran interviewed by Ginny Dougary (2005)
The Brits Who Designed the Modern World Artsnight - Series 4: 7, BBC Two
Obituary by Stephen Bayley, 12 Sep 2020
1931 births
2020 deaths
20th-century British artists
20th-century British businesspeople
20th-century English non-fiction writers
21st-century British artists
21st-century British businesspeople
21st-century English writers
Alumni of the Central School of Art and Design
British retail company founders
Businesspeople from London
Chartered designers
Terence
English businesspeople in retailing
English company founders
English industrial designers
English interior designers
English male non-fiction writers
English non-fiction writers
English restaurateurs
Fellows of Chartered Society of Designers
Knights Bachelor
Members of the Order of the Companions of Honour
Compasso d'Oro Award recipients
People associated with the Royal College of Art
People educated at Bryanston School
People from Chelsea, London
People from Esher
People from Kingston upon Thames
People from Kintbury
Product designers
Restaurant founders
Writers from London
English republicans
Rehna () is a town in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated 26 km southeast of Lübeck, and 28 km northwest of Schwerin. It is part of the Hamburg Metropolitan Region.
References
Cities and towns in Mecklenburg
Nordwestmecklenburg
Populated places established in 1791
Muni University (MU) is a public multi-campus university in Uganda. It is one of the public universities and degree-awarding institutions in the country, licensed and supervised by the Uganda National Council for Higher Education (UNCHE).
Location
Muni University has its main campus at Muni Hill in the city of Arua in Arua District, West Nile sub-region, in the Northern Region of Uganda. The campus is just south of Barifa Forest, approximately , by road, south-east of the central business district of Arua. This campus sits adjacent to and immediately north of Muni National Teachers College (MNTC), a 1,300 student, mixed gender, teacher training college.
The university owns land in the town of Okollo, Arua District, West Nile sub-region, where it plans a second campus. Okollo is approximately , by road, south-east of Arua, the largest city in the sub-region, on the Arua–Nebbi Road.
Other locations where campuses might be established include at Bidibidi, in Yumbe District, approximately , by road, north of Arua, and at Pakwach, in Pakwach District, along the Albert Nile, where the university plans to establish a Faculty of Fisheries and Aquaculture.
History
Efforts to establish a public university in the West Nile sub-region date to January 2007 when a delegation of elders from the sub-region made a written request to the president of Uganda. In subsequent bilateral meetings between the Ugandan government and stakeholders from the sub-region, a set of core undergraduate courses was identified to anchor the founding of the institution. In 2009, the Ugandan government, through the Ministry of Education, consented to the creation of the university. A three-person task force was created to establish the university, with a starting date of January 2012. That task force was headed by Christine Dranzoa, the vice chancellor of the university including Dr. Lam Lagoro and Fr. Epiphany Picho . Initially, the university was named West Nile University, but after wider consultations, the name was changed to Muni University.
Academic courses
MU has identified the following undergraduate courses to be offered in the academic year 2015/2016:
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology
Bachelor of Information Systems
Bachelor of Science with Education
Bachelor of Nursing Science
Bachelor of Science in Agriculture
Bachelor of Business Management and Entrepreneurship.
According to Education News Uganda, Muni University signed a Memorandum of Understanding with AfriChild Centre to enhance research
New courses under development as of February 2019, pending approval of the UNCHE include:
Bachelor of Science in Vocational and Technical Education.
Student intake
MU was expected to admit its first batch of undergraduate students during the 2013/2014 academic year, beginning in August/September 2013. After a one-year delay, the first class of 100 students was admitted in November 2014. Another 100 students were admitted in August 2015.
In November 2018, the university graduated its second class of graduates, numbering 92, an increase from the first graduating class of 77, in 2017. At that time only two courses were on offer; the Bachelor of Information Systems and Bachelors of Science in Information Technology.
See also
Education in Uganda
List of universities in Uganda
List of university leaders in Uganda
References
External links
Muni University Homepage
New Muni University Secretary Sworn In As of 31 January 2022.
Uganda Universities & Other Tertiary Institutions Act of 2001
University Profile At Africaafrica.org
Muni University
Public universities
Educational institutions established in 2012
Education in Uganda
Arua District
2012 establishments in Uganda
Arua
Flatwoods is a ghost town in Bokescreek Township, Logan County, Ohio, in the United States.
History
The first settlement at Flatwoods was made in 1854 by Christopher Williams. Flatwoods was originally built up exclusively by black people.
References
Geography of Logan County, Ohio
1854 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1854
Augusta may refer to:
Places
Australia
Augusta, Western Australia
Brasil
Rua Augusta (São Paulo)
Canada
Augusta, Ontario
North Augusta, Ontario
Augusta Street (Hamilton, Ontario)
France
Augusta Suessionum ("Augusta of the Suessii"), Soissons
Augusta Viromanduorum ("Augusta of the Viromandui"), Saint-Quentin
Germany
Augusta Treverorum ("Augusta of the Treveri") or Trier
Augusta Vindelicorum ("Augusta of the Vindelici") or Augsburg
Italy
Augusta, Sicily
Augusta Praetoria Salassorum ("Praetorian Augusta of the Salassi") or Aosta
Augusta Taurinorum ("Augusta of the Taurini") or Turin
Perugia or Augusta Perusia
Spain
Emerita Augusta, Mérida, Spain
Caesar Augusta, Zaragoza, Spain
United States
Augusta, Arkansas
Augusta, Georgia
Augusta National Golf Club ("Augusta"), home of the Masters Tournament
Augusta, Illinois
Augusta, Indiana
Augusta, Indianapolis, Indiana
Augusta, Kansas
Augusta, Kentucky
Augusta, Maine (capital city of Maine)
Augusta, Michigan
Augusta, Minnesota
Augusta, Missouri
Augusta AVA, a viticultural area
Augusta, Montana
Augusta, New Jersey
Augusta, New York
North Augusta, South Carolina
Augusta, West Virginia
Augusta, Wisconsin
Augusta County, Virginia
Augusta Charter Township, Michigan
Augusta Township, Lac qui Parle County, Minnesota
Fort Augusta, Pennsylvania
Mount Augusta, Alaska
Sipapu Bridge, Utah, formerly named as 'Augusta'
Elsewhere
Augusta Euphratensis, Late Roman and Byzantine province in Syrian region
Augusta Raurica ("Rauric Augusta"), Kaiseraugst (Augst), Switzerland
Augusta Traiana ("Trajan Augusta"), Stara Zagora, Bulgaria
Bracara Augusta, Braga, Portugal
Isca Augusta ("Augustan Isca"), Caerleon, Wales
Londinium (former name Augusta), London, England
Lastovo (former name Augusta), a Croatian island
Empress Augusta Bay, Bougainville Island
People
Augusta (honorific), a title used for the Empresses of the Roman and Byzantine Empires
Augusta (name), a given name and surname
Roman roads
Via Augusta
Via Claudia Augusta
Science
254 Augusta, an asteroid
Augusta family, an asteroid family
Augusta, a monotypic spider genus in the family Araneidae with the only species Augusta glyphica
Augusta (plant), a genus in the family Rubiaceae
Ships
USS Augusta, U.S. Navy ships named Augusta
HMS Augusta, Royal Navy ships named Augusta
Princess Augusta (ship), a British ship wrecked in 1738
Augusta (lifeboat), a lifeboat, Sheringham, Norfolk, England
Other uses
Augusta Apartment Building, listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C., US
Augustan History (Latin: Historia Augusta), a half-mockumentary biography of the Roman emperors of the 1st and 2nd century
Augusta Heritage Festival, a festival in West Virginia, US
Legio II Augusta, a Roman legion
Augusta (album), by Willie Nelson and Don Cherry
Lancia Augusta, an automobile
Augusta (grape), an Italian grape variety
The Augustas, a homemade movie about towns named "Augusta"
See also
Shire of Augusta-Margaret River, Australia
Augusta Euphratensis ("Euphratean Augusta"), a Roman province in Syria under Diocletian
Aust, a village in Gloucestershire, England, claimed to be derived from Augusta
Augustus (disambiguation)
August (disambiguation)
Augusts (given name)
Agusta (disambiguation)
Port Augusta (disambiguation)
St. Lawrence County Public Transportation was a transit bus service in St. Lawrence County, New York. It was the main function of Roethel Coach Lines (founded in 1969). Roethel is now a FedEx affiliate and no longer runs commuter bus services.
Bus services
Route 1
The first route operated between Ogdensburg and Potsdam, and sometimes onto Norwood and Norfolk. It made stops in:
Heuvelton
Rensselaer Falls
Canton--State University of New York at Canton; transfer with Trailways of New York
Potsdam--Canton-Potsdam Hospital, State University of New York at Potsdam
Route 2
The second route only operated on Tuesdays and Fridays. It also traveled from Ogdensburg to Potsdam, but used alternate routing through Flackville
Route 3
This third route had some variety in it, sometimes running from Ogdensburg to Hogansburg via Potsdam, and sometimes from Ogdensburg to Potsdam via Hogansburg. Notable stops, running in the Ogdensburg-Hogansburg direction, were as follows:
Flackville
Canton
Potsdam
Norwood
Norfolk
Raymondville
Massena--Akwesasne Mohawk Casino
Shuttles
Ogdensburg Shuttle
Serving Ogdensburg, Waddington, Morristown and Lisbon.
Potsdam Shuttle
Serving the Village of Potsdam, Parishville and Norwood.
References
Bus transportation in New York (state)
Transportation in St. Lawrence County, New York
Square engine may refer to:
a square four engines, a U engine in which two parallel-twin engines are coupled together
an engine with a stroke ratio of 1 (+/- 5%); see Stroke ratio#Square engine
Fifteen Wives is a 1934 American mystery film directed by Frank R. Strayer and starring Conway Tearle, Natalie Moorhead and Raymond Hatton. After arriving from South America, a man is murdered at a New York hotel. When the police investigate, they discover they have fifteen wives.
Cast
Conway Tearle as Insp. Decker Dawes
Natalie Moorhead as Carol Manning
Raymond Hatton as Det. Sgt. Meade
Noel Francis as Ruby Cotton
John Wray as Jason Getty
Margaret Dumont as Sybilla Crum
Ralf Harolde as The Electric Voice
Oscar Apfel as Dist. Atty. Kerry
Robert Frazer as Chemist
Henry C. Bradley as Davis - Hotel Manager
Lew Kelly as Connelly - Hotel Detective
Clarence Brown as Head Porter
Albert Pollet as Thompson
Almeda Fowler as Nurse
Dickie Moore as Young Boy
References
Bibliography
Michael R. Pitts. Poverty Row Studios, 1929–1940: An Illustrated History of 55 Independent Film Companies, with a Filmography for Each. McFarland & Company, 2005.
External links
1934 films
1930s mystery drama films
American mystery drama films
Films directed by Frank R. Strayer
Chesterfield Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1934 crime drama films
American crime drama films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Julius Urgiß (6 August 1873 in Anklam – 12 March 1948 in New York City) was a German-Jewish screenwriter, musician, and film critic.
They began their career as the author of various literary contributions. They worked as a senior journalist at the Berlin film journal Der Kinematograph, writing film reviews. They wrote a biography of the silent-film star Henny Porten.
In 1918, they began their career as a screenwriter. For seven years from 1919, they collaborated with Max Jungk, and in 1928 they worked with Friedrich Raff. Urgiss provided material for comedies, dramas, historical materials and literary adaptations. After the Nazis came to power in 1933, they emigrated from Germany and lived in New York until their death in 1948.
They were married to the German soprano Gerty Lewin (1879-1927). They had one daughter, Eva Agathe Urgiss (1911-1999), who married Albert Einstein's biographer and former step-son-in-law, Dr. Rudolf Kayser.
Filmography
Des Vaters Schuld (1918)
(1918)
Maria (1919)
Morphium (1919)
Die Sekretärin des Gesandten (1919)
Störtebeker (1919)
Hearts are Trumps (1920)
Whitechapel (1920)
Uriel Acosta (1920)
Children of Darkness (1921, 2 parts)
Der Erbe der van Diemen (1921)
Eine Frau mit Vergangenheit (1921)
Hannerl and Them Lovers (1921)
Sins of Yesterday (1922)
The Stream (1922)
Sodoms Ende (1922)
They and the Three (1922)
Revenge of the Bandits (1922)
The Curse of Silence (1922)
The Tigress (1922)
Miss Julie (1922)
The Love Story of Cesare Ubaldi (1922)
The Street (1923)
Explosion (1923)
The Enchantress (1924)
The Voice of the Heart (1924)
Nanon (1924)
Two People (1924)
Der Sturz ins Glück (1924)
Bismarck (1925)
In the Name of the Kaisers (1925)
Lace (1926)
The Eleven Schill Officers (1926)
German Hearts on the German Rhine (1926)
Women of Passion (1926)
Der Kampf um den Mann - Batalla de damas (1926)
Make Up (1927)
Hurrah! I Live! (1928)
Beware of Loose Women (1929)
A Mother's Love (1929)
On the Reeperbahn at Half Past Midnight (1929)
Bockbierfest (1930)
Josef the Chaste (1930)
Scandalous Eva (1930)
Der Detektiv des Kaisers (1930)
The Widow's Ball (1930)
Wenn Du noch eine Heimat hast (1930)
Money on the Street (1930)
Kohlhiesel's Daughters (1930)
Louise, Queen of Prussia (1931)
Panic in Chicago (1931)
Ich will Dich Liebe lehren (1933)
Other Works
Allgemeine Musiklehre (1939) Leipzig : Hörhold
References
External links
1873 births
1948 deaths
German male screenwriters
German critics
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United States
People from the Province of Pomerania
People from Anklam
German male non-fiction writers
Film people from Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
20th-century German screenwriters
Stan Mercer (11 September 1919 – 2003) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Accrington Stanley, Leicester City and Mansfield Town where they also had a spell as manager.
References
1919 births
2003 deaths
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Blackpool F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Leicester City F.C. players
Accrington Stanley F.C. (1891) players
Mansfield Town F.C. managers
English football managers
Folk punk (known in its early days as rogue folk) is a fusion of folk music and punk rock. It was popularized in the early 1980s by the Pogues in England, and by Violent Femmes in the United States. Folk punk achieved some mainstream success in that decade. In more recent years, its subgenres Celtic punk and Gypsy punk have experienced some commercial success.
Characteristics
Folk punk is related to and/or influenced by various styles such as Celtic punk, gypsy punk, anti-folk, and alternative country. Folk punk is also linked with DIY punk scenes, and bands often perform in house venues in addition to more traditional spaces.
Folk punk musicians may perform their own compositions in the style of punk rock, but using additional folk instruments, such as mandolins, accordions, banjos or violins. Folk punk possesses a rich history of progressive and leftist political views, involving topics like race, class, feminism, anti fascism, animal rights, queerness and anarchism.
History
1970s
Many proto-punk bands, including the Velvet Underground and T. Rex were influenced by such folk artists as Bob Dylan, Donovan and the Fugs. In 1977 London born singer-songwriter Patrik Fitzgerald released their first EP titled Safety-Pin Stuck in My Heart which was subtitled "a love song for punk music". The titular song from the EP still remains Fitzgerald's most famous work and acted as one of the pioneering releases for folk punk by combining punk rock imagery with acoustic guitar and vocals.
1980s
Formed in Milwaukee in 1979, Violent Femmes was one of the first and most commercially successful bands to fuse punk and folk, though much of their influence came more from early art rock acts like the Velvet Underground. During the 1980s other punk and hardcore bands would pepper their albums with acoustic tracks or inject folksier sounds, notably the Dead Milkmen, Hüsker Dü, and Articles of Faith. An influential album was the punk inflected folk-country album released in 1984 when psychedelic hardcore band the Meat Puppets switched their style for their seminal release Meat Puppets II.
In the UK, the fusion of folk and punk was pioneered by the London-based Irish band the Pogues, formed in 1982, whose mixture of original songs and covers of established folk singers, many performed in a punk style, led to three top ten albums in the UK, a number two single in "Fairytale of New York" (1987) with Kirsty McColl, and a string of top ten singles and albums in Ireland. The Pogues' lead singer Shane MacGowan had played in London punk outfit the Nips, originally known as the Nipple Erectors.
The pioneers of a more distinctively English brand of folk punk were the Men They Couldn't Hang, founded in 1984. Also important were the Oysterband, who developed from playing English Céilidh music with a fast and harder rock sound from around 1986. the Levellers, founded in 1988, made less use of traditional melodies but more use of acoustic instruments, including violins. Several other prominent members of the English punk scene in the early 1980s were also experimenting with folk influences. Early demos by Chumbawamba feature the accordion and the trumpet, though it would take them over 20 years to transition into a full-fledged folk act. Attila the Stockbroker began entertaining punk audiences accompanied by mandola in 1986, and is still performing. Probably the most successful figure associated with English 1980s folk punk is singer-songwriter Billy Bragg, who enjoyed a series of hits in the 1980s and became a distinct influence on later folk punk acts.<ref>I. Peddie, The Resisting Muse: Popular Music and Social Protest (Aldershot: Ashgate, 2006), pp. 39-46.</ref>
1990s
The early nineties saw a general lull of interest in folk influenced punk, but there were a few acts touring. Formed in 1990, Austin-based experimental bluegrass band Bad Livers is one example, though the band used punk more as a cultural reference point than a musical one, often appearing wearing Misfits shirts and occasionally covering Iggy Pop's "Lust for Life".
1994 saw the creation of Plan-It-X Records. which would later go on to release some of the most quintessential folk punk acts of the late 90s/early 2000s and have a large influence on the genre.
Another genre defining act, the Moldy Peaches formed in 1994 featuring Adam Green and Kimya Dawson. singing and playing acoustic guitars. The band labeled themselves as Anti-Folk.
Formed in 1995 the World/Inferno Friendship Society is a large ensemble that came to be influential in the later New York Gypsy Punk scene. They combined elements of Cabaret, Punk, and Klezmer into their grandiose and theatrical performances.
At the close of the 1990s, Celtic punk had a revival as bands like Dropkick Murphys, Flogging Molly, Greenland Whalefishers, and the Real McKenzies started to experience wider commercial notice. This wave of bands, who often mixed Pogues-derived sounds with those of street punk bands like Cockney Rejects, spawned imitators worldwide.
2000s
In the early 2000s, a Plan-It-X Records sound, heavily influenced by underground 1990s pop punk and classic DIY ethic began to take shape. For many in the punk community the record label has become synonymous with folk punk, though they have also released electric acts with little or no folk influence. At the same time in New York a Gypsy Punk sound began to coalesce around Gogol Bordello, Golem, Insomniac Folklore and other groups. These bands took eastern European instrumentation and fused it with the rhythms of punk, ska and rock. Many of these bands adopted a very recognizable aesthetic influenced by campy references to Soviet art, burlesque aesthetics, and the classic punk style of the Clash. Gogol Bordello, in particular, achieved a degree of mainstream success.
In the Northeast yet another community was emerging around the band Mischief Brew and Fistolo Records. These acts merged the DIY punk underground with '60s radical folk in the vein of Phil Ochs and contemporary anarchist folk musicians like David Rovics. Notable artists from the Northeast at this time were punk/appalachian hybrids the Can Kickers, and influential singer/songwriter Pat the Bunny under the name Johnny Hobo and the Freight Trains. Pat later went on to form Wingnut Dishwashers Union in the late 2000s.  They are considered by many to be a highly definitive folk punk artist.
During this period, the genre gained increased attention as Against Me! from Gainesville, Florida achieved mainstream success; however this coincided with a change in their sound towards a more conventional punk rock sound that led to many in the scene considering them to have sold out.
In the mid-2000s, the west coast began to produce its own DIY scene of folk punk artists with a different sound, connected with Santa Cruz's Blackbird Raum who feature a completely acoustic lineup based entirely around traditional instruments, but with fast punk rhythms and bleak, political lyrics influenced by crust punk. They are closely associated with the all-acoustic hardcore band Hail Seizures and the Northwest Folklife festival folk-punk stage. These west coast bands play acoustically in order to busk. This time also hosted the rise of folk punk created in the Southwest United States. AJJ began in 2004 in Phoenix, AZ drawing inspiration from and collaborating with artists around the country.
In 2004, the Moldy Peaches split up and Kimya Dawson began releasing solo work. In 2007, their music was featured extensively in the soundtrack for the film Juno. This soundtrack went on to win a Grammy for Best Compilation Soundtrack in 2009.
In 2006, Brian Sella and Mat Uychich formed the Front Bottoms. Their first two albums, I Hate My Friends and My Grandma vs. Pneumonia, as well as first EP, Brothers Can't Be Friends'', featured them as well as Mat's brother, also named Brian.
2010s and 2020s
In 2011, Pat the Bunny and others started Ramshackle Glory in Tucson, Arizona. This turned out to be their last larger collaborative project, as in 2016, revered by many as an integral part of the community, they announced their retirement from folk punk altogether. They cited a dramatic change in their viewpoints, shifting away from anarchism in politics and punk music.
2016 saw also the death of Erik Petersen, member and founder of Mischief Brew, and the subsequent groups disbanding.
One of the most notable disruptions within the community occurred in 2017, when Chris Clavin, founder of Plan-It-X Records and member of several bands including Ghost Mice, was accused of sexual misconduct by several individuals.. While they were defended by some close to him, bands they have collaborated with including Kimya Dawson, AJJ, Waxahatchee, Spoonboy and Ramshackle Glory have condemned their actions, left Plan-It-X Records, and removed their work from future printings of split albums. While abusers who were musically successful often went unreported or still maintained their respect within the scene, people in the movement and subculture held Clavin accountable to their actions. These events might have helped in encouraging several people coming forward in subsequent months against further members of the community.
The continued rise in popularity of several folk punk acts during this decade was aided by the emergence and spread of musical videos on websites like YouTube. Some of these videos gained widespread recognition, as exemplified by Days N' Daze's Misanthropic Drunken Loner, reaching well past 5 million views to date. Notably three channels have emerged over the years, featuring folk punk acts in various formats: A Fistful of Vinyl is a Los Angeles radio show with live sessions every Thursday night on KXLU 88.9 FM. AFoV releases videos of their studio sessions since 2012 periodically on YouTube. Shibby Pictures is a YouTube channel that features mostly indie music videos, short movies and documentaries since about 2010.
The songwriting of Matt Pless's has been compared to that of Bob Dylan. In 2014 Bostonian working class folk punker Bryan McPherson got banned by Disney from playing Anaheim's House of Blues, due to their political lyrics.
Celtic punk
The Pogues' style of punked-up Irish music spawned and influenced a number of Celtic punk bands, including Nyah Fearties from Scotland, and Australia's Roaring Jack. It has been particularly popular in the US and Canada, where there are large communities descended from Irish and Scottish immigrants. From the USA this includes Irish-influenced bands Flogging Molly, the Tossers, Dropkick Murphys, Street Dogs, the Young Dubliners, Black 47, the Killdares, Flatfoot 56, and Jackdaw, and Scottish bands such as Seven Nations. From Canada come the Dreadnoughts, the Real McKenzies and the Mahones; from Australia, the Rumjacks, Roaring Jack and Mutiny; Catgut Mary; from the UK, Neck (featuring a former member of Shane MacGowan's post-Pogues band, the Popes) and Ferocious Dog; from Germany, Fiddler's Green; from the Czech Republic, Pipes And Pints; and from Norway, Greenland Whalefishers. These groups were influenced by American forms of music, and sometimes contained members with no Celtic ancestry and had lyrics sung in English.
See also
Cowpunk
Protest song
References
Punk rock genres
Fusion music genres
British styles of music
British rock music genres
Erigeron hultenii is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae known as Hulten's fleabane. It has been found in the state of Alaska in the United States, from Campbell Creek Valley about 11 miles (17.6 km) north of Anchorage.
Erigeron hultenii is a small perennial rarely more than 7 centimeters (2.8 inches) tall. Most of the leaves are on the lower part of the stem. Each plant generally produces only one flower head, with up to 45 pink or lavender ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
The species is named for Swedish botanist Oskar Eric Gunnar Hultén (1894 - 1981), one of the most prolific authorities on Alaskan botany.
References
hultenii
Flora of Alaska
Plants described in 1973
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Arthur Soltvedt Møbelfabrikk, also known as Pega Furniture, was a Norwegian family business established in 1942. It was one of the first Norwegian furniture manufacturers with a focus on serial production and one of the major participators in Norwegian furniture exports during the 1950s and 1960s. Production was discontinued in 2011.
History
First established in Øystese during the Second World War, the business relocated to the village of Florvåg on the island Askøy, just north of Bergen, in 1948.
The business originally manufactured simple bedroom furniture, like small beds, but during cooperation with Danish designer Ib Juul Christiansen in 1952 the Pega furniture system was developed. This system would become the breakthrough of the company both nationally and internationally, and was based around the concept of being able to combine the various different furniture types in many different ways. Over 50% of production were for exports, mainly to the US and Germany. Exports to the US were handled by the companies Scandialine and ScandiCraft.
Due to the massive amounts of production needed for exports, the company moved to new locales slightly north of the area where they first were located. This increased the production are from 500 sq m to 2600 sq m, and opened up the possibility of employing more personnel for the production.
The company moved yet again in 1979, this time to Follese on the western side of Askøy.
During the 1980s the company started suffering financially due to the market shifting towards larger corporations, making it more difficult for smaller, independent manufacturers to compete. The decline continued during the '90s and parts of the market for exports disappeared. The need for employees was reduced; in 2003 the company had only 12.
The financial crisis ruined the last part of the export market, and the board of directors decided to discontinue production in 2011.
References
Furniture companies of Norway
Defunct companies of Norway
Manufacturing companies established in 1942
Manufacturing companies disestablished in 2011
Norwegian companies established in 1942
2011 disestablishments in Norway
In physics, a vapor (American English) or vapour (British English and Canadian English; see spelling differences) is a substance in the gas phase at a temperature lower than its critical temperature, which means that the vapor can be condensed to a liquid by increasing the pressure on it without reducing the temperature. A vapor is different from an aerosol. An aerosol is a suspension of tiny particles of liquid, solid, or both within a gas.
For example, water has a critical temperature of , which is the highest temperature at which liquid water can exist. In the atmosphere at ordinary temperatures gaseous water (known as water vapor) will condense into a liquid if its partial pressure is increased sufficiently.
A vapor may co-exist with a liquid (or a solid). When this is true, the two phases will be in equilibrium, and the gas-partial pressure will be equal to the equilibrium vapor pressure of the liquid (or solid).
Properties
Vapor refers to a gas phase at a temperature where the same substance can also exist in the liquid or solid state, below the critical temperature of the substance. (For example, water has a critical temperature of 374 °C (647 K), which is the highest temperature at which liquid water can exist.) If the vapor is in contact with a liquid or solid phase, the two phases will be in a state of equilibrium. The term gas refers to a compressible fluid phase. Fixed gases are gases for which no liquid or solid can form at the temperature of the gas, such as air at typical ambient temperatures. A liquid or solid does not have to boil to release a vapor.
Vapor is responsible for the familiar processes of cloud formation and condensation. It is commonly employed to carry out the physical processes of distillation and headspace extraction from a liquid sample prior to gas chromatography.
The constituent molecules of a vapor possess vibrational, rotational, and translational motion. These motions are considered in the kinetic theory of gases.
Vapor pressure
The vapor pressure is the equilibrium pressure from a liquid or a solid at a specific temperature. The equilibrium vapor pressure of a liquid or solid is not affected by the amount of contact with the liquid or solid interface.
The normal boiling point of a liquid is the temperature at which the vapor pressure is equal to normal atmospheric pressure.
For two-phase systems (e.g., two liquid phases), the vapor pressure of the individual phases are equal. In the absence of stronger inter-species attractions between like-like or like-unlike molecules, the vapor pressure follows Raoult's law, which states that the partial pressure of each component is the product of the vapor pressure of the pure component and its mole fraction in the mixture. The total vapor pressure is the sum of the component partial pressures.
Examples
Perfumes contain chemicals that vaporize at different temperatures and at different rate in scent accords, known as notes.
Atmospheric water vapor is found near the earth's surface, and may condense into small liquid droplets and form meteorological phenomena, such as fog, mist, and haar.
Mercury-vapor lamps and sodium vapor lamps produce light from atoms in excited states.
Flammable liquids do not burn when ignited. It is the vapor cloud above the liquid that will burn if the vapor's concentration is between the lower flammable limit (LFL) and upper flammable limit (UFL), of the flammable liquid.
E-cigarettes produce aerosols, not vapors.
Measuring vapor
Since it is in the gas phase, the amount of vapor present is quantified by the partial pressure of the gas. Also, vapors obey the barometric formula in a gravitational field, just as conventional atmospheric gases do.
See also
References
Gases
Pressure
Chemical properties
ca:Vapour
fr:Vapeur
gl:Vapour
GLX may refer to:
GLX, OpenGL Extension to the X Window System
Gamar Malamo Airport, in Indonesia
GLX, the Global LNG Exchange, a liquefied natural gas trading platform
Green Line Extension, a light rail project in Cambridge, Somerville, and Medford, Massachusetts, United States
{{Infobox character
| color = #DEDEE2
| name = Kevin Butler
| series = It Only Does Everything commercials Long Live Play commercials'
| image =
| caption = Kevin Butler as they appear in "It Only Does 256 Players/Relentless War"
| first = Dustin vs. PlayStation
| creator = Sony Computer Entertainment America
| portrayer = Jerry Lambert
| occupation = Vice President of various departments of PlayStation
| gender = Male
}}
Kevin Butler (portrayed by Jerry Lambert) was a marketing character used by Sony Computer Entertainment America as part of their It Only Does Everything (2009–11) and Long Live Play (2011) advertising campaigns for the PlayStation 3 in North America. They starred as the Vice President of various fictitious departments within the PlayStation division of Sony, responding to "Dear PlayStation" queries. Due to the positive reception to the commercials, Sony extended them throughout the remainder of 2010 as well as into 2011. The character was created by Deutsch LA, the advertising agency responsible for the campaign. Deutsch/LA also managed Kevin Butler's Twitter account and wrote their E3 2010 speech. Creative Circus graduates from Will Lindberg and Mark Adler were responsible for creating the "Hall of Play" Facebook application to induct PlayStation gamers into the Hall of Play by Kevin Butler.
Appearances
Kevin Butler first appeared in a 2009 ad for MLB 09: The Show called "Dustin vs. PlayStation" where he, the "Director of Game Accuracy", was debating the in-game abilities of Dustin Pedroia, 2008 AL MVP. They then appeared in another ad for the game called "Joe the Fan" discussing Pedroia's abilities with a fan named Joe Biancanellio, a Baseball Connoisseur. These are the only two commercials not part of It Only Does Everything campaign and featured the original model PS3 due to these two commercials being made before the slim model was released. The original PS3 model can also be seen in Kevin Butler's "Artist Spotlight" for ModNation Racers.
The first commercial in It Only Does Everything campaign began with the price drop and rebranding of the PS3 where the "Director of Rumor Confirmation", Kevin Butler, responded to a call in regards to a rumor about the PS3 price drop. Kevin Butler then appeared in many additional commercials. On June 15, 2010, they made a live appearance at Sony's E3 press conference promoting the PlayStation Move and gaming in general. They revealed on their Twitter account that they had a college degree in M.B.A., Master of Being Awesome. In the "What Are You Waiting For?" commercial, it was shown that Kevin Butler had their own RV called "The PlayStation VP-ehicle" and they put the PlayStation Move to the ultimate test by spending 90 days in the Maguire family's house.
For the 2009 holiday season, Kevin Butler teamed up with Best Buy employee Nick DeVita from New York to promote a PS3 Best Buy bundle. They also teamed up to promote PS3 Best Buy bundles for the consequent holiday seasons in 2010 and 2011.
On August 26, 2011, Butler told their Twitter followers "KB's off to be PRESIDENT of my uncle's new upstart company" which was later revealed to be fictional "Economy Flooring". This led to the launch of a new marketing campaign, Long Live Play, to succeed It Only Does Everything marketing campaign. The first commercial in the Long Live Play campaign began with Butler as President, Economic Flooring, until they receive a call from Jack Tretton, President of Sony Computer Entertainment America, to return to PlayStation.
On October 27, 2011 (until Thanksgiving 2011), as part of the Long Live Play campaign, Kevin Butler opened the "Hall of Play" inducting PlayStation gamers into the Hall of Play through Facebook. As part of a DLC pack for LittleBigPlanet Karting, players who pre-ordered the game received a Kevin Butler Sackboy Costume and Executive Golf Cart.
Titles
They had a different title in each commercial (except the two MLB 11: The Show commercials, the Resistance 3 and Uncharted 3: Drake's Deception commercials), such as "Director of Rumor Confirmation" or "VP of First-Person Shooter Relations". In their YouTube Channel, they noted that they were "PlayStation VP of... Lots of Stuff." In the PlayStation Move commercials, instead of responding to "Dear PlayStation" queries, Kevin Butler had "Dear World" queries about motion gaming. In the "EyePet, There's a New Pet in Town" commercial, they had a "Dear Puppies" query for puppies. In the video announcing the launch of video streaming on PlayStation 3 in Canada, they referred to Canadians as "Canadese".
There have also been some unofficial titles given to him. At E3 2010, for example, when Gabe Newell came out to present Portal 2 on the PlayStation 3, Newell made a joke stating that Kevin Butler had introduced themselves backstage as the "VP of Sharpening Things" which is why Newell seemed nervous.
Hall of Play
The Hall of Play was a fictional Hall of Fame that honored PlayStation gamers as part of Sony's Long Live Play campaign. The Hall of Play opened on October 27, 2011 with a Kevin Butler version of PlayStation's "To Michael" commercial (Kevin Butler was praised and their picture was shown at the end instead of Michael's). Kevin Butler began inducting various gamers every weekday into the Hall of Play on November 1, 2011 until Thanksgiving (November 24, 2011). Although Kevin Butler no longer personally inducted gamers after November 24, 2011 with their own induction video, PlayStation gamers could still be inducted by Butler through PlayStation's Facebook page app where Kevin Butler walks players through the Hall of Play and has players recite the Hall of Play oath. Players were then treated to their own version of the "To Michael" commercial, with their name being praised and a picture of themselves in the place of Michael's picture (the app has since been taken down).
Controversies
In one of their first commercials, in response to a rumor monger questioning a then-confirmed price drop for the PlayStation 3, they say, "You can't believe everything you read on the Internet. Otherwise, I'd be a Nigerian millionaire by now." This prompted Nigeria's Minister of Information and Communication, Professor Dora Akunyili, to demand an apology from Sony, calling the commercial an "unwarranted attack on the reputation and image of the country." In response, Sony promptly issued an apology to the Nigerian government and immediately removed the commercial from the air. A few days later, Sony replaced the commercial with an edited version, replacing the original line with, "You can't believe everything you read on the Internet. That's how World War I got started."
In July 2010, New Zealand television station TV3 ran an advertisement for "Something big on Monday nights". Gaming website ButtonMasher accused TV3 of directly ripping off the "Mon-Tage, It Only Does All-Nighters/Blu-ray Games" commercial. Kevin Butler replied via Twitter: "Dear TV3: You could have at least put my photo on top of the amp. Sheesh."
In January, 2011, Sony sued George Hotz and others, in part for publishing PS3's private keys (which allows users to modify the system to run customized or unofficial software). On 9 February 2011, a post was published on Kevin Butler's Twitter account containing an earlier dongle key. The post was made in reply to another user who tweeted the code to @TheKevinButler in an attempt to mock Sony's threat that they'd prosecute anyone who "posts the PlayStation 3 private key" Kevin Butler replied, appearing to mistake the code for a series of coordinates in the game Battleship, joking "Lemme guess... you sank my Battleship?" and copying the original message in their reply. The post was later deleted from the @TheKevinButler Twitter account.
On September 11, 2012, Sony sued Lambert, alleging trademark infringement, due to their appearance in a Bridgestone commercial that featured the Wii as part of a sales promotion.
They settled four months later, with Lambert agreeing not to appear in video game advertisements for two years.
Reception
The string of commercials starring Kevin Butler was met with positive acclaim due to its humorous and lively tone. Gaming site Kotaku commented on the first two commercials that were released, "What we didn't mention is how funny they are." Sony Computer Entertainment America Senior Vice President Peter Dille said that the commercials had "been tremendously successful. Consumers love it. It's great to hear people like you guys love it. And the results are really in the sales because it's really been flying since this coincided in September with the launch of the new PS3." Engadget also loved the commercials saying, "We have to hand it to Sony, they've followed up nicely on their "worst kept secret" trade show jokes with an ad campaign that is fittingly self-aware". Destructoid praised the commercials, saying that they were much better than Sony's previous White Room'' series of ads, which was met with mostly negative reception, with most calling it "creepy." When Butler appeared at E3 2010, they were met with large praise from the audience.
Peter Dille, the real VP of Marketing for Sony Computer Entertainment America, said that the company had received requests for interviews with Butler from people who did not realize that they were a fictional character.
NPR named a sandwich in their honor.
The sandwich, a double bacon cheeseburger sandwiched in between two Monte Cristos was based on a remark that was made by the fictional executive.
Their catchphrase "Well played, Mauer", from a series of commercials with 2009 AL MVP Joe Mauer, is widely quoted among baseball fans, and has been the subject of parodies and T-shirts. The clip was regularly played on the main video board at Target Field whenever Mauer made a winning play, such as a hit or a home run.
See also
Marcus Rivers
References
External links
Hall of Play
Male characters in advertising
Fictional businesspeople
Mascots introduced in 2009
PlayStation (brand)
Video game marketing
Cherokee Bat and the Goat Guys (1993) is the third book in the Dangerous Angels series by Francesca Lia Block. It focuses on Cherokee, the daughter of Weetzie Bat, and their friends as they start a band, find success, and deal with the corruption of their spirits.
Plot summary
While the grown-ups are away making a movie, teenager Cherokee is left to cheer up their sort-of sister Witch Baby, who is deeply depressed. Cherokee makes them a pair of wings out of wire and feathers, and it cheers Witch Baby up due to an unexplained magical power. The two girls decided to start a band and enlist their two male friends, Raphael and Angel Juan.
As their band becomes successful, the other members acquire magical items to wear. Raphael begins to wear goat pants, Angel Juan gets horns, and Cherokee gets hoof-like boots. However, these items begin to lead them down a path of drugs, sex, and jealousy and things begin to unravel. In the end, Cherokee, disturbed by the changes in their friends, makes off with the magical costumes, causing their friends to re-examine their choices and find their way back to their normal selves.
References
1993 American novels
American young adult novels
Novels by Francesca Lia Block
Novels set in Los Angeles
Novels about music
Gassel is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It is located in the former municipality of Grave. Since 2022 it has been part of the new municipality of Land van Cuijk.
History
Gassel was mentioned first in 1485 as Gassel, and means "guesthouse". Gassel probably dates from the Early Middle Ages and developed on a sandy hill.
The St John, the Baptist Church was built in 1875 in Gothic Revival style. It was modified in 1888. The castle Tongelaar is located south of Gassel and was first mentioned in 1292 as belonging to the Lords of Cuijk. The south-western tower dates from the 15th century. Around 1771, the other buildings were constructed.
Gassel was home to 200 people in 1840. Gassel was a separate municipality since the year 1811 until 1942, when it was merged with Beers.
In 1994, the municipality of Beers was divided between Cuijk and Grave, and Gassel became incorporated into Grave. In 2022, it was merged into Land van Cuijk.
Gallery
References
External links
Stichting Dorpsraad Gassel
Populated places in North Brabant
Former municipalities of North Brabant
Geography of Land van Cuijk
Tongo Island () is an island in the Ionian Sea in southern Albania. It is a rocky island, and its waters are rich in aquatic life. The island is situated about off the Greek coast. It has an area of .
See also
Tourism in Albania
Albanian Riviera
Geography of Albania
References
Uninhabited islands of Albania
Ionian Islands
Islands of Albania
Geography of Vlorë County
James Mackintosh (18 October 1827 – 9 May 1897) was a 19th-century Liberal Party Member of Parliament in Southland, New Zealand.
Early life
They were born in Lochinver, Sutherlandshire, Scotland, and went to Victoria, Australia as a young man with their father. At Moonee Ponds, they and their brother Murdoch Mackintosh were stock-breeders. The 1940 edition of the Dictionary of New Zealand Biography lists them as a representative of East Bourke in the Victoria Legislative Assembly, but this is incorrect and based on a confusion with the similarly named James Macintosh.
Mackintosh married Anne McLean in 1852. Them father owned the Pollio station on the Darling River.
Life New Zealand
The Mackintoshs moved to New Zealand in 1866, where they were also a runholder. They first bought the Strathmore estate in the Otautau district, and later the Gladfield estate. They retired from farming in 1884 and moved to Invercargill.
From 1880 until shortly before their death, Mackintosh was a member of the Southland Education Board. They set up the Aparima road board. While obituaries in The Evening Post (Wellington) and The Star (Christchurch) mention their membership of the Southland Provincial Council, their name does not appear on the council's roll compiled by Guy Scholefield in their 1950 edition of the New Zealand Parliamentary Record, 1840–1949. For a time, they were chairperson of the Wallace County Council.
Mackintosh stood in the electorate and was beaten by the incumbent, George Richardson. They represented the Wallace electorate from the for two parliamentary terms.
They were an advocate of cheap government loans for settlers. In the , the Wallace electorate was contested by five candidates, and Mackintosh came last.
Death
Annie Mackintosh died on 11 May 1880 in Invercargill. Mackintosh died on 9 May 1897, aged 69. They left seven sons and four daughters.
References
1827 births
1897 deaths
Burials at Eastern Cemetery, Invercargill
New Zealand Liberal Party MPs
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
New Zealand people of Scottish descent
New Zealand farmers
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1887 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1896 New Zealand general election
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Essentials of Post–Cold War Deterrence is a document produced in 1995 as a "Terms of Reference" by the Policy Subcommittee of the Strategic Advisory Group (SAG) of the United States Strategic Command (current USSTRATCOM, former CINCSTRAT), a branch of the Department of Defense. The document, drafted under former Commander-in-Chief of CINCSTRAT Admiral Chiles, is to be used as a baseline for future policies and strategies in "expanding the Deterrence of the Use of Weapons of mass destruction." Although originally classified, it has since been declassified and published by the Nautilus Institute.
The Introduction of the document states the following:
Over the period of the Cold War, both the United States and the Soviet Union developed an understanding of deterrence and its role in preventing war with one another. With the end of the Cold War and the spread of Weapons of mass destruction, deterrence takes on a broader multinational dimension. This paper addresses the broader view of deterrence and the question, "How do we deter nations, other than the Former Soviet Union, from using Weapons of Mass Destruction?"
The article is notable not only for its significance in outlining current United States military strategy and foreign policy, but also for its explicit advocation of ambiguity regarding "what is permitted" for other nations and its endorsement of "irrationality", or more precisely, the perception thereof, as an important tool in deterrence and foreign policy.
The document claims that the capacity of the United States in exercising deterrence would be hurt by portraying U.S. leaders as fully rational and cool-headed, stating that:
See also
Deterrence theory
Peace through strength
External links
Essentials of Post-Cold War Deterrence 1995, PDF version of the document.
U.S. Strategic Command Official USSTRATCOM website.
Nuclear warfare
Nuclear strategy
1995 documents
Ellerbe Springs Hotel is a historic rural resort hotel located near Ellerbe, Richmond County, North Carolina. It was built around 1875 and is a two-story, three part, rambling frame dwelling in the Late Victorian style. It consists of a five bay central block with five bay flanking wings and steep hipped roofs. It features a one-story, wraparound porch. Also on the property is a contributing late-19th century dance pavilion. The hotel developed around a mineral spring. Eleanor Roosevelt was a visitor to the site in 1940, when they spoke of the president's National Youth Administration program.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
References
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Victorian architecture in North Carolina
Hotel buildings completed in 1875
Buildings and structures in Randolph County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Richmond County, North Carolina
Grock is a 1931 German drama film directed by Carl Boese and starring Grock, Liane Haid, and Betty Bird. Grock, a famous circus performer, appears as himself.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Robert Neppach. A separate French-language version was also released.
Cast
Grock as Grock, themselves
Liane Haid as Bianca, seine Frau
Betty Bird as Ines, seine Assistantin
Max van Embden as Max van Embden, sein Partner, themselves
Harry Hardt as Graf Wettach
Gyula Szőreghy as Der Garderobier
Fritz Alberti as Der Auktionator
Philipp Manning as Ein Amerikaner
Adolf E. Licho as 1. Nichtkäufer
Ernõ Szenes as 2. Nichtkäufer
Paul Hörbiger as Ein ungeschickter Geldsucher
Kurt Lilien as 1. Varietédirektor
Julius Falkenstein as 2. Varietédirektor
Heinz Marlow as Ein Zirkusdirektor
Hugo Fischer-Köppe as Artist
Gerhard Dammann as Artist
Raffles Bill as Artist
References
Bibliography
External links
1931 comedy films
German comedy films
1931 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
1930s German-language films
Films directed by Carl Boese
German multilingual films
Films about clowns
German black-and-white films
1931 multilingual films
1930s German films
Halizah (or chalitzah; ) is, under the biblical system of levirate marriage known as yibbum, the process by which a childless widow and a brother of their deceased husband may avoid the duty to marry.
The process involves the widow making a declaration, taking off a shoe of the brother (i.e., their brother-in-law), and spitting on the floor. Through this ceremony, the brother and any other brothers are released from the obligation of marrying the woman for the purpose of conceiving a child which would be considered the progeny of the deceased man. The ceremony of chalitzah makes the widow free to marry whomever they desire, except for a Cohen (priest). ().
It is sufficient for only one brother-in-law to perform the ceremony. The mode of levirate marriage () is thus modified in the Deuteronomic code attributed to Moses, by permitting the surviving brother to refuse to marry their brother's widow, provided they submit to the ceremony of halitzah. In the Talmudic period the tendency against the original mode was intensified by apprehension that the brother-in-law might desire to marry their brother's widow for motives other than that of "establishing a name unto their brother." Therefore, many Talmudic and later rabbis preferred halitzah to actual marriage. Thus the ancient institution of the levirate marriage fell into disuse, so that at present halitzah is the general rule and marriage the rare exception.
In theory, however, the Biblical law of levirate marriage is still presumed in force, thus making the childless widow who remarries someone other than their brother-in-law without performing the halitzah ceremony an adulterer.
The ceremony
Deuteronomy describes the ceremony simply. In the presence of town elders, the widow recites a prescribed formula which scolds them for not building their brother's household, loosens the shoe of the brother-in-law, and spits on the floor. In the Talmud, however, the rabbis explained the ceremony as a more solemn and public act. The Halizah is a very humiliating ceremony for both the parties involved. It is believed that when the ceremony is performed publicly, the humiliation and the shame that the brother and the widow feel in meant to break the bond that they hold. The ceremony must take place before a court of three, who need not be very learned, but must at least understand Hebrew. All those who are disqualified from testifying in legal matters are disqualified also from acting on this board of judges. These three appoint two others to assist them, and at the service on the evening preceding the day of the ceremony they appoint a place for its performance, to give the matter more publicity. The place chosen is usually the synagogue court or the house of the rabbi, although the ceremony may take place in the house of the widow. All investigations into the concerned parties are conducted the previous day, on which both are instructed in ceremony details, and on which the yebamah (widowed sister-in-law) is not allowed to eat. The halitzah should not be performed in the evening, nor on a Sabbath or a holiday, nor on the eve of a Sabbath or a holiday.
On the day set for the halitzah, immediately after the morning service, when all the people are still in the synagogue, the three judges and their two assistants, who also act as witnesses, meet at the appointed place. The three judges sit on one bench, the two assistants on a bench placed beside it; the yabam (brother-in-law) and the yebamah stand between them. Before the ceremony, a public examination establishes the relationship of the parties and their maturity. If one is a minor, a deaf-mute, a mute, or mentally handicapped, or has a crooked or turned foot, the halitzah cannot be performed. The court must also know whether they are left-handed or whether they are left-footed, and must be convinced that more than ninety-one days have passed since the death of their husband.
To establish these matters it is not necessary to have legally eligible witnesses. Even those who are otherwise disqualified from testifying may become witnesses. Both the yabam and the yebamah must be made aware of the fact that by this ceremony the widow becomes free to marry whomever they may desire.
The halitzah shoe
After these preliminary details, and after the yabam makes a public declaration that they have not been forced by outside influence to submit to the halitzah, but acts of their own free will, the ceremony commences. The shoe, which is usually the property of the community, is brought forth and examined as to cleanliness and construction, in accordance with the precepts of the law. The halitzah shoe is made entirely of leather, usually from the hide of a kosher animal.
It is made of two pieces, the upper part and the sole, sewn together with leather threads. Three small straps are attached to the front of the shoe, each of which has a knot (humrata) at the top to fit a hole made on the other side of the shoe. Two white leather straps attach to either side of the shoe and fasten it to the leg.
The yabam must have their right foot, on which the shoe is placed, washed very scrupulously, and after they have strapped it on they must walk four cubits in the presence of the judges. Then the chief judge reads the following passage, which the yebamah repeats word for word:
"My brother-in-law refuses to raise unto their brother a name in Israel; they will not marry me."
Then the yabam repeats the sentence:
"I do not wish to take her."
They then presses their right foot against the floor while they loosen the straps with their right hand and, holding their leg in their left hand, takes off the shoe and throws it some distance away. Then they place themselves in front of the yabam, spits on the floor in front of him, and repeats these words after the presiding judge:
"So shall it be done unto that man who will not build up their brother's house, and their name shall be called in Israel, 'the house of them that hath their shoe loosed."
They repeat the last phrase three times and the assembly recites it three times after them Then the yabam returns the shoe to the court, and the judges say:
"May it be the will [of God] that Jewish women be no more subjected to halitzah or to yibbum."
As they rise, the chief of the judges says:
"Blessed be They who sanctified us with the commandments and statutes of Abraham our father."
All the passages recited by the yabam and by the yebamah must be read in Hebrew as they are found in the original in Deuteronomy. If the parties do not understand Hebrew the passages must be translated for them.
The ceremony of loosening the shoe has been explained in various ways. From the incident in the Book of Ruth (), which certainly refers to this ancient custom, it seems the loosening of the shoe symbolized a transfer of rights, and had no stigma attached to it. Some later rabbis—Yechiel of Paris, for instance—say the removal of the shoe symbolized the entrance into a state of mourning. From the time the yabam refused to marry their brother's widow and thus perpetuate their name in Israel, the brother was considered dead, and the yebamah, by drawing off their shoe, thus declared to them that from that time on they were a mourner.
Another possibility comes from Wesley's Notes:
Deut 25:10 Their name - That is, their person, and their posterity also. So it was a lasting blot.
A similar example of renouncing rights by removing one's shoe, in this case the renunciation of rights to redeem one's brother's land, appears in the Book of Ruth.
Halitzah document
To prevent the yabam from extorting money from the widow who wishes release from the shackles of perpetual widowhood, the Rabbis established the institution of the shetar halitzah ("halitzah document"). This institution provides that at a young couple's marriage, all brothers must sign a document pledging to submit to halitzah without remuneration, in case their brother dies childless. In the case of a minor brother, who could not legally sign the document, the institution of the shetar bitchon halitzah, established by the Rabbis for such cases, had the father of the bridegroom promise to pay money to the bride if the minor son should later refuse the halitzah ceremony. The practice of signing these halitzah documents has fallen out of currency in North America.
Frequency
Today Halizhah is a requirement of law in Israel. No Orthodox rabbi will perform the Yibbum, most dismiss the idea of Levirate marriage as being an outdated idea. Reform Jews on the other hand dismiss both the idea of Yibbum and Halizhah all together. Therefore, although rare, only Orthodox Jews still observe halitzah in all its details when the occasion requires. There are generally only between 10 and 20 ceremonies per year in Israel.
In Reform Judaism
The Reform view, as expressed in various treatises written by the leaders of the movement, and as adopted at the different rabbinical conferences held in Germany and in America, is that the ceremony of halitzah is not essential to the remarriage of the widow. The Philadelphia Conference (1869) resolved that "The precept of levirate marriage and of halizah has lost to us all meaning, import, and binding force." The Second Israelite Synod, held in Augsburg (1871), passed a resolution to the same effect, adding that "For the sake of liberty of conscience, however, no rabbi will refuse, on request of the parties, to conduct the ceremony of halizah in a proper form."
See also
Yibbum
Takkanot Shum
References
Jewish marital law
Uses of leather in Judaism
Positive Mitzvoth
Uses of shoes
Widow inheritance
Naqdbesh (; also known as Nagdābesh, Naqdābshar, Naqdbīsh, and Naqdesh) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 50, in 13 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Podanotum is a Neotropical genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.All the species except Podanotum salaeides (Draudt, 1919) are recently described.
References
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Stanko "Špaco" Poklepović (19 April 1938 – 24 December 2018) was a Croatian professional football player and manager.
Poklepović managed a number of teams over 46 years, including Hajduk Split on four separate occasions. They were also the first manager to win the Croatian First Football League with Hajduk Split, in its inaugural season, in 1992.
They died on 24 December 2018, at Split Hospital, after a long battle with health issues, aged 80.
Playing career
Throughout their whole career, Poklepović played for RNK Split, between 1956 and 1976, and won the Yugoslav Second League twice, first in the 1956–57 (Zone I) season, and then after in the 1959–60 (West) season.
Coaching career
They made their impact in the 1984–85 Yugoslav First League as a manager of Hajduk Split when they took over the Yugoslav powerhouse at the time when a lot of important players left the club and a lot of young players like Asanović, Andrijašević and Španjić joined the club with no experience.
Poklepović almost won the league but finished 2nd because of match-fixing that was popular with other clubs in the league. Hajduk broke the record and scored 2 or more goals in every match that season.
In the 1985–86 UEFA Cup, Poklepović lead Hajduk to the quarter-finals. Poklepović won the first leg match against Waregem 1–0 on Poljud but they were then sacked from Hajduk for under-performing in the league so they didn't manage the second leg game against Waregem which Hajduk lost on penalties after a 0–1 defeat.
In 1991, they returned to Hajduk, winning the 1992 Prva HNL which was Poklepović's first league trophy in their career. In 1992, they took over the Croatia national football team, but after 4 games and only 1 win, they left the team.
In 1994, they went to manage the Iran national football team and Persepolis. They won the 1995–96 Azadegan League and the 1996–97 Azadegan League with Persepolis.
In 1998, they took over Osijek and won the 1998–99 Croatian Cup which is Osijek's first and only trophy till today. They also finished 4th in the Prva HNL the same season and secured a place in European competitions for Osijek. They returned again to Iran in 2005 and 2009, but unsuccessfully.
In February 2010, they returned to Hajduk Split for the third time. They won the 2009–10 Croatian Cup and finished 2nd in the Prva HNL the same season. They qualified with Hajduk for the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League after defeating Dinamo București and Unirea Urziceni in the qualifying rounds. In the 2010–11 Prva HNL, they controlled the 1st position for a while and became a favorite of the fans and the media. In the Europa League, they defeated Anderlecht 1–0 on Poljud, which was Hajduk's biggest European victory since the mid 1990s. After losing a cup game against Istra 1961 in the round of 16 and losing the 1st position in the league, they were sacked by Hajduk chairperson Joško Svaguša on 27 October 2010.
In February 2015, five years later, Poklepović returned again to Hajduk Split for the fourth time in their career, but later in April, they were sacked because of underperforming in the league.
Quotes
Look at this, they call me funnel, then they said, the Špaco funnel. Go to hell you and that funnel. You don't know what is a funnel or what is a defense.
After being asked by a reporter to elaborate their defense tactics which Poklepović compared to a funnel
I asked Ahmad what is a penetration and they look at me confused. I elaborate to them that penetration is a process in which the male penis enters the female vagina, and when I asked them what is ecstasy, half of the dressing room started laughing on the floor. I am a coach that educates, I speak about everything, even sex.
When asked about Ahmad Sharbini's limited playing time
Excuse me?! Please don't ask me that! What bunker, we had 8 chances to score while they had 10. Where is the bunker there?! What are you talking about, you should quit journalism.
When accused by a reporter of using bunker tactics after winning the 2010 Croatian Cup against NK Šibenik
I feel great, mentally and physically. I may be too old for sex, but not for football.
After becoming manager of Hajduk Split for the fourth time in their career at the age of 77
In Croatian, there are no attributes which can describe the greatness of Hajduk Split. Hajduk is not only immortal, Hajduk is indestructible
When asked to describe what is Hajduk Split
Managerial statistics
Honours
Player
Split
Yugoslav Second League: 1956–57 (Zone I), 1959–60 (West)
Manager
Hajduk Split
Prva HNL: 1992
Croatian Cup: 2009–10
Croatian Supercup: 1992
Persepolis
Azadegan League (changed later to Persian Gulf Pro League): 1995–96, 1996–97
Osijek
Croatian Cup: 1998–99
References
External links
Stanko Poklepović profile at soccerway.com
1938 births
2018 deaths
Yugoslav footballers
Croatian footballers
RNK Split players
Yugoslav football managers
Croatian football managers
Croatia national football team managers
Croatian expatriate football managers
Sepahan S.C. managers
Expatriate football managers in Iran
Iran national football team managers
Sportspeople from Split, Croatia
Persepolis F.C. managers
Expatriate football managers in Cyprus
HNK Hajduk Split managers
NK Osijek managers
Expatriate football managers in Hungary
Ferencvárosi TC managers
Expatriate football managers in Montenegro
FK Budućnost Podgorica managers
FK Borac Banja Luka managers
APOEL FC managers
RNK Split managers
NK GOŠK Dubrovnik managers
Damash Gilan managers
Association footballers not categorized by position
Deaths from kidney failure
Persian Gulf Pro League managers
Carmen C. Bambach (1959) is an American art historian and curator of Italian and Spanish drawings at the New York Metropolitan Museum of Art who specializes in Italian Renaissance art.  They are considered one of the world's leading specialists on Leonardo da Vinci, especially their drawings.
Career
Bambach received their bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees from Yale University.
As part of the 2017 Michelangelo, Bambach attributed a black chalk sketch to the artist in challenge to extant consensus.
They curated the Met's Michelangelo exhibition in 2017 and published the four-volume Leonardo da Vinci Rediscovered in 2019 to mixed reviews. The same year, they were the first recipient of the Vilcek Prize for Excellence, recognizing work that reflects immigration's impact on American society.
Selected works
References
Sources
Further reading
External links
Published works at Academia.edu
List of publications at the Met
Leonardo da Vinci Rediscovered
Living people
1959 births
American art curators
American women curators
American art historians
Leonardo da Vinci scholars
People associated with the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Women art historians
Operation Sun Rising was a cold war military intelligence program run by the ISI or Pakistan during the late 1970s. In the 1970s, the program was launched when the ISI believed the President Jimmy Carter's administration was planning of sabotaging and infiltrating the highly clandestine atomic bomb projects. The program's purpose was to collect intelligence cycle on potential contingency plans of Carter administration sabotaging of certain bomb-related installations and facilities. The program was initiated in 1979 by Imtiaz Ahmed, then chief of Intelligence Bureau.
The Sun Rising was downscaled with the arrest and conviction of an agent working for CIA and the declaration of a few undercover CIA agents and US diplomats as personae non gratae and their return. The program remained highly secretive for several years after its operational activities activated since 1979. The program's existence was discovered by espionage investigative journalist, Ansar Abbasi of the News International in 2009. Since its discovery, the exact notion and nature of the program has been criticized by prominent news media of Pakistan.
References
1979 in Pakistan
Inter-Services Intelligence operations
Cold War conflicts
The Galveston–Houston Electric Railway was an interurban railway between Galveston and Houston, Texas from 1911 to 1936. The railway was recognized as the fastest interurban line in 1925 and 1926.
Route
The Interurban ran the from downtown Houston to downtown Galveston in as little as 75 minutes. The track roughly followed the current path of Interstate 45 (Gulf Freeway), and is now used as a utility right of way for high tension power lines. The Galveston Bay causeway was considered a great feat of engineering and cost about US$2 million (US$ in ) to build in the late 1910s.
While most of the original stations have been demolished to make room for new structures, several artifacts remain. Minute Maid Park was built from Union Station, and features a railway theme. Before Interstate 45, a small, two-story interurban station was located on College Avenue where it crossed Airport Boulevard. This crossing was not at right angles but like an "X" and would be located slightly east of I-45 on the feeder street, if it still existed today. Airport Blvd becomes College Ave in South Houston at I-45. The original causeway in Galveston can be easily seen to the east from the interstate highway causeway.
Other stops included Park Place, City of South Houston (formerly City of Dumont), College Ave/Airport Blvd at Interstate 45, Clear Creek Crossing (the power station), and the Galveston Terminal on 21st Street, between Church and Post Office streets.
Future
There has been recent talk of re-establishing some form of train service between Houston and Galveston. Several test trips have been made using Amtrak equipment under the Gulfliner name. It has been suggested that some parts of the old Interurban right of way might be used to bypass congested sections of track on the host railroad.
References
External links
Houston Streetcar History Pages
Galveston Island Railroad Museum
Railroads - Key to Galveston
Defunct Texas railroads
Interurban railways in Texas
Transportation in Houston
Transportation in Galveston County, Texas
History of Galveston, Texas
History of Houston
Railway lines opened in 1911
1936 disestablishments in Texas
Greater Houston
Galveston Bay Area
Railway lines closed in 1936
1911 establishments in Texas
The Lower Colorado River Authority (LCRA) is a nonprofit public utility created in November 1934 by the Texas Legislature. LCRA's mission is to enhance the lives of the Texans it serves through water flight attendantship, energy and community service. LCRA provides public power, manages the lower Colorado River, builds and operates transmission lines, owns public parks, and offers community services.
LCRA does not receive state appropriations or have the ability to levy taxes. Instead, LCRA is funded by revenue it generates, the vast majority of which comes from producing and transmitting electricity. A very small portion of LCRA's revenue comes from selling water.
Power generation portfolio
Coal
The Fayette Power Project is a three-unit coal-fired power plant in Fayette County that provides 1,625 megawatts (MW). (Austin Energy co-owns two of the units and the power they produce.) Lake Fayette is the cooling pond for the project. LCRA uses coal from the Powder River Basin in Wyoming as fuel.
Natural gas
The Sim Gideon Power Plant is a three-unit natural gas-fired plant in Bastrop County that provides 608 megawatts. The Lost Pines 1 Power Project (owned and operated by GenTex Power Corporation, an LCRA affiliate) is a natural gas-fired combined-cycle plant adjacent to the Sim Gideon plant, and the two form the Lost Pines Power Park. The Lost Pines 1 Power Project can generate up to 511 megawatts. Lake Bastrop is the cooling pond for the Lost Pines Power Park.
LCRA broke ground on a new Thomas C. Ferguson Power Plant in April 2012, about 100 yards from the site of the original Ferguson plant on Lake LBJ. The plant began operating in 2014. The Ferguson facility is a natural gas-fired, combined cycle plant in Horseshoe Bay capable of producing 540 megawatts. Ferguson is among the most environmentally responsible power plants in Texas, producing 30 to 40 percent fewer emissions per unit of power that the unit it replaced. It uses about 35 percent less fuel per megawatt-hour and about one-third of the water used at a typical steam plant per unit of power.
The Winchester Power Park in Fayette County provides about 176 megawatts for use primarily during peak-demand periods.
The LCRA buys natural gas on the open market and stores it at the Hilbig Gas Storage Facility, an underground reservoir near Rockne, Texas. The facility can hold up to 4 billion cubic feet of natural gas.
Hydroelectric
LCRA operates six hydroelectric dams along the Colorado River in Central Texas that provide a source of renewable energy and form six lakes collectively known as the Texas Highland Lakes:
Buchanan Dam (54.9 MW) - forms Lake Buchanan
Inks Dam (13.8 MW) - forms Inks Lake
Wirtz Dam (60 MW) - forms Lake LBJ, which also serves as a cooling pond for the Thomas C. Ferguson Power Plant
Max Starcke Dam (41.4 MW) - forms Lake Marble Falls
Mansfield Dam (108 MW) - forms Lake Travis
Tom Miller Dam (17 MW) - forms Lake Austin
In keeping with its state-approved Water Management Plan, LCRA generates electricity from the dams only as it releases water for other reasons, or when ordered to do so by the Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT).
Wind
LCRA purchases 51 megawatts of wind power capacity from the Indian Mesa Wind Energy Center in West Texas and 200 megawatts from the Papalote Creek II Wind Farm near the Texas Gulf Coast.
Transmission
LCRA distributes electricity to its wholesale electric customers - mostly municipal utilities and electric cooperatives - and supports the statewide electric transmission network through more than 5,100 miles of transmission lines and more than 380 substations, which are owned by LCRA Transmission Services Corporation, a nonprofit corporation owned by LCRA.
Water
LCRA manages the Highland Lakes and the lower Colorado River, a 600 mi stretch of the Texas Colorado River, as a system to supply water for more than 1 million people as well as businesses, industries, the environment and agriculture in the lower Colorado River basin.
LCRA has the rights to more than 2.1 million acre-feet of water per year based mostly on surface water permits issued by the state of Texas.
Parks and community services
LCRA owns more than 40 public parks, recreation areas and river access sites along the Highland Lakes and lower Colorado River. LCRA's McKinney Roughs and Matagorda Bay nature parks have natural science centers that offer outdoor educational and recreational programs for youths and adults.
LCRA offers a wide range of conservation programs for water users within its river basin. It also operates an environmental laboratory, monitors the water quality of the lower Colorado River, and regulates on-site sewage systems to limit pollution and help protect the health of those enjoying the Highland Lakes.
LCRA's community services programs include the Community Development Partnership Program, which has awarded almost $42 million in matching grants for 1,491 community development projects since 1995.
History
In November 1934, the Texas Legislature authorized the formation of the Lower Colorado River Authority to complete Buchanan Dam, where construction had been idled in 1932 following the financial collapse and bankruptcy of the Samuel Insull-controlled public utility holding company. LCRA began operations in February 1935.
LCRA completed Buchanan Dam and a companion project, Inks Dam, in 1938—the first of six dams that form the reservoirs known as the Highland Lakes. LCRA completed the chain of lakes and dams in 1951. LCRA manages the chain to protect basin residents from the worst effects of Hill Country floods and provide the lower Colorado River basin with a reliable water supply.
With the encouragement of member of congress, Lyndon B. Johnson, LCRA used the hydroelectric power from its dams in 1936 to launch a public power program that served communities and electric cooperatives in Central and South Texas.
For nearly three decades, hydroelectric generation was LCRA's primary power source. Growing demand for electricity led LCRA to build natural gas and coal-fired power plants. LCRA added to its generation portfolio with the Sim Gideon Power Plant and original Thomas C. Ferguson Power Plant in the 1960s and 1970s, the Fayette Power Project in the 1970s and 1980s, the Lost Pines 1 Power Project in 2001 and the Winchester Power Project in 2010.
In 1995, LCRA became the first electric utility in Texas to provide wind-generated electricity to its customers from the Texas Wind Power Project, the first such project in the state. LCRA continues to evaluate additional renewable energy options that complement its existing generation portfolio.
LCRA's water and community services operations have grown through the years. LCRA began programs in the 1970s and 1980s to control water pollution and monitor water quality. It expanded its parks operations beginning in the 1990s to increase public access to the Highland Lakes and lower Colorado River. LCRA also worked with communities in its service area on projects designed to boost communities' economic development and improve their local quality of life.
See also
Upper Colorado River Authority
List of Texas river authorities
References
External links
LCRA parks web site
LCRA Corporate Archives' photostream
Colorado River (Texas)
River authorities of Texas
State agencies of Texas
Companies based in Austin, Texas
Public utilities established in 1933
Water companies of the United States
Aller is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Arvo Aller (born 1973), Estonian politician
Carl Aller (1845–1926), Danish magazine publisher
Eleanor Aller, later Slatkin, née Altschuler, (1917–1995), American cellist
(born 1947), German politician
Laura Aller (1849–1917), Danish magazine editor and publisher
Lawrence H. Aller (1913–2003), American astronomer
Rodney Aller (1916–2005), American lawyer, naval officer and masters skier
Victor Aller (1905–1977), American pianist
See also
Allers (surname)
Aller (disambiguation)
1913 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the tenth water polo championship in Hungary. There were two teams who played one match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1913 in water polo
1913 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Arsenal Football Club Academy is the youth system of Arsenal Football Club based in Hale End, London, England. It is often referred to as Hale End eponymously by the club, sports media, and fans. The academy teams play in the Professional Development League, the highest level of youth football in England. The club also competes in the FA Youth Cup and UEFA Youth League competitions. Former player Per Mertesacker is the current academy manager.
Arsenal Under-21s, previously referred to as the Reserves, is the highest level squad within the setup. They train at the Arsenal Training Centre and play the majority of their home games at Meadow Park, which is the home of Boreham Wood FC. On occasion they also play at Arsenal's Emirates Stadium. Senior players occasionally play in the reserve side, as in the case when they are recovering from injury.
Arsenal's Academy is one of England's most successful, winning seven FA Youth Cups together with six Premier Academy Leagues titles altogether. Numerous international players have graduated from the academy and reserve teams.
Under-21 team (previously reserve team) history
Early Years (1887–1919)
Since Arsenal were based in Plumstead as Royal Arsenal F.C., they had a reserve side which was at first set up in 1887. The club initially played friendlies and cup competitions, winning the 1889–90
Kent Junior Cup. In 1895–96, the club which was renamed Woolwich Arsenal in 1891, had their reserves join the Kent League, winning the title the next season but leaving circa 1900. They later joined the London League where they won three titles during the 1900s.
From 1900–01 to 1902–03, the reserves played in the West Kent League, winning the league title in every season they featured within such. As they were at a level higher than their local opponents, in 1903 the team moved to South Eastern League, playing there until 1914–15 when football was suspended due to the First World War. Concurrent to this period, the reserves also entered in the London League First Division in the 1906–07, 1907–08, 1908–09, 1913–14 and 1914–15 seasons. The club went on to omit the "Woolwich" from their title in 1913, so as to be known only as "Arsenal".
The Football Combination (1919–1939)
Following the end of World War I in 1918, Arsenal Reserves took the first team's place in the London Combination league which was renamed the Football Combination in the summer of 1939. For the 1926–27 season, the competition was expanded to include teams as far afield as Portsmouth, Swansea, Southend and Leicester. During the inter-war period Arsenal's reserves matched the first team's success, winning the League South A title of 1940 and 1943 as well as being the London league champions of 1942. Additionally, from 1931 onwards the club's reserves were entered into the London Challenge Cup, winning it twice in 1933–34 and as well in 1935–36.
To give opportunities to younger players, Arsenal created an 'A' team in 1929. Initially the 'A' team entered the London Professional Mid-Week League and were champions in 1931–32. They then competed in the league until the 1933–34 footballing season. Wherein, during the summer of 1934, Arsenal had taken on Kent side Margate as their nursery team. Arsenal had agreed to send promising youngsters to Margate to give them experience in the Southern Football League and were given first choice on any Margate players. The two clubs thus enjoyed being within this relationship which had lasted for four years before Arsenal broke it off in 1938. Afterwards, Arsenal entered the reserve team in the Southern League in its own right with home games being played at Enfield F.C.'s stadium at Southbury Road. The club eventually finished in 6th place in the league season of 1938–39.
At the start of the 1939–40 season the reserves played two Football Combination games and one Southern League game before football was partly suspended due to the outbreak of the Second World War.
The Football Combination (1945–1999)
For the 1946–47 season, the Football Combination resumed but the league was split into two divisions with the winners of each division playing in a final to decide the champions. A new competition was introduced – the Football Combination Cup. This was the same teams that played in the Football Combination but divided into 4 groups with the winners of each group playing in semi-finals and a final. This format continued until the end of the 1954–55 season. From 1955–56 the Football Combination continued generally as a normal league format, occasionally consisting of two divisions with promotion and relegation. The Football Combination Cup was discontinued but re-instated for seasons 1965–66 to 1969–70 inclusive and 1996–97. The reserves continued to be entered in the London FA Challenge Cup until the 1973–74 season, with the exception of 1961–62 when the first team were entered.
The 'A' team was resurrected at the start of the 1948–49 season when a team was entered in the Eastern Counties League, Eastern Counties League Cup and East Anglian Cup, winning the Eastern Counties League in 1954–55, after which they left the league (stating that it was so strong that they needed to enter a more competitive team, which would be more expensive), but continued to play in the East Anglian Cup for the next two seasons. In addition, the 'A' team was also entered in the London Professional Mid-Week League from 1949–50 to 1957–58, winning a second time in 1952–53. During the summer of 1958, the 'A' team was entered into the Metropolitan League, Metropolitan League Cup and Metropolitan League Professional Cup. This proved a very successful venture until the mid-1960s. Towards the end of the 1960s, the 'A' team struggled against strong amateur teams and the club declined to enter a team after the close of the 1968–69 season.
1999–2014
In 1999 they left the Combination to become founding members of the Premier Reserve League. They never won the competition, although they did finish as runners-up in the 2001–02 and 2010–11 seasons. At the end of the 2011–12 season they finished 3rd in Reserve League South, in what would be the competition's final season. Players from the reserve team have also been used extensively in the League Cup since the 1997–98 season. At the beginning of the 2012–13 season Arsenal's reserve and academy structure received a major overhaul. The reserve team left the Premier Reserve League and joined the Professional Development League for the competition's inaugural season. Fundamentally, replacing the reserves with an Under-21 team that has the allowance of three over-age outfield players and one goalkeeper per match day squad. Arsenal also signed up for the expanded NextGen Series, later to be replaced by the UEFA Youth League in 2013.
2014–present
At the beginning of the 2014–15 season Arsenal's academy coaching structure received a major change with Andries Jonker being appointed as head of academy on 1 July 2014, along with several key changes with in key coaching roles throughout the academy. In their time in charge of the academy, they instigated many changes, such as changes to the way the players were educated within the club, therefore helping them spend more time on site with their fellow players. They were also a key part in the new Hale End facility being built, with three pitches for the academy teams to make use of. In 2016 with the rebranding of the Premier League the reserve team continued to play in the Professional Development League, but it would now be named the Premier League 2. On 27 February 2017, it was announced the Andries Jonker would leave their role as head of academy to join VfL Wolfsburg as head coach, alongside former Arsenal player Freddie Ljungberg as assistant coach.
Academy (previously Youth) history
Arsenal Youth (1954–1998)
Arsenal have occasionally operated a youth team as far back as 1893–94, and there had been an established third team known as Arsenal 'A' for young players from 1929 to 1969.
The club have played in the FA Youth Cup since the 1954–55 season and then entered into the South East Counties Youth Football League simultaneously. The following season the league competition was renamed as the South East Counties League. Arsenal also featured from 1955 into another tournament known as the South East Counties League Cup wherein they stayed within while excluding the 1968 and 1969 seasons to the 1997–98 English footballing season. Arsenal's Academy altogether was victorious in the Counties League in 1956, 1965, 1972 and 1991. Arsenal's youths also played in the London Minor FA Challenge Cup from 1955 to 1956. In 1960 they rejoined the competition where they stayed until 1967 and was also successful in the Southern Junior Floodlit Cup which they won in 1956, 1972, 1975 and 1999.
Arsenal thus became, of youth teams in the country, the winners of seven South East Counties League titles and six South East Counties League Cups of which included three "doubles".
Arsenal Academy (1998–present)
The youth team became founder members of the FA Premier Youth League in 1997–98. The league was initially a single division and Arsenal won the inaugural title. The following season this was renamed the Premier Academy League and split into Under-19 and Under-17 sections, with the new FA Academy system formally changing Arsenal's youth team to Academy status. Arsenal entered teams in both sections, winning the U17 title in 1999–00 and the U19 title in 2001–02 as well as two more FA Youth Cups in 2000 and 2001.
Since 2004–05, the FA Premier Academy League has consisted of only a single section for Under-18s, although an Under-16 section is played with no league table being recorded. Arsenal U18s have won their division group (Group A) three times, in 2007–08, 2008–09 and 2009–10. They went on to win the academy play-off semi-final and final in 2008–09 and 2009–10 to become Premier Academy League champions. In 2009 they completed their first double by also winning the 2008–09 FA Youth Cup, having beaten Liverpool 6–2 on aggregate in the final.
Arsenal got to fourth place of the NextGen Series in 2013 and got to the quarterfinals of the newly created UEFA Youth League in 2014. In 2016, Arsenal's U21s won the semifinal of the Professional Development League's Division 2 playoffs 2–1 against Blackburn Rovers. In the final Arsenal beat Aston Villa by 3 goals to 1 at the Emirates Stadium so as to become playoff champions.
In April 2017, Arsenal's Under 13 team defeated Sunderland to lift the inaugural Premier League National Cup as champions. As well, in June 2017, Arsenal's Under-14s won the 2016-17 Premier League Albert Phelan Cup. On 7 July 2017, it was announced that Per Mertesacker, who retired from football at the end of the 2017–18 season, would take up the role of Arsenal Academy's manager thereafter.
Under-21s current squad
Out on loan
Under 18s current squad
These players can also play with the Under 23s and the senior squad.
Second-year scholars
First-year scholars
Schoolboys (U15/16s)
Current staff
Head Coaches:
Staff:
Honours
Reserves
Football & London Combination: 18
1922–23, 1926–27, 1927–28, 1928–29, 1929–30, 1930–31, 1933–34, 1934–35, 1936–37, 1937–38, 1938–39, 1946–47, 1950–51, 1962–63, 1968–69, 1969–70, 1983–84, 1989–90
Football Combination Cup: 3
1952–53, 1967–68, 1969–70
London FA Challenge Cup: 7
1933–34, 1935–36, 1953–54, 1954–55, 1957–58, 1962–63, 1969–70
Kent League: 1
1896–97
West Kent League: 3
1900–01, 1901–02, 1902–03
London League First Division: 3
1901–02, 1903–04, 1906–07
Kent Junior Cup: 1
1889–90
London Professional Mid-Week League: 2
1931–32, 1952–53
Eastern Counties League: 1
1954–55
Metropolitan League: 3
1958–59, 1960–61, 1962–63
Metropolitan League Cup: 2
1960–61, 1965–66
Metropolitan League Professional Cup: 2
1960–61, 1961–62
Academy
Professional Development League & Premier Academy League: 6 (record)
1997–98 (U18), 1999–00 (U17), 2001–02 (U19), 2008–09 (U18), 2009–10 (U18), 2015–16 (Play-Off Winners) (U21)
FA Youth Cup: 7
1965–66, 1970–71, 1987–88, 1993–94, 1999–00, 2000–01, 2008–09
Premier League National Cup: 1
2016–17
South East Counties League: 4
1955–56, 1964–65, 1971–72, 1990–91
South East Counties League Cup: 6
1959–60, 1960–61, 1961–62, 1963–64, 1970–71, 1979–80
Southern Junior Floodlit Cup: 5
1962–63, 1965–66, 1984–85, 1990–91, 1997–98
London Minor FA Cup: 1
1966–67
NextGen Series: 2012–13 Fourth place
Academy graduates
This is a list of former Arsenal F.C. academy or Arsenal 'A' graduates who have gone on to represent their country at full international level since the Second World War. Players who are still at Arsenal, or play at another club on loan from Arsenal, are highlighted in bold.
Ismaël Bennacer
Anton Blackwood
Emiliano Martínez
Neil Kilkenny
Matt Joseph
Nico Yennaris
Georgios Efrem
Benik Afobe
Peggy Lokando
Nicklas Bendtner
Tony Adams
David Bentley
Jay Bothroyd
Danny Clapton
Andy Cole
Ashley Cole
Leslie Compton
Charlie George
Kieran Gibbs
Ray Kennedy
Martin Keown
Ainsley Maitland-Niles Paul Merson
Arthur Milton
Ray Parlour
John Radford
Graham Rix
David Rocastle
Bukayo Saka Len Shackleton
Lionel Smith
Emile Smith Rowe Peter Storey
Michael Thomas
Jack Wilshere
Karl Hein Ingi Højsted
Glen Kamara
Serge Gnabry
Emmanuel Frimpong
Quincy Owusu-Abeyie
Reice Charles-Cook
Anthony Jeffrey
Keanu Marsh-Brown
Stefán Gíslason
Narada Bernard
Omari Hutchinson
Alban Bunjaku
Marcelo Flores Carlos Vela
Donyell Malen
Semi Ajayi
Alex Iwobi
Daniel Ballard
Colin Hill
Steve Morrow
Terry Neill
Sammy Nelson
Pat Rice
Dean Shiels
Dejan Iliev
Håvard Nordtveit
Krystian Bielik
Wojciech Szczęsny
Graham Barrett
Liam Brady
John Devine
Keith Fahey
David O'Leary
Frank O'Neill
Niall Quinn
Pat Scully
Frank Stapleton
Anthony Stokes
Alfred Mugabo
Paul Dickov
Alex Forsyth
Richard Hughes
Armand Traoré
Héctor Bellerín
Cesc Fàbregas
Kristopher Da Graca
Sebastian Larsson
Kristoffer Olsson
Johan Djourou
Gilles Sunu
Gavin Hoyte
Justin Hoyte
Omar Rekik'''
Colin Kazim-Richards
Oğuzhan Özyakup
Yunus Musah
Frank Simek
Ray Daniel
Mal Griffiths
Andy Marriott
Hal Robson-Kanu
Tom Walley
Rhys Weston
References
External links
Official website
Information about the reserves from Arseweb
Arsenal FC Academy homepage on Arsenal.com (dated 2009)
Arsenal F.C.
Eastern Counties Football League
Football academies in England
1954 establishments in England
Metropolitan League
Premier League International Cup
UEFA Youth League teams
NextGen series
London League (football)
Chesterton is a crater on Mercury, near the North Pole. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 2012, after the English author G. K. Chesterton.
The floor of the crater is in permanent shadow. S band radar data from the Arecibo Observatory collected between 1999 and 2005 indicates a radar-bright area covering the entire floor of Chesterton, which is probably indicative of a water ice deposit.
Chesterton is adjacent to Tryggvadóttir crater.
References
Impact craters on Mercury
Lorraine Coghlan Robinson (née Coghlan; born 23 September 1937) is a former tennis player from the state of Victoria in Australia. In 1956, they won the Australian Championships Girls' Singles title. Coghlan teamed with Bob Howe to win the mixed doubles title at Wimbledon in 1958. Coghlan and Howe were also the runners-up in mixed doubles at the 1958 French Championships.
At the Australian Championships, Coghlan was the singles runner-up in 1958, losing to Angela Mortimer 6–3, 6–4, and was a runner-up in women's doubles in 1958, 1959, 1960, and 1967.
Coghlan married John Robinson on 19 December 1959.
Grand Slam finals
Doubles (4 runner-ups)
Mixed doubles (1 title, 1 runner-up)
Grand Slam singles tournament timeline
See also
Performance timelines for all female tennis players who reached at least one Grand Slam final
References
External links
1937 births
Living people
Australian female tennis players
Tennis people from Victoria (Australia)
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in mixed doubles
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in girls' singles
Australian Championships (tennis) junior champions
Wimbledon champions (pre-Open Era)
Puzzle video games make up a broad genre of video games that emphasize puzzle solving. The types of puzzles can test problem-solving skills, including logic, pattern recognition, sequence solving, spatial recognition, and word completion.
History
Puzzle video games owe their origins to brain teasers and puzzles throughout human history. The mathematical strategy game Nim, and other traditional, thinking games, such as Hangman and Bulls and Cows (commercialized as Mastermind), were popular targets for computer implementation.
Universal Entertainment's Space Panic, released for the arcades in 1980, is a precursor to later puzzle-platform games such as Apple Panic (1981), Lode Runner (1983), Door Door (1983), and Doki Doki Penguin Land (1985).
Blockbuster, by Alan Griesemer and Stephen Bradshaw (Atari 8-bit, 1981), is a computerized version of the Rubik's Cube puzzle. Snark Hunt (Atari 8-bit, 1982) is a single-player game of logical deduction, a clone of the 1970s Black Box board game.
Elements of Konami's tile-sliding Loco-Motion (1982) were later seen in Pipe Mania from LucasArts (1989).
In Boulder Dash, which was released in 1984, the goal is to collect diamonds while avoiding or exploiting rocks that fall when the dirt beneath them is removed.
In 1985, Chain Shot! introduced removing groups of the same color tiles on a grid, causing the remaining tiles to fall into the gap. Uncle Henry's Nuclear Waste Dump (1986) has similarities to Tetris, although it was published prior to Tetris reaching the United States.
Tetris revolutionized and popularized the puzzle game genre. The game was created by Soviet game designer Alexey Pajitnov in 1984. Pajitnov was inspired by a traditional puzzle game named Pentominos in which players arrange blocks into lines without any gaps. The game was released by Spectrum Holobyte for MS-DOS in 1987 and Atari Games in arcades in 1988, and sold 30 million copies for Game Boy.
In 1991, the game Lemmings was released. The game involves a series of creatures who walk into deadly situations, and a player who assigns jobs to specific lemmings to guide the swarm to a safe destination.
Interest in Mahjong video games from Japan began to grow in 1994.
When Minesweeper was released with Windows 95, players began using a mouse to play puzzle games.
Modern puzzle games
In 2001, PopCap Games released a graphically enhanced clone of a 1994 MS-DOS game, Shariki, where the player must touch groups of three or more jewels on a grid, causing them to disappear and new stones to fall into place. A decade later, the match three mechanic was the foundation for popular games, including Candy Crush Saga and Puzzle & Dragons, both from 2012.
Since the release of Portal in 2007, there has been a rise in popularity of physics-based logic puzzle games.
Subgenres
Physics game
A physics game is a type of logical puzzle video game wherein the player must use the game's physics and environment to complete each puzzle. Physics games use consistent physics to make games more challenging. The genre is popular in online flash games and mobile games. Educators have used these games to demonstrate principles of physics.
Physics-based logic puzzle games include Portal, The Talos Principle, The Witness, Braid, Fez, World of Goo, and Cut the Rope, and projectile collision games such as Angry Birds, Peggle, Monster Strike, and Crush the Castle.
Coding
Coding games are logical puzzle games that require programming elements. Examples include The Incredible Machine, SpaceChem, and Infinifactory.
Exploration
This subgenre includes point-and-click games that often exhibit similarities with adventure games and walking simulators. Unlike logical puzzle games, these games generally require inductive reasoning to solve. The defining trait is that the player must experiment with mechanisms in each level before they can solve them. Puzzle elements often do not have consistency throughout the game, and thus require guessing and checking, and exploration to reveal more of the puzzle.
Exploration games include Myst, Limbo, The Dig, Monument Valley, and escape room games such as The Room.
Sokoban
Hidden object game
A hidden object game, sometimes called hidden picture or hidden object puzzle adventure (HOPA), is a genre of puzzle video game in which the player must find items from a list that are hidden within a scene. Hidden object games are a popular trend in casual gaming.
Tile-matching
In tile-matching video games, the player manipulates tiles in order to make them disappear according to a matching criterion. The genre began with 1985's Chain Shot! and has similarities to falling-block games such as Tetris. This genre includes games that require pieces to be swapped such as Bejeweled or Candy Crush Saga, games that adapt the classic tile-based game Mahjong such as Mahjong Trails, and games in which pieces are shot on the board such as Zuma. Puzzle games based on Tetris include tile-matching games where the matching criterion is to place a given number of tiles of the same type so that they adjoin each other. That number is often three, and the corresponding subset of tile-matching games is referred to as match-three games.
See also
List of puzzle video games
References
Video game genres
Puzzles
Sewafe is a diamond-mining town in Kono District in the Eastern Province of Sierra Leone. The town is 30 miles west of Koidu Town (the largest city in Kono District) and about 220 miles east of Freetown, on the highway linking Koidu Town to Kenema. Sewafe had an estimated population of 5,249 in 2009. The town has a government hospital and two police stations run by the Sierra Leone Police Force.
Ethnicity
The population of Sewafe is almost entirely part of the Kono ethnic group. Both the Kono language and the Krio language are widely spoken.
Education
The town has four primary schools, two secondary schools, a police station. Like in all parts of Sierra Leone, primary education in the town is free and compulsory.
References
Populated places in Sierra Leone
Eastern Province, Sierra Leone
The Royal Order of George I () is a Greek order instituted by King Constantine I in 1915. Since the monarchy's abolition in 1973, it has been considered a dynastic order of the former Greek royal family.
History
The order was founded in 1915 by King Constantine I in honor of their father, George I. It was only the second Greek order to be created after the Order of the Redeemer in 1833, and remained the second senior award of the Greek state for the duration of its existence. The order was closely associated with the Greek monarchy, and was hence abolished with the establishment of the Second Hellenic Republic in 1924, to be replaced with the Order of the Phoenix. The order was restored along with the monarchy in 1935, and continued to be awarded until the final abolition of the monarchy in 1973. It was replaced by the Third Hellenic Republic in 1975 by the Order of Honour.
Grades
The Order has five classes:
Grand Cross - wears the badge of the Order on a sash on the right shoulder and the star of the Order on the left chest;
Grand Commander - wears the badge of the Order on a necklet, and the star of the Order on the left chest;
Commander - wears the badge of the Order on a necklet;
Gold Cross - wears the badge on a ribbon on the left chest;
Silver Cross - wears the badge on a ribbon on the left chest.
A sixth, supreme class comprising a Collar of the order was originally envisaged, but never realized.
As the Order was restricted to officers and senior state officials, an additional Commemorative Medal of the Order of George I (Αναμνηστικόν μετάλλιον του Τάγματος Γεωργίου Α') was instituted in 1915 for NCOs and common soldiers, junior officials and ordinary citizens. It had initially two classes, silver and bronze, with a third in gold added after 1935.
Insignia
The badge of the Order is a white-enamelled Latin cross pattée, in silver for the Silver Cross class, in gold for the higher classes, with a wreath of laurels between the arms of the cross. The obverse central disc was in red enamel, bearing the royal cypher of George I, two crossed gammas with a crown above and a "I" below, surrounded by a white enamel ring bearing the royal motto ΙΣΧΥΣ ΜΟΥ Η ΑΓΑΠΗ ΤΟΥ ΛΑΟΥ ("The Love of My People is My Strength"). The reverse central disc bears the years of George I's reign, 1863-1913. The badge is topped by a crown; the military division also had crossed swords behind the badge. The Commemorative Medal's badge is identical in design, except that the cross is not enameled.
The star of the order is a silver star with straight rays, with eight points for Grand Cross and four points for Grand Commander, and with the obverse of the badge superimposed upon it.
The ribbon of the Order is plain crimson red.
References
External links
Greece: Royal Order of George I, at Medals of the World
George J. Beldecos, "Hellenic Orders, Decorations and Medals", pub. Hellenic War Museum, Athens 1991, .
George I
1915 establishments in Greece
Awards established in 1915
George I
The 2018 Southeast Sulawesi gubernatorial election took place on 27 June 2018 as part of the simultaneous local elections. It was held to elect the governor of Southeast Sulawesi along with their deputy, whilst members of the provincial council (Dewan Perwakilan Rakyat Daerah) will be re-elected in 2019.
Former governor Ali Mazi came out on top of the three-candidate race, defeating former Kendari mayor Asrun and North Kolaka regent Rusda Mahmud.
Timeline
Registration for party-backed candidates were opened between 8 and 10 January 2018, while independent candidates were required to register between 22 and 26 November 2017. The candidates were assigned their ballot numbers on 13 February 2018. The campaigning period would commence between 15 February and 24 June, with a three-day election silence before voting on 27 June. In May 2018, KPU declared that there were 1,628,320 eligible voters for the election.
Candidates
Results
References
2018 Indonesian gubernatorial elections
Southeast Sulawesi
The black-billed weaver (Ploceus melanogaster) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae. It has a discontinuous distribution from extreme eastern West Africa through parts of Central Africa to East Africa.
References
External links
Black-billed weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
black-billed weaver
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Birds of West Africa
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of Central Africa
Birds of East Africa
black-billed weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by George Ernest Shelley
Copake Falls Methodist Episcopal Church, also known as the Copake Iron Works Methodist Church, is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Copake Falls, Columbia County, New York. It was built in 1891–1892, and is a one-story, Gothic Revival style light frame church sheathed in novelty siding. It has a steep gable roof topped by a belfry and a projecting front vestibule. The building housed a church until 1955. It houses the Roeliff Jansen Historical Society.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
References
External links
Roeliff Jansen Historical Society
United Methodist churches in New York (state)
History museums in New York (state)
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Gothic Revival church buildings in New York (state)
Churches completed in 1892
Churches in Columbia County, New York
Museums in Columbia County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Columbia County, New York
Miss Earth Thailand is a national title given to a Thai woman to represent Thailand at the Miss Earth pageant, an annual international major beauty pageant that advocates for environmental awareness, conservation, and social responsibility.
The current titleholder is Spy Chawanphat Kongnim a pageant veteran who will represent Thailand at Miss Earth 2022 which will be held in the Philippines live for the first time after the virtual pageant for two consecutive years 2020 and 2021.
History
2001-2012; 2015-2017: Miss Universe Thailand
The first ever Thai representative in Miss Earth was Victoria Wachholz who placed Top 12 in Miss Thailand Universe 2001. Since 2002, Bangkok Broadcasting & T.V. Co., Ltd. (Channel 7) was awarded the rights and conducted the Miss Thailand Universe pageant and sent the winner to Miss Universe while the 1st Runner-up to Miss Earth pageant. In 2004, Radchadawan Khampeng competed in Miss Earth 2004 and placed in the Top 8 and became Thailand's first finalist in the Miss Earth pageant.
Thailand placed in five consecutive years with Jiraporn Sing-ieam who placed Top 8 in Miss Earth 2007 and won the Best National Costume award, Piyaporn Deejing placed in the Top 16 in Miss Earth 2008, Rujinan Phanseethum also placed in the Top 8 in the Miss Earth 2009 while Watsaporn Wattanakoon placed 2nd Runner-up (Miss Water) and won the Miss Photogenic award in Miss Earth 2010, and Niratcha Tungtisanont placed in the Top 16, won the People's Choice Award and Miss Golden Sunset award in the Miss Earth 2011 pageant.
In 2012, Royal Thai Army Radio and Television Channel 5 was awarded the rights to host and changed name of the pageant. The pageant sent 1st Runner-up to compete at Miss Earth where it was represented by Waratthaya Wongchayaporn.
In 2017, (Channel 7) appointed Organizer M GROUP ORGANIZE & MEDIA CO., LTD. who organized Miss Chiangmai, as the national director of Miss Earth Thailand. The said organization appointed Paweensuda Drouin (one of the 2nd Runners-up Miss Universe Thailand 2017) in the Miss Earth 2017 and where they placed in the Top 8.
2013-2014: New Organizations
In 2013, Organizer IQ Co., Ltd. was awarded the rights to host Miss Earth Thailand pageant and sent a Thai representative to compete in Miss Earth. This came after the Miss Universe Thailand Organization lost its license from the Miss Earth Foundation. Punika Kulsoontornrut was crowned the first Miss Earth Thailand in November 2013 and placed as Miss Earth-Water or the second runner-up.
In 2014, Nawat Itsaragrisil, who owns Miss Grand Thailand, took over the license of Miss Earth. The first runner-up of Miss Grand Thailand was designated as Miss Earth Thailand won by Sasi Sintawee. Itsaragrisil lost the Miss Earth Thailand franchise in 2015 and was awarded back to Bangkok Broadcasting & T.V. Co., Ltd. (Channel 7).
2018: Under Miss All Nations Thailand
In 2018, ERM Marketing Co., Ltd., Thailand. (Thaimiss) appointed Nirada Chetsadapriyakun who won second runner-up in Miss All Nations Thailand 2017 to represent Thailand at Miss Earth 2018 pageant.
2020-present: Wisdom Thaiasset Co., Ltd.
In 2020, Carousel Production Inc., the owner and organizer of the Miss Earth beauty pageant has granted an authorization to Wisdom Thaiasset Co., Ltd., a company represented by its President, Sirikan Onsonkran, as the franchise organizer to organize a national search for Miss Earth Thailand 2020 - 2022.
Since 2021, the national competition Miss Earth Thailand has been held again after a 8-year hiatus.
Titleholders
Winners by province
Thai representatives at Miss Earth
Color keys
Notes:
† Now deceased
Winner's gallery
See also
References
External links
Miss Earth Thailand
Thailand
Beauty pageants in Thailand
Lists of women in beauty pageants
Sandra Lavorel (born 1965 in Lyon) is a French ecologist specializing in functional ecology.  They are a research director at the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS) where they work at the Alpine Ecology Laboratory in Grenoble, France. They have been a member of the French Academy of sciences since 2013 In 2020, they were honoured to be an international member of the National Academy of Sciences.
Biography
Lavorel graduated as an agricultural engineer from the Institut national agronomique Paris Grignon. They then earned a doctorate in Ecology and Evolutionary Biology from the University of Montpellier in 1991 with a thesis on the mechanisms of coexistence of species in the Mediterranean scrub ecosystem. Them postdoctoral fellowship at the Australian National University, Canberra, Australia where they continued to investigate the mechanisms of species coexistence. In 1994 they returned to France and started working at the French National Center for Scientific Research (CNRS), where they are director of research at the Laboratory of Alpine Ecology (LECA) in Grenoble, France. The LECA is a joint research unit in which researchers from the CNRS, the University of Grenoble Alpes and the Savoy Mont Blanc University can all collaborate.
Lavorel's research is centered around the changes in landscapes and the ways that ecosystems function in response to global changes (climate, land use and biological invasions). The author or coauthor of more than 110 publications, they have recently begun to focus on modeling the numerous benefits that humans derive from ecosystems and their services. Them work has resulted in the development of concepts and methodologies relating to the characteristics of plants which constitute a response to one or more environmental factors – the “functional traits” of plants – and how those traits affect the functioning of the ecosystem.
Lavorel's work has resulted in a research framework for the study of the dynamics of biodiversity and its functional implications. It has also provided a useful guide for other biological models, such as for researchers involved in biodiversity planning and management policies who have found the landscape evolution scenarios that their research has helped to develop.
Selected works
Cornelissen, J. H. C., S. Lavorel, E. Garnier, S. Díaz, N. Buchmann, D. E. Gurvich, P. B. Reich, H. ter Steege, H. D. Morgan, M. G. A. van der Heijden, J. G. Pausas and H. Poorter (2003). Handbook of protocols for standardised and easy measurement of plant functional traits worldwide. Australian Journal of Botany 51: 335-380.
Diaz, S., S. Lavorel, F. De Bello, F. Quétier, K. Grigulis and T. M. Robson (2007). Incorporating plant functional diversity effects in ecosystem service assessments. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 104: 20684-20689.
Díaz, S., S. Lavorel, S. McIntyre, V. Falczuk, F. Casanoves, D. Milchunas, C. Skarpe, G. Rusch, M. Sternberg, I. Noy-Meir, J. Landsberg, W. Zangh, H. Clark and B. D. Campbell (2007). Grazing and plant traits - A global synthesis. Global Change Biology 13: 313-341.
Grigulis, K., S. Lavorel, U. Krainer, N. Legay, C. Baxendale, M. Dumont, E. Kastl, C. Arnoldi, R. Bardgett, F. Poly, T. Pommier, M. Schloter, U. Tappeiner, M. Bahn and J.-C. Clément (2013). Combined influence of plant and microbial functional traits on ecosystem processes in mountain grasslands. Journal of Ecology 101(1): 47-57.
Kattge, J., S. Díaz, S. Lavorel, et al. (2011). TRY – a global database of plant traits. Global Change Biology 17(9): 2905-2935.
Lamarque, P.*, S. Lavorel*, M. Mouchet and F. Quétier (2014). Plant trait-based models identify direct and indirect effects of climate change on bundles of grassland ecosystem services. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 111: 13751–13756. (* shared first authorship)
Lavorel, S. and E. Garnier (2002). Predicting the effects of environmental changes on plant community composition and ecosystem functioning: revisiting the Holy Grail. Functional Ecology 16: 545-556.
Lavorel, S., M. Colloff, S. McIntyre, M. Doherty, H. Murphy, D. Metcalfe, M. Dunlop, D. Williams, R. Wise and K. Williams (2015). Ecological mechanisms underpinning climate adaptation services. Global Change Biology 21: 12-31.
Lavorel, S. and K. Grigulis (2012). How fundamental plant functional trait relationships scale-up to trade-offs and synergies in ecosystem services. Journal of Ecology 100(1): 128-140.
Lavorel, S., K. Grigulis, P. Lamarque, M.-P. Colace, D. Garden, J. Girel, R. Douzet and G. Pellet (2011). Using plant functional traits to understand the landscape-scale distribution of multiple ecosystem services. Journal of Ecology 99: 135-147.
Lavorel, S., S. McIntyre, J. Landsberg and D. Forbes (1997). Plant functional classifications: from general groups to specific groups based on response to disturbance. Trends in Ecology and Evolution 12: 474-478.
Suding, K. N., S. Lavorel, F. S. Chapin III, S. Diaz, E. Garnier, D. Goldberg, D. U. Hooper, S. T. Jackson and M. L. Navas (2008). Scaling environmental change from traits to communities to ecosystems: the challenge of intermediate-level complexity. Global Change Biology 14: 1125-1140.
Thuiller, W., S. Lavorel, M. B. Araujo, M. T. Sykes and I. C. Prentice (2005). Climate change threats to plant diversity in Europe. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 102: 8245-8250.
Awards and honours
BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award for expanding the concept of biodiversity (2020)
Ramon Margalef Prize in Ecology (2020)
Marsh Ecology Award (2017)
IAVS Alexander von Humboldt Medal (2015)
CNRS Silver medal (2013)
Chevalier of the Ordre national de la Légion d'Honneur (2012)
CNRS Bronze medal (1998)
References
1965 births
Living people
20th-century French scientists
CNRS research directors
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
French ecologists
Women ecologists
21st-century French scientists
21st-century French women scientists
20th-century French women scientists
Winners of the Ramon Margalef Prize in Ecology
Jesús Castillo Aguilera (June 17, 1944 – January 15, 2013) was a Mexican professional boxer. Better known as Chucho Castillo, they were the Lineal, WBA and WBC bantamweight world champion in 1970.
Castillo and Rubén Olivares sustained one of the most important rivalries in the history of Mexican boxing. Castillo was described by the boxing book The Ring: Boxing In The 20th Century as quiet and sullen, while Olivares was more of an outgoing partygoer, according to the book. The personality contrast made fans very interested in their matches.
Early career
Castillo was born in Nuevo Valle de Moreno, a small town in the municipality of León, Guanajuato, Mexico. They made their professional debut on 26 April 1962 against Carlos Navarrete, suffering their first loss by a decision after six rounds. Their next bout was their first win, outpointing Arnulfo Daza in eight rounds. Castillo built a record of 24 wins and 7 losses, with 11 knockout wins, before facing José Medel for the Mexican Bantamweight title on 29 April 1967. They won the title on points after the twelve rounds, retaining it twice and also winning an additional seven non-title bouts before their first world title challenge. Among the fighters they beat during that streak were Jesus Pimentel and Memo Tellez, who had beaten Castillo twice before.
Lineal, WBC & WBA Bantamweight Championship
Castillo made their first world title attempt against Australia's Lionel Rose, the first Aborigine ever to win a world title. The fight was held on 6 December 1968 at the Forum in Inglewood, where Rose won a very unpopular fifteen-round decision in front of a decidedly pro-Castillo crowd, causing a riot. Castillo had eight bouts in 1969, going 5-1-2 during that period. They beat future world champion Rafael Herrera to defend their Mexican title, had a ten-round draw in Tokyo with Ushiwakamaru Harada, drew with Medel, and split two decisions with Raul Cruz.
Castillo vs. Olivares
In 1970, Castillo was given a second world title chance when they and Olivares clashed to begin their three fight rivalry, with all three fights taking place at the Forum in Inglewood. On 18 April, Olivares retained the crown by outpointing over Castillo. However, a rematch between the two fighters took place on 16 October. Castillo cut Olivares in round one, and when it was determined that Olivares could not continue in Round 14, Castillo was declared winner by a technical knockout, winning the world bantamweight championship. After one non-title win, Castillo met Olivares for a third time on 3 April 1971, when Olivares recovered the crown by outpointing Castillo despite suffering an early knockdown.
Later in career
Castillo went on fighting until 1975, but their record from the third Olivares fight until their retirement was a rather ordinary one of 5 wins and 7 losses. They lost to former or future world champions Enrique Pinder, Bobby Chacon, and Danny "Little Red" Lopez. After losing to Ernesto Herrera on 12 December 1975, they retired.
Professional boxing record
|- style="margin:0.5em auto; font-size:95%;"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="8"|47 Wins (23 knockouts, 23 decisions, 1 disqualification), 17 Losses (6 knockouts, 11 decisions), 2 Draws
|- style="text-align:center; margin:0.5em auto; font-size:95%; background:#e3e3e3;"
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Res.
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Record
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Opponent
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Type
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Round
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Date
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Location
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Notes
|-align=center
| Loss
|47–17–2
|align=left| Ernesto Herrera
|align=left|PTS
|10
|1975-12-12
|align=left| Laredo
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Loss
|47–16–2
|align=left| Danny Lopez
|align=left|TKO
|2 (10)
|1975-04-24
|align=left| Olympic Auditorium, Los Angeles
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|47–15–2
|align=left| Rafael Ortega
|align=left|UD
|10
|1974-09-14
|align=left| Arena México, Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Loss
|46–15–2
|align=left| Vicente Blanco
|align=left|PTS
|10
|1974-06-22
|align=left| Estadio Metropolitano, León
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|46–14–2
|align=left| Victor Rodrigo
|align=left|PTS
|10
|1974-05-14
|align=left| Ciudad Juárez
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Loss
|45–14–2
|align=left| Bobby Chacon
|align=left|TKO
|10 (10)
|1973-04-28
|align=left| The Forum, Inglewood
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Loss
|45–13–2
|align=left| Jose Luis Soto
|align=left|PTS
|10
|1973-03-02
|align=left| Culiacán
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Loss
|45–12–2
|align=left| Enrique Pinder
|align=left|MD
|10
|1972-11-14
|align=left| The Forum, Inglewood
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|45–11–2
|align=left| Earl Large
|align=left|UD
|10
|1972-06-06
|align=left| Plaza de Toros, Ciudad Juárez
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|44–11–2
|align=left| Jose Lopez
|align=left|KO
|1 (10)
|1972-01-01
|align=left| Mexico
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Loss
|43–11–2
|align=left| Rafael Herrera
|align=left|SD
|12
|1971-08-23
|align=left| The Forum, Inglewood
|align=left|For NABF bantamweight title.
|-align=center
| Win
|43–10–2
|align=left| Earl Large
|align=left|PTS
|10
|1971-08-04
|align=left| Ciudad Juárez
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Loss
|42–10–2
|align=left| Rubén Olivares
|align=left|UD
|15
|1971-04-02
|align=left| The Forum, Inglewood
|align=left|Lost WBA, WBC, The Ring, and lineal bantamweight titles.
|-align=center
| Win
|42–9–2
|align=left| Felipe Ursua
|align=left|TKO
|6 (10)
|1971-02-28
|align=left| Monterrey
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|41–9–2
|align=left| Rubén Olivares
|align=left|TKO
|14 (15)
|1970-10-16
|align=left| The Forum, Inglewood
|align=left|Won WBA, WBC, The Ring, and lineal bantamweight titles.
|-align=center
| Win
|40–9–2
|align=left| Rogelio Lara
|align=left|UD
|12
|1970-08-14
|align=left| The Forum, Inglewood
|align=left|Won inaugural NABF bantamweight title. Castillo later vacated the title.
|-align=center
| Loss
|39–9–2
|align=left| Rubén Olivares
|align=left|UD
|15
|1970-04-18
|align=left| The Forum, Inglewood
|align=left|For WBA, WBC, The Ring, and lineal bantamweight titles.
|-align=center
| Win
|39–8–2
|align=left| Raul Cruz
|align=left|UD
|10
|1969-12-12
|align=left| The Forum, Inglewood
|align=left|Originally a 12-round title eliminator, but Cruz missed weight.
|-align=center
| Loss
|38–8–2
|align=left| Raul Cruz
|align=left|MD
|12
|1969-10-17
|align=left| The Forum, Inglewood
|align=left|Originally a title eliminator bout, but a rematch was booked instead.
|-align=center
| Draw
|38–7–2
|align=left| José Medel
|align=left|PTS
|12
|1969-09-30
|align=left| Ciudad Juárez
|align=left|Retained Mexican bantamweight title.
|-align=center
| Win
|38–7–1
|align=left| Alberto Jangalay
|align=left|TKO
|5 (10)
|1969-07-26
|align=left| Arena México, Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|37–7–1
|align=left| Ernie Cruz
|align=left|KO
|5 (10)
|1969-06-29
|align=left| Plaza de Toros México, Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|36–7–1
|align=left| Seiichi Watanuki
|align=left|KO
|4 (10)
|1969-06-10
|align=left| Plaza de Toros, Ciudad Juárez
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Draw
|35–7–1
|align=left| Ushiwakamaru Harada
|align=left|MD
|10
|1969-04-16
|align=left| Tokyo
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|35–7
|align=left| Rafael Herrera
|align=left|TKO
|3 (12)
|1969-02-15
|align=left| Plaza de Toros Monumental, Monterrey
|align=left|Retained Mexican bantamweight title.
|-align=center
| Loss
|34–7
|align=left| Lionel Rose
|align=left|SD
|15
|1968-12-06
|align=left| The Forum, Inglewood
|align=left|For WBA, WBC, The Ring, and lineal bantamweight titles.
|-align=center
| Win
|34–6
|align=left| Evan Armstrong
|align=left|TKO
|2 (10)
|1968-08-28
|align=left| The Forum, Inglewood
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|33–6
|align=left| Jesús Pimentel
|align=left|UD
|12
|1968-06-14
|align=left| The Forum, Inglewood
|align=left|WBA, WBC, The Ring, and lineal bantamweight titles eliminator.
|-align=center
| Win
|32–6
|align=left| Guillermo Tellez
|align=left|TKO
|11 (12)
|1968-05-14
|align=left| Ciudad Juárez
|align=left|Retained Mexican bantamweight title.
|-align=center
| Win
|31–6
|align=left| Yoshio Nakane
|align=left|UD
|12
|1968-03-31
|align=left| Plaza de Toros, Ciudad Juárez
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|30–6
|align=left| Jose Valdez
|align=left|PTS
|10
|1968-03-06
|align=left| León
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|29–6
|align=left| Miguel Castro
|align=left|TKO
|6 (12)
|1967-11-26
|align=left| Ciudad Juárez
|align=left|Retained Mexican bantamweight title.
|-align=center
| Win
|28–6
|align=left| Bernardo Caraballo
|align=left|RTD
|7 (10)
|1967-10-14
|align=left| Estadio Azteca, Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|27–6
|align=left| Pornchai Poprai-ngam
|align=left|KO
|5 (10)
|1967-08-14
|align=left| Tijuana
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|26–6
|align=left| José Medel
|align=left|UD
|12
|1967-04-29
|align=left| Arena México, Mexico City
|align=left|Won Mexican bantamweight title.
|-align=center
| Win
|25–6
|align=left| Miguel Castro
|align=left|PTS
|10
|1966-12-17
|align=left| El Toreo de Cuatro Caminos, Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|24–6
|align=left| Waldemiro Pinto
|align=left|KO
|3 (10)
|1966-11-13
|align=left| Plaza de Toros, Ciudad Juárez
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|23–6
|align=left| Jerry Stokes
|align=left|KO
|2 (10)
|1966-08-27
|align=left| Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|22–6
|align=left| Edmundo Esparza
|align=left|TKO
|3 (10)
|1966-07-27
|align=left| Plaza de Toros, Ciudad Juárez
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Loss
|21–6
|align=left| Guillermo Tellez
|align=left|TKO
|6 (10)
|1966-06-06
|align=left| Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|21–5
|align=left| Jesus Hernandez
|align=left|TKO
|7 (10)
|1966-05-22
|align=left| Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Loss
|20–5
|align=left| Miguel Castro
|align=left|TKO
|5 (10)
|1966-03-19
|align=left| Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|20–4
|align=left| Lenny Brice
|align=left|PTS
|10
|1965-11-20
|align=left| Arena Coliseo, Guadalajara
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Loss
|19–4
|align=left| Guillermo Tellez
|align=left|TKO
|5 (10)
|1965-09-25
|align=left| Arena Coliseo, Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|19–3
|align=left| Jesus Hernandez
|align=left|TKO
|6 (10)
|1965-08-07
|align=left| Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|18–3
|align=left| Edmundo Esparza
|align=left|TKO
|2 (10)
|1965-06-15
|align=left| Plaza de Toros, Ciudad Juárez
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|17–3
|align=left| Daniel Valdez
|align=left|PTS
|10
|1965-03-24
|align=left| Arena Coliseo, Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|16–3
|align=left| Goyo Sanchez
|align=left|KO
|1 (10)
|1965-03-03
|align=left| Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|15–3
|align=left| Salvador Reyes
|align=left|PTS
|4
|1964-11-25
|align=left| Arena Puebla, Puebla
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Loss
|14–3
|align=left| Jose Gonzalez
|align=left|TD
|7 (10)
|1964-11-11
|align=left| Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Loss
|14–2
|align=left| Zorrito Castanon
|align=left|TKO
|10 (10)
|1964-10-17
|align=left| Oaxaca City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|14–1
|align=left| Adalberto Martinez
|align=left|TKO
|8 (10)
|1964-09-30
|align=left| Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|13–1
|align=left| Genaro Gaytan
|align=left|PTS
|10
|1964-07-08
|align=left| Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|12–1
|align=left| Emiliano Olvera
|align=left|PTS
|10
|1964-06-13
|align=left| Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|11–1
|align=left| Jose Gonzalez
|align=left|TKO
|8 (10)
|1964-05-23
|align=left| Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|10–1
|align=left| Samuel Castillo
|align=left|PTS
|8
|1964-03-18
|align=left| Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|9–1
|align=left| Chucho Cardenas
|align=left|DQ
|3 (8)
|1964-01-01
|align=left| Acapulco
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|8–1
|align=left| Juan Carlos Villanueva
|align=left|PTS
|8
|1963-11-21
|align=left| Mexico
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|7–1
|align=left| Felipe Silva
|align=left|PTS
|6
|1963-10-20
|align=left| Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|6–1
|align=left| Catarino Lopez
|align=left|PTS
|6
|1963-09-14
|align=left| Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|5–1
|align=left| Samuel Castillo
|align=left|TKO
|9 (10)
|1963-09-02
|align=left| Oaxaca City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|4–1
|align=left| Eduardo Torres
|align=left|PTS
|6
|1963-06-12
|align=left| Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|3–1
|align=left| Pichon Contreras
|align=left|KO
|10 (10)
|1963-03-02
|align=left| Oaxaca City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|2–1
|align=left| Zurdo Suarez
|align=left|PTS
|10
|1962-10-20
|align=left| Oaxaca City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Win
|1–1
|align=left| Arnulfo Daza
|align=left|PTS
|8
|1962-08-11
|align=left| Oaxaca City
|align=left|
|-align=center
| Loss
|0–1
|align=left| Carlos Navarrete
|align=left|PTS
|6
|1962-04-25
|align=left| Mexico City
|align=left|
|-align=center
See also
List of WBC world champions
List of WBA world champions
List of bantamweight boxing champions
List of Mexican boxing world champions
List of undisputed world boxing champions
References
External links
Chucho Castillo - CBZ Profile
|-
|-
|-
|-
1944 births
2013 deaths
Sportspeople from León, Guanajuato
Boxers from Guanajuato
Bantamweight boxers
World boxing champions
World bantamweight boxing champions
World Boxing Association champions
World Boxing Council champions
Mexican male boxers
Harstad Idrettslag is a Norwegian sports club from Harstad, Troms. It has association football, futsal and nordic skiing sections. The club formerly had sections for track and field, skiing and speed skating, but this was discontinued in 1987. The club colors are yellow and black, and their home field is Harstad stadion. This was Norway's first football stadium with artificial turf.
The men's football team currently plays in the 4. divisjon, the fifth tier of Norwegian football. The team last played in the Norwegian First Division in 1997. After that they had a long run in the Second Division. It played in the Third Division in 2003, but won their group and won the playoff 5–2 on aggregate against Innstranden. In 2008 they were back in the Third Division, won the league but lost the playoff to Bodø/Glimt 2 with 6–5 on aggregate after extra time. The next season they won the playoff, beating Stålkameratene 3–2 on aggregate. After two seasons in the Second Division, Harstad was again relegated in 2011.
The club also won the Northern Norwegian Cup nine times: in 1932, 1938, 1953, 1954, 1955, 1957, 1958, 1962 and 1968. A well-known player from that era is Trygve Bornø.
Recent history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
!
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Cup
!Notes
|-
|2008
|3. divisjon
|align=right |1
|align=right|20||align=right|15||align=right|2||align=right|1
|align=right|130||align=right|13||align=right|47
||First round
|
|-
|2009
|3. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor=#DDFFDD| 1
|align=right|20||align=right|18||align=right|2||align=right|0
|align=right|139||align=right|16||align=right|56
||First round
|Promoted
|-
|2010
|2. divisjon
|align=right |5
|align=right|26||align=right|13||align=right|2||align=right|11
|align=right|58||align=right|51||align=right|41
||First round
|
|-
|2011
|2. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor="#FFCCCC"| 12
|align=right|26||align=right|7||align=right|4||align=right|15
|align=right|41||align=right|58||align=right|25
||First round
|Relegated
|-
|2012
|3. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor=#DDFFDD| 2
|align=right|22||align=right|15||align=right|4||align=right|3
|align=right|72||align=right|24||align=right|49
||Second round
|Promoted
|-
|2013
|2. divisjon
|align=right |10
|align=right|26||align=right|8||align=right|8||align=right|10
|align=right|44||align=right|44||align=right|32
||Second round
|
|-
|2014
|2. divisjon
|align=right |8
|align=right|26||align=right|12||align=right|3||align=right|11
|align=right|46||align=right|33||align=right|39
||Second round
|
|-
|2015
|2. divisjon
|align=right |8
|align=right|26||align=right|9||align=right|7||align=right|10
|align=right|34||align=right|42||align=right|34
||First round
|
|-
|2016
|2. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor="#FFCCCC"| 8
|align=right|26||align=right|8||align=right|7||align=right|11
|align=right|45||align=right|51||align=right|31
||First round
|Relegated
|-
|2017
|3. divisjon
|align=right |6
|align=right|26||align=right|11||align=right|6||align=right|9
|align=right|44||align=right|39||align=right|39
||First round
|
|-
|2018
|3. divisjon
|align=right |6
|align=right|26||align=right|13||align=right|3||align=right|10
|align=right|57||align=right|52||align=right|42
||Second round
|
|-
|2019
|3. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor="#FFCCCC"| 12
|align=right|26||align=right|8||align=right|3||align=right|15
|align=right|33||align=right|59||align=right|27
||Second round
|Relegated
|}
References
External links
Official site
Football clubs in Norway
Sport in Troms
Harstad
Association football clubs established in 1903
Defunct athletics clubs in Norway
Futsal clubs in Norway
1903 establishments in Norway
The Seeberger–Loring–Kilburn House is a historic residence located in Oskaloosa, Iowa, United States. The house was the work of David L. Evans, a master builder who completed it in 1859. It is the oldest known surviving work of his, and calls attention to their skill as a builder. Evans was a native of Wales and emigrated to the United States at the age of 14. They settled in Ohio and St. Louis before settling in Oskaloosa in 1845. The two-story, brick, Italianate structure features a hip roof and deck, bracketed cornice and simple hood molds. The second story was added in 1869 by Evans. Des Moines architect Frank E. Wetherell, who was born in Oskaloosa, designed an expansion of the house in 1916. It added the solarium on the east side, and a pergola on the west. The house was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was included as a contributing property in the Paradise Block Historic District in 1991.
References
Houses completed in 1859
Oskaloosa, Iowa
Houses in Mahaska County, Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Mahaska County, Iowa
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Italianate architecture in Iowa
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in Iowa
Roscoe Mitchlll Jr. or Scoey Mitchlll (March 12, 1930 – March 19, 2022), usually credited as Scoey Mitchell, was an American actor, writer and TV director known for frequent appearances on 1970s game shows, including Match Game and Tattletales. They starred in the short-lived series Barefoot in the Park (based on the Neil Simon play) and had a recurring role on Rhoda.
They created two short-lived NBC TV series, Me and Mrs. C and 13 East. They appeared as Richard Pryor's father in the film Jo Jo Dancer, Your Life Is Calling.
Early life and career
Mitchell was born on March 12, 1930, in Newburgh, New York as Roscoe Mitchlll Jr. (the surname had three "L"s, and no "E"). They started their career on The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour in 1967. They appeared in What's It All About, World? as themselves in 1969.
They guest-starred in many television series such as The Mothers-in-Law, Here Come the Brides, That Girl, The Odd Couple, The Six Million Dollar Man, and Baretta. Mitchell starred in several made-for-TV movies, such as Voyage of the Yes, Cops, and Cindy. They also turned to directing television with the movie Me & Mrs. C. in 1984 and episodes of 13 East in 1989–90. Mitchlll wrote for television and made-for-TV movies such as The Scoey Mitchlll Show in 1972, Just a Little More Love in 1983, and Handsome Harry's. In addition, they ventured into production of television and made-for-TV movies such as Grambling's White Tiger in 1981, Gus Brown and Midnight Brewster in 1985, and Miracle at Beekman's Place in 1988. Mitchell also was on a number of television shows as themselves such as Match Game from 1974 to 1979, Super Password in 1988, The Joey Bishop Show 1968–69, Hollywood Squares in 1968, and Tattletales from 1974 to 1978 and from 1982 to 1984.
In September 1970, ABC cast Mitchell in Barefoot in the Park based on Neil Simon's Broadway play of the same name. The series cast members were predominantly black, making it the first American television sitcom since Amos 'n' Andy to have a predominantly black cast (Vito Scotti was the sole major white character). Barefoot in the Park had been a successful 1967 film starring Robert Redford and Jane Fonda. It was thought by ABC that placing Barefoot in the Park behind Bewitched would do well, but because that show was already in a slump, Barefoot in the Park never developed high numbers for the network. During its first few episodes, Barefoot in the Park developed behind-the-scenes strife that sealed its fate: Mitchlll was fired due to "differences of opinion" with the series' producers. Rather than replace Mitchell with another actor—and already disenchanted with the low ratings—ABC decided to cancel Barefoot in the Park in December 1970. In 1986, Mitchlll was in Jo Jo Dancer, Your Life Is Calling, a semi-autobiographical film about Richard Pryor. In 2017, after a hiatus of almost thirty years, they returned to acting, in a one-off role in A Kindred Soul.
Death
Mitchell died of kidney failure on March 19, 2022, in a hospice care facility in Torrance, California. They were also survived by their widow, Claire.
Filmography
Acting
Film
Television
Directing
Television
Writing
Television
Production
Television
References
External links
1930 births
2022 deaths
Male actors from New York (state)
African-American male actors
African-American television personalities
American male film actors
American male television actors
American television personalities
Deaths from kidney failure
People from Newburgh, New York
20th-century American male actors
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1671.
Events
February – Nell Gwyn retires from the stage and moves into a brick townhouse at 79 Pall Mall, London.
November 9 – The Duke's Company open their new venue, the Dorset Garden Theatre.
Antoinette du Ligier de la Garde Deshoulières is awarded the first prize given for poetry by the Académie française.
Philosophus Autodidactus, the first Latin translation of Ibn Tufail's 12th century tale Hayy ibn Yaqdhan, prepared by Edward Pococke before 1660, is published for the first time.
New books
Prose
Edward Bagshaw (attributed) – The Life and Death of Mr Vavasor Powell
Edward Burrough (posthumously): The Memorable Works of a Son of Thunder and Consolation: Namely, that True Prophet, and Faithful Servant of God, and Sufferer for the Testimony of Jesus, Edward Burroughs...
Johann Ferdinand Hertodt – Crocologia
John Josselyn – New England's Rarities, discovered in Birds, Beasts, Fishes, Serpents, and Plants of that Country (London)
Gottfried Leibniz – Hypothesis Physica Nova (`New Physical Hypothesis')
Pierre Martin de La Martinière – Voyage des pays septentrionaux (A New Voyage to the North)
Arnoldus Montanus – De nieuwe en Onbekende Weereld of Beschryving van America (The Unknown New World or Description of the Continent America)
Isaac Newton – Method of Fluxions
Jane Sharp – The Midwives Book: or the Whole Art of Midwifry Discovered
Marie-Catherine de Villedieu – Les Amours des Grands Hommes
Children
James Janeway – A Token for Children (two parts)
Drama
Aphra Behn – The Amorous Prince (adapted from Robert Davenport's The City Nightcap)
John Caryll – Sir Solomon Single
Pierre Corneille – Tite et Bérénice
John Corye – The Generous Enemies
John Crowne
Charles VIII of France
Juliana
John Dryden – The Assignation, or Love in a Nunnery
Edward Howard – The Six Days' Adventure
Elizabeth Polwheele – The Frolicks
Samuel Pordage – Herod and Mariamne
Edward Ravenscroft – Mamamouchi
Edward Revet – The Town Shifts
Elkanah Settle – Cambyses
George Villiers, 2nd Duke of Buckingham & others – The Rehearsal
William Wycherley – Love in a Wood
Pedro Calderon de la Barca – El santo rey don Fernando
Poetry
John Milton – Samson Agonistes
Births
April 6 – Jean-Baptiste Rousseau, French dramatist and poet (died 1741)
September 7 – Antoine Danchet, French dramatist and poet (died 1748)
November 6 – Colley Cibber, English playwright and Poet Laureate (died 1757)
Unknown date – Gustaf Adlerfelt, Swedish historian (died 1709)
Unknown date, possibly 1672 – Sarah Dixon, English poet (died 1765)
Deaths
January 1 – Hardouin de Péréfixe de Beaumont, French historian and cleric (born 1606)
January 22 – Odorico Raynaldi, Italian historian (born 1595)
February 22 – Adam Olearius, German librarian and scholar (born 1603)
July 14 – Méric Casaubon, Swiss-born English classicist (born 1599)
September 28 – Jean de Montigny, French philosopher and poet (born 1636)
December 28 – Johann Friedrich Gronovius, German classicist (born 1611)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Andrew Arbuckle (September 5, 1887 – September 21, 1938) was an American stage and film actor. They were the brother of Macklyn Arbuckle and cousin of Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle.
Early life
Arbuckle was born in Galveston, Texas, to a family of Scottish descent. Their brother Macklyn was 20 years old at the time of Andrew's birth.
Career
Arbuckle first made their film debut in Little Mary Sunshine (1916), playing Bob's father. In 1935, they made their last appearance in film The Dark Angel in an uncredited role as Mr. Gallop. They appeared in a total 44 films, uncredited in ten of them.
 They are known for their appearances in Peggy Leads the Way, The Family Skeleton and Little Mary Sunshine.
Personal life
Arbuckle married Blanche Duquesne, daughter of French immigrants, in October 1915. They had no children.
Death
Andrew Arbuckle died on September 21, 1938, in Los Angeles, aged 51, of a suspected heart attack, as had their cousin, Roscoe in 1933. Andrew Arbuckle was buried in an unmarked grave, plot #470, at Hollywood Memorial Park Cemetery Garden of Ancestors.
Filmography
Graft (1915)
The Red Circle (1915)
The heartbreakers (1916)
Little Mary Sunshine (1916) – Bob's Father
The Girl That Didn't Matter (1916)
The Matrimonial Martyr (1916) – Prof. Stanley
A Lucky Leap (1916)
A Soul at Stake (1916)
A Plumber's Waterloo (1916)
Big Tremaine (1916) – Samuel Leavitt
Should They Obey? (1917) – Uncle John
Happiness (1917) – Nicodemus
Peggy Leads the Way (1917) – H.E. Manners
Naughty, Naughty! (1918) – Adam Miller
The Family Skeleton (1918) – Dr. Griggs
Confession (1918) – The governor
Their Own Home Town (1918) – Rev. John Duncan
Denny from Ireland (1918) – Priest
A Romance of Happy Valley (1919) – Clergyman
The Love Hunger (1919) – Bob Clinton
Common Clay (1919) – Mr. Neal
A White Man's Chance (1919) – Valentino
The Hoodlum (1919) – Pat O'Shaughnessy
John Petticoats (1919) – Rameses
Pinto (1920) – Guardian
Darling Mine (1920)
Unseen Forces (1920) – Mr. Leslie
The Son of Wallingford (1921) – Talbot Curtis
Mother o' Mine (1921) – Henry Godfrey
Say Uncle (1921)
The Light in the Clearing (1921) – Horace Dunkelberg
The Deuce of Spades (1922) – Fat Ed
Caught Bluffing (1922) – Ham Thomas
Saved by Radio (1922) – Pat
Quincy Adams Sawyer (1922)
The Spider and the Rose (1923) – The Priest
Name the Man (1924) – Vondy
The Dangerous Coward (1924) – David McGuinn
The Clean Heart (1924) – Bickers
The Fighting Boob (1926) – Old Man Hawksby
Hazardous Valley (1927)
Jazz Mad (1928) – Schmidt
Ex-Rooster (1932)
The Dark Angel (Uncredited, 1935) – Mr. Gallop
External links
American male film actors
American male silent film actors
Male actors from Texas
American people of Scottish descent
People from Galveston, Texas
Male actors from Los Angeles
Burials at Hollywood Forever Cemetery
1887 births
1938 deaths
20th-century American male actors
The rusty-winged barbtail (Premnornis guttuliger) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is the only member of the genus Premnornis. It is found in Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela, where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
rusty-winged barbtail
Birds of the Northern Andes
rusty-winged barbtail
rusty-winged barbtail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jomfruens Egede is a manor house located three kilometres north-west of Faxe, a small town some 40 km south of Copenhagen, Denmark. It owes its current appearance to Sophie Amalie Moth who in the late 18th century altered it with the assistance of Caspar Frederik Harsdorff and Joseph Christian Lillie. The National Museum of Denmark has described it as possibly the finest example from the period.
History
Early history
Jomfruens Egede traces its history back to 1346 when it was owned by Uffe Pedersen Neb, a loyal supporter of King Valdemar IV, and known as Egedegaard. Etymologically, Egede- derives from an old form 'large oak forest' while -gaard means 'farm' or 'manor'. Its name, which means 'Egede of the Lady' refers to two unmarried noble women, Ermegaard and Birgitte Bille, who in 1542 inherited the estate from their father.
Sophie Amalie Moth and the new house
In 1674 the estate was acquired by King Christian V's mistress, Sophie Amalie Moth, who received official recognition and was appointed Countess of Samsø on 31 December 1677. After Christian V's death in 1699 they retired to the estate where they led a quiet life until their own death in 1719. The property was then owned by their son, Ulrik Christian Gyldenløve, Count of Samsø.
After different owners Jomfruens Egede came to Niels Schack-Rathlou, whose son Christian Schack-Rathlou in the 1790s carried out an expansion and adapted the design of the house with the assistance of the architects Caspar Frederik Harsdorff and Joseph Christian Lillie.
In 1740, Jomfruens Egede was bought by Claus Benedix Beenfeldt who already owned nearby Lystrup Castle. Since that time the two estates have been under the same ownership.
Moltke era
In 1931 the estate was bought by Count Adam Wilhelm Moltke who had inherited Bregentved from their father in 1818 and would later become the first Danish Prime Minister after the adoption of the Constitution of Denmark in 1849. Moltke increased their holdings through several other acquisitions, acting as curator of Vallø and Vemmetofte and managing Knuthenborg for Count Frederik Marcus Knuth, the underage nephew of their wife. As a result, they administrated one of the largest complexes of land in the country at the time.
When Christian Moltke inherited Lystrup and Jomfruens Egede from their father, they disrupted their diplomatic career which had brought them to both London and Vienna to concentrate on the management of their estates. Jomfruens Egede has remained in the possession of the Moltke family to this day.
Architecture
Designed in the Neoclassical style, Jomfruens Egede consists of two parallel wings which to the south border on the churchyard of Østre Egede Church.
The house is particularly noted for its interiors which the National Museum of Denmark has described as "possibly the finest example of Danish interior design and furnishings of the late 18th century".
List of owners
( - ) Offe Pedersen Neb
( - ) Peder Offesen Neb
( -1391) Ingeborg Nielsdatter Panter
(1391-1424) Anders Jacobsen Lunge
(1424-1456) Eline Evertsdatter Moltke, gift 1) Lunge 2) Wardenberg
(1456-1465) Torben Bille
(1465-1503) Sidsel Ovesdatter Lunge
(1503- ) Arvinger efter Sidsel Ovesdatter Lunge
( -1542) Hans Bille
(1542-1548) Inger Corfitzdatter Rønnow
( -1559) Hans Barnekow
(1542-1587) Birgitte Hansdatter Bille
(1542-1587) Ermegaard Hansdatter Bille
(1559- ) Mette Oxe
(1587- ) Ingeborg Andersen Bille
( -1631) Tage Andersen Thott
(1631-1632) Jens Sparre
(1632- ) Sidsel Nielsdatter Parsberg, gift Sparre
( -1662) Christian Sparre
(1662-1674) Vincents Joachim Hahn
(1674-1719) Sophie Amalie Moth
(1719- ) Ulrik Christian Gyldenløve
( -1721) Boet efter Ulrik Christian Gyldenløves
(1721-1735) Nicolas Esben Poulsen
(1735-1740) Enken efter Nicolas Esben Poulsen
(1740- ) Claus Benedix Beenfeldt
( -1773) Thomas Holmsted Hjelmskiold
(1773-1776) Christine Ulrikke Beenfeldt
(1776-1786) Niels Rosenkrantz von Holstein-Rathlou
(1786-1828) Christian Frederik von Holstein-Rathlou
(1828-1831) Christiane Elisabeth Friis
(1831-1857) Adam Wilhelm Moltke
(1857-1918) Christian Henrik Carl Moltke
(1918-1943) Aage Vilhelm Christian Moltke
(1943-1957) Ivar Christian Eiler Moltke
(1957-1990) Norman Ivar Frederik Moltke
(1990- ) Joachim Godske Norman Moltke
References
External links
Official website of Lystrup Gods (in Danish)
Manor houses in Faxe Municipality
Caspar Frederik Harsdorff buildings
Neoclassical architecture in Denmark
Listed buildings and structures in Faxe Municipality
Buildings and structures associated with the Lunge family
Buildings and structures associated with the Bille family
Buildings and structures in Denmark associated with the Moltke family
The 2015 ISU World Team Trophy is an international team figure skating competition that was held during the 2014–15 season. Participating countries selected two men's single skaters, two ladies' single skaters, one pair and one ice dancing entry to compete in a team format with points based on the skaters' placement.
Entries
Results
Team standings
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
References
External links
Entries
Starting Order / Results
ISU World Team Trophy In Figure Skating, 2015
ISU World Team Trophy in Figure Skating
Bert Grund (1920–1992) was a German composer of film scores.
Selected filmography
Crown Jewels (1950)
Immortal Light (1951)
I Can't Marry Them All (1952)
We're Dancing on the Rainbow (1952)
My Wife Is Being Stupid (1952)
Knall and Fall as Detectives (1952)
The Bachelor Trap (1953)
The Bird Seller (1953)
The Immortal Vagabond (1953)
The Sun of St. Moritz (1954)
The Witch (1954)
The Major and the Bulls (1955)
Operation Sleeping Bag (1955)
Love's Carnival (1955)
The Marriage of Doctor Danwitz (1956)
Between Time and Eternity (1956)
That Won't Keep a Sailor Down (1958)
Arena of Fear (1959)
The Thousand Eyes of Dr. Mabuse (1960)
The Count of Luxemburg (1972)
Mathias Sandorf (1979, TV series)
Die Wächter (1986, TV miniseries)
Carmen on Ice (1990)
References
Bibliography
External links
1920 births
1992 deaths
German composers
Musicians from Dresden
The 3rd Guards Army () was a field army of the Soviet Red Army that fought on the Eastern Front in World War II.
The army fought in the Battle of Berlin, during which it mopped up German resistance around Cottbus.
1942 to 1945
It was formed on December 5, 1942 by the redesignation of the 1st Guards Army (Second formation), in accordance with a Stavka order dated the same day, as part of the Southwestern Front. Lieutenant General Dmitry Lelyushenko was appointed to command the formation, and held the reins until March 1943 (and subsequently from August 1943 to February 1944). Up to the middle of December the army comprised the 14th Rifle Corps, 50th Guards, 197th, 203rd and 278th Rifle Divisions, 90th and 94th Separate Rifle Brigades, the 1st Guards Mechanized Corps, the 22nd Motor Rifle Brigade and three separate tank regiments. It began combat operations during Operation Little Saturn in mid-December, defeating German troops on the Middle Don and frustrating Operation Winter Storm, a German attempt to relieve the 6th Army trapped in the Stalingrad Pocket created by the Soviet counteroffensive in the Battle of Stalingrad, Operation Uranus. During January and February 1943, it fought in the Operation Gallop, then defended the line of the Donets. Major General Georgy Khetagurov held command from March to August.
In the summer and fall, the 3rd Guards Army fought in the Donbass Strategic Offensive, then in the Zaporizhia Offensive in October. During the latter, the army broke through heavily fortified German defenses and captured Zaporizhia alongside the 8th Guards Army on October 14, eliminating a German bridgehead on the left bank of the Dnieper. Towards the end of the year, the army joined the 4th Ukrainian Front, participating in fierce fighting to eliminate the Nikopol bridgehead. During the Nikopol–Krivoi Rog Offensive in January and February 1944, the army crossed the Dnieper and captured Nikopol alongside the 3rd Ukrainian Front's 6th Army on February 8.
3rd Guards Army was assigned in succession to the Soviet Southwestern Front, 3rd, 4th and since March 1944 the First Ukrainian Front led by Marshal Ivan Konev. After a brief stint under the command of Lieutenant General Dmitry Ryabyshev in February and March 1944, from April 1944 to the end of the war in Europe Colonel General Vasily Gordov was in command. The Army participated in the Middle Don and Voroshilovgrad offensive operations, the defensive battles on the northern Donets River, in the Donbass and Zaporozhye offensive operations, in the liquidation of the Germans' Nikopol bridgehead, in the Nikopol - Krivoi Rog and Proskurov - Chernovits operations, the Lvov-Sandomierz Offensive, the Sandomierz–Silesian Offensive, and the Battle of Berlin.
Battle of Berlin
In the First Ukrainian Front's attack from the Neisse River into Saxony and the Brandenburg area, the 3rd Guards Army attacked north of Cottbus into the Spree River. Part of it also attacked Cottbus and captured it. However, the 3rd Guards Army did not head north into the southern suburbs of Berlin. Koniev had angled the 5th Guards Army left towards Spremberg and the 3rd Guards Army to the right to force the German troops back into Cottbus. A few days after the great Soviet offensive of April 16, the 3rd Guards Army kept the pressure on the Germans around Cottbus.
Konev was warned of the mass of German troops in the Spreewald. They expedited the 28th Army's advance that was intended to seal the gap between the 3rd Guards Army, effectively finishing off the Germans in the Cottbus area, and the 3rd Guards Tank Army. On April 25, when the First Belorussian Front was fighting in the city itself during the Battle of Berlin, the 3rd Guards Army was rushed into positions close to the Berlin-Dresden autobahn "to block all the forest roads leading from east to west." Gordov's troops chopped down tall pine trees to form tank barriers. However, the 3rd Guards Army did not manage to occupy the southern part of its sector, which meant that there was a gap between it and the 28th Army. However, that did not matter that much since German resistance in eastern Germany was now very limited, as the Ninth and Twelfth Armies were retreating towards the Elbe River, and resistance was limited to small pockets of concentration.
After the Berlin operation, the Army formed part of the Soviet force for the Prague Offensive.
Postwar
The 3rd Guards Army briefly became part of the Central Group of Forces when it was formed on 10 June 1945. At that time, it included the 21st Rifle Corps with the 149th, 197th, and 253rd Rifle Divisions, the 76th Rifle Corps with the 58th, 127th, and 389th Rifle Divisions, and the 120th Rifle Corps with the 54th, 287th, and 329th Rifle Divisions. The same Stavka order that established the group ordered the disbandment of the army's three rifle corps and all nine of its divisions, a process completed by July. Its headquarters was soon transferred to become the headquarters of the reorganised Volga Military District on 30 July.
Commanders
Lieutenant General Dmitry Lelyushenko (December 1942 — March 1943)
Guard Major General Georgy Khetagurov (March — August 1943)
Lieutenant General Dmitry Lelyushenko (August 1943 — February 1944)
Lieutenant General Dmitry Ryabyshev (February - March 1944)
Colonel General Vasily Gordov (April 1944 — end of War)
References
Citations
Bibliography
Beevor, Antony. The Fall of Berlin 1945. New York: Penguin Books, 2002.
External links
3rd Guards Army at samsv.narod.ru
G003
Military units and formations established in 1942
Guards Armies
Dhiru Ishwarlal Parikh (31 August 1933 – 9 May 2021) was an Indian Gujarati poet, short story writer and critic. They were an editor of Kavilok and Kumar, Gujarati literary magazines.
Biography
Dhiru Parikh was born on 31 August 1933 at Viramgam near Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. They completed their matriculation in 1951 from the town. They completed B.A. in 1955 from L. D. Arts College, M.A. in 1958 from Gujarat University and was awarded Ph.D. in 1967 for their thesis, Rasyugma Prakruti Nirupan. Since 1955, they taught at C. U. Shah College. They served as the principal of Mahila Arts College of Wadhwan affiliated with SNDT Women's University from 1967 to 1969. Later they joined as a professor of Department of Gujarati, School of Languages, Gujarat University in 1977, served as a head from 1986 to their retirement in 1993. They edited bimonthly, Kavilok of Gujarati poetry, since 1976 which they joined in 1969 as co-editor. They served as president of Gujarati Sahitya Parishad from December 2013 to December 2014. They also edited Kumar since 1991.
They married Kamla Parikh (née Patel) in 1964. They died on 9 May 2021, in Ahmedabad.
Works
Their first work published in 1951 was a short story titled Pehlu Rudan. Their short story collection Kantakni Khushbo (1964) has twenty two stories. Their other story collection is Parajit Vijay. Ughad (1979) is a collection of poetry. Ang Pachisi (1982) is a collection of twenty five traditional Chhappa styled sarcastic poems. Aagiya (1982) is a collection of haiku. Their other poetry collections are Hari Chadya Adfete, Shikhare Betha Chhe Sthitipragnya (2003), Station ane Train (2007).
They wrote biography of Rajendra Shah under Gujarati Granthkar Shreni and published in 1977. Rasyug ma Prakritinirupan (Nature in medieval literature of Raas, 1978) is their research thesis. Atratya Tatratya (1978) is a collection of introductory essays on poets which include Gujarati poets along with C. K. Louis, W. H. Auden, Pablo Neruda, Eugenio Montale and Yevgeny Yevtushenko. Narsinh Mehta (1981) is a biography of Narsinh Mehta. Kharakshar (1982) has short introduction of several Gujarati authors including Dayaram, Dalpatram, Narmad, Priyakant Maniyar, Jagdish Joshi, Manilal Desai. Kaalma Korya Naam (1977) is a collection of short biographies including Yasunari Kawabata, Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar, Charles Dickens, Dalpatram, Pujya Mota.
Samkalin Kavio (1983) is criticism of poetry of contemporary poets including Labhshankar Thakar, Sitanshu Yashaschandra, Rajendra Shukla, Ravji Patel, Adil Mansuri. Paravartan (1985), Prayogshil Sarjak Nhanalal (1987), Amar Brahmana Alokma, Ubhayanvaya (1986) are works of criticism. They edited several books, Nishkulanand Padavali (1981), Saar Mahakavyo (1983), Panch Mahakavyo (1984) and T. S. Eliot (1989). Tulnatmak Sahitya (1984) is a work on comparative literature. They translated Divine Comedy in 1985.
Awards
They were awarded Kumar Chandrak in 1971, Swami Sachchidanand Sanman in 2004, Premanand Suvarna Chandrak in 2006 and Ranjitram Suvarna Chandrak in 2008.
See also
List of Gujarati-language writers
References
External links
1933 births
2021 deaths
Poets from Gujarat
Gujarati people
Gujarati-language writers
Indian male poets
Gujarati-language poets
20th-century Indian poets
Indian magazine editors
Recipients of the Ranjitram Suvarna Chandrak
20th-century Indian male writers
Gujarat University alumni
Gujarat University faculty
People from Ahmedabad district
Comparative literature academics
Brigadier Phillip David Prosser CBE is a British Army officer and engineer, the commander of 101 Logistic Brigades based in Aldershot. They previously served in the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers. Prosser has been appointed head of the Army's Operation Iron Viper to help Britain's National Health Service administer vaccines against the coronavirus pandemic. They were appointed CBE in the 2021 New Year Honours.
Early life and education
Phillip Prosser is from Llanelli, Wales. They were educated at Bryngwyn Comprehensive before attending Welbeck College in Nottinghamshire where they completed their A Levels. Prosser then attended the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst where they were commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in 1992. They later attended The Royal Military College of Science at Shrivenham gaining a degree in mechanical engineering. They later completed an MBA from the Open University.  They are a chartered mechanical engineer.
Career
Prosser is commander of the British Army's 101 Logistic Brigade. They were commissioned in the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers in 1992 and completed operational tours of Bosnia Kosovo War, Iraq and Afghanistan. In 2010-11 they attended the Advanced Command Staff Course for military officers tipped for senior leadership roles.
They helped to distribute PPE to hospitals during the first coronavirus lockdown in March 2020.
In 2021 they were appointed head of the Army's Operation Iron Viper to help Britain's NHS administer COVID-19 vaccines during the coronavirus pandemic in the UK.
They were appointed CBE in the 2021 New Year Honours.
References
External links
Twitter
Royal Logistic Corps officers
Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers officers
Alumni of the Open University
Alumni of Cranfield University
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Welsh soldiers
People from Llanelli
Welsh mechanical engineers
Emma Van Name also known as Little Girl in Pink With a Goblet Filled With Strawberries is a 1805 portrait painting by self-taught American folk artist Joshua Johnson and is in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Description
The work depicts a female toddler from Maryland and was painted in Baltimore.
It was rediscovered in the late 1950s by New York folk and modernist art dealer, Edith Halpert. Afterward, it was included in numerous international exhibitions and is considered an icon of American folk painting.
After being acquired by Edgar William Garbisch and their wife, Bernice Chrysler Garbisch they donated it to the Whitney Museum of American Art in 1970. However, the museum made a decision in 1978 to focus on "collecting in the 20th century.'' In 1988, it was sold for $660,000 at Sotheby's to art dealer Alexander Acevedo, more than 14 times the previous record at auction for any of Johnson's work. Sotheby's folk-art specialist Nancy Druckman described it as "one of the most widely exhibited folk portraits."
After the auction closed, actor Bill Cosby, owner of multiple Johnson works, was a critic of the sale.
The work was acquired by The Metropolitan Museum of Art in 2016.
References
Created via preloaddraft
Paintings in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art
1805 paintings
Paintings of children
The Church and Santa Casa da Misericórdia () is a former church and hospital in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil. It was established as a branch of the Santa Casa da Misericórdia in 1549; a hospital, Hospital da Caridade (), functioned from the 17th century. The Santa Casa additionally held a monopoly on burials in colonial Bahia. It was additionally funded by its brotherhood, the Brotherhood of Santa Casa. The Santa Casa of Bahia accepted the donation of a slave-holding plantation, the Fazenda Saubara in present-day Saubara, in 1652. The former hospital and chapel now functions as a museum, the Misericórdia Museum (). The Santa Casa, apart from the museum, now owns and operates the Santa Izabel Hospital, the Santa Casa Medical Faculty, the Jorge Calmon Memory Center, Campo Santo Cemetery, an events space, and numerous historic buildings in Salvador.
Location
The Church and Santa Casa da Misericórdia is located in the Historic Center of Salvador. Its monumental portals and baroque façade face a narrow street that runs through the historic center. The rear of the Santa Casa opens to views of the Bay of All Saints. The building was adjacent to the Old Cathedral of Salvador to the north; the demolition of the old cathedral in 1933 disfigured the north façade of the Santa Casa. The old cathedral was replaced by a public square, the Praça da Sé, and the Santa Casa now faces the Archbishop's Palace of Salvador.
Misericórdia Museum
The Misericórdia Museum was established in 2006. It has a collection of 3,874 pieces of furniture, art, sacred imagery, and relics of the Hospital da Caridade itself. The museum additionally maintains the chapel of Santa Casa, much in its original form. The extensive archival records and library of the Santa Casa are housed separately at the Jorge Calmon Memory Center.
Protected status
The Church and Santa Casa da Misericórdia was listed as a historic structure by the National Institute of Historic and Artistic Heritage in 1938.
See also
The Chapel of Senhor Bom Jesus dos Pobres (), once part of the Fazenda Saubara in present-day Saubara
The Cemetery of Campo Santo, inaugurated in 1840, and still operated by the Santa Casa
The Santa Izabel Hospital, inaugurated in 1893, which replaced the Hospital da Caridade
The Coleção de Livros do Banguê (English: Banguê Book Collection), an 11-volume set of records of the burial expenses of enslaved people in colonial Bahia, now held at the Jorge Calmon Memory Center
References
National heritage sites of Bahia
Portuguese Colonial architecture in Brazil
Historic Center (Salvador, Bahia)
Museums in Salvador, Bahia
Russell County (standard abbreviation: RS) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the population was 6,691. The largest city and county seat is Russell. Russell, the county seat, was the home of former U.S. Senate Majority leader and 1996 GOP presidential nominee Bob Dole for many years. It was also the boyhood home of U.S. Senator Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania, who was born in Wichita.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the Louisiana Purchase.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1867, Russell County was established.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.5%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Osborne County (north)
Lincoln County (east)
Ellsworth County (southeast)
Barton County (south)
Rush County (southwest)
Ellis County (west)
Major highways
The city of Russell is the junction of Interstate 70, a major east-west highway through the Midwestern United States, and U.S. Route 281, which begins at the Canada–US border in North Dakota and ends at the Mexico–US border in Texas. I-70 also runs through Gorham on the western end of the county and Dorrance on the eastern end. Hays is west of Russell and Salina is east of Russell.
Further along I-70, Russell is approximately west of Kansas City, Missouri and east of Denver, Colorado.
K-18, a major east-west state highway in northern Kansas, enters from Osborne County to the west and runs through Paradise before joining up with US 281 through Waldo. US 281 and K-18 split again at the city limits of Luray, and K-18 continues east through Lucas and into Lincoln County. US 281 heads north into Osborne County.
South of I-70, US 281 heads into Barton County and towards the city of Great Bend.
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 7,370 people, 3,207 households, and 2,020 families residing in the county. The population density was 8 people per square mile (3/km2). There were 3,871 housing units at an average density of 4 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.58% White, 0.50% Black or African American, 0.56% Native American, 0.33% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.27% from other races, and 0.75% from two or more races. 0.91% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,207 households, out of which 25.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.40% were married couples living together, 7.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.00% were non-families. 32.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.83.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.40% under the age of 18, 5.80% from 18 to 24, 23.30% from 25 to 44, 24.30% from 45 to 64, and 24.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 92.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,284, and the median income for a family was $40,355. Males had a median income of $25,916 versus $17,957 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,073. About 9.10% of families and 12.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.80% of those under age 18 and 8.50% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Russell County is overwhelmingly Republican. The last Democrat to carry the county was Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964, and Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 and 1936 is the only other to ever achieve this feat. In 1996, aided by a strong “favorite son” vote, Russell was Bob Dole's second strongest county nationwide behind the famous Republican bastion of Ochiltree County, Texas.
Laws
Russell County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Schools in Russell County have experienced major change in the 2010-11 school year. USD 407, which previously served all of Russell County except the northwest and southeast corners, retracted its footprint and will only serve the cities of Russell, Gorham and Bunker Hill and areas to the south of Interstate 70 along and adjacent to US 281.
Lucas-Luray High School, previously operated by USD 407, was acquired by the school district in Sylvan Grove in western Lincoln County and will be converted into a K-6 school. Meanwhile, the elementary school in Luray has closed. Students in Lucas and Luray in grades 7-12 will attend school in Sylvan Grove.
Unified school districts
Central Plains USD 112 (serves Dorrance and southeastern part of county south of I-70; extends into Barton, Ellsworth and Rice Counties)
Sylvan–Lucas USD 299 (serves Lucas, Luray and northeast part of county along K-18; extends into Lincoln County)
Paradise-Natoma-Waldo USD 399 (serves Paradise, Waldo and northwest part of county along K-18; extends into Osborne and Rooks Counties)
Russell County USD 407 (serves cities of Russell, Gorham, Bunker Hill and rural south central and southwest parts of county; does not extend into any other counties)
Communities
Cities
Bunker Hill
Dorrance
Gorham
Lucas
Luray
Paradise
Russell
Waldo
Unincorporated communities
Dubuque
Fairport
Milberger
Ghost towns
Bayne
Blue Stem
East Wolf
Fay
Forest Hill
Greenvale
Hawley
Jack
Kennebec
Success
Winterset
Woodville
Other unincorporated areas
Balta
Homer
Townships
Russell County is divided into twelve townships. The city of Russell is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Russell County, Kansas
References
Notes
Further reading
County
Russell County in the War : Being a Record of the War Activities of the County and the Part that it Played in the Great Struggle; John E. Wilson; Capper Printing; 190 pages; 1921.
Plat Book of Russell County, Kansas; North West Publishing Co; 47 pages; 1901.
Trails
Guide Map of the Best and Shortest Cattle Trail to the Kansas Pacific Railway; Kansas Pacific Railway Company; 1875. (Read Online)(Map)
External links
County
Russell County - Directory of Public Officials
Other
Russell County Fair, held the first week of August
Maps
Russell County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1867 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1867
The Kanashen (or Konashen) Community Owned Conservation (COCA) is Guyana's first community-owned area that is legally protected; it is primarily inhabited by the Wai-Wai indigenous group.
Kanashen houses the headwaters of the Essequibo River, Guyana's principal water source, and encompasses the southern portion of its watershed, which drains the Kassikaityu, Kamoa, Sipu and Chodikar rivers. The main mountains are the Wassarai, Yahore, Komoa and Kaiawakua, with elevations up to about 1200 metres above sea level.
Bio-diversity
Flora
The biology of the Kanashen district is relatively unstudied, except for its flora. Botanically, the area has many species found only in the area and is covered by four general vegetation types, which have remained almost completely intact. The main vegetation types are tall evergreen highland forest and tall/medium evergreen lower montane forest. There are also small areas of tall evergreen flooded riparian forest and lowland shrub savanna. Species such as Manyokinaballi (Geissospermum spp.) and Kakaralli (Eschweilera) are the most common of the 192 species recorded.
Fauna
The area contains important fauna such as giant river otters (Pteronura brasiliensis), the cock of the rock (Rupicola rupicola), the giant harpy eagle (Harpia harpyja) and other animals that support the livelihood of the Wais-Wais. Three globally threatened species inhabit the COCA: the Giant Armadillo (Priodontes maximus), one of the Harlequin Toads (Atelopus spumarius) and the Brazilian Tapir (tapirus terrestris). The Giant Anteater (Myrmecophaga tridactyla), jaguars (Panthera onca), labba (Agouti paca), peccary (Tayassu spp.) and forest deer (Mazama spp.) are also known to occur in the area.
Birds
Results of community-based bird surveys at three sites recorded 117 species, approximately 16% of the total number of species recorded in Guyana. This number was increased by an additional 100 species identified during a rapid biological assessment study. Some of the birds present in the COCA are the Screaming Piha (Lipaugus vociferans), White-tailed Trogon (Trogon viridis), Painted Parakeet (Pyrrhura picta), Golden-headed Manakin (Pipra erythrocephala), several species of parrots and macaw including the Scarlet (Ara macao), Red Shouldered (Diopsittaca nobilis) and Blue and Yellow (Ara ararauna) Macaws, and species of antbirds (Thamnophilidae) and toucans (Ramphastidae).
Location
The community lies within the Kanashen Indigenous District in the tropical wilderness of remote southern Guyana. The area covers 625,000 hectares of pristine rainforest and is considered by many to be the last of the pristine frontier rainforest in Guyana. It encompasses the watershed of the Essequibo River (Guyana's major water source) and the tributaries of the Kassikaityu, Kamoa, Sipu and Chodikar rivers. The site contains the Wassarai, Yahore, Komoa and Kaiawakua mountains with elevations as high as 1200 meters above sea level. The pristine state of the area is due to the extremely low population density (about 0.032 humans/km2) and the difficult terrain, which negatively affects accessibility and the economic viability of potential extractive industries.
People and culture
The only community—Masakenari ('the place of the Mosquito')—is located in the area and is inhabited by the Wai-Wai populace. It was established in January 2000 when flooding forced the community to move from its previous location at Akotopono, six kilometers northeast of Masakenari. In the past, the Wai Wai people in Kanashen periodically changed the location of their villages. This reflects the agro-practice of shifting cultivation in which an area in the forest is cleared, occupied and cultivated for a period before its inhabitants move on to another area. This practice facilitates habitat and soil rejuvenation in the fragile ecosystem of a tropical rainforest. The Wai Wai people have a rich cultural history; many traditions and customs are still observed. Over millennia they have kept a close spiritual, cultural and social relationship with their environment and its resources. For instance, hunters do not eat of their own kill because of the Wai-Wai traditional belief that some plants and animals carry the spirit of their hunter/gatherer. Since the mid 20th century, the Wai Wai community has practiced Christianity, traveling long distances for regular spiritual gatherings with Wai Wai groups in Brazil and Suriname. The primary language spoken in this community is Wai Wai, but English functions as a second language for interaction outside the community, with government, partners, and in the educational system.
Socio-economic information
The community of Masakenari has a resident population of approximately 203 persons in 34 households. The community is primarily Wai Wai but also contains a few members of other Amerindian groups, mainly Wapishana and Trio. The community has a school with nursery, primary and secondary classes for 56 pupils. It is staffed by one head teacher assisted by three teaching staff. The average level of educational attainment in the village is seven years, the equivalent of Form 4 in the Guyanese education system and the highest level of schooling that is available in most villages. The community also has a health centre that is equipped to provide basic health care services and is staffed by a community health worker.
The community is serviced by solar powered electricity and water systems. There is an airstrip located 9 kilometers from the village, which is usable during the dry season or when the ground is dry enough to permit landing in the rainy season. Masakenari can also be accessed by river from Erepoimo, the nearest village, by traveling down the Kuyuwini River and then up the Essequibo. There is also a trail connecting the village to Erepoimo. The journey can take up to two weeks with optimal river and trail conditions. Low water in the dry season or flooded trails during the rainy season can make the trip longer and more difficult, even isolating the community at times.
Masakenari can be classified as having a subsistence economy; the primary economic activities in the community are farming, hunting, and fishing. The practice of barter is widely used within the community, although there is a gradual transition to a cash economy in order to purchase items for household use such as clothing, cooking utensils, wares, and certain foodstuffs from businesses outside the village. Aside from the few persons with permanent employment, most households have only occasional access to cash income. Seasonal migration occurs frequently, primarily in the form of men leaving the village to work as laborers in other parts of Guyana or in Brazil. A large number of households have family members, especially children and siblings, living permanently outside the community in order to obtain employment or to attend secondary school or other educational programs. Marriage is another commonly reported reason for leaving the village. Households can and do occasionally supplement their income through craftmaking, sewing, wildlife trading, mining, and the sale of agricultural products such as farine (a staple food made from cassava) and salted fish. Some permanent employment exists in the village, including the community health worker, the hinterland affairs worker, and the teachers. As the elected village leader, the Touchau also receives a monthly stipend.
Governance
The head of the community is the Kayaritomo (Chief/Touchau), who is supported by a deputy Touchau and the council members. Elections to fill these positions are held in accordance with national laws every three years. Kanashen District is administered together with the Deep South Sub-district of Region Nine. The Kayaritomo and the council are supported by several persons within the community including the church elders, women's group, community health worker, hinterland affairs worker, youth leaders and the teachers. The rest of the community is also involved in decision making from time to time as it is the practice of the community leadership to keep the community informed and involved through community meetings to discuss major issues.
Notes
References
Huber, Otto; Gharbarran, G and Funk, V. (1995). "Vegetation Map of Guyana (preliminary version)". Center for the Study of Biological Diversity, University of Guyana, Georgetown.
Shea, B. et al. (in press): Rapid assessment of the Avi-fauna in the Konashen District.
Alonso, L; McCullough, J.; Alexander, E.; Wright, H. (2008). "A Rapid Biological Assessment of the Konoshen Community Owned Conservation Area, Southern Guyana". 12-13
Indigenous villages in Guyana
IUCN Category VI
Populated places in Upper Takutu-Upper Essequibo
Protected areas of Guyana
The Svetlyak class, Russian designation Project 10410 Svetlyak, is a class of patrol boats designed and built in the Soviet Union and later in Russia, and currently being used primarily by the Russian Navy and Russian Coast Guard.
Design
The patrol boats of the class are designed to carry out a variety of missions, from patrol missions to prevent violations of maritime state border, to protect friendly vessels and facilities from enemy surface and air attacks. The patrol boats are constructed with a steel hull and aluminum superstructure. The boats have NBC warfare protection and can survive with two compartments flooded. The patrol boats engine room is coated with a vibration damping material.
Variants
Project 10410 – a version operated by Soviet and later Russian Coast Guard.
Project 10411 – an export missile boat version armed with eight Kh-35 (SS-N-25 'Switchblade') anti-ship missiles.
Project 10412 – an export version for Slovenia and Vietnam.
Operators
Russian Navy
Russian Coast Guard
Slovenian Navy
Vietnam People's Navy
See also
List of ships of the Soviet Navy
List of ships of Russia by project number
References
Notes
Bibliography
Also published as
External links
Project 10410 at RussianShips
Project 10410 general characteristics
Maritime Units of the Russian Border Guard Forces
Patrol vessels of the Soviet Navy
Patrol vessels of the Russian Navy
Patrol boat classes
Peter Andreas Severinsson Brandal (21 December 1870 – 23 March 1933) was a Norwegian sealer and business person. They were one of the founders of the community of Ny-Ålesund on the island of Spitsbergen in Svalbard, Norway.
Biography
Brandal was born at the village of Brandal on the island of Hareidlandet in Møre og Romsdal, Norway. They were the son of Sevrin Olavius Martinus Larsen (1847–1934) and Davida Petersdatter (1842–1903). They started working as a fisher after confirmation and bought their first vessel in 1891. Eight years later it participated in its first Arctic Ocean sealing expedition. Brandal participated in a fur hunting expedition to Greenland in 1901. Their fleet gradually increased, with focus on Arctic Ocean sealing. They stopped active seamanship in 1911 and became a manager for the fleet. Besides the hunting of seals, it now also hunted walrus. Brandal was also engaged in the processing of products from fishing activities through the establishment of a herring factory.
During World War I, Norwegian access to a coal supply was limited. Brandal bought the coal mining claims at Kongsfjorden on Svalbard in 1916 for 250,000 Norwegian kroner. They established Kings Bay Kull Comp. A/S (KBKC) that year and started mining that summer.
The following year their company established the town of Ny-Ålesund. During the first years, several names were in use for the settlement, including Kings Bay, Kingsbay and Brandal City. Ny-Ålesund came into use in the early 1920s. Later Trygve Klausen, Michael Knutsen and Trygve Jervell joined Brandal as co-owners of the company. Production started quickly, but the company eventually met difficulties throughout the 1920s. Low coal prices due to the international financial crisis led to the total loss of 1929.
After all mining operations in Ny-Ålesund were stopped, the Norwegian state acquired all the shares in KBKC in 1933. Kings Bay AS it is now a government enterprise owned by the Norwegian Ministry of Trade and Industry which operates the entire settlement of Ny-Ålesund.
See also
Kings Bay Affair
References
Bibliography
External links
Kings Bay AS - Ny-Ålesund website
1870 births
1933 deaths
People from Hareid
Norwegian fishers
Norwegian company founders
Norwegian businesspeople in shipping
Norwegian businesspeople in mining
Sealers
Saud bin Abdulaziz bin Nasser Al Saud (, born 1977) is a member of the Saudi royal family and a convicted murderer.  They are a grandson of King Abdullah.
Murder and trial
In February 2010, they were found guilty at the Old Bailey of murdering their servant Bandar Abdulaziz in their suite at the Landmark Hotel in London. During the trial, it was alleged that the prince had received a "sexual massage" before the murder, and that they and Abdulaziz had been in a homosexual relationship, a common occurrence in Saudi culture, and that the murder was a culmination of an extremely abusive "Master-Slave" relationship.The prince maintained that they and their victim were "friends and equals", denied an alleged homosexual relationship between the two.However, prosecutor Jonathan Laidlaw stated that the evidence found - including photographs stored on a mobile phone and traces of semen on the victim's underwear - "establishes quite conclusively that (Al Saud) was either gay or had homosexual inclinations.
They were sentenced to life imprisonment. In March, 2013 they were allowed to return to Saudi Arabia to serve the remainder of their term in a Saudi prison. According to the agreement between the U.K. and Saudi Arabia, they must serve at least 20 years before they can be released.
Family
Saud's maternal grandfather was Abdullah of Saudi Arabia, who was King at the time when Saud was convicted and sentenced by a court in the UK. Both of Saud's parents belong to the Saudi royal family. They are first cousins to each other, being the children of two half-brothers, both of whom were the sons of King Abdulaziz, founder of the modern Saudi state. Saud's father is Abdulaziz bin Nasser, the son of Nasser bin Abdulaziz, themselves the son of King Abdulaziz. Saud's mother, Fayza, is the daughter of Saud of Saudi Arabia, themselves a son of King Abdulaziz.
References
Living people
1977 births
2010 in London
2010 murders in the United Kingdom
Saudi Arabian people convicted of murder
LGBT people from Saudi Arabia
Prisoners and detainees of England and Wales
Prisoners and detainees of Saudi Arabia
Saud
Imma metriodoxa is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on Sumbawa in Indonesia.
The wingspan is about 22 mm. The forewings are fuscous, finely sprinkled with ochreous whitish and with a small indistinct ochreous-whitish spot on the costa before the middle and a moderate dark fuscous discal dot at three-fifths, as well as a slender ochreous-whitish oblique streak from the costa at two-thirds, angulated above the middle and then proceeding as a faint sinuate line to the tornus. There is an ochreous-whitish almost apical dot and an irregular terminal line of dark fuscous suffusion. The hindwings are fuscous with a suffused submedian streak which is paler and ochreous tinged.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Indonesia
Spurgeon is a locality in the Shire of Douglas, Queensland, Australia. In the , Spurgeon had a population of 0 people.
Geography
The locality is entirely within the Mount Windsor National Park.
References
Shire of Douglas
Localities in Queensland
Nickelodeon is an Italian children's television channel launched on 1 November 2004 on Sky Italia.
From 1997 until 2000, Rai Sat 2 broadcast Nickelodeon cartoons for three hours a day.
History
The channel was launched on 1 November 2004. At first it divided its frequency with Comedy Central, which broadcast at night. On 31 July 2009 a +1 timeshift version was launched. The same day Nick Jr. was launched, replacing RaiSat YOYO, which became free and is now named Rai Yoyo. On 9 September 2013, it and the +1 version of the network converted to a 16:9 widescreen aspect ratio.
Related channels
Nick Jr.
Nick Jr. is an Italian children's' TV channel aimed at pre-school children, It is available on Sky Italia & was launched on 31 July 2009.
TeenNick
TeenNick was an Italian TV channel aimed at Teens & Pre-Teens & aired a wide-variety of Nickelodeons Live-action programming it was launched in 4 December 2015, though was unsuccessful & closed after about 4 years of broadcasting on 2 May 2020, The channel was available though Sky Italia.
References
External links
Italy
Telecom Italia Media
Children's television networks
Television channels in Italy
Television channels and stations established in 2004
Italian-language television stations
2004 establishments in Italy
Carenum subporcatulum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1865.
References
subporcatulum
Beetles described in 1865
Imma cuneata is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found in Brazil and Colombia.
The wingspan is 22–23 mm. The forewings are whitish, more or less suffusedly irrorated (sprinkled) with purplish brown and with very deep brown markings. There is a very oblique acute wedge-shaped mark from the costa near the base, limited anteriorly by a vertical white line from the costa to the fold and a small spot on the costa at one-fourth, almost connected with a transverse elongate-triangular spot in the disc beyond one-fourth. A semi-oval spot is found on the costa before the middle and there are some irregular spots towards the dorsum, as well as a transverse I-shaped mark in disc at three-fifths, beneath which is an irregular patch of dark suffusion. An elongated blotch extends from near the discal mark to near the termen, crossed by a streak of undefined suffusion from three-fourths of the costa to the tornus and there is a pale waved terminal line, preceded by a series of suffused dark dots. The hindwings are dark fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of South America
Serge Zwikker (born April 28, 1973) is a Dutch former basketball player.
High School career
They first came to the United States in 1988, playing for Don Kent at Monsignor Clancy Memorial High School in Queens, New York. They then transferred to Flint Hill Prep, and then finished their prep career at Harker Prep.
College career
Zwikker played four years of college basketball for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill under coach Dean Smith. They saw limited playing time their first two years, usually coming off the bench for Rasheed Wallace. Zwikker's college career breakthrough came March 17, 1995 against Murray State University. Plagued by an ankle injury, Wallace scored only six points before Smith went to the uninjured Zwikker in relief. Zwikker went on to score 19 points as they and Jerry Stackhouse led the Tar Heels to an 80–70 win. Zwikker became the Tar Heels' starting center following Wallace's departure in the 1995 NBA Draft.
Professional career
Houston Rockets (1997–1998)
Zwikker was selected by the Houston Rockets with the first pick of the second round (29th overall) in the 1997 NBA Draft, and spent one season on the Rockets' bench. However, they did not record any playing time. Due to the 1998 NBA lockout, they signed a three-year contract with TAU Cerámica in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Spain.
Return to Europe (1998–2000)
Zwikker played Euroleague basketball in 1998–99, first playing for TAU Cerámica in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Spain, and then for Gorizia in Italy. After only ten games with Gorizia, their season ended due to a back injury.
Personal life
Zwikker has two daughters, Courtney (2001) and Ellen (2003). They both play volleyball in college, Courtney plays for Barry University and Ellen plays for Eckerd College. These schools are both a part of the NCAA Division 2, Sunshine State Conference, so the sisters will be competing against each other.
Notes
External links
Zwikker's player page on basketball-reference.com
1973 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
CB Breogán players
Centers (basketball)
Den Helder Kings players
Dutch expatriate basketball people in Spain
Dutch expatriate basketball people in the United States
Dutch men's basketball players
Houston Rockets draft picks
Liga ACB players
McDonald's High School All-Americans
North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Saski Baskonia players
Sportspeople from Maassluis
Apotoforma kakamegae is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae that is endemic to Kenya.
The wingspan is about . The ground colour of the forewings is whitish cream sprinkled and dotted brown. The markings are brown. The hindwings are brown cream.
Etymology
The species name refers to the type locality.
References
External links
Moths described in 2012
Tortricini
Endemic moths of Kenya
Moths of Africa
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Griselda Blanco Restrepo (February 15, 1943 – September 3, 2012), known as the Black Widow, was a Colombian drug lady of the Medellín Cartel, and in the Miami-based cocaine drug trade and underworld, during the 1980s through the early 2000s. They were shot dead on September 3, 2012, at the age of 69.
Biography
Early life
Griselda Blanco Restrepo was born in Cartagena on the country's north coast. They and their mother, Ana Blanco, moved to Medellín when they were three years old. Upon arriving there, they adopted a criminal lifestyle. Blanco's former lover, Charles Cosby, recounted that at the age of 11 they allegedly kidnapped, attempted to ransom and eventually shot a child from an upscale flatland neighborhood near their own neighborhood. Blanco had become a pickpocket before they even turned 13. To escape the sexual assaults of their mother's boyfriend, they ran away from home at the age of 19 and resorted to looting in Medellín until the age of 20.
Drug business
Blanco was a figure in the drug trade from Colombia to Miami, New York and California.
In the mid-1970s, they illegally immigrated to the United States with false passports and settled in Queens, New York. They established a sizable cocaine business there and in April 1975, they were indicted on federal drug conspiracy charges along with 30 of their subordinates. They fled to Colombia before they could be arrested, but returned to the United States and settled in Miami in the late 1980s.
Them return more or less coincided with the beginning of very public violent conflicts that involved hundreds of murders and killings yearly which were associated with the high crime epidemic that swept the City of Miami in the 1980s. The struggle by law enforcement to put an end to the influx of cocaine into Miami led to the creation of CENTAC 26 (Central Tactical Unit), a joint operation between the Miami-Dade Police Department and the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) anti-drug operation.
Blanco was involved in the drug-related violence known as the Miami Drug War or the Cocaine Cowboy Wars that plagued Miami in the late 1970s and early 1980s. This was a time when cocaine was trafficked more than cannabis.
The distribution network, which spanned the United States, earned $80 million per month.
In 1984, Blanco's willingness to use violence towards anyone who displeased them led their rivals to make repeated attempts to assassinate them In an attempt to escape the hits that were called on her, they fled to California. Drug barons in Colombia allowed their access to killers then they would be given orders to tell the killers to murder a particular rival. They commonly told them that everyone in a dwelling where the target was located should be killed; at times they demanded that any living entity (cats, dogs, goldfish, etc.) were also to be killed. Thus, several innocent people, even children, were killed along with the cartel's intended victim. These extra murders caused Miami to become the murder capital of America for years.
Arrest
On February 17, 1985 Blanco was arrested in their home by the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) and charged with conspiring to manufacture, import, and distribute cocaine. The case went to trial in federal court in New York City where they were found guilty and sentenced to 15 years.
While serving their sentence, they were charged with three counts of first-degree murder by the state of Florida. The prosecution made a deal with one of Blanco's most trusted hitmen, Jorge Ayala, who agreed to testify against them However, the case collapsed due to technicalities relating to a phone sex scandal between Ayala and two female secretaries who worked in the state attorney's office. Blanco pleaded guilty in 1998 and was sentenced to 20 years in prison. In 2002, Blanco suffered a heart attack in prison.
In 2004, they were released and deported to Medellín. Before their murder in 2012, they were last seen in May 2007 at Bogotá Airport.
Death
On the night of 3 September 2012, Blanco bought $150 worth of meat at Cardiso butcher shop on the corner of 29th Street in Medellín. They died at age of 69 when they were shot in the head and shoulder by a motorcyclist who entered the shop.
Personal life
Blanco's first husband was Carlos Trujillo with whom they had three sons, Dixon, Uber, and Osvaldo, all of them poorly educated.
Blanco had their youngest son, Michael Corleone Blanco, with their third husband, Darío Sepúlveda. Them husband left them in 1983, returned to Colombia, and kidnapped Michael when they and Blanco disagreed over who would have custody. Blanco paid to have Sepúlveda assassinated in Colombia, and their son returned to them in Miami.
According to the Miami New Times, "Michael's father and older siblings were all killed before they reached adulthood. Their mother was in prison for most of their childhood and teenage years, and they were raised by their maternal grandmother and legal guardians." In 2012, Michael was put under house arrest after an arrest in May on two felony counts of cocaine trafficking and conspiracy to traffic in cocaine. They appeared on a 2018 episode of the Investigation Discovery documentary series, Evil Lives Here, to recount their lonely childhood. In 2019, they were featured in the VH1 docuseries Cartel Crew, which follows the descendants of drug lords. They also run a clothing brand, "Puro Blanco".
According to Michael, their mother became a born-again Christian.
In 2004, the heir to their legacy and to some of their vast fortune, goddaughter Ashley Uriquio, married Raymond LaFountain-Gotti, the mafioso and alleged son of the John Gotti Sr.
Popular culture
Blanco has been featured in multiple documentaries, series, films, and songs, including several forthcoming projects.
They feature prominently in the documentary films Cocaine Cowboys (2006) and Cocaine Cowboys 2 (2008; also written as Cocaine Cowboys II: Hustlin' With the Godmother).
In 2010, Florida rapper Jacki-O released a mixtape "La Madrina - Griselda Blanco".
 They are portrayed by the Colombian actor Luces Velásquez in 2012 television series Pablo Escobar, The Drug Lord as the character of Graciela Rojas.
In 2012, American rapper Westside Gunn formed a record label called Griselda Records, naming it after Blanco.
In a television biographical film Cocaine Godmother, which premiered in 2018 on the Lifetime channel, Blanco is portrayed by Catherine Zeta-Jones.
In 2018, they were mentioned in the chorus of NBA Young Boy's song "Slime Belief".
In the 2018 song "Portland" by Drake featuring Quavo and Travis Scott, they are mentioned in the second verse.
 They are mentioned in the 2019 remix of song “Suge (Yea Yea)” by DaBaby featuring Nicki Minaj.
As of 2020, there were plans to produce a film titled The Godmother, starring Jennifer Lopez as Blanco.
Blanco is to be portrayed by the Colombian-American actor Sofia Vergara in a Netflix limited series titled Griselda, announced in November 2021.
"Griselda Blanco", a song by Toronto Drill/Grime rappers Pengz and Two two, was certified Platinum in Canada.
See also
List of people deported or removed from the United States
Pablo Escobar
Enedina Arellano Félix, another well-known female alleged cartel leader
References
Sources
Pablo Escobar and Colombian Narcoculture by Aldona Bialowas Pobutsky
External links
Griselda Blanco pagina web Link may not work (last checked 2.April, 2017)
Washington Post: Drugs
Red Orbit: Cocaine 'Godmother' Released From Prison
Female Scarface
U.S. v. Griselda Blanco, 861 F.2d 773
Griselda Blanco – War with Pablo Escobar | Video, Check123 – Video Encyclopedia
1943 births
2012 deaths
20th-century criminals
Bisexual women
Colombian Christians
Cocaine in the United States
Colombian emigrants to the United States
Colombian female murderers
Female organized crime figures
Colombian mass murderers
Colombian crime bosses
Colombian people imprisoned abroad
Deaths by firearm in Colombia
LGBT people from Colombia
Medellín Cartel traffickers
Murdered gangsters
People from Santa Marta
People deported from the United States
People murdered by Colombian organized crime
Colombian drug traffickers
Colombian people convicted of murder
Filipino singer Kyla has recorded material for nine studio albums and one extended play (EP). They have also collaborated with other artists on duets and featured songs on their respective albums. After signing a record deal with EMI Philippines in 2000, Kyla began to work with producer Chito Ilacad and songwriter Arnie Mendaros, who wrote all of the songs on their debut studio album, Way to Your Heart, which was released later that year. It included the single "Hanggang Ngayon", whose accompanying music video won the International Viewer's Choice Awards for Southeast Asia at the 2001 MTV Video Music Awards. They continued to collaborate with Mendaros on their eponymous second album, which was released in 2002. They were the sole writer of the songs "I'm Into You" and "This Day".
Kyla's third studio album, I Will Be There, was released in May 2003. The title track was written by Ogie Alcasid. The album also featured the song "Flexin", a collaboration with English boy band Blue. They released their fourth studio album, Not Your Ordinary Girl, in October 2004. The lead single, "Human Nature", was a cover of Michael Jackson's 1983 R&B hit. Keith Martin wrote the tracks "Because of You", "Only For You", "Someone To Love", and "When I'm With You", while Jay R and Jimmy Martinez composed the album's title track and the song "Making Me Crazy". Kyla co-wrote the title track of their fifth studio album, Beautiful Days, which was released in 2006. They reunited with Mendaros on the single "Nasaan Ka Na", but also worked with new writers and producers for the project.
Kyla's next two releases—Heartfelt (2007) and Heart 2 Heart (2008)—were cover albums, both of which have since been certified platinum by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry. In 2010, they released their eighth studio album, Private Affair. The lead single, "Don't Tie Me Down", was co-written by Kyla with Jay R, Jimmy Martinez, Billy Crawford, and Kris Lawrence. The album included a remake of the Bee Gees's "How Deep Is Your Love" (2010). They released their debut EP, Journey, in May 2014. One of its tracks, "My Heart", was written by Brian McKnight for Kyla's wedding to basketball player Rich Alvarez in 2011, and was later re-recorded as a duet with McKnight. In December 2016, they signed with Star Music and released their ninth studio album, The Queen of R&B, two years later. They collaborated with other artists, including Yeng Constantino, Jay Durias, and Iñigo Pascual. They have contributed songs to soundtracks: "Even the Nights Are Better" for Since I Found You, "Mahal Ko O Mahal Ako" for Nasaan Ka Nang Kailangan Kita, and "Init sa Lamig" for The Broken Marriage Vow.
Songs
Notes
References
External links
Kyla
Stephen W Williams or Stephen Williams (1837–1899) was a civil engineer and architect who worked mainly in Radnorshire and Breconshire, Wales. They were a county surveyor of Radnorshire from 1864–1899. They had offices at Rhayader and lived at Penralley House, Rhayader, They became a noted authority on the archaeology of the Cistercian Monasteries in Wales and undertook excavations at Strata Florida Abbey in Ceredigion, Abbey Cwm Hir in Radnorshire and Strata Marcella near Welshpool in Montgomeryshire. They were appointed High Sheriff of Radnorshire in 1899.
Career
They were originally articled in 1852 to Samuel Bate of Trent Vale from November 1852 for five years. They were then employed as an engineer by a Mr Atkinson who was a sub-contractor to Benjamin Piercy and between 1858–1861 they were an engineer on the Vale of Clwyd Railway. They also worked as an assistant engineer on the Oswestry and Newtown Railway. It is suggested by Scourfield that Williams may have been responsible for the design of Welshpool railway station, which was completed in 1862.
In March 1861 they set up their own architectural practice in Rhayader. At this period they continued to undertake railway survey work in Wales and in parts of England In 1864 they were appointed county surveyor for Radnorshire. They were elected a FRIBA in 1886 and a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London (FSA) in 1890. They became company secretary and Surveyor for the Llandrindod Estate and Building Company. They were a man of wide interests and joined the 1st Herefordshire Rifle Volunteers in 1878. They set up the Rhayader Company of the Volunteers, with the rank of Captain and eventually they became Lieutenant Colonel in command of the entire battalion. In 1899 (the year of their death) they were the High Sheriff of Radnorshire.
Land surveying and civil engineering
Williams supplemented their salary of £100 a year as Radnorshire county surveyor by undertaking work as a land surveyor and estate agent. This included work on enclosure awards. One of the largest awards was the ''Swydd Neithon'', which enclosed the Llandrindod and Cefnllys commons and made available the land on which the new town of Llandrindod Wells was to be built. The contacts they made led to further work as a surveyor and agent with local estates. They surveyed the Gogerddan and Rhydoldog estates and was the agent for the Llysdinam estate where Francis Kilvert was a regular guest.
The Elan Valley Reservoirs
In 1892 the Birmingham Corporation Water Act was passed which gave the Birmingham City Council powers to compulsorily purchase land in the Elan Valley close to Rhayader, for the construction of dams for a water supply for the city. Birmingham Corporation had appointed the engineer, James Mansergh, to oversee the project but they needed someone to plan and build the workers' village. In October 1892 Williams was requested to value various estates by the Birmingham Town Clerk and in May 1893 they were appointed Elan Valley Estate Agent by the City Council. This involved the management of 45,000 acres of land and they were also involved in the delicate negotiations over land leases, dealing fairly and discreetly with local tenants, many of whom lost their lands as a result of building the reservoirs. In these matters they were to work closely with James Mansergh, who referred to them as 'our ubiquitous friend'
The Development of Llandrindod Wells
A major scheme in which Williams was involved was the planning and laying out of Llandrindod after the ''Swydd Neithon'' was enclosed in 1862. The development and layout of the town then proceeded in two parts. Lands owned by Richard Green Price was surveyed and laid out by Williams around Rock park, while the Pump House Estate to the east was laid out by Thomas Nicholson. Apart from William's designs for shops and houses, their work also included;
Town Hall, Temple Street
Station Crescent Terrace
Market Hall (later destroyed by fire)
Hotel Commodore. Originally built as the Rectory for Archdeacon de Winton in 1882-4. Multi-gabled and tile hung. Converted to a hotel in 1896
Interest in archaeology and the Cistercian Order
William's attended their first meeting of the Cambrian Archaeological Association at Welshpool in 1857 at the age of 20. They had fairly diverse interests which included Numismatics, arms and armour, the study of monumental effigies in churches and they contributed an article about Roman finds at Kenchester in Herefordshire. Shortly before their death in 1899, Williams, as High Sheriff of Radnorshire, was instrumental in holding a groundbreaking treasure trove proceedings on the hoard of late Iron Age or Roman gold bracelets and a ring that were found at Carreg Gwynion, Nantmel near Rhayader. The hoard was declared treasure trove and is now in the collections of the British Museum, but Williams at the time made a plea for the foundation of a National Museum for Wales., which could house such discoveries in future. It was the Cistercian Abbeys of Wales that were to become their main interest and they have been described as the 'father of Cistercian archaeology in Wales'
To assist them with their Excavations they employed their architectural assistant, Telfer Smith as clerk of Works and Worthington George Smith to act as an architectural draughtsman. Worthington Smith was both a distinguished botanical illustrator and a leading Palaeolithic archaeologist.
Strata Florida
Encouraged by the Cambrian Archaeological Association, Williams conducted two seasons of clearance and digging in 1887 and 1888, with a short season of excavation in 1890. The Cambrian Archaeological Society had taken Strata Florida Abbey into guardianship and wished to display it for the public. William's plans were the first accurate survey of the Abbey and in 1889 they published The Cistercian Abbey of Strata Florida: Its History, and an Account of the Recent Excavations Made on Its Site.. This was a history of the Abbey and description of the excavation, which set new standards for a publication about the Cistercians.
Abbey Cwmhir, Radnorshire
Williams published a history of this Cistercian Abbey in 1890 following the discovery of carved capitals while gardening by Mrs Philips, the owner of the Abbey. This led to a more detailed excavation of the nave the Abbey church, sponsored by the Society of Cymmrodorion in 1890, who were hoping the burial place of Llywelyn ap Gruffudd, Prince of Wales 1258–82.
Strata Marcella
Excavations carried out for the Powysland Club in 1890 and managed to recover much of the plan of the church of the Cistercian Abbey. The finds from the excavations are now in the Powysland Museum in Welshpool
Talley Abbey
Talley Abbey in Carmarthenshire was a Premonstratensian Abbey founded around 1185 by Rhys ap Gruffydd. Williams was invited by Sir James William Drummond to arrange an exploratory excavation in 1892. This led to a local committee being formed and excavations continued until 1894 on the site.
Architectural works by Stephen Williams include
Churches
All in Breconshire and Radnorshire
Aberedw Medieval church repaired by Williams in 1888, who added the S doorway and belfry lights.
Llandegley, Radnorshire. Williams added a chancel in 1874-6.
Llandewi Ystradenni, Radnorshire. Restored 1889–90.
Llanfihangel Rhydithon, Repairs by Williams1891.
Llanfigan, Breconshire. Church restored 1888–92.
Llanafan Fawr, Breconsire. Church re-built 1887-8
Llanhamlach, Breconshire. 1886-8. Williams added a new porch and re-ordered the interior.
Llanbadarn Fawr, Radnorshire. Re-built 1878-9.
Llanbadarn Fynydd, Radnorshire. Restored 1894-5
Llansantffraed, Breconshire. 1884-5.
Llanyre. Radnorshire. St Llyr. Rebuilt 1885-7.
Rhayader St Clement. Re-built by Williams in 1887 with rock dressed masonry.
Nantgwyllt, Radnorshire. Church built in 1898– 1900, to replace the church flooded by the Caban Coch reservoir in the Elan valley
Newbridge-on-Wye1883, Radnorshire. Built in 1883 and largely sponsored by the Venables family of Llysdinam.
Public Buildings
New Radnor Town Hall. Yellow brick. Enlarged1887.
Militia Stores, Presteigne
Presteigne Gaol- Re-modeling
Rhayader Workhouse. Now Brynarvon County Hotel, Radnorshire. 1877. Three storied range with eight bays; rock faced with the windows trimmed in yellow brick.
Rhayader Royal Lion Hotel. Alterations by Williams in 1894-6.
Rhayader Police Station. 1865. Attributed to both Stephen Williams and to T Nicholson
Schools
Christ College, Brecon. A Boarding House of 1889.
Builth Intermediate School (now High School), North Street, Breconshire. Tudor style of 1899.
Llanwrtyd Wells, former school, Breconshire.1867/79. Long stone faced gabled range with Gothic windows and polychrome brick surrounds.
Trefeglwys School, Montgomeryshire
Houses
Brynmoel. Abbey Cwmhir, Radnorshire. Former vicarage by Williams 1892. Red brick, four bays with hipped roof and tall chimney stacks.
Bryniago House, South Street, Rhayader. 1893. Built by Williams as their offices for the Elan Valley Reservoir scheme. Ground floor of rock faced rubble, with tile hanging above and a big timbered dormer.
Penralley House, South Street, Rhayader. William's own house. An 18th century house which they extended in 1876.
Cefnfaes Hall, Rhayader. Re-modeled by Williams c. 1875.
Rhydoldog, Rhayader. Re-modeled by Williams in 1884.
Brynwern Hall, Llanfihangel Bryn Paban, Breconshire. 1886. Built for Clifton Mogg. Neo-Elizabethan
Buckland Hall, Bwlch, Breconshire. 1896-8. Re-built 1896 after a fire. Sandstone with orange ashlar dressings.
Doldowlod, Llanwrthwl, Radnorshire. Williams provided plans in 1881 for a new carriageway and conservatory.
Llysdinam Hall. Breconshire. For the Venables Family. Originally built in 1829, but extended by Williams in 1871.
Glanbrydan Park. Carmarthenshire. Re-modeled and enlarged for the Richardson family 1885–86. Williams also built the coach house and stables.
Llwynbarried Hall, Nantmel, Radnorshire. Remodelled and much enlarged in 1886–89. Originally a 16th-century house. Bargeboarded gables and some tile hanging. Neo-Jacobean staircase.
Bridges
As County Surveyor Williams was responsible for at least six bridges. These include
Erwood
Newbridge-on-Wye1885, Radnorshire. The older cast iron toll bridge with lattice girders. Made at 'W Thomas Railway Works' in Llanidloes. Credits on cast plaque to W Clifton-Mogg and S. W. Williams, engineer
References
Publications by S W Williams
"The Cistercian Abbey of Strata Florida: Its History, and an Account of the Recent Excavations Made on Its Site." Whiting & Co., 1889, London
(with Jones M C), “Excavations on the ste of Strata Marcella Abbey”,'‘Montgomeryshire Collections'‘, Vol 25,,1891.
“The Cistererian Abbey of Cwmhir, Radnorshire”, Montgomeryshire Collections, Vol 24, 1890, 395–416.
“The Cistererian Abbey of Cwmhir, Radnorshire”, Transactions of the Hon. Society of Cymmrodorion, 1894-5.
“The Abbey of Cwmhir, Radnorshire”, ‘‘Archaeologia Cambrensis'' , 1897, 150–2
“The Cistererian Abbey of Cwmhir, Radnorshire”, Transactions of the Hon. Society of Cymmrodorion, 1894-5.
“Excavations at Talley Abbey”, ‘‘Archaeologia Cambrensis'' , 1897, 229–247.
Literature
Antonia Brodie (ed) ‘'Directory of British Architects, 1834–1914'': 2 Vols, British Architectural Library, Royal Institute of British Architects, 2001
R W D Fenn and J B Sinclair ‘‘Our Ubiquitous Friend” (The work of Stephen Williams),”Transactions of the Radnorshire Society” Vol 59,1989.
R Scourfield and R Haslam "The Buildings of Wales: Powys; Montgomeryshire, Radnorshire and Breconshire" Yale University Press 2013.
Williams, David Henry (1992). “ An Appreciation of Stephen William Williams, Montgomeryshire Collections, Vol 80, 55–94
Williams, David Henry (1995).”The Exploration and Excavation of Cistercian Sites in Wales”, Archaeologia Cambrensis, Vol 144, 1–25
Williams, David Henry (2001). The Welsh Cistercians: written to commemorate the centenary of the death of Stephen William Williams (1837–1899) (The father of Cistercian archaeology in Wales). Gracewing Publishing. p. 145. .
External links
An eminent Rhayader Victorian Stephen William Williams (1837–1899)
19th-century Welsh architects
Welsh civil engineers
Welsh archaeologists
Members of the Cambrian Archaeological Association
Architecture of Wales
High Sheriffs of Radnorshire
1837 births
1899 deaths
People from Montgomeryshire
Dobama Asiayone (, Dóbăma Ăsì-Ăyòun, meaning We Burmans Association, DAA), commonly known as the Thakhins ( sa.hkang, lit. Lords), was a Burmese nationalist group formed around the 1930s and composed of young, disgruntled intellectuals. Drawing their name from the way in which the British were addressed during colonial times, the party was established by Ba Thaung in May 1930, bringing together traditionalist Buddhist nationalist elements and fresh political ideals. It was significant in stirring up political consciousness in Burma, and drew most of its support base from students.
The party's song, Myanmar Kaba Ma Kyei ("Till The End of the World, Burma") also became the country's first national song and eventually its national anthem. Composed by Saya Tin (later known as "Thakhin Tin"), the song was a national symbol during the Japanese occupation of Burma and was adopted in 1948 upon the achievement of independence.
History
The DAA was established in 1930 in Rangoon after Burmese Indian dockworkers and their families were murdered by Bamars who believed that the Indians had taken jobs that rightfully belonged to them. The Dobama organisation was nationalist in nature, and supported Bamar supremacy. Its members used the Burmese word Thakhin ("master") as their honorific title rather than the standard U or Maung, as Thakhin was the word traditionally used to address the British. The slogan of the organisation was "Burma (Myanmar) is our country; Burmese literature is our literature; Burmese language is our language. Love our country, raise the standards of our literature, respect our language. Dobama Asiayone was keen assimilating ethnic minorities into Burman culture, and most of its activities stemmed from Rangoon University. Unlike former parties in Burma, the DAA was not reliant on support from foreign interests or Buddhist monks, and its establishment was a significant change in Burmese political history. Its founders rejected compromise with the British authorities, and formed its own paramilitary group, the Letyon Tat.
In 1935 the closely affiliated All-Burma Youth League merged into the DAA and its first conference was held in Shwebo. Following the second conference in Myingyan in 1936, the Thakhins decided to contest the 1936 elections under the name Komin Kochin Aphwe''' (One's own King, One's own Kind Party''). It put forward 28 candidates three of which were elected; Thakhin Mya in Tharrawaddy South, Thakhin Hla Tin in Henzada East and Thakhin Ant Gyi in Pakokku South.
Despite winning three seats, the Thakhin group temporarily became inactive until being resurrected in 1937 under the leadership of participants in the 1936 student strike, including Aung San and U Nu. This led to a split, with the older leaders being opposed to the left-wing leanings of the new leadership.
By the late 1930s, the Thakhins had risen through the ranks to emerge as a prominent nationalist group. To achieve its objectives, the group committed itself to the use violent means, such as strikes and force. In 1937, a Thakhin leader had surfaced: a young lawyer by the name of Aung San. In 1939, the Thakhins took over the Dobama Asiayone and brought about the collapse of the government of Ba Maw, then the premier of the country. In 1940 the Thakhins and Ba Maw's Poor Man's Party merged to form the Freedom Bloc, although the DAA founded the People's Revolutionary Party in secret.
In 1946 a new DAA was established by founding members Ba Sein and Tun Oke. Although it failed to achieve widespread support, Ba Sein and Tun Oke were both included in the Governor Reginald Dorman-Smith's Executive Council in 1946. The party continued to exist into the 1950s, but was not successful in elections.
Achievements
The Thakhins were credited for the formation of the Burma Independence Army. In 1940, a Japanese army officer, Colonel Suzuki Keiji, took thirty Thakhins including Aung San and Ne Win for military training at Japanese schools in Formosa (Taiwan) and Hainan. These thirty Thakhins, known as the Thirty Comrades, were the founding members of the Burma Independence Army, which would later number around 8000 men. When the Japanese invaded Burma in late 1941 and early 1942, the BIA marched with the Japanese to expel the British. On 1 August 1943, the Japanese granted Burma a kind of independence. The BIA was renamed the Burma National Army (BNA). Recognising that the Japanese had merely replaced the British rather than providing the independence they sought, in March 1945, the Burma National Army turned on the Japanese as the British Fourteenth Army advanced on Rangoon.
See also
Patriotic Association of Myanmar
References
External links
Thakins Encyclopedia of Modern Asia
Burma's Struggle for Democracy: The Army Against the People Josef Silverstein
Myanmar National Anthems
Nationalist movements of Myanmar
Defunct political parties in Myanmar
Political parties established in 1930
1930 establishments in Burma
Political parties disestablished in 1940
1940 disestablishments in Burma
Burma in World War II
Burmese words and phrases
Jack Rush (born February 3, 1966, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American non-fiction writer, screenwriter, and actor, who has appeared in tv shows, films, and stage plays since the early 1980s. Since then they have resided in Los Angeles, California, and coached and directed actors in a variety of media. Their most recent endeavor in aiding actors is a non-fiction work entitled The Actor's Rulebook: The Essential Guide to Your Acting Career, which has attracted thousands of viewers in communities such as myspace and other social networking websites.
It is believed that Jack Rush is the author's pseudonym, which has led to some speculation over their actual identity.
External links
The Official Website of The Actor's Rulebook
Jack Rush's Myspace Page
1966 births
Living people
Male actors from Philadelphia
American male screenwriters
Screenwriters from Pennsylvania
The Victorian Railways M class are a diesel-hydraulic powered railway shunting locomotive, based at the Newport workshops of the Victorian Railways in Victoria, Australia.
For a period of time the VR had been using old steam locomotives that were past their best to shunt at their Newport workshops, and decided to construct two small shunting locomotives for use at their workshop facilities.
Built by the Victorian Railways themselves, with a Diesel-hydraulic transmission powered by an EMD power unit, the two engines were given class M and the numbers were 231 and 232. After one trialled at Mildura, both worked their entire operational lives exclusively in the Newport Workshops compound. When introduced both wore red with a yellow stripe livery, but later changed to the traditional VR livery until they were withdrawn.
After withdrawal they both passed to Steamrail. One is operational and is used as the Steamrail shunter (M231) in the original red and yellow livery, but may soon change to VR blue and gold. The other (M232) is currently stored in the Steamrail compound at Newport Workshops West block, pending restoration to a serviceable condition.
Locomotives
References
Peter J. Vincent: M class
VICSIG M class
Vicrailways - M class
M class
Clyde Engineering locomotives
Bo-Bo locomotives
Broad gauge locomotives in Australia
Shunting locomotives
Cruciglanis is a genus of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Pseudopimelodidae. It contains a single recognized species, Cruciglanis pacifici.
Taxonomy
Cruciglanis pacifici was described with the genus Cruciglanis in 2006. The genus Cruciglanis has a sister group relationship to Batrochoglanis and Microglanis.
Distribution
The distribution of C. pacifici includes the San Cipriano River of the Dagua River basin, the Anchicayá, Aguaclara, and Danubio Rivers of the Anchicayá River basin, and western slope of the Pacific versant of the Valle del Cauca Department, Colombia.
Description
C. pacifici reaches about SL. These fish have small eyes, wide mouths, and three pairs of barbels. These fish have serrae on their dorsal and pectoral fin spines. Dorsal region of the head, lateral surface of body, and adipose fin are brown, and the ventral region cream (beige) with some brown spots. There are four dark brown vertical marks on sides.
Ecology
This species is found in riffles and runs of undisturbed clear and shallow rivers in strong current and on gravel to small stone substrates. C. pacifici generally shares its microhabitat with other species of fishes like Gobiesox sp., Chaetostoma marginatum, Cordilancistrus daguae, Astroblepus trifasciatus, and Trichomycterus taenia, as well as shrimps (Atya). The stomach contents have shown immature aquatic insects belonging to Trichoptera, Diptera, Ephemeroptera and Odonata, and terrestrial insects of the orders Hymenoptera and Coleoptera.
References
Pseudopimelodidae
Monotypic freshwater fish genera
Fish of South America
Freshwater fish of Colombia
Endemic fauna of Colombia
Catfish genera
Taxa named by Pablo Cesar Lehmann-Albornoz
Fish described in 2006
Damián Delgado starred in the critically acclaimed Mexican film, The Other Conquest and co-starred in John Sayles's film, Men With Guns. Their other movie credits include These Onions Don't Make Me Cry, A Corner of Paradise and Under a Spell. Born in Oaxaca, Mexico, Delgado has appeared frequently on television and in commercials. Delgado received a degree in Dramatic Literature and Theater from Mexico's Theater University Center, and they are also a dancer with extensive training in modern dance and classical ballet.
References
External links
Delgado, Damian
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Male actors from Oaxaca
The 2016–17 Hellenic Football League season was the 64th in the history of the Hellenic Football League, a football competition in England.
Premier Division
Premier Division featured 16 clubs which competed in the division last season, along with three new clubs:
Burnham, relegated from the Southern Football League
Carterton, promoted from Division One West
Henley Town, promoted from Division One East
League table
Promotion criteria
To be promoted at the end of the season a team must:
Have applied to be considered for promotion by the end of November
Pass a ground grading examination by the end of March
Finish the season in a position higher than that of any other team also achieving criteria 1 and 2
Finish the season in one of the top three positions
The following four teams have achieved criterion one:
Bracknell Town
Flackwell Heath
Thame United
Thatcham Town
Division One East
Division One East featured eleven clubs which competed in the division last season, along with three new clubs:
AFC Aldermaston, promoted from the Thames Valley Premier League
Sandhurst Town, transferred from the Combined Counties League
Wokingham & Emmbrook, relegated from the Premier Division
League table
Division One West
Division One West featured 13 clubs which competed in the division last season, along with three new clubs:
Abingdon United, relegated from the Premier Division
Milton United, relegated from the Premier Division
Woodstock Town, transferred from Division One East, with a change of name from Old Woodstock Town
League table
References
External links
Official Site
2016–17
9
LP Winner Motorsport is a Hungarian auto racing team based in Budapest, Hungary. The team was founded as and still races under the Botka Rally Team banner. The team competes in both track racing and rallying. The team has raced in the TCR International Series, since 2017. The team also takes part in multiple rallies and races in the ADAC TCR Germany Touring Car Championship.
ADAC TCR Germany Touring Car Championship
The team was announced as a part of the 44 car grid for the 2017 ADAC TCR Germany Touring Car Championship, where they will enter two Kia Cee'd TCRs for Balázs Fekete and István Bernula.
TCR International Series
Kia Cee'd TCR (2017–)
After having rallied for many seasons, the team entered the 2017 TCR International Series with István Bernula driving a Kia Cee'd TCR. Bernula qualified 20th and did not start Race 1 due to a technical problem, before finishing 16th in Race 2.
References
External links
Hungarian auto racing teams
TCR International Series teams
Auto racing teams established in 2011
The Appalachian State Mountaineers softball team represents Appalachian State University in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Sun Belt Conference. The Mountaineers are currently led by fifth-year head coach Shelly Hoerner. The team plays its home games at Sywassink/Lloyd Family Stadium located on the university's campus.
Year-by-year results
References:
References
Sun Belt Conference softball
Cycling has been contested at the Summer Paralympic Games since 1984. Australia first competed at the Seoul Games and won its first cycling medals at the Atlanta Games. Cycling is Australia's third most successful Paralympic medal sport behind athletics and swimming.
Leading medalists
As of the 2012 Games.
Summer Paralympic Games
1996
Australia won 5 gold and 5 silver medals.
2000
Australia won 10 gold, 3 silver and 8 bronze medals.
2004
Australia won 10 gold, 7 silver and 7 bronze medals.
2008
Australia won 3 gold, 5 silver and 7 bronze medals.
2012
Australia won 6 gold, 4 silver and 4 bronze medals.
See also
Australian Paralympic Cycling Team
Cycling at the Summer Paralympics
Australia at the Paralympics
External links
Cycling Australia's Paralympic Games
References
Paralympic cyclists of Australia
Cycling
Pesäpallo World Cup is an international tournament in pesäpallo that has been organised eight times so far: In Finland 1992, 1997, 2009 and 2017 in Australia in 2000 and 2012, in Sweden in 2003, in Germany 2006 , in Switzerland 2015 and in India 2019.
With additional to it, a new style of baseball was introduced in India in year 2007, now India has observed two styles of baseball: regular American based baseball and European based baseball which is also known as Pesapallo. Though it is an infrequent sport, people have come forward and recently a World Cup league was also played in India in year 2019. One of the emerging player's of the league is Saiesh Reddy of Hyderabad, India. Indians have shown passionate efforts in recent World Cup and striving to develop this game.
Women and mixed teams have been played in 1992 and again since year 2000.
Tournaments and medalists
Medal table
The points have been counted as follow: Gold = 3 points, silver = 2 points and bronze = 1 point.
External links
2006 World Cup official pages
2015 World Cup official pages
Ylen Elävä arkisto: Crushing superiority in the final of the Pesäpallo World Cup
Pesäpallo competitions
World cups
Recurring sporting events established in 1992
The following is a list of songs produced, co-produced and remixed by American hip hop record producer Ron Browz.
Singles produced
1998
"Ebonics" (Big L)
"Size 'Em Up" (Big L)
2003
"Blow It Out" (Ludacris)
2005
"I'll Whip Ya Head Boy" (50 Cent featuring Young Buck)
2006
"Help" (Lloyd Banks featuring Keri Hilson)
"Bring It Back" (Jae Millz featuring Jadakiss)
2008
"The Good Stuff" (Jim Jones featuring NOE)
"Pop Champagne" (Jim Jones and Ron Browz featuring Juelz Santana)
"Arab Money" (Busta Rhymes featuring Ron Browz)
"Jumping (Out the Window)" (Ron Browz)
2009
"Rotate" (C-N-N featuring Busta Rhymes & Ron Browz)
2010
"Man Down" (Ja Rule)
2014
"Park Day" (Zumo Kollie)
2000
Big L - The Big Picture
02. "Ebonics"
03. "Size 'Em Up"
07. "The Heist"
11. "Casualties of a Die Game"
2001
Nas - Stillmatic
02. "Ether"
2002
Fat Joe - Loyalty
13. "We Run This Shit"
Nas - God's Son
04. "Last Real Nigga Alive"
2003
Ludacris - Chicken-n-Beer
02. "Blow It Out"
18. "Blow It Out (Remix)" (featuring 50 Cent)
DMX - Grand Champ
10. "Fuck Y'all"
Lil' Kim - La Bella Mafia
17. "What's The Word" (Japanese Bonus Track)
2004
Snoop Dogg - R&G (Rhythm & Gangsta): The Masterpiece
14. "Oh No" (featuring 50 Cent)
Lloyd Banks - The Hunger for More
02. "Playboy"
2005
Black Market Militia - Black Market Militia
11. "Paintbrush" (featuring Young Buck)
50 Cent - Get Rich or Die Tryin' (soundtrack)
18. "I'll Whip Ya Head Boy" (featuring Young Buck)
Tony Yayo - Thoughts of a Predicate Felon
14. "G-Shit"
Funkmaster Flex - Car Show Tour
7. "Bring It Back" (featuring Jae Millz & Jadakiss)
Papoose - Menace II Society (Part 2)
11. "New Era"
2006
Joe Budden - Mood Muzik 2: Can It Get Any Worse?
03. "Old School Mouse"
10. "Young Niggaz"
Webstar - Webstar Presents: Caught in the Web
01. "I Just Came To Dance" (featuring Young B.)
02. "Don't Stop" (featuring Young B., Ron Browz, Severe and T. rex)
04. "In My Video" (featuring Young B.)
05. "Get Higher" (featuring Young B. & Young We)
Lloyd Banks - Rotten Apple
03. "Playboy 2"
07. "Help" (featuring Keri Hilson)
Oshy - Da Life of a Singer
10. "Give Me What I'm Asking 4"
Lil Wayne & Juelz Santana - Blow: The 'I Can't Feel My Face' Prequel
10. "Rewind"
2007
Lumidee - Unexpected
11. "You Got Me" (featuring N.O.R.E.)
Cashis - The County Hound EP
07. "Thoughts of Suicide"
Lake - American Rat Killer
02. "American Rat"
06. "No Happy Ending"
07. "My Hood"
Ron Browz, Kartier, & The Heatmakerz - This Is Crack Music
07. "Go Girl"
08. "Like That"
13. "Wishing On A Star"
Jae Millz - Zone Out Season V. 1
18. "Horror Movie" (featuring Al Doe & Remy Ma)
Remy Ma - PunishHer
00. "Fresh"
2008
Ron Browz - The Wonder Years
01. "The Co-Sign" (Performed by Jadakiss & Gravy)
02. "Shoot Me A Fair One" (Performed by Papoose)
03. "Old School Mouse" (Performed by Joe Budden)
04. "I'm Hollywood" (Performed by Ron Browz)
05. "Horror" (Performed by Jae Millz)
06. "What They Want" (Performed by Stack Bundles)
07. "Nah" (Performed by J-Hood)
08. "Drama" (Performed by Loaded Lux)
09. "Young Niggaz" (Performed by Joe Budden)
10. "Streets" (Performed by Ransom & Dj Clue)
11. "Da Goons" (Performed by Traffik)
12. "Act Stupid" (Performed by Ransom, Stack Bundles & Bynoe)
13. "Ride Out" (Performed by Skyzoo)
14. "Don't Move" (Performed by Murda Mook, Stack Bundles & T. rex)
15. "This Is It" (Performed by Harlem's Cash)
16. "Crack Music" (Performed by Arsonist, Ron Browz & Karty)
17. "Skates On" (Performed by Ron Browz)
18. "The Can't Wait" (Performed by Shakez & Cardi)
19. "What's Flow" (Performed by Ron Browz)
G-Unit - T.O.S: Terminate on Sight
01. "Straight Outta Southside"
16. "Money Makes the World Go Round"
Team Blackout - Lights Out
12. J5 On 'Em
Killer Mike - Ghetto Extraordinary
08. Chose Me (featuring S.L. Jones & Scar)
Jim Jones - The Good Stuff - Single
00. "The Good Stuff" (featuring NOE)
2009
C-N-N - Channel 10
03. "Rotate" (featuring Ron Browz & Busta Rhymes)
Jim Jones - Pray IV Reign
04. "How to Be a Boss" (featuring Ludacris & NOE)
14. "Pop Champagne" (with Ron Browz featuring Juelz Santana)
15. "Rain" (featuring Rell, NOE & Starr)
Bow Wow - New Jack City II
02. "What They Call Me" (featuring Ron Browz & Nelly) (Co-produced by Jermaine Dupri)
Lloyd Banks - 4-30-09
05. "Luv Witch Ya Boy" (featuring Ron Browz)
Busta Rhymes - Back on My B.S.
02. "Give Em What They Askin For"
07. "Arab Money" (featuring Ron Browz)
R. Kelly - The Demo Tape
03. "Club to a Bedroom" (featuring Ron Browz)
Nicki Minaj - Beam Me Up Scotty
02. "I Get Crazy" (featuring Lil Wayne)
04. "Kill Da DJ"
Fat Joe - Jealous Ones Still Envy 2 (J.O.S.E. 2)
01. "Winding On Me" (featuring Ron Browz & Lil Wayne)
2010
Ron Browz - EtherBoy (shelved)
00. "Pop Champagne"
00. "Jumping (Out the Window)"
00. "I Promise" (featuring Busta Rhymes)
00. "Simple Man" (featuring Keri Hilson & Juelz Santana)
00. "20 Dollarz"
00. "Wheels Fall Off" (featuring Lloyd Banks)
00. "She's What I Like" (featuring Bobby Valentino)
00. "She's My Homie" (featuring Oshy)
00. "Got Curved"
00. "Undress You"
00. "20 Dollars (Remix) (featuring Mase, Nicki Minaj, Shawty Lo & OJ Da Juiceman)
00. "Cheese and Crackers"
00. "She's A Biker" (featuring Foxy Brown)
Ron Browz - Etherlibrium
01. "Etherlibrium Intro" (featuring Oshy)
02. "Wishing On a Star" (featuring Maino, Fred Da God & Malaika Russel)
03. "In a Zone"
04. "Don't Breathe It"
05. "What Up Bro Remix" (featuring Red Cafe)
06. "Good Morning" (featuring J.R. Writer)
07. "You Can Blossom"
08. "Put ya Hands Up"
09. "Winded"
10. Skit
11. "Slow Motion"
12. "Start Off Walking"
13. "Halftime 2010"
14. "Wanna Be You"
15. "I Swear" (featuring Sharp A Don)
16. "Etherboy Allstars" (featuring Pretty Boy Maloy, Mone & M5)
2013
Papoose - The Nacirema Dream
03. "Mother Ghetto"
17. "Get At Me" (featuring Ron Browz)
2014
Mani Miles - TBA
00. "Bars" (featuring Cassidy & Murda Mook)
2015
Papoose - You Can't Stop Destiny
01. "The Bank"
05. "Michael Jackson" (featuring Remy Ma & Ty Dolla $ign)
Method Man - The Meth Lab
03. "Straight Gutta" (featuring Redman, Hanz On & Streetlife)
2016
Smoke DZA - George Kush Da Button (Don't Pass Trump the Blunt)
04. "Where the Weed"
Upcoming
Ja Rule - Renaissance Project
04. "Man Down"
Miscellaneous
Amerie
"After Everything"
Bradhurst
"What Your Man Don't Know" (featuring Ron Browz)
Cardan
"Heading To The Telly" (featuring Ron Browz)
Jae Millz
"Who"
Juelz Santana
"I Wanna Bone" (featuring Un Kasa & Sen City)
Knocka
"Heavy in The Club" (featuring Ron Browz & Young Truth)
"Say They're Ballin'" (featuring Ron Browz & Nefu Da Don)
Mase
"Thinkin About You"
Q Da Kid
"I Talk Money" (featuring Ron Browz)
SF
"Sak Pase" (featuring Ron Browz)
Traffik
"Goonz"
References
External links
Production discographies
Hip hop discographies
Discographies of American artists
XHZC-FM is a radio station on 97.1 FM in Río Grande, Zacatecas, known as La Grande de Río Grande.
History
XEZC-AM 1360 in Concepción del Oro received its concession in 1962. It was owned by Saltillo radio and television entrepreneur Alberto Jaubert and broadcast with 250 watts. By the end of the 1960s, XEZC had moved to Río Grande on 1450 kHz. After its 1972 acquisition by Radiodifusoras de Zacatecas, the 1980s saw XEZC move to 810 kHz with 1,000 watts day and 125 at night, later boosted to 1,000.
XEZC was cleared to move to FM in February 2011.
References
Radio stations in Zacatecas
Radio stations established in 1962
Worship & Faith is the fifteenth studio album released in 2003 by American country music artist Randy Travis. It is the third gospel music album of their career, as well as their third release on Word Records. The album is composed of twenty covers of traditional gospel tunes. It was recorded live in concert at the Orlando Calvary Assembly of God in Orlando, Florida, in July 2003. Worship & Faith is certified gold by the RIAA, although its only single, "Above All", failed to chart.
Track listing
"He's My Rock, My Sword, My Shield" (Traditional) – 2:30
"Farther Along" (J.R. Baxter, W.B. Stevens) – 3:39
"How Great Thou Art" (Stuart K. Hine) – 4:29
"Just a Closer Walk with Thee" (Traditional) – 4:37
"Shall We Gather at the River?" (Robert Lowry) – 3:16
"You Are Worthy of My Praise" (David Ruis) – 4:18
"Love Lifted Me" (James Rowe, Howard Smith) – 3:11
"Softly and Tenderly" (Will L. Thompson) – 3:19
"Sweet By and By" (Sanford Filmore Bennett, Joseph Philbrock Webster) – 2:27
"Blessed Assurance" (Fanny J. Crosby, Phoebe Knapp) – 3:28
"I'll Fly Away" (Albert E. Brumley) – 2:59
"Turn Your Radio On" (Brumley) – 2:37
"Open the Eyes of My Heart" (Paul Baloche) – 3:55
"In the Garden" (C. Austin Miles) – 3:21
"Above All" (Baloche, Lenny LeBlanc) – 4:14
"Will the Circle Be Unbroken?" (Charles Gabriel, Ada R. Habershon) – 3:08
"We Fall Down" (Chris Tomlin) – 3:40
"Peace in the Valley" (Rev. Thomas A. Dorsey) – 3:58
"The Unclouded Day" (Josiah K. Alwood) – 2:56
"Room at the Cross for You" (Ira Stanphill) – 1:30
Personnel
John Anderson – background vocals
David Angell – violin
Larry Beaird – acoustic guitar
Dennis Crouch – upright bass
Eric Darken – percussion, handclapping
David Davidson – violin
Billy Davis – background vocals
Chip Davis – background vocals
Nirva Dorsaint – soprano vocals
Jerry Douglas – dobro
Craig Duncan – Hammer Dulcimer
Jason Eskridge – tenor vocals
Typharee Fitzgerald – alto vocals
Larry Franklin – fiddle
Paul Franklin – pedabro
Pastor Matthew Hagee – background vocals
Sandra Hagee – background vocals
Tony Harrell – accordion, harmonium
Don Hart – string arrangements
Wes Hightower – background vocals
Sharese "Reecy" Jackson – alto vocals
Kirk "Jelly Roll" Johnson – harmonica
Christina Ketterling – background vocals
Anthony LaMarchina – cello
Mark Lusk – acoustic guitar
Liana Manis – background vocals
Paige Lackey Martin – soprano vocals
Brent Mason – acoustic guitar, gut string guitar, soloist
Cynthia Matthews – alto vocals
John Mock – bodhrán, concertina, tin whistle
Krystle Ochsner – soprano vocals
Mac Powell – background vocals
Shannon Sanders – choir arrangements, tenor vocals
Bryan Sutton – banjo, acoustic guitar, mandolin
Randy Travis – lead vocals
Craig Watkins – tenor vocals
Joy Lynn White – background vocals
Kristin Wilkinson – viola
Casey Wood – handclapping
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2003 albums
Randy Travis albums
Word Records albums
Albums produced by Kyle Lehning
Orthetrum balteatum is a freshwater dragonfly species in the family Libellulidae,
present in northern Australia and New Guinea.
The common name for this species is speckled skimmer.
Orthetrum balteatum is a medium-sized, black dragonfly with yellow markings. The sides of its body are dark,
and it has clear wings without any coloured markings.
Gallery
See also
List of Odonata species of Australia
References
Libellulidae
Odonata of Australia
Insects of New Guinea
Taxa named by Maurits Anne Lieftinck
Insects described in 1933
The Cambridge Illustrated History Of The Middle Ages is a three-volume work which was first written in French by Robert Fossier and published in 1982 as Le Moyen Age. It was revised and translated for the Cambridge University Press by translators including Stuart Airlie, Robyn Marsack and Janet Sondheimer.
See also
The Cambridge Medieval History
The New Cambridge Medieval History
The Oxford Illustrated History of Medieval Europe
References
Cambridge University Press books
Historiography of Europe
BB Doradus or BB Dor is a cataclysmic variable, a pre-nova star, thus a close pair binary star system. It is composed of a red dwarf and a white dwarf. Observations of the white dwarf's faint but certain accretion disk are consistent with it being at ~10° inclination (to the line of sight from the Earth).
Its parallax (movement against background stars due to the earth's orbit around the Sun) given by the Gaia space observatory's second data release puts the pair at about 3,000 light years away.
References
Cataclysmic variable stars
Dorado (constellation)
Doradus, BB
Songs from the Attic is Brooke White's first studio album, released before White's appearance on the seventh season of American Idol. It was released in late 2005 under the independent label New Millennium Records Group.
The title "Songs from the Attic" was chosen because it was written and recorded in the attic (turned recording studio) of music producer Tim Simms' house in Hollywood, California.
The album was re-released to retail stores in July 2008, while White was on tour with American Idol.
Information
Songs from the Attic has had 14,657 digital downloads and 2,894 hard copy sales since its re-release after their elimination, total records sales reaching about 22,000 since its first release. Despite this, the album did not enter official album charts like the Billboard 200 due to Billboard's policy and eligibility requirements for an album to 'chart'. Since then the album has garnered more than 50,000 downloads.
Songs
The song "Come to My Rescue" was the first song White ever played for Tim Simms, and it was with this song that Simms "knew he'd found something special. It was just like...when the hairs on the back of your neck go up." Their goal was to keep the album "organic." Along with the songs co-written by Simms, White, and Robin Randall, the album has two covers: "Dream On", originally by Aerosmith, and "Yellow", originally by Coldplay.
The song "Free" was shot as an indie music video. It was directed by Braden Barty and produced by Tim Simms. In the video, White playfully acts out their story as a beauty school dropout who moves to Hollywood to pursue a singing career. The video helped their place 2nd in a radio contest in Hollywood, California.
Track listing
References
External links
Album Site
2005 debut albums
Brooke White albums
Robiquetia gracilistipes, commonly known as the large pouched orchid, is an epiphytic or lithophytic orchid from the family Orchidaceae that forms large, hanging, straggly clumps. It has long, thick, roots, a single stem, many thick, leathery leaves and up to forty cream-coloured, pale green or brownish flowers with red spots and a three-lobed labellum. It grows on trees and rocks in rainforest, usually in bright light. It is found in Malesia including New Guinea, the Solomon Islands and tropical North Queensland, Australia.
Description
Robiquetia gracilistipes is an epiphytic or lithophytic herb that forms large, straggly hanging clumps. It has thick roots and a pendulous stem, long and about thick. There are many thick, leathery leaves long and wide. Between ten and forty resupinate, cup-shaped, cream-coloured, pale green or brownish flowers with red spots are crowded on a pendulous flowering stem long. The flowers are long, and are fragrant. The sepals and petals are fleshy, oblong to egg-shaped, long and about wide. The labellum is yellow, about long and wide with three lobes. The middle lobe is fleshy, about long with a downturned spur about long. Flowering occurs from March to May.
Taxonomy and naming
The large pouched orchid was first formally described in 1905 by Rudolf Schlechter who gave it the name Saccolabium gracilistipes and published the description in Die Flora der Deutschen Schutzgebiete in der Sudsee und Nachtrage. In 1912 Johannes Jacobus Smith changed the name to Robiquetia gracilistipes. The specific epithet (gracilistipes) is derived from the Latin word gracilis meaning "slender" or "thin" and stipes meaning "stock", "stem" or "trunk".
Distribution and habitat
The large pouched orchid grows on trees and rocks in rainforest, usually in strong light. It occurs in Malesia, including New Guinea, the Solomon Islands and Queensland, Australia where it is found from the Iron Range to Ingham.
References
grcilistipes
Epiphytic orchids
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of Queensland
Orchids of New Guinea
Plants described in 1905
Hawaiian narrative or mythology, tells stories of nature and life. It is considered a variant of a more general Polynesian narrative, developing its own unique character for several centuries before about 1800. It is associated with the Hawaiian religion. The religion was officially suppressed in the 19th century, but kept alive by some practitioners to the modern day.
Prominent figures and terms in Hawaiian mythology
Aumakua - spirit of an ancestor or family god
ʻElepaio - monarch flycatcher
Kanehekili - god of thunder
Haumea - goddess of birth
Hiʻiaka - sister of Pele, daughter of Haumea & Kāne
Hina - goddess of Moon
Kahai - Demigod of thunder and lightning
Kahōālii - god of underworld
Kalamainuʻu - lizard goddess
Kamapuaʻa - warlike god of wild boars, husband of Pele
Kāmohoalii - shark god
Kanaloa - complementary power of Kāne, god of the oceans, consequently the ruler of the Mana.
Kāne - highest of the four major Hawaiian deities, The chief of the Hawaiian trinity, which also consists of their brothers Lono and Ku. In contrast to Lono being the deity of cultivated foods, Kane was the god of wild foods and plants like trees, etc. They were also the god of the forests and jungles with all their gifts like wood, medicinal plants and leaves, etc.
Kapo
Kapu - the ancient code of conduct of laws and regulations
Kapua
Kaulu - killer of Haumea
Kihawahine - lizard woman
Kinilau
Kū - god of war
Kumulipo - ancient chant of creation
Kuula - god of fishermen
Laka - goddess of hula & fertility/reproducation, love and beauty, wife of god Lono
Lohiʻau - chief of Kaua'i
Lono - god of agriculture, peace
Mana - impersonal force
Māui - ancient hero and chief, demigod, shape shifter
Menehune
Nāmaka - sea goddess and sister of Pele
Nuakea - goddess of milk
Nightmarchers
Nuu - Hawaiian Noah
Papa - Goddess of Nature
Paʻao
Pakaʻa - god of the wind, gatekeeper of underworld, wife of Kaiwa, Mother of Kaha'i
Paliuli
Papahānaumoku
Pele - goddess of fire and volcanoes
Poliʻahu - goddesses of snow
Ukupanipo - another shark god
Wahieloa
Waka - lizard goddess
Wākea - Sky father father of islands
See also
Folklore in Hawaii
Ghosts in Polynesian culture
Hawaiian religion
Māori mythology
Polynesian mythology
Samoan mythology
External links
, Ed. Thomas G. Thrum
Hawaiian Mythology by Martha Beckwith
Hawaiiana
Lists of deities
figures in the Hawaiian religion
Dominique Le Dissès (born Laval on 29 August 1957 at Urzy) is a former French athlete, who specialized in the 400 meters hurdles.
Biography
They won five French championship titles for the 400m hurdles in 1979, 1980, 1981, 1983 and 1984.
Prize list
French Championships in Athletics :
5 times winner of the 400m hurdles in 1979, 1980, 1981, 1983 and 1984.
Records
Notes and references
Docathlé2003, Fédération française d'athlétisme, 2003, p. 414
1957 births
Living people
French female hurdlers
Georges John Kipouros is a Greek Canadian materials engineer, university professor, and former dean of the University of Saskatchewan College of Engineering. They presently serve as adjunct professor at the Faculty of Engineering of both Dalhousie University and University of Waterloo.  They are the winner of the 20th Canadian Metal Chemistry Award, and is known as an ambassador for the engineering profession in Canada. At Dalhousie University they served as the vice chair of the Senate, assistant dean of the Faculty of Engineering, director of the Minerals Engineering Centre and head of the Mining and Metallurgical Engineering Department.  They are known for their contributions to the processing of aluminum, magnesium, rare earth metals and molten salts, as well as the analysis of corrosion in additive manufacturing. In addition they are known as a major expert in powder metallurgy.  They are the inventor of a technique for measuring metal corrosion in active pipelines, allowing for early detection of problem areas. At General Motors, they integrated the recovery and recycling of reactants into the production of neodymium from its oxide, rendering the process more cost-effective. They also led the technology transfer from laboratory research to plant production.
They received a Diploma of Engineering from the National Technical University of Athens, as well as a Master of Applied Science and Ph.D. from the University of Toronto. From 1982-1985 they served as a postdoctoral fellow at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with Donald Sadoway. They have been a visiting professor at the University of Tokyo, Kyoto University, University of Patras, University of Trondheim and Tohoku University.
For their contributions to scholarship, Kipouros has been elected a Fellow of the Canadian Academy of Engineering, the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum and the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science. In 2009 they were awarded the title of Distinguished Lecturer by CIM. They have served as an advisor to the Canadian International Development Agency, the NATO Science for Peace and Security programme, and Mehran University of Engineering and Technology.
References
External links
CAE Directory of Fellows
Canadian engineers
Greek engineers
Dalhousie University faculty
University of Waterloo faculty
National Technical University of Athens alumni
University of Toronto alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Wayne Cheesman is a Canadian former ice hockey left winger. They were drafted 4th overall by the Minnesota North Stars in the 1967 NHL Amateur Draft but never played in the National Hockey League, or indeed professionally at all.
After their playing career ended, Cheesman had a spell as head coach of the Markham Waxers.
External links
Profile at hockeydraftcentral.com
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Living people
Minnesota North Stars draft picks
National Hockey League first round draft picks
Oshawa Generals players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Colcom may refer to:
Colcom Foods, a meat-processing company in Zimbabwe
Colcom Foundation, a charitable organization in the United States
Vârtoape is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Gărăgău, Vârtoapele de Jos and Vârtoapele de Sus (the commune center).
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Michael Kay is an English singer, songwriter, and record producer who scored a solo UK hit record with their song "Missing You", released by Sony Music Entertainment.  They are known also for their songwriting and development work with the American singer Pink, and their writing for many other artists including Javine Hylton, Célena Cherry of the Honeyz and Hollywood actor Karen David.
Kay wrote and produced the song "Together as One" performed by Preeya Kalidas for the movie Bollywood Queen, starring Preeya Kalidas and James McAvoy.
References
External links
Michael Kay – Missing You on Discogs
"Bollywood Queen" review
K2 Music Group
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
English male singer-songwriters
Gul Muhammad Khan Jakhrani is a Pakistani politician who was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-210 (Kashmore) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 82,189 votes and defeated Asghar Ali Khan Bijarani, a candidate of Jamiat Ulama-e-Islam (S) (JUI-S).
 They are currently Coordinator Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) district Badin Sindh and District President Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) Kashmore District Kashmore, Sindh
They remained Advisor to Chief Minister, Sindh for Prisons Department.
2. Federal Parliamentary Secretary for Defence Production and
3. Federal Parliamentary Secretary for Education from 2008 to 2013 in Pakistan Peoples Party Government.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
Dirk is a male given name of Dutch origin. It is a traditional diminutive of the Low Franconian: Diederik/Dideric. The meaning of the name is "the people's ruler", composed of þeud ("people") and ric ("power"). Dirk may also be a surname.
It may refer to:
People with the given name
Dirk I, Count of Holland (died 944)
Dirk II, Count of Holland (944–988)
Dirk III, Count of Holland (died 1039)
Dirk IV, Count of Holland (1020–1049)
Dirk V, Count of Holland (1052–1091)
Dirk VI, Count of Holland (1114–1157)
Dirk VII, Count of Holland (died 1203)
Dirk Bach (1961–2012), German actor
Dirk Bauermann (born 1957), German basketball coach
Dirk Benedict (born 1945), American actor
Dirk Bikkembergs (born 1959), Belgian fashion designer
Dirk Blocker (born 1957), American actor
Dirk Bolt (1930–2020), Dutch-born architect
Dirk Bootsma (1936–2020), Dutch geneticist
Dirk Brouwer (1902–1966), American astronomer
Dirk Brossé (born 1960), Belgian composer
Dirk Bruinenberg (born 1968), Dutch musician
Dirk Coster (1889–1950), Dutch physicist
Dirk Crabeth (1501–1574), Dutch artist
Dirk Cussler (born 1961), American writer
Dirk Dirksen (1937–2006), American music promoter
Dirk Elbers (born 1959), German politician
Dirk Fock (1858–1941), Dutch politician
Dirk Frimout (born 1941), Belgian astronaut and astrophysicist
Dirk Gates (born 1961), American business person
Dirk Geukens (1963–2020), Belgian motocross racer
Dirk Hartog (1580–1621), Dutch sailor and explorer
Dirk Hayhurst (born 1981), American author
Dirk Jan de Geer (1870–1960), Dutch politician and prime minister
Dirk Jan Struik (1894–2000), Dutch mathematician and historian
Dirk Johnson (born 1975), American football player
Dirk Kemp (born 1913), South African football player
Dirk Kempthorne (born 1951), American politician
Dirk Koetter (born 1959), American football coach
Dirk Kuyt (born 1980), Dutch football player
Dirk Mädrich (born 1983), German basketball player
Dirk Mudge (1928–2020), Namibian politician
Dirk Müller (artist) (born 1946), Dutch sculptor
Dirk Müller (cyclist) (born 1973), German cyclist
Dirk Müller (racing driver) (born 1975), German race car driver
Dirk Nannes (born 1976), Australian cricket player
Dirk Niebel (born 1963), German politician
Dirk Nowitzki (born 1978), German basketball player
Dirk Polder (1919–2001), Dutch physicist
Dirk Schlächter (born 1965), German bassist
Dirk Stikker (1897–1979), Dutch politician and diplomat
Dirk Stoop (1615–1686), Dutch painter
Dirk Valkenburg (1675–1721), Dutch painter
Dirk van Erp (1860–1933), American coppersmith
Dirk van Braeckel (born 1958), Belgian car designer
Dirk de Waard (1919–2011), Dutch-born American geologist
Dirk Willems (died 1569), Dutch Anabaptist martyr and pacifist
Dirk Wilutzky (born 1965), German filmmaker
People with the nickname
Dirk Bogarde (1921–1999), stage name of British actor Derek van den Bogaerde
Stewart "Dirk" Fischer (1924–2013), American composer and musician
Richard Dirk Gringhuis (1918–1974), American artist and illustrator
Derrick Dirk Meyer (born 1961), American business person
Gerald Dirk West (1930–1996), American editorial cartoonist and journalist
Dirk from Veristablium, nickname of Derek Muller
People with the surname
Robert Dirk (born 1966), Canadian ice hockey player
Other uses
Fictional characters with the name
Dirk the Daring, the main character in the video game Dragon's Lair
Dirk Dagger (also known as Dirk Spanner), the main character in the video game Dirk Dagger and the Fallen Idol
Dirk Diggler, the main character in Boogie Nights played by Mark Wahlberg
Dirk Gently, the main character in Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency by Douglas Adams
Dirk McQuickly, the equivalent of Paul McCartney in The Beatles parody band The Rutles
Dirk Pitt, the main character in novels by Clive Cussler
Dirk Strider, a character from the webcomic Homestuck
Dirk Struan, the main character in James Clavell's 1966 novel Tai-Pan
Dirk (Bizaardvark character), a main character on Disney Channel's Bizaardvark
See also
Dirck, given name
Dirks (surname)
Dutch masculine given names
English masculine given names
German masculine given names
Irish masculine given names
Scottish masculine given names
Lists of people by nickname
Senator McClain may refer to:
David H. McClain (born 1933), Florida State Senate
Edward McClain (Alabama politician) (born 1940), Alabama State Senate
See also
Senator McLane (disambiguation)
The RFU Championship is an English rugby union competition comprising twelve clubs. It is the second level of men's English rugby and is played by both professional and semi-professional players. The competition has existed since 1987, when English clubs were first organised into leagues.
Organisation and format
The Championship is governed by the Rugby Football Union (RFU). The current competition format is a double round-robin tournament, where teams play each other home and away. The 2021-22 season had no playoff phase, and no team was promoted to the Premiership as no team met the minimum standards criteria.
Current teams
Current league table
History
Precursor competitions (1987–2009)
The governing body for rugby union in England, the RFU, first allowed league hierarchies in 1987. This came nearly a century after leagues were first established in football and cricket, England's other two principal team sports.
The RFU's reluctance to allow leagues was based on a perceived threat to the sport's amateurism regulations: competitive leagues were seen as making clubs more likely to use incentives to attract and retain the best players.
When formalised leagues were finally permitted in the 1987-88 season, the second level was known as 'Courage League National Division Two'. The league has since had several different names before becoming the RFU Championship in the 2009-10 season.
Origins (2008)
In November 2008, the Rugby Football Union (RFU) published a plan for a new professional tier below the Premiership. The 12-team Championship replaced the 16-team National Division One.
To enable Level 2 to transition from 16 teams to 12, the RFU proposal called for five teams to be relegated at the end of the 2008–09 season. The relegated teams would play in the third level of rugby, known as ‘National Division 2' in 2008–09 and to be known as ‘National League 1' in 2009–10.
Additionally, one team would be relegated from the Premiership (Level 1 to Level 2), one team would be promoted to the Premiership (Level 2 to Level 1), and one team would be promoted from National Division 2 (Level 3 to Level 2).
The RFU Council voted overwhelmingly in favour of the new proposal, and the first Championship season started the following year, in 2009.
RFU Championship (2009–present)
Promotion to the Premiership
Automatic promotion to the Premiership has not been a consistent feature of the RFU Championship. A playoff tournament was used to decide promotion between the 2009–10 and 2016–17 seasons, as well as in the 2020–21 season.
In seasons without a promotion playoff (2017–18, 2018–19, 2019–20), the team at the top of the league was automatically promoted to the Premiership.
The RFU plans to reintroduce possible promotion at the end of the 2023–24 season, by means of a play-off between the top placed team in the Championship and the bottom placed side in the Premiership.
COVID-19
The COVID-19 pandemic caused the 2019–20 season to be prematurely ended. Final standings were based on a "best playing record formula" and promotion and relegation remained for the 1st and 12th placed clubs respectively.
The 2020–21 season was impacted by the above mentioned pandemic and as a consequence a shorter season kicked off in spring 2021. The reduced season saw each team play each other once only with the top two teams entering a two-legged promotion playoff. There was no relegation due to cancellation of National League 1.
In February 2021 a moratorium on relegation from the Premiership into the Championship was approved and it was confirmed that the RFU were working on a review of the minimum standards criteria for promotion and the league structure from 2021–22. The moratorium was extended for a further two years in June 2021 and also could include promotion from the Championship at the end of the 2022–23 season if there was promotion in the previous season. There was also no relegation from the Championship in 2021–22.
Competition funding
The RFU Championship clubs were in dispute with the RFU over funding for the competition and claimed that each club was owed £77,000 for the past three seasons, and will be owed a further £120,000 over the next four seasons. The clubs believed they should have received £295,000 in 2009–10, rising to £400,000 by 2015–16 and further believe there was a breach of contract on the part of the RFU. The RFU stated that the original funding was an estimate and by 2015–16 the figure will be £359,400. When the RFU announced the hiatus of promotion play-offs, it also announced funding increases from both itself and the Premiership, including a new system which ties some of the new funding to each Championship side's performance in the league season. The extra funding provided prior to 2016–17 was removed prior to the 2020–21 season.
Sponsorship
For sponsorship reasons, the competition was officially known as the Greene King IPA Championship between the 2013–14 and 2020–21 seasons.
Historic results
Courage League National Division Two (1987–1997)
1980s
1990s
Allied Dunbar Premiership Two (1997–2000)
1990s
National Division One (2000–2009)
2000s
RFU Championship (2009–)
2000s
2010s
2020s
See also
Rugby union in England
Premiership Rugby
List of English rugby union teams
Notes
References
External links
Official site
RFU
BBC Sport
2
Rugby Union
Recurring sporting events established in 1987
Sport leagues established in 1987
1987 establishments in England
England
Professional sports leagues in the United Kingdom
The Pattom A. Thanu Pillai ministry was a Kerala government ministry formed on 22 February 1960 and lasted till 26 September 1962.
Background
After E M S Namboothiripad Government was dismissed, Kerala was under President rule. Elections were held to the legislative assembly on 1 February 1960.
Indian National Congress became the largest party with 63 seats in the assembly after the elections. Communists became the second largest party 26 seats and Praja Socialist Party (PSP) got 20 seats. Congress and PSP formed a coalition government, with Pattom A Thanu Pillai of PSP as the Chief Minister, and R Sankar from Congress as the Deputy Chief Minister. Even though PSP was a junior partner in the coalition, Pattam was chosen as the Chief Minister because the congress leader R Sankar was from Ezhava caste which the Nair Service Society, the main supporters of Congress, disapproved of. Pattam previously held the posts of Prime Minister in the erstwhile Travancore state, and later the Chief Minister of Travancore-Cochin state.
Pattam resigned on 26 September 1962 when they were posted as the Governor of Punjab. This paved the way for the first Congress chief minister in Kerala under R. Sankar.
Council of Ministers
See also
List of chief ministers of Kerala
Kerala Council of Ministers
1960 Kerala Legislative Assembly election
References
http://www.niyamasabha.org/codes/Ministers%20Book%20Final.pdf
Kerala ministries
1960 establishments in Kerala
1962 disestablishments in India
Cabinets established in 1960
Cabinets disestablished in 1962
Electrapate martynovi is an extinct species of beetles in the family Schizopodidae, the only species in the genus Electrapate.
References
Schizopodidae
†
†
Herbert Holt (1 June 1909 – 22 February 2002) was an English professional snooker player.
Career
Herbert Holt was born on 1 June 1909 in Simonstone, Lancashire. Their father was Willie Holt, a professional billiards player and manufacturer who invented "rail " that largely replaced the "bag" style of pockets.
Holt played in the qualifying for the 1938 World Snooker Championship, beating Charles Read 21-10 before losing 8–23 to Fred Davis. They entered the World Championship several times after that, lastly in 1950, but never progressed beyond the quarter-finals.
They were a body double for Laurence Olivier in Sleuth and for Roger Moore in The Persuaders. They set up a billiard table and cue sorts equipment business in the 1930s and sold billiard tables to celebrities including Michael Caine, John Lennon and Tom Jones. They established a snooker club in Great Windmill Street in the 1960s that went on to host the English Amateur Championship and Women's Billiards Association events.
Holt died on 22 February 2002, aged 92.
References
English snooker players
1909 births
2002 deaths
People from Ribble Valley (district)
Hurricane Ethel was one of two major hurricanes in the 1960 Atlantic hurricane season. The sixth known tropical cyclone, fifth named storm, and fourth hurricane of the season, Ethel developed from a disturbance in the Gulf of Mexico on September 14. After becoming a tropical storm, Ethel rapidly intensified and became a hurricane six hours later. By early on September 15, the storm reached major hurricane intensity when it became a Category 3 hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson hurricane scale. However, shortly thereafter, Ethel rapidly weakened back to a Category 1 hurricane while brushing eastern Louisiana. Later on September 15, Ethel weakened to a tropical storm. Early on the following day, Ethel made landfall in Pascagoula, Mississippi. The storm gradually weakened inland, before eventually dissipating over southern Kentucky on September 17.
In Louisiana, the western edge of the storm produced light rainfall and hurricane-force winds, though no damage occurred in that state. Offshore of Mississippi, rough seas inundated Horn Island and split Ship Island. Tropical storm force winds in the southern portion of the state littered broken glass, trees, and signs across streets in Pascagoula, as well as down power lines, which caused some residents to lose electricity. In Alabama, winds damaged beach cottages in cities along the Gulf Coast, and damaged crops in five counties in the southern portion of the state. Although large amounts of precipitation fell in the extreme western portions of the state, no flooding occurred in Florida. A lightning strike to a power station near Tallahassee caused a brief citywide blackout. The storm spawned five tornadoes in Florida and Alabama, one of which destroyed 25 homes. Outside the Gulf Coast of the United States, rain fell in other states, but no damage is known to have occurred. Overall, Ethel caused 1 fatality and $1.5 million (1960 USD) in damage.
Meteorological history
Hurricane Ethel originated from a small tropical disturbance over the Gulf of Mexico on the morning of September 14, 1960. It is estimated that Ethel developed into a tropical storm at 1200 UTC on that day, with an initial intensity of 45 mph (75 km/h). The disturbance quickly developed within a region favoring intensification and the New Orleans Hurricane Warning Office issued their first advisory on the system, classifying it as an area of low pressure, at 1500 UTC. Roughly six hours after becoming a tropical storm, Ethel was upgraded to a hurricane as it underwent an intense phase of explosive deepening. By this time, gale-force winds extended 150 miles (240 km) to the north of the center and 80 miles (130 km) to the south. Ethel further intensified into a major hurricane, as it approached the Gulf Coast of the United States.
Following a pass through the storm by a United States Navy reconnaissance plane, Ethel was declared a "severe hurricane" with winds reaching 115 mph (190 km/h), equivalent to a modern-day Category 3 hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson hurricane scale. At the time these winds were measured, a barometric pressure of 974 mbar (hPa; 28.7 inHg) was recorded, the lowest in relation to the hurricane. However, shortly thereafter, cool, dry air began to entrain the storm, causing it to rapidly weaken. In a six-hour span, the storm suddenly weakened to a Category 1 hurricane, a decrease of 25 mph (110 km/h).
As Ethel neared landfall, forecasters within the United States Weather Bureau were unsure of the future track and intensity of the hurricane due to the unusual strengthening and weakening. Around 1100 UTC on September 15, the center of Ethel brushed the coastline of Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana with winds of 90 mph (150 km/h). Continuing northward, the hurricane further weakened to a tropical storm as it was approaching the Gulf Coast of the United States. Shortly before 0000 UTC on September 16, Ethel made landfall in Pascagoula, Mississippi with winds of 70 mph (110 km/h). Gradual weakening took place as the storm moved inland over Mississippi and by 1800 UTC on September 16, Ethel was further downgraded to a tropical depression. The remnants of the former hurricane continued moving towards the north-northwest before dissipating on September 17 over southern Kentucky.
Preparations
Prior to Ethel's arrival, adequate warning allowed roughly 12,000 residents along the Mississippi coastline to evacuate to shelters, set up at churches and schools. Along a stretch of the Gulf Coastline, all fishing villages fully evacuated to safer places. In Louisiana, at least 2,000 people had been evacuated from Grand Isle. Other towns were placed under emergency evacuations where Coast Guard boats were used to move residents to safer areas. Military aircraft were also moved from Keesler Air Force Base to other airfields across the country. Numerous schools and businesses were closed on September 15 in fears of a worst-case scenario, a storm with 160 mph (260 km/h) winds passing directly over Mobile, Alabama, a city of roughly 150,000 people. In Florida, the National Weather Bureau stated that preparations were not being undertaken fast enough nor as extensive as warranted. According to the Red Cross, 48,000 people in the threatened region sought refuge in shelters; civil defense stated that 65,000 residents moved to shelters.
Impact
Before the storm weakened rapidly, people feared a large storm surge over much of southeastern Louisiana. Preparing for the storm induced stress, which in one person contributed a fatal heart attack. In Louisiana, a compact, rapidly weakening Hurricane Ethel brought significant wind and rain primarily east and southeast of New Orleans. However, the storm caused a maximum surge of only . Although Ethel weakened significantly, the hurricane still lashed far southeastern Louisiana. At the United States Coast Guard station in Quarantine in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, sustained winds reached . A weather station in Venice reported a sustained wind speed of and gusts to . Rainfall totals included at Quarantine, at Hopedale, at Buras, at Burrwood, and at Port Sulfur.
Hurricane Ethel caused substantial beach erosion throughout the barrier islands of Mississippi but brought a relatively small storm surge of along the populated coastline. Roughly of the east end of Horn Island was lost. The storm also split Ship Island into two islands, east and west Ship Islands. However, few knew of this split until Hurricane Camille in 1969 Atlantic hurricane season substantially widened the split. The sustained wind reached a maximum of in Biloxi, Mississippi. Throughout the Mississippi Gulf Coast, winds reached gusts approached . In Pascagoula, Mississippi, broken glass, fallen trees and signs covered the streets. Several areas were also flooded and power was lost in area where power lines were downed by high winds. Following the storm, Governor of Mississippi Ross Barnett ordered 100 Mississippi National Guard to Pascagoula and requested other troops in other areas.
High winds also affected Alabama, reaching and gusts of at Fort Morgan (Alabama). Slight damage to beach cottages occurred in Dauphin Island and Gulf Shores and along Mobile Bay. Minor crop losses were reported in Clarke, Escambia, Mobile, Monroe, and Washington counties. An F2 tornado also injured two people in the town of Mignon.
Hurricane Ethel also brought heavy rains and strong winds to much of the Florida Panhandle. A maximum of of rain fell at an agricultural experiment station near Milton, Florida, the highest total measured at an official station and attributed to this storm. Hurricane Donna struck Tampa, Florida, particularly hard earlier in the month, causing major flooding of Hillsborough River (Florida) at Zephyrhills, Florida on 12 September. People feared severe flooding of the Hillsborough River into Tampa, which did not occur. The highest wind gust in the state was , measured in both Pensacola and Apalachicola. A thunderstorm associated with Ethel produced lightning that hit a power station near Tallahassee, causing a citywide blackout for . According to Florida Highway Patrol, Ethel directly caused damage of $100,000 (1960 USD) in the state. Additionally Ethel spawned four tornadoes in Florida, one of which reached F2 intensity and damaged or destroyed 25 homes near Panama City.
Beyond the Gulf Coast of the United States, Ethel dropped rainfall in the states of Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, causing little if any damage. Throughout its path, Ethel caused $1.5 million (1960 USD) in damage and one indirect fatality.
See also
List of Category 3 Atlantic hurricanes
Other storms of the same name
1916 Gulf Coast hurricane – A Category 3 hurricane that devastated similar areas
Hurricane Isaac (2012) – Impacted southeastern Louisiana as a Category 1 hurricane, causing widespread damage
Hurricane Nate (2017) – A Category 1 hurricane that impacted similar areas
References
External links
1960 hurricane season review (PDF format)
1960 Atlantic hurricane season
Category 3 Atlantic hurricanes
Hurricanes in Louisiana
Hurricanes in Mississippi
1960 natural disasters in the United States
Agneta Pleijel (born 1940) is a Swedish novelist, poet, playwright, journalist and literary critic. Among their plays are Ordning härskar i Berlin from 1979. Among their novels are Vindspejare from 1987 and Drottningens chirurg from 2006. They have been a professor at Dramatiska Institutet since 1992. They were awarded the Dobloug Prize in 1991 and the Swedish Academy Nordic Prize in 2018.
References
1940 births
Living people
20th-century Swedish novelists
21st-century Swedish novelists
Swedish women poets
20th-century Swedish dramatists and playwrights
Swedish literary critics
Women literary critics
Swedish journalists
Litteris et Artibus recipients
Dobloug Prize winners
20th-century Swedish women writers
21st-century Swedish women writers
21st-century Swedish dramatists and playwrights
Swedish women dramatists and playwrights
Swedish women novelists
John Scales Avery (born in 1933) is a theoretical chemist noted for their research publications in quantum chemistry, thermodynamics, evolution, and history of science. Since the early 1990s, Avery has been an active world peace activist. During these years, they were part of a group associated with the Pugwash Conferences on Science and World Affairs. In 1995, this group received the Nobel Peace Prize for their efforts. Presently, they are an Associate Professor in quantum chemistry at the University of Copenhagen. Their 2003 book Information Theory and Evolution set forth the view that the phenomenon of life, including its origin and evolution, that including human cultural evolution, has it background situated over thermodynamics, statistical mechanics, and information theory.
Early life
Avery was born in Lebanon to American parents. Avery's parents were both born in the United States, in the state of Michigan, where they studied at the University of Michigan. Their father studied medicine while their mother studied bacteriology. After graduation, their parents did research together at the Marine Biological Laboratory in Woods Hole, Massachusetts. Later, their father did research in a borderline area between physics and medicine with Arthur Holly Compton, discoverer of the "Compton effect", at the University of Chicago.
In 1926, their father moved the family to Beirut, where their father worked as a professor of anatomy at the American University of Beirut. The family stayed in Beirut until the start of World War II. It was during these tumultuous years that John Scales Avery was born.
Education
1950 - graduated, Phillips Academy, Andover, Mass
1954 - B.Sc., physics, M.I.T
1955 - M.Sc., physics, University of Chicago
1965 - Ph.D., theoretical chemistry, Imperial College, London
Thermodynamics
In their recent 2003 book Information Theory and Evolution (2nd Edition, 2012), Avery combines information theory with thermodynamics to account for the phenomenon of life, including its origin and evolution. Since the beginning of the formulation of the second law of thermodynamics in the 1860s, which states that the entropy, or disorder, of an isolated system tends to increase with time, there has been a debate as to how this law relates to the "ordering" process of evolution. The apparent paradox between the second law of thermodynamics and the high degree of order and complexity produced by living systems, according to Avery, has its resolution "in the information content of the Gibbs free energy that enters the biosphere from outside sources."
Activism
Since 1990, Avery has been the Contact Person for Denmark the Pugwash Conferences on Science and World Affairs. In 1995, Avery was part of a group that shared in the Nobel Peace Prize for their work in the 1990s in organizing the Pugwash Conferences on Science and World Affairs. In 1998, Avery was elected to the Danish Peace Commission. During the years 1988–1997, Avery was the Technical Advisor at the World Health Organization, Regional Office for Europe. In 2004, Avery became the Chairman of the Danish Peace Academy.
Books
Avery, John. (2012). Information Theory and Evolution. World Scientific. (2nd Edition)
Avery, John. (2005). Science and Society, 2nd Ed. (PDF, 375 pgs.). Copenhagen: H.C. Orsted Institute.
Avery, John. (2004). Calculus and Differential Equations – an introductory book. (PDF, 135 pgs.). University of Copenhagen: Pari New Learning Publications.
Avery, John. (2002). Space-Age Science and Stone-Age Politics (PDF, 272 pgs.) Danish Peace Academy: Danish Pugwash Group.
Avery, John (1997) Progress, Poverty and Population, Frank Cass, London, (1997)
Scientific books:
Hyperspherical Harmonics and Generalized Sturmians, by J. Avery, Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht, Netherlands, 2000
Hyperspherical Harmonics; Applications in Quantum Theory, by J. Avery, Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht, 1989
Creation and Annihilation Operators, by J. Avery, McGraw-Hill, 1976
The Quantum Theory of Atoms, Molecules and Photons, by J. Avery, McGraw-Hill, 1972
As well as more than 150 [www.ki.ku.dk/dokumenter/PDF/Publications-JS-Avery.pdf].
References
External links
Biography - Overview
John Avery – faculty page, University of Copenhagen
John Avery List Publications - Danish Peace Academy
www.johnavery.info/ Official Site
Living people
Scientists from Beirut
MIT Department of Physics alumni
University of Chicago alumni
Alumni of Imperial College London
21st-century American chemists
Danish chemists
Thermodynamicists
1933 births
Events in the year 1912 in Bulgaria.
Incumbents
Events
The First Balkan War began.
References
1910s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Leandro Santiago Peñalver González (born May 23, 1961 in Matanzas) is a retired Cuban athlete who competed in the sprints. Their personal best is 10.06 seconds, achieved in Caracas in 1983. Despite having much international success, they never competed in the Olympics, as Cuba boycotted both the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.
International competitions
1 Representing the Americas
External links
1961 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Matanzas
Cuban male sprinters
Pan American Games gold medalists for Cuba
Pan American Games silver medalists for Cuba
Athletes (track and field) at the 1983 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1987 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1991 Pan American Games
World Athletics Championships medalists
World Athletics Championships athletes for Cuba
Pan American Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Central American and Caribbean Games gold medalists for Cuba
Competitors at the 1982 Central American and Caribbean Games
Competitors at the 1986 Central American and Caribbean Games
Goodwill Games medalists in athletics
Universiade gold medalists for Cuba
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in athletics
Medalists at the 1985 Summer Universiade
Competitors at the 1990 Goodwill Games
Medalists at the 1983 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1987 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
Friendship Games medalists in athletics
Zhongshan Wharf (Chinese:中山码头): located along Yangtze River, is a wharf in Xiaguan. It is near wharf No.7 of Port of Nanjing.
Background
In 1899, Nanjing became a treaty port. Foreign ship companies began to build wharfs in Xiaguan, including British company Jardine Matheson (1900), Japanese Swire (1901), Japanese Osaka (1902).
In 1908, Jinpu Railway was under construction. In 1910, Jinpu began to construct wharfs along the Pukou river, completing 10 wharfs for passenger and freight transport by 1914. Many wharfs were built along Xiaguan River, including one for passenger ferry and one for train ferry.
Zhongshan Wharf changed from passenger transport called Dasheng Wharf (), which was located near Jinling Guan (). In October 1914, the Jinpu port authorities rented West Fort Battery () from Xiaguan commercial port authorities. The wharf was moved to Nanjing and named after Feihong Ferry (). In 1921, Feihong sank and was replaced by Chengping Ferry (). In 1928, Jinpu began to build a new wharf at the beginning of Zhongshan Road. On March 28, 1935, the project was accomplished. In 1936, it came to use, and was renamed Zhongshan Wharf.
Development
After the People's Republic of China was founded, the waiting hall of Zhongshan Wharf was expanded, from 370.59 square meters to 775.2 square meters. In 1990, it was rebuilt again, reaching an area of .
References
Buildings and structures in Nanjing
Transport in Nanjing
Wharves
The 2017 United States federal hiring freeze was instituted by the Presidential Memorandum signed by President Donald Trump on January 23, 2017. Trump and Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney ordered the hiring freeze lifted on April 12, 2017.
Provisions
The order instituted a 90-day hiring freeze for the United States federal employees, after which it was to be replaced by a long-term workforce reduction plan to be developed by the Office of Personnel Management. The order bans hiring contractors to fill positions that would otherwise be filled by employees. The hiring freeze does not affect military personnel and those deemed essential for security, but the details of implementation rules have been clarified over time with multiple sets of guidance listing exceptions.
History
The hiring freeze follows similar measures instituted by Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan. In 1982, the Government Accounting Office issued a report on the impact of these freezes and found they had "little effect on Federal employment levels" and "disrupted agency operations, and in some cases, increased costs to the Government." This was because government agencies, rather than hire more contractors, had to pay overtime to existing employees, which is more expensive.
In December 2010, President Obama issued Executive Order 13561 carrying out a two-year federal employee pay freeze. Two years later, on December 27, 2012, they issued a new order, Executive Order 13635, which would end the pay freeze and give civilian federal employees a 0.5% raise in 2013. Congress then proposed legislation that would continue the pay freeze. In 2013, Federal employees endured sequestration-related furloughs as well as several unpaid days related to government shutdown. In November 2016, President Obama enacted a freeze on the hiring of Senior Executive Service positions. The size of the federal workforce ended Obama's administration essentially unchanged, increasing to 2.8 million from 2.79 million, and below the peak of 3.15 million during the Reagan administration.
Prior to becoming president, Trump indicated that they would institute a hiring freeze. In late October 2016, they revealed a six-point plan for their first 100 days; the second of these six was "a hiring freeze on all federal employees to reduce federal workforce through attrition (exempting military, public safety, and public health)" In a November 14, 2016, press conference, President Barack Obama had urged Trump to reconsider their proposed freeze, noting that, since 1967, the country's population increased 136%, the private sector workforce increased 67%, and the federal workforce has increased 10%.
The order was signed as one of the first executive actions of the Trump Administration in a ceremony that also included orders for the withdrawal of the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and for reimposing the Mexico City Policy banning foreign non-governmental organizations that receive federal funding from performing or promoting abortion services. Following the signing ceremony, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer addressed the press corps on hiring freeze and other issues. They said that the order "counters the dramatic expansion of the federal workforce in recent years." Several articles pointed to the lack of a factual basis for this statement.
The hiring freeze was lifted by Budget Director Mick Mulvaney on April 12, 2017.
Scope of freeze
Trump initially stated on January 23 that the hiring freeze does not affect "the military" and personnel associated with public safety. After two days of confusion, the Office of Management and Budget and the Office of Personnel Management clarified on January 25 that the freeze would not apply to public healthcare workers at the Department of Veterans Affairs, but would apply to Department of Defense civilians. On January 31, OMB and OPM issued more guidance with several more exceptions to the hiring freeze. In this guidance, the freeze does not apply to agencies under the following circumstances:
Presidential appointees, regardless of Senate confirmation (includes political Senior Executive Service members)
Seasonal and other short-term employees to meet "traditionally recurring seasonal workloads" such as National Park Service rangers (must be pre-approved by OMB)
U.S. Postal Service hires
Civilians hired by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the Central Intelligence Agency
Appointments in the Pathways Internship and Presidential Management Fellows programs and related conversions to permanent positions in those programs, and in conjunction with the Veterans Recruitment Act
Hirings in conjunction with 5 C.F.R. § 213.3102(r) (time limited positions in support of fellowship or professional/industry exchange programs)
Placement of federal employees with restoration rights accorded by law, such as restoration after absence with injury compensation and restoration after military duty
Job offers made prior to January 22, 2017, for which the person has a confirmed start date on or before February 22, 2017. Those people should report to work according to their designated start dates.(Job offers made prior to January 22, 2017, but which have a confirmed start date later than February 22, 2017 (or no confirmed start date), should be decided on a case-by-case basis and must go through an agency-head review.)
Career ladder promotions of current employees.
Reassignments or details of current employees within an agency or between agencies, as well as voluntary transfers of senior executives between agencies, under certain circumstances.
Further, OMB guidance declared that "The head of any agency may exempt any positions that it deems necessary to: Meet national security (including foreign relations) responsibilities, or Meet public safety responsibilities (including essential activities to the extent that they protect life and property). Agencies may refer to longstanding guidance, which provides examples of such activities in OMB Memorandum. Agency Operations in the Absence of Appropriations."
Impacts and reactions
The hiring freeze was criticized by Democratic members of Congress, veterans' advocates, advocates for disabled people, and others.
Harry Stein, director of fiscal policy at the Center for American Progress, criticized the freeze, predicting that it "will have profound negative consequences throughout the country." Stein and others cited a 1982 GAO report analyzing hiring freezes during the Reagan and Carter administrations, which determined that the freezes caused disruption to government services without saving funds. At a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing on February 15, 2017, Comptroller General of the United States Gene L. Dodaro, the head of the Government Accountability Office, said: "We've looked at hiring freezes in the past by prior administrations and they haven't proven to be effective in reducing costs and they cause some problems if they're in effect for a long period of time." Dodaro noted that the hiring freeze posed a risk to the government, particularly in areas with a "skill gaps" such as cybersecurity and acquisition workforce. Dodaro said that if reducing the size of the federal workforce was a goal, "a sustained hiring freeze is not the best way. It's better to do it through a budget or workforce plan."
Federal employees' unions criticized the freeze and questioned the notion that there were too many federal employees, noting that there are about as many federal employees today as there were in 1962 under the John F. Kennedy administration.
Impact on veterans and the military
Because veterans make up one-third of all federal employees, the hiring freeze were seen as disproportionately likely to be affect veterans. The extent of the impact of the freeze on the VA was unclear, with the White House and the VA sending out conflicting signals. Many veterans had VA job interviews delayed or canceled. Paul Rieckhoff, the chief executive of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, said that the freeze "sent shock waves across the entire veteran community" and "raises serious concerns about the president's commitment to veterans and improving the VA." Disabled American Veterans said that the situation was confusing. VoteVets slammed the inclusion of the VA, saying "If their executive order leads to preventable deaths, that will be on Donald Trump's hands, and we will hold them personally accountable." The Republican chairs of the House and Senate Veterans' Affairs Committees wrote a letter asking for clarification, while the Democratic ranking members of the House and Senate Veterans' Affairs Committees of those committees, joined by 53 other congressional Democrats, asked Trump to explicitly exclude the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs from the hiring freeze.
Several days after the hiring freeze was announced, following this backlash, the acting Secretary of Veterans Affairs Robert Snyder issued a memo saying that certain VA positions, such as physicians and nurses, would be exempted from the freeze.
The confusion following the hiring freeze hit parent in the U.S. military. In late February 2017, the commander of the U.S. Army Garrison Wiesbaden, in Germany informed Army parents that all part-day childcare programs at the garrison would end on March 1 as a "result of staff shortages due to the Federal Hiring Freeze" that prevented childcare services "from replacing staff who depart for any reason." A similar memo was issued at Fort Knox in Kentucky. Subsequently, waivers were granted for Fort Knox and Garrison Wiesbaden, but the freeze still interrupted service and disrupted hiring at those sites and elsewhere. The hiring freeze also caused disruption in Navy shipbuilding, which Navy officials said was counterproductive.
Other impacts and reactions
Federal employees' organizations condemned the hiring freeze, with the National Federation of Federal Employees saying that it would "will cripple employment opportunities particularly for women, veterans, minorities and the disabled." The National Active and Retired Federal Employees Association also opposed the freeze, saying it would save no money. The National Treasury Employees Union, American Federation of Government Employees, and other unions similarly criticized the freeze.
The hiring freeze caused fears among employees at federal scientific agencies such as the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), NASA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), and National Science Foundation (NSF), all of which are subject to the freeze. Scientists feared that the freeze might become permanent or be a precursor to deeper budget cuts.
The hiring freeze was seen as likely to worsen the delay in adjudicating Social Security Disability applications, which already has a 526-day backlog. On January 27, 2017, Budget Director Mulvaney addressed the issue briefly stating, "I don't think you're wrong to be concerned about it, Senator,"... "I don't think it automatically follows that hiring more people will create more efficiency." in response to questioning from Virginia Senator Tim Kaine.
In a smaller market, the hiring freeze came in the middle of the 2017 hiring season for new PhD Economists, removing approximately 10% of the jobs in the US that target people with newly granted PhDs in Economics.
See also
List of executive actions by Donald Trump
References
External links
Text of the order
Report by the Comptroller General of the United States - Report on effectiveness of hiring freezes (March 10, 1982)
2017 in American law
Executive orders of Donald Trump
