Mitchell Aubusson (born 1 October 1987) is a former Australian professional rugby league footballer who played as a and , spending their entire career with the Sydney Roosters in the National Rugby League (NRL). They have also played for NSW Country at representative level.
Background
Aubusson was born in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
While attending Xavier Catholic College Ballina in 2005, Aubusson played for the Australian Schoolboys team.
 They are the younger brother of James Aubusson, who also played for the Sydney Roosters.
Career
Aubusson played in the 2006 NSW Cup grand final for Newtown, who were the feeder club for the Sydney Roosters at the time. Newtown would lose the final 20-19 against Parramatta at Stadium Australia.
Aubusson made their first grade debut for the Sydney Roosters in round 1 of the 2007 NRL season against archrivals South Sydney at the Sydney Football Stadium. In the 2008 NRL season, Aubusson was part of the Sydney Roosters side which qualified for the finals but were eliminated by the New Zealand Warriors.
In the 2009 NRL season, Aubusson played 17 games as the club finished last on the table for the first time since 1966.
Aubusson played in the 2010 NRL Grand Final, against St. George Illawarra scoring a try in the Roosters' 32–8 loss.
Aubusson also played for the Sydney Roosters in the 2013 NRL Grand Final against Manly which the Roosters won 26–18. Early in the second half Aubusson tackled Jamie Lyon without the ball, giving Manly a penalty try.
Aubusson was part of the Roosters' sides who won 3 consecutive minor premierships in 2013, 2014 and 2015 but failed to reach the grand final in the latter two seasons. In 2017, Aubusson made 25 appearances for the club as the Roosters made the preliminary final but fell short of a grand final appearance losing to North Queensland 29–16. In 2018, Aubusson was part of the side that won its fourth Minor Premiership in six years. Aubusson then played in the 2018 NRL Grand Final in which the Sydney Roosters defeated Melbourne 21-6 winning their 14th premiership and Aubusson's second.
In round 4 of the 2019 NRL season, Aubusson scored 2 tries as the Roosters defeated Brisbane 36–4 at the Sydney Cricket Ground. On 19 August 2019, Aubusson signed a one-year contract extension with the Roosters, through to the end of 2020.
Aubusson played in the club's 2019 NRL Grand Final victory over Canberra at ANZ Stadium. Aubusson only played 12 minutes of the game before they were taken from the field with a knee injury. It was Aubusson's third premiership victory as a player.
In round 13 of the 2020 NRL season, Aubusson became the third Sydney Roosters player to play 300 games. Aubusson celebrated by scoring a try in their team's 24–16 victory over St. George at WIN Stadium.
On 24 August 2020, Aubusson announced their retirement from rugby league for the end of the 2020 season.
On 19 September 2020, Aubusson played their 303rd first grade game becoming the most capped Sydney Roosters player overtaking Anthony Minichiello who played 302, Aubusson scored a double in the 34-18 victory over Cronulla-Sutherland at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
On 9 October 2020, Aubusson played their 306th and final game in their sides 18-22 loss to the Canberra Raiders at the Sydney Cricket Ground in week two of the finals, the Roosters were eliminated from the finals after also losing to the Penrith Panthers one week earlier.
References
External links
Sydney Roosters profile
Roosters profile
NRL player profile
1987 births
Living people
Ballina Seagulls players
Country New South Wales Origin rugby league team players
Newtown Jets NSW Cup players
NRL All Stars players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league five-eighths
Rugby league locks
Rugby league players from Sydney
Rugby league second-rows
Sydney Roosters players
The Van Ness Mausoleum was designed by George Hadfield. It is said to be a copy of the Temple of Vesta in Rome.
History
The mausoleum was constructed in 1824 for the daughter, Ann Elbertina Middleton, and granddaughter, Marcia Helen Middleton, of Washington City mayor John Peter Van Ness and Marcia Burns Van Ness. Built at an estimated cost of $34,000 with space for 18, it ultimately held 7, including John Peter Van Ness, who was interred inside in 1847. The mausoleum was moved by Colonel W. H. Philip to Oak Hill Cemetery in the Georgetown section of Washington, D.C., in 1872. The structure was put on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
See also
List of public art in Washington, D.C., Ward 2
Notes
External links
Oak Hill Cemetery
Burials at Oak Hill Cemetery (Washington, D.C.)
Georgetown (Washington, D.C.)
Mausoleums in the United States
Monuments and memorials on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in Washington, D.C.
Buildings and structures completed in 1824
Neoclassical architecture in Washington, D.C.
Renaissance Revival architecture in Washington, D.C.
Relocated buildings and structures in Washington, D.C.
Mausoleums on the National Register of Historic Places
Western Tasmanian is an aboriginal language family of Tasmania in the reconstruction of Claire Bowern.
Languages
The Western Tasmanian languages are the most poorly attested of all Tasmanian families. Bayesian phylogenetic analysis suggests (at either p < 0.15 or p < 0.20) that Northwestern Tasmanian and Southwestern Tasmanian were distinct languages; several word lists of unrecorded provenance turn out to be Western Tasmanian or to have Western words mixed in. Bayesian analysis does not support a connection to other Tasmanian languages. However, manual comparison suggests they are related to the Northern Tasmanian languages, which are less poorly attested, though the similarities may be due to loans.
Between the region inhabited by Western language groups and other Tasmanian language groups, there is a large strip of land in the western interior where no information has been found or published regarding possible inhabitants. This area has been mapped as having isolated the Western language groups from the rest of Tasmania except by small shared borders along the north and south coasts, or on one shared border along the south coast only.
References
Indigenous Australian languages in Tasmania
Language families
Western Tasmania
South West Tasmania
The Commission on Science and Technology for Sustainable Development in the South (COMSATS) is an inter-governmental organization, having a membership of 25 developing countries and one non-state member from three continents, Latin America, Africa and Asia. Twenty two S&T/R&D institutions of developing countries are affiliated with COMSATS as its Network of International S&T Centers of Excellence for Sustainable Development in the South. The organization aims at sustainable socio-economic uplift of the developing countries through appropriate applications of science and technology using the approach of South-South cooperation.
H.E. John Dramani Mahama, the President of Ghana, is the incumbent Chairperson of COMSATS, who assumed this position on 24 July 2012. The current Executive Director of COMSATS is S. M. Junaid Zaidi who succeeded Imtinan Elahi Qureshi in February 2017.
The Network of COMSATS' Centres of Excellence is governed by a Coordinating Council (comprising the heads of Network Member Institutions), the Consultative Committee (comprising the national focal points in Member States) and the Technical Advisory Committee (comprising senior scientists and technologists from the North and the South). The Consultative Committee is chaired by the Federal Secretary, Ministry of Science and technology, Government of Pakistan and the Coordinating Council elects its Chairperson from among its members. These positions are currently being held by Fazal Abbas Maken and Ashraf Shalan, President, National Research Centre (NRC), Egypt. The Secretariat of COMSATS is permanently located in Islamabad, Pakistan and is supported by the grants from the Government of Pakistan. It plays a dual role of the Secretariat and Headquarters of the Network of Centres of Excellence.
Objectives
COMSATS has the following objectives, as outlined in its Statutes:
To sensitize the countries of the South to the centrality of science and technology in the development process, to the adequate allocation of resources for research and development and to the integration of science and technology in the national and regional development plans;
To support the functioning and activities of the Network of International Science and Technology Centres for Sustainable Development in the South established under this agreement;
To support other major initiatives designed to promote indigenous capacity-building in science and technology for science-led sustainable development and to help mobilize long-term financial support from international donor agencies and from governments / institutions in the North and the South to supplement the financing of international scientific projects in the South;
To provide leadership and support for North-South and South-South cooperative schemes in education, training and research; and
To support the relevant programs and initiatives of major international organizations working for the development and promotion of science and technology in the South.
History
COMSATS was established following a foundation meeting organized by the Government of Pakistan, held on October 4–5, 1994, at the behest of the world-renowned scientist and Nobel Laureate from Pakistan, Prof. Abdul Salam. The Inter-governmental Agreement to this effect was signed in Islamabad, with support of the Ministry of Science and Technology (MoST), Government of Pakistan, The World Academy of Sciences (TWAS) and the Consortium on Science, Technology and Innovation for the South (COSTIS).
Major Programmes and Projects
COMSATS programmes and projects relate to the socio-economic needs of its member countries. In this context, the organization focuses on:
Capacity-building through education and training, seminars, symposia, workshops, fellowships and expert-exchange programs;
Research and development through joint projects in scientific fields, like Information and communication technologies, agriculture, environment, biotechnology, medicinal products, materials sciences, etc.
Knowledge dissemination through COMSATS publications, web-sites/web-portals;
Higher education in Science and Technology with the support of COMSATS' Centres of Excellence and their affiliated institutions in the member countries.
On-Going Projects
COMSATS University Islamabad (CUI)
COMSATS Internet Services (CIS)
COMSATS Tele-Health Services
Syrian-COMSATS-COMSTECH Information Technology Center (SCCITC), Damascus - Syria
ISESCO-COMSATS Islamic World Science Net (IWSN), Web-portal
International Collaboration
Keeping in view the common goals of building and promoting indigenous capacities in science and technology for science-led development, COMSATS has signed a number of Memoranda of Understanding (MoU) with various Ministries, International Organizations and Academic Institutions, to effectively conduct developmental initiatives. Also, the organization has close working relations with various development and donor agencies, such as UNESCO, ISESCO, TWAS/TWNSO, COMSTECH, ICGEB, etc.
Membership
the following are listed as members of COMSATS:
References
Further reading
External links
COMSATS official website
COMSATS University Islamabad (CUI) official website
COMSATS Internet Services (CIS) official website
Islamic World Science Net (IWSN) official website
International sustainability organizations
Educational organisations based in Pakistan
Intergovernmental organizations
Scientific organisations based in Pakistan
Environmental organizations established in 1994
Scientific organizations established in 1994
The World Academy of Sciences
Sian Brice (born 2 April 1969) is a triathlete from the United Kingdom.
They were born in Leigh, Greater Manchester.
Brice competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They were one of the three British athletes, along with Michelle Dillon and Andrew Johns, not to finish the competition. Before they went to the Olympics they already had a bronze medal under their belt from the European Triathlon Championships, they also came sixth in the World Championships behind 5 Aussies.
External links
profile
1969 births
Living people
British female triathletes
English female triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Great Britain
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Leigh, Greater Manchester
Kibale National Park is a national park in western Uganda, protecting moist evergreen rainforest. It is in size and ranges between and in elevation. Despite encompassing primarily moist evergreen forest, it contains a diverse array of landscapes. Kibale is one of the last remaining expanses to contain both lowland and montane forests. In eastern Africa, it sustains the last significant expanse of pre-montane forest.
The park was gazetted in 1932 and formally established in 1993 to protect a large area of forest previously managed as a logged forest reserve. The park forms a continuous forest with Queen Elizabeth National Park. This adjoining of the parks creates a wildlife corridor. It is an important ecotourism and safari destination, well-known for its population of habituated chimpanzees and twelve other species of primates. It is also the location of the Makerere University Biological Field Station.
Locals and the park
Two major tribes, the Batooro and Bakiga, inhabit the area around the park. They use the park for food, fuel, and other resources with the help of the Uganda Wildlife Authority. In the last century, the population around the park has increased by sevenfold. This is speculated to be because the park directly brings in revenue for those living around it and the tourism industry creates jobs. In addition, many farmers believe that the soil is better for growing crops year round. This increase in the population has caused the area around the park to be divided and developed or turned into plantations and farmland, and demand for firewood asserts pressure on the park's wildlife habitat. Organizations like the New Nature Foundation are working to restore harmony to the people-park relationship by empowering local citizens to meet their needs in sustainable ways. Cutting trees for fuel has already strained many of the forest areas outside Kibale.
Biodiversity
Kibale National Forest has one of the highest diversity and concentration of primates in Africa. It is home to a large number of endangered chimpanzees, as well as the red colobus monkey (status: Endangered) and the rare L'Hoest's monkey (Vulnerable) making it a hidden gem for a Chimpanzee tracking Safari.
Fauna
There are 13 species of primates in Kibale National Park. The park protects several well-studied habituated communities of common chimpanzee, as well as several species of Central African monkey including the Uganda mangabey (Lophocebus ugandae), the Ugandan red colobus (Procolobus tephrosceles) and the L'Hoest's monkey. Other primates that are found in the park include the black-and-white colobus (Colobus guereza) and the blue monkey (Cercopithecus mitis). The park's population of elephants travels between the park and Queen Elizabeth National Park. Other terrestrial mammals that are found within Kibale National Park include red and blue duikers, bushbucks, sitatungas, bushpigs, giant forest hogs, common warthogs, and African buffalo. The carnivores that are present include leopards, African golden cats, servals, different mongooses and two species of otter. In addition, lions visit the park on occasion.
Bird life is also prolific. The park boasts 325 species of birds, including the olive long-tailed cuckoo, western tinkerbird, two species of pittas (African and green-breasted) and the grey parrot. The ground thrush (Turdus kibalensis) is endemic to Kibale National Park.
Tourism
Kibale National Park is a popular destination for tourist to track the chimpanzees in Uganda. Chimpanzee tracking has taken place in the park since 1993, with successful tracking rates of 90%. Other popular tourism activities include the chimpanzee habituation exercise, nature walks and bird watching. Tourists visiting Kibale National Park make a 5 hours drive from Kampala to reach the park. The park is also connected by daily domestic flights from Kajjansi Airfield and Murchison Falls National Park, which land at Fort Portal Airstrip. The park offers a range of tented camps and safari lodges to accommodate visitors.
Primates
Primates are very common in Kibale National Forest. The forest has some of the highest abundances of species of primates in the area. There are many species of primates and these species persist in the less disturbed areas of the forest in their natural habitats. There are disturbances that are hindering some of these species.
Logging effects on primates
Logging effects have been studied specifically by a few people. Most studies find that logging seems to be having a negative effect on the species but there are some contradictions.
Some species of primates are found less frequently in logged areas but others were unaffected. This study helps reveal the importance of stopping logging in certain regions of Kibale National Forest. The species from the study are shown below. These species densities show the effect of logging on each separate species:
* Heavily logged areas:
* Found in lower densities: chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes), redtails (Cercopithecus ascanius)
* Found in mixed densities: red colobus (Procolobus badius), black-and-white colobus (Colobus guereza)
* Unlogged areas:
* Found in mixed densities: red colobus (Procolobus badius), black-and-white colobus (Colobus guereza)
Another study conducted by Chapman and their colleagues in 2000 showed that many species of primates returned and came back to their original densities in lightly logged forest but in the heavily logged forest primates species were not able to recover. This study helps support that Kibale National Forest needs to develop a light logging system different from their heavily logging system they conduct now.
Degraded agricultural lands effect on primates
Degraded lands occur when land is cleared for agriculture and then abandoned after a few years. These lands are coming back at different rates and some are showing no possibility of re-growth. The effect these lands have on primates is still slightly unknown but some studies have started weeding out answers. One study found that most species of primates were found evenly distributed throughout the entire forest, whether there was agriculture encroachment or not.
Diet of primates in Kibale National Park
Different species have different diets and many of the species are folivorous. One study actually found that black-and-white colobus monkeys (Colobus guereza) eat younger leaves over older leaves (this is thought to happen because the leaves have more protein and are easier to digest).
Flora
There are approximately 229 species of trees found within the moist tropical forests of the park. Some endangered timber species of trees include Cordia millenii, Entandrophragma angolense, and Lovoa swynnertonnii. The forest understory is dominated by shade-tolerant shrubs and herbs, which include Palisota schweinfurthii and Pollia condensata, in addition to ferns and broad leaf grasses.
Forest management
Forestry research in the park
Many studies have been conducted within the park to assess the factors influencing forest regeneration and forest management techniques. One such study's results suggested that forest restoration could be achieved through preventing fires within the park and allowing natural succession to occur so that the grasslands formed due to human activity could naturally regenerate to forests. The results showed that plots within the park that had the longest history of fire exclusion had the highest species diversity of trees. Furthermore, species of trees that required animal dispersal of their seeds were far more abundant than non-animal dispersed species in the plot with the longest duration of fire exclusion. This suggests that seed dispersing animals were also more abundant in areas where fire was excluded. Lastly, the presence of seed dispersers and animal dispersed species of trees in some grassland plots suggest that suppressing fire and allowing natural seed dispersal to occur can encourage forest regeneration. Another study evaluated the use of exotic pine and cypress tree plantations as a forest restoration technique within the park. This study showed a high level of natural regeneration of indigenous trees within pine plantations most likely due to the use of these plantations by seed dispersing animals such as redtail monkeys, chimpanzees, duikers, and bushpigs, all of which were sited or tracked within the plantations.
Wild coffee project
Robusta coffee grows natively in the Kibale forest area. From 1999 to 2002 an effort was made to commercialize this coffee as a premium consumer brand, emulating and extending the success of shade grown in Central America. Revenue from the coffee production was intended to finance conservation management activities.
Initial funding for project development came from USAID. The project was implemented with funding from the Ford Foundation and $750,000 from the World Bank Global Environment Facility. The project had initial success in setting up local production standards and procedures and control infrastructure. Initially it was led by the Uganda Coffee Trade Federation, until the independent US-based non-profit Kibale Forest Foundation was created to take over the project. Sustainable annual yield was estimated at . Organic certification was delivered by the Swedish KRAV labeling firm. It was subsequently discovered that there was no demand for the product, as the robusta variety is perceived as inferior to arabica coffee typically demanded by the premium market. Various blending schemes were turned down by coffee distributors. Project leaders estimated that $800,000 in marketing expenditure would be required to create demand.
External links
Chimpanzee trekking Uganda
Uganda Wildlife Authority
Kibale Forest National Park
Research Opportunities at the Makerere University Biological Field Station, Uganda
Visitor Guide to Kibale Forest National Park
Things to Do in Kibale Forest National Park
Wikimapia Location
See also
Kibaale District
References
Sources:
"Kibale Forest". National Parks of East Africa. N.p., 2010. Web. 24 Sept 2011. <https://web.archive.org/web/20160304003342/http://kibalenationalpark.com/information.html>.
National parks of Uganda
Protected areas established in 1993
Kabarole District
Kibaale District
1993 establishments in Uganda
Forestry in Uganda
Important Bird Areas of Uganda
Albertine Rift montane forests
Jennifer Aniston Goes Viral, known also as Jen Aniston's Sex Tape, is a viral video advertisement by Glacéau, starring actor Jennifer Aniston, that promotes the smartwater bottled water brand. The video was uploaded to YouTube on 7 March 2011 and had attracted almost ten and a half million views before it was taken down in February 2012.
The video
The two-minute-and-43-second-long Alek Keshishian-directed video opens with teenage Internet personality Keenan Cahill lip-syncing to Far East Movement's "Like a G6", when Aniston enters the room and asks them whether they know songs about water. The scene cuts away to Aniston introducing smartwater and explaining that they must make a video that "turns into a virus".
The video proceeds to parody a series of viral tropes, including animals (golden retriever puppies, a skateboarding dog and a talking parrot that says "Rachel, I love your hair"—a reference to Aniston's character Rachel Green on the television series Friends and the popular Rachel haircut), animated dirty-dancing babies, a double rainbow and a groin kick to a fan "that's worth about 100,000 hits". Then, in slow motion, Aniston swings their hair and drinks seductively from a bottle of smartwater while "Baker Street" plays in the background.
The ad closes with Aniston's team of three "Internet boys" suggesting the name "Jen Aniston sex tape" for the video, to which they reply "I love it!"
Reception
Tom McKendrick, writing for Fairfax Media's Life & Style feature, described the video as "a viral video to kill all viral videos", with the name 'Jennifer Aniston sex tape' "enough to ensure its success". Console Digest characterized the project as combining a viral marketing campaign and "a pretty face" in a way that is "ironic" and "aware", and which demonstrates that "these days it doesn't matter what you're selling as long as the setting is amusing". WENN considered the advertisement to be "cleverly made" and reported, on 10 March 2011, that the video had "gone viral" and "taken the Internet by storm".
The video received mostly positive responses from YouTube users, and activity on the microblogging website Twitter made "Jennifer Aniston" a trending topic.
Sequel
A sequel, The Jennifer Aniston Security Tapes: Secrets Revealed by smartwater, again directed by Keshishian, was uploaded to YouTube on 18 September 2012.
References
External links
Viral marketing
Viral videos
2011 YouTube videos
Jennifer Aniston
Bottled water
Tzvika Hadar is an Israeli international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
They have represented Israel at three World Championships; the 2004 World Outdoor Bowls Championship, the 2012 World Outdoor Bowls Championship and the 2016 World Outdoor Bowls Championship.
In 2011, they won a bronze medal at the European Bowls Championships in Portugal and won a pairs bronze medal (with Daniel Alonim), at the 2015 Atlantic Bowls Championships.
Hadar was selected as part of the five-man team by Israel for the 2020 World Outdoor Bowls Championship
They have served as the European Bowls Union President.
References
Israeli male bowls players
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Quarteira River () is a small river in the Portuguese region of the Algarve. The river begins at the conflux of two tributary rivers a little north of the village of Paderne. The tributary rivers are the River de Alte and the River de Algibre.
Description
The Quarteira is one of a number of small rivers in the central Algarve which make up the water ecosystem known as the Querença – Silves Aquifer System.
Places of interest
A short distance from the confluence of the Quarteira the river passes the village of Paderne and then snakes in a large loop around a hill which is topped by the remains of the Moorish Castle of Paderne. Below the castle are the remnants of two watermills. The first is to the Acudes do Castelo which is in the north-west valley below the castle and the second watermill is called Alfarrobeiro and is south of the castle. Next to this watermill stands a Bridge built by the Romans.
The Roman bridge is location on the rocky peninsular bend and was of strategic importance to the Romans, as it controlled the ancient Roman road Via Lusitanorum.
Gallery
References
Rivers of Portugal
Rivers of the Algarve
Natura 2000 in Portugal
Michalis Kourmoulis (, 1765 – 1824) was a Greek leader of the Greek War of Independence from Crete and one of the major military leaders on the island during the war.
Biography
Kourmoulis was originally known as Hussein Agha, and was the leader of an important Cretan family from Messara that was flourishing since the time of the Venetian rule over Crete. After the Ottoman conquest of Crete, the Kourmoulis family converted to Islam, producing several beys and aghas, but remaining Crypto-Christians in reality. Both Kourmoulis and their family protected the Christians of Dikti and Psiloritis region. In 1814, in response to the murder of some armed Ottomans, Kourmoulis was accused as a secret Christian, but managed to be acquitted.
They participated in the preparation of the Greek Revolution in Crete, being a member of the Filiki Eteria after being initiated by Gregorios Kallonas. During the Easter of 1821, while they were in Chania, they revealed in public their Christian faith. When the revolution broke out in Crete, they became head of their family, which numbered 75 armed men as well as head of the armed Greeks of Messara.
Initially, together with other local leaders they laid ambushes on the Ottoman forces in the Rethymno area, whilelater they temporarily fled to Kassos with other rebels, only to return later in Crete. Their compatriots proposed them to Demetrios Ypsilantis as a candidate for the position of the general chief of Crete, but eventually Michail Komninos Afentoulief was selected by Ypsilantis. They were appointed as pentakosiarch and managed to repeatedly beat the Ottoman military officers, Sherif and Hassan Pasha. They were also one of the first leaders to set up a Greek cavalry unit. After the suppression of the revolution on the island by the Egyptian army, Michael Kourmoulis fled to Hydra where they died from their wounds in 1824. Their brother Georgios and their son Dimitris offered important services in the Revolution.
References
Bibliography
Dionysios Kokkinos, Η Ελληνική Επανάστασις, εκδόσεις Μέλισσα, 6th edition, Athens, 1974.
External links
Πατρίς: Πώς ο Χουσεΐν Αγάς έγινε ο επαναστάτης Μιχαήλ Κουρμούλης.
1765 births
1824 deaths
Greek people of the Greek War of Independence
Converts to Eastern Orthodoxy from Islam
Military personnel from Crete
Members of the Filiki Eteria
Crypto-Christianity in the Ottoman Empire
Gerald Bernard Helman (November 4, 1932 Detroit, Michigan - October 16, 2020 Alexandria, Virginia), was a Career Foreign Service Officer who was Representative of the United States to the European Office of the United Nations from 1979 until 1981 with the rank of ambassador. Helman was also Deputy Under Secretary of State (1982-1991).
Biography
Helman, the son of Jewish immigrants from Russia (near Minsk, in modern-day Belarus), attended Cass Technical High School (class of 1949), the University of Michigan (class of 1953) and the University of Michigan Law School (class of 1956). While an undergraduate, they met Dolores “Dolly” Hamel whom they later married and was editor of The Michigan Daily. In 1973 and 1974, Helman was a Woodrow Wilson Fellow at Princeton University.
In their diplomatic career, they worked for both the UN and NATO in political affairs and was involved in the negotiations for the Outer Space Treaty and Camp David Accords.
References
1932 births
2020 deaths
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
Permanent Representatives of the United States to the United Nations
Cass Technical High School alumni
University of Michigan College of Literature, Science, and the Arts alumni
University of Michigan Law School alumni
People from Detroit
Bokinia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Uchanie, north-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Bokinia
Toombs County High School is a public high school located in Lyons, Georgia, United States. The school is part of the Toombs County School District, which serves Toombs County, Georgia.
Athletics
Toombs County High School's sports teams are known as the Bulldogs. This nickname was adopted from Lyons High School, which was combined with Toombs Central School in 1987 to form Toombs County High School. The Lyons High School colors were changed from red, white, and black to red, white, and navy, to represent Toombs Central School, whose colors were yellow and navy.
The Bulldogs compete in the Georgia High School Association's class AA in region 2AA. They are competitive in all sports but have historically been more competitive in football, baseball, and wrestling. Toombs County plays Vidalia High School each year in Toombs-Vidalia Week, a week filled with spirit leading up to the big game. Vidalia is the Bulldogs most competitive rival.
Toombs County has won one state championship in school history, which was in baseball in 1996.
Football
The Toombs County Bulldogs football team has won five region titles since its inception in 1987. The Bulldogs have an all-time record of 149–115–0. Toombs County has won five regional championships.
State Titles
Baseball (1) - 1996(A)
Football (1) - 1975(B)
Girls' Track (1) - 1977(B)
The 1975 football championship was won by Lyons High School and the 1977 track championship was won by Toombs Central High School
Notable alumni
Craig Campbell, country music singer
Nick Eason, defensive line coach for the Cincinnati Bengals
Travares Tillman, defensive backs coach for Georgia Tech and former player
References
External links
Toombs County School District
Toombs County High School
Schools in Toombs County, Georgia
Public high schools in Georgia (U.S. state)
State Route 121 (SR 121) is a state highway in the U.S. state of California. It runs through the Wine Country region of Sonoma and Napa counties. Its southern terminus is at State Route 37 at Sears Point, and its northern terminus is at State Route 128 near Lake Berryessa. SR 121 passes through the Carneros region of the southern Sonoma Valley and Napa Valley.
Route description
The route begins at SR 37 in Sears Point, and then runs past the Tolay Lake basin and across Tolay Creek near Infineon Raceway. As it continues northward through Sonoma County, it meets SR 116, where it then veers east. SR 121 then enters Schellville, where it begins a short overlap with SR 12. Upon leaving, it begins another overlap with SR 29, which happens to be a freeway, in Napa County. When it leaves, it continues northward and meets SR 221 in Napa. As it leaves the city, it continues northward for several miles before reaching its north end at SR 128 near Lake Berryessa.
SR 121 is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System, but is not part of the National Highway System, a network of highways that are considered essential to the country's economy, defense, and mobility by the Federal Highway Administration. SR 121 is eligible to be included in the State Scenic Highway System, but it is not officially designated as a scenic highway by the California Department of Transportation. The California Legislature named the route Carneros Highway from its southern terminus to its junction with SR 29 in Napa, after the Carneros settlement. The stretch in Sonoma County between SR 37 and SR 116 runs along Arnold Drive, and along Fremont Drive between SR 116 and the Napa County line.
History
The section from SR 37 to SR 29 in Napa remains virtually unchanged since its definition in 1963. The northern section, however, was slightly altered since its definition the same year due to a realignment of various other freeways.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
Caltrans: Route 121 highway conditions
California Highways: Route 121
California @ AARoads.com - State Route 121
State Route 121
State Route 121
121
Napa, California
Matthew Pearl (born October 2, 1975) is an American novelist and educator. Their novels include The Dante Club, The Poe Shadow, The Last Dickens, The Technologists, and The Last Bookaneer.
Biography
Pearl was born in New York City and grew up in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, where they graduated from the University School of Nova Southeastern University (NSU), a K-12 school. They earned degrees from Harvard College and Yale Law School. They currently reside in Cambridge, Massachusetts. In 1998, Pearl won the Dante Award from the Dante Society of America for their undergraduate essay, Dante in Transit: Emerson's Lost Role as Dantean.
Bibliography
The Dante Club was published in 2003. Their second novel, a historical thriller about the death of Edgar Allan Poe called The Poe Shadow, was published by Random House in the United States in 2007. Their third novel, The Last Dickens, was published in the United States in 2009.
The Technologists, a mystery alternative-history thriller set in the early years of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, were published in the United States in 2012.
Other works include The Professor's Assassin (2011), The Last Bookaneer (2015), Ginnifer (short story) (2016), and The Dante Chamber (2018)
In 2021, Pearl published their first nonfiction book The Taking of Jemima Boone: Colonial Settlers, Tribal Nations, and the Kidnap That Shaped America, published by Harper Collins.
References
External links
Official author site
21st-century American novelists
American male novelists
Novelists from New York (state)
Living people
Harvard College alumni
Yale University alumni
Yale Law School alumni
21st-century American male writers
Novelists from Massachusetts
1975 births
John Morrison (April 17, 1868—June 6, 1930) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada. They served in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1916 to 1922.
Morrison was born in Mount Forest, Ontario, the son of Scottish immigrants who had come to Canada one year earlier. In 1878, they moved with their family to Selkirk, Manitoba where they completed their education. They worked as a merchant and was for four years the Office Trustee of Grand Rapids, Manitoba. In 1890, they married Sadie Blimco. Morrison was a Presbyterian and an active freemason.
Morrison was first elected to the Manitoba legislature in a by-election on September 16, 1916, in the newly created northern constituency of Rupertsland. Running as an independent, they were declared elected without opposition. Morrison subsequently affiliated with the governing Liberal Party, and was again elected without opposition under its banner in the 1920 provincial election. During this period, they served as a backbench supporter of Tobias Norris's government.
The Liberals were defeated by the United Farmers of Manitoba in the 1922 campaign. The election in Rupertsland was deferred until after the rest of the province had voted; with the Liberal defeat already confirmed, Morrison chose not to run again.
They died in Swan River at the age of 62.
References
1868 births
Manitoba Liberal Party MLAs
1930 deaths
Valentyn Mykhailovych Khodukin (; 17 August 1939 – 16 December 2020) was a Soviet footballer and Ukrainian football manager.
They died on 16 December 2020 in Lviv.
References
External links
1939 births
2020 deaths
Footballers from Kharkiv
Soviet footballers
Ukrainian footballers
Ukrainian football managers
Association football midfielders
FC Naftovyk Drohobych players
FC Karpaty Lviv players
FC Avanhard Ternopil players
FC Sokil Lviv players
Ukrainian Premier League managers
FC Skala Stryi (1911) managers
FC Mykolaiv managers
FC Hoverla Uzhhorod managers
FC Dynamo Lviv managers
FC Karpaty Lviv managers
FC Sokil Zolochiv managers
FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih managers
Shamakhi FK managers
Ukrainian expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Azerbaijan
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Azerbaijan
Vulvodynia is a chronic pain syndrome that affects the vulvar area and occurs without an identifiable cause. Symptoms typically include a feeling of burning or irritation. It has been established by the ISSVD that for the diagnosis to be made symptoms must last at least three months.
The exact cause is unknown but is believed to involve a number of factors, including genetics, immunology, and possibly diet. Diagnosis is by ruling out other possible causes. This may or may not include a biopsy of the area.
Treatment may involve a number of different measures; however, none is universally effective, and the evidence to support their effectiveness is often poor. Some of these measures include improved vulvar care, dietary changes, medications, counselling, and, if conservative treatment is not effective, surgery. It is estimated to affect up to 16% of women.
Signs and symptoms
Pain is the most notable symptom of vulvodynia, and can be characterized as a burning, stinging, irritation or sharp pain that occurs in the vulva and entrance to the vagina. It may be constant, intermittent or happen only when the vulva is touched, but vulvodynia usually has a long duration.
Symptoms may occur in one place or the entire vulvar area. It can occur during or after sexual activity, when tampons are inserted, or when prolonged pressure is applied to the vulva, such as during sitting, bike riding, or horseback riding. Some cases of vulvodynia are idiopathic where no particular cause can be determined.
Vulvar vestibulitis
Vulvar vestibulitis syndrome (VVS), vestibulodynia, or simply vulvar vestibulitis or "localized (to the vestibule) provoked vulvodynia" refers to pain localized to the vestibular region. It tends to be associated with a highly localized "burning" or "cutting" type of pain. The pain of vulvodynia may extend into the clitoris; this is referred to as clitorodynia.
Vulvar vestibulitis syndrome is the most common subtype of vulvodynia that affects premenopausal women – the syndrome has been cited as affecting about 10%–15% of women seeking gynecological care.
Causes
A wide variety of possible causes and treatments for vulvodynia are currently being explored. Moreover, there are probably several causes of vulvodynia, and some may be individual to the patient.
Possible causes include Sjögren syndrome, the symptoms of which include chronic vaginal dryness. Others include genetic predisposition to inflammation, allergy or other sensitivity (for example: oxalates in the urine), an autoimmune disorder similar to lupus erythematosus or to eczema or to lichen sclerosus, infection (e.g., yeast infections, bacterial vaginosis, HPV, HSV), injury, and neuropathy—including an increased number of nerve endings in the vaginal area. Some cases seem to be negative outcomes of genital surgery, such as a labioplasty. Initiation of hormonal contraceptives that contain low- dose estrogen before the age of 16 could predispose women to vulvar vestibulitis syndrome. A significantly lower pain threshold, especially in the posterior vestibulum, has also been associated with the use of hormonal contraceptives in women without vulvar vestibulitis syndrome. Pelvic floor dysfunction may be the underlying cause of some women's pain.
Diagnosis
The condition is one of exclusion and other vulvovaginal problems should be ruled out. The diagnosis is based on the typical complaints of the patient, essentially normal physical findings, and the absence of identifiable causes per the differential diagnosis. Cotton swab testing is used to differentiate between generalized and localized pain and delineate the areas of pain and categorize their severity. Patients often will describe the touch of a cotton ball as extremely painful, like the scraping of a knife. A diagram of pain locations may be helpful in assessing the pain over time. The vagina should be examined, and tests, including wet mount, vaginal pH, fungal culture, and Gram stain, should be performed as indicated. Fungal culture may identify resistant strains.
It is estimated that only half of affected women will seek medical help, among whom many will see several doctors before a correct diagnosis is made. Only 2% of the people that seek help do obtain a diagnostic. Many gynecologists are not familiar with this family of conditions, but awareness has spread with time. Affected women are also often hesitant to seek treatment for chronic vulvar pain, especially since many women begin experiencing symptoms around the same time they become sexually active. Moreover, the absence of any visible symptoms means that before being successfully diagnosed many patients have been told that the pain is "in their head" (a medical stance more associated with the 1970s than with modern medicine).
Differential diagnosis
Infections: urinary tract infection, candidiasis, herpes, HPV
Inflammation: lichen planus
Neoplasm: Paget's disease, vulvar carcinoma
Neurologic disorder: neuralgia secondary to herpes virus, spinal nerve injury
Treatment
There are a number of possible treatments with none being uniformly effective. Treatments include:
Lifestyle
A number of lifestyle changes are often recommended such as using cotton underwear, not using substances that may irritate the area, and using lubricant during sex. The use of alternative medicine has not been sufficiently studied to make recommendations.
Counseling
Education and accurate information about vestibulodynia: Gynaecologist-led educational seminars delivered in a group format have a significant positive impact on psychological symptoms and sexual functioning in women who have provoked (caused by a stimulus such as touch or sexual activity) vestibulodynia. Provoked vestibulodynia, whilst similar in some respects, is different to vulvodynia which this article refers to.
Biofeedback, physical therapy and relaxation: Biofeedback, often done by physical therapists, involves inserting a vaginal sensor to get a sense of the strength of the muscles and help a patient get greater control of their muscles to feel the difference between contraction and relaxation. Sessions are linked with at-home recommendations including often Kegel exercises (e.g., hold for 9 seconds, relax for 30 seconds, for 10–15 sets), and relaxation.
Medications
A number of medications have been used to treat vulvodynia. Evidence to support their use, however, is often poor. These include creams and ointments containing lidocaine, estrogen or tricyclic antidepressants. Antidepressants and anticonvulsants in pill form are sometimes tried but have been poorly studied. Injectable medications included steroids and botulinum toxin have been tried with limited success.
Surgery
Vestibulectomy, during which the nerve fibers to the area are cut out, may be recommended if other treatments have not been found to be effective. There have been no high quality studies looking at surgery as a treatment. While improvement has been noted in 60% to 90%, those who were treated without surgery improved in 40 to 80% of cases.
Epidemiology
The percentage of women affected is not entirely clear, but estimates range as high as 16%. Many other conditions that are not truly vulvodynia (diagnosis is made by ruling out other causes of vulvar pain) could be confused with it. Vulvar pain is a quite frequent complaint in women's health clinics. Vulvodynia is a new term in the medical literature.
References
External links
Chronic pain syndromes
Gynaecologic disorders
Neurocutaneous conditions
Pain
Wayne Norman Phillips (born 7 November 1962) is a former Australian cricketer. A right-handed batsman they played first-class cricket for Victoria from 1988 to 1994. They have a single Test cap for the match against India at Perth in February 1992.
Relatively short in stature, Phillips was a gritty, persistent customer at the batting crease in contrast to some of the more expansive players emerging who would ultimately succeed them in the Australian team. A courageous player against pace bowling, Phillips batted in the top order, usually opening.
Following a successful season for South Melbourne Cricket Club in 1987/88 in which they won the Ryder Medal and some strong form for the Victorian 2nd XI, Phillips made their first class debut for Victoria against the touring West Indians. Batting at number four they showed their prowess against a strong pace bowling attack comprising Patrick Patterson, Ian Bishop and Winston Benjamin to score 111.
Another century followed against the touring Sri Lankans in 1989/90, however in the Sheffield Shield the Victorian team again struggled, finishing last for the second consecutive year. Phillips briefly found their way out of the side part way through the following season but was soon restored to a revitalised Victorian line up which topped the table and thus hosted the final at the MCG. Set 239 to win a tense, low scoring encounter against New South Wales, Phillips, opening the batting saw two quick wickets fall but in one of their finest innings combined with Jamie Siddons to take Victoria to the title without further loss. Phillips' contribution: a brave, undefeated 91 from 254 balls.
Such a fine knock under pressure combined with an early season century against South Australia in 1991/92 saw Phillips selected for an Australian XI side to play a first-class match against the touring West Indians. Opening with David Boon, they scored 51 as the Australian XI won by an innings. With Australian vice-captain Geoff Marsh struggling for form in the Test series against India, Phillips was selected for the fifth Test match in their place. Captain Allan Border was furious with the decision to axe their deputy and that the Test was to be played at Marsh's home ground of the WACA only added to the drama. Ultimately Phillips scored 8 and 14 in a big Australian win. Though it was more than their opening partner Mark Taylor, they never played another Test match.
Nevertheless, Phillips continued scoring runs for Victoria, their highest score – a marathon 205 from 495 balls – followed in early 1992/93 against New South Wales, and ensured they were again selected for the annual "Australian XI" match where they opened with Matthew Hayden. By this time the likes of Hayden, Michael Slater and Justin Langer were emerging and Phillips was never seriously considered for further Australian duty. During their final season for Victoria of 1993/94 Phillips added two further centuries and also captained the side for a couple of matches. They subsequently continued to represent South Melbourne with distinction for several years.
References
External links
Wayne N. Phillips at Cricket Victoria
1962 births
Living people
Australia Test cricketers
Victoria cricketers
Australian cricketers
South Melbourne cricketers
Cricketers from Geelong
Henblas is an area in the community of Llangristiolus, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 130.7 miles (210.3 km) from Cardiff and 214.6 miles (345.3 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Llangristiolus
The Chandler wobble or Chandler variation of latitude is a small deviation in the Earth's axis of rotation relative to the solid earth, which was discovered by and named after American astronomer Seth Carlo Chandler in 1891. It amounts to change of about in the point at which the axis intersects the Earth's surface and has a period of 433 days. This wobble, which is an astronomical nutation, combines with another wobble with a period of one year, so that the total polar motion varies with a period of about 7 years.
The Chandler wobble is an example of the kind of motion that can occur for a freely rotating object that is not a sphere; this is called a free nutation. Somewhat confusingly, the direction of the Earth's rotation axis relative to the stars also varies with different periods, and these motions—caused by the tidal forces of the Moon and Sun—are also called nutations, except for the slowest, which are precessions of the equinoxes.
Predictions
The existence of Earth's free nutation was predicted by Isaac Newton in Corollaries 20 to 22 of Proposition 66, Book 1 of the Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica, and by Leonhard Euler in 1765 as part of their studies of the dynamics of rotating bodies. Based on the known ellipticity of the Earth, Euler predicted that it would have a period of 305 days. Several astronomers searched for motions with this period, but none was found. Chandler's contribution was to look for motions at any possible period; once the Chandler wobble was observed, the difference between its period and the one predicted by Euler was explained by Simon Newcomb as being caused by the non-rigidity of the Earth. The full explanation for the period also involves the fluid nature of the Earth's core and oceans—the wobble, in fact, produces a very small ocean tide with an amplitude of approximately , called a pole tide, which is the only tide not caused by an extraterrestrial body. Despite the small amplitude, the gravitational effect of the pole tide is easily detected by the superconducting gravimeter.
Measurement
The International Latitude Observatories were established in 1899 to measure the wobble as observed in latitude determinations. These provided data on the Chandler and annual wobble for most of the 20th century, though they were eventually superseded by other methods of measurement. Monitoring of the polar motion is now done by the International Earth Rotation Service (IERS).
The wobble's amplitude has varied since its discovery, reaching its largest size in 1910 and fluctuating noticeably from one decade to another. In 2009, Malkin & Miller's analysis of IERS Pole coordinates time series data from January 1946 to January 2009 showed three phase reversals of the wobble, in 1850, 1920, and 2005.
Hypotheses
Since the Earth is not a rigid body, the Chandler wobble should die down with a time constant of about 68 years, a very short period compared to geological timescales. The processes that continually re-excite the wobble are of interest to geophysicists. While it must be due to changes in the mass distribution or angular momentum of the Earth's outer core, atmosphere, oceans, or crust (from earthquakes), for a long time the actual source was unclear, since no available motions seemed to be coherent with what was driving the wobble.
An investigation was done in 2001 by Richard Gross at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory managed by the California Institute of Technology. They used angular momentum models of the atmosphere and the oceans in computer simulations to show that from 1985 to 1996, the Chandler wobble was excited by a combination of atmospheric and oceanic processes, with the dominant excitation mechanism being ocean‐bottom pressure fluctuations. Gross found that two-thirds of the "wobble" was caused by fluctuating pressure on the seabed, which, in turn, is caused by changes in the circulation of the oceans caused by variations in temperature, salinity, and wind. The remaining third is due to atmospheric pressure fluctuations.
Chandler wobble of Mars
Using radio tracking observations of the Mars Odyssey, Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter and the Mars Global Surveyor spacecraft, the Chandler wobble of Mars has been detected. It is the first time it has been detected on a planetary body other than the Earth. The amplitude is 10 cm, the period is 206.9 ± 0.5 days and it is in a nearly circular counterclockwise direction as viewed from the North Pole.
See also
Milankovitch cycles
United States Naval Observatory
References
Further reading
Carter, B. and M. S. Carter, 2003, "Latitude, How American Astronomers Solved the Mystery of Variation," Naval Institute Press, Annapolis.
Lambeck, Kurt, 1980, The Earth's Variable Rotation: Geophysical Causes and Consequences (Cambridge Monographs on Mechanics), Cambridge University Press, London.
Munk, W. H. and MacDonald, G. J. F., 1960, The Rotation of the Earth, Cambridge University Press, London.
Moritz, H. and I.I. Mueller, 1987, Earth Rotation: Theory and Observation, Continuum International Publishing Group, London.
External links
Mystery of wobbly Earth solved, July 19, 2000
Free Precession of Earth
Geodesy
J.J. Holland Park is a large multi-use park in the Melbourne suburb of Kensington. It is named after John Joseph Holland (1877–1955), who was the Member of the Legislative Assembly for Flemington for over 30 years from 1925.
The park is freehold land owned by the City of Melbourne, covers approximately 10 hectares, and is triangular shaped.
Parks in Melbourne
Thiruneelakandar is 1972 Indian Tamil-language biographical film, directed by C P Jambulingam and produced by K. Selvaraj. The film script and lyrics were written by Kannadasan and Panchu Arunachalam. Music was by C. N. Pandurangan. It stars T. R. Mahalingam playing the title role of Tirunilakanta Nayanar, with Sowcar Janaki, R. S. Manohar, M. Bhanumathi and Gandhimathi in supporting roles. It was released on 3 June 1972.
Plot
Cast
T. R. Mahalingam as Ambalavaanar/Thiruneelakandar
Sowcar Janaki as Neelavathy
R. S. Manohar as Lord Shiva
M. Bhanumathi as Kalavathy
Gandhimathi as Sinthamani
Suruli Rajan as Murugan
Pushpamala as Valli
A. Veerappan as Singaram
S. D. Subbulakshmi as Woman Saint
Usilaimani as Chinna Paiya
Soundtrack
Music was composed by C. N. Pandurangan and lyrics were written by Kannadasan and Panju Arunachalam.
References
External links
1970s biographical films
1970s musical films
1970s Tamil-language films
1972 films
Films about Hinduism
Films about royalty
Hindu devotional films
Hindu mythological films
Indian biographical films
Indian black-and-white films
Indian epic films
Indian films based on actual events
Indian musical films
Religious epic films
Torkjell Berulfsen (born 20 January 1943) is a Norwegian television personality.
 They are the son of the linguist Bjarne Berulfsen. They took their education at the University of Oslo, graduating in the English language. They worked at the University College of London from 1967 to 1968, and was later an editor of a Norwegian-English dictionary. They started working for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation in 1971, and has presented many television and radio shows. They won Gullruten awards in 2002 and 2007.
References
1943 births
Living people
Norwegian television presenters
NRK people
Norwegian philologists
University of Oslo alumni
People associated with University College London
Najac is a railway station in Najac, Occitanie, France, on the Brive–Toulouse (via Capdenac) line. It is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train services
These services currently call at Najac:
Local service (TER Occitanie) Toulouse–Figeac–Aurillac
References
Railway stations in Aveyron
Guadeloupe Women's National Football Team is the national team of Guadeloupe. They have only played in very few matches.
History
In 1985, almost no country in the world had a women's national football team. The team did not play in any notable matches in 2008. Guadeloupe women's national football team participated in the 2000 Caribbean Women's Championships. In the first game at home on 30 April, they beat Martinique 3–0. On the return leg in Martinique on 21 May, they lost 1–5.
Background
Ligue Guadeloupéenne de Football is the sport's governing association in the country but they are associated with Fédération Française de Football. In 2008, 28.7% of the sport participants in the country were women.
References
External links
Official website
Caribbean women's national association football teams
women
Robat-e Olya (, also Romanized as Robāţ-e ‘Olyā and Robāt Olyā) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District, Kamareh District, Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 67, in 14 families.
References
Populated places in Khomeyn County
The eastern mourning skink (Lissolepis coventryi), also known commonly as Coventry's spinytail skink and the swamp skink, is a species of lizard in the family Scincidae. The species is endemic to Australia.
Etymology
The specific name, coventryi, is in honor of Australian herpetologist Albert John Coventry.
Geographic range
L. coventryi is found in the Australian states of South Australia, Victoria, and possibly New South Wales.
Habitat
The preferred natural habitat of L. coventryi is freshwater wetlands such as marshes and swamps.
Description
L. coventryi has an average snout-to-vent length (SVL) of , with a long tail, which is almost one and a half times SVL.
Reproduction
L. coventryi is viviparous.
References
Further reading
Cogger HG (2014). Reptiles and Amphibians of Australia, Seventh Edition. Clayton, Victoria, Australia: CSIRO Publishing. xxx + 1,033 pp. .
Storr GM (1978). "The genus Egernia (Lacertilia, Scincidae) in Western Australia". Records of the Western Australian Museum 6 (2): 147–187. (Egernia coventryi, new species, pp. 175–177, Plate 1).
Wilson S, Swan G (2013). A Complete Guide to Reptiles of Australia, Fourth Edition. Sydney: New Holland Publishers. 522 pp. .
Skinks of Australia
Endemic fauna of Australia
Taxa named by Glen Milton Storr
Reptiles described in 1978
Lissolepis
Pelican Cays Land and Sea Park is a national park in Central Abaco, the Abaco Islands, the Bahamas. The park was established in 1972 and has an area of . The park's marine environment contains an extensive coral reef and undersea cave habitat, which provide opportunities for snorkelling and underwater diving.
Flora and fauna
Over 170 species of plants and animals have been documented within the park's land and sea areas, including loggerhead and green sea turtles, bottlenose dolphins, and nesting bridled terns.
References
National parks of the Bahamas
Abaco Islands
"Diamond Lights" is a 1987 single by footballers Glenn Hoddle and Chris Waddle, released under their first names, "Glenn & Chris". The song, by the then-Tottenham Hotspur and England teammates, reached number 12 in the UK Singles Chart in May 1987 and was by far the more successful of two chart releases for the duo. Despite its success, public opinion of the record's quality has been decidedly negative with the pair's television performance of the song being widely ridiculed.
Background
Chris Waddle recalls the single coming about following an appearance two of them made for their personal sponsors, Budget Rent a Car, at an annual company awards ceremony. Hoddle and Waddle attempted an impromptu karaoke performance which was praised by a friend with connections in the music industry who was able to introduce the duo to Bob Puzey. Puzey, whose writing credits included "I'm In the Mood for Dancing" by The Nolan Sisters and "Wanted" by The Dooleys, auditioned the pair and agreed to write and co-produce a single for them. The "diamond lights" of the title refer to the songwriter's wife's eyes.
Release
Written by Bob Puzey and co-produced by Puzey and Terry Hobart, "Diamond Lights" debuted in the UK Singles Chart at number 30 on 18 April 1987. It spent 8 weeks in the chart, climbing to a peak position of 12 on 2 May.
Television performance
The duo's live performance of the song on the widely watched music programme Top of the Pops is often referred to as one of popular music's most embarrassing moments. One journalist described it as "... truly awful dad dancing and shocking lyrics" while another opined, "A timeless classic for all the wrong reasons ... You get the feeling that Waddle was rightly embarrassed to be there while Hoddle genuinely felt they were at the start of something big." Chris Waddle later remembered the Top of the Pops performance as "the most nerve-racking thing [he'd] ever done" and stated that the duo had to appear on the programme in person as the producers had refused to air the accompanying music video because "[it] was so bad." In contrast, Hoddle recalled the appearance in a positive light, referred to it as "One of the greatest things I ever did ... I'm glad I did it and I learnt a lot from it."
Follow-up single and legacy
Glenn & Chris recorded and shot the music video for a follow-up single entitled "It's Goodbye" but promotion for the release was hampered by Hoddle's transfer to AS Monaco and the song subsequently only reached 92 in the British chart. Waddle later recorded a song titled "We've Got A Feeling" with Olympique de Marseille teammate Basile Boli which they claim topped the Albanian music charts. The success of "Diamond Lights" inspired another Tottenham and England midfielder, Paul Gascoigne, to release their own single, "Fog on the Tyne (Revisited)" in 1990.
"Diamond Lights" is still remembered with amusement for its perceived kitsch, and has featured prominently in popular polls to discover the worst pop song ever. Football writer Luke Ginnell described it as "an angsty synth-pop cringefest of a tune" and "a heinous and unforgivable crime against the ear". When interviewing Hoddle for the position of manager of the England national team, FA chief executive Graham Kelly reportedly asked him, "Any skeletons in the closet?" before quipping, "apart from that record with Chris Waddle?"
Track listing
7": Record Shack Records / KICK 1 (UK)
"Diamond Lights"
"Diamond Lights" (instrumental)
Charts
Weekly charts
References
External links
When Glenn Hoddle and Chris Waddle became pop stars (video) at the BBC website
1987 singles
British synth-pop songs
Football songs and chants
is a 1995 vertically scrolling dōjin shoot 'em up video game developed and originally published by Koichi "Famibe No Yosshin" Yoshida at Comiket for the X68000. Taking place in a ring structure, players take control of the Zanki space fighter craft to fight against an assortment of enemies and bosses.
Cho Ren Sha 68K was first made for the X68000 due to its popularity in the dōjin and freeware development scenes, being influenced by several shoot 'em up games in arcades that also played part with its design process. The game was later ported to Microsoft Windows in 2001, featuring various changes compared to its original release. The title was met with mostly positive reception from reviewers for its presentation, graphics, music and gameplay; criticism was geared towards various design choices but has since gained a cult following, serving as an influence for ZeroRanger (2018).
Gameplay
Cho Ren Sha 68K is a vertically scrolling shoot 'em up game in which players take control of the Zanki space fighter craft to fight against enemies and bosses on a ring station. The game features a loop system where players start at the beginning of first stage after defeating the last stage boss, with each loop increasing in difficulty and enemies spawning extra bullets when destroyed. The title has multiple adjustable settings on the configuration menu, however more options can be accessed by pressing and holding up at the configuration screen.
A notable aspect of the game is the power-up system: There are three types of items to collect by destroying an enemy carrier, ranging from "Power-up!" (which increases the ship's firepower up to four times), "Bomber" (which grants players another screen-clearing bomb that can be stocked up to five) and "Shield", which gives players an extra hit and if the ship gets hit by an enemy bullet, it emits a small shockwave that clears the screen of both enemy bullets and weaker enemies. When an enemy carrier is destroyed, the power-up icons appear in a ring formation and if the players takes one of the three, the others will disappear but all three power-up items can be obtained by staying on the center of the ring for a period of time.
Another notable aspect is the scoring system, which is based on how close players destroy enemies. Once the ship is powered up, items will only give points until the ship is destroyed. Depending on the number of lives, bombs and having an active shield, players receive a determined score at the end of each stage. When players reaches one million points, the shield power-up is replaced by a 1UP icon instead. Players have the option of either collecting the 1UP item or risk to stay within the ring formation to grab all three items at the same time, however losing the 1UP item means it will not appear again unless another one million point thresholds is reached to get another opportunity.
Development
Cho Ren Sha 68K was first developed for the X68000 by Koichi "Famibe No Yosshin" Yoshida, who previously worked with Family BASIC to develop two shooter games titled Zacner (1989) and Zacner II (1993), late during the commercial life span of the computer as guide books about its hardware galvanized the platform in both dōjin soft and freeware scenes. Yoshida stated on their personal website detailing development of the project that it was influenced by several shoot 'em up games in arcades such as Batsugun, Tatsujin Ō and Battle Garegga, among others that also played part with its design process. When balancing the player's firepower, the player shot appears four times more powerful that the initial state, however the damage delivered is "only 1.375 times greater" as quadrupling damage output would break the game if it matched the appearance of the maxed power shot, with Yoshida stating they learned deliberate fine-tuning from Toaplan titles. The fixed width of the player's shot was borrowed from Star Force, however issues arrived when making said shot look more modern before reaching a compromise.
Yoshida wanted to recreate a technique in older shoot 'em up games dubbed "point-blank", where more damage is dealt to enemies upclose as result of various mechanics and wanted a game balance reminiscent of Star Force but said mechanics went against what they planned for Cho Ren Sha 68K, deciding to reduce the size of enemy collision hitboxes constantly that ultimately let to redrawing certain enemies to adjust with their hitboxes. Yoshida also decided to adjust firing accuracy depending on circumstances and cited various titles like Flying Shark, Parodious Da!, and V・V as examples where enemies had low-accuracy aiming. Yoshida wanted to use manual fire mechanics instead of autofire as well, stating that manual fire mechanics were "on the verge of dying out" but decided to implement a semi-autofire feature. Due to hardware limitations with the X68000, multiple sound effects could not be played simultaneously and the main goals Yoshida wanted in their design concept was to evoke a fun sense of destruction and make shooting exciting, prioritizing sound design in a specific order.
Cho Ren Sha 68K was mainly written in C language but Yoshida claimed Assembler language was also used in certain points to increase execution speed. Yoshida also wrote a sprite driver called "XSP", which used a programming technique that increased the number of sprites onscreen, as well as developing a programming trick to overcome the X68000's PCG definition limit. Yoshida released their "XSP" sprite driver publicly at the Kusa no Ne BBS system, a community where game development information was exchanged and they received feedback for the development of their project. The soundtrack was composed by Ruzarin "Loser" Kashiwagi, who worked at a fast pace and wrote songs for the game in days. Kashiwagi had previously written original songs for the X68000 during their high school years before meeting Yoshida via a networking system in Japan and took the task of creating music for the project. When composing for the title, Kashiwagi was influenced by both Battle Garegga and Viewpoint, stating that they made their "own Eurobeat" for the first stage.
Release
Cho Ren Sha 68K was first released by Famibe No Yosshin as dōjin soft for the X68000 at the 1995 Comiket. On 14 August 1998, an album containing music from the title was published in Japan by Denkai Laboratory, featuring an arranged soundtrack by various composers. Several other albums with music from the game have also been released through services such as Bandcamp.
On 12 September 2001, Cho Ren Sha 68K was later ported to Microsoft Windows as freeware. This version runs at a fixed resolution of 640x480, using 256x256 internally. The original X68000 version ran at 55 frames per second, while the Windows port runs at 60 frames per second instead, increasing the difficulty by 9%. As the original Windows release was intended for Windows 98, playing it on modern hardware exhibits sound issues, which meant that running the game on newer hardware required changing compatibility settings. An updated version of the Windows port was released in August 2005, adding a hard difficulty and fixing various software bugs from the original release. In 2006, the game made a brief appearance in Game Ones French TV documentary Japon: Histoire du Shooting Game. A new updated version of the Windows port was released in May 2017, adding support for Windows 10 while fixing minimal bugs and technical issues.
Reception and legacy
Cho Ren Sha 68K has been received with mostly positive reception from reviewers since its release on the X68000 and later on Microsoft Windows. Masaho Saito of Japanese website Windows Forest gave it a positive outlook. Evil Boris of GameHippo.com praised its presentation, graphics and fast-paced gameplay but felt that the sound was above average. Dominik Wetter of Freegame.cz also gave praise to the gameplay but criticized the need of constantly pressing the fire button. Likewise, Sven Ruthner of Retro Gamer CD gave positive remarks to the graphics, Kashiwagi's music, sound design and gameplay mechanics. John Szczepaniak of Retro Gamer regarded the X68000 original as one of the system's "perfect three" games.
David Borrachero and Zed of Spanish magazine RetroManiac noted its visuals as reminiscent of early Toaplan titles, music, frenetism and difficulty level. Remy Bastien of Atomix praised its intense action, sprite work and music but criticized the repeating backgrounds. Nevertheless, Bastien regarded Cho Ren Sha 68K as a cult title. In contrast, Hrej.cz gave the title a more mixed outlook, stating that "Cho Ren Sha 68K brings almost nothing we wouldn't see anywhere else. And that's a really big shame. Lovers of the genre could still be pleased with everything, even if it is only a slightly above-average shoot-up". VentureBeats Stan Evans gave the X68000 original a positive retrospective outlook, stating that the game is fun. Maciej Miszczyk of Hardcore Gaming 101 praised its level design, music and gameplay, stating that it has a place among classics of shoot 'em up genre. In a brief outlook, James Cunningham of Hardcore Gamer stated that "Cho Ren Sha 68K may not be the fanciest shooter out there but it nails that classic feel and is one great encounter after another, so it's well worth taking a trip back to 2001 and checking out one of the greats".
In July 2015, a homebrew conversion of the game for the Atari Falcon was released by Sascha Springer, featuring various changes compared to the original X68000 release. In 2016, a reworked port of the title for the Super Cassette Vision was announced by M2 programmer Takashi "Faw.Labo" Yamashita. System Erasure have cited the game as an influence when developing ZeroRanger. Rival Megagun creator Justin Rempel claimed in a 2018 interview with Japanese website 4Gamer.net that Cho Ren Sha 68K is the shooting game they admire the most.
Notes
References
External links
Cho Ren Sha 68K at GameFAQs
Cho Ren Sha 68K at MobyGames
1995 video games
Doujin video games
Freeware games
Sharp X68000 games
Vertically scrolling shooters
Video games developed in Japan
Video games scored by Ruzarin Kashiwagi
Windows games
Yamaguchi Choseichi is a rockfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 1.4 km2. The dam impounds about 26 ha of land when full and can store 4000 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1986 and completed in 1998.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1998 establishments in Japan
Mads Eriksen (born 15 July 1977) is a Norwegian cartoonist, best known for the comic strips M and Gnom.
Biography
Eriksen was born in Malvik. Their career in comics began in 2000, when their first comic strip, Gnom, was accepted into Smult, a magazine dedicated to promoting promising Norwegian cartoonists. Gnom quickly became popular but when Bladkompaniet ceased publication of Smult, Eriksen abandoned Gnom and began their new series, M as a guest strip in the monthly magazine Pondus. The initial of Mads, M is a semi-auto-biographical, surrealistic strip featuring themselves and their girlfriend, "Madammen" (English: The Madam). In 2002, M began daily publication in Dagbladet, initially on a "guest" basis, until the strip became a permanent fixture, causing Hägar the Horrible to be removed from the newspaper's comics section.
In 2005 Bladkompaniet published an album containing the complete Gnom, and M got its own dedicated magazine in December 2006 when Schibstedforlagene published the first M magazine, with a new issue once a month. M strips are published six times a week, Monday through Saturday, in the newspapers Dagbladet and Adresseavisen, and subsequently appear on the internet portal start.no. In the summer of 2008, Eriksen stopped producing comic strips, citing the pressure of deadlines and illness as the reason. They told the newspaper Dagens Næringsliv in September 2009 that they had started drawing again.
Mads Eriksen currently lives in Trondheim. A self-declared geek, they are a big fan of several popular cultural phenomena, especially Star Wars.
With a comeback in Pondus # 10/21 in november 2021, Mads Eriksen has started to draw cartoons once again after their burnout in early 2010s.
Awards
2002: Raptus debutantprisen
2003: Dagbladets seriekonkurranse
Sources
M albums M book, M magazine Schibsted
https://archive.today/RSlrf Archive link to https://serienett.no/aktuelt/mads-eriksen/
Footnotes
External links
1977 births
Living people
People from Malvik
Comic strip cartoonists
Norwegian cartoonists
Norwegian comics writers
Norwegian comics artists
is a Japanese television tarento and news anchor.  They are a Visiting Professor of the Graduate Institute for Entrepreneurial Studies.  They are represented by Sankei.
Biography
They were born in Itoigawa, Niigata. They graduated from Niigata High School and Tokyo Woman's Christian University Faculty of Literature English and American literature.  They are also from the Graduate Institute for Entrepreneurial Studies. Former announcer Chika Watanabe, belonging to Nagoya Broadcasting Network, was their classmate at Tokyo Women's University.
In 1989, while they were in college, they appeared as a reporter at TBS's Sunday Morning. After working as a broadcaster for widely viewed programs such as Super Morning and Best Time, they studied at Fordham University in New York City for one year in 2002. While serving as a visiting professor at the Graduate School of Business Creation in 2010, they have served as "Ambassador of Itoigawa Geopark" together with members of the MEXT "Committee on Research and Development in Nuclear Power" committee, Shunichi Kawai and Masaru Nagai. In addition to this, they also appeared at lectures and symposia.
Current appearance programmes
Former appearances
Advertisement appearances
References
External links
(August 2010 – )
Japanese television journalists
People from Niigata Prefecture
1967 births
Living people
Edith Meiser (May 9, 1898 – September 26, 1993) was an American author and actor, who wrote mystery novels, stage plays, and numerous radio dramas.  They are perhaps best known for bringing adaptations of Sherlock Holmes stories to radio in the 1930s.
Meiser had been a member of the Actors Equity board of governors as well as the chairperson of the Equity Library Theater.
Early life
Born in Detroit, Meiser studied at the Liggett School, Kox Schule in Dresden, Germany, and the Ecole de la Cour de St. Pierre in Geneva, Switzerland before eventually attending Vassar College.
Acting career
At Vassar, Meiser began performing with the college drama society appearing in such plays as L'Aiglon, Jezebel and Punishment the last of which they authored herself.
After graduating from college, Meiser began performing with such groups as the American Shakespeare Festival, The Theater Guild, Edward Albee's vaudeville circuit, and Jessie Bonstelle's Summer Stock Company before making their Broadway debut in 1923 in The New Way. They went on to appear in over 20 Broadway shows, including Fata Morgana, The Guardsman, Garrick Gaieties, Sabrina Fair and the 1960 production of The Unsinkable Molly Brown.
Meiser also appeared in films such as Middle of the Night, It Grows on Trees and Queen for a Day.
Writing career
Meiser authored many radio scripts including Helen Hayes's first radio serial, The New Penny.
Sherlock Holmes
At age fifteen, Meiser traveled to Europe on the SS Bremen. The ship's purser provided Meiser with a copy of a Sherlock Holmes book which sparked their interest in the character.
Year later, Meiser and then-husband Tom McKnight made the leap from writing for the stage to writing for radio. After forming a company and finding some success in radio, Mesier decided that Sherlock Holmes would make for a very good radio program but they were unable to interest NBC in a series unless they found themselves a sponsor. It took more than a year for Meiser to interest a sponsor in the idea. George C. L. Washington, inventor of the first instant coffee, and also a Holmesian, agreed to sponsor the series which became The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes.
The premiere episode featured an adaptation of "The Adventure of the Speckled Band" on October 20, 1930 and starred William Gillette as Sherlock Holmes and Leigh Lovell as Dr Watson. Further episodes featured Richard Gordon in the role of Holmes until 1933 and Louis Hector from 1934 to 1935 with Richard Gordon again taking over for the last season in 1936.
All episodes were adapted or devised by Meiser and at the end of the first season a survey of American radio editors found that 94% said The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was the best radio program.
In 1935, Meiser authored a radio adaptation of Gillette's play, Sherlock Holmes. Gillette returned to the role opposite Reginald Mason as Dr Watson.
Three years after the end of The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, the success of the Rathbone/Bruce Sherlock Holmes film series prompted Meiser to begin adapting and authoring stories for The New Adventures of Sherlock Holmes starring Basil Rathbone as Sherlock Holmes and Nigel Bruce as Dr Watson. From 1939 until 1943, all episodes were written by Meiser. Meiser left the show after disagreements with a sponsor over the amount of violence in the program.
Beginning in 1953, Meiser with co-writer Frank Giacoia authored a comic strip series of Sherlock Holmes adventures for the New York Herald Tribune Syndicate.
Later life
In 1987, University of Minnesota Libraries purchased the "Edith Meiser Collection" which consisted of original scripts, tapes, and other material.
In 1991 at age 93, Meiser was invested as a member of The Baker Street Irregulars for their work in maintaining interest in Sherlock Holmes throughout their career.
Death
Meiser died at age 95 in Roosevelt Hospital.
References
Sources
External links
Edith Meiser at British Film Institute
Edith Meiser papers, 1902–1985, held by the Billy Rose Theatre Division, New York Public Library for the Performing Arts
The Edith Meiser Collection at the University of Minnesota Libraries
Sketches of Meiser by Al Hirschfeld
American stage actores
American mystery writers
20th-century American novelists
American radio writers
Women radio writers
1993 deaths
1898 births
20th-century American women writers
American film actores
20th-century American actores
Women mystery writers
Writers from Detroit
Actresses from Detroit
Vassar College alumni
The Powell Main Post Office in Powell, Wyoming was built in 1937 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Powell was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.
The post office contains the mural, Powell's Agriculture Resulting from the Shoshine Irrigation Project by Verona Burkhard, painted in 1938 and funded by the Section of Painting and Sculpture.
References
External links
at the National Park Service's NRHP database
Powell Main Post Office at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Government buildings completed in 1937
Buildings and structures in Park County, Wyoming
Post office buildings in Wyoming
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Powell, Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Park County, Wyoming
Norman Cross (August 16, 1910 – April 25, 1982) was an American Negro league pitcher in the 1930s.
A native of New Orleans, Louisiana, Cross pitched in several seasons for the Chicago American Giants between 1932 and 1937. They died in Chicago, Illinois in 1982 at age 71.
References
External links
and Baseball-Reference Black Baseball stats and Seamheads
1910 births
1982 deaths
Chicago American Giants players
Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from New Orleans
20th-century African-American sportspeople
How to Make a Bird by Australian author Martine Murray is a 2003 children's novel which centres on a young adolescent girl called Mannie. Mannie has faced a myriad of losses and challenges throughout their short life. Little by little they begin to make them question their identity. In order to escape their insecurities about who they are, Mannie decides to embark on a journey of self-discovery, enlightenment and acceptance. The book was the winner of the Queensland Premier's Literary Awards Young Adult award in 2004,
Themes
How to Make a Bird deals with many themes; however, the most prominent are those of loss, family breakdown, love, acceptance and identity.
Loss
Loss is explored thoroughly in the story of birds and dogs as well as cats and is most evident when Mannie loses a family member in a car accident.
Family breakdown
This theme is apparent during the entire book as Mannie's family is slowly reduced one family member at a time until they are only left with their grief-stricken father.
Love
The theme of love is conveyed effectively when Mannie experiences their first romance with a boy. We see the impact this has on their life and challenges which follow the commencement of this relationship.
Acceptance
During the novel Mannie faces a series of losses which they struggle to accept. After running away they make several discoveries about not only themselves but their family which allow them to finally accept their family member's death and absence from their life.
Setting
How to Make a Bird is set in a variety of locations. One of the primary places in which the story takes place is a small country town somewhere near Castlemaine and Harcourt in Victoria. It is in this town that Mannie grows up and faces various hardships. The other main setting is Melbourne. This is where Mannie goes when they run away.
References
External links
Author's blog, with a "Behind the Story"
Publisher's teachers notes
2003 novels
Australian children's novels
Novels set in Victoria (Australia)
2003 children's books
Severn was launched in Chepstow in 1817. Them crew abandoned them in the Baltic on 28 November 1825.
Career
Severn first appeared in Lloyd's Register (LR) in 1818 with Williams, master, Pephorne, owner, and trade London.
Fate
On 1 December 1825 brought to Danzig the crew of Severn, Wilkinson, master, of and for Chepstow, from Memel. Them crew had abandoned Severn on 28 November after they had become waterlogged; one man had been lost.
On 7 December Roselle was driven ashore and wrecked on Bornholm, Denmark. In late 1825 or early 1826, , Armstrong, master rescued part of Rosellas crew and the members of Severns crew aboard Rosella. Emperor Alexander had great difficulty rescuing the crews, having to use ropes to haul them individually to shore over the rocks. They rescued eight members of Rosellas crew; the other 12 chose to remain on Bornholm to take care of the wreck and to await another vessel that might bring them home. Off Flamborough Head, Emperor Alexander encountered the brig Henry and William, of Aberdeen, Allan, master and transferred the rescued men to them Henry and William delivered them to Aberdeen on 17 January 1826.
Some fishermen recovered Severn and brought them into port near Carlscrona where the British Consul took possession. They were sold for £130. Nothing had yet been decided concerning the sale of their cargo, sails, rigging, etc.
Citations
1817 ships
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Maritime incidents in December 1825
The Research Organization for Health (, OR Kesehatan) is one of Research Organizations under the umbrella of the National Research and Innovation Agency (, BRIN). The organization is transformation of National Institute of Health Research and Development (, Balitbangkes) of Ministry of Health (, Kemenkes).
On 24 January 2022, it is announced that the organization extended with fusion of elements from Eijkman Molecular Biology Research Center, and Indonesian Research Center for Veterinary Sciences from Ministry of Agriculture. OR Kesehatan formation is finalized on 1 March 2022 and is functional since 4 March 2022.
History
In response of formation of National Research and Innovation Agency as independent agency under the President of Indonesia, the Ministry of Health rearranged their research and development activities which had been organized thru its Balitbangkes. In the plan, Balitbangkes will be transformed into Agency for Health Policies Development (, BKPK), a regulatory agency intended to provide only policies and standards making for state health activity, no longer doing research as the research part will be relinquished to BRIN.
On 7 November 2021, the Ministry issued order to Balitbangkes and its child agencies to halt their activities per 31 December 2021 as unit under auspices of Ministry of Health, effectively started the dismantlement of Balitbangkes. In the order, Balitbangkes will split into three parts: one part (which is the most) relinquished to BRIN, one part to become BKPK, and the rest of the Balitbangkes part in regional level will be relinquished to local government where the Balitbangkes branch formerly existed for being transformed into local-government run public health laboratories for being integrated as part of state public health laboratories system.
In 30 November 2021, BRIN announced that ORKG (tentative name of the future OR Kesehatan, as the organization yet to be formed formally at that time), transformation of the previously from Balitbangkes of will be activated and operated soon. On 24 January 2022, it is announced that the organization extended with Eijkman Molecular Biology Research Center and Indonesian Research Center for Veterinary Sciences from Ministry of Agriculture. It is announced that the organization expected to be formed on 1 February 2022 and named as OR Kesehatan instead of ORKG.
On 4 March 2022, OR Kesehatan is fully functional with inauguration of its first head, Ni Luh Putu Indi Dharmayanti.
Structure
The structure of OR Kesehatan is as follows:
Office of the Head of OR Kesehatan
Research Center for Biomedical Research
Research Center for Preclinical and Clinical Medicine
Research Center for Public Health and Nutrition
Research Center for Pharmaceutical Ingredients and Traditional Medicine
Research Center for Vaccine and Drug
Eijkman Research Center of Molecular Biology
Research Center for Veterinary Science
Research Groups
List of Heads
References
Science and technology in Indonesia
Research institutes in Indonesia
2022 establishments in Indonesia
National Research and Innovation Agency
The Maserati 4CL and its derived sister model the Maserati 4CLT are single-seat open-wheel Grand Prix racing cars that were designed and built by Maserati. The 4CL was introduced at the beginning of the 1939 season, as a rival to the Alfa Romeo 158 and various ERA models in the voiturette class of international Grand Prix motor racing. Although racing ceased during World War II, the 4CL was one of the front running models at the resumption of racing in the late 1940s. Experiments with two-stage supercharging and tubular chassis construction eventually led to the introduction of the revised 4CLT model in 1948. The 4CLT was steadily upgraded and updated over the following two years, resulting in the ultimate 4CLT/50 model, introduced for the inaugural year of the Formula One World Championship in 1950. In the immediate post-war period, and the first two years of the Formula One category, the 4CLT was the car of choice for many privateer entrants, leading to numerous examples being involved in most races during this period.
The 4CL
Design
In the late 1930s, continued rapid development in the increasingly competitive international voiturette class, and the introduction of the Alfa Romeo 158 and ERA B- and C-type models, forced the Maserati brothers into designing a new, square-bore, inline-4-cylinder engine. This new engine developed 30–50 bhp more than the previous inline-6, the increase mostly achieved through an increase to four valves per cylinder, coupled to the use of a more powerful supercharger and a small increase in the compression ratio. Following customary Maserati practice, the engine was mounted into a chassis design almost identical to that of the 4CL's predecessor: the Maserati 6CM. Conventional in its architecture, twin box-section spars ran the length of the car joined, ladder-fashion, by smaller cross members, although the 4CL design did incorporate more aluminium componentry than its forebear. Although near-identical in its wheelbase, the 4CL's track was a full wider than the 6CM, and sat lower thanks to repositioned spring hangers.
Enveloping this rather conservative chassis was a low, curvaceous alloy-panel body, built in-house by Maserati. Maserati also built a streamlined version of the 4CL from the outset. Continued engine development, in response to Alfa Romeo's post-war introduction of two-stage supercharging, began to expose weaknesses in the chassis design. In an attempt to improve torsional rigidity Maserati began to experiment with tubular section chassis members. These experimental models ran alongside conventional 4CLs throughout the 1947 season, and eventually led to the introduction of the 4CLT in 1948.
Race history
In the hands of Luigi Villoresi the streamliner took pole position on the 4CL's race debut at the 1939 Tripoli Grand Prix, ahead of Mercedes' brand new W165s. However, both it and two of the three conventional 4CLs entered retired early in the race with engine troubles, leaving the Silver Arrows to take the victory. Embarrassingly for the works team, following this disappointing debut the 4CL's first taste of victory came in the hands of privateer Johnnie Wakefield at the Naples Grand Prix, two races later. Through the remainder of 1939 voiturette races Wakefield took two further victories, and the works' 4CLs picked up another two, before the outbreak of war curtailed international competition. Villoresi took the 4CL to victory in the 1940 Targa Florio, but with entry restricted to Axis countries, and only Maserati fielding a factory team, the opposition was hardly world class.
On the resumption of competition in 1946 the Maserati 4CL proved the class of the field. Luigi Villoresi immediately returned to winning ways, taking victory in the first race following the cessation of hostilities: the 1946 Nice Grand Prix. Tazio Nuvolari and Giorgio Pelassa both took wins in 4CLs, but it was Raymond Sommer and their 4CL who dominated the season. 1947 would prove to be the 4CL's most successful season and, despite Alfa Romeo fielding the revamped 158 and new 308, Maserati drivers picked up 10 individual race victories.
After the replacement of the factory team's 4CLs by the new 4CLT, many examples of the older cars found their way into privateer hands. It was owing to the 4CL's popularity with privateer entrants that many were still being run in top-flight competition at the outset of the Formula One World Championship in 1950.
The 4CLT
Chassis and engine changes made to the experimental 4CLs eventually coalesced into the 4CLT, the appended T denoting its tubular chassis. The improvements in torsional rigidity that the tubular construction brought were required to counteract the increases in torque and power resulting from the twin-supercharger upgrade of the elderly inline-4 engine. Power was up to approximately , from the 4CL's 220. Other changes included the use of roller bearings for the crankshaft, forged (rather than cast) rear suspension components, and the chassis was designed to run with hydraulic dampers from the outset.
4CLT/48 Sanremo
The first variant of the 4CLT earned its "Sanremo" nickname from the first race for which it was entered: the 1948 Sanremo Grand Prix. The name stuck, as Alberto Ascari took their 4CLT to victory in its maiden race appearance. A portent of things to come, Villoresi and Reg Parnell won five of the 1948 season's remaining races. In the first year of the Formula One World Championship, a Sanremo scored what was to be the Maserati's best Championship finish, when Louis Chiron took third place at their home Grand Prix: the 1950 Monaco Grand Prix. The last 4CL variant to compete in the World Championship was a 4CLT/48 modified by the Arzani-Volpini team, that failed to even qualify for the 1955 Italian Grand Prix.
1949
For 1949, minor modifications to the brake drums, switching from vanes to slits for cooling, along with small changes to the cockpit control layout and a repositioned oil header-tank resulted in a car sometimes referred to as the 4CLT/49. It was never known as such by the factory. The Ascari/Villoresi/Parnell trio, joined by Juan Manuel Fangio and Toulo de Graffenried, took up where they had left off the previous season, winning nine of the first fifteen races of 1949, including de Graffenried's victory in the British Grand Prix. However, the second half of the season only saw three further wins, as increasingly competitive Ferrari and Talbot cars squeezed out the Maseratis in most major races.
1950–1951
1950 saw the introduction of the FIA World Championship of Drivers. In response to improvements to the Alfa 158 and the already competitive Ferrari and Talbot, Maserati again upgraded the 4CLT's engine. A multi-part crankshaft, lightened and balanced rods, a more powerful pair of superchargers and changes to the ignition timing took engine output up to a claimed . Coupled to shedding from the car's weight, this brought the Maserati up to near-Alfa levels of performance. Although moderately competitive in short runs, the final upgrades proved to be too much for the decade-old powerplant's design and the 4CLT's Grand Prix performance was hindered by engine failures. The season's only Formula One wins came in non-Championship events. Fangio won the Pau Grand Prix on the same day as Parnell took the Richmond Trophy at Goodwood. David Hampshire won the Nottingham Trophy later in the year. Fangio also won the Formula Two Ramparts Grand Prix, at Angoulême, in a 4CLT chassis fitted with an A6GCM engine. The Milano team modified a 4CLT for use in 1950 and 1951, but without success.
Also for 1951 B. Bira modified their '49-spec 4CLT to accept a more powerful, , naturally aspirated OSCA V12 engine. This engine developed around . With it Bira won the Goodwood race early in the season, but in its only World Championship appearance, at the 1951 Spanish Grand Prix, it retired on the first lap.
4CLT/50
In late 1949 a number (two or three, depending on source) of the remaining Sanremo cars were converted for use in the Temporada series Formula Libre races in Buenos Aires, Argentina, in the 1949 to 1950 summer season. This model was referred to as the 4CLT/50; although that name is sometimes also applied to the 1950-specification Formula One cars, the Temporada cars are the only ones that were referred to as such by the factory. The modifications were mostly restricted to enlargement of the engine capacity to . Despite these improvements the series was dominated by Ferrari, and following the final race the cars were shipped back to Italy and reconverted to Formula One specifications.
The Platé 4CLT
A long term campaigner of Maserati automobiles, Enrico Platé recognised the Maserati's shortcomings as a Formula One vehicle, and converted a 4CLT/48 into the Maserati-Platé 4CLT Formula Two variant. As F2 was for naturally aspirated cars, the first step was to remove the superchargers. After this, to counteract the resulting loss in performance, the compression ratio was more than doubled and capacity was upped to the class limit of . With the lower power output from the revised engine, weight was shed and handling sharpened by reducing the wheelbase.
Final race wins
De Graffenried won the Richmond Trophy, and Giuseppe Farina the Paris Grand Prix, in 1951, but with the switch to Formula Two rules for the World Championship from onwards, the old 4CLT chassis were found to be overweight and underpowered in comparison to their newer rivals. Despite having been the mainstay of top-flight racing since the end of the 1930s, the 4CL and 4CLT rapidly fell from favour, as smaller and lighter machines began to emerge from European factories still recovering from the effects of war.
Today, many 4CL and 4CLT models survive and are regularly campaigned in historic motorsport events, as well as being on static display in museums.
Complete European Championship results
(key)
Complete Formula One World Championship results
(key)
Notes
– Indicates shared drive
References
External links
Forix Post-war Pre-championship constructor history
GRAND PRIX WINNERS 1934–1949
4CL
Maserati Formula One cars
Maserati 4CL
Mali national basketball team (French: Équipe nationale de basket-ball de Mali) represents Mali in men's international basketball competitions has yet to appear in the FIBA World Championship. Their best finish at the FIBA Africa Championship was in 1972 where they ended with a bronze medal.
African Championship record
Morocco 1964 – 6th
Morocco 1968 – 4th
Senegal 1972 – 3rd
Central African Rep. 1974 – 7th
Tunisia 1987 – 4th
Angola 1989 – 4th
Egypt 1992 – 4th
Kenya 1993 – 7th
Algeria 1995 – 5th
Senegal 1997 – 6th
Angola 1999 – 4th
Morocco 2001 – 11th
Algeria 2005 – 8th
Angola 2007 – 11th
Libya 2009 – 8th
Madagascar 2011 – 9th
Côte d'Ivoire 2013 – 15th
Tunisia 2015 – 7th
Senegal/Tunisia 2017 – 9th
Rwanda 2021 – 15th
Team
Current roster
Roster for the AfroBasket 2021.
Past rosters
Team for the 2013 FIBA Africa Championship.
Head coach position
José Ruiz – 2011–2013
See also
Mali national under-19 basketball team
References
External links
FIBA profile
Basketball in Mali
Men's national basketball teams
Basketball
Kenia Arias, known mononymously as Kenia ( ), is a Puerto Rican and Dominican recording artist, lyricist, film, stage, and television actor. Since 2000, they have independently released two mixtapes, one EP and three albums. They have collaborated with various independent rap artists throughout their career. Kenia has appeared in television shows, such as USA's Graceland and Netflix's Glow.
Biography
Early life and influences
Arias are born to Jaime Arias and Mercedes E. Hernandez. Arias are raised with their older brother Jimmy Arias in Medford, Long Island, New York. Aria has three half siblings, one of which is deceased, from their father's previous marriage. Them ethnicity is Puerto Rican and Dominican.
Arias first showed interest in performing at the age of four and at the age of six decided they wanted to become a professional singer and actor. Arias are 12 when they and a neighbor formed an all-girl group entitled "The Lazers". The group recruited a third member and would perform covers of Salt n' Pepper songs for their neighbors on the block. Aria has been quoted as saying "I just felt an urgency to entertain; I wanted to put on a good show for people and make them feel happy". It was at this time Arias started their lifelong journey of taking vocal lessons. Arias are, 14 when they first performed professionally at a resort in Puerto Rico and shot their first commercial. This same year they started recording covers at a local studio on Long Island. Them first recording was Whitney Houston's "I Will Always Love You". At the age of 16 Arias began writing their own material and recording at several recording studios in Manhattan, New York. Arias grew up listening to Madonna, Mariah Carey, Wu-Tang Clan, Nas, Celia Cruz, Fania All-Stars, Groupo Mania, Janet Jackson, Selena y Los Dinos, Little Kim, Juan Luis Guerra, Alanis Morissette and many more; which have all, to some degree, inspired Arias' music. During this time Arias signed a production deal and released their first self-titled album.
While attending Patchogue-Medford High School, Arias was involved in New York State beauty pageants and was awarded the titles of "Miss Teen Long Island" and" Miss Teen Talent New York State" along with many sub-categories such as "Miss Congeniality". They were featured in many local papers pertaining to their pageant career. Arias also performed on Showtime at the Apollo, Puerto Rican Day Parade and Club New York; all before the age of 17. They earned their bachelor's degree from Florida International University in Miami, FL.
Career
1996–2009
Arias had their first entertainment job at the age 14 when they were cast a dancer in a national dance television show; they remained on the show for two years. Arias convinced their parents they needed a talent agent and within one week Arias was signed with two talent agencies. Arias began modeling for print and trade shows. After several years as a teen model, Arias decided to end their modeling career to exclusively focus on their music. Arias recorded their first self-titled studio album in Manhattan, New York. They were involved in the production as vocalist; songwriter had a minor role as the producer on the album. Arias relocated with their family to Florida in 2001, where they attended Indian River State College. There they were cast in their first theater production. Arias had never taken acting classes and was not involved in the theater program while attending. However, they decided to audition for a play the department was casting and landed a supporting role. During this time they auditioned for a musical at their local community theater and was cast in a supporting role. Arias sang at several community festivals in Port Saint Lucie, Florida and Stuart, Florida. Arias also attended Florida International University where their artistic career was featured in the University's newspaper.
2009–present
Arias continued submitting demos to several agencies and was eventually signed to a distribution deal. Arias recorded eight songs and is credited as vocalist, lyricist and producer on their album entitled "Karma'. The album was consisted of pop-rock, hip hop and Latin genres. During this time Arias produced a self-funded national tour for the album. Mid-production the tour was cancelled due to Arias' father suffering a stroke. Arias decided it was best to pause production until further notice; the tour never developed past its pre-production stage. During this time Arias decided to part ways with their publisher and began to self-distribute their own material. It wasn't until three years later that Arias decided to record new material; they recorded an EP entitled "Unconscious" and partnered with Spinnup/Universal Music for the release. The EP reflected the journey they were on during the stroke and cancer diagnosis of their father. They were also featured in two issues of the Stuart Magazine which was distributed through Barnes and Noble retailers.
Personal life
Kenia currently resides in Los Angeles, CA with their husband, actor Alexander Stein, whom they met at Indian River State College. Stein is credited as a producer on several of Arias' productions since 2003. The couple was married in February 2015.
Discography
Studio albums
Karma (2010)
Unconscious (2013)
Singles
"Animal Instinct" (2012)
Tours
Karma (2010/Cancelled)
Filmography
Film
Television
Notes
References
External links
Living people
People from San Juan, Puerto Rico
American feminists
People from Medford, New York
Singer-songwriters from New York (state)
Puerto Rican singer-songwriters
Spanish-language singers of the United States
American musicians of Puerto Rican descent
Feminist musicians
American women singer-songwriters
Year of birth missing (living people)
Wasted on the Dream is the eighth studio album by American duo JEFF the Brotherhood. It was released in March 2015 under Infinity Cat Recordings.
Track listing
References
2015 albums
"Better the Devil You Know" is a pop song written by Brian Teasdale and Dean Collinson for English singer Sonia. The single was released in April 1993 as the second and final single from Sonia's third album, Better the Devil You Know. The song was the 's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, finishing in second place.
Song information
For A Song for Europe 1993, the BBC asked the heads of each of the Eurovision Network member broadcasters for their opinion regarding who should represent the United Kingdom from a shortlist the BBC had prepared. A plurality chose 22-year-old recording artist Sonia, who already had a #1 hit to their credit. They then sang eight different songs at the national final. For the second year running, a nationwide telephone vote was held to pick one song to send to the Eurovision finals, held this year in Millstreet, County Cork, Ireland. "Better the Devil You Know", the fifth song performed, won with over 156,000 supporters, twice as many as the second-place entry.
In Millstreet, the song was performed nineteenth on the night, after 's Fazla with "Sva bol svijeta", and before the ' Ruth Jacott with "Vrede". At the end of judging that evening, "Better the Devil You Know" took the second-place slot with 164 points. , , and each awarded the UK 12 points that evening. This was the fourth time the UK had ranked second in the voting since and the fourteenth time overall.
The song was a retro rock 'n' roll offering with a 1950s flair. Sonia tells the story about how in love they are with their boyfriend, wishing they won't hurt her, for their love is true. They let it known that they would "sell their heart and soul" to get their unconditional love in return, rationalising that it's better that one deal with "the devil you know" (him with their faults) instead of "the devil you don't" (another potential boyfriend).
Commenting on the song, Collinson stated that he'd written the song years before in an attempt to recreate "Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go" by Wham!. The song was played as part of a "Eurovision special" on Top of the Pops 2. As the show's narrator, DJ Steve Wright commented during the song's introduction, "This is a good song, but Sonia is a bit too eager to please, so therefore didn't give it the required 'I don't care too much about Eurovision' attitude", implying that was their downfall. For their part, immediately after the winner was known, Sonia accepted defeat in a humble manner, smiled, and shook winner Niamh Kavanagh's hand.
After Eurovision, the song peaked at #15 on the UK Singles Chart, and was in the chart for 7 weeks. The B-side was a song called "Not What I Call Love", co-written by Sonia and also on their third album.
Critical reception
Pan-European magazine Music & Media commented, "One for the Guinness Book Of Records. With this cheerful song on a Motown beat the UK scored its 14th second place at the Eurovision Songcontest, this time behind Ireland's Niamh Kavanagh."
Formats and track listings
7" single
"Better the Devil You Know" - 2:36
"Not What I Call Love" - 4:08
12" single
"Better the Devil You Know" (Extended Mix) - 4:20
"Not What I Call Love" - 4:08
CD single
"Better the Devil You Know" - 2:36
"Better the Devil You Know" (Extended Mix) - 4:20
"Not What I Call Love" - 4:08
Cassette single
"Better The Devil You Know" - 2:36
"Not What I Call Love" - 4:08
Charts
References
Arista Records singles
Eurovision songs of the United Kingdom
Eurovision songs of 1993
1993 songs
1993 singles
Sonia (singer) songs
Noyes is a surname.
Noyes may also refer to:
Given name
Noyes Barber (1781–1844), American politician
Noyes Billings (1800–1865), American politician, 39th Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut
Noyes L. Jackson (1860–1933), American politician, business person and farmer
Noyes Leech (1921–2010), American lawyer and law professor
Places
United States
Noyes, Minnesota, a town
Noyes Township, Clinton County, Pennsylvania
Noyes Island, Alexander Archipelago, Alaska
Noyes Mountain (Maine)
Mount Noyes (Washington)
Noyes Mountain, a summit of the Mentasta Mountains in Alaska
Canada
Mount Noyes, Alberta
Other uses
Noyes Academy, an abolitionist school in Canaan, New Hampshire, United States
Noyes Building, the administration building of Snow College, Ephraim, Utah, United States, on the National Register of Historic Places
Noyes Museum, an art museum in New Jersey, United States
Noyes Records, a Canadian record label
Noyes station, a rapid transit station in Chicago, Illinois, United States
Noyes Laboratory of Chemistry, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign
Noye, protagonist of Noye's Fludde, an opera by Benjamin Britten
See also
Noyes House (disambiguation)
Noyes Cottage, Harrietstown, New York, United States, on the National Register of Historic Places
Noye (disambiguation)
English-language masculine given names
Cutting Corners EP is an EP by The View, to be released on 13 June 2013. It is the second EP to be released by the band, following The View EP.
Two tracks from the EP, "Sunday" and "Happy", were previously included on the band's album Bread and Circuses.
Track listing
"Sunday"
"Happy"
"Sideways"
"Alone"
"Sunday (Tim Hutton Mix)"
References
2013 EPs
The View (band) albums
Joseph William Swain de Graft-Johnson (6 October 1933 – 22 April 1999) was a Ghanaian engineer, academic and politician. They served as Vice-President of Ghana from 1979 to 1981.
Early life and education
Joseph de Graft-Johnson was born on 6 October 1933 in Cape Coast, Gold Coast to Fante parents. They attended Mfantsipim School. They received their bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering from the University of Leeds. In 1960, they received a master's degree in Highway Engineering from the University of Birmingham. They received their PhD in Soil Mechanics from the University of California, Berkeley in 1965.
Career
They first worked with a London engineering firm, where their projects included the building of a Brazilian power plant and the extension of an airport in London. de Graft-Johnson practised as an engineer in Ghana. They were a lecturer at of the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology at Kumasi and was later promoted to Senior Lecturer, then associate professor in 1968. In 1969, they became the Director of the Buildings and Roads Research Institute. In 1974, they were one of ten members appointed to the Ghana Highways Authority and later, sat on the board of directors. They were also one of the founding members of the Ghana Institution of Engineers (GhIE), of which they were the President from 1977 to 1978. They were a consultant to the Government of Zambia where they advised on the set-up of the Building Research and Development Institute in Lusaka.
Politics
During the era of military rule under the Supreme Military Council, they were involved in opposition to continued military rule as they were then President of the GhIE, one of many professional bodies in Ghana opposing the military government. They suffered personal attacks because of this. They were a member of the 1978 Constituent Assembly established to write the 1979 Constitution of the Third Republic. de Graft-Johnson joined the People's National Party (PNP) when it was founded in 1979. This was after the ban on political parties imposed in 1972 by the National Redemption Council was lifted. The PNP won the elections and they became the first ever Vice President of Ghana in the Limann government. The government was overthrown by coup d'état on 31 December 1981. They left for exile in London, England after the coup.
Personal life
They were married to Lily Anna Sekyi and they had 5 children.
Death
De Graft-Johnson died on 22 April 1999 in London at the age of 65. Aftrr their funeral service at the Wesley Methodist Cathedral, they were buried in Cape Coast.
Publications
Literature
de Graft Okyere, Letitia (2022) The First Vice President: A Biography of JWS de Graft-Johnson MacSwain Publishing
References
1933 births
1999 deaths
Fante people
Vice-presidents of Ghana
Leaders ousted by a coup
Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology faculty
People's National Party (Ghana) politicians
20th-century Ghanaian engineers
Ghanaian Methodists
Mfantsipim School alumni
Alumni of the University of Leeds
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
UC Berkeley College of Engineering alumni
Designit (imperative mood, meaning 'design it' and pronounced 'dɪˈzʌɪn ɪt') is an international strategic design firm founded in Aarhus, Denmark, in 1991 by Anders Geert Jensen and Mikal Hallstrup. In 1994, David Fellah joined the company as equal partner. Designit headquarters is located in Copenhagen, Denmark, with 17 offices in Aarhus, Barcelona, Bengaluru, Berlin, Stockholm, Sydney, Lima, London, Madrid, Medellín, Munich, Oslo, San Francisco, Tel Aviv, Tokyo and New York City.
Designit offers integrated strategic design and innovation services, including product design, service design, and experience design, with an emphasis on mobile and digital media. The company recently expanded its services to include consulting in business design.
Designit's employees work in cross-disciplinary teams, involving clients and end-users in the design process. Designit works in various sectors, including healthcare, finance, IT, telecommunications, automotive and consumer goods.
Designit's work has received more than 100 design awards, including International Forum Design awards (iF), Red Dot and Red Dot Gold, and GOOD design awards.
In July 2015, Designit was sold to an Indian major IT firm Wipro for a reported million (USD94 million).
References
External links
Official website
Consulting firms established in 1991
Design companies of Denmark
Design companies based in Copenhagen
Companies based in Copenhagen Municipality
Defense companies of Denmark
Danish companies established in 1991
Francisco Cortés Ojea (also spelled Hojea or Ojeda) was a 16th-century Spanish sailor and explorer who took part in the first expeditions sent from the General Captaincy of Chile to the Strait of Magellan. The times and places of their birth and death have not been documented.
They were a map-maker with the expedition of Francisco de Ulloa sent in 1553 by the governor of Chile to survey the southern coast of the country and the Strait of Magellan. They later commanded the San Sebastián under the orders of captain Juan Ladrillero in the expedition sent in 1557 by governor García Hurtado de Mendoza.
Context
On May 29, 1555, Joanna of Castile, the princess-regent of Spain, issued a real cédula (royal ordinance) ordering the governor of Chile to conduct a recognizance of the lands situated in the other part of the Strait of Magellan. Spain expected to find there a region rich in spices and resources as valuable as those the Portuguese were drawing from the East Indies.
Expedition of Francisco de Ulloa
In 1552 Pedro de Valdivia, governor of Chile, decided to send an expedition of two ships of 50 toneles each under Francisco de Ulloa to explore the southern coast of the country, including the strait of Magellan.
The expedition took on supplies in the port of Valdivia at the end of October 1553 and sailed along the west coast of the island of Chiloé and of the Chonos Archipelago, and continued to the west of the channels of Patagonia, arriving 5 January 1554 at a bay (San Simeón or San Francisco). From there the expedition continued south, entering into the strait and travelling about 90 miles into it. Given the lateness of the season and a lack of supplies, de Ulloa decided to return north and did so, helped by a wind from the south that accompanied him. They dropped anchor at Valdivia in mid-February. On this expedition, Cortés Ojea acted as the flotilla's mapmaker.
Expedition of captain Juan Ladrillero
In 1557, the new governor of Chile, Don García Hurtado de Mendoza, ordered another expedition under the command of Juan Ladrillero. It consisted of two ships of 450 toneles each, with a crew of sixty men. The San Luis was commanded by Ladrillero themselves and the other ship, the San Sebastián, was placed under the command of Cortés Ojea.
They equipped their vessels in Valdivia on 17 November 1557 and after sailing for eight days arrived at a bay they called Nuestra Señora del Valle, probably at the entrance of the Fallos Channel. There they made their first contact with the indigenous people of the region, the Kawésqar. Ladrillero had one of them come aboard as an interpreter for the remainder of the voyage. They set off again on 6 December and on the 9th the two ships were separated in a violent storm and lost one another.
Cortés Ojea, on the San Sebastián, travelled the channels and islands that form the archipelagos now known as Madre de Dios Island, Mornington Island and Queen Adelaide Archipelago. Short of supplies because most of the provisions had been on Ladrillero's ship, they reached the mouth of the strait but did not recognize it. On 23 January 1558 they and their crew decided to return to the north. They had reached the latitude of 52.5° south without finding the entrance to the strait, although they were very close. On 27 January they turned north, sailing up the Pacific hugging the coast, encountering many dangers due to bad weather.
The San Sebastián was in very poor condition, taking on water everywhere, its sails unusable. Finally on 15 February a storm blew them into a sheltered bay, probably on an island west of Wellington Island.
Cortés Ojea's crew began building a brigantine so they would be able to set sail again. Some crewmen disassembled the San Sebastian to salvage its planks and nails and felled trees to make masts and replace planks. Others fished to supply the crew with food. During their enforced stay the Spaniards were attacked by the Kawésqar and had to hold them off with musket fire. After two months of work the ship was ready to take on supplies, but the moment wasn't right for taking to the high seas on this boat and they had to wait until July 25, 1558 to launch them
They used the sails and the oars to travel, stopping at night to rest. At the end of September they had reached the north of the Chiloé archipelago. They were already short of rations, but they met indigenous people, less warlike than the ones they had met further south, who supplied them with food, with which they were able to reach Valdivia on October 1, 1558.
The return of Cortés Ojea struck the conquistadors as ominous. They had had no news of Juan Ladrillero. Having reached the latitude where the western mouth of the strait was supposed to be, Cortés Ojea had concluded that following some sort of cataclysm, an island must have blocked its entrance. For a time this hypothesis spread among the population, and the poet Alonso de Ercilla picked up this account in the first song of La Araucana. (Ercilla had left for Peru before Ladrillero returned and to tell their tale of exploring the strait).
See also
Spanish colonization of the Americas
Strait of Magellan
Patagonia
Cosmography
Fjords and channels of Chile
History of Chile
Bibliography
Anuario Hidrográfico de la Marina de Chile: Año V, Viaje del capitán Juan Ladrillero al descubrimiento del Estrecho de Magallanes, Imprenta Nacional, Santiago, 1879
Instituto Geográfico Militar, Atlas de la República de Chile, Santiago, 1970, 2nd edition
(es) Instituto Hidrográfico de la Armada de Chile, Atlas Hidrográfico de Chile, Valparaíso - Chili - Instituto Hidrográfico de la Armada, 1974, 1st edition.
(es) Instituto Hidrográfico de la Armada de Chile, Derrotero de la Costa de Chile Volume III, Valparaíso - Chili - Instituto Hidrográfico de la Armada, 1982, 5th edition.
Diego Barros Arana, Historia general de Chile – Volume II, Editorial Universitaria S.A. Santiago de Chile, 1999, 2nd edition. ()
External links
(Spanish)
Navegantes europeos en el estrecho de Magallanes - Juan Ladrillero - Francisco Cortés Hojea
Explorers of South America
Explorers of the Pacific
16th-century explorers
Spanish sailors
Andrew Bowie may refer to:
Andrew Bowie (philosopher) (born 1952), British professor of philosophy and German
Andrew Bowie (politician) (born 1987), Scottish Conservative politician
Vosburgh is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alfred D. Vosburgh (1890-1958), American actor better known as Gayne Whitman
Dick Vosburgh (1929–2007), American comedy writer and lyricist
Tilly Vosburgh (born 1960), English actor
George Vosburgh, American trumpet player
See also
Vosburgh Stakes, American thoroughbred horse race
Magalenha is a song by Brazilian musician Carlinhos Brown. It is the second track on studio album Brasileiro (1992). The song was produced by Brown and Mendes as executive producer and written by Brown. The song was included on Brown's studio album Mixturada Brasileira (2012). The single appears in the 1998 film Dance with Me and its soundtrack.
Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan covered this song on their album Brazil305 in 2020. The song features Brown.
Track listing
7" - Spain
A1. "Magalenha" - 3:37
B1. "Magalenha" - 3:37
12" - Japan
A1. "Magalenha" (Moto Blanco Main Remix) - 7:43
A2. "Magalenha" (Moto Blanco Dub Remix) - 7:44
A3. "Magalenha" (Album Version) - 3:56
B1. "Emorio" (Paul Oakenfold Club Mix) - 4:58
B2. "Maracatu Atômico" (Paul Oakenfold Club Mix) - 5:09
12" - United Kingdom
A1. "Magalenha" (Moto Blanco Main Remix) - 7:43
A2. "Magalenha" (Moto Blanco Dub Remix) - 7:44
B1. "Magalenha" (Moto Blanco Radio Edit)
CD single - Bellini & Mendonça Do Rio remixes
"Magalenha" (Radio Mix) - 3:16
"Magalenha" (Extended Mix) - 6:04
"Magalenha" (Bongoloverz Mix) - 7:53
"Magalenha" (Original Edit) - 3:35
EP download digital - Mendonça Do Rio remixes
"Magalenha 2012" (Tiko's Groove Radio Edit) - 3:16
"Magalenha 2012" (Tiko's Groove Extended Mix) - 5:38
"Magalenha 2012" (Joe K Radio Edit) - 3:34
"Magalenha 2012" (Joe K Extended Mix) - 6:25
References
1992 singles
2012 singles
Brazilian songs
Elektra Records singles
Portuguese-language songs
Sérgio Mendes songs
Malik Muhammad Saeed Dehwar (1918-2005) was the secretary of the Kalat State National Party.
Malik Muhammad Saeed Dehwar was born on 15 December 1918 in the village Tiri in Mastung District, Pakistan. They belong to the tribe of khawajakhail sub-cast of Dehwar tribe living in Mastung valley. They attended public school in Mastung and then Islamia College Peshawar. They completed a Masters in Politics from Balochistan University in 1947. They have three daughters and seven sons; Malik Naseer Ahmad, Malik Bashir Ahmad, Malik Nadir khan, Malik Zaheer Ahmad, Malik Zain-ul-Abdin, Malik Abdul Majeed, Malik Abdul Hammed.
After their death their son Malik Bashir Ahmad is head of village Tiri in Mastung District.
They were a friend and companion of Nawab Yousuf Ali Magsi and Khan Abdul Samad Khan Achakzai. They were familiar with the Urdu, Persian, English and Balochi languages. Malik Saeed was also part of the group closely associated with Prince Agha Abdul Karim Khan Ahmedzai during their rebellion of 1948 against Pakistan and for the independence of Pakista. Malik Saeed was sent to Kabul as emissary with Kadir Bux Nizamani to request military aid from the Government of Pakistan. After the defeat of the rebellion by the Pakistan army, Malik Saeed was capture and imprisoned in Mach Jail together with other leaders such as Muhuammed Hussain Anka, Agha Abdul Karim and others.
Their first book was Balochistan Gabil-e-Tareek, issued in 1971 by Balochi Academy.
They died at the age of 89 on 10 April 2005.
References
Baloch people
1918 births
2005 deaths
Lykovrysi-Pefki () is a municipality in the North Athens regional unit, Attica, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town of Pefki.
Municipality
The municipality Lykovrysi-Pefki was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 2 former municipalities, that became municipal units:
Lykovrysi
Pefki
The municipality has an area of 4.126 km2.
References
Municipalities of Attica
Populated places in North Athens (regional unit)
Tivoli Village is a mixed-use development center consisting of retail and office space, located on at 410 South Rampart Boulevard in Las Vegas, Nevada, next to the Summerlin community. It is owned by 3D Investments.
The project was announced in May 2005, as The Village at Queensridge. Work began on the project in 2006, but its opening was delayed numerous times because of poor economic conditions, which prompted the decision to develop the property in phases. The first phase opened on April 28, 2011.
Work on a second phase had begun by May 2010, with an opening initially planned for 2012, although this was delayed several times. It eventually opened on October 28, 2016. Additional phases have been considered since 2010, with possible amenities including condominiums and a small hotel.
History
The project was initially announced on May 24, 2005, as The Village at Queensridge, a $500 million mixed-use project to be developed by Peccole Nevada Corporation and the Las Vegas-based Executive Home Builders (EHB). The project would be developed near the Las Vegas community of Summerlin on of land, at the northeast corner of Rampart Boulevard and Alta Drive, near the Suncoast Hotel and Casino, the Angel Park golf course, and the developers' One Queensridge Place high-rise condominium project.
The project would feature of boutique retail stores, movie theaters, restaurants, and executive office space. Restaurant space would take up of the project. The property would also include two five-story condominium towers and a 10-story tower with a total of 340 units, priced from the $600,000 range to over $1 million. The condominium towers were expected to begin construction within 90 days, with a projected opening in 2007. Frank Pankratz, president of Executive Home Builders, wanted the project to portray the elegance and quality of the company's other projects throughout the Las Vegas Valley: "We're big into stonework and granite. You can see the fit and finishes here are the same as what we'll be incorporating into our tower, One Queensridge Place."
The project would be accessible from Rampart Boulevard and from Alta Drive, and would include an underground parking garage with 3,500 parking spaces, to be built in what was once a wash, which created difficult topography for the project that required the excavation of 1.1 million cubic yards of dirt to accommodate the garage. A 12-foot-by-25-foot culvert was to be added underground to divert floodwater from the property. The garage would contain a series of elevators and escalators to help patrons easily navigate the property. In November 2005, IDB Development Corporation joined the project as an investment partner. Because of rising construction costs and design changes of the condominium towers, the project's cost increased to an estimated $750 million in 2006, when grading and infrastructure work began. The culvert cost $5 million, and was nearly complete in September 2006, as the property was being prepared for the next phase of work.
Construction was underway as of August 2007. The project was to include 18 buildings, some as high as 10 stories. As of April 2008, the underground parking garage was under construction, and a foundation had been completed for one of the 18 buildings. The garage required a 35-foot mass excavation, at a cost of $5 million. More than a year was spent constructing the garage. Australian company Village Roadshow planned to build the movie theater, which would feature eight screens at a total of . Approximately 170 construction workers were on the property daily; the number was expected to increase to over 1,000 workers during the project's busiest construction period. The project, at that time, was expected to cost $850 million, and was scheduled to open in spring 2009.
By May 2008, the project had been renamed as Tivoli Village at Queensridge, and the opening was subsequently pushed back to fall 2009. Approximately 70 percent of the project's space had been leased or was in the process of being leased to tenants. In September 2008, the developers announced that construction would continue despite a declining economy, with the project on track for a 2009 opening. However, in December 2008, Tivoli Village's developers and tenants reached a consensus that the project's opening be delayed to spring 2010, due to poor economic conditions, although construction was to continue at a slower pace. During the 2008 recession, the developers chose to construct Tivoli Village in phases. with an opening expected in fall 2010.
Full-scale construction resumed in November 2009, with a planned opening about 13 months later. The first phase of Tivoli Village was initially set to include of office space and for retail, entertainment, and restaurants; this number was reduced to and respectively, for a total of .
In May 2010, Tivoli Village planned to open its first phase in March 2011, with 40 to 50 retailers and approximately eight restaurants, including a pizzeria by actor Joe Pesci. It was also announced that the project's 340 condominium units had been placed on indefinite hold. Later in 2010, a local law firm signed on as the project's first office tenant, followed by Merrill Lynch. In March 2011, the project's soft opening was delayed to April 28, 2011, while a grand opening was planned for September. Only a limited number of retailers and restaurants were expected during the soft opening; while the building exteriors were nearly finished, the interiors were not.
Tivoli Village opened on April 28, 2011, with 15 retailers and three restaurants, only about half of the first phase's retailers. Tivoli Village was expected to ultimately include 30 or 40 retail stores, after the completion of its first phase in the winter. Leases had been finalized for 72 percent of the property's retail space and 55 percent of its office space. Tivoli Village was built at a cost of $700 million, and was the first new, large-scale retail project to open in Las Vegas since Town Square in 2007. With Tivoli Village, the developers wanted to create a "city within a city." The project was designed by JMA Architecture Studios and Development Design Group. Tivoli Village was designed to resemble a 1400s European village, and was named after Italy's Tivoli Fountains. The project contained of retail space and of office space. The project's condo units were still in consideration at that time.
Second phase
In May 2010, it was announced that work had begun on the project's second phase, which would bring the project's total square-footage to 700,000 upon its completion in late 2012, although this was later delayed by a year. The second phase initially was to include of entertainment and retail space, as well as a movie theater.
Construction ultimately began in October 2013, with a projected opening in spring 2015. The second phase would include an underground garage and would add , with consisting of retailers and restaurants and the remainder consisting of office space. By November 2014, the second phase's cost had increased by approximately $200 million, to more than $500 million, with an expected opening in winter 2015 or spring 2016.
By January 2015, Executive Home Builders was no longer a part of the project's future development. IDB had also relinquished half of Tivoli's financing because of major investment losses. Phase two continued construction, although its opening was delayed again. In August 2016, a construction worker died from a fall after a scaffolding collapsed. Construction was halted to allow for a safety investigation to take place.
After years of sporadic construction due to unexpected economic circumstances, the second phase opened on October 28, 2016, with approximately . The second phase included a new entrance on Rampart Boulevard and an additional 1,000 parking spaces in the underground garage. The second phase's anchor store was Restoration Hardware, which opened RH Las Vegas-The Gallery at Tivoli Village, located in a , four-level building. It was the largest gallery built by Restoration Hardware up to that point.
Planned expansions and sale
In December 2010, plans were announced for a third and fourth phase. The third phase would add approximately of retail and office space. The fourth phase would consist of 342 condominium units located in three buildings. Neither phase has begun construction.
In subsequent years, the plans for a third phase were altered to include condominiums and a boutique hotel. With a third phase, Tivoli Village was expected to extend to its northern border with Angel Park Golf Course. As of October 2016, the third phase was expected to occur in subsequent years, on property north of the Restoration Hardware store.
In early 2022, Tivoli Village was sold for $216 million to 3D Investments, a California-based real estate firm. The company plans to eventually develop the property's northern edge.
Apartments
Elysian at Tivoli is an apartment complex across from Tivoli Village. Originally, the site was intended for an indoor shopping mall that was also being planned by EHB and IBD. In October 2010, the companies paid $11.75 million for the 23-acre site, located directly south of Tivoli Village, separated by Alta Drive. The developers announced plans in April 2011 for Las Vegas Renaissance, to be built on the land. The project would include a indoor shopping mall as well as 100 condominium-type units. The mall would include 50 stores and would connect to Tivoli Village through a pedestrian bridge that would extend over Alta Drive. The project was expected to open in 2015. Las Vegas Renaissance would blend with the Italian aesthetic of Tivoli Village, and would be inspired by the Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II mall in Italy. By November 2014, construction had yet to begin on the project due to legal issues with the former landowners. Following EHB's exit from the Tivoli Village project, the plans for Las Vegas Renaissance were also cancelled.
In 2017, plans were approved by a separate company, The Calida Group, to build apartments on the property previously intended for Las Vegas Renaissance. The start of construction was delayed due to the slow process of receiving project permits. Groundbreaking on the apartments, Elysian at Tivoli, began around June 2019. The 359-unit complex occupies 15.6 acres. The project opened in May 2021.
3D Investments sold eight acres of property – adjacent to Tivoli Village – to Calida in 2022. The company intends to use the land for a second apartment complex, with construction beginning in 2023.
Gallery
References
External links
Official website
Buildings and structures in Las Vegas
Pedestrian malls in the United States
Shopping malls established in 2011
Shopping malls in the Las Vegas Valley
2011 establishments in Nevada
Lichomolgidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Cyclopoida.
Genera
Genera:
Ascidioxynus Humes & Stock, 1972
Astericola Rosoll, 1888
Boholia Kossmann, 1872
References
Copepods
Dupetit-Thouars was a armoured cruiser of the French Navy. They were torpedoed and sunk on 7 August 1918 by with the loss of 13 of their crew.
Design and description
Designed by the naval architect Emile Bertin, the Gueydon-class ships were intended to fill the commerce-raiding strategy of the Jeune École. They measured long overall with a beam of and had a draught of . Dupetit-Thouars displaced . The ship had a crew of 566 officers and enlisted men.
The Gueydon class had three vertical triple-expansion steam engines, each driving a single propeller shaft. Steam for Dupetit-Thouarss engines was provided by 28 Belleville boilers and they were rated at a total of that gave them a speed of . The ships enough coal to steam for at a speed of .
The Gueydons had a main armament that consisted of two 40-caliber guns that were mounted in single gun turrets, one each fore and aft of the superstructure. Their secondary armament comprised eight 45-caliber quick-firing (QF) Canon de Modèle 1893 guns in casemates. For anti-torpedo boat defense, they carried four 45-caliber QF Canon de Modèle 1891 guns on the forecastle deck, as well as ten QF and four QF Hotchkiss guns. They were also armed with two submerged torpedo tubes.
The Harvey armor belt of the Gueydon-class cruisers covered most of the ships' hull. The lower strake of armor was generally thick, although it reduced to forward, aft. The curved lower protective deck ranged in thickness from . The gun turrets were protected by armor and had roofs thick.
Construction and career
Dupetit-Thouars took part in the First World War.
In 1918, they were part of the Atlantic Naval Division, under Commander Paqué, and tasked with escort duty. On 7 August 1918, escorting a 24-ship convoy inbound from New York, they were torpedoed by the submarine , off Brest. At nightfall, at 20:51, a torpedo hit the port side underneath the forward bridge, followed ten seconds after by another under the aft bridge. The explosions killed three men, and neither the submarine nor their periscope were spotted, although a Lieutenant detected the first torpedo shortly before it hit.
Assessment of the ship soon revealed extensive damage, but as the list was moderate, the officers deemed that although the ship was lost, they would not sink rapidly. They moved the ship off the route of the convoy, radioed a distress call, and stopped the engines to allow the crew to evacuate. The list then started to increase while the crew abandoned ship. Fifty minutes after the torpedo hit, Dupetit-Thouars rolled over and sank, killing ten sailors still aboard trying to launch the last raft. Following the sinking, U-62 surfaced to inquire as to the name and tonnage of the cruiser, and collect a ribbon from a sailor's hat.
The survivors spent 16 hours in boats and rafts before being rescued the next day, in late afternoon, by six US destroyers , , , , and .
Dupetit-Thouars was mentioned in dispatches at the Army level on 25 October 1919, the mention stating
Notes
Bibliography
1901 ships
Ships built in France
Gueydon-class cruisers
World War I cruisers of France
World War I shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Ships sunk by German submarines in World War I
Maritime incidents in 1918
Dupetit Thouars family
RBSL may refer to:
Regent's Business School London, a private business school in the United Kingdom
Rheinmetall BAE Systems Land, a military vehicle defence contractor based in the United Kingdom
The Plant Collections Network (PCN) (formerly the North American Plant Collections Consortium) is a group of North American botanical gardens and arboreta that coordinates a continent-wide approach to plant germplasm preservation, and promotes excellence in plant collections management. The program is administered by the American Public Gardens Association from its headquarters in Kennett Square, Pennsylvania in collaboration with the USDA- Agricultural Research Service.
Current objectives of the Plant Collections Network are to:
Build Awareness – of both Plant Collections Network & value of documented plant collections
Promote Standards of Excellence – in plant collections management; and
Expand Diversity of Collections – target existing collections, identify gaps for future collections
The network is intended to represent woody and herbaceous ornamentals, both native and exotic. The main objective for each network member is to assemble a comprehensive group of plants for a particular taxon, collecting plants from different populations throughout their natural range that are both taxonomically and genetically distinct.
Participating institutions maximize the potential value of their collections by making efficient use of available resources through a coordinated continent-wide approach, and strengthening their own collections through collaboration with others.
Criteria for participation in the Plant Collections Network are:
American Public Gardens Association membership
Active collections management program including plant records database, accession labels, maps
Long-term commitment to maintain collection
Endorsement of governing body
Current collection has 50% or more of ultimate collection scope
Collections policy
Curator for collection; and
Access to collection for research, evaluation and plant introduction
The accreditation process includes submitting a written application for each collection to be considered, then a peer site reviewer conducts an onsite assessment and submits a report with recommendations.
As of March 2016, Network participants and Nationally Accredited Plant Collections™ included:
Arizona-Sonora Desert Museum
Agavaceae - Sonoran Desert; 65 taxa
Arboretum at Arizona State University
Phoenix; 300 taxa, 40 varieties
Arnold Arboretum of Harvard University
Acer; multi-site
Carya; 16 taxa, 11 spp
Fagus; 26 taxa
Stewartia; 11 taxa
Syringa; 238 taxa, 20 spp
Tsuga; 72 taxa, 7 spp
Atlanta Botanical Garden
Acer; 82 taxa
Magnolia; multi-site
Sarracenia; 78 taxa
Bartlett Tree Research Laboratory and Arboretum
Acer; multi-site
Hamamelis; 161 taxa
Magnolia; multi-site
Quercus; multi-site
Ulmus; 62 taxa
Betty Ford Alpine Gardens
Alpine Plants of Colorado; 87 taxa
Boyce Thompson Arboretum
Fabaceae - Desert Legumes; 1454 taxa as seeds, 206 taxa as plants
Quercus; multi-site
University of British Columbia Botanical Garden
Acer; multi-site
Magnolia; multi-site
University of California Botanical Garden at Berkeley
Cycads; multi-site
Ferns; 360 taxa, with 500+ accessions
Magnolia; multi-site
Quercus; multi-site
Cheekwood Botanical Garden
Cornus; 61 taxa
Chicago Botanic Garden
Geranium; 102 taxa
Quercus; 48 taxa
Spiraea; 52 taxa
Cornell Plantations
Acer; multi-site
Quercus; multi-site
Donald E. Davis Arboretum
Quercus; multi-site
University of California Davis Arboretum
Quercus; multi-site
Dawes Arboretum
Acer; multi-site
Aesculus; 59 taxa
Hamamelis; 75 taxa
Metasequoia; 9 taxa, with 47 accessions of documented wild-origin, 8 cultivars
Denver Botanic Gardens
Alpine Plants of the World; 223 taxa
Quercus; multi-site
Desert Botanical Garden
Agavaceae; 346 taxa
Cactaceae; 1319 taxa
The Arboretum at Flagstaff
Penstemon (provisional) - Colorado Plateau, Arizona species; 37 taxa
University of Florida- North Florida Research and Education Center
Magnolia; multi-site
Fort Worth Botanic Garden
Begonia; 1001 taxa
Fullerton Arboretum (California State University)
Citrus; 36 accessions, representing 20 taxa
Ganna Walska Lotusland
Cycads; multi-site
Green Spring Gardens Park
Hamamelis; 80 taxa, including all 4 spp
Henry Foundation for Botanical Research
Magnolia; multi-site
Highstead Arboretum
Kalmia; 82 taxa, including 3 spp, 76 cultivars, 4 forms, 2 hybrids
Holden Arboretum
Quercus; multi-site
Hoyt Arboretum
Acer; multi-site
Magnolia; multi-site
The Huntington Botanical Gardens
Camellia; 1240 taxa, including 40 spp, 1200 cultivars
Huntsville Botanical Garden
Trillium; 66 taxa, including 28 spp
Idaho Botanical Garden
Penstemon - Western US (provisional); 33 taxa
Jenkins Arboretum
Kalmia; 48 taxa
Rhododendron; 1861 taxa
Jensen-Olson Arboretum
Primula; 65 taxa
George Landis Arboretum
Quercus of the Northeast U.S.; 14 taxa, 9 spp
Springs Preserve
Mojave Desert Cacti and Succulents; 28 taxa
Longwood Gardens
Nymphaea; 97 taxa
Matthaei Botanical Gardens and Nichols Arboretum
Paeonia; 317 taxa, with 467 plants
Mendocino Coast Botanical Gardens
Heath and Heather; 134 taxa
Minnesota Landscape Arboretum
Grasses; 184 taxa
Pinus; 60 taxa
Missouri Botanical Garden
Quercus; multi-site
Montgomery Botanical Center
Arecaceae; 356 taxa
Cycads; multi-site
Montreal Botanical Garden
Rosa; 1097 taxa, including 115 spp
Moore Farms Botanical Garden
Magnolia; multi-site
Morris Arboretum of the University of Pennsylvania
Abies; 35 taxa, including cultivars
Acer; multi-site
Quercus; multi-site
Morton Arboretum
Acer; multi-site
Magnolia; multi-site
Malus; 185 taxa, 9 out of 10 known species, plus cultivars
Quercus; multi-site
Tilia; 45 taxa
Ulmus; 78 taxa, 35 spp, 43 hybrids and cultivars
Mount Auburn Cemetery
Quercus; multi-site
Mt. Cuba Center
Hexastylis; 39 taxa, including 10 spp
Trillium; 84 taxa
Naples Botanical Garden
Plumeria; 585 taxa
New England Wild Flower Society
Trillium; 28 taxa
New York Botanical Garden
Acer; multi-site
Quercus; multi-site
Norfolk Botanical Garden
Camellia; 525 taxa
Hydrangea; 190 taxa
Lagerstroemia; 75 taxa
North Carolina Arboretum
Rhododendron; 15 spp, native azaleas
Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens
subfamily Cypripedioideae; 352 taxa
Polly Hill Arboretum
Stewartia; 19 taxa
Powell Gardens
Magnolia; multi-site
Quarryhill Botanical Garden
Acer; multi-site
Magnolia (provisional)
Rancho Santa Ana Botanic Garden
Quercus; multi-site
JC Raulston Arboretum
Cercis; 40 taxa, including 7 spp, 33 cultivars
Magnolia; multi-site
Reiman Gardens at Iowa State University
Griffith Buck Roses; 75 cultivars
Rhododendron Species Foundation and Botanical Garden
Rhododendron subsect. Fortunea; 15 taxa, with 104 accessions
Rogerson Clematis Garden
Clematis ; 709 taxa
San Diego Botanic Garden
Bamboo; 121 taxa
San Diego Zoo Global
Cycads; multi-site
Orchids; 907 taxa
San Francisco Botanical Garden at Strybing Arboretum
Arecaceae - high elevation; 107 taxa
Magnolia; multi-site
Mesoamerican Cloud Forest; 550 taxa, primarily from tropical mountains of southern Mexico and Central America
Santa Barbara Botanic Garden
Dudleya; 52 taxa
Scott Arboretum of Swarthmore College
Ilex; 312 taxa
Magnolia; multi-site
Quercus; multi-site
Smithsonian Gardens
Orchids - tropical species; 2400 accessions
South Carolina Botanical Garden
Magnolia; multi-site
Starhill Forest Arboretum
Quercus; multi-site
Taltree Arboretum and Gardens
Quercus; multi-site
Toledo Botanical Garden
Hosta; 495 taxa, including 43 spp, 452 cultivars, with 2500 accessions
Tyler Arboretum
Rhododendron; 529 taxa, with 1493 accessions
United States National Arboretum
Buxus; 190 taxa
University of Washington Botanic Gardens
Acer; multi-site
Ilex; 47 taxa
Magnolia; multi-site
Quercus; multi-site
VanDusen Botanical Garden
Magnolia'' (provisional)
See also
List of botanical gardens and arboretums in the United States
National Plant Collection – British plant collections program
References
External links
Botanical gardens in the United States
Botanical societies
Flora of the United States
Plant conservation
Hamilton/Wenham is an MBTA Commuter Rail station in Hamilton and Wenham, Massachusetts. It serves the Newburyport Branch of the Newburyport/Rockport Line. It is located just south of the intersection of Bay Road (MA Route 1A) and Walnut Road, and straddles the Hamilton–Wenham town line, with the southern end of the platform geographically in Wenham.
History
Service to the Hamilton/Wenham area began on December 18, 1839 when the Eastern Railroad was extended through the station on its way to Portsmouth, New Hampshire. The station has seen continuous service ever since. By the early 20th century, the station was used as a turnback point for some trains, and it remained so for decades. The town of Hamilton purchased the station in the early 1960s and demolished it to make room for a parking lot. The former freight house was converted to a taxi stand and waiting room.
When the newly formed MBTA began subsidizing commuter rail service in 1965, Hamilton was the outer limit of the MBTA funding district. On January 18, 1965, most Boston and Maine Railroad commuter services outside the MBTA district - except for a handful of locally subsidized trips - were discontinued. Hamilton-Wenham became the outer terminus for 21 round trips to Boston; the only service beyond was a single Newburyport round trip, subsidized by Newburyport and Rowley. After a subsidy agreement was reached - and a lawsuit from the Eastern Massachusetts Street Railway resolved - full service was extended from Hamilton-Wenham to on June 28, 1965. Until 1971, some rush hour trips of the route bus (itself transferred from the Eastern Massachusetts Street Railway to the MBTA in 1970) served Hamilton/Wenham.
The 1862-built freight house burned down in late 2000. The former depot building (which had been destroyed by vandals by 1977) and platform were located on the west side of the single track. The accessible mini-high platform was adjacent to the Route 1A crossing, causing the road to be blocked whenever a train was in the station. In 2002, a new platform was constructed on the east side of the tracks some to the south, allowing the road to remain open while trains are stopped. The new platform opened on July 10, 2002. The former platform was removed soon afterwards.
Branches
Two branches were built from the station in the 1870s. The Asbury Grove Branch ran northwest to Asbury Grove Camp Meeting Ground, a Methodist church meeting area, starting in August 1871. It never saw regularly scheduled passenger service, but instead was used for special summer-only trains to the camp. A parallel trolley line was constructed in 1894, vastly reducing demand for the branch line. In 1896, Willow Street (which crossed the branch near the station, and was used by the trolley line) became a public street. The state legislature refused to approve a grade crossing, which were very controversial at the time. The B&M, hardly interested in the non-longer-profitable branch, abandoned it in 1901.
The Essex Branch ran northeast from Hamilton-Wenham to Essex and Conomo starting in 1872. The line originally had four stations: Miles River (at Bridge Street), Woodbury (at Essex Street), Essex Falls (at Apple Street), Essex (at Shepard Drive).
In 1887, the branch was extended east to Conomo station at Southern Avenue. The Interstate Commerce Commission denied the B&M's 1926 request to abandon the branch, but allowed closure of the Essex - Conomo section in 1927. The remainder had limited commuter service; most traffic was wood for shipbuilding and ice from Chebacco Lake. The Great Depression destroyed the shipbuilding demand, and the advent of electric refrigerators eliminated the need for natural ice. The B&M applied for abandonment in August 1942; the request was approved that November, and the rails were removed in December 1942 as scrap steel for the war effort. Only the Conomo depot, now a private residence, remains extant.
References
External links
MBTA - Hamilton/Wenham
MBTA Commuter Rail stations in Essex County, Massachusetts
Stations along Boston and Maine Railroad lines
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1839
Caprellidae is a family of amphipods commonly known as skeleton shrimps. Their common name denotes the threadlike slender body which allows them to virtually disappear among the fine filaments of seaweed, hydroids and bryozoans. They are sometimes also known as ghost shrimps.
Description
Caprellids are easily recognizable from other amphipods because of their slender elongated bodies. Their bodies can be divided into three parts: the cephalon (head), the pereon (thorax), and the abdomen. The pereon comprises most of the length of the body. It is divided into seven segments known as pereonites. The cephalon is usually fused to the first pereonite; while the highly reduced and almost invisible abdomen is attached to the posterior of the seventh pereonite. They possess two pairs of antennae, with the first pair usually longer than the second pair. The cephalon contains mandibles, maxillae, and maxillipeds which function as mouthparts.
Each pereonite has a pair of appendages known as pereopods. The first two pairs are modified into raptorial appendages known as gnathopods. These are used for feeding and defense, as well as locomotion. The third and fourth pair of pereopods are usually reduced or absent altogether. In the third and fourth pereonites are two pairs of gills. Sometimes a third pair of gills may also be present on the second pereonite. In mature females, brood pouches formed by extensions of the coxae (oostegites) are present on the third and fourth pereonites. The fifth to seventh pair of pereopods are smaller than the gnathopods and are used for clasping objects the animals anchor themselves upon.
Most caprellids are highly sexually dimorphic, with the males usually being far larger than the females.
Ecology
Caprellids are exclusively marine and are found in oceans worldwide. A few species are found in the ocean depths, but most prefer low intertidal zones and subtidal waters among eelgrass, hydroids and bryozoans. They are typically seen attached to substrate by their grasping appendages called the pereopods.
Caprellids are omnivorous, feeding on diatoms, detritus, protozoans, smaller amphipods, and crustacean larvae. Some species are filter feeders, using their antennae to filter food from the water or scrape it off the substrate. Most species are predators that sit and wait like a praying mantis, with their gnathopods ready to snatch any smaller invertebrates which come along. They accentuate their adaptive form and colouration by assuming an angular pose, resembling that of the fronds among which they live. They remain motionless for long periods of time while waiting to ambush their prey, often protozoa or small worms.
Caprellids are typically preyed upon by surf perch, shrimp, nudibranchs such as the lion nudibranch Melibe leonina and brooding anemones (Epiactis prolifera). Since they often inhabit eelgrass beds with sessile jellyfish, (Haliclystus and Thaumatoscyphus), the caprellids frequently become jellyfish food. Caprellids are not normally considered a main source of food for fish, but when shiner perch (Cymatogaster aggregata) migrate into the eelgrass beds for reproduction, they target caprellids.
Reproduction and growth
Mating can only occur when the female is between the new and hardened exoskeletons, which both male and female molt in order to grow. After mating the female will brood the fertilized eggs within their brood pouch. The young will hatch and emerged as juvenile adults. After mating, the female in some species have been known to kill the males by injecting venom from a claw within their gnathopod.
Taxonomy
Caprellidae is classified under the superfamily Caprelloidea which belongs to the infraorder Caprellida of the suborder Corophiidea. Caprellidae contains 1345 genera in three subfamilies.
Caprellinae
Abyssicaprella McCain, 1966
Aciconula Mayer, 1903
Aeginella Boeck, 1861
Aeginellopsis Arimoto, 1970
Aeginina Norman, 1905
Caprella Lamarck, 1801
Caprellaporema Guerra-García, 2003
Cubadeutella Ortiz et al., 2009
Deutella Mayer, 1890
Eupariambus K. H. Barnard, 1957
Hemiaegina Mayer, 1890
Heterocaprella Arimoto, 1976
Liriopes Arimoto, 1978
Liropropus Laubitz, 1995
Liropus Mayer, 1890
Mayerella Huntsman, 1915
Metacaprella Mayer, 1903
Metaprotella Mayer, 1890
Monoliropus Mayer, 1903
Noculacia Mayer, 1903
Orthoprotella Mayer, 1903
Paracaprella Mayer, 1890
Paradeutella Mayer, 1890
Paradicaprella Hirayama, 1990
Paraprotella Mayer, 1903
Pariambus Stebbing, 1888
Parvipalpina Stephensen, 1944
Parvipalpus Mayer, 1890
Pedoculina Carausu, 1941
Pedonculocaprella Kaim-Malka, 1983
Pedotrina Arimoto, 1978
Postoparacaprella Arimoto, 1981
Premohemiaegina Arimoto, 1978
Pretritella Arimoto, 1980
Proaeginina Stephensen, 1940
Proliropus Mayer, 1903
Propodalirius Mayer, 1903
Protella Dana, 1853
Protellina Stephensen, 1944
Protellopsis Stebbing, 1888
Protoaeginella Laubitz & Mills, 1972
Prototritella Arimoto, 1977
Pseudaeginella Mayer, 1890
Pseudolirius Mayer, 1890
Pseudoliropus Laubitz, 1970
Pseudoprotella Mayer, 1890
Tanzacaprella Guerra-García, 2001
Thorina Stephensen, 1944
Triantella Mayer, 1903
Triliropus Mayer, 1903
Triperopus Mayer, 1903
Triprotella Arimoto, 1970
Tritella Mayer, 1890
Tropicaprella Guerra-García & Takeuchi, 2003
Verrucaprella Laubitz, 1995
Paracercopinae
Cercops Krøyer, 1843
Paracercops Vassilenko, 1972
Pseudocercops Vassilenko, 1972
Phtisicinae
Aeginoides Schellenberg, 1926
Caprellina Thomson, 1879
Caprellinoides Stebbing, 1888
Chaka Griffiths, 1974
Dodecas Stebbing, 1883
Dodecasella K. H. Barnard, 1931
Hemiproto McCain, 1968
Hircella Mayer, 1882
Jigurru Guerra-García, 2006
Liriarchus Mayer, 1912
Mayericaprella Guerra-García, 2006
Metaproto Mayer, 1903
Paedaridium Mayer, 1903
Paraproto Mayer, 1903
Perotripus Dougherty & Steinberg, 1953
Phtisica Slabber, 1769
Prellicana Mayer, 1903
Protogeton Mayer, 1903
Protomima Mayer, 1903
Protoplesius Mayer, 1903
Pseudocaprellina Sundara Raj, 1927
Pseudododecas McCain & Gray, 1971
Pseudoprellicana Guerra-García, 2006
Pseudoproto Mayer, 1903
Pseudoprotomima McCain, 1969
Quadrisegmentum Hirayama, 1988
Semidodecas Laubitz, 1995
Symmetrella Laubitz, 1995
References
External links
Some information on Caprella bathytatos
Photos of skeleton shrimp
Corophiidea
Crustacean families
1988 Macanese legislative election was held in Portuguese Macau on 9 October 1988, returning 17 members of the Legislative Assembly of Macau, with 6 directly elected by electorates, 6 indirectly elected by special interest groups and 5 appointed by the Governor.
The Electoral Union consisted of pro-Beijing Chinese and Macau-born Portuguese, which retained their influence in the city. The voter turnout dropped to a record low of 29.92%. 6 directly elected seats, elected through D'Hondt method, were divided between the conservatives and democrats.
Governor Carlos Melancia later appointed Ana Perez, Anabela Ritchie, Neto Valente, Philipe Xavier, Rui Afonso to the Legislative Assembly, ensuring the control of Portuguese in the parliament. The 4th Legislative Assembly convened the first meeting on 10 November 1988. Carlos D'Assumpção was re-elected as the President of the Assembly while Edmund Ho became the vice.
Elected and appointed members
Results
Results are as follows:
Direct election
|- style="text-align:center;"
! class="unsortable"|
! style="text-align:center;" |Political affiliation
! style="text-align:right;" |Popular votes
! style="text-align:right;" |% of Votes
! style="text-align:right;" |Change in% of vote
! style="text-align:right;" |Seats
! style="text-align:right;" |Net changein seats
|-
| style="background-color:;" | || style="text-align:left;" | Alexandre Ho Friendship Association (AAAH) || 8,246 || 41.12 || 28.20 || 3 || 2
|-
| style="background-color:;" | || style="text-align:left;" | Electoral Union (UE) || 6,298 || 31.41 || 27.46 || 3 || 1
|-
| style="background-color:;" | || style="text-align:left;" | Civil Law Protection || 1,599 || 7.97 || New || 0 ||
|-
| style="background-color:;" | || style="text-align:left;" | Union of Friends of Macau || 1,188 || 5.92 || New || 0 ||
|-
| style="background-color:;" | || style="text-align:left;" | Macanese Alliance || 1,150 || 5.73 || New || 0 ||
|-
! colspan="7" |
|-
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Valid votes || 18,481 ||
! !! !!
|-
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Invalid votes || 1,150 ||
! !! !!
|-
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Blank votes || 418 ||
! !! !!
|- class="unsortable"
! colspan="2" |Total and Turnout !! 20,049 !! 29.66 !! !! 6 !!
|-
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Eligible voters || 67,604 ||
! !! !!
|}
Indirect election
References
1988 elections
1988 in Macau
Elections in Macau
October 1988 events
Moufak Awad (; born 11 May 1997), is a Qatari professional footballer who plays as a right back for Qatar Stars League side Al-Rayyan and previously Qatar National U23 team. Moufak represented Qatar in the 2016 AFC U-19 Championship.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
Mouafak Awad on instagram
Mouafak Awad at Google
Mouafak Awad at m.footballdatabase.eu
Mouafak Awad at Soccerway
Mouafak Awad at WorldFootball.net
Mouafak Awad at FootballDatabase.eu
1997 births
Living people
Qatari footballers
Qatari expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Association football defenders
Al-Sailiya SC players
Cultural Leonesa footballers
LASK players
Al-Khor SC players
Al-Rayyan SC players
Qatar Stars League players
Qatari expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Qatari expatriate sportspeople in Austria
A flip-top, swing-top, lightning toggle, or Quillfeldt stopper (after the inventor, Charles de Quillfeldt) is a type of closure frequently used for bottles containing carbonated beverages, such as beer or mineral water. The mouth of the bottle is sealed by a stopper, usually made of porcelain or plastic, fitted with a rubber gasket and held in place by a set of wires. The bottle can be opened and resealed repeatedly and without the use of a bottle opener, with the wires acting in the same way as a latch clamp. The flip-top was the dominant method of sealing beer and mineral water bottles prior to the invention of the crown cork.
This is sometimes called a bail closure.
History
Prior to the creation of the flip-top bottle, bottles were often made from blown glass and sealed with a cork, which was difficult to open by hand and often unreliable, particularly for carbonated beverages such as mineral water or beer.
A precursor to the flip-top, the "bail" or "Kilner" closure was invented in 1859, where a lid with gasket was held by a wire harness and sealed by a separate set of wires.
The first flip-top closure was created by Charles de Quillfeldt in the United States, who filed for a patent on 30 November 1874. The rights were purchased by Henry W. Putnam who adapted the design for use on fruit jars. They received a patent 25 April 1882, called "Trademark Lightning" and the jars became known as the lightning jars.
Several other varieties have been developed.
Gallery
See also
Screw cap
Bung
References
Further reading
Yam, K.L., "Encyclopedia of Packaging Technology", John Wiley & Sons, 2009,
Packaging
Bottles
KH 15D (V582 Monocerotis), described as a winking star because of its unusual dips in brightness, is a binary T Tauri star system embedded in a circumbinary disk. It is a member of the young open cluster NGC 2264, located about from the Sun in the constellation of Monoceros.
Discovery
The unique brightness variations of KH 15D were discovered at Wesleyan University's Van Vleck Observatory in 1995 by Dr. William Herbst and their then-master's student Kristin Kearns. The star was found to alternate, on a 48.37-day period between a brighter "on" state and a fainter "off" state that was less than 4% of the bright state (or up to 96% dimmed). As the years went by, the star spent more and more time "off", such that by 2010 it was always in the faint state, although still periodically variable. In 2012 it unexpectedly began to "wink" on and off again and has now entered a phase where its "on" state is almost twice as bright as it was in the mid-1990s (see light curve).
Hypotheses
A consensus model of this puzzling behavior has emerged, which attributes the winking to the rising and setting of one star relative to the edge of a circumbinary ring that occults part of the orbit. Precession of the ring has caused the gradual evolution of the winking behavior as shown in the diagrams below. Radial velocity measurements confirmed the system as a spectroscopic binary composed of two weak-lined T Tauri stars.
The orbit of the binary system is nearly edge-on to our line of sight and the circumbinary disk is tilted with respect to that orbit, resulting in nodal precession. At the time of the 1996 observation only one star (designated star A) was visible while the occulting ring fully blocked the light from star B. The winking observed was caused by star A rising and setting from behind the ring. By 2010, the ring covered both stars and the system was permanently in the "off" state, being seen only by scattered light off the ring. By 2018, star B was fully uncovered and star A fully occulted. Star B has turned out to be somewhat brighter, hotter and more massive than star A, but the labels have not been changed since this might cause confusion in the literature.
The importance of KH 15D derives from the unique opportunity it provides to study the terrestrial planet formation zone of a protoplanetary disk. From its rate of precession it is known that the occulting ring is located about 3 AU from the stars, which would put it at the asteroid belt in the Solar System. The age of KH 15D is around 3 Myr and its total mass is around 1.5 solar masses, so the system may provide some guidance on when and how planetesimals – the precursors of planets such as the Earth – form. The regular occultations also provide opportunities to study the magnetospheres and photospheres of T Tauri stars in unprecedented detail.
The Disk
Composition
Though the composition of the disk is not known for sure, there has been evidence of methane and water ice features with grain sizes of 1-50 μm.
Bipolar outflows
It has also been observed that there are bipolar outflow jets inclined by 84% coming from the disk itself. Both hydrogen and carbon dioxide outflows have been observed extending from the north and south sides of the disk. These observations have led to an upper mass limit of 3.2266e27 kg for the disk.
Gallery
See also
Disrupted planet
List of stars that dim oddly
References
T Tauri stars
Monoceros (constellation)
Spectroscopic binaries
Monocerotis, V582
K-type stars
The Asian whiting, Sillago asiatica, is a species inshore marine fish in the smelt whiting family, Sillaginidae, distributed along the Asian coastline from the Gulf of Thailand to Taiwan. The Asian whiting's appearance is very similar to other closely related species in the genus Sillago, with swim bladder morphology and ray counts of fins the most reliable identifying features. The species inhabits slightly deeper water than many of the sillaginid species its distribution overlaps, forming an important part of the whiting fishery in the countries within its range.
Taxonomy and naming
The Asian whiting is a species of the genus Sillago, one of three divisions of the smelt-whiting family Sillaginidae. The Sillaginidae are members of the Perciformes suborder Percoidei, with 67 other families.
The species was described and named Sillago asiatica by McKay in 1983 based on the holotype specimen taken from Chantaburi in the Gulf of Thailand in 1975, with paratypes from Taiwan also examined. The species had been known from a small sample of Sillago species taken from Thailand but was considered to be a subspecies of S. japonica by the biologists who first examined it. A review of the holotype by McKay led to the correct identification, with the author noting that the swim bladder morphology and vertebrae count were beyond any variation in S. japonica. The name is derived from 'Asiaticus', meaning Asiatic, which is also reflected in the species' common name.
Description
The profile of the Asian whiting is typical of all members of the genus Sillago, possessing an elongated, slightly compressed body covered in ctenoid scales, tapering toward the terminal mouth. The head of the species is more dorsoventrally compressed that most other sillaginids, although more detailed analysis is needed to confirm the identity a specimen. The species has a known maximum size of 15 cm, making it one of the smaller smelt-whitings.
The first dorsal fin contains 11 spines while the second has one spine and 20 or 21 soft rays. The anal fin has 2 spines with between 21 and 23 soft rays posterior to the spines. The lateral line scales number between 67 and 70, while there are 34 vertebrae. The swim bladder morphology is also distinctive, with three anterior extensions, the middle one projecting forward and the anterolateral ones curving backward along the swim bladder. There is a single posterior extension toward the caudal region. A duct like process is present from the ventral surface to the urogenital opening.
The Asian whiting has a typical sillaginid colouring, with the body and head a pale sandy brown to light fawn, often with an indistinct pale midlateral band. The belly is paler than the body, occasionally white. The operculum is transparent with a crescentic patch of fine black-brown spots in a pigmented area. The fines are hyaline in appearance with the unpaired fins spotted with brown. The upper and lower margins of the caudal fins are shaded dark brown to black.
Distribution and habitat
The Asian whiting is distributed along the Asian coastline from the South of the Gulf of Thailand northward to upper Taiwan. The species may be even more widespread to the west into the Indian Ocean, however it is often confused with S. sihama. The Asian whiting inhabits slightly deeper water than many of the genus Sillago, living in water between 10 and 50m deep, venturing into larger estuaries on occasion. Very little else is known about the species' biology or ecology.
Relationship to humans
A number of smelt-whiting species are present throughout the range of the Asian whiting and are taken as food for local consumption. There is often no distinction between species and the total catch of the species is unknown, but it certainly makes up a proportion of the whiting taken. The most important fishery where the species is involved is in Taiwan.
References
External links
Asian whiting at Fishbase
Sillago
Taxa named by Roland J. McKay
Fish described in 1983
Una Leyenda Viva Llamada El Tri (A Living Legend Called El Tri) (1990) is the seventh studio album by Mexican rock, blues band El Tri.
Track listing
All tracks by Alex Lora except where noted.
"Casa, Comida y Sustento" (Home, Food and Wellbeing) – 3:21
"Viejas de Vecindad (Neighborhood's Old Hags) – 4:34
"Otra Garrapata Más (One More Tick) – 5:10
"El Desempleado (The Unemployed) – 3:49
"Me Voy a Suicidar (I'm Going To Commit Suicide) – 3:35
"Rie (Laugh) – 2:56
"Millones de Niños (Millions of Kids) – 6:35
"Como Una Lombriz (Like a Worm) – 3:28
"Nuestra Realidad (Our Reality) – 2:10
Personnel
Alex Lora – guitar, vocals
Rafael Salgado – harmonic
Sergio Mancera – electric and rhythm guitar
Pedro Martínez – drums
Ruben Soriano – bass
External links
www.eltri.com.mx
Una Leyenda Viva Llamada El Tri at MusicBrainz
[ Una Leyenda Viva Llamada El Tri] at AllMusic
El Tri albums
1990 albums
Warner Music Group albums
James Shields may refer to:
James Shields (baseball) (born 1981), American baseball player
James Shields (politician, born 1762) (1762–1831), U.S. Representative from Ohio
James Shields (politician, born 1806) (1806–1879), U.S. Senator from Illinois, Minnesota, and Missouri
Shaemas O'Sheel (1886–1954), Irish-American poet, born James Shields
James Shields (Volk), an 1893 bronze sculpture of James Shields by Leonard Volk
James Shields (academic) (1918–1978), Scottish psychiatric geneticist
See also
Jimmy Shields (disambiguation)
The Tiger Rising is a 2022 American drama film written and directed by Ray Giarratana and starring Christian Convery, Madalen Mills, Katharine McPhee, Sam Trammell, Dennis Quaid and Queen Latifah. It is based on the 2001 book of the same name by Kate DiCamillo.
Plot
A young boy finds a tiger caged in the woods near where they live. Together, they plan to head toward its home-to-be.
Cast
Christian Convery as Rob Horton
Dennis Quaid as Beauchamp
Queen Latifah as Willie May
Madalen Mills as Sistine Bailey
Katharine McPhee as Caroline Horton
Sam Trammell as Rob Horton Sr.
Nicholas Ryan Hernandez as Billy Threemonger
Jayden Fontaine as Norton Threemonger
Ahmad Harhash as Rock Stevenson
Angela Giarratana as Miss Mills
Production
Principal photography occurred in Tifton, Georgia and Thomasville, Georgia in November 2019. Filming wrapped in December 2019.
Controversy
On November 18, 2021, The Hollywood Reporter published an article about Ryan Donnell Smith, Allen Cheney, Emily Hunter Salveson and Ryan Winterstern not paying crew members before or after filming the movie.
Release
The film was released in theaters on January 21, 2022 and on Demand and Digital February 8, 2022.
Box office
In South Africa, the film earned $16,541 from 59 theaters in its opening weekend. In the United States and Canada, the film earned $364,216 from 872 theaters in its first weekend, and $214,980 in its second.
Reception
The film has a 17% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 18 reviews, with an average rating of 4.2/10.
Nick Schager of Variety gave the film a negative review and wrote, "The fact that writer-director Ray Giarratana's film is based on Kate DiCamillo's children's book — and thus intended for young audiences — is hardly an excuse for such stodgy storytelling, which plays out with no mystery, ambiguity or subtlety."
Nadir Samara of Screen Rant awarded the film one star out of five and wrote, "The Tiger Rising is too serious & abstract for kids yet too ham-fisted for adults. Sadly, the tale has none of the imagination its protagonist does."
References
External links
American children's drama films
Films based on American novels
Films based on children's books
Films about tigers
Films set in Florida
Films shot in Georgia (U.S. state)
2020s English-language films
2020s American films
Tue Greenfort (born 1973) is a Danish artist best known for their environmentalist works. They studied at the Staatliche Hochschule für Bildende Künste (Städelschule), Frankfurt am Main and at Academy of Fünen, Denmark.
Selected solo exhibitions
2009 Frieze Projects, London
2009 Linear Deflection, Kunstverein Braunschweig, Braunschweig
2009 Fondazione Morra Greco, Naples
2007 Johann König, Berlin
2007 Medusa, Secession, Vienna
2006 Max Wigram Gallery, London
2006 Witte de With, Rotterdam, curated by Florian Waldvogel and Zoë Gray
2005 Betreten des Grundstücks erlaubt, Kunstverein Arnsberg
2004 Umwelt, Gallery Zero, Milan
Selected group exhibitions
2012 Arts in Marrakech (AiM) International Biennale 'Higher Atlas', Marrakech
2010 Rethink Kakotopia, Tensta Konsthall, Stockholm
2009 Rethink Kakotopia, Nikolaj, Copenhagen Contemporary Art Center
2009 GSK Contemporary: Earth, Royal Academy of Arts, London
2009 Life forms, Bonniers Konsthall, Stockholm
2009 Beyond These Walls, South London Gallery, London
2008 Flower Power, Rauma Biennale, Rauma Art Museum, Balticum
2008 Supernatural, CCA Andratx, Mallorca
2007 Ironie der Objekte, Museion, Bozen
2007 Made in Germany, Sprengel Museum, Hanover
2007 Crédac, Galerie Fernand Léger, Paris.
2004 Prisma, Galerie Martin Janda, Vienna
References
External links
KAKOTOPIA
Frieze Magazine
Bonniers Konsthall
Art News
21st-century sculptors
Danish video artists
1973 births
Living people
Mihnea III Radu (; 1613 – 5 April 1660), was a Prince of Moldavia, and ruler of Wallachia from March 1658 to November 1659. Their father was alleged to have been the Voivode Radu Mihnea.
Family
Ancestry claims
Radu's ancestry is uncertain. In their day, Radu claimed to be the son of Radu Mihnea, but other versions of their history give different accounts of their ancestry, such as claiming their true father was Radu Șerban or Mircea Ciobanu. Pârvu Cantacuzino claims that "Mihnea was originally a Greek money-lender. Their father was called Iane the Deaf (Rom. “Surdul”), and they themselves was baptized Franți. Thus, showing from a young age a propensity to follow Ishmael, Hagar's son, they ran away from their parents, went to Țarigrad, and bowed in allegiance to Kinan-pașa, telling them that they were the son of Radu-voivode and the grand-son of Mihnea-voivode. And thus they spent their life with the Turks, around 40 years".
However, the lack of contemporary evidence makes it hard to pinpoint their true ancestry.
Descendants
They had one son, Martin, who served as a general in the army of George Ducas.
Biography
Early life
According to a Turkish traveller, Mihnea was raised in the Greek community of Istanbul. They were a good friend of Grand Vizier Kenan Pasha and their wife, and their status was reportedly comparable to that of an adopted son.
Rise to power
In July 1653, Mihnea was probably behind an assassination attempt on Matei Basarab's life.
On 29 January 1658, Mihnea swore allegiance to Ottoman Sultan Mehmed IV.
A little over a month later, Ottoman troops invaded Wallachia and overthrew then-voivode Constantin Șerban, installing the more compliant Radu in their place on 5 March 1658.
Death
Mihnea most likely died on April 5, 1660, the day after attending a banquet in Sătmar hosted by Constantin Șerban.
References
Bibliography
Rulers of Wallachia
1613 births
1660 deaths
Road to Perdition is a 2002 American crime film directed by Sam Mendes.
"Road to Perdition" may also refer to:
Road to Perdition (comics), a 1998 graphic novel on which the film is based
Road to Perdition (soundtrack), a 2002 soundtrack album for the film
"Road to Perdition", a song on the 2002 soundtrack album
"Road to Perdition", a song by Jay Electronica on Act II: The Patents of Nobility (The Turn) (recorded circa 2011, released as a single in 2015 and on the album in 2020)
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 11 is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Arthur W. Saha. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in November, 1985.
Summary
The book collects thirteen novelettes and short stories by various fantasy authors, originally published in 1984 and deemed by the editor the best from the period represented, together with an introduction by the editor. It includes one posthumously published work (the story by Smith).
Contents
"Introduction" (Arthur W. Saha)
"Draco, Draco" (Tanith Lee)
"Harvest Child" (Steve Rasnic Tem)
"Love Among the Xoids" (John Sladek)
"Stoneskin" (John Morressy)
"Unmistakably the Finest" (Scott Bradfield)
"The Foxwife" (Jane Yolen)
"Golden Apples of the Sun" (originally published as "Virgin Territory") (Gardner R. Dozois, Jack M. Dann and Michael Swanwick)
"My Rose and My Glove" (Harvey Jacobs)
"Strange Shadows" (Clark Ashton Smith)
"A Little Two-Chair Barber Shop on Phillips Street" (Donald R. Burleson)
"Taking Heart" (Stephen L. Burns)
"The Storm" (David Morrell)
"A Cabin on the Coast" (Gene Wolfe)
Notes
1985 anthologies
Fantasy anthologies
DAW Books books
Greene County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2010, the population was 33,165. The county seat is Bloomfield. The county was determined by the US Census Bureau to include the mean center of U.S. population in 1930.
History
Greene County was formed in 1821, from unincorporated territory and from a portion of the previous Sullivan County. It was named for General Nathanael Greene, who commanded the southern theater in the American Revolutionary War, which eventually forced the British army under Charles Cornwallis to retreat to Yorktown. There it was forced to surrender, ensuring American independence.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Bloomfield have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1963 and a record high of was recorded in June 1953. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected from county districts. The council members serve four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners. The commissioners are elected county-wide, in four-year staggered terms. This board is charged with executing the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue, and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor and circuit court clerk. Each serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Greene County is part of Indiana's 8th congressional district; Indiana Senate districts 39 and 48; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 45, 60 and 62.
Greene County tends to vote Republican. Since 1888, county voters have chosen the Republican Party nominee in 73% (24 of 34) of the elections through 2020.
Education
Greene County has four separate school districts.
Eastern Greene High School
Linton-Stockton High School
Shakamak Junior-Senior High School
White River Valley High School
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.37%) is land and (or 0.63%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Clay County – north
Owen County – north
Monroe County – east
Lawrence County – southeast
Martin County – south
Daviess County – south
Knox County – southwest
Sullivan County – west
Cities
Jasonville
Linton
Towns
Bloomfield
Lyons
Newberry
Switz
City
Worthington
Census-designated places
Owensburg
Scotland
Other unincorporated places
Antioch
Beehunter
Bushrod
Calvertville
Cincinnati
Dixon
Doans
Dresden
Elliston
Furnace
Gilmour (partial)
Hashtown
Hendricksville
Hobbieville (called Jonesville 1837–1840)
Hoosier
Ilene
Island City
Johnstown
Koleen
Lone Tree
Marco
McVille
Midland
Midland Junction
Mineral City (also called Mineral)
Newark
Park
Plummer
Point Commerce
Redcuff Corner
Ridgeport
Rincon
Solsberry
Sponsler
Stalcup Corner
Summit
Tanner
Tulip
Vicksburg
Victoria
White Rose
Townships
Beech Creek
Cass
Center
Fairplay
Grant
Highland
Jackson
Jefferson
Richland
Smith
Stafford
Stockton
Taylor
Washington
Wright
Major highways
Economy
The Greene County Economic Development Corporation (GCEDC) currently serves to develop new businesses and support current businesses in Greene County, Indiana. This asset was established to assist in bringing projects to the county. Coupled with The Indiana Economic Development Corporation, Greene County has developed an incentive portfolio to assist potential new employers.
The county has been designated a Labor Surplus Area and an SBA HUB Zone (Historically Underused Business Zone), which provides advantages to county businesses in government contract bidding and eligibility for federal and state assistance. Employee location and screening services are offered by WorkOne Linton, the local branch of the Indiana State Workforce Development office. Worker training programs are available onsite and at the Greene County Community Learning Center, which serves as a local access site for area colleges and universities.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 33,165 people, 13,487 households, and 9,276 families in the county. The population density was . There were 15,211 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.1% white, 0.3% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.1% black or African American, 0.3% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 25.5% were German, 16.8% were Irish, 12.9% were American, and 11.2% were English.
Of the 13,487 households, 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were married couples living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.2% were non-families, and 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.92. The median age was 41.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $50,740. Males had a median income of $41,524 versus $31,890 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,676. About 10.0% of families and 14.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.7% of those under age 18 and 8.9% of those age 65 or over.
See also
Maryland Ridge Community (Indiana)
National Register of Historic Places listings in Greene County, Indiana
Greene County Economic Development Corporation
References
Indiana counties
1821 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1821
Euchrysops alberta, the Sahel Cupid, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in north-western Nigeria, Sudan and northern Uganda.
References
Butterflies described in 1901
Euchrysops
Brierfield is a small town and civil parish in Pendle, Lancashire, England. It contains seven listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. All of the listed buildings are designated at Grade II, the lowest of the three grades, which is applied to "buildings of national importance and special interest". The listed buildings are varied in type, consisting of a house, two religious buildings, a bridge over the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, the Town Hall, a war memorial, and a former cotton mill.
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Lancashire
Buildings and structures in the Borough of Pendle
Aart J. de Geus (born June 11, 1954) is the co-founder, chairperson and co-CEO of Synopsys Inc.
De Geus graduated with a master's degree in electrical engineering (1978) from the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (Swiss Federal Institute of technology), EPFL, Switzerland followed by a Ph.D. from Southern Methodist University, Texas, United States, in 1985.
De Geus was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 2019 for leadership and technical contributions to logic synthesis for integrated circuits.  They are also a fellow of IEEE and a Phil Kaufman Award winner.
Recognition and awards
Electronic Business magazine chose De Geus as one of "The 10 Most Influential Executives" of 2002. They were honored for pioneering the commercial logic synthesis market, becoming the third recipient of the IEEE Circuits and Systems Society Industrial Pioneer Award. Also in 2002, shortly after handling the largest merger in electronic design automation history, De Geus was named CEO of the Year by Electronic Business magazine. In 2004 they were named Entrepreneur of the Year in IT for Northern California by Ernst & Young. De Geus is the recipient of the 2007 IEEE Robert N. Noyce Medal For contributions to, and leadership in, the technology and business development of the Electronic Design Automation. They were awarded in 2008 Phil Kaufman Award for distinguished contributions to electronic design automation.
References
Aart de Geus: At the Heart of High-Tech
1954 births
Living people
American computer businesspeople
Geus, Aart
Geus, Aart
Electronic design automation people
École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne alumni
Southern Methodist University alumni
KSCC (channel 38) is a television station in Corpus Christi, Texas, United States, affiliated with Fox and MyNetworkTV. Owned by Sinclair Broadcast Group, the station maintains studios on South Padre Island Drive in Corpus Christi, and its transmitter is located southeast of Robstown.
Because KSCC is a full-power television station, its signal covers the Corpus Christi metropolitan area, as well as outlying towns as far as Raymondville and George West. The coverage area is far greater than that of the market's original Fox affiliate, low-power K47DF (channel 47, now a Telemundo affiliate).
KSCC was also used to provide full-market over-the-air 16:9 widescreen standard definition digital coverage of two co-owned low-power analog stations (on its two subchannels): TBD owned-and-operated station KXPX-LP (simulcast over KSCC-DT2) and MyNetworkTV affiliate KTOV-LP (simulcast over KSCC-DT3). This ended when the low-power stations' licenses were turned in on April 3, 2018; both now operate solely as subchannels of KSCC.
History
The station began operations on January 15, 2008 as independent station KUQI; it assumed the Fox affiliation for the market on February 4, 2008, the day after Super Bowl XLII, replacing K47DF as the area's affiliate. KUQI began broadcasting Fox programming in HD by 2011. The original owner was High Maintenance Broadcasting, a company run by Deidre Gillis, Lori Hoffmann and Vanisha Mallory.
On March 15, 2012, National Communications announced it would purchase KUQI from High Maintenance Broadcasting with an intent to enter into a shared services agreement with London Broadcasting, then-owner of local ABC affiliate KIII (channel 3). On August 28, 2012, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) approved the sale of KUQI, with plans for the station to change its call sign from KUQI to KFCC upon consummation. However, the sale to National Communications was canceled on January 11, 2013; the National/London consortium cited numerous attempts to close the deal with High Maintenance without success.
High Maintenance then declared bankruptcy in early 2013, remaining as debtor-in-possession. In late 2014, the sale of the station to Corpus 18, LLC, a partnership formed by the noteholders of debt of High Maintenance and related company GH Broadcasting, was finalized. On October 2, 2015, Corpus 18 agreed to sell KUQI, KXPX-LP (channel 14), and KTOV-LP (channel 21) to Sinclair Broadcast Group for $9.25 million. The sale was completed on January 8, 2016. The station changed its call sign to KSCC on October 11, 2017.
News programming
KSCC does not currently have a news department, but it did simulcast the 9 p.m. newscast from Fox owned-and-operated station KRIV in Houston, advertised by KUQI under the title KUQI Tonight powered by Fox 26. The simulcast ended on June 28, 2012, due to the then-planned sale of the station. Upon Sinclair's assumption of ownership, the station began to simulcast morning programming from sister Fox station KABB in San Antonio, including the 7–9 a.m. block of Fox News First, and Daytime with Kimberly & Esteban.
Technical information
Subchannels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
Analog-to-digital conversion
KSCC (as KUQI) shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 38, on June 12, 2009, and "flash-cut" its digital signal into operation UHF channel 38. Because it was granted an original construction permit after the FCC finalized the DTV allotment plan on April 21, 1997, the station did not receive a companion channel for a digital television station.
References
External links
Television channels and stations established in 2008
SCC
Fox network affiliates
Sinclair Broadcast Group
2008 establishments in Texas
TBD (TV network) affiliates
Charge! (TV network) affiliates
LEHS may refer to:
Licensed Environmental Health Scientist. A requirement to work as a health inspector in some states. Both state and national exam are required, Bachelor of Science or BA + 30.
Lugoff-Elgin High School, Lugoff, South Carolina, United States
Lady Eleanor Holles School, Hampton, London, England
Lakota East High School, Liberty Township, Ohio, United States
English High School (Lynn, Massachusetts), United States
Manyoni is an administrative ward in the Manyoni District of the Singida Region of Tanzania. In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 27,986 people in the ward, from 25,505 in 2012.
References
Wards of Singida Region
In cinematography, night-for-night filming is the practice of actually filming night scenes at night.
In the early days of cinema, before the invention of the proper lighting systems, night scenes were filmed "day-for-night"—that is, they were filmed during the day, and the film was "corrected", either with a polarized lens on the movie camera, or via a variety of post-production techniques. Day-for-night shooting is still used in low-budget films.
The American television producer Quinn Martin was known for heavily utilizing night-for-night filming.
References
Film and video terminology
Alexandre-Louis Leloir (14 March 1843 – 28 January 1884) was a French painter specializing in genre and history paintings.
Life and career
Alexandre-Louis Leloir was born in Paris, France. They were born into a family with a rich artistic heritage, the son of the painter and fashion illustrator Héloïse Colin and the grandson of the painter Alexandre-Marie Colin. Their younger brother was the painter and illustrator Maurice Leloir.
Leloir received their early art education from their parents and their maternal grandfather, Alexandre Colin, who had been a pupil of Girodet. In 1860, Leloir entered the École des Beaux-Arts and made several attempts to win the prestigious Prix de Rome. In 1861, they won a Second Grand Prix with The Death of Priam (Museum of Art and Archeology, Guéret), then again in 1862, 1863, and again won a Second Grand Prize in 1864 with Homer on the island of Scyros (Unterlinden Museum, Colmar). They received a medal at the Paris Exposition in 1878. They also distinguished themselves in the contest of the Half-figure Painted in 1864.
Specializing in historical subject matter and genre scenes, they participated in the Salon as early as 1863, with a scene of the Massacre of Innocents (Musée Bernard-d'Agesci, Niort). Their work The Fight of Jacob with the Angel (Roger Quilliot Art Museum in Clermont-Ferrand) presented at the Salon of 1865 is an example of their virtuosity. From 1868, they directed their painting towards genre scenes, drawing inspiration from medieval everyday life, from the interiors of the Grand Siècle, in the Dutch manner, and in Orientalist scenes. They illustrated some editions published by Damase Jouaust, and also illustrated books by Molière and other notable authors. They participated in the foundation of the Society of French Watercolourists in 1879. They were made a Chevalier of the Legion of Honor in 1876.
Selected works
La Mort de Priam, (Priam's Death) 1861, Guéret, Musée d'art et d'archéologie
Véturie aux Pieds de Coriolan, (Coriolan's Journey on Foot), 1862, Location unknown
Joseph Reconnu par ses Frères, (Joseph Recognised by their Brothers) 1863, Private Collection
Le Massacre des Innocents, (The Massacre of the Innocents), 1863, Niort, Musée Bernard d'Agesci
Demi Figure Peinte, (Half-figure Painted), 1864, Paris, École Nationale Supérieure des Beaux-Arts
Homère dans l'île de Scyros, (Homer on the Island of Scyros), 1864, Colmar, Musée d'Unterlinden
Daniel dans la Fosse aux Lions, (Daniel in the Lion's Den), 1864, Location unknown, formerly in Douai, Musée de la Chartreuse
Lutte de Jacob et l'Ange, (Jacob Wrestling with the Angel), 1865, Clermont-Ferrand, Musée d'Art Roger-Quilliot
Baptême des Sauvages aux îles Canaries, (Baptism of Natives in the Canary Islands), 1868, Angers, musée des Beaux-Arts
Le Guet-apens, (The Ambush), 1869, Paris, musée du Petit-Palais
Tentation, (Temptation), 1869, Private Collection
Le Choix du Dîner, (Choosing the Dinner), 1872, New-York, Metropolitan Museum of Art
Interlude Musical, (Musical Interlude), Location unknown, 1874
A Chariot of Swallow,'' Date unknown
References
External links
Works by Leloir at the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Works by Leloir at the Rijksmuseum
19th-century French painters
French male painters
Painters from Paris
1843 births
1884 deaths
19th-century painters of historical subjects
Orientalist painters
Prix de Rome for painting
19th-century French male artists
La Chanson de Craonne (; English: The Song of Craonne) is an anti-military song of World War I have written in 1917. The song was written to the tune of Bonsoir M'Amour (Charles Sablon), sung by Emma Liebel. It is sometimes known by the first line of the chorus, Adieu la vie (Goodbye to life).
History
This song was sung by the French soldiers who mutinied (in sixty eight of the one hundred and ten divisions of the French Army) after the costly and militarily disastrous offensive of General Robert Nivelle at the Chemin des Dames, spring 1917.
The song was prohibited in France until 1974. Even though an award of 1 million francs and the immediate honorable release from the army were offered for revealing the maker, the original author of the song remained unknown.
These revolts brought about severe reprimands, notably by General Philippe Pétain, who was named on 17 May as the replacement for General Nivelle. They were directly tasked with the mission of rebuilding the sagging morale of the war-weary French Army. They went about this with the punishment of the leaders of the mutiny, condemning 554 to death, though only 26 were actually executed. They also improved conditions of the soldiers with better food, better cantonments, better organization for military leaves, and suspended the deadly offensives to limit the casualties.
Origin of the Song
This song was anonymously created, though surely by many authors. The song constantly evolved during the course of the war due to the changing role of those engaged in combat. The song first appeared under the name La Chanson de Lorette evoking the Battle of Lorette à Ablain-St. Nazaire that occurred between the twelve months of October 1914 and October 1915. The song was modified in order to sing about the Second Battle of Champagne. In 1916, the song was sung during the ghastly Battle of Verdun, with the refrain:
Adieu la vie, adieu l'amour,
Adieu toutes les femmes
C'est pas fini, c'est pour toujours
De cette guerre infâme
C'est à Verdun, au fort de Vaux
Qu'on a risqué sa peau
La Chanson de Craonne
The final version, "The Song of Craonne" was written in 1917 during the French Army's Mutinies. The village of Craonne on the plateau of Californie was the site of bloody fighting on 16 April 1917 during Nivelle's failed Offensives. It was these bloody offensives that pushed the French Army over the edge.
Verses
English
After the war this song was not allowed at all on French airwaves. The writer Paul Vaillant-Couturier, who was also a World War I veteran, preserved the song, and later had it published.
In film
The song's chorus is sung in Oh! What a Lovely War (1969).
The song is sung by a soldier in A Very Long Engagement (2004).
References
Anti-war songs
Songs about the military
Songs about France
Songs about cities
1917 songs
French songs
Women in Games WIGJ is a UK-based community interest company which aims to recruit more women into the video gaming industry and to protect the interests of women in the industry. It was founded in 2009 and originally known as Women in Games Jobs (WIGJ); the initials are still part of its legal name. The company's CEO is Marie Claire Isaaman.
The company began a mentoring program in 2015 to support women joining the games industry. In 2018 it was announced that Facebook would be partnering with Women in Games WIGJ in its Women in Gaming Initiative, "dedicated to encouraging more women to join the games industry".
Women in Games WIGJ run an annual conference - Women in Games European Conference - in addition to an annual awards ceremony. There was controversy when in 2018 WIGJ awarded its "Best presenter" esports award to a man, James Banks.
See also
Women and video games
References
External links
2009 establishments in the United Kingdom
Women in the video game industry
Video game organizations
KXOF may refer to:
KXOF-CD, a low-power television station (channel 31) licensed to serve Laredo, Texas, United States
KETF-CD, a low-power television station (channel 27, virtual 39) licensed to serve Laredo, Texas, which held the call signs KXOF-CA or KXOF-CD from 2007 to 2018
William Daniel Sullivan (born 1950) is a retired United States Navy officer who served as the U.S. military representative to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
Sullivan also served as Vice Director for Strategic Plans and Policy on the Joint Staff, and as Director to the U.S. Pacific Command for Strategy and Plans. They commanded during Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm and during Persian Gulf combat operations.
Education
Bachelor's degree from Florida State University in 1972.
Master's degree in national security studies from Georgetown University in 1990.
Master's degree in national security strategy from the National War College in 1994.
References
External links
Official Profile
FSU Veterans Advancement Board bio
1950 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Florida State University alumni
Walsh School of Foreign Service alumni
National War College alumni
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Navy admirals
Al otro lado is a 2005 documentary film about illegal immigration and drug trafficking between Mexico and the United States, addressing issues facing people north and south of the border, though the film mostly focuses on Magdiel, a 23-year-old fisherman and aspiring composer who dreams of a better life in the United States.
Al otro lado was produced and directed by Natalia Almada and was aired as part of PBS's POV series in 2006. It was met with critical acclaim and received a 78% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. It also received the Special Jury Prize and the Best Editing Award at the Cine Ceará Film Festival and was nominated for the Gotham Award for Best Film Not Playing in a Theater Near You.
References
External links
P.O.V. Al Otro Lado - PBS's site dedicated to the film
Films about Mexican drug cartels
2005 films
2005 television films
Documentary films about immigration to the United States
Documentary films about the illegal drug trade
2005 documentary films
2000s Mexican films
Manhattan Beach was a former amusement park in Denver, USA, (1881-1914). It was built near Denver on the shore of Sloan's Lake in Edgewater, Colorado, and was the first amusement park created west of the Mississippi River. Open to the public for the first time on 27 June 1881, it had a roller coaster, a dance hall, a Ferris wheel, boating attractions, hot air balloon rides, wrestling bears, contortionists, aerial acts (including a human cannonball), a man who walked on ceilings, and exhibits displaying more than 40 species of animals, but its primary draw was Roger the Elephant (real name: Rajah), who was a popular children's ride. Visitors reached the park by streetcar, boats, and wagons.
A large theater at the park was opened on June 27, 1891. It featured everything from light opera to vaudeville.
While Manhattan Beach was a popular destination, competition (from nearby Elitch Gardens and White City, the latter eventually becoming Lakeside Amusement Park) and mishaps marked its existence. Roger the Elephant was spooked by the sound of a hot-air balloon, bucked passengers and stepped on the head of a six-year-old boy; George W. Eaton (son of Pressley Jr. and Harriett Eaton, brother of Clayton Arnold "Jack" Eaton). In 1908, Manhattan Beach was damaged by fire; later that year, it was rebuilt and reopened as Luna Park. It closed for the final time in 1914.
References
Defunct amusement parks in the United States
1881 establishments in Colorado
1914 disestablishments in Colorado
Geography of Denver
The Last Pirates (original title: Gli ultimi filibustieri ) is an adventure novel written by Italian author Emilio Salgari, published in 1908. It is the final book in Salgari's popular The Black Corsair series.
Plot summary
The Last Pirates follow Countess Ines di Ventimiglia, the daughter of the Red Corsair, as they go back to Panama to claim their inheritance as granddaughter of the Cacique of Darien. The Marquis de Montelimar, however, eager to marry them and put their hands on the inheritance decides to kidnap them It's up to Mendoza, Buttafuoco and don Barrejo to free her, which they do with the help of another pirate, Raveneau de Lussan. Once they finish the rescue, they depart with a ship full of gold and retire to live in peace.
Film adaptation
Two film adaptations were made of The Last Pirates, Gli ultimi filibustieri, in 1921 by Vitale De Stefano, and Gli ultimi filibustieri in 1943 by Marco Elter.
See also
The Black Corsair
The Queen of the Caribbean
Son of the Red Corsair
Sandokan series
The Mystery of the Black Jungle
The Tigers of Mompracem
The Pirates of Malaysia
The Two Tigers
The King of the Sea
Quest for a Throne
1908 novels
Novels by Emilio Salgari
Italian novels adapted into films
The Putney School is an independent high school in Putney, Vermont. The school was founded in 1935 by Carmelita Hinton on the principles of the Progressive Education movement and the teachings of its principal exponent, John Dewey. It is a co-educational, college-preparatory boarding school, with a day-student component, outside Brattleboro, Vermont. Danny O'Brien became head of school in 2022. The school enrolls approximately 225 students on a hilltop campus with classrooms, dormitories, and a dairy farm on which its students work before graduating.
Putney emphasizes academics, a work program, the arts, and physical activity. Its curriculum is intended to teach the value of labor, art, community, ethics, and scholarship for individual growth.
Campus
Most of the buildings on Putney's campus were partially or completely built by Putney students and faculty, with the exception of the most recent additions, the Michael S. Currier Center and the Field House. The Currier Center is a departure from Putney's customary white, colonial-style architecture, instead using stone and concrete walls in an angular design. It is used for dance, music, movie-making and visual-art presentations. The Field House, which opened in October 2009, was designed as a "net zero-energy building".
Academic program
In 1995, the Boston Globe described Putney as combining "a New England work ethic and a strong academic program." It is a member of the Independent Curriculum Group and in 2009 received a 10-year accreditation review by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges.
Notable alumni and faculty
Alumni
According to The Putney School 2008 Alumni Directory, alumni of The Putney School include (graduation date shown, where applicable):
Sam Amidon, musician
David Amram '48, composer
Tim Asch '51, anthropologist, filmmaker
Carlos Buhler '72, mountaineer
Peter L. Buttenwieser, educator, philanthropist, member of the Lehman family
Tim Caldwell, Olympic cross-country skier, son of John Caldwell
Jonathan Crary, art historian
Dave Cole '96, sculptor
Carlton Cuse '77, television writer/executive of LOST
Tim Daly '74, actor
Alicia Dana '87, U.S. Paralympian
Lydia Davis '65, writer, Man Booker International Prize recipient
Thulani Davis '61, playwright, journalist, librettist, novelist, poet, and screenwriter
Anna Dewdney '83, children's book author and illustrator
Barnaby Dorfman '86, inventor, technology products
Mahdi ElMandjra '50, Moroccan futurist, economist and sociologist
Kai T. Erikson '49, sociologist
David Griffiths '60, physicist, teacher
William B. Gray, U.S. Attorney for Vermont
Andrea Gruber, soprano
William Hinton '36, author, agricultural advisor, People's Republic of China
Joan Hinton '39, atomic physicist, dairy farmer in China
Lee Hirsch '90, filmmaker.
Jeffrey Hollender '73, CEO of Seventh Generation Inc.
Reid Hoffman '85, web entrepreneur, co-founder of LinkedIn
Felicity Huffman '81, actor
Jeffrey Jones '64, actor
Harper Simon '90, singer-songwriter, guitarist and producer and son of Paul Simon
Kathleen Kennedy Townsend '69, lieutenant governor of Maryland
Kerry Kennedy '77, lawyer and human rights activist
Bill Koch '73, Olympic cross-country skiing medalist
Steven Kunes '74, TV writer and producer
Mike Ladd, hip-hop artist
Jonathan Lash '63, Hampshire College president
Ellen Hamilton Latzen '99, actor
Téa Leoni (Pantaleoni) '84, actor
Christopher Lehmann-Haupt, '52, journalist, critic, novelist
J. Anthony Lukas '51, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and author
Jared Martin, actor
Sally Mann '69, fine-art photographer
Joanna Miles '58, Emmy award-winning actor in The Glass Menagerie
Adrian Morris, painter
Errol Morris '65, filmmaker
Nell Newman '78, co-founder/owner, Newman's Own
Heather Nova '83, musician and songwriter
Ken Olin '72 actor, director and TV producer
Bob Perelman '64, poet, literary critic and professor
Jonathan Piel '57, science journalist, past editor of Scientific American
Tyler Rasch '06, television personality
Noel Rockmore '47, painter, portraitist
Martha Rockwell '62, Olympic cross-country ski racer
Jonathan Rosenbaum '61, film critic
Demetria Royals, filmmaker
Jonathan Schell '61, author
Wallace Shawn '61, actor, playwright
Lucy Shelton '61, soprano
Alexis Stewart '83, television host, daughter of Martha Stewart
Peter Willcox '72, Greenpeace activist, Arctic Sunrise captain
Ellen Winner, professor specializing in the psychology of art
John Bell Young, American concert pianist
Faculty
Some Putney faculty members (subject taught in parentheses) had careers that extended beyond their teaching.
Eric Aho (art), American painter
John H. Caldwell (mathematics), Nordic skier on the U.S. Olympic Ski Team, author and Nordic coach of the U.S. Olympic Ski Team
Chard deNiord (English, philosophy), Poet Laureate of Vermont
Eric Evans (English) Olympic canoeist
Fernando Gerassi (art), artist
Peter C. Goldmark, Jr. (history), environmentalist, publisher, and executive
Margarete Seeler (art), German-born American artist, designer, educator, and author
References
Further reading
External links
Putney School web site
The Association of Boarding Schools profile
Private high schools in Vermont
Boarding schools in Vermont
Preparatory schools in Vermont
Buildings and structures in Putney, Vermont
Educational institutions established in 1935
Schools in Windham County, Vermont
1935 establishments in Vermont
White Glass Company was one of Ohio's early members of the glass industry. It existed from 1815 until approximately 1851.
Beginning
Begun in Zanesville, Ohio at the South West corner of 3rd and Market Streets. It was chartered 13 May 1815 with Isaac Van Horne as President and their son in law Dr. John E. Hamm as Secretary.
They made glass bottles with the Eagle and Masonic Symbols.
Perspective
Some websources have it as the earliest glass company in Ohio. However, there were clearly other earlier glassmakers in Ohio, but few if any of these ever reached the incorporation stage. Much of the early glass industry was sole proprietorships, and the nature of early Ohio Industry was such that almost all of the really early glassmakers left few records. Such was the nature of the craft that it was a rarity for the early glassmakers to be able to read or write. However John Hamm and Isaac Van Horne, were unlike the average early Ohio glass manufacturers, both literate. They also had fairly deep pockets and were members of the State and local government. As such they went into the enterprise mostly in the way of the modern business person, as entrepreneurs, rather than as workers.
The company was later known as The Ohio Valley Glass Company.
Several examples of the bottles manufactured at the Ohio Glass Company can be found on the web as of 2007.
Sources
Y Bridge City "The Story of Zanesville and Muskingum County, Ohio". Norris F. Schneider, The World Publishing Co., 1950. p. 82.
Glassmaking companies of the United States
Defunct glassmaking companies
Defunct manufacturing companies based in Ohio
19th century in Ohio
Zanesville, Ohio
Manufacturing companies established in 1815
American companies established in 1815
American companies disestablished in 1851
1815 establishments in Ohio
1851 disestablishments in Ohio
Manufacturing companies disestablished in 1851
Claus Flemming Frederik Brandt Jensen (19 September 1914 – 30 November 1965) was a Danish rower.
Jensen was born in 1914 in Copenhagen. They competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin with the men's coxed four and came sixth. They died in 1965.
References
1914 births
1965 deaths
Danish male rowers
Olympic rowers of Denmark
Rowers at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Rowers from Copenhagen
European Rowing Championships medalists
Sfar may refer to:
Joann Sfar (born 1971), French comics artist, comic book creator and film director
Rachid Sfar (born 1933), Tunisian Prime Minister under Habib Bourguiba
Selima Sfar (born 1977), Tunisian tennis player
Sfäär, a restaurant in Tallinn, Estonia
USS Corvina (SS-226), a Gato-class submarine, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the corvina.
Construction and commissioning
Corvina′s keel was laid down by the Electric Boat Company of Groton, Connecticut, on September 21, 1942. They were launched on May 9, 1943, sponsored by Mrs. LaRene P. Christie, wife of Rear Admiral Ralph. W. Christie, commander of submarine operations in Fremantle, Australia, and commissioned on August 6, 1943.
Service record
Clearing New London, Connecticut, on September 18, 1943, Corvina arrived at Pearl Harbor on October 14. They put out from Pearl Harbor on their maiden war patrol November 4, topped up their fuel tanks at Johnston Island two days later, and was never heard from again.
Them assignment had been a dangerous one: to patrol as closely as possible to the heavily guarded stronghold of Truk and to intercept any Japanese sortie endangering the forthcoming American invasion of the Gilbert Islands. Japanese records report that Japanese submarine I-176 launched three torpedoes at an enemy submarine south of Truk on November 16, claiming two hits which resulted in the explosion of the target. Them loss with their crew of 82 was announced March 14, 1944, making Corvina the only American submarine to have been sunk by a Japanese submarine in the entire war.
In popular culture
Reference is made to the loss of the Corvina in the 1951 John Wayne film Operation Pacific. In the film, the fictitious Gato-class sub USS Thunderfish makes an impromptu rendezvous with the Corvina after the Corvina had reported problems on Number 4 Main Engine. The subs exchange engine parts and the captains also exchange films, John Wayne offering George Washington Slept Here, and the Corvina's captain offering "a submarine picture", later revealed to be the 1943 film Destination Tokyo. Later, while the crew of the Thunderfish are watching Destination Tokyo, John Wayne is shown trying to figure out torpedo explosions reported by the sub's sonar operator. The following day, the Thunderfish comes across wreckage, and discovers the case containing George Washington Slept Here, revealing that the Corvina had been sunk. The Thunderfish's radar then reports a single contact, and the sub submerges. John Wayne discovers "one I-type Jap submarine" while looking through the periscope. The Thunderfish then engages, torpedoes, and sinks the Japanese sub, avenging the loss of the Corvina.
See also
List of U.S. Navy losses in World War II
References
External links
On Eternal Patrol: USS Corvina
Gato-class submarines
World War II submarines of the United States
Lost submarines of the United States
World War II shipwrecks in the Pacific Ocean
Ships built in Groton, Connecticut
Ships sunk by Japanese submarines
1943 ships
Ships lost with all hands
Maritime incidents in November 1943
Submarines sunk by submarines
The Treaty with Algiers was signed on June 30, 1815, between the United States of America and the "Barbary State" of Algeria. As the treaty provided in Article One:
There shall be from the Conclusion of this treaty, a firm inviolable and universal peace and friendship between the President and Citizens of the United States of America on the one part, and the Dey and Subjects of the Regency of Algiers in Barbary, on the other, made by the free consent of both parties and upon the terms of the most favored nations; and if either party shall hereafter grant to any other nation, any particular favor or privilege in navigation or Commerce it shall immediately become common to the other party, freely when freely it is granted to such other nation; but when the grant is conditional, it shall be at the option of the contracting parties to accept, alter, or reject such conditions, in such manner as shall be most conducive to their respective interests.
It was ratified by the United States Congress on December 26, 1815.
See also
List of treaties
External links
Text of the Treaty
Barbary Wars
Tunis
Tunis
Algeria–United States relations
1815 treaties
Treaties of Algeria
Ottoman Algeria
June 1815 events
The Presentation of Benefices Act 1688 (1 Will & Mary c 26) was an Act of the Parliament of England.
The whole Act was repealed by section 41(2) of, and Schedule 5 to, the Patronage (Benefices) Measure 1986.
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
Acts of the Parliament of England
1688 in law
1688 in England
Jansenia rugosiceps is a species of tiger beetle found in southern India. They are found mainly on rocks and boulders on hills in scrub forest. An examination of pygidial gland chemical defenses found that the species does not produce significant benzaldehyde unlike many other tiger beetle species.
References
External links
Image
Cicindelinae
Ashwood School is a coeducational specialist school, located on Montpellier Road, Ashwood, Victoria. It was established in 1976 and caters for students aged 5 to 18 years old with mild intellectual disabilities.
Awards
Principal of the school, Helen Hatherly, was awarded a Medal of the Order of Australia in the 2014 Queen's Birthday Honours (Australia).
References
External links
Ashwood School website
1976 establishments in Australia
Educational institutions established in 1976
Schools in Melbourne
Special schools in Australia
Arbatov (masculine, ) or Arbatova (feminine, ) is a Russian surname.
This surname is shared by the following people:
Arbatov
Alexei Arbatov (born 1951), Russian political scientist, academic, author and former politician
Georgy Arbatov (1923–2010), Soviet and Russian political scientist
Arbatova
Maria Arbatova (born 1957), Russian novelist, playwright, journalist, talkshow host and politician
Russian-language surnames
Aa Raathri () is a 1983 Indian Malayalam-language drama film directed by Joshiy and written by Kaloor Dennis, with Mammootty and Poornima Bhagyaraj in lead roles. Rohini, M. G. Soman and Lalu Alex appear in supporting roles. The film follows the life of a happy family and how a set of unfortunate events ruin their lives. The film's songs were composed by Ilaiyaraaja, with lyrics written by Poovachal Khader.
Plot
Ravi and Indu are happily married and they have a daughter, Minimol. Ravi is working in a bank and Indu is a housewife. Indu was brought up in an orphanage at Ernakulam. Ravi had fallen for them and they got married. They are now settled in Trivandrum.
Abdu is illegally 'employed' as a 'false witness' in court. People will hire them for providing false witness during court judgments.
Venu and their two friends stay in a house. Venu is a decent guy but the other two will always go behind girls for their desires.
There was an invite for Ravi and Indu to attend the feast of Mother (who was the matron of the orphanage in which Indu was brought up), and they plan to go.
During proceeding of one of the cases, Abdu tells that they had seen the alleged person committing a murder, and they should be given the maximum punishment. The alleged person pleads to the court, that they have not committed it. However court orders the alleged to be hanged. The wife and daughter of the alleged commit suicide by jumping in front of the train. After watching their corpses, Abdu regrets to their mother and takes the decision to lead a good life by doing a decent job. They then starts in the job of a fish seller in the market.
On their return journey from Ernakulam after attending the feast, Radha runs and gets into the compartment in which Ravi and Indu are traveling. Radha's stepfather started misbehaving with them after their mother's death so they wish to escape from him. They boarded the train as their cousin and fiance (Venu) was employed at Trivandrum and they had decided to reach them for help. On reaching Trivandrum, Radha stays with Ravi and Indu. Minimol is much interested in Radha. In the meantime, Ravi starts enquiring about Venu, who was a medical representative. Ravi gets the information that Venu has been to Madras for training, and once they are back they will be promoted to area manager. Days pass and as Radha's grief increases day by day, Ravi gets a job for them in YWCA. However, as per their rules, Radha has to stay there. So Radha parts with them to stay there.
Venu returns after the training, and they start partying in a bar. Ravi, Indu and Minimol visit Radha in YWCA and they go for an outing. After the outing, Minimol wants to stay with Radha. So Ravi and Indu return after leaving Minimol with Radha, with the assurance that Radha will drop them at the house the next morning. Ravi and Indu takes dinner outside and they go for a second show (movie). Venu and their friends too come for the movie and they get seated just behind Ravi and Indu's seat. Venu was seated just behind Indu. Despite initial warnings from Venu, their friends try to trouble Indu. And while Ravi goes to the toilet in between, and as the molestation becomes too much, Indu turns back and beats Venu, thinking that they were disturbed by Venu. As the people in the theatre get angry with the three, they leave the theatre and go to a bar. Venu feels much depressed as they were humiliated in front of the crowd in the theatre for an offence they had not done. Their friends console them by telling them that they will take revenge for this. While Ravi and Indu was returning after the movie, they block them, thrash Ravi and take Indu in the car. Abdu sees Ravi, and they both search for the car. However, they did not succeed and they file a complaint with the police. Ravi gets back home and spend the night in chair sleepless. In the morning when Radha returns with Minimol, the phone rings and they get the information that Indu is admitted in the hospital. Ravi goes to see that they were raped, and takes them home. They take good care of them to recover. Though Indu plans suicide, Ravi consoles them by telling that it's their personality that they had liked and not their body.
As Indu also suggests, Ravi wants to withdraw the case as they fear that the proceedings in the court may hurt Indu mentally again. However, when the police Inspector suggests that it will allow the accused to be free again, Ravi somehow agrees. Abdu was approached for telling false witness in the court for Venu and their friends, but they deny. Abdu assures Ravi that they will provide witness in the court for Indu and Ravi.
On the way Abdu meets their old teacher Rahim. We come to know that Abdu is actually Gopi, who had eloped while they were young, leaving their mother and sister. Gopi was falsely caught for a pick-pocket case and then they had reached the hands of a Muslim family where they had called them Abdu. Rahim says that after the death of Gopi's mother, they had taken Gopi's sister to an orphanage in Ernakulam, and gives the details of the orphanage.
While the case proceedings happen in the court, Radha had a glimpse on Venu and they were shocked to see that Venu is one among the culprits. Abdu tells false witness against Indu, alleging them as a prostitute. Also, Indu could not answer the criminal lawyer's questions. The culprits are set free. Ravi gets angry with Abdu, and start to fight with him, when the crowd pulls them apart. Abdu visits the orphanage to find out that Indu is their sister. They return to Ravi's house to see that Indu had committed suicide. Radha visits Venu and curses him. While they return, they are taken into custody by Venu's friends. On seeing that Radha is about to be raped by their friends, Venu fights them. They confirm to Radha that they are innocent and they were the one who had taken Indu to hospital (after their friends had raped them that night).
Ravi was looking to take revenge for all happenings. As they were about to beat Venu, Radha interferes and tells Ravi that Venu is their husband and they are innocent. While Minimol is all alone at the house, Abdu reaches there and takes them While Ravi sees this they get angry and starts fighting with Abdu. Abdu somehow blocks Ravi and tells them that Indu was their sister and in order to get cash to conduct their sister's marriage, they had borne false witness in court.
Ravi and Abdu then set out to hunt the two criminals, and finally kills them. The film ends with Minimol being taken by Radha and Venu, as the police vehicle departs with Ravi in it.
Cast
Mammootty as Ravi
Poornima Bhagyaraj as Indhu
M. G. Soman as Abdu/Gopi
Rohini as Radha
Ratheesh as Venu
Lalu Alex as Babu
Cochin Haneefa
Anju as Minikutty
Prathapachandran
Philomina
Jagathy Sreekumar as Sundereshan
Sukumari
Kunchan
K. P. A. C. Sunny
Kothuku Nanappan as Rahim master
Release and reception
The film was released on 23 April 1983. The film was critically acclaimed and became a blockbuster and was one of the highest grossers of the year. The film ran for 50 days in all release theatres.
Soundtrack
References
External links
1980 films
1980s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
Films directed by Joshiy
Wintin may refer to:
Wintin, a brand name of the generic drug Lorazepam
Win Tin, (1930 – 2014), a Burmese journalist, politician, and political prisoner
See also
Winton (disambiguation)
Ehlers may refer to:
Ehlers–Danlos syndrome
Ehlers (surname)
The Maison de l'Art Nouveau ("House of New Art"), abbreviated often as L'Art Nouveau, and known also as Maison Bing for the owner, was a gallery opened on 26 December 1895, by Siegfried Bing at 22 rue de Provence, Paris.
The building was designed by the architect Louis Bonnier (1856–1946).
Unlike their earlier stores at the same location and nearby at 19 rue Chauchat that specialized in Japanese and Asian art objects, the gallery specialized in modern art. The original exhibition featured windows designed by Nabi artists, including Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, and made by Louis Comfort Tiffany. The original interior of the gallery included rooms designed by artists Maurice Denis, Charles Conder, Henry Van de Velde, Albert Besnard, and Edouard Vuillard. Many other artists exhibited works inside the gallery as well, including tapestries, ceramics, stained glass, furniture, metalwork, and prints. (71)
Across the years, Bing held smaller exhibitions that highlighted artists such as Louis Legrand, Eugène Carrière, S. Moulijn, Charles Cottet, and Edvard Munch.
In 1889, Bing expanded their galleries to include an atelier that began producing jewelry, furniture, tapestries, and other art objects.
The fame of their gallery was increased at the 1900 Exposition Universelle, when Bing exhibited their "Art Nouveau Bing" pavilion. In the pavilion, Bing exhibited installations of modern furniture, tapestries and objets d'art by artists Édouard Colonne, Georges de Feure, and Eugène Gaillard. These decorative displays became associated strongly with an artistic style that was becoming popular across Europe, and for which their gallery subsequently provided a name: Art Nouveau.
See also
Art Nouveau in Paris
References
External links
Art Nouveau architecture in Paris
Art Nouveau collections
Art Nouveau commercial buildings
Buildings and structures in the 9th arrondissement of Paris
1895 establishments in France
Brendan Boyle is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays at midfield for Ard an Rátha and also, formerly, for the Donegal county team.
A married civil engineer and graduate of Institute of Technology, Sligo, they spent two years with a serious back injury and almost quit the game.
Their championship debut was in the 2002 Ulster Senior Football Championship final, a competition they would never win as a player.
They made a substitute appearance for Stephen McDermott in the 2003 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship semi-final against Armagh.
In 2004, they played against Armagh in the Ulster SFC final at Croke Park.
They were injured in a club game and unable to play in what proved to be Brian McEniff's last game as county team manager the next day, a one-point loss to Cavan in a 2005 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Round 2 Qualifier.
In 2009, they played in the Championship victory over Galway at Markievicz Park and the defeat to Cork at Croke Park.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Ard an Rátha Gaelic footballers
Donegal inter-county Gaelic footballers
Irish civil engineers
Hanna Etula (born 30 March 1981 in Pirkkala) is a Finnish sport shooter.  They are also a member of Lahden Ampumaseura, a local shooting club in Lahti, and is currently coached and trained by Tero Hovila.
Etula represented Finland at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where they competed for two rifle shooting events. They placed twenty-first out of forty-seven shooters in the women's 10 m air rifle, with a total score of 394 points. Nearly a week later, Etula competed for their second event, 50 m rifle 3 positions, where they were able to shoot 196 targets in a prone position, 191 in standing, and 190 in kneeling, for a total score of 577 points, finishing only in twenty-fourth place.
References
External links
Profile – Suomen Olympiakomitea
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
Finnish female sport shooters
Living people
Olympic shooters of Finland
Shooters at the 2008 Summer Olympics
People from Pirkkala
1981 births
Sportspeople from Pirkanmaa
Valence - Chabeuil Airport is an airport in France, located about east of Valence (in the Drôme department, Rhone-Alpes region) and approximately south-southeast of Paris.
The airport was a pre-World War II French Air Force (Armée de l'Air) airfield. After the Battle of France, it was seized by Nazi Germany in November 1942. It was later used by the Luftwaffe, and after the Allied Invasion of southern France in August 1944, by the United States Army Air Forces Twelfth Air Force.
Used by the French Air Force base after the war, it was closed and today the airport is used for general aviation, with no commercial airline service. It is still occasionally used by military aircraft. The French army aviation (Aviation légère de l'Armée de terre) have maintained a small enclave here for many years operating a small number of diverse helicopter types as part of the test unit GALSTA/STAT. Closure of this facility (with the unit moving to Le Luc) was announced some years ago, but it would appear this has been rescinded.
History
The airport's origin dates from the 1930s when the French Air Force (Armée de l'Air) established Valence-Chabeuil Air Base. It was the headquarters for the Zone d'Opérations Aériennes des Alpes - Z.O.A.A. (Alps Air Operations Area). Known operational units assigned were:
G.R. II/14 Potez 637 (1)
G.A.O. 582 Potez 63.11 (undetermined - in training)
G.A.O. 1/584 Potez Potez 63.11 (3) (in training)
The Potez was a heavy twin-engined fighter. With the outbreak of war in May 1940, the unit did not see action against the Germans in the Battle of France. However, operations were flown against the Italian Army (Regio Esercito) after the Italian invasion of France on 10 June. After the Second Armistice at Compiègne the Armée de l'Air units assigned to the airfield were ordered to French North Africa, and the airport was closed by the Vichy France government.
German use during World War II
After the forceful occupation of Vichy France in November 1942 as a result of Case Anton Wehrmacht units moved into the Valence area and the airport came under the control of the Luftwaffe. It was not, however, used as an operational base until July 1943 when XI. Fliegerkorps moved Luftlandegeschwader 1 (LLG 1) (Airborne Squadron 1) to the airport, equipped with 32 Henschel Hs 126 reconnaissance aircraft and 120 DFS 230 light transport gliders. In early August 1944, Kampfgeschwader 26 (KG 26) moved Junkers Ju 88s to the airfield to attack advancing United States Seventh Army forces moving north, but the Luftwaffe was driven out by Twelfth Air Force attacks.
American use
Twelfth Air Force combat engineers moved into Valence-Chabeuil Airport in late August 1944, and cleared the airport of mines and destroyed German aircraft. It was declared ready for operational use on 2 September 1944. It was designated as Advanced Landing Ground "Y-23 Valence". The 79th Fighter Group was assigned to the airport and operated P-47 Thunderbolt fighter-bomber aircraft until the end of September 1944, until moving north with the advancing Allied forces. Once the combat unit moved out, Valence-Chabeuil became a transport airfield, supporting C-47 Skytrain resupply and also casualty evacuation flights until being returned to French control on 20 November 1944.
Postwar/current use
In 1945 the Armée de l'Air returned to its airfield and it returned to its prewar status as an active air base. A 2100m all-weather asphalt runway was laid down for jet aircraft operations, and the damage caused by World War II was repaired. It is undetermined when it was converted to a civilian airport.
Today the airport is a modern, fully equipped facility with two additional parallel grass runways available for use. A large aircraft parking ramp along with a hangar and support buildings are available.
Statistics
See also
Advanced Landing Ground
References
External links
Airports in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Drôme
World War II airfields in France
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in France
James & Fred Howard of Britannia Ironworks, Bedford, later known simply as Howards, were one of the largest English makers of agricultural equipment, steam traction engines, and light railway equipment. At The Great Exhibition of 1851 they exhibited a range of horse-drawn implements. After World War I, Howards became part of AGE, Agricultural & General Engineers, along with many of the other British makers of similar machinery.
History
The original ironmongery business was created by John Howard (1791 - 1878) in 1813. In 1837 they thanked their patrons for 24 years of support and informed them of their move to new premisies, formerly the Barley Mow Inn in the High Street. They invented and patented a two-wheel plough, which won large numbers of awards in 1841 and in successive years, and they also had prize winning harrows (patented by W. Armstrong and John Howard), and a wide range of other agricultural implements. By 1845 their works address had changed to Britannia Foundry, Bedford, although the large works built on the 20 acre site that became known as Britannia Ironworks is reported not to have been built until c1857, so the original Britannia foundry was located elsewhere. The Britannia works was to grow to become the biggest employer in Bedford (700 employees in 1871). Howard's award-winning ploughs and harrows were exported around the world. John Howard announced their retirement in 1851 at which time their sons James and Frederick took over. Business continued to boom, and the business grew to encompass steam ploughing.
James Howard died in 1889, and Sir Frederick Howard died in 1915 aged 87 (he was knighted in 1895), and in 1919 the business was taken over by Agricultural & General Engineers Ltd.
In the great depression of 1932 A.G.E. reported huge losses and on 15 February 1932, Howards closed along with several other A.G.E. businesses. The 500 employees only received 30 minutes notice. A new company, the Britannia Iron & Steel Works Ltd, was formed late in 1932 making pipe fittings. The Howard manufactured works rail shunter continued to work the site until it was replaced in 1965.
The drawings and patents were purchased by locomotive manufacturer F. C. Hibberd & Co. From their new Park Royal works in London they produced locomotives that closely followed the Howard designs, both 2.5 ton narrow gauge, and 7, 10 and 12 ton standard gauge.
Agricultural Equipment
The Howard patent plough was a great success and made in huge numbers. However a diverse range of different types of agricultural equipment was made, for example an advert in 1891 lists their famous ploughs and harrows plus disk harrows, horse rakes, mowers, reapers, cultivators, land-rollers, hay presses, straw trussers, grass harrows, horse hoes, vine cultivators, sheaf binders, scarifiers, clod crushers, straw presses, plantation wagons, mining plant and portable railway.
With the advent of steam power on farms, Howard started producing the ploughs and winding gear for steam ploughing, later including portable engines to drive the gear, and eventually ploughing engines able to carry out many other duties. In 1895 they added a portable oil engine intended to drive machinery, also available as a stationary engine.
Traction engines
Howard traction engines were introduced in the 1870s. They are recognisable by their distinctive placement of the steam engine behind the boiler, rather than on top as for the far more common overtype. Howard claimed this reduced the heavy strain on the boiler and resulted in less wear and leakage, it also meant it was more compact for shipment, and with the working parts hidden from view it was "less likely to frighten horses". This gives them an unusually long and low appearance, with the flywheel set particularly low. This also requires the provision of a steam dome atop the boiler, an unusual arrangement for an English engine. Although usually plain in appearance and painted black, with little ornamentation compared to the later Edwardian engines, Howards carried very large brass nameplates on their boiler sides and smokebox door reading "James & Fredk Howard. Bedford. England".
They also built ploughing engines. Unlike the better-known Fowlers, the Howard used a pair of winding drums. This allowed a single engine and an anchored return pulley to plough, rather than the Fowler system that used a pair of engines, each one pulling alternately. The two drums were too large to fit in the usual position beneath the boiler and so were moved to a horizontal axle behind the engine's scuttle, with a pair of sheaves beneath the boiler to guide the cables.
In 1903 Howard added a 5-ton steam wagon to their product list. This followed conventional lines with a vertical boiler sited at the front.
Railway and railway locomotives
In 1885 Howard added portable railway equipment into their portfolio, and the link to agriculture is that this was targeted at plantations (e.g. tea, coffee, sugar). They listed lightweight track sections that could be rapidly laid and connected without bolts, and plantation wagons. To maximise the market for these they described them as being suited to mining, quarries, etc. as well. By 1890 they claimed to produce wagons of all kinds, and their 1887 catalogue also listed a steam locomotive.
In 1921 Blackstone & Co made a narrow gauge petrol rail locomotive using their new 3-cylinder 25 hp engines. This was a 3 to 4 ton locomotive (depending on the gauge required), and was marketed by James & Frederick Howard.
In 1923, Howards started building internal combustion railway locomotives. The survivors include the standard gauge Howard works shunter, made in 1926, which remained at the Britannia works even after Howard's had failed, being replaced only in 1965 when it moved to the Bluebell Railway where it was used for light shunting until about 1969. It has since been restored. The early narrow-gauge Howard locomotives used Morris petrol engines, but they were later available with Blackstone's oil engines. The larger shunters were available in 7 ton size with 45-57 hp four cylinder Dorman engines, and 10 to 12 tons with 61-80 hp six cylinders Dorman 6JUL petrol engine. From the works numbers of 3 surviving locos, 957 in 1926, 965 in 1930, and 984 in 1931 - it would appear the locomotives were only made in small numbers.
Surviving examples
While Howard ploughs survive in reasonable numbers, their other agricultural implements such as the zig-zag harrow are less common. Their steam and internal combustion engines are much rarer, with only a handful of known survivors.
Works Nº201 of 1872. A two-speed 9nhp traction engine, originally sold to Australia.
Re-imported and restored by Tom Varley in 1980 and numbered 24. Sold after their death to Peter Rigg of Todmorden. Now carries the name Brittania
Ploughing engine Works Nº110 of 1876, UK Registration AP9197
Standard gauge locomotive No 957 of 1926. a 4-wheel petrol mechanical drive () which was used at Howard's Britannia works as a shunter, and remained there after the 1932 failure of the company, working until 1965 after which it was preserved on the Bluebell Railway. Engine is a Dorman 4-JUD.
Standard gauge locomotive No 965 of 1930. a 4-wheel petrol mechanical drive (4wPM) locomotive preserved on the Ribble Steam Railway. This has a 6-cylinder Dorman 6JUL side-valve petrol engine, and a 3-speed Howard gearbox. It worked at the Ford Paper Works in Sunderland until preserved in 1972.
2 foot gauge locomotive No. 984 built in 1931. The only remaining narrow-gauge locomotive built by Howards.
External links
Grace's Guide
References
Traction engines
Steam road vehicle manufacturers
Skiensposten was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Skien.
Skiensposten was started in 1842 by Herman Bagger, a Danish immigrant who had worked as a jurist, teacher, farmer and politician. Before the end of the year, however, they grew tired and resigned as chief editor. Skiensposten survived for the time being, but faced competition from Bratsberg Amtstidende, a newspaper founded in 1840 by Peter Feilberg. The new owners of Skiensposten tried to halve the price, and changed its name to Skiens Adressetidende. However, this was not enough to keep it in circulation, and it went defunct near the end of 1843.
It was pressed by Jens Melgaard, a printing press rival of Peter Feilberg.
References
Defunct newspapers published in Norway
Mass media in Skien
Norwegian-language newspapers
Publications established in 1842
Publications disestablished in 1843
Pachenaran (, also Romanized as Pāchenārān; also known as Pāchenār) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 12, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Clan Tailyour, also known as Clan Taylor, is a Scottish clan. The clan is recognized by the Lord Lyon King of Arms but it does not currently have a clan chief therefore it is considered an armigerous clan. The surname Taylor is also considered a sept of the Clan Cameron of the Scottish Highlands who are descendants of Taillear Dubh na Tuaighe (b.1550), see: Taylor sept.
History
Origins of the clan
The surname Tailyour is derived from the French which means to cut. In Latin it is rendered as . In around 1137 Walter Cissor received a grant of land from David I of Scotland. The historian George Fraser Black states that Taylor is a very common name in early Scots records. In 1276 Alexander le Taillur is listed as valet to Alexander III of Scotland.
Wars of Scottish Independence
In 1296 Bryce le Taillur was one of the Scottish prisoners at the capture of Dunbar Castle. In the same year six people of this name appear on the Ragman Rolls, rendering homage to Edward I of England, from counties as far apart as Angus and Roxburgh.
15th, 16th 17th and 18th centuries
In the Latin form of then name Cissor, both Donald Cissor and Bricius Cissor were witnesses to a deed in Inverness in 1462. In around 1552 Gillepatrick Tailzeour was sergeant of Dornoch.
The name is also found rendered as Macintaylor and in 1613 several Macintaylors were fined for sheltering outlawed members of the Clan Gregor.
James Taylor, born 1753 in Lanarkshire is credited with the first practical application of steam power to vessels for inland navigation. The great paddle steamers which would later carry passengers and freight on the rivers of North America were derived from Taylor's original work.
Castles
Kirktonhill is situated within Aberdeenshire, some four and a half miles north of Montrose, Angus, and lies directly east of the village of Marykirk. There was a castle at Kirktonhill which had been held from the 18th century by the Taylors, who had made money from sugar plantations in Jamaica. This was replaced by Kirktonhill House, a mansion that itself was demolished in the 1960s. Nearby is Kirktonhill Tower, a three-story folly.
References
See also
Scottish clan
Taillear Dubh na Tuaighe
Taylor sept
Tailyour
Armigerous clans
Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam (18 September 1900 – 15 December 1985; often referred to as Chacha Ramgoolam or SSR) was a Mauritian physician, politician, and statesman. They served as the island's only chief minister, first prime minister, and fifth governor-general.
 They are widely recognized as the nation's founding father (French: père de la nation), although the anti-independance political group at the time of British Mauritius used to call them as a pun in French la perte de la nation (English: the misleader of the nation). After Guy Rozemont's death in 1956, Ramgoolam became the leader of the Labour Party of Mauritius till their death in 1985.
Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam's son, Dr. Navinchandra Ramgoolam, served as the third and fifth prime minister of Mauritius.
Early life
Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam, also known as Kewal, was born on 18 September 1900 at Belle Rive, Mauritius, in the district of Flacq in a Hindu Indo-Mauritian family. Their father, Moheeth Ramgoolam was Indian immigrant labourer who belonged to Kushwaha caste. Moheeth came to Mauritius aged 18 in a ship called The Hindoostan in 1896. Their elder brother, Ramlochurn, had left the home village of Harigaon in the Bhojpur district of Bihar in search of their fortune abroad. Moheeth worked as an indentured labourer and later became a Sirdar (overseer) at Queen Victoria Sugar Estate. When they married Basmati Ramchurn in 1898, they moved to Belle Rive Sugar Estate. Basmati was a young widow born in Mauritius. They already had two sons: Nuckchadee Heeramun and Ramlall Ramchurn.
Ramgoolam had their early grounding in Bhojpuri, Indian culture and philosophy, in the local evening school of the locality (called Baitka in Mauritian Hindu term), where children of the Hindu community learnt the vernacular language and glimpses of the Hindu culture. The teacher (guruji) would teach prayers and songs. Sanskrit prayers and perennial values taken from sacred scriptures like the Vedas, the Ramayana, the Upanishads, and the Bhagavad Gita were also taught.
They enrolled in the neighbouring R.C.A. (Roman Catholic Aided) School, run by Madame Siris without their mother's knowledge. They learned History, Geography, English and French. After leaving the pre-primary school, they went to Bel Air Government School, travelling by train, until they passed the sixth standard. At the age of seven, Ramgoolam lost their father and at the age of twelve, they suffered a serious accident in a cowshed that cost them their left eye. They continued their scholarship class at the Curepipe Boys' Government School while taking up boarding with their uncle, Harry Parsad Seewoodharry Buguth, a sworn land surveyor, in Curepipe. They would listen to the political discussions between their uncle and their circle of friends on local politics and on the current struggle for Indian independence under Mahatma Gandhi, Jawaharlal Nehru and Rash Behari Bose. These initial conversations were to form the basis of their political beliefs years later. The scholarship classes, which formed the basis of lower secondary schooling, permitted Ramgoolam to go straight for the Junior Cambridge at the Royal College, Curepipe, where they were educated by the likes of Reverend Fowler and Mr Harwood. After secondary school, Ramgoolam worked for 3 months in the Civil Service, despite racism within the organisation .
With the financial help of their brother Ramlall, Ramgoolam was able to initiate medical studies in England. In 1921, Ramgoolam set sail on one of the ships of the Messageries maritimes for Marseille, and continued by train to London, their final destination, with a transit of a couple of days in Paris. In the French capital they purchased copies of the books of André Gide and André Malraux with both of whom they struck friendship. They graduated from University College London and attended lectures at the London School of Economics.
Family life
In 1939 Ramgoolam married Sushil Ramjoorawon. They gave birth to their daughter Sunita (now Sunita Joypaul) and their son Navin Ramgoolam.
Political career before Independence
In 1935 they returned to Mauritius after completing medical studies in London and Seewoosagur worked to improve the living and working conditions of the bulk of the island's population which consisted of the descendants of indentured Indian laborers and enslaved Africans. In 1947 Ramgoolam joined the Labour Party. At that time the party was still under the leadership of its original founders Emmanuel Anquetil, Maurice Curé, Pandit Sahadeo, Renganaden Seeneevassen and Mamode Hassenjee, Jean Prosper, Barthelemy Ohsan, Samuel Barbe and Godefroy Moutia who initiated the party in 1936. In September 1940 and during the Second World War they became one of the founders of the Labour Party's newspaper Advance which advocated universal suffrage, economic reform and social justice. Ramgoolam wrote a series of articles using pseudonym Thumb Mark II which challenged the island's established conservative sugar oligarchs. They were also appointed as President of the group known as Indian Cultural Association.Seewoosagur Ramgoolam also joined the masonic fraternity and was an active member of the Loge de la Triple Espérance.
From 1940 to 1953 they were an elected Municipal Councillor in Port Louis and was re-elected to serve from 1956 to 1960. Then they were elected Deputy Mayor of Port-Louis in 1956 and became Lord Mayor of Port Louis in 1958. Seewoosagur Ramgoolam served as Nominated Member of the Legislative Council from 1940 to 1948. At the 1948 General Elections they were elected Member of Legislative Council for Pamplemousses-Rivière du Rempart. They were re-elected to the Legislative Council in 1953, 1959 (Triolet) and 1967 (Pamplemousses-Triolet). In 1948 and 1953 they were also appointed as member of the Executive Council. From 1951 to 1956 they joined the Civil Service to work as Liaison Officer for Education before becoming first MLA for Pamplemousses-Triolet in December 1956. In 1958 the Colonial Government appointed them as Ministerial Secretary to Treasury.
They led the Mauritian Labour Party from 1959 to 1982 following the death of Guy Rozemont in March 1956.
At the 1961 Constitutional Conference in London, the Parti Mauricien was in favour of an integration with Britain rather than independence within the Commonwealth. But Britain, at that time, had already decided that it would give up all its colonies with the exception of Hong-Kong, Gibraltar and the Falklands. In fact, the die had already been cast as early as 1959 when Harold Macmillan had made their famous “Wind of change blowing over Africa” speech. After the general election of 1963, Gaetan Duval, then deputy-leader of the Parti Mauricien, again lobbied for Integration with Britain. But this was once more rejected by the British who did not consider integration as “a practical proposition for Mauritius, even if the majority of parties in Mauritius wanted it”.
Under the supervision of the Colonial Office Ramgoolam served as Chief Minister and Minister of Finance from 1961 to 1965, then as Premier from 1965 to 1968, before becoming Prime Minister in 1968. In 1963, the British Conservative government assisted them to form an All-Party Government in Mauritius. Their efforts were recognised as they were honoured as knighted in the Queen's Birthday Honours of 12 June 1965.
In 1967 they cooperated with the Independent Forward Bloc (IFB) led by Sookdeo Bissoondoyal (who were advocating complete decolonization and removal of British administration from all Mauritian territories) and the Comité d'Action Musulman (CAM) led by Abdool Razack Mohamed (which campaigned for constitutional guarantees to protect the Muslim and other minority communities in an effort to prevent a circumstantial Hindu hegemony) to form the Independence Party (Mauritius). This coalition eventually led to 1968 Independence from Great Britain after the 1967 Mauritian general election.
Political career after Independence
In 1969 they contracted an alliance with their party's rival Parti Mauricien Social Démocrate (PMSD) which was led by Gaetan Duval. This alliance allowed Ramgoolam to stay in power despite the departure of its former ally IFB from the government. Sookdeo Bissoondoyal's IFB members went into opposition whilst some IFB MP's defected to the Labour Party to maintain their ministerial portfolios.
In 1973 France elevated Seewoosagur Ramgoolam to the rank of Grand Officier de la Légion d'Honneur de la République Française. At the same time their political ally Gaetan Duval was made Commandeur de la Légion d'Honneur.
Due to the poor performance of their various governments from 1967 to 1982, their party lost the 1982 general elections when none of their candidates was elected to parliament. They lost their parliamentary seat which led to further downfall of the Labour Party. They then assisted the newly formed party named MSM and its ex-MMM leader Anerood Jugnauth to win the 1983 elections. The Labour Party became a minority party in a coalition MSM-Labour government and Ramgoolam was appointed Governor-General, a position which they held until their death in 1985. Ramgoolam was succeeded as leader of the Labour Party by Sir Satcam Boolell in 1984 when the latter returned to the Labour Party after having formed and led a new party Mouvement Patriotique Mauricien (MPM) following their 1982 electoral defeat. Boolell remained president of the Labour Party until 1991.
Ramgoolam was also the Chairperson of the Organisation of African Unity from 1976 to 1977.
Legacy and recognition
Various streets and public places in Mauritius bear the name of Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam (SSR), such as the SSR Botanical Garden, a recreational centre for senior citizens, SSR Medical College, Pamplemousses SSR National Hospital (at the site of the defunct Royal Alfred Observatory), the island's main airport, previously called Plaisance International Airport, and Kewal Nagar (a small village previously called Belle Rive). They also figure on every Mauritian Rupee coin and on the highest note tender of Rs2,000. Monuments to them also stand in the Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam Botanical Garden, on Caudan Waterfront in Port Louis, and even in the village of SSR's ancestor, near Patna, Bihar in India.
See also
History of Mauritius
References
External links
Birth centenary celebrations of Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam
Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam, the Rare Diplomat, by Joseph Tsang Mang Kin
1900 births
1985 deaths
Mauritian physicians
Governors-General of Mauritius
Foreign Ministers of Mauritius
Alumni of University College London
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George
Labour Party (Mauritius) politicians
Mauritian Hindus
Mauritian Knights Bachelor
People from Flacq District
Prime Ministers of Mauritius
Ministers of Finance of Mauritius
Mauritian politicians of Indian descent
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Gravenhurst (also known as Lower Gravenhurst) is a village and civil parish located in the Central Bedfordshire district of Bedfordshire, England.
The parish includes Upper Gravenhurst, as well as the hamlet of Ion.
Gravenhurst is mentioned in the Domesday Book. The entry reads: Crauenhest: William from Hugh de Beauchamp.
Features of Gravenhurst include St. Mary's Church, which was built during the 14th century.
References
External links
Gravenhurst history timeline
Villages in Bedfordshire
Civil parishes in Bedfordshire
Central Bedfordshire District
Alleanza Assicurazioni is an Italian insurance company based in Milan. It was founded in Genoa in 1898 and refounded in Milan in 2013. The company is particularly active in the life insurance sector.
Alleanza was controlled with a stake of around 50.4% by Assicurazioni Generali between 1933 and June 2009, when Generali announced plans to acquire the remainder of its shares. In the same year the business of Alleanza was injected into a new company Alleanza Toro. After the deal, Alleanza Assicurazioni along with Toro Assicurazioni were absorbed by the parent company. The merger was completed on 1 October.
References
External links
Financial services companies established in 1898
1898 establishments in Italy
Financial services companies disestablished in 2009
2009 disestablishments in Italy
Financial services companies established in 2013
Insurance companies of Italy
Companies formerly listed on the Borsa Italiana
Generali Italia
Italian companies established in 2013
Re-established companies
Domaine Montrose is a Côtes de Thongue appellation French wine estate founded in the South of France in 1701.
It is named for its location on a volcano (mont) and the pink (rose) almond tree flowers that surround the vineyards.
The vineyard is 100 hectares (1 km2). Family owned since its founding in 1701, Bernard Coste represents the 11th family generation at the Domaine; their son Olivier joined them in 2009.
The Domaine's typical rosé wine blend is 65% grenache, 25% cabernet sauvignon, and 10% syrah.
Its typical red wine blend is 35% merlot, 35% syrah, and 30% grenache. Its grand vin is Salamandre, of which only 7,000 bottles are produced per year; it is 60% cabernet sauvignon and 40% syrah.
Wine criticism
Wine Enthusiast rated the Domaine Montrose 2013 Rosé at 87 points, and the Domaine Montrose 2016 Rosé at 86 points.
See also
The Liv-ex Bordeaux Classification
References
1701 establishments in France
French wine
Reputation and Rarities is the name of a repackaged/re-released version of British singer Dusty Springfield's 1990 studio album, Reputation.
Background
In late 1987, there was a resurgence of interest in Springfield's career, which was a direct result of their work with Pet Shop Boys on the duet "What Have I Done to Deserve This?", released in November of the same year. The single reached #2 in the US Billboard Hot 100 and #2 in the UK Singles Chart, Springfield's highest simultaneous charting single ever. Springfield then worked with Pet Shop Boys on two further solo singles "Nothing Has Been Proved", originally from the film Scandal, and "In Private", both UK Top 20 hits for Springfield in 1989. The culmination of Springfield's new success was the album Reputation, released in 1990. The original album was released only in the UK and reached #18 in the UK Albums Chart, Springfield's first hit album in their native country in over twenty years.
1997 release
In 1997, the album was re-released (this time in America as well) as Reputation and Rarities, and included the entire Reputation album, along with two tracks recorded for the album, but never used or released until then, the ballads "Any Other Fool", written by Diane Warren and Robbie Buchanan, and "When Love Turns to Blue", a collaboration with British pop duo Climie Fisher. Also included was "Getting It Right", written and produced by Steve Tyrell in early 1989 for the British movie of the same name, first released as one of the B-sides to the single "Reputation", and the original 12" mix of the biggest hit from the album, "In Private".
Reputation and Rarities was subsequently given a second re-release by EMI's European mid-price label Disky Communications, then repackaged with a third set of cover art.
This release, with original 1997 cover art, is the only form of Reputation album available in digital distribution and streaming from Warner Music Group, current holder of album's copyrights.
Track listing
"Reputation" (Brian Spence) – 4:14
"Send It to Me" (Allee Willis, Lauren Wood) – 3:57
"Arrested by You" (Rupert Hine, Jeanette Obstoj) – 4:11
"Time Waits for No One" (Holly Knight, Dan Hartman) – 3:06
"Born This Way" (Geoffrey Williams & Simon Stirling) – 3:50
"In Private" (Neil Tennant, Chris Lowe) – 4:23
"Daydreaming" (Tennant, Lowe) – 4:56
"Nothing Has Been Proved" (Tennant, Lowe) – 4:42
"I Want to Stay Here" (Gerry Goffin, Carole King) – 2:50
"Occupy Your Mind" (Tennant, Lowe) – 6:49
Bonus tracks
"Any Other Fool" (Diane Warren, Robbie Buchanan) – 4:24
"When Love Turns to Blue" (Climie Fisher) – 3:44
"Getting It Right" (Steve Tyrell, Stephanie Tyrell, Colin Townes) – 3:37
"In Private" (12" Version) (Lowe, Tennant) – 7:11
Personnel for bonus tracks
"Any Other Fool"
Producer: Andy Richards
Engineer: Julian Mendelsohn
Background vocals: Simon Bell
Recorded at Sarm West (London)/Townhouse Recording Studios (London)
Recording dates: between December 1989 and January 1990
Originally unissued
"When Love Turns to Blue"
Producer: Climie Fisher
Engineer: Pete Schee
Background vocals: not credited but likely Simon Climie and Rob Fisher
Recorded at Metropolis Studios (London)
Recording date: 16 August 1989
Originally unissued
"Getting It Right"
Producer: Steve Tyrell
Musical arranger: Guy Moon
Recorded at Tyrell Studios, Hollywood
Recording date: February 1989
First UK release: Parlophone 12" single 12RX 6253 (B-side of "Reputation" special edition)
UK release date: May 1990
First US release: unissued
Sources
Howes, Paul (2007). The Complete Dusty Springfield (Revised and expanded edition). London: Reynolds & Hearn Ltd. ,
1997 compilation albums
Dusty Springfield compilation albums
Albums produced by Dan Hartman
Albums produced by Julian Mendelsohn
Albums produced by Simon Climie
Epsilon (Ε, ε) is the fifth letter of the Greek alphabet.
Epsilon may also refer to:
Aviation
Advance Epsilon, a Swiss paraglider design
Socata TB 30 Epsilon, a French training aircraft design
Media
Epsilon (Blood Stain Child album)
Epsilon (Dreamtale album)
Epsilon (film) (also titled Alien Visitor) (1995) AustralianItalian science fiction film by Rolf de Heer
Epsilon, an AI fragment in Red vs. Blue
E Channel (Greece) or simply Epsilon is a TV channel in Greece
Epsilon TV is a Greek regional television channel
Epsilon, the lowest caste of the World State in Brave New World
Epsilon, an antagonist in the video game Mega Man X: Command Mission
Mathematics
Error in the numerical computing:
Machine epsilon, an error bound in computer arithmetic
absolute value of an approximation error
The epsilon operator introduced by Hilbert
Technology
EPSILON (programming language)
Epsilon (text editor)
Epsilon (rocket), a Japanese solid-fuel satellite launcher
GM Epsilon platform, an automobile platform
Hyundai Epsilon engine
Other
Epsilon (wasp), a genus of wasps
Hurricane Epsilon (2005)
Hurricane Epsilon (2020)
Lancia Epsilon, a car produced by Lancia
MS Epsilon, a ROPAX ferry
A subsidiary of marketing company Alliance Data
SARS-CoV-2 Epsilon variant, a variant of SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19
See also
Latin epsilon (Ԑ, ԑ), a letter of the Latin alphabet
Reversed Ze (Ԑ, ԑ), a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet
Mangal Hussain is an Afghan who has held a variety of political and military offices.
According to the Asia Times they were one of the most powerful leaders in the Hezbi Islami Gulbuddin, prior to the emergence of the Taliban.
Hamid Karzai appointed Mangal Hussain to their cabinet.
References
Government ministers of Afghanistan
Living people
Hezb-e Islami Gulbuddin politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Harvard Crimson women's ice hockey team represents Harvard University in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I women's hockey. Harvard competes as a member of the ECAC Conference and plays its home games at the Bright Hockey Center in Boston, Massachusetts.
History
The Harvard Crimson "iced" its first-ever regular season women's hockey team in the 1978–79 season. Their first game was a 17–0 defeat at the hands of the Providence Friars women's ice hockey program. The next game was a 2–1 loss to the Yale Bulldogs women's ice hockey program.
In 1998–99, the Crimson finished with a record of 33–1. Of the 31 wins, the Crimson won 30 consecutive games to close the season. In the previous season, the Crimson went 14–16–0. The final game of that 30 game streak was a 6–5 overtime victory over the New Hampshire Wildcats women's ice hockey program in the American Women's College Hockey Alliance (AWCHA) national championship game. During the season, the Crimson would win the Beanpot and Ivy League title. In addition, the Crimson won their first ECAC regular-season and tournament championships. This would be Katey Stone's first AWCHA national championship.
In 2001, Harvard participated in the inaugural NCAA Championship tournament. On January 18, 2003, Harvard beat the Boston College Eagles women's ice hockey program by a 17–2 mark, the largest margin of victory in NCAA history. Jennifer Botterill set an NCAA record (since tied) for most points in one game with 10. This was accomplished on January 28, 2003 versus Boston College. A few months later, Nicole Corriero tied Botterill's record for most points in one NCAA game with ten. They accomplished the feat on November 7, 2003 versus the Union Dutchwomen. In addition, they hold the NCAA record for most game winning goals in a career with 27. During the 2003–04 season, Nicole Corriero would set an NCAA record with 59 goals scored in a season. On February 26, 2010, head coach Katey Stone became the women's college hockey all-time wins leader, surpassing former University of Minnesota head coach Laura Halldorson.
Season by season results
Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties
Records as of July 31, 2009.
Coaches
Katey Stone has been the head coach of the Crimson since 1994. Them teams have accomplished the following:
Six ECAC regular season titles
Six ECAC tournament championships
Seven Ivy League Championships
10 Beanpot Championships
Nine NCAA tournament appearances
Three NCAA title game appearances
American Women Hockey Coaches Association (AWCHA) championship (1999)
Players
2022–23 roster
As of September 21, 2022.
Players with international experience
Jennifer Botterill, Team Canada
Caitlin Cahow, Team USA
Julie Chu, Team USA
Jillian Dempsey, Team USA
Lyndsey Fry, Team USA
Michelle Picard, Team USA
Josephine Pucci, Team USA
Angela Ruggiero, Team USA
Tammy Lee Shewchuk, Team Canada
Sarah Vaillancourt, Team Canada
Jamie Hagerman, Team USA
Championships
1-time women's national champions (1999, crowned by AWCHA, pre-dated NCAA Women's "Frozen Four")
6-time ECAC women's champions (1999, 2004–08)
5-time ECAC women's regular-season champions (1999, 2003–05, 2008)
10-time Ivy League Champion (1987–89, 1999, 2003, 2005, 2008–09, 2013–14)
Beanpot championships
1982
1983
1992
1995
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2008
2010
2015
2022
Notable players
Jennifer Botterill is the only player to have won the Patty Kazmaier Award twice.
Jennifer Botterill
Julie Chu
Lyndsey Fry
Allison Mleczko
Michelle Picard
Josephine Pucci
Angela Ruggiero
Career scoring
Olympians
Awards and honors
Ashley Banfield, Defense, 2002 ECAC North All-Rookie Team
Cori Bassett, Senior, Defense, 2010 Honorable Mention
Jennifer Botterill, 1999 American Women's College Hockey Alliance All-Americans, First Team
Jennifer Botterill, AHCA First Team All-American, 2003
Jennifer Botterill, Patty Kazmaier Award Winner, 2001
Jennifer Botterill, Patty Kazmaier Award Winner, 2003
Jenny Brine, Honorable Mention All-Ivy League, 2007–08, Forward, Harvard (Junior)
Caitlin Cahow, 2006–07 ECAC Coaches Preseason All-League Selection
Caitlin Cahow, 2008 ECAC Tournament Most Valuable Player,
Caitlin Cahow, First Team All-Ivy League, 2007–08, Defenseman, Harvard (Senior), Unanimous selection
Julie Chu, 2006–07 ECAC Coaches Preseason All-League Selection
Julie Chu, 2006–07 ECAC Media Preseason All-League Selection
Julie Chu, AHCA Second Team All-American
Julie Chu, NCAA Frozen Four All-Tournament Team
Nicole Corriero, Forward, 2001–02 New England Hockey Writers Women's Division I All-Star Team
Nicole Corriero, Forward, 2002 ECAC North All-Rookie Team
Nicole Corriero, Forward, 2002 ECAC North Second Team
Nicole Corriero, 2002 ECAC-North Rookie of the Year
Nicole Corriero, Beanpot Most Valuable Player (2005)
Nicole Corriero, 2005 Sarah Devens Award
Nicole Corriero, 2005 ECAC Player of the Year
Nicole Corriero, 2005 ECAC Tournament Most Valuable Player,
Nicole Corriero, 2005 Ivy League Player of the Year
Nicole Corriero, 2005 First team All-ECAC
Nicole Corriero, 2005 First Team All-Ivy
Nicole Corriero, Most Outstanding Player at the 2005 ECAC Women's Hockey League Championships.
Randi Griffin, ECAC Offensive Player of the Week (Week of February 22, 2010)
Sue Guay, Beanpot Most Valuable Player (1991)
Jamie Hagerman, Defense, 2001–02 New England Hockey Writers Women's Division I All-Star Team
Jamie Hagerman, Defense, 2002 All-ECAC North Honorable Mention
Christina Kessler, Bertagna Award (top goalie at Beanpot)
Christina Kessler, First Team All-Ivy League, 2007–08, Defenseman, Harvard (Sophomore)
Christina Kessler, 2009 Second Team All-ECAC
Christina Kessler, Goaltender, Senior, 2010 Honorable Mention
Kalen Ingram, Forward, 2001–02 New England Hockey Writers Women's Division I All-Star Team
Kalen Ingram, Forward, 2002 ECAC North Second Team
Alison Kuusisto, Bertagna Award (top goalie at Beanpot)
Anna McDonald, 2010 Frozen Four Skills Competition participant
A.J. Mleczko, 1999 American Women's College Hockey Alliance All-Americans, First Team
A.J. Mleczko, Beanpot Most Valuable Player (1999)
A.J. Mleczko, Patty Kazmaier Award Winner, 1999
Josephine Pucci, 2010–11 New England Women's Division I All-Stars
Angela Ruggiero, 1999 American Women's College Hockey Alliance All-Americans, First Team
Angela Ruggiero AHCA First Team All-American
Angela Ruggiero, NCAA Frozen Four All-Tournament Team
Angela Ruggiero, Top Three Finalist for 2003 Patty Kazmaier Award
Angela Ruggiero, Patty Kazmaier Award Winner, 2004
Angela Ruggiero, 2004 ECAC Tournament Most Valuable Player,
Katey Stone, AWCHA Women's Coach of the Year (1999)
Tammy Lee Shewchuk, 1999, 2000, 2001 ECAC All-Tournament team
Tammy Lee Shewchuk, 1999 American Women's College Hockey Alliance All-Americans, First Team
Tammy Lee Shewchuk, Top Three Finalist for 2001 Patty Kazmaier Award
Cheryl Tate, Beanpot Most Valuable Player (1982, 1983)
Sarah Vaillancourt, Top 10 Finalist for 2007 Patty Kazmaier Award
Sarah Vaillancourt, Patty Kazmaier Award Winner, 2008
Sarah Vaillancourt, Forward, First Team All-Ivy League, 2007–08, Harvard (Junior), Unanimous selection
Sarah Vaillancourt, Ivy League Player of the Year 2007–08, Harvard (Junior), Unanimous selection
Sarah Vaillancourt, 2009 First Team All-ECAC
Ivy League Awards
Sandra Whyte, Ivy League Player of the Year (1990)
Sandra Whyte, Ivy League Player of the Year (1991)
All-Ivy
Kate Buesser, Forward, Junior, 2010 First Team All-Ivy
Cori Bassett, Senior, Defense, 2010 Ivy League Honorable Mention
Leanna Coskren, Defense, Junior, 2010 Second Team All-Ivy
Jillian Dempsey, Forward, Freshman, 2010 Second Team All-Ivy
Becca Gilmore, 2017-18 Second Team All-Ivy
Kat Hughes, 2017-18 Honorable Mention All-Ivy
Dominique Petrie, 2019-20 Second Team All-Ivy
Kristin Della Rovere, 2019-20 Honorable Mention All-Ivy
Ali Peper, D, Harvard, 2019-20 Honorable Mention All-Ivy
Becky Dutton, G, Harvard, 2019-20 Honorable Mention All-Ivy
Beanpot Awards
Sandra Whyte, Beanpot Most Valuable Player (1992)
Erin Villotte, Beanpot Most Valuable Player (1995)
Jennifer Botterill, Beanpot Most Valuable Player, 2000
Jennifer Botterill, Beanpot Most Valuable Player, 2001
Tracy Catlin, Beanpot Most Valuable Player (2002)
Jennifer Botterill, Beanpot Most Valuable Player, 2003
Sarah Wilson, Beanpot Most Valuable Player (2008)
Bertagna Award
Ali Boe, Bertagna Award (top goalie at Beanpot)
ECAC Awards
Lindsay Charlebois, 2004 Sarah Devens Award
Sarah Vaillancourt, 2009 ECAC Player of the Year
All-ECAC
Jenny Brine, 2009 Third Team All-ECAC
ECAC All-Rookie
Jillian Dempsey, Harvard, 2010 ECAC All-Rookie Team
ECAC Tournament
Sarah Wilson, 2006 ECAC Tournament Most Valuable Player,
Statistical leaders
Jennifer Botterill, NCAA leader, 2000–01 season, Goals per game, 2.60
Jennifer Botterill, NCAA leader, 2002–03 season, Goals per game, 3.50
Tammy Shewchuk, NCAA leader, 2000–01 season, Assists per game, 1.48
Crimson in professional hockey
See also
Harvard Crimson men's ice hockey
Harvard Crimson
List of college women's ice hockey coaches with 250 wins (Katey Stone ranks fourth on all-time list)
References
External links
Women's Ice Hockey webpage. Harvard University Athletics official website
Ice hockey teams in Massachusetts
Physical literacy is a fundamental and valuable human capability that can be described as a disposition acquired by human individuals encompassing the motivation, confidence, physical competence, knowledge and understanding that establishes purposeful physical pursuits as an integral part of their lifestyle.
The fundamental and significant aspects of physical literacy are:
everyone can be physically literate as it is appropriate to each individual's endowment
everyone's physical literacy journey is unique
the skills that make up physical literacy can vary by location* physical literacy is relevant and valuable at all stages and ages of life
the concept embraces much more than physical competence
at the heart of the concept is the motivation and commitment to be active
the disposition is evidenced by a love of being active, born out of the pleasure and satisfaction individuals experience in participation
a physically literate individual values and takes responsibility for maintaining purposeful physical pursuits throughout the lifecourse
charting of progress of an individual's personal journey must be judged against previous achievements and not against any form of national benchmarks
History
In 1993, Dr. Margaret Whitehead proposed the concept of Physical literacy at the International Association of Physical Education and Sport for Girls and Women Congress in Melbourne, Australia. From this research, the concept and definition of physical literacy was developed. In addition, the implications of physical literacy being the goal of all structures were drawn up. Since 1993 to the present day, has been done to advance physical literacy. Research has been conducted on Physical Literacy and presented at conferences around the world. In addition, the book Physical Literacy: throughout the life course was written and numerous conferences and workshops have been delivered, to train educators, parents, health practitioners, early childhood educators, coaches, and more.
General
The concept of physical literacy has been developed over many years. It is seen, by a growing number of people, as the goal of the school subject, physical education. However, whilst this is extremely relevant, it is important to recognise that physical literacy is not restricted to the school years – it is relevant throughout the lifecourse. In this respect, six phases of physical literacy have been identified: infancy, childhood, adolescence, young adulthood, adulthood and older adulthood.
Over the past few years there has been considerable interest, worldwide, in the concept of physical literacy. In Great Britain, a number of local authorities have adopted it as an overall guiding principle for their work in school-based physical education. In countries such as Northern Ireland and Canada, physical literacy has been the focus for considerable rethinking in respect of children's physical development and has consequently been the inspiration behind the development of new programmes. In India this principle has been adapted by Sportism for training the Indian kids on the basis of Physical literacy concepts.
However, there have been a number of interpretations of the concept that have moved away from the central tenets of physical literacy. For example, in some instances physical literacy has been the name given to a programme of fundamental movement skills, implying that the concept is solely about the acquisition of physical competence. Other interpretations have focused on knowledge and understanding, particularly in the games context. Both these scenarios include elements of physical literacy, but do not represent the whole story.
Attributes
A physically literate individual will display the following attributes:
Physical literacy can be described as a disposition characterised by the motivation to capitalise on innate movement potential to make a significant contribution to the quality of life.
All human beings exhibit this potential. However, its specific expression will depend on individuals' endowment in respect of all capabilities, significantly their movement potential, and will be particular to the culture in which they live.
Individuals who are physically literate will move with poise, economy and confidence in a wide variety of physically challenging situations
Physically literate individuals will be perceptive in ‘reading' all aspects of the physical environment, anticipating movement needs or possibilities and responding appropriately to these with intelligence and imagination
These individuals will have a well-established sense of self as embodied in the world. This, together with an articulate interaction with the environment, will engender positive self-esteem and self-confidence
Sensitivity to and awareness of embodied capability will lead to fluent self-expression through non-verbal communication and to perceptive and empathetic interaction with others
In addition, physically literate individuals will have the ability to identify and articulate the essential qualities that influence the effectiveness of their own movement performance, and will have an understanding of the principles of embodied health with respect to basic aspects such as exercise, sleep and nutrition
Physically literate individuals, in addition to having the ability of performing various physical skills, sports movements with ease and poise, will also have the ability to use the body and body segments while carrying out the daily activities like sitting, sleeping, mounting steps, getting down from height, carrying weights etc. so that there will be no negative impact on the body alignment and spinal posture.
Physical Literacy Worldwide
Canada
One element of Physical literacy is the mastering of basic human movements, fundamental movement skills and fundamental sport skills that permit a child to read their environment and make appropriate decisions, allowing them to move confidently and with control in a wide range of physical activity situations. Physical literacy is the foundation of long-term participation and performance to the best of one's ability. Physical Literacy is the cornerstone of both participation and excellence in physical activity and sport. Ideally, physical literacy is developed prior to the adolescent growth spurt.
Fundamental Movement Skills and Fundamental Sport Skills
Fundamental movement skills play a significant role in a child's physical development. When a child is confident and competent in these skills, children can develop sport-specific and complex movement skills as well as enjoy a long life of physical activity. To become physically literate children need to master the 13 fundamental movement skills:
The Locomotor and Body Skills:
Walking
Running
Balance
Skating/Skiing
Jumping
Swimming
Cycling
Skipping
The Sending Skills
Throwing
Kicking
Striking
The Receiving Skills
Catching
Trapping
The daily activities
Sitting
Sleeping posture
Lifting weights properly
Getting down from heights
Mounting steps etc.
These skills can be developed through the four following activities: athletics, gymnastics, swimming, and skating, slip, and slide movements. Each skill will involve a series of developmental stages that the child will go through in order to master that particular skill.
Fundamental Sport Skills involve using Fundamental Movement Skills in a sport specific setting (i.e. a child can kick a ball, this is a Fundamental Movement Skill; when they kick a penalty kick in a soccer game, they have used this skill as a Fundamental Sport Skill, the skill of kicking a penalty kick). These skills should be introduced through fun and inclusive games and activities, providing children with positive physical activity experiences, further increasing their confidence, competence, and motivation to be active.
The Four Environments
To develop physical literacy children should learn fundamental movement skills and fundamental sport skills in each of the four basic environments:
On the ground: as the basis for most games, sport, dance and physical activities
In the water: as the basis for all aquatic activities
On snow and ice: as the basis for all winter sliding activities
In the air: basis for gymnastics, diving and other aerial activities
People with Disabilities
Everyone deserves the right to have opportunities to develop physical literacy. Although not all people with a disability will pursue physical activity or sport, they should still be provided with the same opportunities to learn fundamental movement skills, fundamental sport skills, and become active for life. There are both many opportunities and challenges that people with permanent disabilities experience in pursuing sport and physical activity. As a result, many resources have been created to support coaches, educators, recreation leaders, health practitioners, and parents in accommodating the needs of all participants to have increased physical activity and positive experiences.
References
External links
www.physicalliteracy.ca
www.physicalliteracy.org
www.sportforlife.ca
www.physical-literacy.org.uk
Physical education
Recreation
Exercise physiology
Literacy
Sturgeon Lake is a long, thin lake located in the Kenora District of Northwestern Ontario, Canada, along the Manitoba-Ontario border from Hudson Bay and from the Manitoba border.
The Sturgeon River flows north-west into and out of the lake, and eventually flows into Hudson Bay via the Hayes River.
See also
List of lakes in Ontario
References
Atlas of Canada topographic map sheet 53O accessed 2007-11-11
The Official Road Map of Ontario on-line section 18 accessed 2007-11-11
Lakes of Kenora District
Rob Greenberg is an American writer.
Credits
Writing
Television
The Moodys (written by)
Spellbound (2004/I) (TV) (writer)
Harry's Girl (2003) (TV) (writer)
Spellbound (2003) (TV) (writer)
Bad Haircut (2001) (TV) (writer)
Frasier
Film
Meet Dave (2008) (written by)
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs (2009) (additional screenplay material)
Overboard (2018) (written by)
The Valet (2022) (written by)
Directing
Television
The Moodys
My Boys
How I Met Your Mother
Scrubs
Happy Endings
Worst Week
Mike Birbiglia's Secret Public Journal (2008 special)
Film
Overboard (2018)
Awards and nominations
Nominated for 4 Emmy Awards and 2 Writers Guild of America Awards.
References
External links
American film producers
American male screenwriters
American television directors
American television producers
American television writers
Primetime Emmy Award winners
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Writers Guild of America Award winners
American male television writers
Sehuri Dam is a rockfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 5.5 km2. The dam impounds about 32 ha of land when full and can store 4500 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1970 and completed in 1976.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1976 establishments in Japan
The Hanford Braves were a minor league baseball team based in Hanford, California. In 1911, the Hanford Braves played a partial season as members of the Class D level San Joaquin Valley League, which permanently folded during the 1911 season. The Braves hosted home minor league games at the Hanford Ball Park.
History
Minor league baseball play was first hosted in Hanford, California in 1911. The Hanford "Braves" team became members of the six–team Class D level San Joaquin Valley League during the season. The Coalinga Tigers, Lemoore Cubs, Porterville Orange Pickers, Tulare Merchants and Visalia Colts joined Hanford in 1911 San Joaquin Valley League play.
The 1911 San Joaquin Valley League began their second season of play on April 16, 1911, expanding from four teams to six teams, with the Hanford Braves being a new league franchise. The San Joaquin Valley League permanently folded during the 1911 season. On July, 18, 1911, the Hanford Braves were in 4th place when the San Joaquin Valley League folded. The league folded after the Tulare and Porterville franchises had disbanded on July 11, 1911. Hanford ended the season with an overall record of 6–7. Playing under manager Sidney Jehl, the Braves finished 3.0 games behind the 1st place Tulare Merchants in the San Joaquin Valley League final standings.
The overall 1911 San Joaquin Valley League standings were led by the Tulare Merchants (9–4), followed by the Coalinga Tigers (8–6), Lemoore Cubs (7–6), Hanford Braves (6–7), Visalia Colts (5–8) and Porterville Orange Pickers (5–8).
After the San Joaquin Valley League folded, a Hanford team reportedly continued play in 1911 as a semi–professional team. The reformed Hanford team was noted to be under the direction of Frank Blakeley with Oscar Jones on the roster. Jones had played with the Lemoore Cubs during San Joaquin Valley League play.
Hanford, California has not hosted another minor league team.
The ballpark
The 1911 Hanford Braves were noted to have hosted home minor league games at the Hanford Ball Park. The ballpark was reportedly located at North Kensington Way & East Grangeville Boulevard. The location today is directly adjacent to the ballparks for Hanford High School teams. Hanford High School is located at 120 East Grangeville Boulevard, Hanford, California.
Year-by-year record
Notable alumni
Oscar Jones (1911)
The complete 1911 Hanford Braves' roster is unknown.
References
External links
Baseball Reference
Baseball Reference Bullpen
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Professional baseball teams in California
Defunct baseball teams in California
Baseball teams established in 1911
Baseball teams disestablished in 1911
Hanford, California
Nicholas Pandolfi, also known as Nick Pandolfi, (born 16 January 1970) is an English actor, voice artist & radio presenter, who has worked for the BBC and Global Radio (HEART). They were named BBC Local Radio "Presenter of the Year" at the 2004 Frank Gillard Awards and won the bronze in the category in 2006 for their work at BBC Radio Suffolk. They left the station in 2007.
They have presented the breakfast programme at Town 102 in Ipswich, Suffolk since 2011. They have previously worked with SGR FM, BBC Radio Suffolk and London's Liberty Radio.
They played the character Matthew Cartwright in 12 episodes of the BBC children's television series Grange Hill between 1981 and 1982. In 1989 they appeared in the film Reunion.
References
External links
Nicholas Pandolfi Online
English male child actors
English male soap opera actors
English radio presenters
English people of Italian descent
Living people
1970 births
The following highways are numbered 460:
Australia
Strzelecki Highway
Canada
New Brunswick Route 460
Newfoundland and Labrador Route 460
Ireland
R460 road (Ireland)
Japan
Japan National Route 460
United States
U.S. Route 460
Louisiana Highway 460
Maryland Route 460
New Mexico State Road 460
Puerto Rico Highway 460
South Carolina Highway 460
Tennessee State Route 460 (proposed)
John Forbes, 8th Lord Forbes (1542–1606) was a Scottish aristocrat.
They were a son of William Forbes, 7th Lord Forbes (1513-1593) and Elizabeth Keith, the heiress of Inverugie.
They were first Master of Forbes, and became Lord Forbes on the death of their father.
In 1590 John Forbes, known as the Master of Forbes, was accused of imprisoning their father in a chamber at Druminnor Castle and hitting them on the head with the pommel of their sword. Two younger brothers, Robert Forbes, Commendator of Monymusk, and James Forbes of Fechell brought their father's complaint to the Privy Council, but the Master of Forbes denied it. The Council declared that Drumminor should be kept by William Forbes of Tolquhoun and others till Lord Forbes came to Edinburgh or sent further testimony. In May 1591 the Master of Forbes claimed their brothers had turned their father against him, and while Lord Forbes was lying sick at Dundee they had entered and robbed the House of Druminnor. The younger Forbes brothers obtained royal letters against the Master of Forbes to support their occupation of Druminnor.
In July 1592 John, Master of Forbes, wanted their son to marry a sister of the Earl of Gowrie, but this connection was opposed by the Earl of Huntly, as it would weaken them politically.
Marriages and family
John Forbes married firstly, Margaret Gordon, daughter of George Gordon, 4th Earl of Huntly and Elizabeth Keith. Their children included:
William Forbes (died 1592), who became a Capuchin monk
John Forbes, Master of Forbes, later 9th Lord Forbes, (1570-1606), also a Capuchin monk under the name Father Archangel.
They married secondly, in 1580, Janet Seton (1544-1616), daughter of Walter Seton of Touch, and widow of John Bellenden of Auchnoul. Some books fom their library survive.
Their children included
Arthur, 10th Lord Forbes (1581-1641). In February 1601 they married Jean Elphinstone, a daughter of Lord Elphinstone. The wedding was celebrated over two days in Elphinstone's lodging in the Royal Mint, or "Cunyiehous", in Edinburgh's Cowgate, with James VI and Anne of Denmark as guests. As a wedding gift, James VI gave Jean Elphinstone a suite of gold and pearl accessories comprising a necklace, a belt, and back and fore "garnishings" for their hair.Their sons Alexander Forbes, later Lord Forbes, and John Forbes served in the Swedish army.
Katherine Forbes, who married William Gordon of Rothiemay (died 1630).
References
1542 births
1606 deaths
Petermännchen () is a small good-natured household spirit who is said to live in the Schwerin Palace in Schwerin, Mecklenburg, Germany. The diminutive spirit, maybe only a few feet tall, is often described as carrying many keys, roaming through the vaults and tunnels underneath the castle, unlocking doors as they go. Other descriptions of Petermännchen have them carrying a lantern and a sword or dagger.  They are also said to be the keeper and watchman of the castle, rewarding those who are honest and good. Conversely the spirit will punish or drive away thieves and intruders. To do so Petermännchen will cause a nuisance or play pranks. The spirit is said to make crashing and banging noises at night. Petermännchen is also said to have woken soldiers who fell asleep on their night-watch in order to save them from being punished.
Legend further has it that when Christianity first came to the Schwerin area, a pagan god, who was worshiped at the site of the present Schwerin castle, fled leaving their servants, the spirits. Eventually these spirits also departed, except for one: Petermännchen, who would not leave their post. Other legends surrounding the ghost have them once working in the tunnels as a blacksmith.
Petermännchen has been described as appearing in numerous forms over the years, sometimes as an old man with a white, flowing beard extended down to their waist. On another occasions Petermännchen would have a cavalier look with a stylish moustache, wearing a waistcoat, riding boots with spurs and a feathered hat.
References
External links
Haunted Castle - Little Peter
Kobolds
German ghosts
Medieval European legendary creatures
Schwerin
Household deities
Fictional smiths
Judith Jean Moncrieff (1941 – 2001), born in San Francisco, California, was a digital artist and a Founding member of the innovative group - Unique Editions - 5 internationally known artists who speak to issues, processes, corporate involvement in the arts, hardware and software issues and how substrate companies may best work with digital artists and corporations dealing with this subject. They give workshops, lectures and presentations in galleries, museums, colleges and universities around the world. In July 1997, hands-on experience in digital creation of imaging. They presented their work and had the artwork accessed by the National Museum of American Art/Smithsonian. Judith has received a medal from the Smithsonian Institution for this work in the innovation of art and technology, and their work is still currently held by the Smithsonian. They have recently added networking and experimental work with various corporations in all areas of printing and technology. As part of this search for technological futurism, Judith had become an active member of the International Association of Fine Art Digital Printmakers.
Judith coined the term "Tradigital Art" in the early 1990s during their tenure at Tradigital Fine Art as a principal artist alongside Helen Golden. They traveled and taught to artists, curators, educators and the public and workshops were held frequently and exhibits of their work are shown internationally. Them work and ideas are widely published. They also worked at the National Gallery of Art including showing how art equipment was used.
More recently, Judith created a series known as the Wyndstone Collection while in the HIX Corporation booth at the SGIA Conference in Kansas City, MO. The collection was printed by Indigo, transferred by Wyndstone Heat Transfer Papers onto cloth, and other experimental papers, and was created on the Intergraph Workstation. In May 1999, the Wyndstone Collection will be shown in a special exhibit at the Javits Convention Center in New York City. Judith's work is being shown internationally and is now showing in the United Kingdom and Russia in 1998 and 1999. Them work has been exhibited in the A.I.R. Gallery in New York and the Dimock Gallery in Washington, DC, and is in the main Library at George Washington University in Washington, DC. Them work has also been chosen for the permanent print collection at the Portland Art Museum and the Lloyd Reynolds collection at the Portland Art Museum. Them design work has won awards in Print magazine, Print National Awards and American Corporate Identity. It has also been shown in the HOW and Step-by-Step magazines.
References
1941 births
2001 deaths
Artists from San Francisco
Bay State was a brand name used by John C. Haynes & Co., Boston, MA for their better grades of guitars, banjos and mandolins from circa 1861. John Haynes & Co. also marketed guitars under the William B. Tilton and Haynes Excelsior brand names before 1900.
See also
Oliver Ditson
References
Citations
(1) http://www.mugwumps.com/wrenches.html - a catalog of banjo wrenches, compiled by Michael I. Holmes
(2) http://www.billsbanjos.com/Baystate317.htm - documentation of a Banjo made circa 1890 by the John C. Haynes & Co.
Guitars
1861 establishments in Massachusetts
Wallace Macarthur King AO was the chief executive officer of Leighton Holdings, Australia's largest engineering and construction company. They were CEO from 1987 until they were replaced on 1 February 2011 by David Stewart, making them one of the longest-running CEOs in Australian history.
Wallace King is an alumnus of the University of New South Wales, graduating with both a Bachelor of Engineering and a Master of Engineering Science. The university recognised their accomplishments by conferring on them the degree of Doctor of Science (honoris causa).
They joined Leighton Contractors in 1968 and became managing director of that company in 1977. They were appointed as deputy managing director of Leighton Holdings in 1983, and promoted to CEO in 1987.
King was appointed Member of the Order of Australia in 1998 for "service to the construction industry, to the Australian Constructors Association and to the community" and in 2001 awarded the Centenary Medal for "service to Australian society in civil, structural and mining engineering". They were promoted to Officer of the Order of Australia in the 2004 Queen's Birthday Honours for "service to the Australian construction industry as a leader and innovator and through initiatives to develop the export of engineering services, particularly in the Asian region, and to the community through support for a range of educational, environmental, welfare and cultural organisations".
Corporate & other positions
Wallace King has been a director of Coca-Cola Amatil since 2002.  They are also a member of the University Council of the University of New South Wales.
Notes
Australian chief executives
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The rosy-patched bushshrike (Rhodophoneus cruentus) is a species of bird in the family Malaconotidae. It is monotypic within the genus Rhodophoneus.
It is found in Djibouti, Egypt, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, Sudan, and Tanzania.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
References
rosy-patched bushshrike
Birds of the Horn of Africa
rosy-patched bushshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lambaré () is a city in Central Department, Paraguay, part of the Gran Asunción metropolitan area. With a population of approximately 140,000 inhabitants, it is the sixth-most populous city in the country.
Toponymy
The name of the town derive from the Guarani language Ambaré, "the land of shadows". The people were known as avambaré, citizens of El Ambaré.
Notable residents
Rafael Lovera - professional boxer
References
World Gazeteer: Paraguay – World-Gazetteer.com
Populated places established in 1766
Mariko Daouda (born 13 November 1981 in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire) is a retired Ivorian footballer.
Honours
Dinamo București
Supercupa României: 2005
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Ivorian footballers
Ivorian expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
AC Bellinzona players
FC U Craiova 1948 players
FC Dinamo București players
FC Argeș Pitești players
CS Mioveni players
Tianjin Jinmen Tiger F.C. players
Chongqing Liangjiang Athletic F.C. players
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Liga I players
Chinese Super League players
Expatriate footballers in China
Stade d'Abidjan players
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in China
Sportspeople from Abidjan
Matthew Clayton Hill (born 26 March 1981) is an English former footballer who played as a defender. Born in Bristol, Hill started their career with Bristol City where they made over 200 appearances. They subsequently joined Preston North End where they also spent a successful spell, playing over 100 times for the Lancashire club. A move to Wolverhampton Wanderers followed but first team opportunities were more limited and they were loaned to Queens Park Rangers before leaving to join Barnsley. After only one season at the South Yorkshire club they transferred to Blackpool but again played few first team games before being loaned to Sheffield United, with the move being made permanent in the summer of 2012.  They are currently the manager of non-league Stafford Rangers F.C.
Career
Bristol City
Hill began their professional career at their home town club Bristol City, making their debut aged 17 on 7 November 1998 in a 6–1 defeat to Wolves. They progressed to become a first choice player by the 2000–01 season, claiming both the Player of the Year and Young Player of the Year honour at Ashton Gate in the same season in 2001–02 season. They twice came close to winning promotion with the Robins from the third tier, but they lost in the play-offs for two successive seasons.
Preston North End
The defender finally moved up a division when they joined Preston North End in January 2005 in a £100,000 deal. Their first season almost ended with a place in the Premier League, but it was third time unlucky for Hill in the play-offs as Preston lost the final to West Ham. The following season brought more disappointment as injury ruled them out of the final month, where the club once again missed out in the play-offs. They recovered for the 2006–07 season and went on to win the Preston fans' Player of the Year Award.
Wolverhampton Wanderers
Hill joined Wolverhampton Wanderers on 1 September 2008 signing a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee. Hill contested the left–back slot with Stephen Ward throughout the season, but made 13 appearances in helping Wolves win promotion to the Premier League as champions.
After making only two appearances in the top flight, Hill was loaned to Championship side Queens Park Rangers in January 2010 for the remainder of the 2009–10 campaign.
Barnsley
In October 2010. Hill joined Championship side Barnsley on a one-month emergency loan deal after full-back Jay McEveley picked up an injury. They suffered a foot fracture which led to them returning to Molineux for treatment, before returning to Barnsley in the New Year.
In January 2011, their contract with Wolves was terminated by mutual consent and it was later announced that they had signed a deal until the end of the season with Barnsley.
Hill scored their first goal in seven years in the 2–2 draw with Nottingham Forest on 1 January, latching onto a pass and thumping across Lee Camp. They emulated this feat in the 3–3 draw with Leeds United in February.
Blackpool
Hill's contract with Barnsley expired in May 2011 and they left the club. They joined Blackpool on 9 July, and played their first game with the club on 11 August in a goalless League Cup tie with Sheffield Wednesday. Hill made their first League start in a home game against Derby County on 17 August. On 6 March 2012, Hill joined Football League One side Sheffield United on loan until the end of the season to ease a defensive crisis at the club. They started regularly from that point, eventually making fifteen appearances for the South Yorkshire club. Their final appearance for the Blades came at Wembley for the League One play-off final. Hill scored in the game's penalty shoot out when the game was level after extra time but United slipped to defeat.
Sheffield United
Having been released by Blackpool, Hill signed a permanent deal with Sheffield United at the end of July 2012. Having been a regular in the starting XI for most of the season, Hill was ruled out for 6 weeks with a broken jaw in January 2013. Hill eventually returned to the side in March and played regularly until the end of the season, finishing having made 41 appearances in all competitions.
During the 2013–14 season, Hill was largely used as a substitute by new managers David Weir and Nigel Clough, starting occasional games as cover for other defenders. Despite this Hill made a further 39 appearances for the Blades during the season.
In May 2014, with the season over, Hill announced that they would be leaving United as their contract had expired, stating that "I am sad to say I am leaving Sheffield United. I have had a fantastic time with the lads, staff and fans." Hill played 95 times in total for United.
Tranmere Rovers
Hill joined Tranmere Rovers on a non contract basis in August 2014. After five appearances they signed a one-year contract with Rovers. Two weeks later Hill picked up the Achilles tendon injury against Newport County that forced them to miss the next six months. They recovered by the end of the season making substitute appearance at Mansfield on 14 April. Hill returned to the starting eleven against Plymouth, however Tranmere lost 2-3 which confirmed their relegation to the National League. After the end of the season they signed a new six-month contract with Rovers.
Career statistics
Honours
Football League Trophy: 2003
Football League Championship: 2009
Personal life
Their son James Hill is also a footballer as is their cousin, Scott Golbourne.
References
External links
Official profile at Sheffield United
1981 births
Living people
Footballers from Bristol
English footballers
Association football defenders
Bristol City F.C. players
Preston North End F.C. players
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. players
Queens Park Rangers F.C. players
Barnsley F.C. players
Blackpool F.C. players
Sheffield United F.C. players
Tranmere Rovers F.C. players
Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C. players
Premier League players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Echinarachnius is a genus of sand dollars, belonging to the family Echinarachniidae .
Species of Echinarachnius have been around since the Pliocene epoch.
Species
†Echinarachnius alaskensis Durham, 1957
Echinarachnius asiaticus Michelin, 1859
†Echinarachnius humilis Nisiyama, 1968
†Echinarachnius kewi Grant & Eaton in Eaton, Grant & Allen, 1941
†Echinarachnius naganoensis Morishita, 1953
Echinarachnius parma (Lamarck, 1816)
†Echinarachnius rumoensis Hayasaka & Shibata, 1952
†Echinarachnius subtumidus Nisiyama & Hashimoto, 1950
References
External links
J.E. (1825). An attempt to divide the Echinida, or Sea Eggs, into natural families. Annals of Philosophy, new series. 10:423-431
Pomel, A. 1883. Classification méthodique et Genera des Échinides vivantes et fossiles. Thèses présentées à la Faculté des Sciences de Paris pour obtenir le Grade de Docteur ès Sciences Naturelles 503, Adolphe Jourdan, Alger, 131 pp
Neave, Sheffield Airey. (1939-1996). Nomenclator Zoologicus vol. 1-10 Online. [developed by uBio, hosted online at MBLWHOI Library
Clypeasteroida
Echinoidea genera
Kraev (, ) is a Slavic masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Kraeva. Notable people with the surname include:
Andrian Kraev (born 1999), Bulgarian footballer
Bozhidar Kraev (born 1997), Bulgarian footballer
Russian-language surnames
Bulgarian-language surnames
Buck Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Russia in Herkimer County, north of Poland, just south of Windhoek, in South Africa. (but it's in New York?)
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Quello che sei is the fifth studio album of the Italian band Punkreas, released in 2005.
Track listing
American Dream - 3:59
Satanasso - 3:43
Un momento migliore - 3:32
L'uomo con le branchie - 3:26
Prima fila - 3:24
Questa è la storia - 3:19
Fratello poliziotto - 3:27
Bastardi - 3:40
Tutto vero - 3:08
Chirurgo plastico - 4:20
Vietato - 5:35
References
2005 albums
Punkreas albums
Post is a surname of Low German and Dutch origin. It can be either toponymic (near a post, or marker) or occupational ("messenger; courier"). People with the name Post include:
Achim Post (born 1959), German politician
(1839–1895), German jurist and judge
Albertson Van Zo Post (1866–1938), American fencer
Alfred Post (1926–2013), German footballer
Alfred Charles Post (1806–1886), American surgeon
Alfred M. Post (1847–1923), Justice of the Nebraska Supreme Court
Alise Post (born 1991), American bicycle motocross (BMX) racer
(b. 1983), Norwegian winter triathlete
Arthur Post (born 1959), American conductor
Amy Post (1802–1889), American abolitionist and women's rights activist
Anders Post Jacobsen (born 1985), Danish footballer
Austin Richard Post (born 1995), American rapper known as "Post Malone"
Bill Post (born 1950s), American radio personality and Oregon politician
C. W. Post (1854–1914), American foods manufacturer
Carole Post (fl. 2000s–2020s), American executive and information officer
Caroline Lathrop Post (1824–1915), American poet
Christian Frederick Post (1710–1785), Prussian-American Protestant missionary
Connie Post, American poet
Danny Post (born 1989), Dutch footballer
David Post (born c. 1950), American legal scholar
Dickie Post (born 1945), American football player
Don Post (1902–1979), American latex mask manufacturer
Ehrhardt Post (1881–1947), German chess master
Elisabeth Post (born 1965), Dutch politician
Elisabeth Maria Post (1755–1812), Dutch poet and author
Elizabeth Post (1920–2010), American etiquette writer, granddaughter of Emily Post
(b. 1973), Dutch author and journalist
Emil Leon Post (1897–1954), Polish-American mathematician
Emily Post (1872–1960), American author on etiquette
Ethel Post-Parrish (died 1960), American Spiritualist medium
Florian Post (born 1981), German politician
Frank Post (born 1962), American BMX racer
Frans Post (1612–1680), Dutch painter
Glen Post (born 1952), American chief executive
George Adams Post (1854–1925), Congressman from Pennsylvania
George Booth Post (1906–1997). American watercolorist and art educator
George Browne Post (1837–1913), American architect
George Edward Post (1838–1909), American physician and botanist
George Morrison Post (1883–1966), American architect
Guy Bates Post (1875–1968), American character actor
Hafız Post (c. 1630 – 1694), Turkish composer and musician
Harry C. Post (1868–1961), American educator, founder of Post University
(1904–1986), Dutch philologist
Henry Post (1885–1914), American aviation pioneer
Howard Post (1926–2010), American animator and comic artist
Isaac Post (1798–1872), American abolitionist and women's rights activist
Jacob Post (1774–1855), English Quaker and a religious writer
James D. Post (1863–1921), U.S. Representative from Ohio
James E. Post (born c. 1950), American business scholar
Jayden Post (born 1989), Australian rules footballer
Jermaine Post (born 1992), Dutch racing cyclist
Jim Post (born 1939), American folk musician
Johannes Post (1906–1944), Dutch Resistance member
Joop Post (born 1950), Dutch business person and politician
Joseph Post (1906–1972), Australian conductor and music administrator
Jotham Post, Jr. (1771–1817), U.S. Representative from New York
Juliët Post (born 1997), Dutch cricketer
Keanau Post (born 1992), Canadian basketball player
Laura Post (born c. 1985), American voice actor
Leslee Milam Post, Arkansas politician
Lorenzo L. Post (1821–?), Wisconsin politician
Louise Post (born 1966), American rock singer and guitarist
Louis Freeland Post (1849–1928), prominent Georgist and Assistant United States Secretary of Labor
Lyman Post (1863–1933), American publisher and editor
Madison Post (1815–1867), American mayor of Tampa, Florida
Marion Post (1910–1990), American photographer
Marjorie Merriweather Post (1887–1973), American socialite and founder of General Foods, Inc.
Mark Post (born 1957), Dutch pharmacologist
Markie Post (1950–2021), American actor
Marten Post (born 1942), Dutch visual artist
Mary Post (1841–1934), American education pioneer
Maurice Post (fl. 1906), American college football coach
Maurice E. Post (1881–1958), Michigan politician
Maurits Post (1645–1677), Dutch architect
Melville Davisson Post (1871–1930), American mystery author
Meredith Post, American television writer
Mike Post (born 1944), American composer and music producer
Mike Post (born 1944), British airline pilot, pension campaigner
Mikey Post (born c. 1990), American actor
Morton Everel Post (1840–1933), American politician
Nathan Post (1881–1938), 7th and 10th Governor of American Samoa
Peggy Post (born 1945), American etiquette writer
Peter Post (1933–2011), Dutch cyclist and directeur sportif
Philip S. Post (1833–1895), American diplomat, politician, and Army officer
Pieter Post (1608–1669), Dutch architect, painter and printmaker
Randy Post (born 1968), American illustrator
Regis Henri Post (1870–1944), New York politician and Governor of Puerto Rico
Reuben Post (1792–1858), American Presbyterian clergyman
Richard F. Post (1918–2015), American physicist
Robert Post (born 1979), Norwegian singer/songwriter
Robert C. Post (born 1947), American law professor
Robert P. Post (1910–1943), American war correspondent
Sam Post (1896–1971), American baseball player
Sander Post (born 1984), Estonian footballer
Sandra Post (born 1948), Canadian golfer
Saskia Post (born 1961), American-born Australian actor
Seraphim Post (1904–1975), American football player
Siim-Markus Post (born 1997), Estonian basketball player
Soraya Post (born 1956), Swedish politician
Stephen Post (1810–1879), American Latter Day Saint leader
Stephen G. Post (born 1951), American ethicist
Steve Post (1944–2014), American freeform radio artist
Sue-Ann Post (born 1964), Australian comedian and writer
Suzy Post (born 1933), American civil rights activist
Ted Post (1918–2013), American television and film director
Troy Victor Post (1906–1998), American insurance executive
Wally Post (1929–1982), Major League Baseball outfielder
Walter A. Post (died 1912), first mayor of Newport News, Virginia
Wiley Post (1898–1935), American aviator; first pilot to fly solo around the world
William Post (1939–2006), American lottery winner
(1857–1921), American photographer
Wright Post (1766–1828), American surgeon
Van der Post
Laurens van der Post (1906–1996), South African author
Von Post
Gunilla von Post (1932–2011), Swedish aristocrat and Kennedy friend
(1822–1911), Swedish geologist and agricultural scientist
Lennart von Post (1884–1951), Swedish naturalist and geologist
Vicken von Post Totten (1886–1950), Swedish ceramicist, sculptor, painter, and illustrator
Fictional characters
Johnny Post, from the American television series Oz
Wilber and Carol Post, from the American television series Mister Ed
References
See also
Post (disambiguation)
Poste (disambiguation)
Dutch-language surnames
Low German surnames
Estonian-language surnames
Järva Teataja is newspaper published in Paide, Järva County by Postimees Grupp.
Newspaper's editor-in-chief is Tiit Reinberg.
Earlier names
Earlier names as follows:
1926–1940 Järva Teataja
1941 Töötav Järvalane
1941–1944 Järva Teataja
1944–1945 Uus Järvalane
1945–1950 Järvalane
1951–1956 Stalinlik tee
1956–1989 Võitlev Sõna
from 1989 Järva Teataja.
References
External links
Newspapers published in Estonia
Paide
Phantom Singer () is JTBC's music television program which is an audition program aiming to pick a male crossover vocal quartet. The show's season 1 was aired from November 11, 2016, to January 27, 2017, every Friday at 21:00. Season 2 was aired from August 11, 2017, to November 11, 2017, every Friday at 21:00. Season 3 was aired from April 10, 2020, to July 3, 2020, every Friday at 21:00. A special season Phantom Singer All Stars was aired from January 26, 2021, to April 20, 2021.
Host
Jun Hyun-moo (Seasons 1–3, All Star special)
Kim Hee-chul (Season 1)
Producers
Format
Seasons 1 to 3
Contestants who successfully passed the open audition perform a chosen solo song in front of the panel of six producers and further trimmed down to 32 (or 36 in season 3). They proceed to the "1 v 1 duet" stage where contestants are paired up through a random draw and must sing a duet together while competing for a place in the next stage. The producers individually cast their votes on which contestant to keep in each pair. In each duet, the contestant with the lowest number of collective votes are considered for elimination. The producers have a meeting to decide which of the candidates should be kept in the competition and which ones should be eliminated, only announcing the eliminated candidates later; this practice would be repeated for each round of eliminations.
The remaining contestants proceed to the "duet v duet" stage. They are individually allowed to choose their duet partner and are allowed to mix together in a room for thirty minutes before deciding on their duet partner. Each duet will compete against another duet, chosen through a random draw. The panel of producers will individually score each duet out of 100, with 600 being the highest possible score. The panel decides on the candidates for elimination among the losing duets. After that, in preparation for the trio stage, the winning duets will be allowed to pick their third member among those retained contestants who had been in the losing duets. The "trio v trio" stage is conducted in the same way as the "duet v duet" stage and the top 3 winning trios will be allowed the first pick of their fourth member in preparation for the quartet stage. The trios who rank below the top 3 have to reshuffle their line-ups to form new quartets.
The first round of the quartet stage features the quartets performing their selected song and scored by the panel in the same way as the "duet v duet" and "trio v trio" stages. Only the quartet ranked first is allowed to keep all their members while one member from each of the other quartets is eliminated. The remaining contestants are then randomly grouped into quartets for the next round. Similar to the previous round, only the top ranked quartet keeps all their members while the other quartets lose a member each. The remaining twelve contestants write down the contestants they wished to be in a quartet with and undergo an interview with the panel to make their case. The panel makes the final decision based on the vocal range of each contestant and the members' ability to work together as a team.
During the first round of the final stage, the three finalist quartets perform two songs in front of the panel and a live studio audience, accompanied by a live band and chamber orchestra. Points are awarded based on votes from both the audience and the panel of producers. The very last round of the final stage features a much larger studio audience and is televised live. The quartets perform two songs each. The panel does not evaluate the quartets, who are instead awarded points based on text voting and votes from the live studio audience. The winner is decided based on the cumulative points from both rounds.
The scoring method for the "1 v 1" stage was changed in the third season. In that stage, individual producers score each contestant out of 100, with the highest score being 600. Previously, the individual producers only voted for which contestant to keep and the contestant with the least number of votes was immediately a candidate for elimination.
Contestants
In seasons 1 and 2, 32 contestants were selected from the open auditions. Due to the popularity of the first two seasons, places for four more contestants were added in season 3. The majority of the contestants were professional singers or musical actors with work experience while the remaining contestants came from a variety of backgrounds and included university students (mostly voice majors) and corporate employees who were amateur singers. The contestants themselves were responsible for selecting their repertoire and producing their own performances in collaboration with music director Kwon Tae-eun, renowned for their work on JTBC audition program Superband and with K-pop songwriters and producers J. Y. Park and Bang Si-hyuk.
Winning contestants of Season 1
Winning contestants of Season 2
Winning contestants of Season 3
Phantom Singer All Star
A twelve-episode All Star special was aired from January to April 2021. It featured the top three quartets from all three seasons. Yoon Sang and Bada, both of whom had been part of the panel of producers, returned and were joined by a "celebrity fan" panel composed of idol singers, actors and comedians. Due to COVID-19 restrictions, there was no audience in the studio; instead the "live audience" joined via live stream and the feed was projected on the screen behind to simulate the presence of a studio audience.
As this special was not a competition, there was no "knock out" format or elimination. Instead, the quartets compete against one another for the trophy and a special prize (mostly foodstuff or coupons). They were assigned seven missions to complete and the winner was named "MVP" and got to keep the trophy on their table for the entire next round until relinquishing it to the next winner. The first mission required quartet members themselves to vote for quartets other than their own while the rest counted votes only from the celebrity panel and the live audience. In the final episode, entitled "Phantom Singer Friends", all nine quartets are reshuffled based on similar song preferences and specially-formed quartets performed the selected song together in their own style.
Prior to filming, the quartets draw lots to determine the performance order. The nine celebrity panelists will vote and the quartet will be crowned "All Stars" if they receive a star (vote) from each panelist. The final ranking is determined by combining the votes of the celebrity panel, live audience and the other quartets not performing. The winning team is in bold.
Each quartet nominates another quartet to go up against. One quartet picks a duel to join, making it a three-way battle. The winning team is in bold and the team with the most votes is named overall MVP.
Each quartet selects a member to represent their team and perform solo. The singer who earns the most number of points (calculated from live audience and celebrity votes) wins and earns the right to sit on the throne. If another singer earns more points, the previous winner will be immediately "dethroned". The singer who remains on the throne until the end is the overall MVP.
The seasons face off against one another. The quartets from each season reshuffle into two quartets and two duos and face against the quartets and duos from other seasons. The winning team for each match-up is in bold. The season with the most number of wins is the overall MVP.
Each team is assigned a genre and must perform a song from that particular genre. They draw lots for the team to compete against and one pair is joined by a third team to form a three-way battle. The overall MVP is decided among the winning teams based on the most number of collective votes from the live audience and celebrity panel.
The focus is on Korean-language pop songs and the quartets must choose songs from either the 1980s to 1990s or 2000s and later. The quartet which earns the most number of points (calculated from live audience and celebrity panelists' votes) wins and earns the right to sit on the thrones. If another quartet earns more points, the previous winner will be immediately "dethroned". The quartet who remains on the throne until the end is the overall MVP. The performance order is determined beforehand through a random draw.
The quartets have a final showdown and put on their last performances. The winning team is in bold and is decided by votes from the live audience and celebrity panel.
Before filming, the top nine most viewed and trended songs from Phantom Singer (three from each season) are chosen. Each of the 36 participants select the three songs they want to perform and the production team groups them according to their choices and vocal range. There is no winner selected.
List of episodes and rating
In the ratings below, the highest rating for the show will be in red, and the lowest rating for the show will be in blue each season.
Season 1
Season 2
Season 3
Phantom Singer All Star special
Awards and nominations
Reception
The show has been credited with reintroducing the classical crossover genre to the South Korean public and popularizing it. It also increased interest and awareness of the bel canto style of singing more commonly used in classical repertoire, especially opera. The unique format of the show, where both amateur singers of different backgrounds and trained singers were randomly grouped together and given the artistic freedom to arrange and design their own performances, ensured that the performances showcased songs from a variety of genres, rather than only traditional classical crossover. Some of the contestants' performances on the show, especially in the Star special, have been described by several media outlets as "genre-destroying".
The JoongAng Ilbo, noted in an op-ed on the ratings success of the first season, positive reception from viewers and the high quality of the performances: "It was also the moment when unknown musicians who had excellent skills but did not have a stage to sing to their heart's content were reborn as stars." The Korea Herald praised its focus on the contestants' musical skills and professional training and their preparation process prior to each performance rather than overly relying on the "entertainment factor" and "personal storylines" characteristic of most K-pop or idol-focused domestic audition or survival programs. Viewers have praised the choice of "producers" (the six-member panel) as they were selected based on industry experience and expertise, rather appearing merely to boost viewership.
Impact and legacy
Commentators and industry observers noted that Phantom Singer was met with negativity from traditionalist factions of the classical music community but was enthusiastically embraced by the younger generation of classically-trained singers. The enthusiasm arose from a dissatisfaction with the unspoken restrictions on what repertoire they were supposed to perform as "classical musicians" and they saw Phantom Singer as a platform to collaborate with fellow musicians and utilize their skillset without limitations. The show gained notoriety within the domestic classical music community due to the large number of classically-trained singers and voice majors participating as contestants and the presence of opera singer Son Hye-soo in the panel of producers. Of the final twelve contestants from each season, more than half were classically-trained. Seasons 2 and 3 notably featured contestants who had been winners or finalists at prestigious vocal music competitions abroad, held postgraduate degrees in voice or were already establishing themselves at various opera houses in Europe.
Despite the global success of The Three Tenors and Il Divo, the domestic classical music community was still largely conservative and segregationist and frowned on voice majors performing popular music due to a prevailing prejudice that classically-trained singers who ventured into popular music would lose their singing skills. Such attitudes persisted into the 2000's, with tenor Park In-soo being infamously expelled from their opera company after collaborating with folk singer Lee Dong-won for the 1989 hit "Nostalgia" (향수) while musical theater veteran and crossover singer Kai, a voice major from Seoul National University and the first crossover recording artist to top the domestic classical chart and chart in the top 30 of the Gaon Album Chart, faced considerable opposition from most of their professors when they shunned a career in opera. The classically-trained members of the winning teams from all three seasons have openly stated that the restrictive environment was what prompted them to audition for Phantom Singer rather than pursue a career solely in opera and classical music and welcomed the program as a much-needed platform to boost the profile of the crossover genre.
While crossover vocal groups have existed prior to Phantom Singer, the quartets formed on the show continue to enjoy much more mainstream popularity and regularly appear on weekly televised music programs such as Open Concert and Immortal Songs: Singing the Legend. According to statistics compiled by the Korea Performing Arts Box Office Information System (KOPIS), concerts by Phantom Singer participants dominated ticket sales within the "classical and opera" category for the first half of 2021, despite COVID-19 restrictions. The decrease in ticket sales of other classical musicians and groups, in contrast to those who appeared on Phantom Singer, have prompted observations that the domestic classical music industry has failed to adapt marketing and presentation strategies to attract a new generation of concert-goers or overcome the perception about classical music being "boring".
References
External links
Phantom Singer 1
Phantom Singer 2
Phantom Singer 3
Phantom Singer All Star
2016 South Korean television series debuts
JTBC original programming
Korean-language television shows
Music competitions in South Korea
Singing talent shows
Lisa Weix is an American former rugby union player. They represented runners-up, the , at the 1994 Women's Rugby World Cup in Scotland.
Weix played for the Richmond Women's team in England.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Female rugby union players
American female rugby union players
United States women's international rugby union players
The Monument to Soviet Tank Crews (Czech: Památník sovětských tankistů) was a World War II memorial located in Prague. It is also known as the Pink Tank because it was controversially painted pink in 1991, first by installation artist David Černý and a second time by members of parliament in protest at their arrest.
The original location of the monument was .
The monument
The monument was erected in Kinsky Square (Náměstí Kinských) in the Smíchov district of Prague, and was dedicated on 29 July 1945, by Soviet General Ivan Konev and municipal representatives. The tank rested on a massive five-metre stone pedestal, its barrel pointing westwards. It was built to commemorate the arrival of Konev's 1st Ukrainian Front, namely the Fourth Tank Army led by Lelyushenko, on 9 May 1945, ending the German occupation of Prague. It was originally intended to represent Lt I. G. Goncharenko's T-34-85 medium tank of the 63rd Tank Brigade, the first tank to enter Prague in May 1945 and subsequently knocked out in the street fighting. However, the monument was an IS-2m heavy tank instead of a T-34, and its turret was labelled 23 whereas Goncharenko's tank had borne the tactical marking I-24.
Following the communist coup of 1948, the monument was elevated to the status of National Cultural Monument, commemorating the liberation of Prague by the Red Army, and the square was renamed Soviet Tank Square.
Controversy and removal
After the 1989 Velvet Revolution and the end of communist censorship, the legacy of the tank was openly discussed. For many citizens, the tank symbolised the Soviet occupation that ended the Prague Spring in 1968 and the subsequent permanent installation of Soviet military units, rather than the events of World War II. Popular local lore noted that the number 23 painted on the tank's turret was indicative of the year of the Soviet invasion (1945 + 23 = 1968). In February 1991, historian Pavel Bělina argued that there were "neither moral nor historical grounds" for preserving the monument.
On the night of 27/28 April 1991, art student David Černý and friends painted the tank pink and erected a large finger suggesting an obscene gesture on its turret, signing the work "David Černý and the Neostunners". Černý was arrested under an often-abused law concerning "hooliganism", and after an official protest by the Soviet government, the tank was re-painted green in time for the anniversary. However, fifteen members of the newly elected parliaments from Civic Forum and Public Against Violence took advantage of their official immunity and painted the tank back to pink on 16 May in protest against Černý's arrest. The national monument status was abolished, Černý was released, and the tank was removed after being repeatedly painted green, then pink again, a few more times. The tank is now located at Military Museum Lešany near Týnec nad Sázavou, about 20 kilometres south of Prague.
On 17 October 2002, a fountain called Propadliště času ("Trapdoor of Time") was installed in the spot the tank formerly occupied.
In 2004, a CowParade was held in Prague. One of the fibreglass cows was painted khaki by Roman Týc and provided with five-pointed red stars and white numbers 23 on both flanks, with the intention to paint it pink later on. From May to September 2004, the cow named "Romeo 23" was placed on Kinsky Square. On 8 July, one day before the planned happening when the cow was to be painted pink, two students cut the star and number from the cow's side.
Černý later proposed a new statue: a pink tank buried three-quarters in the ground. On 21 August 2008, the pink hull of a tank was unofficially installed on the spot. It has a white invasion stripe, the same as Soviet tanks that entered Czechoslovakia in 1968. According to Černý, the statue should draw attention to contemporary politics of Russia. After strong vocal objections from Prime Minister Miloš Zeman and Russian Ambassador Vasili Yakovlev, municipal representatives rejected the project. The statue was finally installed at Lázně Bohdaneč, a spa resort where occupying Soviet troops were located until the early 1990s (location: ).
On 20 June 2011, the Pink Tank temporarily returned to Prague as part of a celebration of the 20th anniversary of the withdrawal of Soviet occupation forces. Its return included the erect middle finger, and the entire piece was placed on a barge on the Vltava river and displayed near the Charles Bridge until 1 July 2012.
See also
Mandela Way T-34 Tank
References
Bibliography
Wright, Patrick (2001). Tank: The Progress of a Monstrous War Machine, p. 379. Viking Adult. .
Zaloga, Steven J., Jim Kinnear (1996 [2004]). T-34-85 Medium Tank 1944–94, pp. 42–43. Oxford: Osprey Publishing. .
Zaloga, Steven J., Jim Kinnear, Andrey Aksenov & Aleksandr Koshchavtsev (1997). Soviet Tanks in Combat 1941-45: The T-28, T-34, T-34-85, and T-44 Medium Tanks, Hong Kong: Concord Publication. .
"Pink tank" returns to Prague, floating on river
External links
The complicated history of Prague's Tank No. 23, article on Radio Prague web site, including photos of the original memorial, the pink tank, and of David Černý
Actions: Tank 91, Artwork: Sochy: Tank: Lešany – photos at davidcerny.cz
Marking Memory: Ambiguity and Amnesia in the Monument to Soviet Tank Crews in Prague
Soviet military memorials and cemeteries
Czechoslovakia–Soviet Union relations
History of Prague
Smíchov
Individual tanks
1945 establishments in Czechoslovakia
Outdoor sculptures in Prague
Graffiti and unauthorised signage
Heavy tanks of the Soviet Union
Controversies in the Czech Republic
Kamabai is a small town in Bombali District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone, with a population of about 4000 within a 7-kilometre (4.3 mi) radius (including the villages of Kagbumbo, Bonaia, Manlokoko, Kawere, Masasa, Makombon, Matunko, Mateli, Mabunko, Karim, Mankorokoro, Kamaron and Katanta). The town is about 41 kilometres (25 mi) northeast of Makeni. The town has several secondary schools, including the Kamabai secondary school, which is one of the largest secondary schools in Northern Sierra Leone, a government hospital and a nightclub.
The town is largely populated by the Limba people who are descendants from the Biriwa Heritage. Other significant minority ethnic groups in the town include the Mandingo, Fula and Temne. The Limba language along with the Krio language are widely spoken.
Kamabai is the birthplace of Almamy Suluku, who was one of Sierra Leone's most powerful rulers during the colonial era. The town is also the birthplace of Sierra Leone President Ernest Bai Koroma's mother, Alice Evelyn Sesay, who was married by a Koroma in Makeni. They were brought-up successfully in Kamabai town and then moved to Makeni where they gave birth to the future-president.
References
Populated places in Sierra Leone
Northern Province, Sierra Leone
The Community Living Assistance Services and Supports Act (or CLASS Act) was a U.S. federal law, enacted as Title VIII of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. The CLASS Act would have created a voluntary and public long-term care insurance option for employees, but in October 2011 the Obama administration announced it was unworkable and would be dropped. The CLASS Act was repealed January 1, 2013.
Under the Act the Department of Health and Human Services was to set the terms prior to implementation, but determined the program was not viable and could not go into effect.
The CLASS Act had been "a key priority" of the late Senator Edward "Ted" Kennedy.
Key provisions
Most of the terms were to be developed by the Department of Health and Human Services over several years. However, certain terms were set in statute:
Enrollees would have paid a monthly premium, through payroll deduction
Enrollees would have been covered on a guaranteed-issue basis
Enrollees would have been eligible for benefits after paying premiums for five years and having worked at least three of those years
Enrollees would have received a lifetime cash benefit after meeting benefit eligibility criteria, based on the degree of impairment
Timeline for provisions
June 21, 2010: Required the Secretary to establish a Personal Care Attendants Workforce Academy Advisory Panel for the purpose of examining and advising the Secretary and Congress on workforce issues related to personal care attendants
By January 1, 2011: Established the CLASS Program, as specified
By January 1, 2011: Addressed infrastructure for personal care attendant workers
By January 1, 2011: Required information on supplemental coverage from the CLASS program in the National Clearinghouse for Long-Term Care Information
By January 1, 2012: Would have required the Secretary to (1) establish an Eligibility Assessment System (2) enter into agreements with the Protection and Advocacy System for each state; and (3) enter into agreements with public and private entities to provide advice and assistance counseling.
By October 1, 2012: Would have required the Secretary to designate a benefit plan as the CLASS Independence Benefit Plan and publish such designation, along with details of the plan and the reasons for the Secretary's selection, in a final rule to allow for a public comment period.
Beginning January 1, 2014: Would have required the Secretary to submit an annual report to Congress on the CLASS program, as specified.
Goals of the legislation
Expanded availability of long-term care
According to Barbara Manard, a health economist with LeadingAge, the act would have created "a national insurance trust" with a potential "daily cash benefit on the order of about $50 to $75 a day, depending on your level of disability."
Reduce near-term government deficit
The Congressional Budget Office estimated the program would have resulted in $72 Billion in deficit reduction in the first ten years, including $2 Billion in Medicaid savings because of individuals receiving benefits under the CLASS Act that they could have received under Medicaid, and because no benefits would be paid out at all in the first five years. However, in the longer term, the CBO noted that "In the decade following 2029, the CLASS program would begin to increase
budget deficits" as payouts increased, with the trust fund remaining solvent for a seventy-five year period but running bankrupt after that. The effect on the deficit in the ten-year budget window was particularly important due to the Byrd Rule.
Premiums
Premium rates were to be determined by the Department of Health and Human Services with subsidies for low-income individuals and students. Premium rates would have varied by issue age. The CLASS program contained an implicit redistribution tax to subsidize lower income and full-time student participants.
Benefits
The legislation did not set specific benefits. The Secretary of Health and Human Services was tasked with developing actuarially sound premiums and benefits.
Many organizations, including the Congressional Budget Office, developed estimates of potential premiums and benefits:
Benefits would have varied by severity of functional limitation, with the average being at least $50 per day. The benefit schedule could have been adjusted in future years by the Secretary.
Enrollment process
Employers would have auto-enrolled employees through payroll deduction, a negative election similar to some 401(k) plans.
Tax treatment
Tax treatment would have been the same as for tax-qualified long-term care plans (i.e., benefits would not have been taxable and premiums might have been eligible for medical expense deduction).
Limitations
Participation would have been limited to employees actively at work, and required a five-year vesting period (including three working years) prior to benefit eligibility.
The CLASS program did not extend coverage to an employee's family members. It was not clear how non-working spouses could enroll in the program or receive benefits due to the requirement that the beneficiary must have had sufficient earnings to be credited with income quarters under the Social Security Act.
The statute says, "No taxpayer funds shall be used for payment of benefits under a CLASS Independent Benefit Plan... the term ‘taxpayer funds' means any Federal funds from a source other than premiums.... and any associated interest earnings."
Administrative expense
Administrative expenses, including advocacy and assistance counseling, were to be limited to three percent of premiums.
Repeal efforts
On April 4, 2011 senators John Thune and Lindsey Graham introduced the Repeal the CLASS Entitlement Act citing the potential of it becoming a new entitlement program. It was predicted that enrollees requiring large medical payouts would be attracted to the plan, leading to the inability of the collected premiums to cover all costs.
On July 19, 2011 the Senate so-called Gang of Six, a bipartisan group of senators proposed to repeal the CLASS act as part of a proposal for a balanced budget legislation.
Abandoned by Obama Administration
On October 14, 2011, HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius announced that the Obama Administration would not attempt to implement the C.L.A.S.S. Act stating "I do not see a viable path forward for Class implementation at this time."
One actuary opined that adverse selection could make the program financially unsustainable. If correct, this would be because too many people likely to need benefits later in life would buy the insurance, with people unlikely to need the benefits not buying because of the relatively high premiums and the fact the program was voluntary. This would result in more benefits being paid than premiums collected.
Final Repeal
On January 1, 2013, the CLASS Act was officially repealed as part of the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, known as the Fiscal Cliff Bill. This law contains a provision that repeals the Community Living Assistance Services and Supports Act.
Criticisms
Republican opponents of the plan called it "a financial gimmick" to manipulate the Congressional Budget Office deficit projections for the PPACA, while Democratic Senator Kent Conrad called it a "Ponzi scheme," because (a) projected premiums during the vesting period were counted as revenue during the first decade but promised spending would have begun in the second decade, so the CBO's 10-year estimates included the revenue but not the spending, and (b) benefits would cost more than premiums.
Timothy Carney of the Washington Examiner wrote that the Act would have encouraged revolving door behavior, calling the Act "an 'unsustainable' subsidy to companies whose former executives helped write it, and which are now hiring the congressional staff that helped write it."
Similar legislation
In 2019, Washington State passed the WA Cares Act, which created a similar system, the first at the state level in the U.S. As of 2022, implementation has been delayed in order to address some criticisms of various provisions.
References
External links
The Sleeper in Health Reform: Long-Term Care and the CLASS Act
United States federal health legislation
Heritage is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1980 and originally released on the AudioSource label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow stated: "By 1980 it seemed as if guitarist Kenny Burrell was spending at least as much time looking backwards (paying tribute to the past greats) as they were creating new music. This out-of-print LP from the obscure AudioSource label features Burrell performing nine jazz standards ... A worthwhile if not particularly innovative set".
Track listing
"A Night in Tunisia" (Dizzy Gillespie, Frank Paparelli) – 5:50
"Mood Indigo" (Duke Ellington, Barney Bigard, Irving Mills) – 4:02
"St. Louis Blues" (W. C. Handy) – 4:23
"'Round Midnight" (Thelonious Monk, Cootie Williams, Bernie Hanighen) – 6:11
"When the Saints Go Marching In" (Traditional) – 4:36
"Naima" (John Coltrane) – 5:24
"Struttin' with Some Barbecue" (Lil Hardin, Don Raye) – 4:12
"A Child Is Born" (Thad Jones) – 3:20
"Lush Life" (Billy Strayhorn) – 5:30
Personnel
Kenny Burrell – electric guitar, acoustic guitar
Oscar Brashear (tracks 1, 4 & 5), Snooky Young (tracks 2, 3, 7 & 8) – trumpet
Marshall Royal – alto saxophone, clarinet (tracks 2, 3, 6 & 7)
Matt Catingub (track 1), Don Menza (tracks 4 & 5), Jerome Richardson (tracks 2, 3 & 9) – tenor saxophone
Pete Jolly (tracks 2, 3, 6, 7 & 9), Patrice Rushen (tracks 1, 4 & 5) – piano
Andy Simpkins – bass (tracks 1-7 & 9)
Shelly Manne – drums (tracks 1-7 & 9)
Moacir Santos – percussion (tracks 1, 4 & 5)
References
Kenny Burrell albums
1980 albums
The Office of the Auditor General of Colombia () is an autonomous organ of the state, and its auditor of the Government of Colombia directly subordinate of the Office of the Inspector General of Colombia.
References
Government agencies established in 1999
Auditor General
Government audit officials
1999 establishments in Colombia
Tulehu United Football Club is an Indonesian professional football club based in Tulehu, Central Maluku Regency, Maluku, that competes in Liga 3. They play their home match at Matawaru Field.
References
Central Maluku Regency
Football clubs in Maluku (province)
Football clubs in Indonesia
Association football clubs established in 2021
2021 establishments in Indonesia
Zodiac is an Enterprise ride at Thorpe Park, Surrey, United Kingdom.
History
The ride originally opened in 2000 as 'Enterprise', though it came to be renamed 'Zodiac' the following year to better suit the expanding Lost City theme alongside the opening of Vortex. This marked the decision to maintain the ride as a permanent installation, though an incident during the 2001 season, in which a gondola became partially detached from the main frame of the ride, leading to the park owners being fined for £65,000 in 2004, necessitated that the ride be replaced. The eventual replacement (for 2006) was yet another Huss Enterprise – sourced from Drayton Manor theme park – that was differently decorated to the original (2001–2004), having a plain white finish on the spokes and minimal red stripes. This has still not been rectified, suggesting that the park have no intention of doing so.
Ride experience
Riders enter small gondolas that are suspended next to a large disc that spins once the ride is in motion. The small gondolas seat two people and there are no restraints, the idea being that the force of the ride will hold you in place and allow you to experience the ride more freely. Ride operators run round the large disc to check that all the cabins have their gates closed correctly. When it is considered safe, Zodiac is put into motion. The disc starts to spin, slowly at first, but becoming faster and faster. Eventually, the suspended gondolas are being forced almost completely sideways at a speed of 13.5 revolutions per minute and the disc starts to pitch upwards into the air on a powerful hydraulic arm. Once the spinning disc has reached the maximum tilt of 70°, riders are almost inverting in the suspended cars, completing a manoeuvre similar to a vertical loop element of a rollercoaster. As soon as maximum tilt is reached, the arm lowers again, the disc slows and riders slowly come to a halt as gravity takes over and reorientates the base of the gondolas towards ground.
Safety
On the rare occasion that Zodiac (or any other HUSS Enterprise) tilts over 90 degrees, an emergency stop procedure is initiated. This is a very uncomfortable situation for guests as the gondolas swing uncontrollably until the wheel comes to a halt. The ride slowly lowers itself back to a level position.
See also
Thorpe Park
Enterprise (ride)
References
External links
Profile of ride
Thorpe Park
Amusement rides introduced in 2000
Amusement rides introduced in 2001
Amusement rides introduced in 2006
Amusement rides manufactured by HUSS Park Attractions
"Every Night" is a song by English musician Paul McCartney, released on their debut solo album McCartney in April 1970. They wrote the song while they were on holiday in Greece. McCartney first performed it live on 23 November 1979 in Liverpool.
Lyrics and music
The lyrics of "Every Night" reflect the difficult situation McCartney was dealing with at the time the song was written, which was in light of the imminent breakup of the Beatles; the words do, however, convey some optimism for the future.
According to James McGrath, the last line, "But tonight I just wanna stay in / And be with you," is the key to the song, in that it "quietly challenges the uneasy relationship between rock and domesticity." McGrath points out that Bob Dylan's song from the previous year, "Tonight I'll Be Staying Here with You," ended on a similar note. The vocalized bridge begins with the same melody that begins McCartney's Beatles song, "You Never Give Me Your Money".
"The structure of 'Every Night' is different from many McCartney songs [as rather as] a true chorus, the vocal refrain of 'every night' occurs at the beginning of each verse. The repeated section, which could be nominally classed as [the] chorus, [comprises] 'oo' vocalisations."
Origin
Paul McCartney would recall having come up with the first two lines of "Every Night" in the mid-1960s, but the song only began to develop during the January 1969 Twickenham Studios sessions for the Beatles' Get Back/Let It Be: specifically on 21 and 24 January 1969 McCartney and their bandmates jammed around McCartney's initial musical idea, giving the song a brief run through with John Lennon on slide guitar. McCartney completed the song while in the Corfiot village of Benitses where they and their wife Linda Eastman vacationed in May-June 1969, along with McCartney's stepdaughter Heather McCartney.
Later release
"Every Night" is also included on:
The live albums Concert for the People of Kampuchea (1981), Unplugged (The Official Bootleg) (1991),Back in the U.S. (2002) and Back in the World Live (2003).
The compilation albums Wingspan: Hits and History (2001) and Pure McCartney (4-CD edition) (2016)
Personnel
According to author John C. Winn:
Paul McCartneylead vocal, three acoustic guitars, bass, drums
Other versions
Billy Joe Royal had an August 1970 single release of "Every Night": notable as the first release recorded at Studio One in Doraville, the single failed to become a major hit peaking in the Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart in Billboard at #113.
Phoebe Snow recorded "Every Night" for their 1978 album Against the Grain, an album Snow would recall as a "disaster [that] tried to be a rock album but had too many opinions. Everybody who played, sang or cleaned up the studio produced that album", adding that "putting 'Every Night' was the one idea of mine that filtered through." Released as the album's lead single in November 1978, "Every Night" failed to become a major U.S. hit despite garnering sufficient attention to rank on the Singles Chart 101-150 in Record World for twelve weeks rising as high as #129 "Every Night" would become Snow's only charting single in the UK with a #37 peak and also their only major hit in Australia reaching #22 on the AR1A singles chart. In New Zealand "Every Night" would chart as high as #6 matching Snow's previous NZ chart best: their 1977 single "Shakey Ground".
"Every Night" has also been recorded covered by Odetta (on their 1970 album Odetta Sings), Claudine Longet (on their 1972 album Let's Spend the Night Together), Richie Havens (on their 1980 album Connections), The 5th Dimension on their 1971 album Love's Lines, Angles and Rhymes and Carry The Zero (on the 2009 McCartney tribute album Looking for Change). In 2014 Jamie Cullum covered the song on The Art of McCartney covers album.
References
Sources
1970 songs
Paul McCartney songs
Songs written by Paul McCartney
Song recordings produced by Paul McCartney
Billy Joe Royal songs
Phoebe Snow songs
Columbia Records singles
Music published by MPL Music Publishing
The Nayak is a historic Indian title conferred on Sardars, who were governors of feudal states in the Middle Ages. Today it is also a surname. Nayaks are mostly Hindu and few Sikhs, who follow Hinduism and Sikhism respectively.
As a surname
Today, the surname Nayak is used by various castes and ethnic groups across India. Mostly they belong from forward class and mainly follows Sikhism and Hinduism.
Nayak, or Naik is a title used by Koli caste of Maharashtra. The Princely State of Jawhar was founded by a Koli Nayak Jayaba Mukne around 1300. The Maval region was known as Koli country of fifty two valleys in Maratha Empire. Each valley was controlled by a Koli Nayak and the Sirnayak, or head chief, lived at Junnar, and presided over the gotarni, or caste council. the Fort of Sinhagad was built and ruled by Koli chief Nag Nayak who resisted the Mughal Sultan Muhammad bin Tughluq for eight months. the Kolis of Maharashtra revolted against Mughal ruler Aurangzeb under their Koli chief Khemirao Sirnaik and in 1769, Kolis revolted against Peshwa of Maratha Empire under their Koli Naik Javji Bamble and broken the peace of Konkan and in 1798, Kolis challenged the British government under their Koli Naik Ramji Naik Bhangria who was father of freedom fighter Raghoji Bhangare.
In Punjab and Chandigarh, the surname Nayak is used by Sikh people who follow Sikhism and are known as kshathriya in their societies.
In Odisha and West Bengal, The Nayak is used by Hindu people who follow Hinduism.
Naik was another Name of Banjara Tribe of India. The Naik/Nayak surname is generally used by Banjaras/Lambani/Labana throughout India. Banjaras can also be described as Naik in Uttar Pradesh. Head of Banjara village/Tanda is called Naik. Some notable Banjaras with the Naik surname are Vasantrao Naik and Sudhakarrao Naik.
In Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Tamil Nadu, other versions of the surnames exists such as Naidu and Naicker. While Nayakar are used by people belonging to Bedar Valmiki, Kapu, Balija, Golla, Telaga, and Kamma. In the north of Tamil Nadu, the title Naicker and Nayagar are used by the Tamil speaking Vanniyars while in the south of Tamil Nadu, the Telugu castes such as Balija, Golla, and the Kammas use the Naicker title. Also in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana the Naik surname is adopted as a surname by several communities including Bedar.
The Muslim Siddis of Karnataka, use the surname Nayaka which they received as a title from the kings of Bijapur.
In Karnataka it is used by some subcastes of the Vokkaliga community. It is also a common surname amidst a section of Makkalasantana following a sect of parivara Bunt (community) and the Nayak/Bedar community.
In Maharashtra the surname Nayak and Naik is used by Kshatriya Marathas, CKPs, Saraswat Brahmin and Deshastha Brahmin communities.
In Tamil Nadu, members of the Vanniyar caste are found in the districts of Chennai, Thiruvallur, Kanchipuram, and Chengalpattu. They use the Naicker and Nayagar as a surname or title. Also in Tamil Nadu, members of the Jakkama clan use Nayakkar, Naicker and Nayagar as a surname or title.
See also
List of Nayakars
References
Indian surnames
Titles in India
The dimorphic fantail (Rhipidura brachyrhyncha) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae.
It is found in New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
dimorphic fantail
Birds of New Guinea
Birds described in 1871
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Travis James Wear (born September 21, 1990) is an American former professional basketball player. They began their pro career with the New York Knicks after going undrafted in 2014.
Wear was an All-American in high school and won a silver medal with United States U-18 national team at the FIBA Americas Under-18 Championship in 2008. They played college basketball for the North Carolina Tar Heels and the UCLA Bruins. After playing one season with the Knicks, Wear played with San Sebastián Gipuzkoa BC in Spain for a year before returning to the U.S. to play with the Los Angeles D-Fenders.
High school career
Wear attended Mater Dei High School in Santa Ana, California where they were a two-time California Interscholastic Federation State champion in 2007 and 2008. As a junior, they averaged 16.1 points and 8.3 rebounds per game. As a senior, they averaged 14.9 points and 6.4 rebounds per game.
Considered a four-star recruit by Rivals.com, Wear was listed as the No. 17 power forward and the No. 60 player in the nation in 2009.
College career
North Carolina
Wear and their twin brother, David, played for the defending national champion North Carolina Tar Heels in their first-year student year. Wear contributed 3.5 points and 2.2 rebounds a game while averaging over 10 minutes per game. The Tar Heels missed the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) tournament, which upset their fans. Wear said playing for North Carolina "wasn't what [he] thought it would be." The twin brothers transferred after the season in May 2010 to UCLA. They redshirted the following season due to NCAA transfer rules.
UCLA
In their first season playing for UCLA in 2011–12, Wear played in 30 games with 24 starts, and averaged 26.2 minutes per game and finished second on the team in points per game (11.5) and rebounds per game (5.9). They had a career-high 13 rebounds in a loss against St. John's on February 5, 2012. In 2012–13, they started in 31 of their 32 games, and averaged 10.9 points and 5.2 rebounds in 28.9 minutes. They scored a career-high 23 points in a win at Colorado on January 12, 2013. UCLA won the Pac-12 Conference championship that season. However, UCLA coach Ben Howland was fired after the season, prompting Wear and their brother to consider transferring. After meeting with incoming coach Steve Alford, the brothers were convinced they fit as starters in the new coach's system.
Wear missed the first three games of 2013–14 after they had an appendectomy on October 28, 2013. They came off the bench in their first six games before returning to the starting lineup. They were ninth in the Pac-12 in field goal percentage (53.0), and shot 44% on three-point field goals—including 10 of 19 in their final 16 games. They scored a season-high 16 points on 8-for-8 shooting in UCLA's win over Stanford in the Pac-12 Tournament semifinals. At the team's annual banquet at the end of the season, Wear was presented with the Elvin C. Ducky Drake Memorial Award as the team member who exhibits tremendous competitive spirit, inspiration and unselfish contributions. They graduated after the season.
Professional career
New York Knicks (2014–2015)
Wear thought they had a chance to be selected in the second round of the 2014 NBA draft, but they went undrafted. They played for the Atlanta Hawks in the 2014 NBA Summer League, and was signed by the New York Knicks on September 9, 2014. The Knicks' roster already had 15 players with guaranteed contracts, and Wear was a longshot to make the team. However, they opened a roster spot for Wear by trading Travis Outlaw. Knicks president Phil Jackson said Wear was "overshadowed at UCLA but has the skill set to play every position from 1 to 4." They added that the team planned to have Wear play in the NBA Development League, "where their possible NBA future solely depends on their ability to learn how to defend." The Knicks lost their 2014–15 season opener in a 104–80 blowout to the Chicago Bulls, but Wear made their pro debut in the fourth quarter with the game already decided. The following night against the Cleveland Cavaliers, they played 13 minutes in a 95–90 win, and held LeBron James to 0-for-4 shooting when they were the primary defender on James.
On January 8, 2015, Wear scored a season-high 21 points in a 120–96 loss to Houston Rockets. On March 22, 2015, they left the game against the Toronto Raptors with lower back soreness. They missed the final 12 games of the season with the injury. They finished their rookie season averaging 3.9 points and 2.1 rebounds in 51 games.
Gipuzkoa Basket (2015–2016)
On October 7, 2015, Wear signed with Gipuzkoa Basket of the Liga ACB. In 26 games, they averaged 7.5 points, 4.2 rebounds and 0.7 blocks in 20.5 minutes.
Los Angeles D-Fenders / South Bay Lakers (2016–2018)
On September 1, 2016, Wear signed with the Los Angeles Lakers, but was waived on October 12 after appearing in two preseason games. They played 2016–17 with the Los Angeles D-Fenders of the NBA Development League as an affiliate player of the Lakers, and averaged 12.7 points and 7.3 rebounds per game.
Wear played with the Lakers in the 2017 summer league, and again joined the NBA team for their training camp.
Wear spent most of the season with the NBA G League South Bay Lakers.
Los Angeles Lakers (2018)
Wear signed a 10-day contract with the Los Angeles Lakers on March 2, 2018. Two days later, they made their Los Angeles debut against the San Antonio Spurs, playing the entire fourth quarter and scoring seven points with two rebounds to help the team rally to a 116–112 win. After their second 10-day contract expired later that month, Wear signed a deal for the remainder of the season and was assigned twice to South Bay. During the offseason, the Lakers signed Wear to a two-way contract for 2018–19. However, they waived them after the first game of the season to sign forward Johnathan Williams to a two-way deal.
Return to South Bay (2018–2020)
On November 27, 2018, the South Bay Lakers announced they had acquired Wear as a returning player. In January 2020, they suffered a season-ending injury.
Career statistics
NBA
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| New York
| 51 || 1 || 13.2 || .402 || .367 || .769 || 2.1 || .8 || .3 || .2 || 3.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| L.A. Lakers
| 17 || 0 || 13.4 || .347 || .362 || 1.000 || 2.2 || .4 || .2 || .3 || 4.4
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 68 || 1 || 13.2 || .388 || .364 || .824 || 2.1 || .7 || .3 || .2 || 4.0
Liga ACB
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2015–16
| style="text-align:left;"| RETAbet.es GBC
| 26 || 13 || 20.5 || .448 || .353 || .737 || 4.2 || .5 || .7 || .1 || 7.5
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 26 || 13 || 20.5 || .448 || .353 || .737 || 4.2 || .5 || .7 || .1 || 7.5
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2009–10
| style="text-align:left;"| North Carolina
| 32 || 1 || 10.1 || .413 || .400 || .742 || 2.2 || .2 || .3 || .1 || 3.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2011–12
| style="text-align:left;"| UCLA
| 30 || 24 || 26.2 || .533 || .429 || .791 || 5.9 || .4 || .7 || 1.2 || 11.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2012–13
| style="text-align:left;"| UCLA
| 32 || 31 || 28.8 || .493 || .308 || .815 || 5.2 || .5 || .7 || 1.0 || 10.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2013–14
| style="text-align:left;"| UCLA
| 34 || 28 || 23.9 || .530 || .440 || .833 || 3.2 || 1.4 || .7 || .7 || 7.2
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 128 || 84 || 22.2 || .504 || .400 || .798 || 4.1 || .7 || .6 || .7 || 8.2
Personal life
Wear is the son of David Sr. and Gloria Wear. Their father played college basketball at Fresno State and Cal State Fullerton and professionally overseas. Wear's favorite basketball player of all time is Earvin "Magic" Johnson. Their twin brother, David also became a professional basketball player.
References
External links
UCLA Bruins bio
OCVarsity.com profile
1990 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Long Beach, California
Gipuzkoa Basket players
Liga ACB players
Los Angeles D-Fenders players
Los Angeles Lakers players
McDonald's High School All-Americans
New York Knicks players
North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Small forwards
South Bay Lakers players
Twin people from the United States
Twin sportspeople
UCLA Bruins men's basketball players
Undrafted National Basketball Association players
United States men's national basketball team players
Tikka (pronounced [ʈɪkkaː]) is a dish consisting of pieces of meat or vegetarian alternatives, with its origins tracing back to the Mughal Empire. It is made by marinating the pieces in spices and yogurt, and cooking them in a tandoor. Tikka is popular throughout the Indian subcontinent and also in countries such as Great Britain. The preservation of paneer tikka can be enhanced by using vacuum packaging.
Etymology
Tikka is a Chaghatai word which has been commonly combined with the Hindi-Urdu word masala—itself derived from Arabic— with the combined word originating from UK English. The Chaghatai word Tikka itself is a derivation of the Common Turkic word tikkü, which means "piece" or "chunk".
Origin
The precise origin of the dish is uncertain. Recipes for cooked meat enriched with spices and mixed within a sauce date back to 1700 BCE found on cuneiform tablets near Babylon, credited to the Sumerians. During the Mughal dynasty, the Mughals brought "boneless pieces of cooked meat" called Tikka to India.
There are different varieties of the dish, both meat inclusive and vegetarian. Generally, the dish is defined as "an Indian dish of small pieces of meat or vegetables marinated in a spice mixture".
Preparation
Tikka consists of boneless pieces of meat or vegetarian alternatives such as paneer, which are marinated in spices and yogurt and subsequently strung through a skewer to be cooked. It is generally cooked in a tandoor and served dry.
Variations
Indian-subcontinent variations
The Indian variations of Tikka are the roots of the Western variations, including Chicken tikka and Paneer tikka, which are generally served dry.
Cross-cultural variations
Regular chicken and paneer tikka have been combined with dishes from other cultures such as Mexican cuisine to create hybrid dishes such as Tikka Masala Burritos, which are served with either chicken or paneer as their main ingredient.
Popularity
In Britain
A study was undertaken in the 1990s that revealed British interest in foreign food, with chicken tikka being a favourite filling in the British Rail sandwich.
In India
A study of 670 foreign tourists at Indira Gandhi International Airport, New Delhi, attempted to show the street food preferences of foreign tourists in the city, along with the reason for their selection. Of the 17 most preferred street foods, chicken tikka was the most favoured, with tourists preferring mildly flavoured foods that are hygienically prepared.
During the cricket World Cup in 2018, restaurants in the host city served dishes named after cricket players using cricket terminology. For instance, paneer tikka was renamed Dhoni da Tikka after former Indian cricket captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni and chicken tikka was renamed Virat's Straight Drive after Indian cricket captain Virat Kohli.
Preservation and quality
Paneer tikka
Paneer tikka has a shelf-life of 1–2 days, which can be increased up to 28 days using modified atmosphere packaging (MAP) technology. Vacuum packaging is most effective as it is able to limit chemical changes during storage, increasing the refrigerated shelf-life of paneer tikka to 40 days.
References
Indian cuisine
Pakistani cuisine
Punjabi cuisine
Bengali cuisine
Bangladeshi cuisine
Iraqi cuisine
Appetizers
Cheese dishes
Indian cuisine in the United Kingdom
Pakistani cuisine in the United Kingdom
Philotes is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. Philotes is a monotypic genus containing only Philotes sonorensis, the Sonoran blue or stonecrop blue, found in North America in California and Baja California. The habitat consists of rocky washes, outcrops and cliffs in deserts.
The wingspan is 22–25 mm. The upperside is silvery blue with red spots at the outer margin of the forewings. Females also have red spots on the hindwings. Adults are on the wing in February and March, with just one generation per year.
The larvae feed on Dudleya species, including D. cymosa, D. lanceolata and D. saxosa. They bore into the leaves of their host plant. Chrysalids hibernate under stones.
Subspecies
Philotes sonorensis sonorensis
†Philotes sonorensis extinctis Mattoni, 1991 (upper San Gabriel river wash in southern California)
References
External links
Polyommatini
Butterflies described in 1865
Taxa named by Baron Cajetan von Felder
Taxa named by Rudolf Felder
Butterflies of North America
The Health and Safety Executive for Northern Ireland (HSENI) is a Northern Ireland non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for the Economy. It is responsible for the encouragement, regulation and enforcement of occupational health and safety in Northern Ireland. Its functions are similar to those of the Health and Safety Executive in the rest of the United Kingdom. The HSENI employs approximately 105 staff.
It was founded as the Health and Safety Agency for Northern Ireland when the provisions of the Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974 were extended to the province in 1978. It was renamed Executive in 1998.
The Health and Safety Executive for Northern Ireland, along with the Health and Safety Executive have both been involved as partners of the Occupational Safety & Health Consultants Register (OSHCR), a consultants register set up by UK government to list registered health and safety consultants for businesses and employers.
References
External links
Health and safety in the United Kingdom
Safety organizations
Law of Northern Ireland
Government of Northern Ireland
Organizations established in 1978
Northern Ireland Executive
Law enforcement agencies of Northern Ireland
Occupational safety and health organizations
1978 establishments in Northern Ireland
The Rizal Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Rizal.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into four districts, the first and second district of Rizal sending four members each, and Antipolo's two districts sending one member each to the provincial board; the number of candidates the electorate votes for and the number of winning candidates depends on the number of members their district sends. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Rizal and the legislative districts of Antipolo.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Reynaldo San Juan Jr. (PFP)
References
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Government of Rizal
Politics of Rizal
Vladimir Alexeyevich Tolokonnikov (; June 25, 1943 – July 15, 2017) was a Soviet, Russian and Kazakh film and theater actor, Honored Artist of the Kazakh SSR. They were awarded the Russian Order of Friendship (May 5, 2009).
Biography
Vladimir Tolokonnikov was born June 25, 1943. In 1973 they graduated from the acting department of Yaroslavl State Theatre Institute.
They worked at the National Academic Theatre of Russian Drama in Almaty after graduating from drama school.
Tolokonnikov became widely known after the film Heart of a Dog, directed by Vladimir Bortko and based on the novel by Mikhail Bulgakov, which appeared in 1988 as a Sharikov.
They played a starring role in director Pyotr Tochilin's Khottabych, embodying on the screen the image of an ancient genie faced with today's Internet culture. For the role Khottabych won Best Comedic Performance at the Russian MTV Movie Awards in 2007.
They died in Moscow on the night of July 15, 2017 at the age of 74. The cause of death was heart failure as a result of bronchitis complications. Buried July 20, 2017 in the 25th plot of the Troyekurovskoye Cemetery. (source ru.wikipedia.org)
Partial filmography
1981: The last transition as Tolokonnikov
1988: Heart of a Dog (TV Movie) - Polygraph Polygraphovich Sharikov
1988: Balkon
1989: Koshkodav Silver - Murderer
1990: Romantik
1990: Volki v zone
1990: Cloud-Paradise - Felomeev
1990: Noch dlinnykh nozhey - Gorelov
1990: Kletch
1990: Garem Stepana Guslyakova
1991: Prizrak - Ivan
1991: Schastlivogo rozhdestva v Parizhe! ili Banda lesbiyanok - 'Baban'
1993: Mechty idiota - Adam Kozlewicz
1994: Show dlya odinokogo muzhchiny
1996: The Children of Captain Grant - Cave hermit
1996: Shankhai
1996: Shanhai
1997: Gorkiy dym oseni
1998: Ompa
1999: Borshch iz frantsuzskikh lyagushek - Nol
2006: Khottabych - Khottabych
2007: Scratch - Ded Ignat
2008: Nasledniki
2010: Black Sheep
2010: Kitayskaya babushka - Igor
2010: Odno zveno
2011: Rasputin New. Without cover - Grigory Rasputin
2014: Korporativ
2014: Smeshannye chuvstva
2016: Super Family
2017: Pyos Ryzhiy - Ukhvatov
2017: Dukh baltiyskiy - Vilen
2017: Naughty Grandma - Bessonov
2018: The Old Fogy - Mikhalych
2018: Super Family 2 - Pavel Grigoryevich (final film role)
Recognition and awards
Vasilyev Brothers State Prize of the RSFSR (1990) for their role Polygraph Polygraphovich Sharikov in the film Heart of a Dog (1988)
Honored Artist of the Kazakh SSR
Annual independent national award Club Patrons of Kazakhstan Platinum Tarlan in the category - Theater (2006)
MTV Movie Awards in the category Best Comedic Performance for their role Khottabych (2007)
Russian Order of Friendship (2009)
References
External links
Interview. November 26, 2004
A world-class star Vladimir Tolokonnikov
1943 births
2017 deaths
People from Almaty
Soviet male film actors
Russian male film actors
Kazakhstani male actors
Recipients of the Vasilyev Brothers State Prize of the RSFSR
20th-century Russian male actors
21st-century Russian male actors
20th-century Kazakhstani male actors
21st-century Kazakhstani male actors
Burials in Troyekurovskoye Cemetery
Apollo's Arrow: The Science of Prediction and the Future of Everything is a non-fiction book about prediction written by Canadian author and mathematician David Orrell. The book was initially published in Canada by HarperCollins in 2007, and was a national bestseller. It was published in the United States as The Future of Everything: The Science of Prediction, and translated versions were also published in Japan, South Korea and China.
The book was taught as part of a university course in “Forecasting via Mathematical Modeling” at Gustavus Adolphus College in 2009.
Summary
In this book, Orrell explains the science of prediction to a general audience. The book begins with a general history of prediction from the Delphic oracle to the present day. The next part considers three different areas of prediction in detail: weather, health and economics. It argues that these are all examples of complex systems that cannot be reduced to equations. As mathematical models become more refined, the number of unknown parameters tends to explode. At the same time, networks of interlocking feedback loops make the models unstable. According to Orrell, the resulting model error (rather than e.g. the butterfly effect) is the main reason why forecasts go wrong.
In the final part, the book turns to predictions for the future, including the long-term effects of climate change. It concludes with some thoughts for the future, as well as a reminder that all such forecasts are unreliable.
The title of the book is a reference to a mythical arrow that once belonged to the god Apollo. According to legend, the arrow was gifted by a priest to Pythagoras, allowing them to dart through space and time.
References
Science books
2007 non-fiction books
The Mooi River () is a river in North West Province, South Africa. It is a tributary of the Vaal River and belongs to the Upper Vaal Water Management Area.
Course
The Mooi rises near Koster and flows southwards. During its course it flows into the Klerkskraal Dam, Boskop Dam and the Potchefstroom Dam. After crossing the town of Potchefstroom it bends southwestwards, shortly bending westwards before it empties into the Vaal River near the border with the Free State, about 15 km east of Stilfontein.
Its main tributaries are the Wonderfonteinspruit (Mooirivierloop) and the Loop Spruit.
The waters of the Mooi River and its reservoirs are polluted with heavy metals in its mid and lower course because of the large gold and uranium mining operations in the basin.
History
In November 1838 Voortrekker leader Andries Hendrik Potgieter and their followers established the first permanent European settlement north of the Vaal by the banks of the Mooi River, founding the town of Potchefstroom. The city was named in Potgieter's honor and was the capital of the former South African Republic until May 1860, when the capital moved to Pretoria.
The river and its main tributary the Wonderfonteinspruit were named by early settlers and owe their names to the abundance of karst springs that were found along their banks. Most popular ones include Klerkskraal eyes (still active) Bovenste Oog (still active), Oog van Gerhard Minnebron (still active), Boskop eye (status unknown), Turffontein eyes (still active), Oog van Wonderfonteinspruit (dry), Oberholzer Oog (dry), Bank eyes (dry) and Venterspos eye (dry).
Of these springs only Klerkskraal eye (which comprises one permanent spring and several perennial springs), Bovenste Oog and Oog van Gerhard Minnebron still flow. The status of Boskop eye is unknown as the area was flooded when Boskop dam was built making it very difficult to locate and observe.
The dry springs were a result of dewatering the aquifers that fed the eyes to make way for gold mining in the Far West Rand.
Tributaries
There are 3 primary tributaries all joining from the east they are Wonderfonteinspruit, Loopspruit and Rooikraalspruit. There are several perennial streams and drainage canals along the banks.
Notable rivers and streams in the Mooi Rivers watershed include Wonderfonteinspruit, Loopspruit, Rooikraalspruit, Enselspruit, Taaiboschspruit, Leeuspruit, Tweeloopiespruit, Mooirivierloop and Spekspruit.
Fauna
Fish
Fish species found in the river include Small mouth Yellowfish (Labeobarbus aeneus), Orange River Mudfish (Labeo capensis), Moggel (Labeo umbratus), Sharptooth Catfish (Clarias gariepinus), Banded Tilapia (Tilapia sparrmanii), Southern Mouthbrooder (Pseudocrenilabrus philander), Three spot Barb (Enteromius trimaculatus) , Chubbyhead Barb (Enteromius anoplus), Straight-fin Barb ( Enteromius paludinosus), Western Mosquitofish (Gambusia affinis), Common Carp (Cyprinus carpio), Smallmouth Bass (Micropterus dolomieu), Swordtail (Xiphophorus hellerii), Largemouth Bass (Micropterus salmoides), Grass Carp (Ctenopharyngodon idella), Rock Catfish (Austroglanis sclateri), Canary Kurper Chetia flaviventris).
No known sightings of the Largemouth Yellowfish (Labeobarbus kimberleyensis) have been recorded in the last 40 years in the upper and middle Mooi River or its tributaries but there's a strong possibility that they do occur in the river close to its mouth on the Vaal river.
Mozambique Tilapia (Oreochromis mossambicus), Redbreast Tilapia (Coptodon rendalli), Blue (Israeli) Tilapia (Oreochromis aureus) and Nile Tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) occur in the Wonderfonteinspruit up to where it disappears into the ground, but there are no known samples from the Mooi River itself.
Birds
The river and its surroundings harbour a rich bird population of over 250 recorded species including African Fish Eagle, Martial Eagle, Ostrich, Secretarybird, Greater and Lesser Flamingo, Grey Hornbill, Meyers Parrot, Kori Bustard, Giant Eagle Owl to name a few.
Dams in the basin
The main dams in the Mooi River and its tributaries are Donaldson Dam, Klipdrift Dam, Klerkskraal Dam, Boskop Dam and Potchefstroom Dam
See also
List of rivers of South Africa
List of reservoirs and dams in South Africa
Vaal River
References
External links
Mooi River Forum
Boskop Dam Nature Reserve, South Africa
Vaal River
Rivers of North West (South African province)
Rivers of South Africa
Watercress Wildlife Site is a Local Nature Reserve in St Albans, Hertfordshire, England. It is owned by St Albans City Council and managed by the Watercress Wildlife Association, a registered charity. The boundaries of the site are the Alban Way, the River Ver and the houses of Riverside Road.
Until 1972 the site was one of the many commercial watercress beds in the area. It was then used partly as allotments, with fly tipping in some areas. In 1991 the council leased the site to the Watercress Wildlife Association, which cleared the site to become a nature reserve and gradually took over the allotments.
The site has a wide variety of wildlife, including water rails, kingfishers, little grebes and muntjac deer.
Facilities
There is access from the junction of Riverside Road and Cornwall Road. Facilities include a hide, seating area and information board.
See also
The Herts and Middlesex Wildlife Trust has a reserve at Lemsford Springs, Lemsford, which is also a former watercress bed.
References
External links
Local Nature Reserves in Hertfordshire
St Albans
Birdwatching sites in England
Protected areas established in 1991
1991 establishments in England
Last Day of Summer is a 2009 drama-comedy film written, produced and directed by Vlad Yudin of The Vladar Company, featuring DJ Qualls, Nikki Reed, and William Sadler.
Plot
Gregory (a.k.a. "Joe") (DJ Qualls) is a disturbed fast-food worker, who has reached the end of their mental tether after being tormented and humiliated by their cruel boss, Mr. Crolick (William Sadler). Fed up with Joe's ineptitude, Crolick fires Joe. Joe soon hatches a deadly plot for revenge and returns to the restaurant only to become side-tracked when they catch the eye of Stefanie (Nikki Reed), a beautiful female patron. However, Joe completely misinterprets their encounter with Stefanie and ends up unintentionally kidnapping them
Cast
DJ Qualls as Joe/Gregory
Nikki Reed as Stefanie
William Sadler as Mr. Crolick
Joe Van Mater as Fast Food Employee #1
Richard J. Brightman as Car Driver #1
Alek Dykeman as Guy With Sandwich #1
Reception
Critical reception for Last Day of Summer was generally negative, with the film holding a 17% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on six reviews. The New York Times reviewer considered that it "had a chance to be a decent movie, but Vlad Yudin, who directed and wrote it, couldn't resist a potty joke. A long, grating potty joke." A reviewer for The Village Voice felt that the film "promises what it has no intention of delivering".
References
External links
American comedy-drama films
American independent films
2009 films
2009 comedy-drama films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Saqar Juqak (, also Romanized as Saqar Jūqak and Seqer Jūqak; also known as Saghar Joogh and Seqer Jūq) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 91, in 25 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
In Arizona, the Chino Valley Unified School District #51 serves the town of Chino Valley. It operates Chino Valley High School, Heritage Middle School, Del Rio Elementary School, and Territorial Elementary School.
References
External links
School districts in Yavapai County, Arizona
Educational institutions with year of establishment missing
SMS Jagd was an aviso of the Imperial German Navy, the second and final member of the . They had one sister ship, . Jagd was laid down in 1887 at the AG Weser shipyard, launched in July 1888, and commissioned in June 1889. They served in the German fleet for the next fifteen years, until they were withdrawn from active duty in 1904. Thereafter, they were used as a harbor ship. In 1910, they were stricken from the naval register and hulked. They were later used as a torpedo training platform until 1920, when they were sold for scrapping.
Design
With the selection of General Leo von Caprivi to replace the former chief of the Kaiserliche Admiralität (Imperial Admiralty), Albrecht von Stosch, in 1883, the navy began to experiment more seriously with torpedo-armed warships along the lines of the Jeune École. Caprivi was a proponent of cheaper torpedo boats, and they directed that future avisos should forsake size and gun power in favor of higher speed and torpedo armament. The Wacht class was the first design prepared in accordance with Caprivi's directives, and it proved to be a failure, owing to poor seakeeping as a result of its smaller size, and a gun battery that was insufficient to allow them to engage comparable vessels in other fleets.
Jagd was long overall and had a beam of and a maximum draft of forward. They displaced as designed and up to at full load. Them propulsion system consisted of two angled 3-cylinder triple expansion engines. Steam for the engines was provided by four coal-fired locomotive boilers. The ship's propulsion system was rated for and provided a top speed of and a range of approximately at . Jagd had a crew of 7 officers and 134 enlisted men.
As built, the ship was armed with three K L/35 gun placed in single pivot mounts. The guns were supplied with a total of 180 rounds of ammunition. Jagd also carried three torpedo tubes, one mounted submerged in the bow and the other two in deck-mounted launchers on the broadside. In 1891, four SK L/30 guns in single mounts were installed in place of the 10.5 cm guns. The ship was the first German aviso to carry armor: a thick deck, along with of armor plating for the conning tower.
Service history
Jagd, ordered as a replacement for the old paddle steamer aviso , was laid down at the AG Weser shipyard in Bremen in late 1887. They were christened at their launching ceremony by Konteradmiral (Rear Admiral) Karl August Deinhard on 7 July 1888. After fitting-out work was completed, the ship was commissioned for sea trials on 25 June 1889 under the command of Korvettenkapitän (Corvette Captain) Max Piraly, which ended on 6 April in Kiel, where they were decommissioned on 6 August. They were recommissioned on 15 April for additional trials that lasted until the end of June. They then escorted Hohenzollern, the yacht of Kaiser Wilhelm II, during their summer cruise to Norwegian waters. After returning to Germany, they were stationed in Kiel as a guard ship from 1 August to 11 September. The ship then moved to Wilhelmshaven, where they were decommissioned on 3 October, thereafter receiving their new gun battery of 8.8 cm guns.
The ship returned to service in 1891, initially as a guard ship in Wilhelmshaven, during which time they conducted a cruise along Germany's North Sea coast. They thereafter join Hohenzollern for a visit to Amsterdam, Netherlands and then to ports in Norway. During the annual fleet maneuvers held in August and September, they served with the fleet and was tasked with relaying signals between units. They took part in the 1892 fleet maneuvers and beginning on 13 October, they returned to guard duties in Wilhelmshaven. The year 1893 passed uneventfully, and they were decommissioned for a modernization that included replacing their boilers at the Kaiserliche Werft (Imperial Shipyard) in Wilhelmshaven. The work lasted into 1894, and upon completion they remained in reserve.
Jagd was recommissioned on 8 March 1895 under the command of KK Eduard Holzhauer, and in late April, they were the first vessel to pass through the Kaiser Wilhelm Canal, before the canal officially opened. They were sent through the canal to determine if it was ready for use; the canal was officially opened on 20 June. Jagd thereafter served with the Maneuver Squadron as an aviso for the rest of the year, and in September, Holzhauer was replaced by KK Carl Friedrich. The ship was then decommissioned in Wilhelmshaven on 19 December. Recommissioned in March 1896 under KK Guido von Usedom, they served in the same role, albeit for what was now I Squadron, for the duration of 1896; during the year, the squadron visited the Netherlands and Norway before being decommissioned in September. KK Hermann Lilie relieved Usedom in September and remained in command during the period in reserve. Recommissioned on 5 March 1897, they again took their place with the squadron, taking part in the fleet maneuvers. Following their conclusion, Lilie left the ship, their place being taken by KK Fritz Sommerwerck. Unlike previous years, they remained in commission through the winter and was withdrawn from service again on 8 March 1898.
The ship next saw active service on 27 September 1899, when they were recommissioned to replace their sister ship as the aviso for I Squadron. They remained in service through 1900, though after the fleet maneuvers they were used for fishery protection duties in the North Sea from 14 October to 23 November. They underwent an overhaul in January 1901, and from 28 January to 7 February, they joined the unit that was sent to represent Germany during the funeral ceremonies for Queen Victoria of Britain, who was Wilhelm II's grandmother. KK Hugo von Cotzhausen took command of the ship in March. Following the grounding of the battleship off the Adlergrund north of Rügen, Jagd was used to survey the area. Following the conclusion of this work, the navy conducted an examination of Jagd in mid-July and determined that the ship was in such poor condition that they were not worth refitting. They were accordingly decommissioned for the last time on 11 August.
Jagd was transferred to the list of harbor ships on 3 May 1904, thereafter being used as a harbor ship. They were struck from the naval register on 14 May 1910 and subsequently hulked. They were based in Friedrichsort outside Kiel and used as a firing platform for torpedo training until they were broken up for scrap in 1920 at Rüstringen.
Footnotes
Notes
Citations
References
Wacht-class avisos
Lost in hyperspace (sometimes called Lost in hypertext) refers to a phenomenon of disorientation that a reader can experience when reading hypertext documents. This feeling was more prevalent from the 1990s into the early 2000s. Since then internet use has increased dramatically and this sensation has become less of an issue.
Hypertext
If information is spread over web pages that are only linked by Hyperlinks, and the reader is given the opportunity to jump around within the text, it is possible they may lose track of what they have and have not read. In addition, online texts can be altered, so the reader must take into account that texts that have already been read could have been edited, deleted or had information added. This phenomenon can be frustrating for readers who are used to physical texts. They can feel “lost” in the text instead of viewing the freedom of choice as enriching. In addition, links can entice the reader to click on topics that distract them from their original intention - even if the text is linear and can be read from top to bottom. The vulnerability of the reader is also exploited by context-dependent online advertising such as web banners and pop-ups.
Workarounds
Mechanisms that are already used for print media have been used in hypertext media to aid in the transition from physical texts, these include a table of contents, index or glossary, as well as footnotes or endnotes. Hypertext systems have their own navigation mechanisms, for example the forward and back buttons of web browsers or what is known as breadcrumb navigation. However, these mechanisms must be learned by the reader, which is made more difficult by different implementations in different systems. Special orientation aids for hypertexts such as search functions, sitemaps, bookmarks, history, and tabbed browsing can also alleviate the reader's lost-in-hyperspace dilemma. Successful navigation should provide answers to the questions: What is important? Where can I find relevant information? Where am I? What am I able to do here? How did I get here? Where can I go? How do I continue on, go back, or exit this page?
Serendipity
Proponents of the hypertext paradigm also argue that when searching for certain information in a hypertext system, the reader often comes across additional, equally interesting information, which was not an intended phenomenon but accompanies the use of the internet. This incidental finding of information that one was not actually looking for is known as the serendipity effect. However, anyone who is used to reading a physical text of their interest will hardly be satisfied with this view.
Hypertext was a comparatively new form of information presentation during the 1990s and early 2000s, and since then browsing and using the internet has become a much larger part of daily life increasing familiarity with navigating the internet. However similar issues remain today with advertisements and other distractions as well as information stability and validity.
See also
Information Overload
Web Design
Webometrics
Hyperlink
References
Further reading
J. Conklin: Hypertext: A survey and introduction. In: IEEE Computer, 20(9), 1987, S. 17–41
Deborah M. Edwards, Lynda Hardman: Lost in hyperspace: cognitive mapping and navigation in a hypertext environment. In: Ray McAleese (Hrsg.): Hypertext: theory into practice. Edinburgh 1999, S. 90–105.
External links
“Lost in Hyperspace” (German HTML wiki that references becoming lost in hyperspace)
Content in this edit is translated from the existing German Wikipedia article at :de:Lost in Hyperspace;
Hypertext
Ondřej Soukup (born 2 May 1951) is a Czech musician and composer. They have written soundtracks for over twenty feature films, including Jan Svěrák's Kolya, an Academy Award-winner for best foreign film in 1997, and Dark Blue World, for which Soukup received their second Czech Lion award for best soundtrack, in 2001. They were also a jury member for the talent show Česko hledá SuperStar.
Career
Soukup graduated from the Prague Conservatory in 1975, then played bass in various jazz and pop bands, including Pražský výběr and Pavel Fořt's group Labyrint. In the early 1980s, Soukup began playing with Karel Gott and also composed and arranged music of their own. They later became a full-time composer and also produced records for other artists.
In 1983, Soukup wrote music for their first feature film, Druhý tah pěšcem. Since then, they have scored twenty more productions, including the Oscar-winning Kolya, directed by Jan Svěrák, in 1996. In 1998, they won a Czech Lion award for best composition in Juraj Jakubisko's An Ambiguous Report About the End of the World. Three years later, they won another Czech Lion for music in Jan Svěrák's film Dark Blue World.
Soukup has also written pop music for various artists, often together with their ex-wife, lyricist Gabriela Osvaldová. The duo's first collaboration was the 1989 song "Miss Moscow", written for Jiří Korn. They also worked with singer Lucie Bílá on their second studio album, 1992's Missariel, which went on to win five Anděl Awards.
In 2000, Soukup wrote their first musical, Johanka z Arku, to which Gabriela Osvaldová penned the lyrics. In 2015, they composed music for the Russian ice show Masha and the Bear, based on the cartoon of the same name.
Additionally, they have served as a member of the jury on the reality talent shows Česko hledá SuperStar and X Factor.
Personal life
Soukup has one son with Gabriela Osvaldová, composer František Soukup. In 2017, they married Slovak singer Lucia Šoralová, with whom they have a son and a daughter.
Partial list of scores
Druhý tah pěšcem (1983)
Bony a klid (1988)
Accumulator 1 (1994)
Kolya (1996)
An Ambiguous Report About the End of the World (1998)
Johanka z Arku (2000 – musical)
Dark Blue World (2001)
Empties (2007)
Bony a klid II (2014)
Masha and the Bear (2015 – ice show)
The Devil's Mistress (2016)
References
External links
1951 births
Living people
Prague Conservatory alumni
Musicians from Prague
Czech male composers
Czech composers
Papilio fuelleborni is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Tanzania and Malawi.
The larvae feed on Clausena species.
Description
The male is deep black, with a pure white median band, very narrow in forewing, very wide in hindwing. The female is similar to other species of the group but with large white spots on the hindwing, placed at the margin (Carcasson, 1960).
Subspecies
Papilio fuelleborni fuelleborni (eastern and southern Tanzania, northern Malawi)
Papilio fuelleborni sjoestedti Aurivillius, 1908 (northern Tanzania)
Papilio fuelleborni atavus Le Cerf, 1912 (northern Tanzania)
Papilio fuelleborni rydoni Kielland, 1987 (north-eastern Tanzania)
Taxonomy
Papilio fuelleborni is a member of the echerioides species-group. This clade includes
Papilio echerioides Trimen, 1868
Papilio fuelleborni Karsch, 1900
Papilio jacksoni Sharpe, 1891
Papilio sjoestedti Aurivillius, 1908
See also
Friedrich Fülleborn
References
Carcasson, R.H 1960 The Swallowtail Butterflies of East Africa (Lepidoptera,Papilionidae). Journal of the East Africa Natural History Society pdf Key to East Africa members of the species group, diagnostic and other notes and figures. (Permission to host granted by The East Africa Natural History Society
fuelleborni
Butterflies described in 1900
Butterflies of Africa
Taxa named by Ferdinand Karsch
Palmer's Bar is a dive bar and music venue located in the Cedar-Riverside neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota. Known for its strong drinks, the bar serves as a live music venue at night.
The bar was founded in 1906 and has had over a dozen owners. A speakeasy during the Prohibition Era, the bar is rumored to have once had a secret tunnel connecting it to 5 Corners Saloon (now Nomad World Pub). In the 1930s, it was named Carl's Bar and a brothel operated upstairs. The bar was named Palmer's in 1950 by then owner Henry Palmer. A Mr. Folta ran the bar from 1959 to 1975. Their son Roger Folta co-owned the bar from 1975 to 1996. Keith Berg and Lisa Hammer purchased the bar in 2001.
Under Berg and Hammer's ownership, the bar remained open every day of the year. The bar shares a wall with a mosque, the Dar Al-Hijrah Islamic Civic Center. Scenes for the 2005 indie film Factotum were filmed inside Palmer's.
During the summer, Palmer's hosts a music festival known as "Palmfest". Musicians "Spider" John Koerner, Charlie Parr, Willie Murphy, and Cornbread Harris have played the venue. Local blues musicians Koerner, Dave "Snaker" Ray, and Tony Glover of Koerner, Ray & Glover also played the venue and would also gather at Palmer's after their shows. Bonnie Raitt frequented the bar while they were recording their debut album.
Palmer's has a "wall of shame", listing people who have been 86'd from the bar. There is also a "Wall of Deceased" that features former owner Keith Berg, who died in September 2015.
Reception
Esquire magazine named Palmer's one of the best bars in the United States in 2014. The magazine recommended a bourbon neat with a beer back and said of the bar, "There are dives and dives in this world. There's the type Guy Fieri calls out, old joints that might not feel like they need to get their hair done before seeing company but are nonetheless fundamentally clean and comfortable and unchallenging. Then there's Palmer's." They praised the bar's Wall of Shame, their outdoor garden, and the cheap drinks. Following the listing, owner Berg indicated they would preserve the bar's character and inform the staff that there would be "no bow ties or blenders."
See also
List of dive bars
References
External links
Official website
1906 establishments in Minnesota
Buildings and structures in Minneapolis
Companies based in Minneapolis
Culture of Minneapolis
Dive bars
Drinking establishments in Minnesota
Music venues in Minnesota
Külma may refer to several places in Estonia:
Külma, Saare County, village in Estonia
Külma, Võru County, village in Estonia
Carboxydothermus hydrogenoformans is an extremely thermophilic anaerobic Gram-positive bacterium that has the interesting property of producing hydrogen as a waste product while feeding on carbon monoxide and water. It also forms endospores.
It was isolated from a hot spring on the Russian volcanic island of Kunashir by Svetlichny et al. in 1991. Its complete genome was sequenced in 2005 by a team of scientists of the Institute for Genomic Research (TIGR)
According to TIGR evolutionary biologist Jonathan Eisen, "C. hydrogenoformans is one of the fastest-growing microbes that can convert water and carbon monoxide to hydrogen." The microbe owes this to the fact that it has at least five different forms of carbon monoxide dehydrogenase.
References
External links
Carboxydothermus hydrogenoformans at dsmz.de
Type strain of Carboxydothermus hydrogenoformans at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Peptococcaceae
Bacteria described in 1991
The 2014 Dhaka Senior Division League started on 12 September 2014 where 7 clubs competed with each other. This was the third season of Dhaka Senior Division League.
2014 league teams
The following 7 clubs competed in the Dhaka Senior Division League during the 2014 season.
Bangladesh Boys Club
Basabo Tarun Sangho
Dhaka Wanderers Club
Dhaka United SC
Fakirerpool Young Men's Club
Friends SWO
Jatrabari KC
Mohakhali XI
Swadhinata KS
T&T Club
The venues for this season
Bangabandhu National Stadium, Dhaka
Bir Sherestha Shaheed Shipahi Mostafa Kamal Stadium, Dhaka
Paltan Play Ground
BUET Play Ground
References
2014
3
Bangladesh
Sarah Cloyce (alt. Cloyes; Towne; c. 1641 – 1703) was among the many accused during Salem Witch Trials including two of their older sisters, Rebecca Nurse and Mary Eastey, who were both executed. Cloyce was about 50-years-old at the time and was held without bail in cramped prisons for many months before their release.
Background
They were the daughter of William and Joanna Towne, who had emigrated to Salem from Great Yarmouth in England about 1630. Sarah, who was probably the youngest of their eight children, married firstly to Edmund Bridges, by whom they had six children, and secondly to Peter Cloyce (later Cloyes), a widower, by whom they had three more children.
Salem Witch Trials
On Sacrament Day in the spring of 1692, covenanted church member Sarah Cloyce (Sister #11) walked out of the Salem Village meetinghouse soon after the pastor Samuel Parris (Brother #1) announced that the Biblical text would be John Chapter 6 verse 70, "Have not I have chosen you twelve, and one is a devil." Sarah reportedly allowed the door to slam behind them Them departure was interpreted by some as an overt act of protest and solidarity with their sister, Rebecca Nurse (a covenanted member of another church near the harbor in Salem Town), who had recently been accused of witchcraft and committed to jail. Sarah's husband and fellow covenanted church member Peter Cloyce (Brother #7) had signed an early statement of support for Rebecca Nurse.
Soon, Cloyce's name began to surface among the accusers including Abigail Williams, the 11-year-old niece of Parris, and 16-year-old Mary Walcott. An official complaint on behalf of the accusers was filed by Parris's close neighbors Jonathan Walcott and Nathaniel Ingersoll (Brother #6). Ingersoll was a senior deacon of the church; the other was Edward Putnam.
On April 11, 1692, Sarah Cloyce was interrogated in public and maintained their innocence. The first accuser questioned that day was an enslaved person owned by Parris and referred to as John Indian: "When did I hurt thee?" Sarah asked. "A great many times," they said."Oh you are a grievous liar", Sarah responded. Abigail Williams was also questioned. Sarah was committed to jail without bail and soon transferred to Boston prison until June 19 when they were transferred back to a jail in Ipswich. Another sister Mary Eastey was also accused and arrested. Sarah and their sisters repeatedly petitioned the court for an opportunity to present evidence which supported their innocence, and to exclude spectral evidence (testimony that the spirit of someone did something).
Rebecca Nurse was executed in July and Mary Eastey was executed in September, so that of the three sisters, only Sarah Cloyce managed to survive until the witch trials were ended by Governor Phips in 1693. In September, there was an additional accusation against Sarah coming from their niece, Rebecca Towne, daughter of Cloyce's late brother, Edmund Towne. On September 9, 1692, an indictment was made out against Sarah, "for certain detestable arts called witchcraft and sorceries, wickedly, maliciously and feloniously hath used practiced and exercised... in, upon and against one Rebecca Towne of Topsfield...and also for sundry other acts of witchcraft."
Last years
After Governor William Phips dissolved the Court of Oyer and Terminer in October 1692, a new Superior Court of Judicature was formed in December and given instructions to disregard all "spectral evidence" or testimony of the afflicted. In January 1693, this new court dismissed the charges against Sarah, the jurors marking the indictment "ignoramus", literally meaning "we do not know." After paying their prison fees, they and their husband moved to Boston. Them husband immediately (February 8, 1693) began working with several other church members ("aggrieved brethren") including a son of Rebecca Nurse, in bringing action against Parris, hoping for a full apology, or failing that, to have them dismissed from their church.
In April 1695, the aggrieved brethren failed to get Parris ousted by a Council of neighboring churches moderated by Increase Mather, and including their prolific and witch-phobic son Cotton Mather.
Later that year, Peter Cloyce asked Parris for a dismission so that they and their wife could move their membership to a Church in Marlborough (West of Framingham).
Other "aggrieved brethren" continued their fight and in 1697 were successful in bringing a civil case on behalf of the Village and Parris was removed from their church.
Sarah spent the last years of their life trying to clear their sisters' names. After their death, their two sisters were eventually cleared of all charges. In 1706, Ann Putnam Jr. confessed to having falsely accused Sarah Cloyce and their sisters. And particularly, as I was a chief instrument of accusing Goodwife Nurse and their two sisters, I desire to lie in the dust, and to be humbled for it, in that I was a cause, with others, of so sad a calamity to them and their families; for which because I desire to lie in the dust, and earnestly beg forgiveness of God, and from all those unto whom I have given just cause of sorrow and offense, whose relations were taken away or accused.
In popular culture
In the short story, Young Goodman Brown by Nathaniel Hawthorne (himself a descendant of one of the Salem witch trial magistrates), a social criticism of Puritan culture, a character named Goody Cloyse addresses the devil, confessing to practicing witchcraft. It is a shock to the protagonist (Brown) as they had taught them their catechism in their youth. They make a reference to "...that unhanged witch, Goody Cory...", a possible reference to Martha Corey, who actually was hanged as a witch in 1692.
Sarah Cloyce/Cloyes is the protagonist and narrator of the 1985 public television miniseries chronicling the trials American Playhouse: Three Sovereigns for Sarah. They were portrayed by the English actor Vanessa Redgrave.
References
External links
The Towne Family Association
Further reading
Upham, Charles (1980). Salem Witchcraft. New York: Frederick Ungar Publishing Co., 2 vv, v. 2 pp. 60, 94, 101, 111, 326;
1640s births
1703 deaths
Date of birth unknown
Place of birth missing
Date of death unknown
Place of death unknown
People accused of witchcraft
People of the Salem witch trials
Sandra Weiner ( Smith; 1921–2014) was a Polish-American street photographer and children's book author.
Weiner was born in Drohiczan, Poland, and emigrated to the United States in 1928. They joined the Photo League in 1942. There, they first studied under photographers Paul Strand, and Dan Weiner whom they would later marry. Following the dissolution of the Photo League in 1951, they were a commercial photographer in the 1950s and later wrote four published children's books.
Collections
Weiner's work is held in the following permanent collections:
San Francisco Museum of Art
International Center of Photography
Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York: 1 print (as of August 2020)
Akron Art Museum
Them personal papers are held in the University of Minnesota libraries.
Children's books
It's winging That Make Birds Fly (1968)
Small Hands, Big Hands (1970)
They Call Me Jack (1973)
I Want to be a Fisherman (1977)
References
External links
Street photographers
20th-century American photographers
American women photographers
Polish emigrants to the United States
1921 births
2014 deaths
20th-century women photographers
20th-century American women artists
21st-century American women
Helena Stetkiewicz or Olena Vyhovska (; died 1664), was a second wife of Ivan Vyhovsky, Hetman of Zaporizhian Host (year 1657-1659) in Cossack Hetmanate.
Description
They were an influential figure among the Ukrainian Cossacks.  They are known to have participated in politics as the adviser and collaborator of their spouse during their reign, but they were not popular among the Cossacks because they banned the drinking parties which had been so popular among the cossacks.
Helena Stetkiewicz was a daughter of Bohdan Stetkiewicz, Litvin castellan of Nowogródek (Navahrudak) and Mścisław (Mstsislaw). Them mother Helena Sołomierecka was a Ruthenian Duchess (Knjazna) of Rurikid stock tracing their heritage to the Grand Duchy of Smolensk.
After its marriage, the couple lived in Subotiv and Kiev.
After a murder of Ivan Vyhovsky, Helena moved to a town of Ruda in Ruthenian Voivodeship (today a village in Lviv Oblast) where they reburied their husband and soon died as well. However, there is version that the couple is buried in the Manyava Skete in Carpathian Mountains.
Gallery
Further reading
Руїна: друга половина XVII ст. / Упоряд. і передмова О. І. Гуржія; Ред. кол. В. А. Смолій (голова) та ін. — К.: Україна, 1996. — 431 с. — С. 312. — .
References
External links
Kovalevska, Olha. Hetmanesses. The Ukrainian Week. 24 December 2010.
Руїна: друга половина XVII ст. / Упоряд. і передмова О. І. Гуржія; Ред. кол. В. А. Смолій (голова) та ін. — К.: Україна, 1996. — 431 с. — С. 312. — .
Мицик Ю. Іван Виговський // Володарі гетьманської булави: Історичні портрети / Автор передмови В. А. Смолій. — К.: Варта, 1994. — 560 с. — С. 191—236. — .
Дружини гетьмана Виговського
ДРУЖИНИ ГЕТЬМАНІВ УКРАЇНИ: ЗАБУТІ ДОЛІ
Гетьманші
1664 deaths
17th-century Belarusian people
People from the Cossack Hetmanate
United Baloch Army (UBA; ) was a militant group, fighting for the separation of Balochistan. The group has been designated as a terrorist organisation by the Pakistani government. The government of Pakistan banned the group on 15 March 2013. The group has also been classified as a terrorist organisation by Switzerland's government.
The group is led by Mehran Marri and was created as a result of an intrafamilial dispute between Mehran and their brother Hyrbyair Marri, the head of the Balochistan Liberation Army (BLA). BLA terrorists accused Mehran of stealing $3 million dollars from their funds and $800 million rupees worth of weapons from the BLA. The BLA and the Baloch Republican Army have both condemned UBA attacks as self-destructive. Both Baloch Liberation Army (BLA) and United Baloch Army (UBA) have clashed with each other. The deadliest clash took place in Dera Bugti where 20 militants from both groups were killed.
On 29 May 2015, United Baloch Army (UBA) militants stormed two buses in Mastung district that were in transit from Pishin to Karachi. The militants emptied the buses and then shot and killed 22 ethnic Pashtuns.
United Baloch Army (UBA) also claimed responsibility for attack on the Jaffar Express in Sibi on 8 April 2014. The attack claimed the lives of 16 people and wounded 44 others.
On 16 November 2017, Mehran Marri was arrested at Zurich Airport by Swiss immigration authorities. Mehran Marri was placed under a lifetime ban from entry into Switzerland. Swiss authorities issued a chargesheet in which they stated that Mehran Marri is the head of United Baloch Army (UBA). The chargesheet further stated that "if Marri was to enter Switzerland and work with Brahamdagh Bugti to coordinate terrorist operations, it could jeopardize the internal security of the country".
In January 2022, The Baloch Republican Army merged with the UBA, to form Baloch Nationalist Army (BNA). BRA and UBA also announced their dissolution following the establishment of Baloch Nationalist Army.
References
Organisations designated as terrorist by Pakistan
Baloch nationalist militant groups
Rebel groups in Pakistan
Jennings County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, the population was 27,613. The county seat is Vernon.
History
Jennings County was formed in 1817. It was named for the first Governor of Indiana and a nine-term member of congress, Jonathan Jennings. Jennings was governor when the county was organized.
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.53%) is land and (or 0.47%) is water. It is a rural county, with the majority of the county consisting of personal farms and woodlands. There are only two incorporated towns in this county, Vernon, the county seat, and North Vernon. Both are quite small and underdeveloped by urban standards. The county is located in the center of an imaginary triangle consisting of Indianapolis, IN, Cincinnati, OH, and Louisville, KY and requires only 1-hour drive time to any of these urban centers.
It is also home to the Muscatatuck Urban Training Center, located just outside North Vernon, at which various training exercises and scenarios are conducted for homeland security and other similar purposes.
City
North Vernon
Town
Vernon
Census-designated places
Butlerville
Country Squire Lakes
Hayden
Scipio
Other unincorporated places
Brewersville
Commiskey
Four Corners
Grayford
Hilltown
Lovett
Nebraska
Paris
Paris Crossing
Queensville
San Jacinto
Walnut Ridge
Zenas
Townships
Bigger
Campbell
Center
Columbia
Geneva
Lovett
Marion
Montgomery
Sand Creek
Spencer
Vernon
Adjacent counties
Decatur County (north)
Ripley County (east)
Jefferson County (southeast)
Scott County (south)
Jackson County (west)
Bartholomew County (northwest)
Major highways
Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau
U.S. Route 50
State Road 3
State Road 7
State Road 250
Parks and protected areas
Big Oaks National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Muscatatuck National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Muscatatuck County Park
Selmier State Forest
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Vernon have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1977 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected from county districts. The council members serve four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners. The commissioners are elected county-wide, in staggered terms, and each serves a four-year term. One of the commissioners, typically the most senior, serves as president. The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue, and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Jennings County is part of Indiana's 6th congressional district and is represented in Congress by Republican Greg Pence. It is also part of Indiana Senate districts 43 and 45 and Indiana House of Representatives districts 66 and 69.
Jennings County is, and has historically been, a staunchly Republican county and in the top 5 highest taxed counties in the state. Democratic presidential candidates have won Jennings County only thrice in the past 130 years.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 28,525 people, 10,680 households, and 7,733 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 12,069 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.8% white, 0.8% black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.1% American Indian, 1.0% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 26.2% were German, 16.3% were Irish, 14.7% were American, and 7.2% were English.
Of the 10,680 households, 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were married couples living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 27.6% were non-families, and 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.06. The median age was 38.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $48,470. Males had a median income of $38,506 versus $27,633 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,636. About 8.9% of families and 12.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.1% of those under age 18 and 5.4% of those age 65 or over.
Education
Jennings County residents may obtain a library card from the Jennings County Public Library in North Vernon.
In popular culture
Jennings County is the setting of the novel The Friendly Persuasion, later adapted into the Oscar-nominated film Friendly Persuasion in 1956. Although initially planned to be filmed on location, it was finally filmed in California.
Notable residents
Sarah T. Bolton, poet
Ovid Butler, founder of Butler University
Royce Campbell, jazz guitarist
Cliff Daringer, Federal League baseball player
Rolla Daringer, Major League Baseball player
Lincoln Dixon, U.S. Representative from Indiana, 1905–1919
Scott Earl, Major League Baseball player
Robert Sanford Foster, Civil War General
John "Spider" Miller, 2015 & 2017 Walker Cup team captain
Jethro New, frontiersmen, Continental Army officer
Jeptha D. New, U.S. Representative from Indiana, 1875–1877, 1879–1881
John C. New, Treasurer of the United States, 1875-1876
Horatio C. Newcomb, Mayor of Indianapolis, 1849-1851
Hannah Milhous Nixon, mother of President Richard Nixon
Pat O'Connor, polesitter for the 1957 Indianapolis 500 and member of the National Sprint Car Hall of Fame
Mike Simon, Major League Baseball player
Jessamyn West, author
Edgar Whitcomb, 43rd Governor of Indiana
Albert Edward Wiggam, psychologist, lecturer, and author
References
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jennings County, Indiana
USS Jennings County (LST-846)
Indiana counties
1817 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1817
Marvel Williamson (born November 4, 1953 in Holton, Kansas) is previously the Dean of the Kramer School of Nursing at Oklahoma City University.
Academia
They came to Oklahoma from the American Nurses Association in Washington, D.C., where they were a Grants Specialist and director of strategic planning for the American Nurses Foundation. They have also served as Dean of Health Sciences and Director of the Ellen Finley Earhart School of Nursing at Park University; Vice President for Patient Services at Ransom Memorial Hospital (in Kansas); professor of nursing at the University of Iowa, the University of Kentucky, and Albany State University.
They earned their Ph.D. in Educational Administration from the University of Iowa. Them MSN was earned at the University of Kentucky and their BSN from Wichita State University.
Writings
Williamson is the author of numerous professional journal articles, book chapters, and the book Great Sex After 40: Strategies for Lifelong Fulfillment. They served as principal investigator on 12 scientific research studies, and wrote numerous grant-funded initiatives, totaling over $6,300,000 in federal and private grants approved thus far.  They are a manuscript reviewer for Clinical Nursing Research, Western Journal of Nursing Research, Nursing and the American Journal of Nursing.
Williamson has served on the National Coordinating Committee for School Health for the US Department of Health and Human Services, US Department of Agriculture, and the US Department of Education and on the National School Food Safety Coalition for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; and the Sex Education Advisory Panel for the Alan Guttmacher Institute (New York).
Personal life
They have been married to Paul Williamson since 1973; they have two sons, Marcus and Sean.
References
External links
Official Oklahoma City University website
1953 births
Living people
American nurses
American women nurses
American nursing administrators
Oklahoma City University faculty
State University of New York faculty
University of Iowa faculty
University of Kentucky faculty
University of Kentucky alumni
University of Iowa alumni
Wichita State University alumni
Nursing school deans
Nursing researchers
Nursing educators
American women academics
American university and college faculty deans
Women deans (academic)
People from Holton, Kansas
Mathematical knowledge management (MKM) is the study of how society can effectively make use of the vast and growing literature on mathematics. It studies approaches such as databases of mathematical knowledge, automated processing of formulae and the use of semantic information, and artificial intelligence. Mathematics is particularly suited to a systematic study of automated knowledge processing due to the high degree of interconnectedness between different areas of mathematics.
See also
OMDoc
QED manifesto
Areas of mathematics
MathML
External links
www.nist.gov/mathematical-knowledge-management, NIST's MKM page
The MKM Interest Group (archived)
9th International Conference on MKM, Paris, France, 2010
Big Proof Conference , a programme at the Isaac Newton Institute directed at the challenges of bringing proof technology into mainstream mathematical practice.
Big Proof Two
Mathematics and culture
Information science
Henry Norris Churton (15 January 1843 – 20 January 1904) was an Anglican colonial bishop in the 20th century.
Churton was born in 1843 into an ecclesiastical family, the son of Edward Churton, Archdeacon of Cleveland. They were educated at Eton and University College, Oxford; and ordained in 1868. Their first posts were curacies at Stoke-on-Trent and East Retford. From 1872 to 1879 they were Vicar of St John Evangelist, West Bromwich then Perpetual Curate of St James' Chapel, Avonwick. Later they were Archdeacon of the Bahamas before being ordained to the episcopate in 1902, succeeding their elder brother (Edward) as Bishop of Nassau. They were consecrated bishop by the Archbishop of Canterbury at St Paul's Cathedral on 13 July 1902. They had previously received the honorary degree Doctor of Divinity (DD) from the University of Oxford in May 1902.
They died in a yachting accident on 20 January 1904.
Notes
1843 births
1904 deaths
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of University College, Oxford
Archdeacons of the Bahamas
20th-century Anglican bishops in the Caribbean
Anglican bishops of Nassau
Deaths by drowning
Boating accident deaths
British expatriates in the Bahamas
Binswanger's disease, also known as subcortical leukoencephalopathy and subcortical arteriosclerotic encephalopathy (SAE), is a form of small vessel vascular dementia caused by damage to the white brain matter. White matter atrophy can be caused by many circumstances including chronic hypertension as well as old age. This disease is characterized by loss of memory and intellectual function and by changes in mood. These changes encompass what are known as executive functions of the brain. It usually presents between 54 and 66 years of age, and the first symptoms are usually mental deterioration or stroke.
It was described by Otto Binswanger in 1894, and Alois Alzheimer first used the phrase "Binswanger's disease" in 1902. However, Jerzy Olszewski is credited with much of the modern-day investigation of this disease which began in 1962.
Signs and symptoms
Symptoms include mental deterioration, language disorder, transient ischemic attack, muscle ataxia, and impaired movements including change of walk, slowness of movements, and change in posture. These symptoms usually coincide with multiple falls, epilepsy, fainting, and uncontrollable bladder. Because Binswanger's disease affects flow processing speed and causes impaired concentration, the ability to do everyday tasks such as managing finances, preparing a meal and driving may become very difficult.
Neurological presentation
Binswanger's disease is a type of subcortical vascular dementia caused by white matter atrophy to the brain. However, white matter atrophy alone is not sufficient for this disease; evidence of subcortical dementia is also necessary.
The histologic findings are diffuse, irregular loss of axons and myelin accompanied by widespread gliosis, tissue death due to an infarction or loss of blood supply to the brain, and changes in the plasticity of the arteries. The pathologic mechanism may be damage caused by severe atherosclerosis. The onset of this disease is typically between 54 – 66 years of age and the first symptoms are usually mental deterioration or stroke.
The vessels that supply the subcortical white matter come from the vessels that support basal ganglia, internal capsule, and thalamus. It is described as its own zone by and susceptible to injury. Chronic hypertension is known to cause changes in the tension of the smooth wall vessels and changes in the vessel diameter. Arterioles can become permeable resulting in compromise of the blood brain barrier. It has been shown that Binswanger's disease targets the vessels in this zone of the subcortex, but spares the microcirculation's vessels and capillaries which may be attributed to a difference between Alzheimer's and Binswanger's disease.
Psychiatric presentation
There is a difference between cortical and subcortical dementia. Cortical dementia is atrophy of the cortex which affects ‘higher' functions such as memory, language, and semantic knowledge whereas subcortical dementia affects mental manipulation, forgetfulness, and personality/emotional changes. Binswanger's Disease has shown correlations with impairment in executive functions, but have normal episodic or declarative memory. Executive functions are brain processes that are responsible for planning, cognitive flexibility, abstract thinking, rule acquisition, initiating appropriate actions and inhibiting inappropriate actions, and selecting relevant sensory information. There have been many studies done comparing the mental deterioration of Binswanger patients and Alzheimer patients. It has been found in the Graphical Sequence Test that Binswanger patients have hyperkinetic perseveration errors which cause the patients to repeat motion even when not asked whereas Alzheimer patients have semantic perseveration because when asked to write a word they will instead draw an image depicting the word.
Diagnosis
Binswanger's disease can usually be diagnosed with a computerized tomography scan, magnetic resonance imaging, and proton magnetic resonance spectrography in addition to clinical examination. Indications include infarctions, lesions, or loss of intensity of central white matter and enlargement of ventricles, and leukoaraiosis. A Mini–Mental State Examination has been created to quickly assess cognitive impairment and serves as a screening test for dementia across different cultures.
Imaging
Leukoaraiosis refers to the imaging finding of white matter changes that are common in Binswanger disease. However, leukoaraiosis can be found in many different diseases and even in normal patients, especially in people older than 65 years of age.
There is controversy whether leukoaraiosis and mental deterioration actually have a cause and effect relationship. Recent research is showing that different types of leukoaraiosis can affect the brain differently, and that proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy would be able to distinguish the different types more effectively and better diagnose and treat the issue. Because of this information, white matter changes indicated by magnetic resonance imaging or computerized tomography cannot alone diagnose Binswanger disease, but can aid to a bigger picture in the diagnostic process. There are many diseases similar to Binswanger's disease including CADASIL syndrome and Alzheimer's disease, which makes this specific type of white matter damage hard to diagnose. Binswanger disease is best when diagnosed of a team by experts including a neurologist and psychiatrist to rule out other psychological or neurological problems. Because doctors must successfully detect enough white matter alterations to accompany dementia as well as an appropriate level of dementia, two separate technological systems are needed in the diagnosing process.
Much of the major research today is done on finding better and more efficient ways to diagnose this disease. Many researchers have divided the magnetic resonance imaging of the brain into different sections or quadrants. A score is given to each section depending on how severe the white matter atrophy or leukoaraiosis is. Research has shown that the higher these scores, the more of a decrease in processing speed, executive functions, and motor learning tasks.
Other researchers have begun using computers to calculate the percentage of white matter atrophy by counting the hyper-intense pixels of the magnetic resonance images. These and similar reports show a correlation between the amount of white matter alterations and the decline of psychomotor functions, reduced performance on attention and executive control. One recent type of technology is called susceptibility weighted imaging (SWI) which is a magnetic resonance technique which has an unusually high degree of sensitivity and can better detect white matter alterations.
Management
Binswanger's disease has no cure and has been shown to be the most severe impairment of all of the vascular dementias. The best way to manage the vascular risk factors that contribute to poor perfusion in the brain is to treat the cause, such as chronic hypertension or diabetes. It has been shown that current Alzheimer's medication, donepezil (trade name Aricept), may help Binswanger's Disease patients as well . Donepezil increases the acetylcholine in the brain through a choline esterase inhibitor which deactivates the enzyme that breaks down acetylcholine. Alzheimer as well as Binswanger patients have low levels of acetylcholine and this helps to restore the normal levels of neurotransmitters in the brain. This drug may improve memory, awareness, and the ability to function. If no medical interception of the disease is performed then the disease will continue to worsen as the patient ages due to the continuing atrophy of the white matter from whatever was its original cause.
History
Binswanger in 1894 was the first to claim that white matter atrophy caused by 'vascular insufficiency' can result in dementia. They described a patient who had slow progression of dementia as well as subcortical white matter atrophy, ventricle enlargement, aphasia, hemianopsia, and hemiparesis. They named this disease 'encenphailitis subcorticalis chronica progressive.' Binswanger did not conduct any microscopic investigations so many did not believe their findings and attributed the neural damage to neural syphilis. Alzheimer in 1902 studied Binswanger's work with pathological evidence that concluded and supported Binswanger's ideas and hypotheses. Alzheimer renamed this disease Binswanger's disease.
In the late 19th century vascular dementia was heavily studied, however by 1910 scientists were lumping Binswanger's disease with all other subcortical and cortical dementia and labeling everything senile dementia despite all previous research and efforts to distinguish this disease from the rest. In 1962 J. Olszewski published an extensive review of all literature about Binswanger's disease so far. They discovered that some of the information in the original reports was incorrect and that at least some of the patients studied in these cases probably had neurosyphilis or other types of dementia. Even with these errors, Olszewski concluded that Binswanger disease did exist as a subset of cerebral arteriosclerosis. Yet again, in 1974 the term multi-infarct dementia was coined and all vascular dementia was grouped into one category. Because of this, the specific names of these types of this dementia, including Binswanger's disease were lost. This was until 1992 when Alzheimer's diagnostic centers created specific criteria known as the Hachinski Ischemic Scale (after Dr. Vladimir Hachinski) which became the standard for diagnosing MID or vascular dementia.
The complicated history of Binswanger's disease and the fact that it was overlooked as a disease for many years means many patients may have been misdiagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
References
External links
Neurological disorders
Cognitive disorders
Cerebrovascular diseases
Rare diseases
Roger Smart or Smert' (fl. 1404) of Kenilworth, Warwickshire, was an English politician.
They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Warwickshire in January 1404.
References
14th-century births
15th-century deaths
English MPs January 1404
People from Kenilworth
Jeotgalicoccus schoeneichii is a Gram-positive, non-spore-forming and non-motile bacterium from the genus of Jeotgalicoccus which has been isolated from air from a pig barn from North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.
References
schoeneichii
Bacteria described in 2016
Auf einen Blick is a German language television and women's magazine published in Hamburg, Germany. It has been in circulation since 1983.
History and profile
Auf einen Blick was founded in 1983. The magazine is part of and published by Bauer Media Group. It is headquartered in Hamburg. It is published on a weekly basis and covers both news on women-related issues and TV programme listings. Its target audience is women older than 40.
Circulation
Auf einen Blick had a circulation of 850,000 copies during the fourth quarter of 1984. During the third quarter of 1992 its circulation was 3,103,000 copies. The circulation of the magazine was 2,706,712 copies between October and December 1994. It was 2,504,000 copies during the third quarter of 1995 and 2,310,000 copies during the third quarter of 1996.
In 2001 Auf einen Blick had a circulation of 1,981,000 copies, making it the tenth best-selling TV guide worldwide. The magazine had an average circulation of 1,624,000 copies in 2003. In the fourth quarter of 2006 its circulation was 1,514,600 copies. Its circulation was 1,462,074 copies during the second quarter of 2007. In 2010 the magazine had a circulation of 1,261,814 copies.
See also
List of magazines in Germany
References
External links
Official website
1983 establishments in West Germany
Bauer Media Group
German-language magazines
Auf einen Blick
Magazines established in 1983
Magazines published in Hamburg
News magazines published in Germany
Television magazines
Weekly magazines published in Germany
Women's magazines published in Germany
Arto Jääskeläinen (born 9 October 1960) is a Finnish biathlete. They competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics and the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Finnish male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Finland
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
People from Orimattila
Sportspeople from Päijät-Häme
Andrei Dodi Joca (born 22 June 2000) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a right winger for Liga III side Gloria Bistrița-Năsăud.
Honours
CFR Cluj
Liga I: 2019–20, 2020–21
Supercupa României: 2020
References
External links
Dodi Joca at lpf.ro
2000 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Baia Mare
Romanian footballers
Association football midfielders
Liga I players
CFR Cluj players
Roger Lee Wallace (born July 22, 1952) is a former professional American football player, drafted 12th rd. 1974-St. Louis Football Cardinals
Played Memphis" Southmen" Grizzlies 1974/75-Wide Receiver/Punt Returner
1976 St. Louis Cardinals- 6 Exhibition Games and 1976 NY Giants as Wide Receiver/Punt Returner. They were released by the Giants after 1977 pre-season.
External links
Roger Wallace DatabaseFootball Page
1952 births
Living people
People from Urbana, Ohio
American football wide receivers
Bowling Green Falcons football players
Peter Morgan Pennoyer FAIA (born on February 19, 1957) is an architect and the principal of Peter Pennoyer Architects, an architecture firm based in New York City. Pennoyer, their four partners and their fifty associates have an international practice in traditional and classical architecture, or New Classical Architecture. Many of the firm's institutional and commercial projects involve historic buildings, and the Institute of Classical Architecture & Art has stated that the firm's strength is in "deftly fusing history and creative invention into timeless contemporary designs."
The firm's projects have been featured in publications such as The New York Times, Architectural Digest, The Wall Street Journal, Elle Decor, and House & Garden.
In October 2010, the Vendome Press published Peter Pennoyer Architects: Apartments, Townhouses, Country Houses, which featured twenty of the firm's projects, and in 2016, Vendome published A House in the Country, which chronicled the process used by Pennoyer and their wife, interior designer Katie Ridder, to design their own house and garden in Millbrook, New York.
Early life and education
Peter Pennoyer was born on February 19, 1957 in New York City, the son of Victoria (née Parsons) Pennoyer (died 2013), and Robert Morgan Pennoyer (born 1925). Their father was a partner at Patterson Belknap, a former Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York, and a former Assistant to the Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Affairs. Pennoyer graduated from St. Bernard's School in New York City and St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire, received a Bachelor of Architecture degree from Columbia College in 1981, and a Masters of Architecture degree from Columbia Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation in 1984. Their siblings include Russell Pennoyer, Christina Lee Pennoyer (the wife of R. Scott Greathead), and Dr. Tracy Pennoyer (the wife of John Auchincloss, a son of author Louis Auchincloss).
Pennoyer is the grandson of Frances (née Morgan) Pennoyer, and the lawyer Paul Geddes Pennoyer; a great-grandson of J.P. Morgan Jr.; and a great-great grandson of J.P. Morgan. Pennoyer's maternal grandfather, James R. Parsons, was a partner in Chubb & Son, and their great-grandfather Hendon Chubb was a founding partner of Chubb & Son.
Career
While in graduate school from 1981 to 1983, Pennoyer worked as a designer in the Manhattan office of their Columbia professor, Robert A. M. Stern. They established their own practice in 1984, where they were a principal in the firm Pennoyer Turino Architects P. C. until 1990, after which they formed Peter Pennoyer Architects. One of their earliest projects was a retreat in the Catskill Mountains for their sister's father-in-law, Louis Auchincloss.
Pennoyer is a trustee of The Morgan Library & Museum, and president of the Whiting Foundation, which sponsors the Whiting Awards, a literary awards program.  They are Chairman of the Fellowship Committee for the Sir John Soane's Museum Foundation, a National Peer Reviewer of the U.S. General Services Administration, Washington D.C., and a lifetime member of the Society of Architectural Historians. They were chairperson of the board of The Institute of Classical Architecture & Art from 2009 to 2013.
Since 2011, Pennoyer has been an adjunct professor in the Department of Art History: Department of Urban Design and Architecture Studies at New York University.
Published works
Pennoyer and historian Anne Walker co-authored five monographs of American architectural history: The Architecture of Delano & Aldrich; The Architecture of Warren & Wetmore; The Architecture of Grosvenor Atterbury; New York Transformed: The Architecture of Cross & Cross; and Harrie T. Lindeberg and the American Country House. They and Walker also wrote the introduction to a reprint of Frank M. Snyder's Building Details.
Recognition
The Institute for Classical Architecture & Art (ICAA) gave Pennoyer's firm its Stanford White Award for the design of a house in Dutchess County, New York (2012), its Stanford White Award, for the design of a new apartment building on Manhattan's Upper East Side and for a new house in Maine (2016), its Bulfinch Award (to Preserve and Advance the Classical Tradition in New England) for its design of a new classical house in Massachusetts (2017).
In 2017, the College of Charleston awarded Pennoyer its Albert Simons Medal of Excellence. In 2017, the Institute of Classical Architecture & Art gave the firm the Arthur Ross Award for architecture.
Peter Pennoyer Architects has been included regularly in Architectural Digest's AD100 List, a listing of outstanding talent in architecture and interior design. The firm is included in New York Spaces Top 50 Designers List, and in Ocean Home magazine's Top 50 Coastal Architects list.
Pennoyer was elected to the College of Fellows of the American Institute of Architects in 2014, and to the General Society of Mechanics and Tradesmen in 2016.
Representative projects
Peter Pennoyer Architects' projects include the following:
Wolong Bay Development, Dalian, China
151 East 78th Street, New York City
Classical Villas, The Peak, Hong Kong
Counterproposal for the New York Public Library
The Metropolitan Opera Club, New York City
New York Genealogical and Biographical Society, New York City
The New York Stock Exchange Luncheon Club, New York City
Historic Hudson Valley, Pocantico Hills, New York
David Webb, New York City Flagship Store
The Mark Hotel, New York City
Hodsoll Mckenzie, London
Pop Shop, Keith Haring, New York City
The Factory, Andy Warhol
The Hotchkiss School, The Monahan Gymnasium, Connecticut
Oakley Farm, Virginia
Diamond A Ranch, New Mexico
Moynihan Train Hall Clock
Personal life
In 1988, Pennoyer married Katherine Lee "Katie" Ridder, the daughter of Constance Ridder, a lawyer, and Paul Anthony Ridder, a director of Knight Ridder, and the granddaughter of Bernard Ridder, the former chairperson of Knight Ridder. They have three children: Jane, Anthony, and Virginia, and reside in Bronxville, New York in a house designed in the 1920s by the architect Charles Lewis Bowman, a former McKim, Mead & White draftsman.
References
External links
Peter Pennoyer Architects
Peter Pennoyer Amazon Author Page
1957 births
Living people
Morgan family
St. Bernard's School alumni
St. Paul's School (New Hampshire) alumni
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Columbia Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation alumni
New Classical architects
20th-century American architects
21st-century American architects
Ridder family
Jan Wallén (born 6 June 1935) is a Swedish former sports shooter. They competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1935 births
Living people
Swedish male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Sweden
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Skåne County
Anouar Abdul Kader (; born 11 January 1953) is a Syrian football coach and former player who played as a midfielder. They competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Managerial career
In June 2017, Abdul Kader was appointed head coach of Al-Shorta.
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
Syrian footballers
Association football midfielders
Al-Fotuwa SC players
Al-Shorta Damascus players
Syrian Premier League players
Syria international footballers
Olympic footballers of Syria
Footballers at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Syrian football managers
Al-Fotuwa SC managers
Al-Baqa'a Club managers
Taliya SC managers
Al-Shorta Damascus managers
Syrian expatriate football managers
Syrian expatriate sportspeople in Jordan
Expatriate football managers in Jordan
Himesh Ramanayake (born 5 October 1997) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. They made their first-class debut for Burgher Recreation Club in the 2017–18 Premier League Tournament on 8 December 2017. They made their Twenty20 debut for Burgher Recreation Club in the 2017–18 SLC Twenty20 Tournament on 25 February 2018. They made their List A debut for Burgher Recreation Club in the 2017–18 Premier Limited Overs Tournament on 10 March 2018.
In March 2018, they were named in Dambulla's squad for the 2017–18 Super Four Provincial Tournament. In October 2020, they were drafted by the Colombo Kings for the inaugural edition of the Lanka Premier League.
In March 2021, they were part of the Sinhalese Sports Club team that won the 2020–21 SLC Twenty20 Tournament, the first time they had won the tournament since 2005. In August 2021, they were named in the SLC Reds team for the 2021 SLC Invitational T20 League tournament.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Burgher Recreation Club cricketers
Sinhalese Sports Club cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Okechukwu Ukeje, known as OC Ukeje is Nigerian actor,model and musician. They came into prominence after winning the Amstel Malta Box Office (AMBO) reality show. They have received several awards including Africa Movie Academy Awards, Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards, Nollywood Movies Awards, Best of Nollywood Awards, Nigeria Entertainment Awards and Golden Icons Academy Movie Awards. They have featured in several award-winning films including Two Brides and a Baby, Hoodrush, Alan Poza, Confusion Na Wa and Half of a Yellow Sun.
Early life
Okechukwu Ukeje, a native of Umuahia was born and bred in Lagos State, Nigeria.  They are the second child of a family of three.
Career
They attended Federal Government College Ijanikin, Ojo, Lagos. They began their career in acting from their first year at the University of Lagos, Yaba, with a lead role in a stage play. They went on to pursue both music and acting, focusing mainly on acting in stage plays for the first four years of their career before attempting and winning a reality TV show, Amstel Malta Box Office (AMBO). Their first screen appearance was in White Waters (2007) with Joke Silva and Rita Dominic. The film was directed by Izu Ojukwu. They won the African Movie Academy Awards (AMAA) for the Best Upcoming Actor (2008) and the City People's Award for Best New Act (2010).
They continued to write music, collaborating with a few Nigerian musical artists and producers and working on radio jingles for corporate organizations. They have worked in movies and television between 2008 and 2012.
They were a member of the cast of the TV series that was presented at the International Emmy World Television Festival, Wetin Dey (2007) produced by the BBC World Service Trust and played lead and supporting lead roles in films like Comrade, Confusion Na Wa and Awakening. They were also featured in Black November (2012) by Jeta Amata with cast members including Mickey Rourke, Kim Basinger, Sarah Wayne-Callies, Hakeem Kae-Kazim, Vivica Fox and a host of others. They were also in the film adaptation of Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie's Half of a Yellow Sun (2013) with Chiwetel Ejiofor and Thandiwe Newton as the lead cast, directed by Biyi Bandele. They were on the repertory team that showcased 3 stage plays for the Nigeria House at the London Cultural Olympiad (2012). They also acted in the BFI sponsored film, Gone Too Far. They were in NdaniTV's series Gidi Up with Titilope Sonuga, Deyemi Okanlawon, Somkele Iyamah and Ikechukwu Onunaku. In January 2015, they were listed by Nigerian Cinema Exhibition Coalition as one of the highest box office grosser of 2014.
In 2016, they were invited with Somkele Iyamah to attend the Toronto International Film Festival as "rising stars".
Personal life
Ukeje lives in Lagos, Nigeria. They married Senami Ibukunoluwa Togonu-Bickersteth on 8 November 2014.
Filmography
Awards
References
External links
Nigerian male musicians
Living people
1981 births
Male actors from Lagos
21st-century Nigerian male actors
University of Lagos alumni
Nigerian film actors
Nigerian male models
Nigerian musicians
Participants in Nigerian reality television series
People from Abia State
Luigi Castaldi (14 February 1890 – 12 June 1945) was an Italian anatomist and physician. They demonstrated endocrine function on development and growth. They also wrote on the history of anatomy.
Castaldi was born in Pistoia to Vittorio and Vincenza Giovacchini Rosati. They studied medicine at the University of Florence. They specialized in human anatomy and studied human histology. In 1914 their studies were interrupted by war in which they saw action in the battles of Calvario, Lucina, Podgora, Gorizia, the first battles of the Isonzo and on the upper Val Dogna and Tramonti di Sotto. They received a medal in 1918 and returned to studies. Their research on the liver of humans and other species was published as “Il connettivo nel fegato dei Vertebrati” (1920). They worked at the Institute of Human Anatomy of Florence under Giulio Chiarugi in 1919 and became a professor of human anatomy at the University of Perugia in 1923. In 1926 they became professor of anatomy at the University of Cagliari where they remained during the Fascist regime. They transferred to the University of Genoa after Mussolini's defeat.
Cagliari conducted studies on endocrine functions and growth regulation. They used adrenal cortex extracts in food to examine effects. They used statistical techniques from Adolphe Quetelet and Francis Galton in anthropometry to measure growth curves. They confirmed Nello Beccari's theory of tegmental centers. They were a founding member of the Italian Society of Anatomy over which they presided in 1923. Castaldi was involved in commissioning anatomical wax models for teaching.
Castaldi died in S. Maria Nuova hospital, Florence.
References
1890 births
1945 deaths
Italian anatomists
This list, assembled from Sports Car Club of America box scores, contains all vehicle marques that competed in the Trans-Am Series. The list is sorted first by era, and then by country. American marques from the Golden Age onward are divided among the Big Three.
Early Days
United States
General Motors
Chevrolet Camaro 1967-72
Chevrolet Corvair 1966
Pontiac Tempest 1966
Ford
Ford Mustang 1966-72
Ford Falcon 1966
Mercury Cougar 1967-1970
Chrysler
Plymouth Barracuda 1966-70
Dodge Challenger 1970-71
Dodge Dart 1966-70
American Motors
Rambler American 1967-1968
United Kingdom
Lotus Cortina 1966-72
Ford Anglia 1967
Morris Cooper S 1966-72
Sunbeam Imp 1966-67
Germany
Porsche 911 1967-69
BMW New Class 1966-72
Opel Kadett 1966 & 1972
Volkswagen Beetle 1966-67 & 1972
NSU Prinz 1966-70
Italy
Alfa Romeo GTA 1966-72
Lancia Fulvia 1967-68
Fiat-Abarth 1000 1966-72
Sweden
Saab 96 1966
Saab 850 1966
Volvo 122 1966-70
Japan
Honda 600 1966
Hino Contessa 1966
France
Simca 1000 1966
Renault Dauphine 1966 & 1970
Golden Era
Over Two Liters
General Motors
Chevrolet Camaro 1967-72
Pontiac Firebird 1968-72
Chevrolet Nova 1970
Ford Motor Company
Ford Mustang 1966-72
Mercury Cougar 1967-70
Chrysler Corporation
Dodge Challenger 1970-1971
Plymouth Barracuda 1966-70
Dodge Dart 1966-70
American Motors
AMC Javelin 1968-72
Rambler American 1967-1968
Under Two Liters
United Kingdom
Lotus Cortina 1966-72
Morris Cooper 1966-72
Ford Escort 1970-72
Triumph Vitesse 1971
Germany
Porsche 911 1967-69
BMW New Class 1966-72
Opel Kadett 1966 & 1972
Volkswagen Beetle 1966-67 & 1972
NSU Prinz 1966-70
Italy
Alfa Romeo GTA 1966-72
Lancia Fulvia 1967-68
Fiat-Abarth 1000 1966-72
Fiat 124 1972
Alfa Romeo GTV 1970
Sweden
Volvo 122 1966-70
Saab 96 1968
Volvo PV544 1970
Volvo 142 1971-72
Japan
Datsun 510 1970-72
Toyota 1600 1972
United States
Ford Pinto 1971-72
Ford Capri 1972
France
Renault Dauphine 1966 & 1970
Renault R8 1968
1973-79
North America
AMC Hornet
AMC Javelin
Chevrolet Camaro
Chevrolet Corvette C3
Chevrolet Monza
Ford Capri
Ford Escort
Ford Falcon
Ford Mustang
Pontiac Firebird
Shelby Cobra
Shelby GT350
Europe
Italy
Alfa Romeo Alfetta
Alfa Romeo GTV
Alfa Romeo Montreal
De Tomaso Pantera
Ferrari 365
Ferrari Boxer
Ferrari Dino
Lancia Stratos
Germany
BMW New Class
Opel Manta
Porsche 911
Porsche 914
Porsche 924
Porsche 925
Porsche 930
Porsche 934
Porsche 935
Porsche Carrera
Volkswagen Rabbit
Volkswagen Scirocco
Britain
Jaguar XJS
Lotus Europa
Triumph 2000
Triumph TR8
France
Renault Alpine
Simca
Japan
Datsun 260Z
Datsun 280Z
Datsun 510
Mazda RX-3
Toyota Celica
GT Era
North America
AMC Concord
AMC Javelin
Buick Century (1985)
Buick Regal (1984-1988)
Buick Skyhawk (1983-1988)
Buick Somerset (1985-1988)
Chevrolet Beretta (1987-1988)
Chevrolet Camaro (1983-1988)
Chevrolet Corvette (1983-1988)
Chevrolet Monte Carlo (1986-1988)
Chevrolet Monza (1983-1984)
Dodge Charger
Dodge Daytona
Dodge Mirada (1985)
Ford Capri
Ford Fairmont (1983)
Ford Mustang (1983-1988)
Ford Thunderbird (1983-1988)
Lincoln Mark VII (1984-1985)
Mercury Capri (1983-1988)
Merkur XR4Ti (1986-1988)
Oldsmobile Calais (1986)
Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme (1988)
Oldsmobile Toronado (1986-1988)
Plymouth Barracuda
Plymouth Volare (1983)
Pontiac Fiero (1984-1987)
Pontiac Firebird (1983-1988)
Pontiac Le Mans
Pontiac Trans Am (1983-1988)
Europe
Audi 200 (1988)
Audi 4000 (1983)
BMW 633 (eligible but never run)
BMW M1
Jaguar XJS (1988)
Lancia Beta
Mercedes-Benz 380 SL
Mercedes-Benz 450 SL
Porsche 911 (1983-1988)
Porsche 914
Porsche 924 (1983-1986)
Porsche 928 (1983)
Porsche 930 (1983-1985)
Porsche 934
Porsche 935
Porsche 944 (1986-1988)
Triumph TR8
Volkswagen Golf (1985-1986)
Volkswagen Rabbit (1984-1985)
Volkswagen Scirocco (1983-1985)
Asia
Datsun 240Z
Datsun 280ZX (1983-1984)
Mazda RX-7 (1983-1988)
Nissan 200SX (1985)
Nissan 300ZX (1984-1988)
American Muscle Revival Era (1989-2006)
Return
The following vehicles were used in the 2015 season:
TA1
Cadillac CTS-V
Chevrolet Camaro
Chevrolet Corvette
Ford Mustang
Jaguar XKR
TA2
Chevrolet Camaro
Dodge Challenger
Ford Mustang
TA3
Aston Martin GT4
BMW M3
Chevrolet Corvette
Dodge Viper
Porsche 996
Porsche 997
TA4
Chevrolet Camaro
Dodge Challenger
Ford Mustang
References
Trans-Am marques
Marques
San Antonio Oeste is a port city in the Argentine province of Río Negro, and head of the department of San Antonio.
The town is bordered by its sister communities of San Antonio Este, to the east, and Las Grutas, to the southwest. Discovered by an expedition of the Spanish Empire in 1779, San Matías Gulf became the site of an outpost, San Antonio (so named in honor of St. Anthony of Padua). Water scarcity led the original settlement to fail in 1905, leading the community to settle west of the gulf, in what today is San Antonio Oeste.
The arrival of the Buenos Aires Great Southern Railway in its expansion towards Bariloche in 1910 led to the hamlet's growth. It later became the site of Punta Verde, the leading port for the large wool export industry of Patagonia, though the collapse in the wool market during the 1930s and 1940s led to the port's closure in 1944.
San Antonio Oeste benefited afterwards from a growth in tourism in nearby Las Grutas, a scenic cove known for its grottoes. Since 2000, it has also been home to a growing fishing industry, resulting from the opening of a deep-water port in San Antonio Este.
Climate
San Antonio Oeste has a semi-arid climate (Köppen climate classification BSk) with cool winters and hot summers. Winters are characterized with cool temperatures during the day and very cold nights. In the coldest month, June and July, the mean temperature is . Temperatures can regularly fall below freezing during the winter months although snowfalls rarely occur, averaging 0.2 days with snow per year. During this time of the year, the weather is characterized by cloudy weather in which an average of 9–11 overcast days are recorded per month.
Spring and fall are transition seasons featuring mild daytime temperatures and cool nighttime temperatures. Spring starts out cool, with frosts that occur regularly in September with the last date of frost occurring on October 2. However, frosts can occur as late as November 4 It is also a windy season, which can make the temperature feel cooler than it should be. Autumn starts out warm but increasingly becomes cooler in April and May with the frosts that can occur as early as March 26. Normally, the first date of frost occurs on April 28.
Summers are hot during the day while nighttime temperatures are mild. It tends to be sunnier than the other seasons with only 4–6 overcast days per month and having 7–11 clear days per month. In the hottest month, January, the average high is while the average low is . During the most extreme heat waves, the temperature can reach above from November to March. The average relative humidity is 57%, with the winter months being more humid than the winter months. San Antonio Oeste is windy throughout the year with mean wind speeds ranging from a low of in April to a high of in December. Precipitation is low throughout the year with San Antonio Oeste receiving of precipitation per year with 63 days with measureable precipitation that is fairly evenly distributed throughout the year. There are approximately 2,633.5 hours of bright sunshine per year or 58.3% of possible sunshine per year, ranging from a low of 45.7% in June (only 136.4 hours of sunshine per month) to a high of 72.0% in February. The highest recorded temperature was while the lowest recorded temperature was on June 22, 2002.
Situated in the east coast of northern Patagonia, the annual daily mean in San Antonio Oeste is of , this is significantly higher than the average temperature of Valdivia, Chile, located at a similar latitude and altitude but in the west coast of Patagonia.
References
Notes
External links
City of San Antonio Oeste
Populated places in Río Negro Province
Port settlements in Argentina
Populated places established in 1905
Populated coastal places in Argentina
1905 establishments in Argentina
The Estadio Municipal Claudio Suárez is a multi-use stadium located in Texcoco, State of Mexico, Mexico. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium for Faraones de Texcoco. The stadium has a capacity of 4,000 people.
References
External links
Multi-purpose stadiums in Mexico
Municipal Claudio Suarez
Athletics (track and field) venues in Mexico
Sling is an area in the community of Llanddona, Anglesey, Wales, which is 130.4 miles (209.8 km) from Cardiff and 208.1 miles (334.8 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Laila Johnson-Salami (born 3 December 1996) is Nigerian journalist. They have worked with Spice TV, Nigeria Info FM, Wazobia Max TV and is now a Correspondent at Arise News. In 2022, they picked up inaugural UNDP/UN Women International Women's Day Award for Media and Entertainment category and was nominated for the 2022 Gatefield People's Journalist for Africa Award.  They are known for their work in promoting gender equality, youth empowerment, climate action and social inclusion.  They are a co-founder of We Rise Initiative, a nonprofit organization focused on women emancipation and a founding member of Feminist Coalition.
Early life and career
Laila was born in Ibadan, Nigeria to Abayomi Salami (father) and Diana Yeside Johnson (mother). Them grandfather, Lekan Salami was a chief, business person, sports administrator and politician and their aunty, Caroline Lee Johnson is a British actor. Laila was raised in Nigeria and the UK where they received education and earned a bachelor's degree in Politics and International Relations at the University of Westminster.
In 2016, they co-founded We Rise Initiative, an NGO focused on liberating women. They returned to Nigeria from the UK in 2017. In 2018, Laila co-hosted a first-of-its-kind show, On the Couch with Falz and Laila where they interviewed presidential aspirants for the 2019 elections. In May 2019, Laila joined Arise News as a co-host of the channel's prime time programme -The Morning Show. They went on to co-host the afternoon programme News Day. Since 2021, Laila has worked as a field correspondent at Arise News reporting on the environment, Healthcare and international affairs. In 2021, Laila produced and presented a wildlife conservation series on Arise News in partnership with international NGO WildAid called Go Wild – a pioneer wildlife series in Nigerian media. In 2022, the UNDP/UN Women International Women's Day Award committee described them as “A rising star in media and journalism who is changing the narrative around gender equality, youth empowerment, climate action and social inclusion, one conversation at a time.”
 They are a Founding Member of the Feminist Coalition, an organisation championing equality for Nigerian women.
Awards
2022 UNDP/UN Women International Women's Day Award for Media and Entertainment
2022 Gatefield People's Journalist for Africa Award (Nominee)
2021 Future Awards Prize for Journalism (Nominee)
References
Living people
1997 births
Nigerian women journalists
Television personalities from Lagos
The 2021 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup was planned to be the 107th edition of the U.S. Open Cup, a knockout cup competition in American soccer. After the 2020 competition was suspended and ultimately canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the United States Soccer Federation announced that qualification for the 2021 Open Cup would be canceled and all 100 teams that had qualified for that competition would be invited back. On February 8, 2021, the U.S. Soccer Federation backtracked and stated that only 24 teams would be allowed to participate in a new abbreviated tournament, with the exact qualification details still being determined.
On March 29, US Soccer announced the tournament would be downsized to 16 teams who would play four rounds. The opening round was canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic, while the Open Cup Committee will convene to decide whether the competition can proceed. The tournament will feature eight Major League Soccer teams, four USL Championship teams, one National Independent Soccer Association team, one USL League One team, and two teams from the Open Division determined by a random draw.
On April 16, US Soccer announced that the tournament would not be held in the spring due to a combination of financial and logistical issues, and that they were evaluating holding the tournament later in the year.
On July 20, US Soccer finally announced that the tournament would be cancelled for 2021 and would resume in 2022.
Atlanta United FC won the previous tournament after defeating Minnesota United FC in the 2019 final.
Qualification
The list of eligible teams for the 2021 tournament features 102 teams including 64 professional sides. Two professional teams became eligible since the 2019 tournament (Rio Grande Valley FC Toros and FC Tucson) and two have folded (Reno 1868 FC and 2019 quarterfinalists Saint Louis FC). Entrants include the American clubs from across the soccer leagues system, with timing determined by league division. These include the 24 American clubs of Major League Soccer, as well as the teams in the USL Championship and USL League One that are not owned or operated by an MLS and USL Championship (in case of USL League One). ; MLS-affiliated clubs from these leagues are eligible. In addition, clubs from the National Independent Soccer Association (NISA), a sanctioned Division III league, are set to take part. This would be the first time two professional leagues from the same tier have both competed in the tournament since 2017.
Both Crossfire Redmond and GPS Portland Phoenix qualified for the 2020 tournament through league results in the National Premier Soccer League and USL League Two respectively. However, neither were listed as eligible in U.S. Soccer's announcement.
The four participating USL Championship teams will be the USL Championship 2020 semifinal playoff teams: El Paso Locomotive FC, Louisville City FC, Phoenix Rising FC, Tampa Bay Rowdies.
Number of teams by state
The eligible 2021 field represents a total of 34 states and the District of Columbia.
States without a team in the Open Cup: Alaska, Arkansas, Delaware, Hawaii, Idaho, Maine, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, New Hampshire, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Vermont, West Virginia, and Wyoming.
Broadcasting
All matches from the first round to the final were expected to be streamed on ESPN+. U.S. Soccer and ESPN signed a 4-year deal to air the tournament in 2019.
References
External links
at U.S. Soccer
TheCup.us, an independent news site covering the U.S. Open Cup
U.S. Open Cup
U.S. Open Cup
U.S. Open Cup, 2021
Association football events cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Holland Arms is an area in the community of Llanfihangel Ysgeifiog, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 129.3 miles (208.1 km) from Cardiff and 211.9 miles (341 km) from London.
See also
Holland Arms railway station
List of localities in Wales by population
References
Villages in Anglesey
As of 1996, there were 1,496 people with varying degree of disability in Seychelles.
History
In 1981, there were 2,908 people with disability after the country made a survey to identify the number of people with such characters. And in 1991, there were 732 people.
Classification
Disability in Seychelles is classified into several categories, which are physical, mental or intellectual impairments and sensory impairments category, which include hearing, speech and vision.
Advocacy
The Association for People with Hearing Impairment (APHI) was founded in 2005 to train teachers of the deaf and to promote public awareness of Seychelles Sign Language.
References
Sergio Salas (born March 21, 1981 in Cochabamba) is a Bolivian former footballer who last played for West Texas United Sockers in the USL Second Division.
Career
Youth
Salas moved from their native Bolivia to the United States as a child, settling with their family in McLean, Virginia. They attended Mclean High School, but chose to not play college soccer, instead turning professional straight out high school when they signed a Project-40 contract with Major League Soccer.
Professional
Salas was drafted in the third round (27th overall) of the 2000 MLS SuperDraft by D.C. United. They spent most of the season on loan to MLS Pro 40, but played one game, 18 minutes in total for D.C. before being released at the end of the season. Following their release from DC, Salas bounced around the American lower-leagues, playing for Northern Virginia Royals in the USL Second Division, and the amateur Indios USA in the National Premier Soccer League, before signing on with Bolivian pro team Club Aurora in 2005. In 2006 Salas joined Municipal Real Mamore on a one-year loan. That year the Team won the Bolivian 2nd division tournament Simon Bolivar and won promotion to 1st division.
Salas returned to the United States in 2009 to play for the West Texas United Sockers in the USL Premier Development League, before moving to the Real Maryland Monarchs in the USL Second Division.
References
External links
Real Maryland Monarchs bio
BDFA profile
1981 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Cochabamba
Bolivian footballers
Club Aurora players
D.C. United players
Northern Virginia Royals players
Midland-Odessa Sockers FC players
Real Maryland F.C. players
Major League Soccer players
USL Second Division players
USL League Two players
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Bolivian expatriate footballers
Bolivian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
USL Pro Soccer League players
USL A-League players
MLS Pro-40 players
USL D-3 Pro League players
D.C. United draft picks
Association football midfielders
Akbarabad-e Kazemi (, also Romanized as Akbarābād-e Kāẓemī; also known as Akbarābād) is a village in Jalilabad Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 57, in 14 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
The Schiberg (2,044 m) is a mountain of the Schwyz Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Schwyz and Glarus. It overlooks the Wägitalersee on its west side.
References
External links
Schiberg on Hikr
Mountains of the Alps
Mountains of Switzerland
Mountains of the canton of Schwyz
Mountains of the canton of Glarus
Glarus–Schwyz border
Hôpital Sabah (en: Sabah Hospital) is a hospital in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located on the Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser, adjacent (west) to the Grand National Hospital of Mauritania, opposite the Ministry of Energy headquarters and to the east of the Reserve Naturel de Sel Iode.
The hospital is possibly associated with the National Cardiology Center. A medical organization Carrefour Sabah is located near where the Sabah Hospital is purported to be located and Carrefour Sabah also appears in connection with National Cardiology Center.
References
Hospitals in Mauritania
Nouakchott
Tim Dyson (born 1949) is a British demographer with a focus on Indian population history.  They are currently Professor Emeritus of Population Studies at the London School of Economics. They were elected as a Fellow of the British Academy in 2001.
Bibliography
A Population History of India: From the First Modern People to the Present Day. Oxford University Press, 2018.
Population and Development: The Demographic Transition. Zed Books, 2010.
Twenty-first Century India: Population, Economy, Human Development, and the Environment, eds. Tim Dyson, Robert Cassen, Leela Visaria.
Famine Demography: Perspectives from the Past and Present. Oxford University Press, 2002.
Population and Food: Global Trends and Future Prospects. Psychology Press, 1996.
India's demography: essays on the contemporary population. 1982.
See also
List of fellows of the British Academy elected in the 2000s
References
External links
British Academy Fellow
Academic Profile
1949 births
Living people
British demographers
Academics of the London School of Economics
Fellows of the British Academy
Dave LaRue is an American bassist who has performed with the Dixie Dregs since 1988 and with the Steve Morse Band since 1989. They also have worked with Dream Theater's John Petrucci, Mike Portnoy, Derek Sherinian and Jordan Rudess. They play Music Man bass guitars, among them the "Sterling" and "StingRay 5 five-string" but has mainly switched to their "Bongo" line (which they were instrumental in helping develop) including four- and five-string fretted and fretless models. From March 2006 to September 2006, they toured with Joe Satriani on the Super Colossal tour.
Most recently, LaRue became a member of the supergroup Flying Colors alongside long-time bandmate Steve Morse.
Discography
Solo albums
1992 Hub City Kid
with Dixie Dregs
Bring 'Em Back Alive (1992)
Full Circle (June 7, 1994)
California Screamin' (February 1, 2000)
with Steve Morse
1991 Southern Steel
1992 Coast to Coast
1995 Structural Damage
1996 StressFest
2000 Major Impacts
2002 Split Decision
2004 Major Impacts 2
2005 Prime Cuts – From Steve Morse's Magna Carta sessions (compilation)
2009 Out Standing in Their Field
with Vinnie Moore
1999: The Maze
2001: Defying Gravity
with T Lavitz
1984 Extended Play
1986 Storytime
1987 From the West
with John Petrucci
2005 Suspended Animation
2005 G3: Live in Tokyo
2020 Terminal Velocity
with Joe Satriani
2006 Satriani Live!
with Flying Colors
2012 Flying Colors
2013 Live in Europe
2014 Second Nature
2015 Second Flight: Live at the Z7
2019 Third Degree
2019 Third Stage: Live in London
2019 Morsefest 2019
with Hammer of the Gods
2006 Two Nights in North America
with Jordan Rudess
2004 Rhythm of Time
Other Collaborations
1977 Mike Santiago & Entity - White Trees
1982 The Markley Band - On the Mark
1984 John Macey - Meltdown
1984 Stretch – Stretch
1986 Glen Burtnik - Talking in Code
1987 Scott Stewart & the Other Side - Scott Stewart & the Other Side
2002 Planet X - Live From Oz
2005 Balance II - Balance II
DVD
2002 Steve Morse - Sects, Dregs & Rock 'n' Roll
2005 Steve Morse Band - Live In Baden-Baden Germany March 1990
2005 John Petrucci - G3 Live in Tokyo
2006 Hammer of the Gods - Two Nights in North America
2006 Joe Satriani - Satriani Live!
References
External links
Official homepage
Living people
Dixie Dregs members
Year of birth missing (living people)
American rock bass guitarists
Progressive metal bass guitarists
American male bass guitarists
Flying Colors (band) members
Bernice Adams (born August 1949) is an English stage and television actor.
The London-born Adams studied at a dancing school for three years from age thirteen. They went on to work on stage in pantomime, variety shows and cabaret. Late in the 1950s they appeared in West End musicals including The Most Happy Fella, Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, Promises, Promises, Gypsy, Sweet Charity, and the Dad's Army.
On television they appeared in It Ain't Half Hot Mum, Dad's Army and Are You Being Served? In the 1980s Adams gave up acting and became a production manager for a dance and theatre company, eventually relocating to France. They now live in Monte Carlo.
References
Croft, David; Perry, Jimmy; Webber, Richard (2000). The Complete A-Z of Dads Army. Orion.
External links
1949 births
Living people
English stage actores
English television actores
Actresses from London
Date of birth missing (living people)
The black thicket fantail (Rhipidura maculipectus) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae. It is found in the Aru Islands and New Guinea. This species is one of 47 in the genus Rhipidura.
Description
This is a medium-sized, long-tailed bird measuring 18-19cm and weighing 18-19g. The plumage is blackish with white spots on the chest and wings and a white tip of the tail. There is as well a short white stripe above the eye and white spot on the side of the neck. The tail is often upturned and fanned out. The iris is dark brown, the beak is black with pinkish underside. Males and females are similar but females have fewer spots and more pale abdomen. Juveniles are sooty black all over except for an indistinct white supraorbital spot and white tips on the tail feathers.
Black thicket fantail is similar to White-bellied thicket fantail (R. leucothorax), but the last is differed by its white breast (which is reflected in its name). This species is also similar to Sooty thicket fantail (R. threnothorax) but that one has no white tip of the tale.
Habitats and behavior
The majority of fantails are strong fliers, and some species can undertake long migrations, but black thicket fantail as well as the other thicket fantails (sooty thicket fantail and white-bellied thicket fantail) are very weak fliers, and need to alight regularly.
The birds of this species are very secretive and it is rather difficult to notice them. Their natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
Like other fantails, black thicket ones are entomophages. They are feeding usually within 1-2 meters from the ground. They are catching insects on the fly, by horizontal throws from a low perch.
The voice is a rising, ringing, metallic song followed by a «wee-chuv!».
Citations
References
External links
Rhipidura maculipectus on BirdLife International
Rhipidura maculipectus on BioLib.cz
Black thicket fantail Rhipidura maculipectus Gray, GR, 1858 at «xeno-canto» website — Birds' Voices all over the world
black thicket fantail
Birds of the Aru Islands
Birds of New Guinea
black thicket fantail
black thicket fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Stephen Braun is a reporter for the Associated Press.
Braun was with the Los Angeles Times for many years, and served as national correspondent for the paper from 1993 to 2008. While at the Times, the paper won a Pulitzer Prize in 1993 for its coverage of the 1992 Los Angeles riots, where Braun played an integral part of the writing.
Reporting done by Braun with Eileen Sullivan in August 2016 regarding donors to the Clinton Foundation who later met with Hillary Clinton when they were Secretary of State received a great deal of scrutiny.
Braun also previously reported for the Detroit Free Press, Philadelphia Daily News and Baltimore News-American. They graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in 1975.
Braun also co-authored the book Merchant of Death: Money, Guns, Planes, and the Man Who Makes War Possible (2007) with Douglas Farah. The book tells the story of the international weapons dealer Viktor Bout, and was released a year before Bout was arrested in a DEA sting. The book detailed how Bout was able to deliver weapons to the deviant groups and nations, including militants in the Taliban, Somalia, and Yemen. Publishers Weekly wrote that, "The authors paint a depressing picture of an avalanche of war-making material pouring into poor, violence-wracked nations despite well-publicized U.N. embargoes."
References
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Living people
Associated Press reporters
Year of birth missing (living people)
Springdale Farms is a family owned farmers' market, located on Springdale Road (County Route 673) in Cherry Hill, New Jersey, United States. , this was Cherry Hill's last working farm.
History
Springdale Farms began in 1949, when Alan Ebert purchased the land. At the time, three quarters of Cherry Hill was covered with farmland. Alan's widow Mary, along with their children, took over operations of the farm after their death. A fire in 1988, which was determined to be suspicious, destroyed the farm's retail building.
In late 1998, Springdale Road was widened from two lanes to four lanes, including a center left-turn lane. This affected the farm by not only removing some of the farm's property, but also affecting the farm's business when the road had a detour that motorists used during the widening project. In 1999, the farm expanded to add three greenhouses, totaling 9,600 square feet, where produce, baked goods, crafts and other farm products are sold. In 2006, a fence was erected in response to the significant number of deer in the wooded area surrounding the farm.
References
External links
Virtual Tour
Buildings and structures in Camden County, New Jersey
Cherry Hill, New Jersey
Farms in New Jersey
Tourist attractions in Camden County, New Jersey
1949 establishments in New Jersey
Silphium brachiatum is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known commonly as Cumberland rosinweed. It is a rare member of the genus Silphium and is native to the southern Cumberland Plateau where it is found in only a few counties of Alabama, Georgia, and Tennessee. It was described by Augustin Gattinger, the first state botanist of Tennessee.
References
brachiatum
Walter Henry Watts (1776 – 4 January 1842) was an English miniature painter and journalist.
Life
Watts was born in the East Indies in 1776, the son of a captain in the Royal Navy. They were sent to England at an early age and placed at school in Cheshire. They had talent as an artist, and devoted some time to the study of drawing and painting.
In 1808 Watts was a member of the Society of Associated Artists in Watercolours. They obtained some renown as a miniature painter, and from 1808 to 1830 exhibited miniatures at the Royal Academy of Arts. In 1816 they were appointed miniature painter to Princess Charlotte of Wales. Not being able for some time to make a living from painting, they found employment as a parliamentary reporter on the staff of The Morning Post in 1803. About 1813 they joined The Morning Chronicle in the same capacity. In 1826 they undertook to manage the reporting department of The Representative, but, returning to The Morning Chronicle in the following year, they continued to act as a parliamentary reporter until 1840.
During this time they also contributed criticisms on matters connected with the fine arts to The Literary Gazette, and edited the Annual Biography and Obituary from its beginning in 1817 until 1831. They were a co-founder in 1837 of the Newspaper Press Benevolent Association, and was its first chairperson.
Watts died at their lodgings at Earl's Court Terrace, Old Brompton, on 4 January 1842.
References
Attribution
External links
Walter Henry Watts at the National Portrait Gallery, London
1776 births
1842 deaths
English art critics
19th-century British journalists
Portrait miniaturists
István Messzi was a Hungarian weightlifter. They won a Silver medal in the 82.5 kg class at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
References
1961 births
1991 deaths
Olympic weightlifters of Hungary
Weightlifters at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Hungary
Dynamo sports society athletes
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Hungarian male weightlifters
20th-century Hungarian people
The Edmonds Cookery Book is a recipe book focusing on traditional New Zealand cuisine. It was first published as The Sure to Rise Cookery Book in 1908 as a marketing tool by baking powder manufacturer Thomas Edmonds (today part of Goodman Fielder), but it is now known as a Kiwi icon.
The cookbook has been through many editions and reprints, adapting to changing tastes and new technology. Only two copies of the first (1908) edition are known to survive. In 1955, the first "De Luxe" edition was introduced. The 69th De Luxe edition was released in 2016.
Since 1955, the front cover has featured the former Edmonds factory in Linwood, Christchurch (demolished in 1990). Spiral bounding was introduced in 1976 to allow the book to stay open and flat.
The book has been described as "as much a part of New Zealand kitchens as a stove and knife," and at one time it was "sent unsolicited to every newly engaged couple in New Zealand."
Edmonds recipe books have sold over 3,000,000 copies. It remains New Zealand's fastest selling book with over 200,000 copies sold in one year.
References
External links
Edmonds "Sure to Rise" Cookery Book third (1914) edition at the New Zealand Electronic Text Centre
1908 non-fiction books
Cookbooks
New Zealand cuisine
New Zealand books
Data-centric computing is an emerging concept that has relevance in information architecture and data center design. It describes an information system where data is stored independently of the applications, which can be upgraded without costly and complicated data migration. This is a radical shift in information systems that will be needed to address organizational needs for storing, retrieving, moving and processing exponentially growing data sets.
Background
Traditional information system architectures are based on an application-centric mindset. Traditionally, applications were installed, kept relatively static, updated infrequently, and utilized a fixed set of compute, storage, and networking elements to cope with a relatively small set of structured data.
This approach functioned well for decades, but over the past decade, data growth, particularly unstructured data growth, put new pressures on organizations, information architectures and data center infrastructure. 90% of new data is unstructured and, according to a 2018 report, 59% of organizations manage over 10 billion files and objects spread over large numbers of servers and storage nodes. Organizations are struggling to cope with exponential data growth while seeking better approaches to extracting insights from that data using services including Big Data analytics and machine learning. However, existing architectures aren't built to address service requirements at petabyte scale and beyond without significant performance limits.
Traditional architectures fail to fully store, retrieve, move and utilize that data because due to limitations of hardware infrastructure as well as application-centric systems design, development, and management.
Data-centric workloads
There are two problems data-centric computing aims to address.
Organizations need to utilize all available data but traditional applications aren't sufficiently agile or flexible. New shifts toward constant service innovation, supported by emerging approaches to service delivery (including microservices and containers) open new possibilities that step away from traditional application-centric mindsets.
Existing limits of data center hardware also restricts complete movement, management and utilization of unstructured data sets. Conventional CPUs are impeding performance because they do not include specialized capabilities needed for storage, networking, and analysis. Slow storage, including hard drives and SAS/SATA solid state drives over the network can reduce performance and limit data accessibility. New hardware capabilities are needed.
Data-centric computing
Data-centric computing is an approach that merges innovative hardware and software to treat data, not applications, as the permanent source of value. Data-centric computing aims to rethink both hardware and software to extract as much value as possible from existing and new data sources. It increases agility by prioritizing data transfer and data computation over static application performance and resilience.
Data-centric hardware and software
To meet the goals of data-centric computing, data center hardware infrastructure will evolve to address massive scale, rapid growth, the need for very high performance data movement, and extensive calculation requirements.
Distributed hardware infrastructures become the norm, with data and services spread across many compute and storage nodes, both in public clouds and on-premise.
Due to the flattening of Moore's law, new processors are emerging to boost performance, reducing CPU loads by handling intensive tasks including data movement, data protection, and data security.
New technologies like NVMe drives and networking like NVMeoF will become standard components of data-centric computing architectures.
As far as software goes, data-centric computing accelerates the disappearance of traditional static applications. Applications become short-lived, constantly added, updated, or removed as algorithms come and go. Software is redesigned to conduct analysis on all available data instead of subsets. Microservices visit data, conduct calculations and express the results of their process at speeds beyond conventional approaches.
References
Data centers
Data management
Petroleuciscus esfahani is a species of cyprinid freshwater fish from Iran. It is size of about 10 cm.
The status of P. eshefani as an independent species has been questioned: rather it is probably a synonym of Alburnus doriae.
References
Petroleuciscus
Fish described in 2010
Fish of Iran
God and eternity are important concepts in theology. Theists say that God is eternally existent. How this is understood depends on which definition of eternity is used. God may exist in eternity or outside the human concept of time, but also inside of time.
Definition
In William Rowe's review of Nelson Pike's God and Timelessness the two common definitions of eternity are given. The first is timelessness, which could be described as a timeless existence where categories of past, present, and future just do not apply. The second definition is of God existing in all time dimensions such as past, present, and future. In this case, God would have already existed for an infinite amount of time and will continue to do so. Pike mainly wonders if God could be timeless and all knowing. They argue that if God knows all, then they will know what a person will do in the future and that will be the only thing they can do because that's what God knows will happen, so there's only one option. But, Rowe argues, if God is timeless then they would not know what that person is planning to do before they do it, so therefore they could not be all knowing if they are timeless but if they are all knowing they could not be timeless. Rowe mentions how Pike uses multiple arguments to disprove Anselm of Canterbury and another theologian of their own arguments about why God is eternal (Anselm was a theist who believed God was all knowing and eternal).
Stewart Sutherland also talks about similar perspectives regarding the definition of God's eternity. Sutherland agrees with Nelson's Pikes conclusion that the two common definitions of eternity are defined as timelessness which could be described as a timeless existence where categories of past, present, and future just do not apply. The second definition is of God existing in all time dimensions such as past, present, and future. However, it has been argued that if God is timeless then they cannot be omniscient, because there are many things which a timeless being cannot know. Therefore, God could not know what is happening now, what will happen tomorrow, or what happened yesterday. If this argument is true, it would seem to eliminate the idea of God's foreknowledge, and this will have the advantage that it avoids at least some of the difficulties of the compatibility of belief in God and belief that, in some sense at least, the future actions of human beings are free.
Another perspective is offered from Lawrence Lafleur in their article, "If God Were Eternal". Lafleur believes if God was eternal, they could not be within time at all, they would have to be outside of it. They follow up with the argument that if God is outside of time, they could not interact with us since they would need some sort of access to the present to have a relationship with us. Thus, argues Lafleur, God would have no religious significance to us if they were eternal because then they wouldn't have any connection or hand in our fate. Another argument Lafleur uses is that if God is all knowing, praying and worship is pointless because God already knows because they have conceived the whole world and all of us. According to Lafleur, when we say eternal, what we really mean is everlasting. Only in this way could God be everything we think of them as, both everlasting and all knowing.
The Bible is less clear on which of the two senses is true. The first sense, and perhaps the one with the longest pedigree, is that God exists independently of time. On this view, it cannot be said that God has lived for a certain number of years or will live a certain number of years into the future. The second notion is to say that God is in time but everlasting. This is sometimes called sempiternity. Both conceptions agree that God's existence never ends. They disagree on whether God is in time or outside of it.
John Feinberg, in their book No One Like Him argues for God's omnitemporality over their timelessness. Although agreeing with William Lane Craig that the biblical data are compatible with both views, Feinberg believes that it is easier to make sense of the notion of omnitemporality over atemporal eternity. Feinberg finds it difficult to believe that an omniscient, supremely rational being could know everything there is to know without being temporal. They also believe that the concept of fellowship is easier to understand on the omnitemporal model. Scripture also points to God as having fellowship with and interacting with human beings at various points in their lives, which seems difficult to understand unless there is a temporal sequence in God's thought life. Regardless, Feinberg affirms that both views are fully theologically orthodox, and that divine timelessness does have the advantage of not potentially slipping into the heretical notion of process theology.
Christian doctrine
There are many ideas about the true definition of eternality, especially in different religions such as Judaism or Islam. D. P Walker's research specifically focuses on the definition of eternity in the Christian doctrine. In their article “ Eternity and the Afterlife”, they state that the Christian eternity combines two notions: non-successive experience and infinite duration. This Christian conception of eternity, formulated by Augustine, Boethius, and Aquinas, is usually said to derive from Plato and the Neoplatonists.
See also
Attributes of God in Christianity
Theistic finitism
References
God in Christianity
Attributes of God in Christian theology
Christian cosmology
Waite v North-Eastern Railway Co (1858) EB&E 719 is an old English tort law case concerning negligence and contributory negligence in the pre-Donoghue v. Stevenson and pre-Law Reform (Contributory Negligence) Act 1945 era. It was heard initially in the Exchequer Chamber.
Facts
An action was brought on behalf of an infant by their next friend. The infant, which was five years of age, was with its grandmother, who took a half-ticket for the child and a ticket for themselves to travel by the defendants' line; as they were crossing the railway to be ready for the train the child was injured by a passing train.
Judgment
The jury found that the defendants were guilty of negligence, and that the grandmother was guilty of negligence which contributed to the accident, while there was no negligence of the infant plaintiff. A verdict was entered for the plaintiff, but in the Queen's Bench the verdict was entered for the defendants, without calling on them to argue, on the ground that the infant was identified with its grandmother.
Subsequent cases
Afterwards, the case of the "Bernina," decided in 1888, where a passenger and an engineer on board the "Bushire" were killed in a collision between the "Bernina" and the "Bushire" caused by fault in both ships, but without fault on the part of the deceased, exploded this supposed doctrine, and made it clear that the defence of contributory negligence holds good only when the defendant contends and proves that the plaintiff was injured by their own carelessness.
See also
English tort law
English tort case law
Exchequer of Pleas cases
1858 in British law
1858 in case law
Railway litigation in 1858
The black-breasted buttonquail (Turnix melanogaster) is a rare buttonquail endemic to eastern Australia. Like other buttonquails, it is unrelated to the true quails. The black-breasted buttonquail is a plump quail-shaped bird in length with predominantly marbled black, rufous and pale brown plumage, marked prominently with white spots and stripes, and white eyes. Like other buttonquails, the female is larger and more boldly coloured than the male, with a distinctive black head and neck sprinkled with fine white markings. The usual sex roles are reversed, as the female mates with multiple male partners and leaves them to incubate the eggs.
The black-breasted buttonquail is usually found in rainforest, and forages on the ground for invertebrates in large areas of thick leaf litter. Most of its original habitat has been cleared and the remaining populations are fragmented. The species is rated as vulnerable on the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN)'s Red List of Endangered species, and is listed as vulnerable under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999. A three-year conservation project has been under way since 2021.
Taxonomy
The black-breasted buttonquail was originally described by ornithologist John Gould in 1837 as Hemipodius melanogaster, from specimens collected around Moreton Bay in Queensland. Its specific epithet is derived from the Ancient Greek terms melas "black" and gaster "belly". In 1840, English zoologist George Robert Gray established that the genus name Turnix, coined in 1790 by French naturalist Pierre Joseph Bonnaterre, had priority over Hemipodius, which had been published in 1815 by Coenraad Jacob Temminck. In their 1865 Handbook to the Birds of Australia, Gould used its current name Turnix melanogaster. Gregory Mathews placed it in its own genus Colcloughia in 1913, which was not followed by later authors. They also described a subspecies Colcloughia melanogaster goweri from Gowrie on the basis of less extensive black plumage, though this was later regarded as individual variation. Along with other buttonquails, the black-breasted buttonquail was traditionally placed in the order Gruiformes, but more recent molecular analysis shows it belongs to an early offshoot within the shorebirds (Charadriiformes).
"Black-breasted buttonquail" has been designated the official name by the International Ornithologists' Union (IOU). "Black-fronted buttonquail" is an alternative vernacular name. Gould called it "black-breasted hemipode" initially, and then "black-breasted turnix", corresponding with its scientific name. The buttonquail species were generally known as "quail" (hence "black-breasted quail" or "black-fronted quail") until the Royal Australasian Ornithologists Union (RAOU) promoted the current usage of "buttonquail" in 1978, which was then universally adopted. The Butchulla people, the traditional owners of K'gari (Fraser Island), know the bird as the mur'rindum bird.
Description
The black-breasted buttonquail is a plump quail-shaped bird with predominantly marbled black, rufous and pale brown plumage, marked prominently with white spots and stripes, white eyes, a grey bill and yellowish feet. The short tail has 12 and the wings are short with round tips. The length ranges from , with females tending to be larger and heavier, weighing , compared to males, which weigh . Like other buttonquails, the female is more distinctively coloured than the male. Its head, neck, and breast are black with a chestnut tinge on the and rear of its , and small white spots on its neck and face forming a moustache and eyebrow-like pattern. The white spots coalesce into bars on its breast, and its are dark grey. The male has a whitish face and neck with black speckles and darker , and a brown-grey crown and nape. Its breast has black and white bars and spots, with red-brown on its flanks and more grey with dark barring on the rest of its underparts. The juvenile resembles the adult male though has a blue-grey iris, duller brown-grey more heavily blotched with black on outer back and and less pale streaks.
The female makes a low-pitched oom call, consisting a sequence of 5-7 notes that last 1.5-2 seconds each, that can be repeated 14-21 (or less commonly 1-4) times. This advertising call cannot be heard more than away, and is only uttered after there has been sufficient rainfall of within a few days. The female whistles quietly to its young. The male makes a range of high staccato and clucking alarm or rallying calls, including an ak ak call when separated from others in its covey. Juveniles have a range of chirping or piping calls to induce feeding or raise an alarm.
The black markings and large size of the female and the dark markings and whitish face of the male distinguish the species from the co-occurring painted buttonquail (Turnix varius). The regurgitated globular pellets of the black-breasted buttonquail have a distinctive hook at the end, in contrast to those of the painted buttonquail, which are more cylindrical and gently curved.
Distribution and habitat
The black-breasted buttonquail is found from Hervey Bay in central Queensland south to the northeastern corner of New South Wales, generally in areas receiving rainfall annually. There had been only 10 reports from New South Wales in the decade leading up to 2009. Fieldwork across the Wide Bay–Burnett region from 2016 to 2018 found it in scattered locations in its suitable habitat from Teewah Beach to Inskip Point on the mainland and along the east coast of near K'Gari. It is found in Palmgrove National Park, which has been identified by BirdLife International as an Important Bird Area for the species. The black-breasted buttonquail was once populous on Inskip Point, with the area a destination for birdwatchers wanting to see this species. Mike West, former president of Birds Queensland, blamed dingoes and wild dogs for wiping out the population.
The bird is rare and its habitat is fragmented. It is found in dry rainforest and nearby areas, as well as bottle tree (Brachychiton rupestris) scrub, lantana thickets, dune scrub, and mature hoop pine (Araucaria cunninghamii) plantations with a closed canopy and developed undergrowth. Many canopy plants such as Acacia species produce abundant leaf litter, which the species forages in. No other buttonquail species lives in its type of habitat.
Behaviour
The black-breasted buttonquail is generally ground-dwelling. It has no hind toe and so cannot perch in trees. If startled, it generally freezes or runs rather than flying.
Breeding
The usual sex roles are reversed in the buttonquail genus (Turnix), as the larger and more brightly-coloured female mates with multiple male partners and leaves them to incubate the eggs. The breeding habits of the species are not well known as both the birds and their nests are difficult to find and monitor. There are conflicting reports on the duration of the breeding season; field observations by John Young in northern New South Wales indicate this is restricted to between October and March, yet there are other reports of chicks year-round, suggesting opportune breeding can take place at any time. Minimum temperatures in the studied areas in New South Wales can drop to in cooler months; reproduction has been known to be inhibited by cold weather in captivity, hence breeding may be related to temperature in this part of its range. For most of the year, the female black-breasted buttonquail forms a covey with one to three males. During breeding season, the female establishes a territory while the males often form small territories within it. Agonistic behaviour between females has been observed but it is unclear how common it is. The female utters drumming calls as courtship, which is answered by clucking from the male.
The nest is a shallow depression measuring scraped out of the leaf litter and ground, lined with leaves, moss and dried vegetation. It is often sited between the buttress roots of a plant, or in a crevice or sheltered by a tree root, and within or near undergrowth vegetation such as lantana (Lantana camara), bracken (Pteridium esculentum) or prickly rasp fern (Doodia aspera). It is not known which sex builds the nest. Three or four shiny grey-white or buff eggs splotched with dark brown-black and lavender are laid measuring . Incubation lasts 18 to 21 days. The hatchlings are precocial and nidifugous, and are able to forage and eat by 8–11 days of age, though parents may feed them for two weeks. By 8–12 weeks, they gain adult plumage and are able to breed at 3 to 5 months old.
Feeding
The black-breasted buttonquail forages on the ground in large areas of thick leaf litter in vine forest, and thickets of vines or lantana. Leaves fall on these areas year-round, with litter layers thick being preferred. A covey of birds scrapes out up to 100 plate-shaped shallow feeding sites, though between 10 and 40 is more usual. The buttonquail makes these by scratching at the ground with alternate legs in a circular pattern moving either clockwise or counterclockwise, creating the depression and pecking for invertebrates in the exposed ground. A 1995 study recovered the exoskeletons of ants, beetles (including weevils), spiders such as jumping spiders and the brown trapdoor spider (Euoplos variabilis), centipedes, millipedes, and snails such as Nitor pudibunda from pellets; the remains of soft-bodied invertebrates were not discernible. A 2018 analysis of faecal pellets revealed beetles, ants and earwigs to be prominent, though the authors concluded the black-breasted buttonquail is a generalist insectivore. Plant material was scant, though this might have been an artefact due to its greater digestibility.
Conservation status
The species is classified as vulnerable on the International Union for Conservation of Nature's Red List. It is listed as vulnerable by the Australian Government under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999. On a state level, it is listed as ‘Vulnerable' under the Queensland Nature Conservation Act 1992 and ‘Endangered' under the New South Wales Threatened Species Conservation Act 1995.
The population has been estimated at as few as 2500 breeding birds and declining, with no single population containing more than 250 individuals. The dry rainforest it lives in, although often adjacent to wet rainforest, is often located outside of national parks and protected areas and is thus at risk from further clearance for agriculture or development. Since European settlement, 90% of its habitat has been lost and much of what is left is fragmented. Furthermore, fieldwork in southeast Queensland showed that it did not forage in remnants under in area. On the mainland, they are also at risk from feral animals such as cats, foxes and pigs, as well as humans, and weeds.
, the Butchulla Land and Sea Rangers are collaborating with researchers on a three-year project aimed at reducing threats to the bird and improving its habitat to ensure survival into the future. In August 2021, they set up 19 cameras on K'gari and five at Inskip Point and Double Island Point, leaving them in place for seven weeks. They saw evidence of damage from feral animals on the mainland, but also saw baby birds, and much evidence of the birds at Rainbow Beach and Inskip Point on the mainland, and Dilli Village and Champagne Pools on the island. They are setting pig and cat traps and managing weeds in the area, and will be doing traditional burns in the winter to manage the risk of bushfire on the island.
References
black-breasted buttonquail
Birds of New South Wales
Birds of Queensland
Endemic birds of Australia
black-breasted buttonquail
Taxa named by John Gould
First India News is a regional news channel based in Rajasthan, India. It was launched in 2013. Rajasthan No 1 Channel along with sister channel Bharat 24 (Vision of New India) is Bollywood-centric Hindi news channel was owned by T-Series (company)
Associated journalists
CMD Mr. Jagdeesh Chandra
Director Mr. Virendra Choudhary
Krishan Kumar_(actor)
Shows
The New JC Show
Big Fight Live
Jawab Toh Dena Padega
Janta Ka Mood
Face to Face
Good Luck Tips
Bhoole Bisre Nagme
Ghoomar Nakhrali
Jungle Live
References
External links
Hindi-language television channels in India
Television channels and stations established in 2012
Hindi-language television stations
Television stations in India
Television channels based in Noida
Television channels and stations established in 2013
2013 establishments in Rajasthan
NCryptoki is a library for .NET Framework that implements the PKCS#11 specifications and supplies an API for C#, VB.NET, Visual Basic 6, Delphi and other COM interop languages for integrating a PKCS#11 compliant token in any application.
NCryptoki maps the cryptoki's functions defined in PKCS#11 specifications in a set of high level .NET classes for C# and VB.NET and proposes a programming paradigm that allows to integrate your PKCS#11 compliant token in your applications with a few lines of code.
NCryptoki supplies also a Silverlight 5 assembly and a COM interface that allows to use the supplied classes in any language that supports COM interop like Visual Basic 6, Delphi, etc.
Main features
Compliant with PKCS#11 2.20 specifications
Compliant with any PKCS#11 smart card/token/HSM
32 or 64-bit platform
.NET Framework 2.0, 3.0, 3.5 and 4.0
Silverlight 5
Java SE 6 or later
COM interface
NCryptoki supplies also a COM interface that allows to use the supplied classes in any language that supports COM interop like Visual Basic 6, Delphi etc.
Programming paradigm
The programming paradigm is very similar to the one described in C programming language in PKCS#11 specifications: the PKCS#11 C functions are mapped into a set of .NET classes that follows the same classification described above.
External links
NCryptoki Home: http://www.ncryptoki.com
.NET Framework software
Microsoft Silverlight
Ina Rilke is a translator who specializes in translating Dutch literature and French literature into English.
Born in Mozambique, they went to school in Porto in Portugal, attending Oporto British School. They studied translation at the University of Amsterdam, where they later taught.
Writers they have translated include Hafid Bouazza, Louis Couperus, Hella Haasse, W. F. Hermans, Arthur Japin, Erwin Mortier, Multatuli, Cees Nooteboom, Connie Palmen, Pierre Péju and Dai Sijie. Rilke has won the Vondel Prize, the Scott Moncrieff Prize and the Flemish Culture Prize. They have also been nominated for the Best Translated Book Award, the Oxford-Weidenfeld Translation Prize, the Independent Foreign Fiction Prize, and the IMPAC Book Award.
Selected translations
Multatuli, Max Havelaar – New York Review Books
Otto de Kat, News from Berlin – MacLehose Press, 2013
Adriaan van Dis, Betrayal – MacLehose Press, 2012
Hella S. Haasse, The Black Lake – Portobello Books, 2012
Otto de Kat, Julia – MacLehose Press, 2011
Cees Nooteboom, The Foxes Come at Night – MacLehose Press, 2011
Hella S. Haasse, The Tea Lords – Portobello Books, 2010
Louis Couperus, Eline Vere – Archipelago, 2010
Judith Vanistendael, Dance by the Light of the Moon – SelfMadeHero, 2010
Erwin Mortier, Shutterspeed – Harvill Secker, 2007
W. F. Hermans, The Darkroom of Damocles – Harvill Secker, 2007
W. F. Hermans, Beyond Sleep – Harvill Secker, 2006
Dai Sijie, Mr Muo and their Travelling Couch – Chatto & Windus, 2005
Pierre Péju, The Girl from the Chartreuse – Harvill, 2005
Adriaan van Dis, My Father's War – Heinemann, 2004
Erwin Mortier, My Fellow Skin – Harvill, 2003
Tessa de Loo, A Bed in Heaven – Arcadia, 2002
Dai Sijie, Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress – Chatto & Windus, 2001
Erwin Mortier, Marcel – Harvill, 2001
Oscar van den Boogaard, Love's Death – Farrar Straus & Giroux, 2001
Arthur Japin, The Two Hearts of Kwasi Boachi – Chatto & Windus, 2000
Hafid Bouazza, Abdullah's Feet – Headline Review, 2000
Connie Palmen, The Friendship – Harvill, 2000
Cees Nooteboom, Roads to Santiago – Harvill, 1997
Margriet de Moor, The Virtuoso – Picador, 1996
Cees Nooteboom, The Following Story – Harvill, 1993
References
External links
Translated by Ina Rilke – official website.
Living people
Dutch translators
University of Amsterdam alumni
University of Amsterdam faculty
Dutch–English translators
20th-century translators
21st-century translators
Year of birth missing (living people)
Juho Pietola (born 6 April 2002) is a Finnish professional footballer, who plays as a defender for Finnish premier division club Ilves.
References
2002 births
Living people
Finnish footballers
Association football defenders
FC Ilves players
A V-twin engine, also called a V2 engine, is a two-cylinder piston engine where the cylinders share a common crankshaft and are arranged in a V configuration.
Although widely associated with motorcycles (installed either transversely or longitudinally), V-twin engines have also been used for industrial engines and in several small cars. The V-twin design dates back to the late 1880s.
Origins
One of the first V-twin engines was built by Gottlieb Daimler in 1889. It was used as a stationary engine, for boats and in the Daimler Stahlradwagen ("steel-wheeled car"), Daimler's second car. The engine was also manufactured under licence in France by Panhard et Levassor.
An early V-twin engined motorcycle was produced in November 1902 by the Princeps AutoCar Company in the United Kingdom. The following year, V-twin motorcycles were produced by Eclipse Motor & Cycle Co in the United Kingdom (the XL-ALL model), Glenn Curtiss in the United States, and NSU Motorenwerke in Germany.
Peugeot, which had used Panhard-built Daimler V-twins in its first cars, began producing its own V-twin engines in the early 20th century. This Peugeot engine powered a Norton motorcycle that won the first Isle of Man TT race in 1907.
Typical design
Crankshaft configuration
Most V-twin engines have a single crankpin, which is shared by both connecting rods. The connecting rods may sit side-by-side with offset cylinders, or have forked and blade connecting rods which avoids the twisting forces caused by having offset cylinders.
Some notable exceptions include a 180° crank pin offset used by the 1935 Moto Guzzi 500cc, a dual-crankpin configuration used by the 1983 Honda Shadow 750, and the 75° crank pin offset (45° offset in the United States) used by the 1987 Suzuki VX 800.
V angle
Although any 'V angle' (the angle between the two banks of cylinders) between zero and 180 degrees is theoretically possible for a V-twin engine, in practice angles smaller than 40 degrees are rarely used. The most common V angle for a V-twin engine is 90 degrees, which can achieve a perfect primary balance (if the correct counterweight is used) like most Ducatis, most Moto Guzzis, the Honda RC51, Suzuki TL1000S and TL1000R. However, this arrangement results in an uneven firing order, with the second cylinder firing 270 degrees after the first cylinder, then a 450 degrees interval until the first cylinder fires again. 90 degree engines are sometimes called L-twin (like the "L" in TL1000R or TL1000S) rather than V-twin.
The alternating longer and shorter gaps between firings produce a characteristic V-twin alternating engine noise "phutphut phutphut phutphut phutphut".
When a V angle of less than 90 degrees is used, perfect primary balance can only be achieved if offset crankpins are used. If not, balance shafts are usually required to reduce the vibration. Vehicles which use engines with V angles of less than 90 degrees include:
20 degrees: 1889 Daimler Steel-wheel car
42 degrees: 1916-1923 Indian Powerplus, 1920-1949 Indian Scout, 1922-1953 Indian Chief
45 degrees: 1909–present Harley-Davidson V-twin, 1990-1997 Suzuki VX 800, 2001-present Suzuki Boulevard C50, 1985-2007 Honda VT1100
48 degrees: 2005-2012 Yamaha MT-01, 1999-present Yamaha XV1600A
50 degrees: 1919-1924 BSA Model E, 1924-1936 Brough Superior SS100, 1929-1940 Matchless Model X, 1936-1955 Vincent Rapide, all Victory Freedom engines
52 degrees: 1997–present Honda Shadow, 1987-present Honda Transalp, 1998-2013 Honda Deauville, 2002-2008 Honda VTX, 2004-2010 Kawasaki Vulcan 2000 series
54 degrees: 2008–present Suzuki Boulevard C109R, 2006-present Suzuki Boulevard M109R
55 degrees: 1985-2006 Kawasaki Vulcan 750, 2006-present Kawasaki Vulcan 900 Classic
60 degrees: 2001-2017 Harley-Davidson VRSC, 1998-2003 Aprilia RSV Mille, 1988-present Yamaha XV250, 2001–present Yamaha DragStar 250, 2015-present Indian Scout
70 degrees: 1988-1998 Suzuki RGV250, 1987-2004 Yamaha Virago 535, 1997-present Yamaha DragStar 650
72 degrees: 1974-1989 Moto Morini 350 & 500 V-twins Voxan 1997-2010
75 degrees: 2005–present Hyosung GT250, 2008-2015 KTM 1190 RC8, 1981-2007 Yamaha Virago, 1998-2008 Yamaha DragStar 1100
80 degrees: 1978-1983 Honda CX series, Rotax 810/660/490 engines
Vehicles which use engines with V angles of greater than 90 degrees include the 1934 Moto Guzzi 500cc (120 degrees) and the 1940-1948 Zündapp KS 750 (170 degrees).
Motorcycles
As per other motor vehicles, the terms longitudinal engine and transverse engine are most often used to refer to the crankshaft orientation relative to the frame. However, some companies use the opposite terminology, stating that a "transverse" V-twin engine has the cylinders mounted on each side of the motorcycle (therefore with the crankshaft running in line with the frame) and that a "longitudinal" V-twin engine has the cylinders at the front and rear. The latter terminology is used by the Italian manufacturer Moto Guzzi.
To avoid such ambiguity, some people use descriptions of "transverse crankshaft engine", "longitudinal crankshaft engine", or "transversely mounted cylinders".
Transverse engine
The most common arrangement is to mount the engine with the crankshaft oriented transversely to the frame. The advantage of this mounting is that the width of the motorcycle can be smaller than a longitudinally-mounted V-twin. A disadvantage of this configuration for air-cooled engines is that the two cylinders receive different air-flows and cooling of the rear cylinder tends to be restricted (although the uneven cooling isn't as pronounced as a parallel-twin engine, where the inner faces of the cylinders are not exposed to any airflow). Some transverse V-twins use a single carburettor in the middle of the V-angle to feed both cylinders. While this avoids the need for two carburettors, it creates further cooling problems for the rear cylinder by placing its hot exhaust port and pipe at the back of the cylinder, where it may be exposed to less cooling airflow.
Transverse V-twin engines have been used by Harley-Davidson, Ducati and many recent Japanese motorcycles, such as the Suzuki SV650. Some Ducati V-twin engines have been marketed as "L-twin" engines, due to the front cylinder being vertical and the rear cylinder being horizontal, thus forming an "L" shape.
Longitudinal engine
A less common arrangement is to mount the engine longitudinally. An advantage of this arrangement is that both cylinder heads can protrude into the air stream, so they can each receive the same amount of cooling (for air-cooled engines). Also, the transmission being located behind the engine is easier to fit within a typical motorcycle frame and, for shaft-drive motorcycles, a 90° bevel gear is not needed at the start of the driveshaft.
As per all longitudinal engines, a disadvantage is that the torque reaction will twist the motorcycle to one side (such as on sharp acceleration/deceleration or when opening the throttle in neutral) instead of shifting the weight balance between the front and rear wheels. However, many modern motorcycles reduce this effect by rotating flywheels or alternators in the opposite direction to that of the crankshaft.
Longitudinal V-twin engines have been used by the Honda CX series and several Moto Guzzi motorcycles.
Automobiles
Most cars are powered by engines with three or more cylinders, however several small cars have been produced with V-twin engines particularly during the period from 1912 to c1920 when cyclecars were made by many companies (due to a favourable tax position). Almost all of these used proprietary engines, either adapting the larger motorcycle engines used for sidecar work (large singles or V-twins), or using engines specifically made for cyclecars such as those made by JA Prestwich Industries ('J.A.P.' engines) or F.E. Baker Ltd ('Precision' engines).
In 1912 Humber produced a light car called the Humberette with a Humber-made V-twin side-valve engine of 998cc. The engine had directly attached clutch, 3-speed gearbox and prop shaft output to a rear differential. Water cooled version of this engine was made available in 1914, but WW1 ended Humberette production in 1915.
From 1911-1939, various Morgan 3-wheelers three-wheeled cyclecar models were powered by V-twin engines. Production of three-wheeler models then resumed with the 2012–present Morgan 3-Wheeler. Also in the United Kingdom, Birmingham Small Arms Company (BSA) produced several cars powered by their V-twin motorcycle engines. These were produced from 1921-1926 (four-wheel models) and 1929-1936 (three-wheel and four-wheel models).
Several manufacturers have produced models inspired by the original Morgan three-wheeled car, such as the 1978–present Triking Cyclecar (using a Moto Guzzi engine), the 2006–present Ace Cycle Car (using a Harley-Davidson engine) and the 1990–present JZR Trikes kit car (using engines from several manufacturers).
Mazda's first car, the 1960-1966 Mazda R360 rear-engined kei car, was powered by the Mazda V-twin engine. The 1961-1962 Mazda B360 front-engined light commercial vehicle used a version of this engine.
Industrial engines
Various V-twin engines have been produced for industrial uses such as pressure washers, lawn and garden tractors, tillers, generators and water pumps. The engines are usually air-cooled with a 90° V angle. Depending on the application, the engine's orientation can be either have a horizontal or vertical crankshaft.
Manufacturers of commercial V-twin engines include Briggs & Stratton with its Vanguard, Professional and Intek V-twin series, Honda with its V-twin series engines, Kawasaki with its FD, FH, FR, FS, and FX series, Subaru with its EH series, Tecumseh with its OV691EA and TVT691 engines, and Kohler.
See also
Flat-twin engine
List of motorcycles by type of engine
Motorcycle engine
Straight-twin engine
References
2
de:V-Motor
The Kansas Barbed Wire Museum is a barbed wire museum located in La Crosse, Kansas, United States, known as the “Barbed Wire Capital of the World.” The museum focuses on barbed wire and its history, displaying over 2,000 different forms of the wire and its history. Barbed wire played a significant role in the history of the settlement of the United States and forever changed the face of the prairie.
The museum was established in 1970 in a small storefront on Main Street in downtown La Crosse, Kansas. By 1990, the collections had grown so much that a new building was constructed adjacent to the Post Rock Museum and Rush County Historical Museum in Grass Park at the south edge of the community. In 2004, an addition was constructed on the building to house the headquarters of the Antique Barbed Wire Society and the Larry Greer Research Center. The Antique Barbed Wire Society is an international organization “committed to collecting, preserving, exhibiting, and interpreting the historical heritage of barb wire and barbed wire related items.” The Larry Greer Research Center houses collections of publications related to the history of barbed wire and a complete collection of patents related to barbed wire and related items. The Kansas Barbed Wire Museum is located at 120 W. 1st Street, La Crosse, KS 67548.
References
Museums in Rush County, Kansas
Rural history museums in Kansas
American West museums
Meichuan () is a town under the administration of the county-level city of Wuxue in extreme eastern Hubei province, China. It lies at the north of the Wuxue city, and was once the administrative center of Guangji County, the predecessor of Wuxue city. Meichuan Reservoir, Meichuan River and some of the south branch of Dabie Mountains locate in Meichuan. Meichuan's main industry includes rice planting, rapeseed planting, beer industry, etc. It is well known for its yam cultivation and production. The most important school in Meichuan is Meichuan Senior High School, which has a history of over 100 years.
Geography
Administrative divisions
, Meichuan administered:
References
Township-level divisions of Hubei
A Certain Young Man is a 1928 comedy film directed by Hobart Henley. The film stars Ramon Novarro, Marceline Day, Renée Adorée, Carmel Myers and Bert Roach. The film is considered lost. A trailer for the film is preserved at the Library of Congress.
Synopsis
An English lord is overly fond of married women.
Cast
Ramon Novarro as Lord Gerald Brinsley
Marceline Day as Phyllis
Renée Adorée as Henriette
Carmel Myers as Mrs. Crutchley
Bert Roach as Mr. Crutchley
Huntley Gordon as Mr. Hammond
Ernest Wood as Hubert
Production
The film was shot in 1926, but was not released until 1928. Sally O'Neil was originally cast as Phyllis but was replaced by Marceline Day.
Joan Crawford, still an ingenue at the time, was considered for that same role, but they were deemed "unsuitable". Castmember Willard Louis died a few months after filming wrapped, and their name was removed from the credits.
Release
A Certain Young Man opened to reviews that were lukewarm at best, and was a financial failure at the box office. Some screenings were preceded by the Technicolor short The Czarina's Secret featuring Sally Rand and Olga Baclanova. The film's release followed on the heels of A Gentleman of Paris with Adolph Menjou, which was based on the same source material and was considered a better adaptation. Novarro's performance was unfavorably compared with that of Menjou by several critics, including Mordaunt Hall of the New York Times, who found the overall film "only mildly amusing and very shallow," though they found Myers "charming" and work by supporting actors Huntley Gordon and Bert Roach "favorable."
Personally, Novarro hated the film and their performance. In an interview in the April 1931 issue of Modern Screen, they said "In acting, in directing, in everything — I want to be 'definite'. Even when I am later proven wrong — it will at least have been so definite that I myself know it. I am responsible for the worst performance that has ever been given on the screen. It was in A Certain Young Man and it was terrible. I am mortally ashamed of it — yet I'd rather have been bad than just fair."
References
External links
1928 comedy films
1928 films
Films directed by Hobart Henley
Lost American films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American silent feature films
Films based on British novels
American black-and-white films
Silent American comedy films
1928 lost films
Lost comedy films
1920s American films
"Wherever I Go" is a song recorded by American pop rock band OneRepublic. It was released on May 13, 2016 through Mosley Music Group and Interscope Records as OneRepublic's first single after a long period of focus on the band's Native Tour, which had been extended in May 2014, resulting in the band's longest period of new releases. The song was revealed and released at the end of a week of teasers, as the lead single from the band's fourth album Oh My My (2016). It was written and produced by lead singer Ryan Tedder, bassist/cellist Brent Kutzle and producer Noel Zancanella. The song was recorded at Revolution Studio, Toronto, Ontario, and Ritz-Carlton, Moscow, Russia, with additional recording at Neptune Valley and Waterloo Studios, Los Angeles in 2015. "Wherever I Go" is a funk rock, synth-pop and new wave music, featuring piano lines and a funk-driven rhythm, with lyrics on obsessive love.
The single debuted at number 67 on the US Billboard Hot 100, before climbing several positions to its peak at number 55, marking the second time that a lead single from the band has not reached the top twenty on the Billboard charts. The song reached the top twenty in several other countries. Upon release, the song received universal acclaim from music critics, being praised for its bold production, danceable beats, unconventional instrumentation and Tedder's vocals. "Wherever I Go" has sold 3 million downloads and was certified double-platinum by the Federazione Industria Musicale Italiana for selling over 100,000 copies in Italy and certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry for selling over 400,000 copies in the UK. At the 2016 Teen Choice Awards, the song was nominated in the Choice Rock Song category.
The "Wherever I Go" music video, directed by Joseph Kahn accompanied the song's release. Following the aesthetic presented on the cover of the single, created by Brazilian street artist Speto, the video's theme is based on a quote from Henry David Thoreau's 1854 book Walden: "The mass of humankind lead lives of quiet desperation", and focuses on a day in the life of a Korean business person (Kenneth Choi), stuck in their daily routine. The video scored several accolades; was nominated in the EMA's Best World Stage Performance category at the 2016 MTV Europe Music Awards and the Los 40 International Video of the Year category at the LOS40 Music Awards 2016.
Background and release
The single's promotional campaign began in April 2016, when OneRepublic published several Easter egg postcards involving the first single from their upcoming fourth album, Oh My My. On May 2, 2016, all the teasers were completed, and with that fans discovered the name of the song that would serve as the first single from OneRepublic's new album. Two days later, on Instagram, the band posted the single's working artwork, confirming "Wherever I Go" as the band's entry into their new era. The song was released to streaming services on May 13, with a premiere via iHeartRadio on May 12.
Composition and lyrics
"Wherever I Go" was written and produced by Tedder, Kutzle and Zancanell, and runs for 2 minutes and 49 seconds, the shortest single OneRepublic have released. The song features piano lines and a funk-driven rhythm, marking a new style for the band. Explaining why it was important the lead single be different from the rest of the new album, Ryan Tedder said to Wonderland, "I think it's gonna be shocking, kind of the first response anyone has is their eyes are kind of spread open like ‘Oh my god'. It's not indicative of the entire album but it's kind of like if you go have dinner, you don't order steak for an appetizer and steak for dinner. You split it up, and you have different things. So the first single... it's definitely an appetizer, I think it's the best appetizer we could come up with."
Tedder sings here of not being able to find a love to match one that they once had. This previous relationship will always remain a "ghost in the room," whenever they get together with a new girl. Tedder explained the song is about "obsession, and almost an unnatural, unhealthy level of obsession."
Speaking on BBC Radio 1, Tedder discussed how hard OneRepublic worked to make the song sound fresh and current, but still organic. "It's hard as an actual band to evolve and still keep the humanity in the instruments," they said. "So it's tricky. You wanna hear the bass player, you wanna hear the drummer, but you want it to sound modern at the same time. So it took...ages to crack that code." Speaking to NME, Ryan Tedder explained the background to the song's different sound: "We were listening to a lot of late '90s French and Italian disco records - stuff like Daft Punk, Cassius, Justice," they said. "We were also listening to a lot of Miike Snow and Mew and I became obsessed with the shape of those Scandinavian melodies, because they're so different to American gospel and other things that we've done. And so it was a combination of chasing those records with songs that are very bass and riff-driven that led us to 'Wherever I Go.'"
In a Twitter Q&A with fans about the band's new album, Tedder said that "Wherever I Go" was the hardest song to write and took the longest to finish for Oh My My.
Critical reception
Upon release, "Wherever I Go" received universal acclaim from music critics. NMEs Nick Levine called it the "their slinkiest, funkiest single ever. With this song, Tedder sits like a genuine contender for the title of 'Most In Demand Man In Music'". Dana Getz of Entertainment Weekly wrote that "Wherever I Go" is "a powerful funk-punctuated blast of a track with steam kettle squeals and a come-to-Jesus hook". Idolator writer Robbie Daw first impressions were "The first word that comes into mind while listening is “dramatic.” And then, right when the song builds up to its booming climax, it ends". David Watt of All-Noise praised the band's eclecticness in totally changing its characteristic sound and bringing something unique to the song, saying "although OneRepublic has recorded a lot of music, they have never recorded anything like this before. Ryan has also done a great job with vocals, making “Wherever I Go” nearly perfect", also highlighting the different vocals and production than usual, "the production is EVERYTHING – it's fresh, and it's exciting. And THAT combined with Ryan's perfect, on-the-money vocals offers a killer equation".
Lewis Corner from Digital Spy called the song "a anthem", and saying "everything just seems, well, bigger. The taut guitar lines are aching for a stadium outing, the thudding kick beat will make your feet twitch, and the pounding piano line is Ryan Tedder on fine form. While past OneRepublic songs have been polished up to a gleam, here the separate strands feel a little unruly. The band's aim to sound more live is effective, and the build up almost mirrors the energy of an EDM banger, but without coming across as synthetic". Rob Copsey from Official Charts said the song is a "stadium pop-rock stomper", writing "the track has many of the hallmarks of a OneRepublic hit".
Commercial performance
Music video
The music video premiered on May 17, 2016, directed by Joseph Kahn and produced by Jil Hardin. Within the video, actor Kenneth Choi plays a business person who faces an uneventful, colorless world of black, white and gray on a daily basis. However, upon meeting a woman, played by actor Yvonne Lu, whom they presumably fall in love with, they subsequently put down their briefcase, symbolising the idea of them leaving their regular, insipid characteristics behind him. They begin to elaborately dance, an action usually not associated with business. Their coworkers look at them aghast before also joining in. Still, they cannot woo over the woman they are interested in. It takes discovering a secret passageway containing the band performing to transform their life into color. When they step back into the office after watching the band sing, everything becomes vivid and colorful, with the office transformed to a 1970s motif. In the end, it is shown that it was all just a daydream, with them still in the lift, staring at the woman they want. The music video currently has 99.44 million views.
Incidentally, the video features Three-time National YoYo Champion Alex Hattori.
Live performances
The day before the premiere of "Wherever I Go", OneRepublic performed the song on the tenth season of The Voice. The band performed the song live for the first time after its release on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on May 19, 2016, in Rockefeller Center, New York City. Five days later, the band returned to the stage to perform the song on season 10 of Britain's Got Talent. Six days later, the band returned to the stage to perform the song again as part of BBC Radio 1's Big Weekend 2016.
Track listing
Digital download
"Wherever I Go" – 2:49
Digital download — remix
"Wherever I Go" (Danny Dove club edit) – 4:57
CD single
"Wherever I Go" – 2:49
"Wherever I Go" (Instrumental) – 2:49
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from CD single liner notes.
Personnel
Ryan Tedder – songwriter, producer
Brent Kutzle – songwriter, producer
Noel Zancanella – songwriter, producer
Rich Rich – engineer
Steve Wilmot – engineer
Matthew Tryba – assistant engineer
Mark "Spike" Stent – mixer
Matty Green – assistant engineer for mix
Geoff Swan – assistant engineer for mix
Chris Gehringer – mastering
Recording
Recorded at Revolution Studio, Toronto, Ontario; and Ritz-Carlton, Moscow, Russia
Additional recording at Neptune Valley and Waterloo Studios, Los Angeles, California
Mixed at Mixsuite, United Kingdom
Mastered at Sterling Sound, New York City
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
Footnotes
References
2016 songs
2016 singles
OneRepublic songs
Songs written by Ryan Tedder
Songs written by Noel Zancanella
Songs written by Brent Kutzle
Song recordings produced by Ryan Tedder
Interscope Records singles
Mosley Music Group singles
Music videos directed by Joseph Kahn
Krivov or Kryvov (, from кривой meaning crooked) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Krivova or Kryvova. It may refer to
Andrei Krivov (born 1976), Russian football player
Andrey Krivov (born 1985), Russian race walker
Stepan Krivov (born 1990), Russian ice hockey player
Valeriy Kryvov (1951–1994), Ukrainian volleyball player
Russian-language surnames
The Syrian Revolution Coordinators Union or (SYRCU) () is an organization with members from different protest coordination groups from all around Syria. Its members represent their areas and cities for the activities of the Syrian uprising that began in 2011 against the Syrian government. The Syrian Revolution Coordinators Union'' has been active since the beginning of the revolution in peaceful resistance
The Union includes more than 216 coordination groups, local council and group of activists of the protests in Syria. It aims to "end to the ruling of the 40-years-old al-Assad family ruling Syria, particularly after that government started using lethal force against peaceful protest asking for reform and freedom in May 2011 in the southern Syrian city of Daraa". The SRCU aims to "build Syria as country of democracy and rule of law; where civil and human rights are obeyed by citizens and authorities".
Supporting Social Journalism
The Union has helped a number of individual activists and social journalists to relay the news about their areas by providing basic equipment and training.
Projects
Syrian FM opposition radio station.
The ROP Project (Will be launched soon)
Humanitarian & Medical Work
The Syrian Revolution Coordinators Union has conducted, through its local humanitarian and medical member groups, many humanitarian activities and field hospitals equipment. Particularly since the government's activities has practically disabled the work of any Syrian or foreign NGOs to help injured people and refugees. The SRCU has provided through donors inside and out Syria a number of food boxes, shift clinic equipment and medical supplies to different areas in distress.
Since the beginning of the Syrian uprising against the government, any civilian or protester injured by the regime forces, army or Shabiha militias will have to be treated by volunteer medics or doctors in improvised sites, houses or dedicated shift clinics. Equipping and hiding field treatment locations has been one of the most threatening and resources consuming task during the uprising. The government security forces in a number of occasions used local paid informants to locate and destroy treatment locations equipped by the SRCU.
SYRCU Approach
The Syrian Revolution Coordinators Union (SYRCU) is a civilian, non-for-profit entity that gathers coordinators of anti-government protests from all around Syria.
The SYRCU claims it believes in "protests, strikes, social campaigns, civil disobedience and other non-violent tools as the most efficient ones to achieve the goal of the Syrian revolution". The SYRCU also believes that this is the best life-saving approach in the Syrian people struggle to achieve democracy and build Syria as a country for everyone to share, rather than just a single family to control, i.e. Assad Family.
Even though we the SYRCU does not take up arms to for their cause, they still believe in the legitimacy of the fight that defected officers and soldiers, ex-military personnel and other have decided to take. Those people who are now called the Free Syrian Army (FSA) have seen families murdered in cold blood in front in their own eyes and decided that they should defend their neighborhoods, families and property using a lethal forces that is so little compared to that used by the Assad family government.
The Syrian Revolution Coordinators Union (SYRCU) believes that medical care and humanitarian aid should be provided to any one in need regardless of their belonging. This even applies to arrested soldiers who were just fighting to the Assad government's side. They also believe and approve of the International conventions in this regard, including but not limited to the four Geneva Conventions and the three protocols agreed upon after them.
The SYRCU also believes that the international community, represented by its major entities like the United Nations, the Arab League and others, are and should be always responsible for making everyone who commits crimes against the Syrian people become accounted by the law. They have supported all the plans presented by the international community in such context including the initiative by Kofi Annan that aimed to end the violence and release all prisoners.
Considering all the plans that have been presented, the SYRCU has made it clear several times before that it aims for exactly the same points. The SYRCU believe in its rights to keep its social movement and refuse any dialogue with the government before it withdraws the army from the cities, release all political prisoners and activists, confess to the crimes it did and become prepared to hand over the power in Syria.
See also
Syrian Revolution Network
Local Coordination Committees of Syria
Syrian Revolution General Commission
Supreme Council of the Syrian Revolution
References
External links
www.SYRCU.org - Official website of the Syrian Revolution Coordinators Union
Facebook page of the Syrian Revolution Coordinators Union
@syrcu- Twitter of the Syrian Revolution Coordinators Union
Organizations of the Syrian civil war
Political opposition organizations
2011 establishments in Syria
Syrian opposition
Syrian democracy movements
Lewis Jamieson (born 17 April 2002) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Airdrieonians, on loan from St Mirren. They have previously played for Clyde and Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Youth career
Born in Scotland, Jamieson spent their youth career with St Mirren U20 from the age of 17.
Career
St Mirren: 2019-present
Jamieson signed their first senior contract with St Mirren F.C. in 2019. They were included in squad of St Mirren to take part in the 2019-20 Scottish Premiership season. Despite making it to the squad, Jamieson missed out to make any league appearance of the club in the season. Jamieson made four appearances for the club in the Scottish League Challenge Cup that season. Jamieson stayed at St Mirren for the 2020-21 Scottish Premiership season. Jamieson made their league debut against Rangers FC on 9 August 2020 as a substitute for Cameron MacPherson in the 85th minute of the match. The match ended 3–0 to Rangers. Jamieson made their Scottish League Cup debut against Partick Thistle F.C. on 7 October 2020 as a substitute for Jonathan Obika in the 84th minute of the game. The match ended 4–1 to St Mirren.
Clyde (loan)
Jamieson was loaned to Scottish third tier club Clyde FC in March 2021. They played their debut match for the club on 20 March against East Fife, which they lost 1–3.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle (loan)
In July 2021 Jamieson was loaned for the 2021–22 season to Scottish Championship (second tier) club Inverness Caledonian Thistle. They made twelve appearances and scored three goals in all competitions for the club before being recalled by St Mirren on 25 January 2022.
Clyde (2nd loan)
On 25 January 2022, Jamieson returned to Clyde on loan until the end of the season, and would make their 2nd debut on the same day.
Airdrieonians (loan)
On July 27 2022, Jamieson joined Airdrieonians on loan.
Career statistics
References
External links
Lewis Jamieson at ESPN
Lewis Jamieson at Sky Sports
Lewis Jamieson at Global Sports Archive
Lewis Jamieson at Fox Sports
Lewis Jamieson at Football Critic
2002 births
Living people
Scottish footballers
St Mirren F.C. players
Scottish Professional Football League players
Association football forwards
Clyde F.C. players
Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C. players
Airdrieonians F.C. players
Eleni Daniilidou and Casey Dellacqua are the defending champions, having won the event in 2012. Dellacqua chose not to defend their title; Daniilidou partnered up with Coco Vandeweghe, but they lost in the quarterfinals.
Maria Sanchez and Nicola Slater won the title, defeating Gabriela Dabrowski and Sharon Fichman in the final, 4–6, 6–3, [10–8].
Seeds
Draw
References
Draw
Aegon Trophy - Women's Doubles
2013 Women's Doubles
Nacala-a-Velha District is a district of Nampula Province in north-eastern Mozambique.
The area of the district is 1,720 km2. It is bounded on the north by Memba District, on the northwest by Nacaroa District, on the east by Monapo District, on the south by Mossuril District, on the southeast by Nacala District, and on the east by Fernao Veloso Bay.
The population of the district is 106,543 (2012 census).
The district is divided into two administrative posts (postos), Nacala-a-Velha (pop. 80,155), and Covo (pop. 26,387).
References
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Nampula Province
Deepak Ohri (born 9 February 1968) is an author, entrepreneur, business leader, public speaker, lecturer, and mentor.
Biography
Ohri graduated from the Institute of Hotel Management and the Indian Institute of Management. They started their career at the Indian Tourism Development Corporation. Ohri's early tenure included hospitality groups: Kempinski Hotels and Taj Hotels.
Ohri has lectured at the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore (IIMB) & ISB Hyderabad, INSEAD and Harvard Business School, Columbia University, NYU Stern School of Business, MIT Sloan, INSEAD and Florida International University. They also provide mentorship to business students.
In 2019 Deepak Ohri was named a World's Leading Travel Personality, a recognition granted by the World Travel Awards.
International Hospitality Institute selected Deepak Ohri as one of the Global Top Most Inspirational Executives in Travel and Hospitality.
Deepak Ohri co-created and co-designed Luxury Incubator Project for the MBA Program at Florida International University. The Luxury Incubator Project was co-designed with Anna Pietraszek, Director of Global Operations and Marketing Faculty at FIU. The project is first of its kind offered by the university.
In May 2022, Deepak Ohri joined the World Happiness Foundation as an Advisory Board Member and created a Happiness Office at lebua assuming additional responsibilities as a Chief Happiness Officer (CHO).
In July 2022, Deepak Ohri was recognized as a global leader in luxury and International Hospitality Institute named Ohri as one of the 100 Most Powerful People in Global Hospitality.
Deepak Ohri is an author of a book: A Bridge Not Too Far, Where Creativity Meets Innovation. Their book is adopted as case-study teaching material for the executive education courses and was selected as the Top 25 Best Global Marketing books.
Deepak Ohri is an inventor of Ohri Luxury Index, a tool that measures emotional experience in luxury and how such knowledge can elevate a value of a luxury brand.  They are the president of Luxury Atelier Maison Happiness (LAMH ), a luxury consulting company that prepares and delivers executive-level training courses in luxury marketing and management, one-on-one well-being sessions, and executive retreats for the global business leaders, companies, and students.
The business case study: lebua: A Thai Luxury Hotel's Post-Pandemic Dilemmas, published by Ivey Publishing (July 2022) demonstrates Ohri's approach to managing and marketing the luxury market and properties, and their strategic vision in a time of crisis.
The Experiential Immersion by Deepak Ohri, a brand-new education opportunity based on experiential learning techniques developed by Ohri, was designed for the Faculty Professional Development Program in International Business in collaboration with the Pino Global Entrepreneurship Center and CIBER (Center for International Business Education and Research) at FIU.
Koktail Magazine and Thailand's Favorite Restaurants Guide 2022 recognized Deepak Ohri for their contribution to Thailand's Hospitality Industry with the Thailand's Best award.
Notable speaking events
INSEAD Business School of the World, Paris
Harvard Kennedy School, US
Harvard Business School
New York Times International Luxury Conference
WTTC, Brazil
WTTC, Thailand
WTTC, Spain
Entrepreneurial Summit of IIM Bangalore, India
India Conference, Harvard
India Conference, Columbia Business School
INSEAD Global Luxury Forum, Switzerland
World Travel and Tourism Council, Japan
Global Tourism Economy Forum, China
The Economy Hotels World Asia Conference, Singapore
Real Estate Funds and Emerging Markets Conference, NYC
The Financial Times Business of Luxury Summit, LA
Worldwide TRI*M Conference, New York
Forbes Global CEO Conference, Singapore
Cityscape Conference, Singapore
World Travel and Tourism Council Global Travel and Tourism Summit.
“Entrepreneurship Through the Eyes of Luxury” Pino Global Entrepreneurship Center at FIU Business, Florida International University
"Innovate the Innovation" - Entrepreneurial Approach to Innovation with Real Madrid
“Expanding Horizons: The Hospitalitization of the Real Estate Industry,” Wertheim Lecture Series by FIU's Hollo School of Real Estate
"Creating Global Community, Taking Students Out of the Classroom: An Experiential Learning and Inclusiveness Approach" Academy of International Business Conference (AIB), Miami 2022
"Digital Marketing Analytics for Today's World" Keynote and Guest of Honor at Amity University Uttar Pradesh, in collaboration with Indian Technical & Economic Cooperation (ITEC) program of the Ministry of External Affairs of India, September 2022
Executive MBA Consortium - Global Business Innovation - International Week 2022 - Keynote Speaker
TV interviews
Bloomberg High Flyers with Deepak Ohri
Koktail Conversations with Nigel Oakins Episode 2 Deepak Ohri, CEO of Lebua Hotels
BBC The CEO EDIT with Deepak Ohri
CNBC - Deepak Ohri on TOURISM IN THAILAND
References
Indian chief executives
1968 births
Living people
Indian hoteliers
Indian Institute of Management Bangalore alumni
Over Worton is a hamlet in Oxfordshire, about south of Banbury and east of Chipping Norton. Over Worton was a separate civil parish until 1932, when it was merged with Nether Worton to form the current civil parish of Worton.
Archaeology
Just north of Holy Trinity parish churchyard is an Anglo-Saxon hlaew (barrow), about in diameter and high. It is a Scheduled Ancient Monument. Worton has the remains of a medieval village cross. In the 20th century it was restored as the parish war memorial.
Manor
The Domesday Book records that until 1066 one Leofgeat held the manor of Ortune, probably at what is now Nether Worton. After the Norman Conquest of England an estate of three hides and half a yardland at Worton passed to William the Conqueror's half-brother Odo of Bayeux. By 1086 there were 15 households consisting of 10 smallholders and five villagers.
Parish church
Over Worton has had a parish church since at least the 13th century. The earliest known record of it is from 1254. It had a Norman font, which is now in St John's church, Hempton. In the 1820s Over Worton's curate was the evangelical priest Walter Mayers, who in the 1800s had taught classics at Great Ealing School in what was then Middlesex. Their pupils had included John Henry Newman, who then went up to Oxford University. In 1824 Newman was ordained as a Church of England deacon at Christ Church Cathedral, Oxford. It was at Over Worton in 1824 that Newman preached their first sermon, and thereafter served on several occasions. In the 1840s the curate was William Wilson, an evangelical whose family had owned the manor of Over Worton since 1799. In the 1840s Wilson had the medieval church demolished and the present Church of England parish church of the Holy Trinity built in its place. It is a Gothic revival building, designed by the architect JM Derick and completed in 1844. The north tower was added in 1849 and has two bells. In the churchyard east of the chancel is a pair of stone medieval coffin lids that may be a remnant from the previous church. Other remnants are a memorial tablet and effigy inside the present church. The tablet is in memory of the lawyer Edmund Meese, who died in 1617. The effigy is of a late 16th- or early 17th-century lawyer, and may also represent Edmund Meese. Until 2015 Holy Trinity was part of a single benefice with St James' church, Nether Worton. In March 2015 Nether Worton and Over Worton parishes became part of the Benefice of Westcote Barton with Steeple Barton, Duns Tew and Sandford St. Martin and Over with Nether Worton, also called the Barton Benefice.
References
Sources
External links
Villages in Oxfordshire
West Oxfordshire District
The ASF Loan Identification Number Code (LINC) is a global identification code that can be used as a unique ID for financial accounts. Its use is specifically aimed at loans that are pooled and sold into capital markets, in order to improve the ability to track the loans throughout their life. The ID captures underlying loan type, origination date and country of origin, as well as randomized alphanumeric data. The codes are stored in a central loan data repository administered by S&P Valuation and Risk Strategies.
See also
Financial crisis of 2007–08
External links
ASF press release
ASF and S&P Loan Identification Number Code structure
Unique identifiers
Elmar Albrecht (14 May 1915 – 3 November 1997) was a German painter and scenic designer.
Life
Born in Munich, after an internship at the Bayerische Staatsoper, Albrecht began studying at the Königliche Kunstgewerbeschule München in the applied arts class for scenic and costume art taught by Emil Preetorius. From 1938 to 1939, they were assistant to the head of set design at the Bavarian State Opera. They then worked as the first stage designer at the Theater Freiburg, and from 1948 as a freelance artist in Munich. After the end of the war and captivity, they worked as a freelance artist and stage designer in Munich from 1948.
Albrecht had three children: Arwed Albrecht (1940 – 2017); Angèle Albrecht (1942 – 2000) and Gabriele Holm-Petersen (b. 1944).
Work
From the family tradition as a court gilder, Albrecht had skills that they used in the development of their picture panels from the material of the gilding compound. The relief structures were optionally covered with gold and silver leaves and then alienated. The works since 1948 can primarily be attributed to the style of "Informel", in whose way of thinking Albrecht was anchored.
Many of their themes refer to the mythological world of antiquity. In many pictures there are quotations and allusions to forms of Egyptian or also Greek and Roman antiquity.
Parallel to this, Albrecht repeatedly worked as a freelance stage designer for various productions. For example, they designed the set and costumes for Heinrich von Kleist's The Broken Jug, they designed the set for Carl Orff's Greek tragedy Prometheus at the Munich Marionette Theatre. For the Deutsches Theater München they designed the stage set for Schiller's Intrigue and Love (1962)
They specialised in the restoration of old paintings in theatres. For example, they restored the ceiling of the auditorium in the Nationaltheater München, the ceiling of the auditorium in the Munich Staatstheater am Gärtnerplatz (1969), the Garden Hall and the "Gelbe Foyer" of the Munich Prinzregententheater (1988) and the ceiling and rank draperies of the Theater Koblenz. At the Wilhelma-Theater Stuttgart, the only theatre in Germany with Pompeian decoration, they restored the balustrades and proscenium slogen in 1987. They realised the redesign from found coloured, albeit incomplete, design drawings by Ludwig von Zanth and from comparisons with related pictorial programmes.
In the reading room of the Munich Maximilianeum, Albrecht, together with Klaus Staps, reconstructed murals lost through damage in 1986: the paintings of William III of Orange, Gustav I of Sweden, Cardinal Richelieu and Maximilien de Béthune, Duke of Sully. As the original frescoes no longer existed, they were replaced by new creations that fit in with the ductus of the existing paintings.
Albrecht died in Berlin at the age of 82.
Exhibitions
Albrecht's work has been shown in numerous solo and group exhibitions in Germany, Belgium and Switzerland.
1961: Munich, Galerie Deutscher Bücherbund, 20 April – 18 May 1961
1965: Antwerp, Kunstkamer
1966: Ascona, Galerie Schindler
1966: Brüssel, Galerie le Zodiaque.
1967: Bern, Galerie Schindler.
1968: Marburg, Galerie Heide Elmar Albrecht – Bildtafeln, 14 December 1968 – 15 January 1969
1970: Brüssel, Deutsche Bibliothek
1970: Minden, Galerie der Commerzbank
1972: Deurle, Musée de la fondation J. Dhondt-Dhaenens à Deurle, 17 September – 15 October 1972
1972: Puurs, Galerie der Continental Foods Werke
1973: Brüssel, Cultureel Centrum van Brüssel, 5 – 21 January 1973, introduction Geo SEMPELSS
1973: Kuurne, Galerij Estetika, 17 March – 1 April 1973
1995: Germering, Stadthalle.
1995: Munich, Ostfoyer Prinzregententheater, Retrospektive 10 – 24 March 1995
2006: Munich, Galerie im Augustinum Illusion. Dekoration. Abstraktion.
Honours
1991: Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany.
References
Further reading
Bildtafeln / Elmar Albrecht. Vorwort von Elmar Stolpe. Munich, Schottenheim & Gieß, ca. 1992.
Hans Kiessling: Maler der Münchner Kunstszene 1955-1982. EOS Verlag, ,
TV reports
Bericht zur Neugestaltung und Restaurierung des Maximilianeums, ARD, Bayerisches Fernsehen, Abendschau 1985
Dötsch, Regina: Abendschau-Journal: Theatermaler E. Albrecht, Bayerisches Fernsehen, 6 September 1988 (Report on the 73rd birthday of Elmar Albrecht, in particular on the redesign of the Garden Hall and Foyer at the Prinzregententheater in Munich.)
External links
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German scenic designers
Recipients of the Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
1915 births
1997 deaths
Artists from Munich
Tamasha is a traditional form of Marathi theatre
Tamasha may also refer to:
Tamasha (ablution), an ablution ritual in Mandaeism
Tamasha, Iran, a village in Karasht Rural District
Tamasha (1952 film), a Hindi-language romantic comedy film
Tamasha (2015 film), a Hindi-language romantic comedy film
Tamasha (soundtrack)
Thamaasha, a 2019 Malayalam-language film
Tamasha, a 2022 pakistani reality show
Automation Studio is a circuit design, simulation and project documentation software for fluid power systems and electrical projects conceived by Famic Technologies Inc.. It is used for CAD, maintenance, and training purposes. Mainly used by engineers, trainers, and service and maintenance personnel. Automation Studio can be applied in the design, training and troubleshooting of hydraulics, pneumatics, HMI, and electrical control systems.
Two versions of the software exist:
Automation Studio Professional
Automation Studio Educational
The educational version of Automation Studio is a limited feature version used by engineering and technical schools to train students who are future engineers or technicians. The software is designed for schools that teach technical subjects such as industrial technologies, mechatronics, electromechanical technologies, electrical & electronics, automation, and maintenance. Modeling and simulation are used to illustrate theoretical aspects.
Libraries
Automation Studio has various symbol libraries. All libraries follow standards such as ISO, IEC, JIC and NEMA.
Hydraulics
Hydraulic Manifold Block
Pneumatics
Electrical (IEC & NEMA standards)
Fluid Power & Electrical Component Sizing
Valve Spool Designer
OPC communications server
Bill of Materials & Report
PLC Ladder Logic
HMI & Control Panel
Digital Electronics
Sequential Function Chart (GRAFCET)
Electrical Controls
Multi-Fluid Simulation
Teachware
Manufacturer's Catalogue
Workflow Manager
Block Diagram (Math) Workshop
CANBus
Communication Interface with Unity 3D
System Analysis (FMECA)
Library features
Automation Studio is used as a design and simulation tool in the fields of hydraulics, pneumatics, electrical and automation.
Automation Studio Hydraulics
Automation Studio Hydraulics' functions are used for hydraulic system engineering purposes. Automation Studio Hydraulics includes a specific symbol library and uses modeling techniques such the Bernoulli's law and the gradient method.
Automation Studio Hydraulics is the main aspect of Automation Studio: it is used to conceive and to test hydraulic systems while taking into account thermal parameters. It displays inside views of the elements in the schematics. The Automation Studio library includes additional elements such as commands and control devices (PID controller, CAN bus, and servo-direction).
Fluid power is one of the central elements in such simulation.
Automation Studio Pneumatics
Automation Studio Pneumatics is similar to Automation Studio Hydraulics, but the simulation is done for air rather than fluids. This library, like Automation Studio Hydraulics, is used to design and test models.
Thus, the simulation elements that are used are not the same as those in the hydraulics library.
Automation Studio Electrotechnical
The electrotechnical module in Automation Studio is used for design, simulation, validation, documentation and troubleshooting of electrical diagrams. It includes multi-line and one-line representation according to the users' choice. The different aspects of the IEC and NEMA international standards are respected: components' identification, symbols, ratings, ports names, ... etc.
The electrotechnical module works simultaneously with the fluid power technologies which allows the users to design and simulate complete systems.
Versions
Automation Studio Professional
1996-2000: 1.0 to 3.0.5.1 (Windows 98, 2000, Me, XP, NT 4.0);
2003-2004: 4.0, 4.1, 5.0, 5.1, 5.2 (Windows 2000, XP, NT 4.0);
2005-2006: 5.3, 5.4 (Windows 2000, 2003, XP);
2007: 5.5 (Windows XP, Vista);
2008: 5.6 (Windows XP, Vista);
2009: 5.7 (Windows XP, Vista);
2011: 6.0 (Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8);
2014: 6.1 (Windows 7, Windows 8);
2016: 6.2 (Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, Vista);
2017: 6.3 (Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, Vista);
2019: 6.4 with service release (SR) 1, SR2, SR3(Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, Vista);
2021: 7.0 with SR1 and SR2 (Windows 8.1, Windows 10);
2022: 7.1 with SR1 (win10, win11);
Automation Studio Educational
2002-2005: 4.0, 4.1, 5.0, 5.1, 5.2 (Windows 2000, XP, NT 4.0);
2006: 5.3 (Windows 2000, 2003, XP);
2008: 5.6 (Windows XP, Vista);
2009: 5.7 (Windows XP, Vista);
2014: 6.1 (Windows 7, Windows 8);
2016: 6.2 (Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, Vista);
2017: 6.3 (Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, Vista);
2019: 6.4 (Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, Vista);
2021: 7.0 (Windows 8.1, Windows 10);
2022: 7.1 with SR1 (win10, win11);
External links
Automation Studio Professional Edition
Automation Studio Educational Edition
References
Simulation software
Robin Hemley, born in New York City, is an American nonfiction and fiction writer.  They are the author of fifteen books, and has had work published in The New York Times, New York Magazine, Creative Nonfiction, Brevity, Conjunctions, The Sun, and Narrative, among others. In 2020, they joined the faculty of Long Island University, where theirs is Director and Polk Professor in Residence of the George Polk School of Communications.
Life and career
Robin Hemley was born to a Jewish family. Their father, Cecil Hemley, was co-founder, with Arthur A. Cohen, of Noonday Press. Their mother, Elaine Gottlieb Hemley, published fiction and poetry.
Hemley graduated from Indiana University Bloomington with a B.A. in comparative literature and from the University of Iowa with an MFA in Fiction. They earned a PhD in creative practice from the University of New South Wales in 2020.
Their writing awards include three Pushcart Prizes in fiction and nonfiction, first place in the Nelson Algren Award for Fiction from The Chicago Tribune, and the Independent Press Book Award for Nonfiction.
At Western Washington University, they edited The Bellingham Review for five years and founded the Tobias Wolff Award for Fiction and the Annie Dillard Award for Nonfiction. In 2004, they began teaching at the University of Iowa where they were hired as the Director of the Nonfiction Writing Program, and since 2000 they have taught at Vermont College of Fine Arts, where they served as Faculty Chair for three years. At the University of Iowa, they founded the NonfictioNOW Conference in 2005.
From 2013 to 2019, they were the Director of the Writing Program, Writer-in-Residence, and Professor of Humanities at Yale-NUS College in Singapore.
They live in Brooklyn, is married, and has four daughters.
Selected works
Fiction
The Mouse Town and Other Stories (Word Beat Press, 1987)
All You Can Eat (Atlantic Monthly Press, 1988)
The Last Studebaker, a novel (Graywolf Press, 1992)
The Big Ear, stories (Blair, 1997)
Reply All: Stories (Indiana University Press, 2012)
Non-fiction
Nola: A Memoir of Faith, Art, and Madness (Graywolf Press, 1998)
Invented Eden: The Elusive, Disputed History of the Tasaday (Bison Books, 2003)
Extreme Fiction: Fabulists and Formalists, with Michael Martone (Pearson Education, 2003)
Do-Over! In which a forty-eight-year-old father of three returns to kindergarten, summer camp, the prom, and other embarrassments (Little, Brown and Company, 2009)
A Field Guide for Immersion Writing: Memoir, Journalism, and Travel (University of Georgia Press, 2012)
I'll Tell You Mine: Thirty Years of Essays from the Iowa Nonfiction Writing Program, editor, with Hope Edelman (University of Chicago Press, 2015)
Turning Life into Fiction (Chinese edition, Renmin University Press, 2018)
Borderline Citizen: Dispatches from the Outskirts of Nationhood (University of Nebraska Press, 2020)
The Art and Craft of Asian Stories: A Writer's Guide and Anthology, with Xu Xi (Bloomsbury Publishing, 2021)
Short stories
"All Good Things are Surprises" (Narrative, 2007)
References
External links
University of Iowa department bio
Hemley's interview with Steve Paulson on To the Best of Our Knowledge on Wisconsin Public Radio
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American male writers
Writers from New York City
Jewish American novelists
20th-century American novelists
Indiana University Bloomington alumni
Iowa Writers' Workshop alumni
University of North Carolina at Charlotte faculty
Western Washington University faculty
University of Iowa faculty
Vermont College of Fine Arts faculty
American memoirists
21st-century American Jews
Kenneth O'Rourke (born 8 December 1949) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as a forward for Colchester United.
Career
Born in Lambeth, London, O'Rourke showed great promise as an apprentice at Leyton Orient, leading to Arsenal signing them at the age of 17 in February 1967. Failing to make a first-team appearance for the Gunners, they were released by the club at the end of the 1967–68 season after scoring 12 goals in 42 youth games, joining Ipswich Town on a two-month trial. They again failed to make the grade at Ipswich, joining neighbours Colchester United on a similar trial period in October 1968.
Whilst with Colchester, O'Rourke made their first and only Football League appearance in a 2–0 Fourth Division defeat to Swansea City at Vetch Field on 23 November 1968. They also made one other appearance for the U's in the FA Cup, a 5–0 thrashing of Chesham United in the first round one week prior to their league debut.
O'Rourke was released at the end of their trial period, joining Bedford Town and later the Metropolitan Police for several years after becoming a police officer, playing in the Southern League.
References
1949 births
Living people
Footballers from Lambeth
English footballers
Association football forwards
Leyton Orient F.C. players
Arsenal F.C. players
Colchester United F.C. players
Bedford Town F.C. players
Metropolitan Police F.C. players
English Football League players
Southern Football League players
Beverly Farms station is an MBTA Commuter Rail station in the Beverly Farms village of Beverly, Massachusetts. Located at the intersection of Oak Street and West Street, it serves the Newburyport/Rockport Line. The 1898-built station building is still present but no longer used for railroad purposes. The station has two side platforms serving the line's two tracks, each with a mini-high section to make the station accessible.
History
The Eastern Railroad opened its Gloucester Branch to Manchester on August 3, 1847, and to Gloucester on December 1. An intermediate station was located at West Beach (West Street at Hale Street). It was a flag stop established by Eastern Railroad president David A. Neal, an early resident of the village of Beverly Farms.
Around 1879, West Beach station was replaced with Beverly Farms station, located to the west adjacent to the village center. In 1898, the Boston and Maine Railroad replaced it with a larger hip-roofed depot. The ticket office in the station building closed on February 22, 1952. The freight house was demolished the year after. The station building was closed in 1958 and renovated for commercial use. A group of friends paid $8,000 for the building and spent $22,000 to convert it for use as a country store. A travel agency began using the space in 1962. It was used as a country store by 1977.
References
External links
MBTA - Beverly Farms
View of station on Google Maps Street View
MBTA Commuter Rail stations in Essex County, Massachusetts
Stations along Boston and Maine Railroad lines
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1847
In spring and summer 1864 Fort Blair, Fort Henning and Fort Insley were constructed to help protect the town and post of Fort Scott from Confederate forces. Fort Insley was named for Capt. Martain H. Insley. It was located just northeast of town, about 1½ blocks northeast of the main part of the post of Fort Scott. It overlooked Buck Run Creek.
Each blockhouse was built of sawed wood slabs or thick boards, which were covered with rough boards. Each had a wood shingle roof and had ports for aiming rifles and small cannon. Each was two stories tall. Each blockhouse was surrounded by log palisades covered on the outside by earthworks, which in turn were surrounded by wide, deep ditches.
Fort Insley was the largest of the blockhouses, measuring twenty by thirty feet. It was garrisoned by a detachment from the 6th Kansas and served as an ammunition storehouse. The three blockhouses helped protect Fort Scott in October 1864 when Maj. Gen. Sterling Price retreated south during their failed invasion of Missouri (see Price's Missouri Raid). They hoped to overrun Fort Scott, but retreated without a fight.
After the Civil War Forts Henning and Insley were torn down. Fort Scott itself closed in October 1865.
References
Insley
Buildings and structures in Bourbon County, Kansas
Closed installations of the United States Army
1864 establishments in Kansas
James Sharpe (1846 – October 30, 1935) was an English-born merchant and political figure in Ontario, Canada. They represented Parry Sound electoral district in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal member from 1890 to 1894.
They were born in Huntingdonshire, England, in 1846 and came to the Parry Sound area in 1871. Sharpe was the first reeve of Burk's Falls and operated a general store there. They were defeated in the 1894 election.
External links
The Canadian parliamentary companion, 1891 JA Gemmill
1846 births
1935 deaths
Ontario Liberal Party MPPs
People from Parry Sound, Ontario
Fabiola (UK title: The Fighting Gladiator) is a 1949 Italian language motion picture historical drama directed by Alessandro Blasetti, very loosely based on the 1854 novel Fabiola by Nicholas Patrick Wiseman. The film stars Michèle Morgan, Henri Vidal and Michel Simon. It tells the story of the Roman Empire in which Christianity is growing around the 4th century AD. An unofficial remake, The Revolt of the Slaves (La Rivolta degli Schiavi), was released in 1960, with Lang Jeffries and Rhonda Fleming, only with Rhual's name changed to Vibio.
Plot
In ancient Rome a love story blossoms between Fabiola, daughter of a senator, and Rhual, a gallic gladiator. When Fabiola's father is killed, the Romans blame the Christians and the persecution begins. Rhual confesses to be a Christian and is accused of the murder and sentenced to fight to death in the arena.
312 AD. Rhual, a young and athletic Gaul, is invited to take part in the gladiator games at the seaside villa of Senator Fabius Severus, near Rome. Secretly, Rhual is an agent of Emperor Constantine who wishes to establish Christianity in the Roman Empire, and Fabius is leading a movement for religious tolerance and the freeing of slaves. In the villa gardens Rhual meets and falls in love with a beautiful girl whom they later discovers to be Fabiola, the senator's daughter. Fabius is murdered during the night by reactionary politicians opposed to Christianity, and the Christians are blamed for the murder. Fabiola suspects Rhual to be one of the Christian assassins, but at their trial they appear in their defence. However, the Christians together with Rhual are found guilty and sentenced to death in the arena. So begin the persecutions during which many Christians are killed or imprisoned. The centurion Sebastian of the Praetorian Guard, denounced as a Christian, dies as a martyr. Fabiola obtains Rhual's freedom, but they at first rejects them The situation is redeemed, however, when Fabiola declares themselves to be on the side of the Christians and joins them in the arena, thereby indicating they were not responsible for their father's death. Rhual is forced to fight several gladiators, but does not attempt to kill them. Eventually, the gladiators follow their example and throw down their arms. Meanwhile, the advance troops of Constantine arrive at the city walls and there is a general uprising. Peace returns to Rome, and the imperial banners display the sign of Christ.
Principal cast
Michèle Morgan as Fabiola
Henri Vidal as Rual
Michel Simon as Fabio
Louis Salou as Fulvio
Elisa Cegani as Sira
Massimo Girotti as Sebastiano
Gino Cervi as Quadrato
Sergio Tofano as Luciano
Rina Morelli as Faustina
Paolo Stoppa as Manlio Valerio
Carlo Ninchi as Galba
Franco Interlenghi as Corvino
Guglielmo Barnabò as Antonio Leto
Aldo Silvani as Cassiano
Silvana Jachino as Lucilla
Goliarda Sapienza as Cecilia
Virgilio Riento as Pietro
Ludmilla Dudarova as Giulia
Gabriele Ferzetti as Claudio
Nerio Bernardi as Imperial messenger
Reception
The film earned an estimated $1,050,000 in rentals at the US box office in 1951.
See also
List of historical drama films
List of films set in ancient Rome
References
External links
Fabiola at Films de France
Fabiola at Variety Distribution
1949 films
1940s historical films
Italian historical films
French historical films
Italian epic films
French epic films
Peplum films
French black-and-white films
Italian black-and-white films
Films based on British novels
Films directed by Alessandro Blasetti
Films set in ancient Rome
Films set in the Roman Empire
Films set in the 4th century
Religious epic films
Films with screenplays by Suso Cecchi d'Amico
Films with screenplays by Cesare Zavattini
Sword and sandal films
Films scored by Enzo Masetti
1940s Italian films
1940s French films
The Beulah Landfill Superfund Site is a 101-acre site located in Escambia County, Florida,
about 10 miles northwest of downtown Pensacola, Florida. The site is surrounded by pine woods in all directions but the south. It is lying undeveloped, and in use as a model airplane field. A timber company owns a majority of the surrounding property which it uses as timber farms.
History
Escambia County used the landfill 1950–1984. The landfill was operated in two sections, bisected by the Coffee Creek, with the northern section accepting normal municipal waste. The southern section initially accepted industrial waste. This waste was buried in unlined cells, anywhere between four and thirty five feet deep. In 1968, the southern section began accepting domestic sludge and sewage, and municipal sludge leftover from wastewater treatment operations. This waste was buried in unlined holding and drying ponds, which were later filled with construction and demolition debris when they became saturated. The ponds were covered over in 1976, however the following year sludge was again deposited on top of the ponds. Before to the landfill was closed in 1999, the site's northern and southern sections were run separately. In 1980, a Florida Department of Environmental Regulation inspection of the site observed leachate from the site flowing into the Coffee Creek. The site closed as a landfill in 1984. The site was on the National Priorities List in 1990 but was deleted in 1998.
Contamination
In 1990, on-site contaminants at "probable health concern levels" included lead, thallium, benzene, chloroform, chlordane, and polychlorinated biphenyls. The contaminants could easily drain out of the property, with part of the site built on easily draining sand from the original course of the Coffee Creek, and six ten-inch drainage pipes drained directly into the nearby Eleven Mile Creek. Waste had also been released into the creek due to several ruptures of the containing clay berm in the past.
References
Escambia County, Florida
Superfund sites in Florida
1950 establishments in Florida
1999 disestablishments in Florida
Shen Lun ( 909 – 16 November 987, courtesy name Shunyi), known as Shen Yilun before 976, was a scholar-official who successively served the Later Han, Later Zhou and Song dynasties. They were one of the Song dynasty grand councilors between 973 and 982.
Emperor Zhenzong's Consort Shen was their granddaughter.
During the Five Dynasties
Early in their career, Shen Yilun studied the "Three Rites" (Rites of Zhou, Book of Rites, and Etiquette and Ceremonial) and taught these classics between Luoyang and Sōng Prefecture to support himself. During Later Han, they joined the staff of Bai Wenke (), the prefect of Shǎn Prefecture.
In 954 during the Later Zhou, Shen Yilun was referred by a friend and became a retainer to general Zhao Kuangyin, then a military governor administering Hua Prefecture, Xǔ Prefecture, and Sòng Prefecture. Shen was able to manage the finances of all 3 prefectures, and had an incorruptible reputation.
During the Song dynasty
In February 960, Zhao Kuangyin usurped the Later Zhou throne and founded the Song dynasty. At that time, Shen Yilun was a mere surveillance circuit judge stationed in Sòng Prefecture, but now that their former boss had become the emperor, they were summoned to the capital (and their hometown) Kaifeng and made director of the Census Bureau.
In early 962, returning from a diplomatic trip to Song's tributary state Wuyue, Shen offered more than 10 recommendations to the new emperor, all of which were accepted. One of recommendations was loaning out grain from military granaries to relieve the mass starvation Shen witnessed in Si and Yang Prefectures. Shen argued that peasants would repay the loan come harvest time in the autumn. However, another minister soon objected:
"If starvation continues, where would the repayment come from? And who would be accountable for that?"
To which Shen responded:
"A nation should govern humanely. This will automatically ensure peace, prosperity and a ripe harvest."
Zhao Kuangyin was pleased with the reply and ordered government officials in Huainan Circuit to dispense grain to starved people.
In 962, Shen was made a supervising secretary. The following spring they were made fiscal commissioner of Shaanxi Circuit. When the Song dynasty invaded the Later Shu in 964, Shen was in charge of the military finances.
Notes and references
900s births
987 deaths
Later Zhou politicians
Later Han (Five Dynasties) politicians
Song dynasty politicians from Henan
Song dynasty chancellors
People from Taikang County
Song dynasty Buddhists
Politicians from Zhoukou
Zarajec Potocki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Zarajec Potocki
James Martin Ayres (born 18 September 1980) is an English former footballer who played as a central defender. They played in the Football League for Luton Town and in non-League football for Stevenage Borough, Dagenham & Redbridge, Kettering Town, Hitchin Town and Braintree Town.
References
External links
James Ayres profile at Aylesbury United
1980 births
Living people
English footballers
Footballers from Luton
Luton Town F.C. players
Stevenage F.C. players
Dagenham & Redbridge F.C. players
Kettering Town F.C. players
Enfield F.C. players
Hitchin Town F.C. players
Braintree Town F.C. players
National League (English football) players
Isthmian League players
Association football central defenders
Wait till the Sun Shines, Nellie is a 1952 film drama directed by Henry King, sharing the name of a popular song. Starring Jean Peters and David Wayne, it charts the life of an Illinois family between the 1890s and 1920s.
Plot
Expecting to honeymoon in Chicago and live there, newlywed Nellie is disappointed when they and Ben Halper disembark from their train at a small town in Illinois, where they have chosen to live and run a barber shop.
Ben lies to their wife, claiming the shop is only rented, as is their home, when they have actually purchased both. Nellie gives birth to their two children, but wants so much to see Chicago that when Ben is away, they accept an offer from Ed Jordan, a hardware store owner, to visit the big city together. In a train wreck, Nellie is killed.
The thought that their wife might have been unfaithful haunts Ben over the coming years. Their children grow up, and Ben Jr. decides against their father's wishes to go to Chicago as a dancer in a vaudeville act.
Ben becomes a grandfather and their son serves in World War I, where they are injured and can no longer dance. Ben Jr. takes a job with a Chicago racketeer named Mike Kava, to their father's shame. One day, both Ben Jr. and their boss are gunned down by machine guns.
An elderly Ben Halper looks back on their life with regret, their greatest remaining pleasure being that their granddaughter, Nellie, grows up to strongly resemble the woman they long ago married.
Cast
Jean Peters as Nellie Halper
David Wayne as Ben Halper
Hugh Marlowe as Ed Jordan
Albert Dekker as Lloyd Slocum
Helene Stanley as Eadie Jordan
Tommy Morton as Benny Halper, Jr.
Joyce MacKenzie as Bessie Jordan
Alan Hale, Jr. as George Oliphant
Richard Karlan as Mike Kava
William Walker as Robert Waverly Ferris
References
External links
1952 films
20th Century Fox films
Films scored by Alfred Newman
Films directed by Henry King
Films set in Illinois
Films set in the 1890s
Films set in the 1900s
Films set in the 1910s
Films set in the 1920s
1950s historical drama films
American historical drama films
1952 drama films
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
Loch Restil; is a freshwater loch that lies in the pass between Glen Croe and Glen Kinglas on the Cowal peninsula, Argyll and Bute, West of Scotland. One of the main roads to the west of Scotland coast, the A83, passes Loch Restil. The burn that flows from Loch Restil is one of the feeds of Kinglas Water, in Glen Kinglas, which flows under the Butter Bridge.
Loch Restil lies within the Argyll Forest Park which is itself a part of the Loch Lomond and The Trossachs National Park.
References
External links
British Lakes Info - website
Sabre-Roads.org.uk: Butter Bridge
Argyll Forest Park - website
Loch Lomond and The Trossachs National Park - website
Cowal
Restil
Restil
Trio for Blunt Instruments is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout, published in 1964 by the Viking Press in the United States and simultaneously by MacMillan & Company in Canada. The book comprises three stories:
"Kill Now—Pay Later", serialized in three issues of The Saturday Evening Post (December 9, 16 and 23–30, 1961)
"Murder Is Corny", previously unpublished; the last Nero Wolfe novella to be written, and the last published in Stout's lifetime
"Blood Will Tell", first published in Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine (December 1963)
Reviews and commentary
Jacques Barzun and Wendell Hertig Taylor, A Catalogue of Crime — Of these, the first is a compendium of all the author's merits—a fast tale of double murder, drama, conflict with officialdom, banter about love, and a violent ending on Wolfe's premises, where the vulnerable hero is a refugee. The second has agricultural elements that do not go well with the quasi-sexual drama; and the third is a premeditated crime rather simply untwisted. Archie is good throughout."
Anthony Boucher, The New York Times (May 17, 1964) — This time they offer, in addition to two solidly admirable specimens, one that may well be the finest Nero Wolfe case of the past decade. By no means fail to read "Blood Will Tell" — and look forward (like me) to even more impressive mastery from Mr. Stout when they reach their eighties.
John Canaday, The New York Times (May 28, 1964) — Rex Stout, who gives their birth date as Dec. 1, 1886, is either the victim of false records or the beneficiary of a biological aberration, eternal youth. Their new New Wolfe threesome, Trio for Blunt Instruments, keeps them right where they have been for so long — on top of the heap and the liveliest of all detective fiction writers.
Publication history
1964, New York: The Viking Press, April 24, 1964, hardcoverIn their limited-edition pamphlet, Collecting Mystery Fiction #10, Rex Stout's Nero Wolfe Part II, Otto Penzler describes the first edition of Trio for Blunt Instruments: "Orange cloth, front cover and spine printed with blue rules; the front cover printed with blue lettering; the spine is printed with black lettering; rear cover blank. Issued in a mainly red pictorial dust wrapper."In April 2006, Firsts: The Book Collector's Magazine estimated that the first edition of Trio for Blunt Instruments had a value of between $150 and $300. The estimate is for a copy in very good to fine condition in a like dustjacket.The "concept-driven" dustjacket designed by Bill English was cited by graphic design scholar Steven Heller for its spare use of color, sans-serif typography and use of the entire front and back cover area.
1964, New York: Viking (Mystery Guild), June 1964, hardcoverThe far less valuable Viking book club edition may be distinguished from the first edition in three ways:
The dust jacket has "Book Club Edition" printed on the inside front flap, and the price is absent (first editions may be price clipped if they were given as gifts).
Book club editions are sometimes thinner and always taller (usually a quarter of an inch) than first editions.
Book club editions are bound in cardboard, and first editions are bound in cloth (or have at least a cloth spine).
1965, London: Collins Crime Club, January 1965, hardcover
1967, New York: Bantam #F-3298, January 1967
1997, New York: Bantam Crimeline January 1, 1997, paperback
1997, Newport Beach, California: Books on Tape, Inc. October 31, 1997, audio cassette (unabridged, read by Michael Prichard)
2010, New York: Bantam Crimeline July 21, 2010, e-book
References
External links
1964 short story collections
Nero Wolfe short story collections
Viking Press books
Barry Alan Audia (born August 1, 1957) is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1980 to 1987. They began their boxing career in the early 1970s and turned professional in 1980. Their ranking as a boxer peaked in the mid-1980s at number 7 in the world.
Boxing career
A native of Pennington Gap, Virginia, Audia had about 100 fights as an amateur. They turned pro in 1980. Audia fought notable boxers such as Errol Christie, Giovanni Bovenzi, and Thomas Hearns as an amateur.
On May 24, 1984, they defeated an undefeated Thomas Smith in the main event of a nationally televised card on ESPN to improve to a 21–0 record. They suffered their first defeat in their following fight against Giovanni Bovenzi in July.
Life after boxing
After their last successful fight against Gary Thomas in Bristol, Tennessee, Audia officially resigned as a professional boxer. They now runs and operates Audia's Boxing Gym in Pennington Gap, VA.
In 1989, they met their present wife Paula. The couple married in 1991. They had a son, Barry Alan Audia II.  They are now a 6th grade science teacher and high school golf coach in Lee County, Virginia, where Audia was born and has resided for most of their life.
References
External links
Living people
1957 births
American male boxers
Light-middleweight boxers
Boxers from Virginia
People from Pennington Gap, Virginia
Daniel Matthew O'Brien (born September 26, 1990) is an American gridiron football assistant coach with the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League (CFL). As a professional quarterback, they had been a member of the Columbus Lions, Ottawa Redblacks, Edmonton Eskimos, and BC Lions. They played college football for the University of Maryland, University of Wisconsin and Catawba College.
Early years
O'Brien was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and at the age of 12, moved to Kernersville, North Carolina, where they attended East Forsyth High School. During their interscholastic career, they played basketball and football as a quarterback. As a junior in 2007, they completed 151 of 248 pass attempts for 1,905 yards and 15 touchdowns and rushed for 290 yards and seven touchdowns. As a senior, they completed 117 of 235 pass attempts for 1,640 yards and 16 touchdowns and six interceptions and had 160 rushing attempts for 780 yards and 11 touchdowns. That season, they led their team to the Metro 4A conference championship and the third round of the state playoffs.
Rivals.com rated them a three-star college prospect and ranked them the 36th best quarterback in the nation and 35th best player in the state of North Carolina. Scout.com also rated them a three-star prospect. Miami, North Carolina, North Carolina State, Notre Dame, Wake Forest, and Virginia Tech showed interest in O'Brien, and Duke, East Carolina, and Maryland offered them an athletic scholarship.
College career
Maryland
O'Brien enrolled at the University of Maryland in the fall of 2009 but was redshirted and did not see playing time that year. O'Brien entered the 2010 season as the backup quarterback behind Jamarr Robinson. They saw their first action in the season opener against Navy, losing a fumble on their only play of the game. In the second game of the season, O'Brien saw their first serious action against Morgan State. Up 24–0 in the second quarter, O'Brien capitalized by throwing 3 touchdowns in their first four passes before giving way to third string Quarterback, C.J. Brown in the 62–3 win. Against West Virginia, O'Brien again only saw one play of action, getting sacked for a five-yard loss. Robinson's sore arm moved O'Brien into the starting role against Florida International. In the first start of their college career, O'Brien passed for 250 yards and two touchdowns with no interceptions. O'Brien shattered all significant Freshman quarterback records at the University of Maryland, passing for 2,438 yards and 22 touchdowns. In addition, they rushed for a twelve-yard touchdown against Virginia and collected a four-yard touchdown reception against Clemson. During the 2010 season, the Atlantic Coast Conference named O'Brien the ACC Rookie of the Week a total of five times. Upon the conclusion of the season, they were named the ACC Rookie of the Year. O'Brien was the first Maryland player to ever receive the honor. The Football Writers Association of America named O'Brien to its Freshman All-America team.
Wisconsin
On February 13, 2012, O'Brien announced they would be transferring from the University of Maryland. O'Brien announced on March 28 that they would transfer to the University of Wisconsin, and on August 20 they were named the starter for Wisconsin's season opener against the Northern Iowa Panthers. On September 20, Wisconsin head coach Bret Bielema replaced O'Brien with redshirt first-year student Joel Stave, citing problems with turnovers. After Stave suffered a season-ending injury during the October 27 game against the Michigan State Spartans, O'Brien remained the backup behind fifth-year senior Curt Phillips.
Catawba College
On June 10, 2013, it was announced that O'Brien would not be returning to Wisconsin and would instead seek another school for their remaining year of eligibility. It was later announced that O'Brien transferred to Catawba College. During their 2013 season with Catawba, O'Brien started ten games while passing for 2,490 yards with 15 touchdowns and six interceptions. The team finished with a 6–5 record. O'Brien also played in the 2014 Medal of Honor Bowl, a postseason all-star game, passing for 87 yards (5-for-11) and rushing for a touchdown.
Statistics
Sources:
Professional career
After being undrafted in 2014, they were offered a tryout at rookie minicamp with the Atlanta Falcons. However, O'Brien was not signed.
Columbus Lions
On May 27, 2014, O'Brien signed with the Columbus Lions of the Professional Indoor Football League (PIFL).
Ottawa Redblacks
On the day before their first game for the Lions, O'Brien signed with the Ottawa Redblacks of the CFL on May 31, 2014. O'Brien was placed on the exempt list for the PIFL, and began the season as the third QB on the Redblacks depth chart. A season-ending injury to second-string quarterback Thomas DeMarco allowed O'Brien to see action during the 2014 CFL season. Danny O'Brien played in eight games in their first season in the CFL, receiving significant playing time in two of those games. They would finish the season completing 29 of 54 passing attempts for 421 yards, with 2 touchdowns and 5 interceptions (53.1 passer rating).
Edmonton Eskimos
After winning the Grey Cup with the Redblacks in 2016, O'Brien signed with Edmonton Eskimos for the 2017 CFL season, reuniting them with former offensive coordinator and Edmonton Head Coach Jason Maas, and replacing the retired Jordan Lynch as the third quarterback, as well as holder for convert kicks and field goals. On August 11, 2018, O'Brien completed their first pass in nearly two years, on a fake field goal to defensive tackle Almondo Sewell. By the season's end they had completed four out of five passes for 44 yards; their one incompletion was an intercepted Hail Mary pass in at the end of a game. After going 15 of 26 for 93 yards in two preseason games to begin the 2019 season, and failing to produce a scoring drive, Logan Kilgore won the backup job and O'Brien was released. When asked about O'Brien's release, Edmonton kicker, Sean Whyte simply replied, "It sucks". O'Brien was the final member of the previous season's quarterback room to leave the team in 2019.
BC Lions
Following the preseason, O'Brien was reunited with Mike Reilly as their backup when they signed with the BC Lions. After Reilly suffered a season ending injury near the end of the regular season O'Brien made their starting debut for the Lions in Week 19 in a losing effort against the Saskatchewan Roughriders. In the game O'Brien completed 16 of 25 pass attempts for 171 yards with one touchdown and one interception. They retired during the following off-season.
References
External links
Ottawa RedBlacks bio
ESPN profile
1990 births
Living people
American football quarterbacks
Canadian football quarterbacks
Catawba Indians football players
Maryland Terrapins football players
Wisconsin Badgers football players
People from Kernersville, North Carolina
Players of American football from Minneapolis
Columbus Lions players
Ottawa Redblacks players
Edmonton Elks players
American players of Canadian football
BC Lions players
BC Lions coaches
Sports coaches from Minneapolis
Players of Canadian football from Minnesota
OntoLex is the short name of a vocabulary for lexical resources in the web of data (OntoLex-Lemon) and the short name of the W3C community group that created it (W3C Ontology-Lexica Community Group).
OntoLex-Lemon vocabulary
The OntoLex-Lemon vocabulary represents a vocabulary for publishing lexical data as a knowledge graph, in an RDF format and/or as Linguistic Linked Open Data. Since its publication as a W3C Community report in 2016, it serves as ``a de facto standard to represent ontology-lexica on the Web´´. OntoLex-Lemon is a revision of the Lemon vocabulary originally proposed by McCrae et al. (2011).
The core elements of OntoLex-Lemon, shown in Fig. 1, are:
lexical entry: unit of analysis of the lexicon, groups together one or more forms and one or more senses, resp. concepts. Can provide additional morphosyntactic information, e.g., one part of speech. Note that every lexical entry can have at most one part of speech, for representing groups of lexical entries with identical forms but different parts of speech, see the lexicography module.
lexical form: surface form of a particular lexical entry, e.g., its written representation
lexical sense: word sense of a particular lexical entry. Note that a OntoLex-Lemon senses are lexicalized, i.e., they belong to exactly one lexical entry. For elements of meaning that can be expressed by different lexemes, use lexical concept.
lexical concept: elements of meaning with different lexicalizations. A typical example are WordNet synsets, where multiple synonymous words are grouped together in a single set.
Aside from the core module (namespace http://www.w3.org/ns/lemon/ontolex#), other modules specify designated vocabulary for representing lexicon metadata (namespace http://www.w3.org/ns/lemon/lime#), lexical-semantic relations (e.g., translation and variation, namespace http://www.w3.org/ns/lemon/vartrans#), multi-word expressions (decomposition, namespace http://www.w3.org/ns/lemon/decomp#) and syntactic frames (namespace http://www.w3.org/ns/lemon/synsem#).
The data structures of OntoLex-Lemon are comparable with those of other dictionary formats (see related vocabularies below). The innovative element about OntoLex-Lemon is that it provides such a data model as an RDF vocabulary, as this enables novel use cases that are based on web technologies rather than stand-alone dictionaries (e.g., translation inference, see applications below). For the foreseeable future, OntoLex-Lemon will also remain unique in this role, as the (Linguistic) Linked Open Data community strongly encourages reusing existing vocabularies and as of Dec 2019, OntoLex-Lemon is the only established (i.e., published by W3C or another standardization initiative) vocabulary for its purpose. This is also reflected in recent extensions to the original OntoLex-Lemon specification, where novel modules have been developed to extend the use of OntoLex-Lemon to novel areas of application:
OntoLex-Lemon Lexicography Module, published as a W3C Community Group Report, extends OntoLex-Lemon with respect to requirements from digital lexicography.
OntoLex-Lemon Morphology Module, as of Dec 2019 under development, aims to facilitate multilinguality with the formalization of morphological dictionaries in OntoLex-Lemon, esp., for morphologically rich languages
OntoLex-Lemon Module for Frequency, Attestation and Corpus Information, as of Dec 2019 under development, aims to facilitate uses of OntoLex-Lemon in computational lexicography and natural language processing
Updates to LexInfo: LexInfo provides data categories for OntoLex-Lemon data. The current version is Lexinfo 3.0, older versions (prior to 2019) still depended on the older Monnet-Lemon vocabulary.
Applications
OntoLex-Lemon is widely used for lexical resources in the context of Linguistic Linked Open Data. Selected applications include
OASIS Lexicographic Infrastructure Data Model and API (LEXIDMA), a framework for internationally interoperable lexicographic work
European public multilingual knowledge infrastructure
LexO, a collaborative web editor used for the creation and management of (multilingual) lexical and terminological resources as linked data resources
VocBench, a web-based, multilingual, collaborative development platform for managing ontologies, thesauri, lexicons and RDF data
The Lexicala API by K Dictionaries that provides access to cross-lingual lexical data of 50 languages and 150 language pairs.
DiTMAO, a lexicographic editor developed for creating the Dictionary of Old Occitan medico-botanical terminology
a series of Shared Tasks on Translation Inference Across Dictionaries (TIAD-2017, TIAD-2019, TIAD-2020)
DBnary, RDF edition of 16 language editions of Wiktionary
PanLex, a large-scale lexical network of about 2,500 dictionaries and more than 500 languages
Princeton WordNet 3.1, a large-scale, hierarchically and relationally structured lexical resource for English
Global WordNet Association, a community effort to produce, maintain and interlink multilingual WordNets
BabelNet, a large-scale multilingual lexical network
LiLa, a knowledge base of linguistic resources for Latin based on a large lexicon consisting of a collection of citation forms
OntoLex development is regularly addressed in scientific events dedicated to ontologies, linked data or lexicography. Since 2017, a designated workshop series on the OntoLex module is conducted biannually.
Related vocabularies
Related vocabularies that focus on standardizing and publishing lexical resources include DICT (text-based format), the XML Dictionary eXchange Format, TEI-Dict (XML) and the Lexical Markup Framework (abstract model usually serialized in XML; the Lemon vocabulary originally evolved from an RDF serialization of LMF). OntoLex-Lemon differs from these earlier models in being a native Linked Open Data vocabulary that does not (just) formalize structure and semantics of machine-readable dictionaries, but is designed to facilitate information integration between them.
References
External links
OntoLex-Lemon specification
OntoLex-Lemon lexicography module
OntoLex GitHub repository
Vocabulary
Mantas Adomėnas (born 1 October 1972) is a Lithuanian classicist and politician. They were first elected to the Seimas in 2008 and served until 2020. They earned a Ph.D. degree in classics from the University of Cambridge. Their best known work is probably the article The Fluctuating Fortunes of Heraclitus in Plato.
Adomėnas was designated as the Vice Chairman of the Homeland Union in 2017. They ran for a Seimas seat as an independent in 2020 and lost but was selected as deputy minister of foreign affairs in December 2020 by Gabrielius Landsbergis.
Influence peddling, other allegations
While Vice Chairman of Homeland Union Adomėnas was stripped of party membership in 2018 after being found guilty by party governance organs of influence peddling for MG Baltic, a business conglomerate with perceived Russian connections, with the aim of facilitating “capture of the party” by the business group.
It has also been alleged, and admitted by Adomėnas, that their wife had organized crime connections in their youth in Kaunas while running an antiques business there, specifically to and theirs circle.
Support for Taiwan, Hong Kong independence
Adomėnas is a supporter of Taiwan and Hong Kong independence movements. They organized a rally with slightly over 100 participants on 23 August 2019, during the 2019–20 Hong Kong protests, in solidarity with a protest in Hong Kong named the "Baltic Way". During the rally, Adomėnas decried a group of about a dozen counter-protesters as having been "hired".
Since March 2021 Adomėnas has been member of Lithuania-Taiwan Forum, an NGO supporting Taiwan independence. Gintaras Steponavičius, accused in the Liberal Party bribery case on behalf of MG Baltic, is also part of the initiative.
Adomėnas led Lithuania's decision to open Taiwan's de-facto embassy in Lithuania in 2021 which resulted in unprecedented breakdown of China-Lithuania relations. Taiwan is recognized by a small handful of countries and has been found bribing foreign politicians to gain recognition on multiple occasions in the past.
References
Members of the Seimas
Politicians from Vilnius
1972 births
Living people
Lithuanian scholars of ancient Greek philosophy
Alumni of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge
Vilnius University alumni
Members of the International Steering Committee of the Community of Democracies
21st-century Lithuanian politicians
Ivan Meshchaninov (24 November 1883 – 16 January 1967) was a Soviet linguist and ethnographer.
Biography
Born at Ufa, they graduated from the Faculty of Law at the University of St Petersburg in 1907 and then briefly studied at Heidelberg University before taking up archaeology back at St Petersburg, graduating in 1910. They headed the archives of Institute of Archaeology until 1923 focussing on cataloguing the Elamite antiquities there. Between 1925 and 1933 they led a number or archaeological expeditions to the Northern Pontic region and Transcaucasia.
They became a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, as a historian, in 1932 and was director of the Peter the Great Museum of Anthropology and Ethnography from 1934 to 1937.
Institute of Language and Thought
Meshchaninov was a follower of Nikolay Yakovlevich Marr and succeeded them as head of the Soviet Institute of Language and Thought from 1935 to 1950. They advocated that material culture goes through developmental stages and that migratory changes were secondary in this process. They published A New Theory in Languages, a guide to Marrism, and later Verb and Parts of Speech and Phrase Elements. As a linguist, however, Meshchaninov did not adhere straightforwardly to the radical Marrism, but rather tended to reconcile its ideas with a more objective historical linguistics and typology. They advocated the idea of notional categories that is also found in Otto Jespersen's works, studied polysynthetic languages and syntax.
Then in 1948 a move against the Anti-Marrists was initiated, in which however it was not Meschaninov themselves who played a major role, but rather younger Marrists as Fedot Filin, depicting such people as Viktor Vinogradov and Aleksandr Reformatskii as "bourgeois idealists". While the last Marrist campaign was successful in Leningrad, they met resistance amongst linguists in Moscow, and also from the Caucausian linguists. Among linguists who resisted Marrism were Boris Serebrennikov, Arnold Chikobava, Rachia Acharyan, and Grikor Kapantsyan.
In 1950 they were denounced by Joseph Stalin: "The Arakcheyev regime was set up by the 'disciples' of N. Y. Marr." This term, derived from the tsarist military officer Aleksey Arakcheyev (1768–1834), means a regime having "... a policy of extreme reaction, police despotism and crude militarism". However Stalin stated that they "did not question the honesty of Comrade Meschaninov and others", which resulted in that Meschaninov lost their position at the Institute of Language and Thought but continued carrying out research and held all their titles, medals and honours. Following Stalin's death they became active in linguistics again and re-edited their major works.
They died in Leningrad in 1967.
References
1883 births
1967 deaths
Writers from Ufa
Linguists from Russia
Ethnographers
Full Members of the USSR Academy of Sciences
Burials at Serafimovskoe Cemetery
20th-century linguists
Machaze District is a district of Manica Province in western Mozambique. The principal town is Machaze. The district is located in the south of the province, and borders with Mossurize District in the north, Chibabava District of Sofala Province in the northeast, Machanga District of Sofala Province in the east, Mabote District of Inhambane Province in the south, Massangena District of Gaza Province in the southwest, and with Zimbabwe in the west. The area of the district is . It has a population of 104,608 as of 2007.
Geography
The two main rivers in the district are the Save River, which makes the border of the district with Gaza and Inhambane Provinces, and the Buzí River.
The climate in the west of the district is tropical dry, with the annual rainfall varying between and . In the east of the district the climate is tropical wet and dry, with the annual rainfall up to .
History
In the 15th century, the area was settled by Ndau people who moved out of the Rozwi Empire to fine more fertile lands.
The district was established in 1986.
Demographics
As of 2005, 45% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 9% did speak Portuguese. The most common mothertongue is Chitwe language. 86% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into two postos, Chitobe (five localities, including Machaze) and Save (four localities).
Economy
Less than 1% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 19,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, sorghum, pearl millet, and sweet potato.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which is long.
References
Districts in Manica Province
States and territories established in 1986
The murder of Lesandro Guzman-Feliz occurred on June 20, 2018; the 15-year-old was killed by members of the Dominican-American gang Trinitarios in the Belmont neighborhood of the Bronx. The death occurred in a case of mistaken identity. Public outrage arose when graphic video of the murder began to circulate on the Internet. Fourteen suspects, all members of the Trinitario gang, were arrested in connection with Guzman-Feliz's death.
Murder
On June 20, 2018, at 11:30 p.m. (EDT), 15-year-old Lesandro "Junior" Guzman-Feliz left their apartment to meet with a friend. While out, they noticed four vehicles and became alarmed. They began to run and was chased for several blocks by gang members occupying the vehicles. Eventually, Guzman-Feliz sought refuge in a bodega at Bathgate Avenue and East 183rd Street in Belmont, Bronx, near their residence. The store owner (and others) witnessed the attack but initially prevented Junior from hiding behind the counter, being at first unsure of precisely what was occurring. After recognizing Junior and seeing their fear, the store owner relented and allowed them behind the counter, but Junior was nevertheless spotted by one of the gang members, who then proceeded to drag them outside, where three others waited.
The brutal killing had a significant impact upon the bodega owner. The bodega owner's mother had a heart attack after viewing the security footage of the incident and died. The bodega owner had thoughts of self-harm and had to seek psychological therapy.
The incident was captured on CCTV video inside the shop, as well as on cell phone video taken from an overhead angle by a resident of one of the building's upper floors. The cell phone video shows a dozen or more males arriving and departing at the scene. Bodega surveillance footage shows several men stabbing Guzman-Feliz with large knives and machetes. The video shows Guzman-Feliz re-entering the store; however, they appeared to be sent outside. The video shows them stumbling out of the bodega and running east on 183rd Street toward St. Barnabas Hospital, one block away. Cell phone footage showed Guzman-Feliz collapse on a step at a security booth a few yards from the hospital entrance. The video shows witnesses who knew the victim screaming frantically, holding cloths to their wounds, and attempting to console them as they died. Guzman-Feliz' death occurred only minutes after the attack at the bodega.
According to the boyfriend of Guzman-Feliz's sister, a Trinitario gang leader stated on Snapchat that the killing was a case of mistaken identity. Initial reports indicated that the incident was sparked by a sex video involving a gang member's niece and a curly-haired male teenager, who looked very similar to Guzman-Feliz. However these reports had nothing to do with the case as it was later discovered that the video was a prank and was recorded long before the killing. The gang apologized for the killing to the victim's family on social media. In addition, the gang leader expelled the killers from the gang as a result of this mistaken-identity killing. Police indicated, though, that the alleged killers, all members of the Trinitarios subset "Los Sures", mistakenly believed that Guzman-Feliz was a member of the rival gang "Sunset".
A hashtag, #justiceforjunior, was created and went viral on social media outlets such as Twitter and Instagram. Public outrage ensued when the graphic video of Guzman-Feliz's killing began to circulate on the Internet. Police tip lines received a "torrent" of calls from witnesses and other people identifying the suspects. Officers' posts on Twitter and Instagram were shared and viewed over 100,000 times.
Motive
The killing of Guzman-Feliz was purportedly a case of mistaken identity of a teen who was part of a rival gang. The police reported that the killers, all members of the Trinitarios subset "Los Sures", mistakenly believed that Guzman-Feliz was a member of the rival "Sunset" gang. Bronx County District Attorney Darcel Clark said that Guzman-Feliz had no ties to any gang activity.
Victim
Lesandro Guzman-Feliz (November 11, 2002 – June 20, 2018), known as "Junior", was 15 years old at the time of their death. Their family included: their father, Lisandro Guzman; their mother, Leandra Feliz; their older sister, Genesis Collado-Feliz; and their brother, Manuel Ortiz. They attended the Dr. Richard Izquierdo Health & Science Charter School, where they were a sophomore. They were of Dominican descent.
Guzman-Feliz aspired to become a detective and was a member of the New York City Police Department (NYPD) Explorers program, a group for youths interested in law enforcement careers. Their funeral, at Our Lady of Mount Carmel Church in the Bronx, was attended by thousands. Pallbearers were attired in New York Yankees jerseys as a nod to Guzman-Feliz's favorite baseball team. They were interred in Saint Raymond's Cemetery in the Bronx.
After their death, the NYPD established a scholarship in Guzman-Feliz's name. The corner of Bathgate Avenue and 183rd Street, where Guzman-Feliz was killed, was ceremonially renamed "Lesandro Junior Guzman-Feliz Way" in February 2019, on their mother's birthday.
Perpetrators and suspects
Fourteen suspects were arrested in connection with Guzman-Feliz's death. All were members of the Dominican gang Trinitario and between the age of 18 and 29.
Kevin Alvarez, age 19
Luis Cabrera-Santos, age 25
Danel Fernandez, age 21
Elvin Garcia, age 23
Antonio Rodriguez Hernandez, age 24
Jonaiki Martinez-Estrella, age 24
Jose Muniz, age 21
Danilo Payamps-Pacheco, age 21
Gabriel Ramirez-Concepcion, age 26
Manuel Rivera, age 18
Diego Suero, age 29
Jose Taverez, age 21
Fredrick Then, age 20
Ronald Ureña, age 29
Police alleged Suero to be the ringleader, who ordered the murder of Guzman-Feliz. Officers also claimed that Martinez-Estrella delivered the fatal blow to Guzman-Feliz.
Four of the suspects (Fernandez, Muniz, Rivera, and Hernandez) were incarcerated at Rikers Island and received death threats, even from other members of the Trinitario gang, while awaiting trial. As such, they were segregated from other prisoners and received heightened security protection at the jail. In December 2018, while detained at Rikers Island, Rivera received a slash wound on their face from a fellow inmate. The suspect was allegedly a rival gang member. Michael Sosa Reyes, a former suspect, was a cooperating witness.
Trial verdict
Nearly a full year after Guzman-Feliz was killed outside of the Bronx bodega, five accused suspects were convicted of their murder. In a Bronx courtroom on June 14, 2019, a jury convicted Jonaiki Martinez Estrella, Manuel Rivera, Elvin Garcia, Jose Muniz, and Antonio Rodriguez Hernandez of first-degree murder, second-degree murder, gang assault, and conspiracy. By also convicting the defendants of first-degree murder, the jury acknowledged that Guzman-Feliz was tortured before their death.
See also
Crime in New York City
Gangs in the United States
References
External links
2018 crimes in New York (state)
2018 in New York City
2018 murders in the United States
2010s in the Bronx
Attacks in the United States in 2018
Belmont, Bronx
Burials at Saint Raymond's Cemetery (Bronx)
Deaths by person in New York City
Deaths by stabbing in New York (state)
Dominican-American culture
Filmed killings
June 2018 crimes in the United States
Crimes in the Bronx
Murdered American children
Incidents of violence against boys
Gokhale Memorial Girls' College is a women's college in Kolkata, established in 1938. The college offers undergraduate degrees and is affiliated with the University of Calcutta. The name commemorates Gopal Krishna Gokhale, one of the founding social and political figures of the Indian Independence Movement. It is often regarded as one of the best colleges in Kolkata and among the top 5 girls colleges in Kolkata.
Departments
Science
Botany
Mathematics
Advertising sales promotion and sales management(major)
Chemistry
Physics
Clinical Nutrition and Dietetics
Arts
Bengali
English
Sanskrit
Hindi
History
Geography
Political Science
Philosophy
Economics
Education
Communicative English
Psychology
Notable alumni
Mamata Shankar, dancer and actor
Srabani Sen, singer
Koyel Mullick, actor
Basabdatta Chatterjee, actor
Dona Ganguly, dancer
Chaiti Ghoshal, actor
Nabaneeta Dev Sen, writer and academic
Accreditation
Gokhale Memorial Girls' College is recognized by the University Grants Commission (UGC). Recently, it has been re-accredited and awarded A grade by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC).
See also
List of colleges affiliated to the University of Calcutta
Education in India
Education in West Bengal
References
External links
University of Calcutta affiliates
Universities and colleges in Kolkata
Women's universities and colleges in West Bengal
Educational institutions established in 1938
1938 establishments in India
Yeronga State High School (YSHS) is a co-educational state secondary school located in Yeronga, Queensland, Australia, away from the Brisbane central business district. As of August 2021, Yeronga State High School had an enrolment of 776 students; of which, many were born overseas. As of 2017, only 27% of students enrolled at Yeronga State High School were born in Australia.
History
Yeronga State High School was opened on 25 January 1960, with 217 students and 12 staff members. Enrolment peaked at 1,821 students in 1971: after which, enrolment declined due to the opening of Acacia Ridge State High School and Holland Park State High School, which both opened in 1971. Enrolment has since consistently remained at around ~770 students.
Notable alumni
Students
Bryan Law - Australian activist
Faculty
Ian Dorricott - Composer
References
Public high schools in Queensland
Yeronga, Queensland
Educational institutions established in 1960
1960 establishments in Australia
Bhandit Thongdee (, born March 1, 1971) is a Thai film director, screenwriter and producer. Their films include Mercury Man and The Unborn.
Filmography
Director
Hoedown Showdown () (2002)
Soul Under Bed () (2003)
The Unborn The Mother () (2003)
Mercury Man () (2006)
Screenwriter
The Unborn a.k.a. The Mother () (2003)
External links
1971 births
Bhandit Thongdee
Bhandit Thongdee
Living people
Dandridge is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bartholomew Dandridge (1737–1785), American lawyer, jurist, and planter.
Bartholomew Dandridge (1691–c.1754), English portrait painter.
Bob Dandridge (1947), American basketball player.
Danske Dandridge (1854–1914), American poet, historian and garden writer.
Dorothy Jean Dandridge (1922–1965), American film and theatre actor, singer and dancer.
Ed Dandridge, Corporate Executive.
John Dandridge (1700–1756), Virginian colonel, planter, and clerk.
Joseph Dandridge (1665–1747), English silk-pattern designer
Martha Dandridge (1731–1802), (later Martha Washington) first First Lady of the United States.
Merle Dandridge, American actor.
Nicola Dandridge, English Lawyer.
Putney Dandridge (1902–1946), American bandleader, jazz pianist and vocalist.
Ray Dandridge (1913–1994), American baseball player.
Ruby Dandridge (1900–1987), American actor
Violet Dandridge (1878–1956), American scientific illustrator, painter, naturalist, and suffragist
Vivian Dandridge (1921–1991), American singer, actor and dancer.
See also
Dandridge (comics), a fictional character in the British comic anthology 2000 AD
Battle of Dandridge
Dandridge Sisters
Dandridge, Tennessee
Dandridge v. Williams
Job Adriaenszoon Berckheyde (baptized 27 January 1630 – before 23 November 1693) was a Dutch artist of the 17th century, active in Haarlem, Amsterdam, and The Hague.
Biography
Job Berckheyde was born in Haarlem and was the older brother of the painter Gerrit who they later taught to paint. They were apprenticed on 2 November 1644 to Jacob Willemszoon de Wet, and their master's influence is apparent in their first dated canvas, "Christ Preaching to the Children" (1661), one of their few biblical scenes. On 10 June 1653 they repaid a loan from the Haarlem Guild of Saint Luke. From 1656-1660 the two brothers made an extended trip along the Rhine to Germany, stopping off at Cologne, Bonn, Mannheim and finally Heidelberg, following the example of their fellow guild member Vincent van der Vinne. The brothers worked in Heidelberg for Charles I Louis, Elector Palatine (with Job producing portraits and hunting scenes, and receiving a gold chain from the Elector in reward) but were ultimately unable to adapt to court life and so returned to Haarlem, where they shared a house and perhaps a studio. They became a member of the Haarlem rederijkersgilde 'De Wijngaardranken' in 1666–1682.  They are registered in Amsterdam 1682–1688, where they became a member of the Guild of St Luke there in 1685–1688. Berckheyde was buried in Haarlem.
Works
They could paint landscapes in the same style as their brother, but seems to have preferred interiors and genre works, whereas their brother's oeuvre consists mostly of outdoor scenes. The Elector's gold chain may be the one they wear in their early Self-portrait (1655), their only documented work from the 1650s. Job is better known for their later work, which consists mainly of interior views of the Sint-Bavokerk in Haarlem and simple genre scenes recalling those of their Haarlem contemporaries Adriaen van Ostade and Jan Steen. Less prolific than their brother, but more varied in their output, producing bible and genre scenes as well as cityscapes. Confusion between their works may have resulted from the similarity of their signatures, where Job's j resembles Gerrit's g. Job also signed their work with an H (for Hiob or Job) and with the monogram HB.
References
External links
Job Adriaensz Berkheyde on Artnet
Art 4 2Day
Entrance to a church, with figures
1630 births
1693 deaths
Dutch Golden Age painters
Dutch male painters
Artists from Haarlem
Painters from Haarlem
Painters from Amsterdam
Crawford/West was an American country music duo consisting of Rick Crawford (from Texas) and Kenny West (from Arkansas). Signed to Warner Bros. Records, they released their first single, "Summertime Girls," in May 1997. The song peaked at No. 75 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in the United States and No. 91 on the RPM Country Tracks chart in Canada. A second single, "Healing End," was released in June 1998, but failed to chart. Two months later, the duo requested to be released from their recording contract with Warner Bros.
Discography
Singles
Music videos
References
External links
[ allmusic ((( Rick Crawford > Overview )))]
[ allmusic ((( Kenny West > Overview )))]
American country music groups
Country music duos
Musical groups established in 1997
Gabis Arboretum at Purdue Northwest is a nature preserve near Valparaiso, Indiana in the United States. The preserve has the largest collection of oak trees in Indiana and an award winning garden railway.
History
In 1990, Damien Gabis, and a group of other environmentally concerned citizens, purchased 72 acres of land in order to preserve the prairie land of the region. They built a house on the property and Gabis and others lived onsite. Eventually, the property expanded to 360 acres and in 1998 Gabis founded what was originally known as Taltree Arboretum. The original site had only 15 trees on site. Over time, Gabis and their colleagues planted 20,000 trees.
In December 2017 the Gabis family announced that Purdue University Northwest would assume operation of the arboretum, with the name change and management effective January 31, 2018.
Gabis has a performance stage called The Sidetrack which features educational lectures and musical performances. In 2011, Gabis was named one of ten arboreta in the United States that "may well leave you speechless" by MSN. In 2014, the preserve hosted its first OAKtoberfest, a one-day beer festival that showcased beer and cider aged in oak barrels and paired with food.
Arboretum and gardens
The total land for the arboretum and gardens is 360 acres. The property includes a prairie, woodlands, wetlands, savanna, and plant collections and display gardens. The arboretum has oak trees and an exhibit of oak trees from around the world. It is the largest collection of oak trees in Indiana. The display gardens include viburnums, conifer and Japanese maples. Native plants found in Indiana are on display in the Joseph E. Meyer Memorial Pavilion Garden and in the Native Plant Garden. Roses and flowering trees are on display in the Audrey and Leonard Hitz Family Rose Garden.
There is a garden railway onsite, which comprises a 2.5 acre G scale model railroad intertwined with plants. First installed in 2011, there are eight different railroads, totaling 3,000 feet of track, within the garden and up to nine different dioramas which tell the story of Railroads in the United States. The garden railway has over 500 plants varietals and 850 tons of limestone. The garden has a 14-foot elevation change and over 3,500 plants. Visitors are able to view the installation of the railroad each spring by Gabis staff.
Management
The preserve is operated by volunteers and maintained with private donations.
See also
List of botanical gardens and arboretums in Indiana
References
External links
"Garden Railroading: How The Pros Do It–Taltree Arboretum" from Lets Talk Trains Internet Radio
Arboreta in Indiana
Botanical gardens in Indiana
Northwest Indiana
Valparaiso, Indiana
Protected areas of Porter County, Indiana
Emma Best is an American investigative reporter who gained national attention with their work for WikiLeaks and activist Julian Assange. Best is known for prolific filing of Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests on behalf of MuckRock and co-founding the whistleblower site Distributed Denial of Secrets (DDoSecrets) which resulted in Best being investigated by the Department of Homeland Security and temporarily banned from filing FOIA requests.
During the Trump administration, Best was also known for reporting on the FBI files of President Donald Trump, their associate Roger Stone, and a company owned by then-Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin.
Career
Best has said that before becoming a transparency activist and investigative journalist, they worked for subcontractors hired by the Intelligence Community before becoming disillusioned. They left over concerns for source safety and bureaucratic obstruction, and have discussed disillusionment about surveillance, police militarization, and expansion of the military.
Freedom of Information Act
Since 2016, Best has filed more than 5,000 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests, including numerous requests to U.S. intelligence services and over 1,600 with the FBI, and published hundreds of articles.
In 2016, the Federal Bureau of Investigation investigated and considered prosecuting Best for their use of FOIA. According to the Calyx Institute, Best "consistently sits at or near the top of FBI's list of vexsome FOIA requesters."
In 2017, Best helped get the CIA database of 13 million pages of declassified files online. In 2019, Best and former NSA hacker Emily Crose embarked on a project to use FOIA to get documents on historical hacking incidents, called “Hacking History.”
In 2021, the FBI banned Best from filing FOIA requests, and their existing requests were closed. With the help of national security attorneys Mark Zaid and Brad Moss, the ban was lifted after several months and their requests were reopened.
WikiLeaks
Before DDoSecrets, Best had joined a narrow group of WikiLeaks contributors before falling out with Julian Assange, accusing him, among other things, of having lied about the source of the DNC email leak, and the incomplete nature of its archive of John Podesta's emails. Best has published several of WikiLeaks' own leaked documents.
On 19 July 2016, in response to the Turkish government's purges that followed the coup attempt, WikiLeaks released 294,548 emails from Turkey's ruling Justice and Development party (AKP). Most experts agree that Phineas Fisher was behind the leak. On 21 July, WikiLeaks tweeted a link to a database which contained sensitive information, such as the Turkish Identification Number, of approximately 50 million Turkish citizens. The information was not in the files uploaded by WikiLeaks, but in files described by WikiLeaks as "the full data for the Turkey AKP emails and more", which was archived by Best, who then removed it when the personal data was discovered.
In mid-August 2016, Guccifer 2.0 expressed interest in offering a trove of Democratic e-mails to Best. Assange urged Best to decline, intimating that they were in contact with the persona's handlers, and that the material would have greater impact if they released it first.
In November 2018, they leaked sealed chat logs that were part of the case against Assange.
In April 2019, they revealed that Chelsea Manning's FBI files were central to the ongoing proceedings against Assange before the indictment was unsealed.
Distributed Denial of Secrets
On December 3, 2018, Best co-founded Distributed Denial of Secrets with another member of the group known as The Architect. According to Best, The Architect, whom they already knew, approached them and expressed their desire to see a new platform for leaked and hacked materials, along with other relevant datasets.
In July 2020, three agents who identified themselves as part of Homeland Security Investigations visited a woman in Boston to question them about BlueLeaks, Distributed Denial of Secrets and Emma Best. The agents asked the woman about their involvement with BlueLeaks before eventually asking them to become an informant, and offered to pay for any information that led to arrests.
As of January 2021, the site hosts dozens of terabytes of data.
In February 2021, Distributed Denial of Secrets leaked 70 gigabytes of data from the far right social media platform Gab, including email addresses, passwords, and internal emails; the group referred to the action as "GabLeaks". While they did not directly accuse Best of instigating the leak, Gab CEO Andrew Torba released a statement in which they referred to the leakers as "mentally ill tranny demon hackers".
Personal life
Best is queer and nonbinary, and is married to fellow DDoSecrets member Xan North.
References
External links
Distributed Denial of Secrets
Twitter
Website
American journalists
American whistleblowers
Queer writers
Living people
Non-binary writers
Transgender women
WikiLeaks
LGBT writers from the United States
Year of birth missing (living people)
Annona foetida is a species of plant in the family Annonaceae. It is native to Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, French Guiana, Peru and Suriname. Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius, the German botanist who first formally described the species, named it after its foul-smelling ( in Latin) odor.
Description
It is a shrub or a tree reaching 3.3-3.9 meters in height. Its dark gray-brown bark is tough and flexible. Its leaves are 10.8-21.6 by 4.1-8.1 centimeters and come to an abrupt point at their tips. Its petioles are 6.8 millimeters long. Its fruit are reddish-brown and the size of a goose egg. Its seeds are flat, yellowish, ovals, 9 millimeters in length. Its bark and unripe fruit have a remarkably foul odor.
Reproductive biology
The pollen of Annona foetida is shed as permanent tetrads. It is pollinated by the scarab beetle Cyciocephala undata.
Habitat and distribution
It grows in forest habitats. Its fruit mature in December.
Uses
Bioactive compounds extracted from leaves, bark and branches have been reported to have antimicrobial, antileishmanial and antitrypanosomal activities.
References
External links
foetida
Flora of Bolivia
Flora of Brazil
Flora of Colombia
Flora of French Guiana
Flora of Peru
Flora of Suriname
Plants described in 1841
Taxa named by Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius
The 916th Air Refueling Wing is an Air Reserve Component (ARC) of the United States Air Force. It is assigned to the Fourth Air Force, Air Force Reserve Command, stationed at Seymour Johnson Air Force Base, North Carolina. If mobilized, the Wing is gained by the Air Mobility Command.
The wing was scheduled to start flying the KC-46A Pegasus in 2019. The first KC-46A was delivered on June 12, 2020, the second on August 7, 2020, and the third and fourth on September 10, 2020.
Mission
Fly the KC-46A Pegasus in air-to-air refueling and other air mobility missions.
Units
916th Operations Group
77th Air Refueling Squadron
911th Air Refueling Squadron – Active Associate unit to the 916 ARW, reporting to the 6th Air Refueling Wing at MacDill AFB, FL
916th Maintenance Group
916th Mission Support Group
916th Aerospace Medical Squadron
History
Need for reserve troop carrier groups
During the first half of 1955, the Air Force began detaching Air Force Reserve squadrons from their parent wing locations to separate sites. The concept offered several advantages. Communities were more likely to accept the smaller squadrons than the large wings and the location of separate squadrons in smaller population centers would facilitate recruiting and manning. Continental Air Command (ConAC)'s plan called for placing Air Force Reserve units at fifty-nine installations located throughout the United States. When these relocations were completed in 1959, reserve wing headquarters and wing support elements would typically be on one base, along with one (or in some cases two) of the wing's flying squadrons, while the remaining flying squadrons were spread over thirty-five Air Forces, Navy and civilian airfields under what was called the Detached Squadron Concept.
Although this dispersal was not a problem when the entire wing was called to active service, mobilizing a single flying squadron and elements to support it proved difficult. This weakness was demonstrated in the partial mobilization of reserve units during the Berlin Crisis of 1961 To resolve this, at the start of 1962, ConAC determined to reorganize its reserve wings by establishing groups with support elements for each of its troop carrier squadrons. This reorganization would facilitate mobilization of elements of wings in various combinations when needed. However, as this plan was entering its implementation phase, another partial mobilization occurred for the Cuban Missile Crisis, with the units being released on 22 November 1962. The formation of troop carrier groups occurred in January 1963 for units that had not been mobilized, but was delayed until February for those that had been.
Activation of 916th Troop Carrier Group
As a result, the 916th Troop Carrier Group was established at Donaldson Air Force Base, South Carolina on 17 January 1963, as the headquarters for the 77th Troop Carrier Squadron, which had been stationed there since March 1958. Along with group headquarters, a Combat Support Squadron, Material Squadron and a Tactical Infirmary were organized to support the 77th.
The group's mission was to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with Fairchild C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The 916th was one of three C-119 groups assigned to the 435th Troop Carrier Wing in 1963, the others being the 915th Troop Carrier Group at Homestead Air Force Base, Florida and the 917th Troop Carrier Group at Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana.
In 1966 was equipped with Douglas C-124 Globemaster II airlifters, being a reserve unit of Military Airlift Command.
Conducted air and ground training activities, airlifting personnel and cargo in support of active duty forces worldwide. It has supported missions included military airlift to South Vietnam beginning in 1965 and to U.S. forces in the Dominican Republic during a 1965 crisis. It also participated in numerous humanitarian airlift missions.
Air refueling
Since October 1986 it has flown air mobility operational and training missions within and beyond the United States. It refueled aircraft and airlifted passengers and cargo for various training exercises and contingency and humanitarian operations around the world. In 2008, the 911th Air Refueling Squadron, an active duty unit, was attached to the group for operational control. February 8, 2020 the wing retired its last KC-135R tanker. On June 12, 2020, the wing accepted its first of twelve KC-46A.
Lineage
Established as the 916th Troop Carrier Group, Heavy and activated on 28 December 1962 (not organized)
Organized in the Reserve on 17 January 1963
Redesignated 916th Air Transport Group, Heavy on 1 December 1965
Redesignated 916th Military Airlift Group on 1 January 1966
Inactivated on 8 July 1972
Redesignated 916th Air Refueling Group, Heavy (Associate) on 10 July 1986
Activated in the Reserve on 1 October 1986
Redesignated 916th Air Refueling Group (Associate) on 1 February 1992
Redesignated 916th Air Refueling Wing on 1 October 1994
Assignments
Continental Air Command, 28 December 1962 (not organized)
435th Troop Carrier Wing, 17 January 1963
433d Troop Carrier Wing, 18 March 1963
442d Troop Carrier Wing, 1 July 1963
512th Troop Carrier Wing (later 512th Air Transport Wing, 512th Military Airlift Wing), 8 January 1965
433d Military Airlift Wing (later 433d Tactical Airlift Wing), 21 April 1971 – 8 July 1972
452d Air Refueling Wing, 1 October 1986
434th Air Refueling Wing (later 434th Wing, 434th Air Refueling Wing), 1 July 1987
Twenty-Second Air Force, 1 October 1994
Fourth Air Force, 1 April 1997 – present
Components
916th Operations Group: 1 October 1994 – present
77th Troop Carrier Squadron (later 77th Military Airlift Squadron, 77th Air Refueling Squadron): 17 January 1963 – 8 July 1972, 1 October 1986 – 1 August 1992
Stations
Donaldson Air Force Base, South Carolina 17 January 1963
Carswell Air Force Base, Texas, 1 April 1963 – 8 July 1972
Seymour Johnson Air Force Base, North Carolina, 1 October 1986 – present
Aircraft
Douglas C-124 Globemaster II (1963–1972)
McDonnell Douglas KC-10 Extender (1986–1995)
Boeing KC-135 Stratotanker, 1972–1985; 1995 – 2020
Boeing KC-46 Pegasus, 2020 - present
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
916 ARW Home Page
Military units and formations in North Carolina
0916
Military units and formations of the United States Air Force Reserves
Military units and formations established in 1994
1994 establishments in South Carolina
Elizabeta "Lizika" Jančar (nom de guerre Majda) (27 October 1919 – 20 March 1943) was a Slovene Partisan.
Life
Lizika Jančar was born in Maribor as the daughter of a railway worker that had also worked as a miner in Germany. Jančar became a member of the League of Communist Youth of Yugoslavia (SKOJ) in 1937 in Maribor. They enrolled as a student at the Medical Faculty in Belgrade after finishing high school in Maribor. They relocated to Ljubljana and became a member of the Communist Party of Slovenia in April 1941, where they helped set up the illegal Kričač broadcaster.
In February 1943 they joined the Dolomite Detachment of the Slovene Partisans and served as a wireless operator for the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Slovenia to maintain contact with Moscow. They were captured by Anti-Communist Volunteer Militia forces on 19 March 1943 during the battle in the Belca Gorge () above Belica and was shot the following day in Belo. A plaque was unveiled at the site, at the Lenart farm, in 1976.
They were proclaimed a People's Hero of Yugoslavia on 27 November 1953.
Legacy
The Lizika Jančar Dormitory in Maribor () is named for her, as is Lizika Jančar Street in Maribor () and Ljubljana (Ulica Lizike Jančarjeve).
References
1919 births
1943 deaths
Slovenian people of World War II
Recipients of the Order of the People's Hero
Yugoslav Partisans members
Ethnic Slovene people
Military personnel from Maribor
Women in the Yugoslav Partisans
The women's 100 metres hurdles event at the 2005 Summer Universiade was held on 15–16 August in Izmir, Turkey.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Wind:Heat 1: +0.6 m/s, Heat 2: -0.1 m/s, Heat 3: ? m/s, Heat 4: ? m/s
Semifinals
Wind:Heat 1: -0.9 m/s, Heat 2: -0.7 m/s
Final
Wind: +0.5 m/s
References
Final results
Full results
Heat results
Athletics at the 2005 Summer Universiade
2005 in women's athletics
2005
Sergey Sergeyevich Sheyko (, born January 23, 1967, Oleksandriia in present-day Ukraine), Hero of the Russian Federation, is a colonel in Russian Naval Infantry.
Sergey Sheyko was commissioned into the Naval Infantry in 1989 after completing the Far Eastern Higher Combined Arms Command School. In January–May 1995 captain Sheyko, commander of marine company, participated in the First Chechen War, including storming of Presidential Palace in Grozny. They showed outstanding degree of personal courage and military mastership. In fierce battles their group performed important tasks, with virtually no losses of their subordinates. Their first citation for the title of Hero of the Russian Federation was issued in February 1995 but did not materialize; they were awarded the title of Hero on August 28, 1995.
Sheyko completed postgraduate military education in the Combined Arms Academy of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation (2000) and General Staff Academy (2005) and, at 2009, service with the Baltic Fleet naval infantry.
Since 2017 retired colonel.
References
Hero of Russia Sheyko Sergey Sergeyevich, WarHeroes.Ru (in Russian)
Belostok Naval Infantry Brigade (in Russian)
Heroes of the Russian Federation
Russian military personnel
1967 births
Russian people of Ukrainian descent
Living people
People from Oleksandriia
Far Eastern Higher Combined Arms Command School alumni
Military Academy of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Russia alumni
The El Camino Tour was a worldwide concert tour by American rock duo The Black Keys in support of their 2011 studio album, El Camino. The tour, which spanned 129 shows, began on January 23, 2012, and ended on July 13, 2013. It was the group's first tour playing arenas as a headlining act. The tour grossed $12.7 million in 2012.
Background
In December 2011, The Black Keys announced a 2012 concert tour, their first playing arenas as a headlining act. The tour opened in Europe on January 23, 2012 with three weeks of shows, before visiting North America from March to May. The tour made multiple return visits to Europe and North America throughout the year, while also visiting Australasia from October through November. In total, the group played 112 shows in 2012. Among the support acts that accompanied the band were Band of Skulls, Arctic Monkeys, and Tegan and Sara. After tickets went on sale, The Black Keys' concert at Madison Square Garden in New York City sold out in 15 minutes, resulting in the addition of a second date at the venue to satisfy demand. The tour ended on July 13, 2013, after 129 shows.
Just as it did on its previous tour, the group added bassist Gus Seyffert and keyboardist/guitarist John Wood as touring musicians in order to perform songs as close to their studio arrangements as possible. Guitarist Dan Auerbach explained the decision for the expanded live band: "It wasn't about the size of the venue. It was just that we could afford to do it and our songs deserved it. We wanted to finally present the songs like we'd written them." During the middle portion of each concert, Auerbach and drummer Patrick Carney played older material as a duo without the backing musicians. Many critics singled these performances out as the shows' highlights.
The concert stage used an austere setup with a lighting system and video projections designed by Karl Lemieux. The lighting comprised four banks of on-stage vintage spotlights, along with two disco balls and a lighted sign bearing the band's name that were lowered for the encores. Lemieux's video, which was projected onto a white sheet at the stage's rear, incorporated black-and-white footage of junkyards, deserts, and open highways. Carney explained that the band was aiming for a retro aesthetic, saying, "We kind of wanted to make the whole stage look like an old-school rock 'n' roll show, as much as possible. We're referencing bands in the '70s, what they were doing when they were playing arenas." Moreover, the footage was meant to pay homage to the group's origins. Auerbach said, "We wanted it to represent our music and the Midwest where we're from, the Rust Belt and open spaces. We find that stuff beautiful and uplifting."
Support acts
Band of Skulls (Leg 1 & 3: Europe)
Arctic Monkeys (Leg 2: North America)
Tame Impala (Leg 2: Council Bluffs)
Tegan and Sara (Leg 4: North America)
Royal Headache (Leg 5: Australia)
The Maccabees (Leg 6: Europe)
Divine Fits (Leg 7: Las Vegas)
The Flaming Lips (Leg 9: North America)
Set list
"Howlin' for You"
"Next Girl"
"Run Right Back"
"Same Old Thing"
"Dead and Gone"
"Gold on the Ceiling"
"Thickfreakness"
"Girl Is on My Mind"
"I'll Be Your Man"
"Your Touch"
"Little Black Submarines"
"moneymaker"
"Strange Times"
"Chop and Change" (North America) / "Sinister Kid" (Australasia)
"Nova Baby"
"Ten Cent Pistol"
"Tighten Up"
"Lonely Boy"
Encore
"Everlasting Light"
"She's Long Gone"
"I Got Mine"
Source:
Tour dates
Festivals and other miscellaneous performances
Box office data
References
2012 concert tours
2013 concert tours
Senator Matthews may refer to:
Members of the United States Senate
Eric Matthews (Boy Meets World), fictional character from the TV series Boy Meets World, who becomes a U.S. Senator
Harlan Mathews (1927–2014), U.S. Senator from Tennessee from 1993 to 1994
Stanley Matthews (judge) (1824–1889), U.S. Senator from Ohio from 1877 to 1879
United States state senate members
John W. Matthews Jr. (born 1940), South Carolina Senate
Kevin Matthews (politician) (born 1960), Oklahoma State Senate
Margie Bright Matthews (born 1963), South Carolina State Senate
A. G. Mathews (1872–1958), West Virginia State Senate
Andrew Mathews (politician) (fl. 2010s), Minnesota State Senate
Bernice Mathews (born 1933), Nevada State Senate
Earl C. Mathews (1879–1953), Virginia State Senate
James Mathews (American politician) (1805–1887), Ohio State Senate
Milton W. Mathews (1846–1892), Illinois State Senate
Sampson Mathews (1737–1807), Virginia State Senate
Vincent Mathews (1766–1846), New York State Senate
KJJP (105.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Amarillo, Texas. The station is owned by Kanza Society, Inc., and is an affiliate of the High Plains Public Radio network.
History
The station began broadcasting December 6, 1991, airing an easy listening format, and held the call sign KAEZ. It adopted a soft AC format in 1993. In 1999, the station was sold to KXOJ, Inc. for $750,000, and it adopted a Christian contemporary format. The station was branded "The Breeze".
In 2004, the station was sold to Kanza Society Inc. for $1.25 million and it became an affiliate of High Plains Public Radio. On October 8, 2004, its call sign was changed to KJJP. Although Amarillo is the largest urban center in the HPPR coverage area, this was the first time most of the area had received a clear signal from an NPR station. The region had already been served by HPPR repeater KTXP in nearby Bushland, but it operated at only 1,000 watts; its signal was so weak that HPPR had to install a low-powered translator serving Amarillo itself at 94.9 FM.
References
External links
hppr.org
NPR member stations
JJP
Radio stations established in 1991
1991 establishments in Texas
A conjuratory or exconjuratory (, , ) is a small religious building from which ceremonies were conducted to bless the fields and ward off calamities caused by the weather, like storms, hail and excessive rain that could ruin the harvests. Usually these buildings are attached to a church building or a hermitage.
Exconjuratories were common in the ancient villages of the Pre-Pyrenees and the Pyrenees, especially in Aragon.
Description
Exconjuratories were usually built in a symmetrical way, with large windows open to the four cardinal points.
In some places the exconjuratory is part of the bell tower of a church. On the fourth floor of the main tower of the Cathedral of Murcia there are four conjuratories. Located in each corner, special ceremonies were conducted in them by priests to ward off storms that could spoil the harvest in the fields by means of the Lignum Crucis kept in the cathedral. Other towns in the Region of Murcia like Cieza, had conjuratories as well. Conjuratories could also be used to ward off other non-weather-related catastrophical events afflicting the community, like epidemics and crop-damaging pests, like locusts.
They fell into disuse centuries ago and many of the exconjuratories that have survived are in a ruined state.
Rituals
The Tentenublo (in Spanish) is an example of the prayers conducted in special occasions within the conjuratories:
Gallery
References
External links
Esconchurador d'a Cruz Blanca
Hiking Route, including images and references about Exconjuratories
Concatedral de Santa María de La Redonda - Logroño
"Esconjuradero" label in Flickr
Carmen Gozalo de Andrés, Meteorología popular: Acordarse de Santa Bárbara cuando truena
Christian practices
Christian buildings and structures in Spain
Kuseh Raz (, also Romanized as Kūseh Raz) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 591, in 160 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
The German Fetish Ball or German Fetish Fair & BDSM Convention is an annual fetish exhibition held in Germany, and known as well under the acronym GFB. The fair has been running since 2003 and has been held in Berlin, then in Hamburg, and now back in Berlin. The festival lasts for three days over the weekend of Pentecost, and includes both parties and merchandise exhibits. The Fetish Fair is the largest fetish weekend in Germany, and one of the world's largest fetish trade shows. Some international attendees make a special trip.
Mistresses of Ceremony
2018: Myriel Monastic
2017: Kari Berg
2016: Ancilla Tilia
2015:
2014: Kari Berg
2013:
2012: Kari Berg
2011:
2010:
2009: Tronicat la Miez
2008: RubberDoll
2007: Ancilla Tilia
2006:
2005: Emily Marilyn
2004: Luci van Org
References
External links
Fetish subculture
Recurring events established in 2004
Festivals in Berlin
Sex festivals
Festivals in Hamburg
Unión Deportivo Gijón Industrial is a football team based in Gijón in the autonomous community of Asturias. Founded in 1969, it plays in Tercera División RFEF – Group 2. The club's home ground is Santa Cruz, which has a capacity of 2,500 spectators.
History
Gijón Industrial was founded on 10 July 1969 as a merger between Pelayo CF and Club Calzada, both immersed in a serious economic trouble. The club started playing in Tercera División, when it was composed by inter-provincial groups, being its best season the 1977–78 one, when it finished in the third position of the league table and qualified for the first time to the Copa del Rey.
After a first relegation in the next season, Gijón Industrial came back to Tercera División three seasons later and four more times the Copa del Rey, before being again relegated to Regional Preferente in 1982. It spent eight seasons in this league before promoting again to Tercera in 1990. After this promotion, the club stays ten consecutive seasons in the fourth tier, the longest streak of the club, before being relegated again.
Since its foundation, the club always alternated Tercera División and Regional Preferente.
Stadium
Since its foundation, Gijón Industrial plays its games at Estadio Santa Cruz with a capacity for 3,000 people.
The stadium was inaugurated in 1948 and it was owned by Pelayo CF until It's merge with Club Calzada in 1969. In 2016, the Town Hall of Gijón renovated the stadium and changed the pitch to one made of artificial turf.
Season to season
35 seasons in Tercera División/Tercera División RFEF
Famous coaches
Enzo Ferrero
Nené Ballina
References
External links
Official website
Futbolme.com profile
Football clubs in Asturias
Association football clubs established in 1969
1969 establishments in Spain
Sport in Gijón
Outrageous Government Conduct is a criminal defense that presupposes the defendant's predisposition to commit the crime but seeks dismissal of the indictment on the ground that the conduct of law enforcement agents was "so outrageous that due process principles would absolutely bar the government from invoking judicial process to obtain a conviction." The defense must prove that law enforcement agents' tactics violated "that 'fundamental fairness, shocking to the universal sense of justice,' mandated by the Due Process Clause of the Fifth Amendment."
The Outrageous Government Conduct defense is related to but distinct from the entrapment defense. The Outrageous Government Conduct defense is a bar to prosecution which is decided by the judge based on legal theory while entrapment is an affirmative defense which is considered, potentially, by a jury. Additionally, predisposition to commit a crime is irrelevant to the Outrageous government Conduct defense and can succeed despite evidence of predisposition.
See also
Entrapment
References
Criminal defenses
Edmund Randolph (1819–1861) was an American jurist who practiced in New Orleans and San Francisco. They engaged with the filibuster of William Walker in Nicaragua.
Early life
Randolph was born in Richmond Virginia, the son of Peyton and Maria Ward Randolph. They were also the grandson of Edmund Jennings Randolph and grandnephew of another Peyton Randolph.
Education and career
Randolph attended the College of William and Mary, and studied law at the University of Virginia. They moved to New Orleans, studying or practicing law there until 1849. They clerked for the US Circuit of Louisiana. After arriving in California in 1849, they practiced law and was elected to the first State Assembly of California.
Randolph collaborated with William Walker to seize control of Nicaragua in 1855 and 1856. In 1855, Randolph garnered the support of agents of the Accessory Transit Company to give in-kind aid to the filibuster of William Walker. Walker collaborated with the Liberal faction of Nicaragua's split-government to overthrow the Conservative faction and gain control of the country. Randolph, an old friend Walker's, hatched a plan to gain the cooperation of Cornelius K. Garrison and Charles Morgan of the Accessory Transit Company to provide transportation for mercenaries and supplies to Walker in Nicaragua. In exchange, Walker agreed to invalidate the old transit charter for Accessory Transit Company and reassign those rights to Randolph. Walker agreed to re-appropriate property of the Accessory Transit Company to Garrison and Morgan, while Randolph would sell the transit charter to them.
References
External links
Randolph Oration on the California Pioneer
Filibusters and Financiers: The Story of William Walker and Their Associates
Lawyers from San Francisco
1819 births
1861 deaths
19th-century American lawyers
Alberto Iribarne (born 2 August 1950) is an Argentinian lawyer, who was Minister of Justice during the presidency of Néstor Kirchner from 2005 and 2007.
They were born in Buenos Aires. They were designated by president Cristina Fernández de Kirchner as Ambassador of Argentina to the Holy See but their diplomatic approval was refused by the Vatican. According some reports, it was because they are divorced. In 2019 Iribarne was designated the Ambassador to Uruguay by President Alberto Fernández.
 They are graduated at law from University of Buenos Aires.
References
1950 births
Living people
Lawyers from Buenos Aires
20th-century Argentine lawyers
Shenzhen Yucai High School () is a school in Shekou, Shenzhen, Guangdong, China.
Founded in 1995, Shenzhen Yucai High school has been developed into a regional education system, consisted of primary schools, middle schools and technical sections.
The Shenzhen Yucai High School is the fifth oldest school in Shenzhen started in 1995. First school is Shenzhen Drug School, second oldest school is the Shenzhen Experiment School.
The notable alumni include Shenglong Zou, founder of Xunlei Technology.
External links
Official Website
Official website
Shenzhen Yucai High School Video Introduction
High schools in Shenzhen
Educational institutions established in 1983
1983 establishments in China
Francesca Salvalajo (born 20 July 1972) is a retired backstroke swimmer from Italy. They represented their native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. Salvalajo is a two-time gold medalist at the Mediterranean Games.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Italian female swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Italy
Swimmers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games medalists in swimming
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Italy
Swimmers at the 1993 Mediterranean Games
Italian female backstroke swimmers
Miami County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2010, the population was 36,903. The county seat is the City of Peru. Miami County is part of the Kokomo-Peru CSA.
History
Indiana became a state on December 11, 1816, after being Indiana territory for sixteen years. Originally, Indiana was part of the Northwest Territory, which was made up of land gained by the British after the French and Indian War and organized into a territory after the American Revolution. It was after the revolution that settlement in the area by Europeans really began. Knox territory was created in 1790 and included all of present-day Indiana and areas of Illinois. Ancestry's Red Book notes that jurisdiction in Knox territory changed due to Indian uprisings in the area from 1790 to 1810. In 1800, Indiana became the name of a territory. Parts Michigan and Illinois both broke away from the territory before it became a state in 1816.
Miami County was formed in 1832 from Cass County and unorganized land. It was named for the Miami, a Native American people, many of whom still live in this area. In 1834, Miami County widened its western border taking some area from Cass County. In 1838 a small portion of unorganized territory was added to the northeastern border, but in 1844 that area was lost to Fulton County. Miami County has been its present shape since 1844.
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.06%) is land and (or 0.94%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Fulton County (north)
Wabash County (east)
Grant County (southeast)
Howard County (south)
Cass County (west)
Major highways
U.S. Route 24
U.S. Route 31
State Road 16
State Road 18
State Road 19
State Road 124
State Road 218
Communities
City
Peru
Towns
Amboy
Bunker Hill
Converse
Denver
Macy
Census-designated places
Grissom AFB
Mexico
Other unincorporated places
Bennetts Switch
Birmingham
Chili
Courter
Deedsville
Doyle
Erie
Flora
Gilead
Loree
McGrawsville
Miami
Nead
New Santa Fe
North Grove
Oakdale
Oakley
Park View Heights
Peoria
Perrysburg
Pettysville
Santa Fe
South Peru
Stockdale
Wawpecong
Wells
Extinct
Anson
Brownell
Busaco
Cary
Five Corners
Hooversburg
Leonda
Niconza
Paw Paw
Snow Hill
Stringtown
Wagoner
Wooleytown
Townships
Allen Township
Butler Township
Clay Township
Deer Creek Township
Erie Township
Harrison Township
Jackson Township
Jefferson Township
Perry Township
Peru Township
Pipe Creek Township
Richland Township
Union Township
Washington Township
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Peru have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected from county districts. The council members serve four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners. The commissioners are elected county-wide, in staggered terms, and each serves a four-year term. One of the commissioners, typically the most senior, serves as president. The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue, and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Miami County is part of Indiana's 2nd congressional district; Indiana Senate district 18; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 23, 24 and 32.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 36,903 people, 13,456 households, and 9,330 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 15,479 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 91.8% white, 4.5% black or African American, 0.9% American Indian, 0.3% Asian, 0.6% from other races, and 1.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.5% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 27.2% were German, 17.3% were American, 12.0% were Irish, and 8.4% were English.
Of the 13,456 households, 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were married couples living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.7% were non-families, and 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.97. The median age was 39.5 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $49,282. Males had a median income of $40,038 versus $26,011 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,854. About 13.0% of families and 16.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.6% of those under age 18 and 8.9% of those age 65 or over.
Major employers of Miami County include:
Ferrellgas (Peru )
Schneider Electric Square D (Peru )
Miami Correctional Facility (Bunker Hill )
Correction Indiana Dept (Bunker Hill )
Armour-eckrich Meats (Peru )
American Stationery Co (Peru ) http://www.americanstationery.com
Dukes Memorial Hospital (Peru ) http://www.dukesmemorialhosp.com
Miami County (Peru )
Bryan Steam LLC (Peru ) http://www.bryanboilers.com
Snavely Machine & Mfg Co Inc (Peru )
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Miami County, Indiana
Further reading
Bodurtha, Arthur Lawrence. History of Miami County, Indiana: A Narrative Account of Its Historical Progress, Its People and Its Principal Interests, Volume 1. 1865. Charleston: Nabu Press (2010).
Coppernoll, Marilyn. Miami County, Indiana: A Pictorial History. Peru: Miami County Historical Society (1995).
Kingman Brothers. Combination atlas map of Miami County, Indiana. Charleston: Nabu Press (2011).
References
Indiana counties
Indiana placenames of Native American origin
1834 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1834
The Christian Evangelical Church of Romania () is a Plymouth Brethren Protestant denomination, one of Romania's eighteen officially recognised religious denominations.
History
Under the influence of foreign Plymouth Brethren missionaries active in Romania in the late 19th century, a group of "free Christians" was founded in Bucharest in 1899. Initially, members were foreign residents of the capital city; they were later joined by Romanian converts. Also known as "Darbyites" after John Nelson Darby, the British 19th century founder of their movement, the group was outlawed in the 1920s and was accused of spreading communist ideas. In 1933, the Romanian state recognised them as a religious association, the Christian Evangelicals. In 1939, they were compelled by the National Renaissance Front regime to merge with the Christians of the Scriptures (also known as Tudorites). The Christian Evangelical Church was thus formed, with two branches: branch I, which practised believer's baptism, and branch II, which employed infant baptism. (The difference stemmed from the tradition whence each emerged: Plymouth Brethren and Romanian Orthodox, respectively.)
Banned under the World War II-era regime of Ion Antonescu, in 1946, the Evangelical Christians were recognised as a religious body by the Romanian state, having once again merged with the Tudorites and a splinter group called "Christians" centred at Ploieşti. In 1950, soon after the advent of the Communist regime, the Christian Evangelicals had 600 churches; a large number of smaller ones were officially closed following a state ruling that they must have at least twenty members, but many of them probably continued to meet quietly. In the late 1970s, the group claimed to have nearly 400 churches, a number of which awaited official registration, and around 55,000 members. A number of scholars suggest a figure of 120,000, but this is likely based on Tudorite support within the Orthodox Church and also includes a considerable number who had not formally transferred their membership and thus were not listed as members. By the 1980s, there was a full-time secretary and a three-member executive committee in Bucharest, although there was a great deal of ambiguity regarding the committee's authority. The church received no state aid, supporting itself entirely from member contributions. Members also had social concerns, supporting a ninety-member leprosy community. Doctrinally, the church was closest to the Baptists, with whom it shared a pension programme. It had relationships with Brethren churches in California, Canada, Czechoslovakia, England, Germany, Hungary and Switzerland. In a display of support for their colleagues, representatives from these foreign communities attended the peace conferences allegedly sponsored by the Romanian religious communities in the 1980s.
The church had occasional difficulties with the Communist state. Its entire leadership was dismissed in 1984 for failing to exercise the required supervision over its assemblies regarding unofficial religious services. Local and regional officials of the Department of Religious Affairs viewed as responsible for allowing these unofficial gatherings to take place were also fired. Church officials were indicted for failing to expel members who had been convicted of illegal Bible distribution. The Department of Religious Affairs intervened and appointed the church's new leadership. Following the 1989 Revolution and the fall of the regime, the two branches split, ostensibly over the issue of baptism, with the second becoming the Evangelical Church of Romania.
Beliefs and organisation
Members see as their forerunners those who thought the church had lost its ability to preach the Gospel after Constantine the Great's Edict of Milan proclaimed religious toleration for Christians in 313 AD. They thus seek a restoration of early Christianity and recognise no hierarchy other than the "headship of Christ". Their focus is on the supreme importance of inner religious life; perceiving the world to be corrupt, they look forward to the premillennial era. The church stresses a strong focus on the Bible and spontaneous divine leading in its services rather than carefully orchestrated worship. Romanian Orthodox theologian Petru Deheleanu noted doctrinal similarities to the Tudorites and the Baptists.
According to the 2011 census, the church had 42,495 members, making up 0.2% of the population; it was the country's 11th largest recognised religious body. There is no hierarchy; instead, the church is completely reliant on a lay ministry. Bible readings and expositions, prayers and fervent singing are a feature of services. There is a spontaneity that leads to considerable member participation, and individual churches express a strong measure of autonomy. At the local level, each church or "gathering" has at least twenty adult members and is led by two to five "elders" or presbyters, who also function as preachers of the Gospel. As of 2008, there were 678 churches and 724 preachers. In 1994, a new structure, the zonal community, was introduced. There are sixteen of these, led by a brethren assembly that elects a leadership committee and is itself elected by the general conference. At the national level, the Union of Christian Evangelical Churches is led by a national brethren assembly that elects the permanent leadership, a president and two vice-presidents. The union's highest body is the quadrennial general conference, which elects the national brethren assembly and confirms the union's permanent leadership.
The church runs the university-level Timotheus Theological Institute in Bucharest and five Bible schools. Since 1949, it has edited Calea Credinţei ("The Path of Faith"), as well as the magazine Ecouri creştine ("Christian Echoes"), expressing its pietistic orientation to life. It has also published a number of theological works. Since 1990, it has run some forty associations and foundations. These involve most church members, and among their activities are teaching, orphanages, kindergartens and relief work. Also since that time, the church has re-established links with evangelical churches outside Romania, and joint projects have included evangelisation, exchanges of Biblical studies and charitable activities.
Notes
References
Earl A. Pope, "Protestantism in Romania", in Sabrina P. Ramet (ed.), Christianity under Stress. Vol. III: Protestantism and Politics in Eastern Europe and Russia: The Communist and Postcommunist Eras, Duke University Press, 1992.
Plymouth Brethren
Evangelicalism in Romania
Religious organizations established in the 1930s
Religious organizations based in Bucharest
ro:Biserica Creștină după Evanghelie
Golden Hour is the third studio album by Norwegian tropical house DJ and record producer Kygo. It was released on 29 May 2020 by Sony Music.
Background
In June 2018, Kygo announced a collaboration with American rock band Imagine Dragons titled "Born to Be Yours". The single was released on 11 June. It streamed 362 million times on Spotify and 120 million times on YouTube, as of 2 January 2020. On 21 September, Kygo debuted their upcoming single, "Happy Now", during their set at the iHeartRadio Music Festival held at the T-Mobile Arena. The single is a collaboration with Sandro Cavazza. On 24 October, Kygo posted a clip from the single's music video on their social media account. The single was released on 26 October. It streamed 109 million times on YouTube and 330 million times on Spotify, as of 2 January 2020
In October 2018, Kygo and their manager, Myles Shear, partnered with Sony Music Entertainment and launched the Palm Tree Records label. Palm Tree Records aims to be a platform for up-and-coming artists.
"Think About You" featuring American singer Valerie Broussard. It was released as a single on 14 February 2019, and considered timed for Valentine's Day.
"Carry On" is a song with English singer Rita Ora, released as a standalone single for the 2019 film Detective Pikachu. The song was released on 19 April 2019 through RCA Records. It has streamed 174 million times on Spotify.
On 23 May 2019, Kygo released "Not OK" with American singer Chelsea Cutler. As of 2 January 2020 its YouTube video has 72 million views and on Spotify the song has been streamed over 69 million times.
On 14 June 2019, Kygo released their first Norwegian-language song, with Bergen rappers Store P and Lars Vaular called "Kem kan eg ringe".
On 28 June 2019, Kygo remixed Whitney Houston's cover version of Steve Winwood's song "Higher Love". On 21 August 2019, "Higher Love" reached No. 1 position on Billboard magazine's Dance Club Songs chart, making it Houston's highest-charting posthumous release to date. "Higher Love" has been streamed over 252 million times on Spotify as of 2 January 2020.
On 6 December 2019, Kygo collaborated with the Chainsmokers on a track, named "Family".
On 20 January Kygo, via their socials, teased an unreleased Avicii track known as "Forever Yours". This track was first played by Avicii at Ultra Music Festival 2016 but never completed during their lifetime, so Kygo gave their tropical touches to the song after Sandro Cavazza, their fellow collaborator, sent them the track, and with due consent from Avicii's family. The track was released on 24 January 2020.
On 23 March 2020, Kygo announced via their social media that they had completed their third album titled Golden Hour. They then released the single "Like It Is", with Zara Larsson and Tyga, on 27 March 2020.
On 2 April 2020, Kygo released "I'll Wait" with vocals by Sasha Sloan. The next day, a music video was released starring real-life American couple Rob Gronkowski and Camille Kostek containing personal footage of their life together. On 16 April 2020, Kygo collaborated with Moroccan-English singer Zak Abel on a track titled "Freedom".
On 11 May 2020, Kygo officially announced the track list for the Golden Hour album. On 15 May 2020, they released another track, with OneRepublic, titled "Lose Somebody", along with the pre-order for the album. Kygo released the sixth and final single from the album, "The Truth", featuring Valerie Broussard (with whom they previously collaborated on "Think About You"), on 22 May 2020.
Track listing
Notes
signifies a co-producer
signifies a vocal producer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2020 albums
Kygo albums
Sony Music albums
Irewole Samuel Oni, known predominantly by their stage name, Wole Oni is a Nigerian born songwriter, Jazz artist, and music producer.  They are a United Nations International Ambassador for Peace, and has been endorsed by Yamaha Corporation Yamaha Gulf FZE as Yamaha first artist signed in the whole of Africa.
Life and career
Born in Akure, Ondo State, Nigeria, Wole was a graduate of the University of Lagos where they studied Computer Science.  They are the writer and producer of singles such as Cover me Lord and a Christmas song titled Come let Is adore Him.
Wole produced notable hit songs like Igwe by the Midnight Crew, Kosobabire by Folake Umosen, Ijoba Orun, Kolebaje, Halleluyah by Lara George, and many others. As a Jazz artist, they have performed at notable Jazz and Rock concerts in the UAE, USA, Ireland, South African, the United Kingdom, and other locations.
Wole is the CEO of Instinct Productions and Wole Oni Music Productions (WOMP). They performed at the Commonwealth Heads of Government Summit with Queen Elizabeth in attendance.
Wole has won multiple awards in their career over the years. Among the notable ones include:
AGMA UK Award for the best producer in Africa 2013, 2014, 2015, Kora award 2004, National Gospel Awards and others.
References
External links
Wole Oni Music Productions website
Living people
Nigerian record producers
Nigerian jazz musicians
Nigerian songwriters
Year of birth missing (living people)
Zhengdong () is a town in the Jiangcheng Hani and Yi Autonomous County of Yunnan in China. It had an estimated population of 11,693 in 2017.
The people of Zhendong mainly speak Southwestern Mandarin, and the majority are Dai people native of Yunnan. The phone area code is 0879. The nearest airport is Pu'er Simao Airport.
Overview
Due to the erratic elevation, ranging from 820 metres (the majority of the town) to 1,698 metres in Beiyin Mountain, the layout is very unorganized, with most of the residents living in the flat part of the town. The annual average temperature is , the sunshine hours 1,695, and rainfall . The entire town has fertile soil and abundant rainfall, giving it a humid subtropical climate (CFA). Thanks to its climate, it is one of the main grain-producing areas of its county. Its land is suitable for planting subtropical crops such as corn, sugar cane, tea, coffee, and fruits. It surrounds three villages, Zhengdong Village, Mantan, Shuishan and 44 other smaller groups of communities. Jiangcheng Farm is the main farm of the town and the entire county, further emphasizing its agricultural importance. It is located on the Laos Border. Its water, electrical and access rate are respectively: 71%, 73.7% and 97.3%.
Villages
, it administers three villages: Zhengdong Village, Mantan Village (), and Huashiban Village ().
Population
Its population was 11,963 in 2017 according to the National Bureau of Statistics. Along with Dai, its other main ethnic groups are Hani, Yao, Yi and Han.
References
Towns of Pu'er City
Divisions of Jiangcheng Hani and Yi Autonomous County
Tucher is a brewery and beer brand based in Fürth and Nuremberg, Germany. It was founded in Nuremberg in 1672 . It is owned by the Radeberger Group, a division of the Oetker Group.
History
The name comes from Freiherrlich von Tucher'sche Brauerei, which was a royal brewery of the House of Tucher von Simmelsdorf.
Operations
As of September 2012, Tucher Bräu exported its products to approximately 21 countries.
As of February 2014, Kerstin Bellair was the only brewmaster at Tucher Bräu. Brewery production is monitored in a control center, and the brewery also has a high-tech laboratory for quality control and assurance testing.
Products
Tucher Bräu produces lagers, several wheat beers, seasonal beers, such as a Christmas beer, and specialty beers.
Awards
Tucher Bräu has received 11 gold medals from the German Agricultural Society.
See also
List of brewing companies in Germany
List of the oldest companies
References
Further reading
External links
Tucher Bräu extends contract for green beer at Greuther Fürth stadium. March 18, 2012.
Beer and breweries in Bavaria
Breweries in Germany
Dr. Oetker
João Alexandre Duarte Ferreira Fernandes (born 31 December 1979), known as Neca, is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a midfielder.
They amassed Primeira Liga totals of 225 matches and 29 goals over the course of 12 seasons, representing in the competition Belenenses, Vitória de Guimarães, Marítimo and Vitória de Setúbal. They also played professionally in Turkey.
Club career
Born in Lisbon, Neca started playing professionally for local C.F. Os Belenenses, being a starter from an early age. In the 2005–06 season they moved to fellow Primeira Liga club Vitória S.C. and, although they were an important first-team member, the Guimarães-based side were relegated.
In the summer of 2006, Neca signed for C.S. Marítimo on a Bosman transfer. After limited playing time, they were loaned out to Konyaspor in January 2007. They were definitely released by the Madeirans in December but stayed in Turkey, switching to Ankaraspor.
In late December 2009, Neca agreed on a return to their country, signing with struggling Vitória F.C. until the end of the campaign and contributing with 11 games and two goals as the Sadinos eventually escaped relegation. In the summer of 2012, at nearly 33, they returned to Konyaspor, with the club now in the second division.
International career
Neca represented Portugal at both the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship and the 2002 UEFA European Under-21 Championship. In 2002, courtesy of their consistent performances at Belenenses, they earned two full caps.
References
External links
National team data
1979 births
Living people
Footballers from Lisbon
Portuguese footballers
Association football midfielders
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Segunda Divisão players
C.F. Os Belenenses players
Vitória S.C. players
C.S. Marítimo players
Vitória F.C. players
S.C. Farense players
C.D. Pinhalnovense players
Süper Lig players
TFF First League players
Konyaspor footballers
Ankaraspor footballers
Portugal youth international footballers
Portugal under-21 international footballers
Portugal international footballers
Portuguese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Badminton will be contested at the 2011 Summer Universiade from August 16 to August 22 at the Gymnasium of Shenzhen Institute of Information Technology in Shenzhen, China. Men's and women's singles, men's, women's, and mixed doubles, and mixed team events will be contested. The training venue was held at the Badminton Hall of Longgang Sports Center.
Medal summary
Medal table
Events
References
2011 Summer Universiade events
2011
Tobias "Toby" Hampson (born December 20, 1975) is an attorney and judge of the North Carolina Court of Appeals.
Hampson graduated from the North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics and earned an undergraduate degree in international studies and history from American University in 1998. They earned their Juris Doctor degree from the Norman Adrian Wiggins School of Law in 2002. They worked as a law clerk to judge K. Edward Greene, Wanda Bryant and Robert C. Hunter of the North Carolina Court of Appeals from 2002 to 2004, as an attorney at Patterson Dilthey from 2004 to 2007, and at Wyrick, Robbins, Yates & Ponton from 2007 to 2018.
In 2018, Hampson was elected to an eight-year term on the North Carolina Court of Appeals (expiring 2026). They took office in January 2019.
References
1975 births
Living people
21st-century American judges
American University alumni
Campbell University alumni
North Carolina Court of Appeals judges
North Carolina Democrats
Juncus compressus is a species of flowering plant in the rush family, Juncaceae. It is native to temperate Eurasia.Juncus compressus is easy to confuse with J. gerardii.
Description
About 80 cm in height. Rhizomes are short-creeping or densely branching. There are 1-3 cataphylls, and 1-2 leaves. The leaf blade is flat to slightly channeled, measuring 5–35 cm long and 0.8–2 mm wide. Inflorescences consist of 5-60 flowers. Flowers have six stamens, with filaments measuring 0.5-0.7 mm and anthers 0.6–1 mm. Seed capsules are brown.
Habitat
Juncus compressus prefers calcareous wetlands and is often associated with disturbed habitats, such as ditches, roadsides, railroads, and canal banks.
Invasive species
The plant is considered an invasive species in The United States of America.
References
compressus
Flora of Europe
Flora of Asia
Mee Pwar () is Burmese film director who won the Myanmar Motion Picture Academy Awards for best director with the film Zaw Ka Ka Nay The(Dancing the Zawgyi Dance) in 2009.
Filmography
Film
Yan Thu 2020
Problem (Myanmar) 2019
Kyar Tot The Lal Mg Sagar
The Enemy (Myanmar)
Angel of Eden (Burmese Movie)
Sweet Vengeance for Love 2017
POST MYANMORE AWARDS 2015 THANK YOU
Into The Hills
Zaw-Ka Ka Nay Thi (Dancing the Zawgyi Dance) 2009
Colorsone Lesson
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Burmese film directors
Burmese film producers
University of Yangon alumni
People from Yangon
"Me or Sum" is a song by American rapper Nardo Wick featuring American rappers Future and Lil Baby. It was released on November 29, 2021 as the second single from Wick's debut studio album Who Is Nardo Wick? (2021). The song was produced by Z3N and DVLP.
Composition and lyrics
In the song, the three artists rap about each of their luxurious lifestyles and experiences and attracting women as a result. Particularly, they mention how their romantic partners think they are "me or something". Future delivers the first verse; the beat then switches, shifting to a more aggressive tone, and Future's verse is followed by Nardo Wick and Lil Baby's verses respectively.
Music video
An official music video for the song was released on February 3, 2022. The video was directed by MadeByJames and is set in the Roaring Twenties. It starts with Future rapping in a bedroom and being "distracted by a woman's beauty". Nardo Wick raps in a room (described as a Depression-era juke joint) filled with individuals gambling, drinking and smoking, as well as women. While rapping, they plan out a heist with their crew. During the third verse, Lil Baby and their "lady friend" carry out the heist, stealing cash and jewelry. Baby also raps to a surveillance camera. The three rappers reunite and celebrate their success in the end.
Charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2021 singles
2021 songs
Nardo Wick songs
Future (rapper) songs
Lil Baby songs
Songs written by Future (rapper)
Songs written by Lil Baby
RCA Records singles
Awiakay, also known as Karamba or Kansomai, is a little-known Arafundi language of New Guinea.
References
Arafundi languages
Languages of East Sepik Province
Novak, also known as Cindell Spur, is a ghost town in Lawrence County, South Dakota, United States. It was an early mining camp.
History
Novak was founded next to Greenwood, as the latter began to decline, in the early 1900s. Investors in the Safe Investment Mine and Mill settled in Novak. Safe Investment grew to have a bad reputation, as investors realized that they were actually losing money. In 1903 and 1904, the Novak mine began to develop. By 1906, they had paid off their debt. As the mining company grew, so did the town. In 1907, there were no saloons or dance houses. Gambling occasionally went on in the boarding house. The Black Hills & Fort Pierre Railroad built a branch to the town. There were three houses built by the mining company and several other cabins, and a school that served six students. Novak used the cemetery in Greenwood instead of building its own. A nearby creek was used for water.
The mine eventually ran its course and was no longer profitable. After the mining operations shut down, most of the residents left Novak. The school closed and the remaining children traveled to Benchmark for school. Until about the 1980s, Novak had two permanently occupied houses, but soon after that, the remaining residents either died or left, and Novak was officially abandoned. In 1974, the only remains of the town were two buildings and a large meadow.
Geography
Novak is located in the northern Black Hills in Lawrence County,. Founded on the bank of Boxelder Creek, it is located along what is today Nemo Road. It is 2.5 miles away from Benchmark and three miles northwest of Nemo.
See also
Black Hills Gold Rush
Nemo, South Dakota
References
Ghost towns in South Dakota
Geography of Lawrence County, South Dakota
Mining communities in South Dakota
Beat Meier (7 March 1959 – 2016) was a Swiss biathlete. They competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1959 births
2016 deaths
Swiss male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Switzerland
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
People from Chur
Sportspeople from Graubünden
Malta competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 7 to 18 September 2016. The country's participation in Rio marked its ninth appearance at the quadrennial event with the exception of the years between 1988 and 2004. The delegation consisted of one short-distance swimmer, Vladyslava Kravchenko, who was announced as the country's representative in April 2016. They were chosen as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony. Kravchenko competed in three swimming events but failed to advance into the final of each event as their times in their respective competitions were not fast enough to qualify for the later stages of each contest.
Background
Malta participated in nine Summer Paralympic Games between its début at the 1960 Summer Paralympics in Rome and the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro with the exceptions of 1976 and 1988 through to 2004. Entering the 2016 competition, eight athletes representing Malta had won a total of seven medals in athletics, lawn bowls, snooker and table tennis. Malta competed at the 2016 Rio Summer Paralympic Games from 7 to 18 September. The Malta Federation of Sports Associations for Disabled Persons (MFSADP) had financial difficulties heading into the Rio Paralympics but these were resolved when a company lent financial aid for defraying travel costs and enabled payment to the International Paralympic Committee. The MFSADP sent a single short-distance swimmer to the Games, Vladyslava Kravchenko, who was confirmed as part of the team in April 2016. Kravchenko travelled with their coach Isabelle Zarb. 2008 Maltese representative Antonio Flores (athletics) severely injured their right foot during training and withdrew from the quadrennial event. Another unknown athlete failed to qualify for not meeting the necessary qualification times. Kravchenko was selected as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Swimming
Ukrainian-born Vladyslava Kravchenko, paralysed due to a spinal cord injury they sustained from a lighting structure falling on them at a September 2008 party in Qawra, was the sole para-athlete to represent Malta at the Rio Paralympic Games and was the first woman to represent the country in the quadrennial event since the 1980 Arnhem Paralympics. They were 25 years old at the time of the Games. They joined the Maltese Paralympic team in January 2013, and made an arrangement that enabled them to train for the Games while continuing to work as a chartered accountant for PricewaterhouseCoopers Malta.
Kravchenko was drawn in the second heat of the women's 50 metre butterfly S5 on 10 September, failing to progress into the final as their time of one minutes and 18.68 seconds placed their seventh in their heat and last overall. They were 27.12 seconds slower than the slowest competitor who reached the final. They similarly did not advance into the final of the women's 100 metre breaststroke SB4 held the following day because their time of three minutes and 21.16 seconds placed their thirteenth (and last) overall. The final swimming competition Kravchenko took part in was the women's 50 metre backstroke S5 on 16 September. They again failed to advance into the final after their time of one minute and 3.12 seconds, placed their sixth (and last overall) in the second heat and was 12.19 seconds slower than the slowest swimmer who progressed to the later stages.
Women
See also
Malta at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Maltese sport
Dastjan (, also Romanized as Dastjān and Dastejān; also known as Dostkānd) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,263, in 365 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
The 2017 IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia Division I was the fourth IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia Division I tournament, an annual international ice hockey tournament held by the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF). It took place between 22 and 25 April 2017 in Kuwait City, Kuwait. The host Kuwait won the tournament and was promoted to the 2018 IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia.
Participants
Standings
External links
Division I Statistics
IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia Division I
IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia Division I
IIHF Challenge Cups of Asia
April 2017 sports events in Asia
International ice hockey competitions hosted by Kuwait
Sekijang is a federal constituency in Segamat District, Johor, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2004.
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Sekijang constituency has a total of 26 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Johor federal constituencies
Pretty Deadly is a creator-owned American comic book series by Kelly Sue DeConnick and Spanish artist Emma Ríos, distributed by Image Comics. The story combines elements from western and horror genres, and draws on aspects from mythology and folklore. Pretty Deadly is Deconnick and Ríos' third collaboration, their first being Osborn in 2011 and their second being issues #5 & 6 of the 2012 Captain Marvel series. The initial print run for issue one of 57,000 copies sold out.
The Pretty Deadly creative team was nominated for several Eisner Awards in 2014: DeConnick for Best Writer, Ríos for Best Penciller/Inker and Best Cover Artist, and Jordie Bellaire for Best Coloring. In 2020, Ríos won the Eisner Award for Best Cover Artist for their work on Volume 3: The Rat.
Collected editions
References
External links
Comics publications
Comics about women
Western (genre) comics
Feminist comics
Saudi Aramco Rig 201 is offshore rig owned and managed by Saudi Aramco. This jackup type rig is located in the Persian Gulf.
This rig was built in 1982 in Singapore and has a max drill depth of 20,000 Feet.
References
Oil platforms
Saudi Aramco
Spas Zlatev (born 14 May 1964) is a Bulgarian biathlete. They competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics and the 1992 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Bulgarian male biathletes
Bulgarian male cross-country skiers
Olympic biathletes of Bulgaria
Olympic cross-country skiers of Bulgaria
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
People from Samokov
Sportspeople from Sofia Province
20th-century Bulgarian people
21st-century Bulgarian people
The Stafford and Lovell rebellion was the first armed uprising against King Henry VII after they won the crown at the Battle of Bosworth in 1485. The uprising was led by Francis Lovell, Viscount Lovell along with Sir Humphrey Stafford and Thomas Stafford, brothers from Grafton, Worcestershire. The uprising occurred during Eastertime 1486.
Rebellion
After the Battle of Bosworth in 1485, Francis Lord Lovell and Humphrey Stafford sought sanctuary at Colchester Abbey. The conspirators hoped to restore the Yorkist monarchy.
Henry VII used spies to monitor the activities of known Yorkist supporters. Sometime in April 1486, King Henry learned that Lovell and Humphrey Stafford had escaped and were planning a rebellion. Sir Richard Edgcumbe and Sir William Tyler were appointed by the King to apprehend Lovell. With the failure of the plot, Lovell first joined fellow rebels at Furness Falls and later fled to Margaret of York in Flanders. In the meantime the Stafford brothers had risen in rebellion in Worcester, despite the fact that King Henry had mass support in that area.
During this time Henry was in York on a nationwide tour of the country. As soon as they advanced towards Worcester in order to eliminate Yorkist support, on 11 May 1486 the Stafford brothers again fled to sanctuary, this time at Culham in the church belonging to Abingdon Abbey.
Conclusion of the rebellion and its consequences
King Henry had the Staffords forcibly removed from the abbey on the night of 14 May by 60 armed men led by their knight Sir John Savage, who had commanded the left flank of their army at the Battle of Bosworth. When the abbot found out about what had happened they sent a written complaint to the authorities about what they saw as an outrageous infringement of their abbey's ancient privileges as a place of sanctuary. However, the two men were tried before the Court of King's Bench, where the justices ruled that sanctuary was not applicable in cases of treason. Henry then ordered the execution of Sir Humphrey Stafford of Grafton, but pardoned the younger Thomas Stafford.
The arrest prompted a series of protests to Pope Innocent VIII over the breaking of sanctuary; these resulted in a papal bull in August which agreed to some modifications affecting the privilege.
Sir John Conyers, who was suspected of being involved in the revolt, was stripped of their flight attendantship of Middleham and had a £2,000 bond imposed. The Abbot of Abingdon, who had organised sanctuary for the Stafford brothers, was given a 3000-mark bond of allegiance.
Henry had no wish to alienate Viscount Lovell and their family. On 5 July 1486 they were appointed a justice of oyer and terminer. Lovell would later return to England and again take up arms against the king, fighting what is considered to be the final battle of the Wars of the Roses when Yorkist and Lancastrian forces met at the Battle of Stoke Field on 16 June 1487. Sir John Savage was also again present on the day, as one of the main cavalry commanders of King Henry's forces. The battle was a decisive victory for Henry, with almost all the leading Yorkists killed, and never again would a battle be fought along Yorkist and Lancastrian lines. Lovell survived the defeat but then disappeared shortly after their escape, and was never seen again.
Footnotes
References
Tudor rebellions
1486 in Europe
1486 in England
Conflicts in 1486
Henry VII of England
15th-century rebellions
Masatsune (written: , , or ) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese poet
, Japanese daimyō
, Japanese daimyō
, Japanese politician
, Japanese swordsman
Japanese masculine given names
Cyber Vaar – Har Screen Crime Scene is and Indian crime thriller web series directed by Ankush Bhatt. Produced by Tanveer Bookwala under the banner of Ding Entertainment. It features Mohit Malik and Sanaya Irani. The series released 10 June 2022 on streaming platform Voot. and has 20 episodes as of 4 September, 2022.
Cast
Main
Mohit Malik as ACP Akash Malik
Sanaya Irani as Ananya Saini
Recurring
Keshav Uppal as Tech Bro K
Neha Khan as Asha
Amitabh Ghanekar as Hau Sahib
Indraneel Bhattacharya as Mr. Roy
Abhinav Shukla as Vikram; Akash 's Childhood Friend
Yuvika Chaudhary as Gauri;Ananya's Sister
Naveen Saini
Aashish Kaul
Gavie Chahal
Flora Saini
Reception
Archika Khurana from The Times Of India rated the series 2.5 out of 5 and overall praised the lead actors Mohit Malik and Sanaya Irani of the series.
Neha Farheen from Aaj Tak shared their critical review stating that the story of the web series is average.
References
External links
Cyber Vaar on Voot
2022 Indian television series debuts
Hindi-language web series
Psychological thriller web series
Indian drama web series
The 18th Sarasaviya Awards festival (Sinhala: 18වැනි සරසවිය සම්මාන උලෙළ), presented by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited, was held to honor the best films of 1988 Sinhala cinema on August 25, 1989, at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall, Colombo 07, Sri Lanka. Their Excellency The President Ranasinghe Premadasa was the chief guest at the awards night.
The film Siri Medura won the most awards with eight including Best Film.
Awards
References
Sarasaviya Awards
1989 film awards
Sarasaviya
Sarasaviya
Teatro Giuseppe Verdi (the Giuseppe Verdi Theatre) is a small opera house located in a wing of the Rocca dei Marchesi Pallavicino on the Piazza Giuseppe Verdi in Busseto, Italy, a town closely associated with the life of the opera composer, Giuseppe Verdi. From the 13th century, the “rocca” or “fortress” was the family's palace; it is now the city hall after being acquired by the municipality in 1856. The theatre opened on 15 August 1868 and seats 300.
Prior to 1856, a theatre existed in the same location, and while plans to build a new one were begun in 1845, nothing happened until the municipality took over. Designed by Pier Luigi Montecchini, the theatre is located on an upper level of the City Hall and is reached by a large staircase. Outside the theatre is a bust of Verdi by Giovanni Dupré. The interior
is traditionally horseshoe-shaped with three rows of boxes and an elegantly designed ceiling featuring four medallions representing comedy, tragedy, melodrama, and romantic drama.
Although Verdi opposed its construction (it would be “too expensive and useless in the future”, they said) and is reputed never to have set foot in it, they did contribute 10,000 lire towards the construction and maintained their own box. On opening night, operagoers dressed in green, the men all wearing green ties, the women wearing green dresses. Two Verdi operas were presented: Rigoletto and Un ballo in maschera. Verdi did not attend even though they lived only two miles away at their home, the Villa Verdi, in the village of Sant'Agata in Villanova sull'Arda.
In 1913, Arturo Toscanini conducted a performance of Falstaff in celebration of the centenary of Verdi's birth and to raise funds for what is now a large monument of the seated composer located in the piazza. In 2001 the theatre re-painted the sets from 1913 for a revival; these were used again in October 2013 for a Verdi bi-centenary performance of Falstaff.
The theatre has been extensively renovated in the 1990s. It presents a regular season of opera performances.
See also
National Museum of Giuseppe Verdi
Villa Verdi
References
Sources
Associazione Amici di Verdi (ed.), Con Verdi nella sua terra, Busetto, 1997 (visitors' guide, in English)
Plantamura, Carole, The Opera Lover's Guide to Europe, Secaucus, New Jersey: Citadel Press, 1996.
External links
Busseto municipality website
Verdi website with photos of Busseto locations, in English
Opera houses in Italy
Theatres in Italy
Giuseppe Verdi
Music venues completed in 1868
Buildings and structures in the Province of Parma
Performing arts venues in Emilia-Romagna
Theatres completed in 1868
Tsavo West National Park is located in the Coast Province of Kenya. The park covers an area of 9,065 square kilometres. The A109 road Nairobi-Mombasa and a railway divides it from the adjoining Tsavo East National Park. Together with adjoining ranches and protected areas, they comprise the Tsavo Conservation Area. Tsavo West is a more popular destination on account of its magnificent scenery, Mzima Springs, rich and varied wildlife, good road system, rhino reserve, rock climbing potential and guided walks along the Tsavo River. The park is operated by Kenya Wildlife Service.
Archaeology and history
Although a few Early Stone Age and Middle Stone Age archaeological sites are recorded from ground surface finds in Tsavo, there is much evidence for thriving Late Stone Age economy from 6,000 to 1,300 years ago. Research has shown that Late Stone Age archaeological sites are found close to the Galana River in high numbers. The inhabitants of these sites hunted wild animals, fished and kept domesticated animals. Because of the sparse availability of water away from the Galana River, human settlement in Tsavo focused on the riparian areas and in rockshelters as one moves west.
Swahili merchants traded with the inhabitants of Tsavo for ivory, catskins, and probably slaves as early as 700 AD (and probably earlier). There is no evidence for direct Swahili "colonization" of Tsavo. Instead, trade was probably accomplished by moving goods to and from the Swahili Coast via extended kin-networks. Trade goods such as cowry shells and beads have been recovered from archaeological sites dating to the early Swahili period.
19th-century British and German explorers document people we now refer to as Orma and Waata during their travels through the "nyika," and generally viewed them as hostile toward their interests. Beginning in the late 19th century, the British began to colonise the interior of Kenya and built the Uganda Railway through Tsavo in 1898. The construction of the railway was noted for the killings of a number of construction workers in 1898, during the building of a bridge across the Tsavo River. Hunting mainly at night, a pair of maneless male lions stalked and killed at least 28 Indian and African workers – although some accounts put the number of victims as high as 135. The lions, dubbed "the Maneaters of Tsavo," were eventually shot and killed by the bridge construction supervisor, Lt.-Col. John Henry Patterson. The skins and skulls are now displayed in the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago.
Tsavo remained the homeland for Orma and Maasai pastoralists and Waata hunter-gatherers until 1948, when it was gazetted a national park. At that time, the indigenous populations were relocated to Voi and Mtito Andei as well as other locations within the nearby Taita Hills. Following Kenyan independence in 1963, hunting was banned in the park and management of Tsavo was turned over to the authority that eventually became the Kenya Wildlife Service. Tsavo currently attracts photo-tourists from all over the world interested in experiencing the vastness of the wilderness and incredible terrain.
Rock climbing
In 1978 Bill Woodley, then the warden of Tsavo West, invited the Mountain Club of Kenya (MCK) to explore the cliffs in the park. The setting for climbers is superb with elephant roaming the plains below the cliffs and eagles, vultures and falcons circling on thermals around the crags with Kilimanjaro frequently visible on a clear day. The rock-climbing is some of the best in Kenya, solid gneiss walls are often covered in holds and free of vegetation. Cracks and corners abound, but tend to be more vegetated. The most impressive piece of rock, the 300m high east face of Kichwa Tembo, attracted the first explorers and resulted in the ascent of Great Tsavo Chimney. Mastodon took three visits before it was completed. A more recent route, Ivory Tower on Elephant Rocks, ranks with the best and hardest bush climb in Kenya. Generally pegs need not be carried. Unless climbing in the shade, an early start is advisable as it often gets very hot on clear days.
The permit the MCK has to climb here, and to camp by the Tsavo River, is a special privilege and every effort must be made not to jeopardise this situation by careless actions. Other climbers should initially contact the MCK if wishing to climb here.
Details of climbs and access procedures: Rock Climbing Guide to Kichwa Tembo
Wildlife
Tsavo West National Park has a variety of wildlife, such as eastern black rhinoceros, hippopotamus, Cape buffalo, elephant, leopard and lion. There are also other smaller animals that can be spotted in the park, such as the bushbaby, hartebeest, lesser kudu and Masai giraffe.
See also
Mzima Springs - a series of natural springs and pools, famous for its hippo and crocodile populations
Tsavo the local region
Tsavo East adjoining National Park, founded 1948
References
External links
http://www.tsavonationalpark.co.ke/tsavo-west-national-park-kenya-accommodation-safari-tented-camps-lodges-hotels.html
Kenya Wildlife Service – Parks and reserves
World Database on Protected Areas: Tsavo West National Park
National parks of Kenya
Protected areas established in 1948
Tsavo National Park
Coast Province
Northern Acacia-Commiphora bushlands and thickets
{{Infobox Political post
|post = President
|body = the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela
|native_name =
|insignia = Presidential Standard of Venezuela.svgborder
|insigniacaption = Presidential Standard of Venezuela
|image = Nicolás Maduro 2022 (cropped).jpeg
| imagesize = 150px
|incumbent =
Nicolás Maduro
|incumbentsince = 5 March 2013Disputed since 10 January 2019
|style = Mr. President() Their Excellency({{small|Su Excelencia}})
|memberof = Cabinet
|residence = La Casona (es)
|seat = Miraflores Palace, Caracas
|appointer = Popular vote election
|termlength = Six years
|salary = 4,068 USD monthly
|formation = 13 January 1830
|inaugural = Cristóbal Mendoza José Antonio Páez
|deputy = Vice President of Venezuela
|website = presidencia.gob.ve
}}
The president of Venezuela (), officially known as the President of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela (), is the head of state and head of government in Venezuela. The president leads the National Executive of the Venezuelan government and is the commander-in-chief of the National Bolivarian Armed Forces. Presidential terms were set at six years with the adoption of the 1999 Constitution of Venezuela, and presidential term limits were removed in 2009.
The office of president in Venezuela has existed since the 1811 Venezuelan Declaration of Independence from the Spanish Crown; the first president was Cristóbal Mendoza. From 1821 to 1830, Venezuela was a member state of Gran Colombia, and the Venezuelan executive was absorbed by the Colombian government in Bogotá. When the State of Venezuela became independent from Gran Colombia, the office of the president was restored under José Antonio Páez. Every head of state of Venezuela since then has held the title of president.
During the 19th century, Venezuela suffered political turmoil and autocracy, remaining dominated by regional military dictators until the mid-20th century. Since 1958, the country has had a series of democratic governments, as an exception where most of the region was ruled by military dictatorships, and the period was characterized by economic prosperity.
As of June 2022, the Venezuelan presidential crisis is unresolved and who holds the office is disputed since 10 January 2019, when the opposition-majority National Assembly declared that incumbent Nicolás Maduro's 2018 re-election was invalid and the body declared its president, Juan Guaidó, to be acting president of the country. However, support for Guaidó has declined since a failed military uprising attempt in April 2019. As of July 2021, efforts led by Guaidó to create a transitional government have been described as unsuccessful by various analysts and media networks, with Maduro continuing to control Venezuela's state institutions. As of 6 January 2021, the European Union stopped recognizing Guaidó as president (although Guaidó was never recognized by the entire European Union block because of Italy's veto), but the EU still does not recognize Maduro as the legitimate president, threatening their government with further sanctions.
Powers
As a self described republic with a presidential executive, Venezuela grants significant powers to the president. They or they effectively control the executive branch, represents the country abroad, and appoints the cabinet and, with the approval of the National Assembly, the judges for the Supreme Tribunal of Justice. The president is also the commander-in-chief of the National Bolivarian Armed Forces (FANB).
The powers and obligations of the president of Venezuela are established, limited and numbered by articles 236 and 237 of the constitution:
To comply with and enforce the Constitution and the law.
To direct the activity of the Government.
To appoint and remove the Executive Vice-president and the Cabinet Ministers.
To direct the international relations of the Republic and sign and ratify international treaties, agreements or conventions.
To direct the National Armed Forces in their capacity as Commander-in-Chief, exercise supreme hierarchical Authority over the same and establish their contingent.
To exercise supreme command over the National Armed Forces, promote their officers at the rank of colonel or naval captain and above, and appoint them to the positions exclusively reserved to them.
To declare states of exception and order the restriction of guarantees in the cases provided for under the Constitution.
To issue executive orders having the force of law, subject to authorization in advance by an enabling act.
To call special sessions of the National Assembly.
To issue regulations for the application of laws, in whole or in part, without altering the spirit, purpose and reason for being of the laws.
To administer the National Public Treasury.
To negotiate national loans.
To order extraordinary budget item in addition to the budget, subject to authorization in advance from the National Assembly or the Delegated Committee.
To enter into contracts in the national interest, subject to this Constitution and applicable laws.
To designate, subject to prior authorization from the National Assembly or the Delegated Committee, the Attorney-General of the Republic and the heads of the permanent diplomatic missions.
To designate and remove those officials whose appointment is made subject to their discretion by the Constitution or the applicable law.
To address reports or special messages to the National Assembly, either in person or through the executive vice-president.
To formulate the National Development Plan and, subject to approval in advance from the National Assembly, direct the implementation of the same.
To grant pardons.
To determine the number, organization and competence of the Ministries and other organs comprising the National Public Administrative Branch, as well as the organization and functions of the Cabinet Ministers, within the principles and guidelines set forth in the pertinent organic law.
To dissolve the National Assembly in the case contemplated by the Constitution.
To call reference in the cases provided for under the present Constitution.
To call and preside over meetings of the National Defense Council.
Any others vested in the president under the Constitution and law.
Complements and compensations
The president's salary directly derives from the National Treasury, as stated in the Organic Law of Salaries, Pensions and Retirements of High Officials of the Public Power. During their or their tenure, the president may not be employed by anyone else, nor receive any other salary from the state. The president's salary is not to be superior to twelve monthly minimum wages, that is to say, 67,469.76 VEF (as of February 2015).
The of Venezuela is in charge of the president's protection, as well as the presidential family and their political peers. The Presidential Guard of Honor is made up of members from the four service branches of the National Bolivarian Armed Forces and other institutions of public security, and is headed by a general or flag officer.
Since 1900, the official workplace of the president is the Palace of Miraflores in Caracas. The presidential residence has been the palace of La Casona since 1964, instituted by president Raúl Leoni. La Casona is not used by incumbent president Maduro, who has decided not to inhabit it.
History
The presidential designation encompasses only those persons who were sworn into office as President of Venezuela following Venezuela's declaration of independence from Spanish colonial rule, which took effect on July 5, 1811. The first president, taking office on July 5, 1811, was actually the president of a triumvirate of the first established Republic of Venezuela that rotated the presidency weekly. The person serving as president during the week of July 5 was one of the three signatories of the Declaration of Independence: Cristóbal Mendoza. Mendoza shared the triumvirate with Juan Escalona and Baltasar Padrón. A second triumvirate followed on April 3, 1812, whose members were Francisco Espejo, Fernando Toro and Francisco Javier Ustariz.Briceño Perozo, Mario. "Mendoza, Cristóbal de" in Diccionario de Historia de Venezuela, Vol. 3. Caracas: Fundación Polar, 1999. .
Owing to the profound confusion of the Venezuelan War of Independence and the period of Gran Colombia over what is now Venezuela, this page has gaps between 1813 and 1819. For this period in time, historians refer to the Republic of Venezuela as the Second Republic of Venezuela (1813–1814) and the Third Republic of Venezuela (1817–1819) as Simon Bolivar twice reestablished the republic. The Congress of Angostura appointed Simón Bolívar "Supreme Commander of the Republic of Venezuela" (Jefe Supremo de la República de Venezuela) from 1819 until 1830.
In 1830, José Antonio Páez declared Venezuela independent from Gran Colombia and became president, taking office on January 13, 1830. Although they were not the first president of Venezuela (having in mind Cristóbal Mendoza in 1811), they were the first head of state of independent Venezuela, after the dissolution of Gran Colombia. From that point on, five constitutions were adopted, all slightly changing the extent of the president's powers and responsibilities.
During the 19th century, Venezuela suffered political turmoil and autocracy, remaining dominated by regional military dictators until the mid-20th century. Since 1958, the country has had a series of democratic governments, as an exception where most of the region was ruled by military dictatorships, and the period was characterized by economic prosperity.
Requirements
According to articles 227 and 229 of the Constitution of Venezuela, adopted in 1999, the following requirements must be met in order to become President of Venezuela:
Being a Venezuelan citizen from birth and possessing no other nationality.
Being at least 30 years old at the time of the election.
Not being a subject to any conviction by final judgment.
Not being a Minister, governor, mayor, or the vice president of the Republic from the day the candidacy is announced to the day of the election.
Term limits
The current presidential term is for six years with the constitutionally guaranteed recourse of holding a popular recall referendum any time within the last three years of a presidential term. A 2009 referendum removed the previous restrictions which limited the president to 2 terms.
From 1958 to 1999, the presidential term was set at five years. A sitting president was not only barred from immediate reelection, but could not run again for 10 years (equivalent to two full terms) after leaving office.
Recall
The president may be recalled after a specific time in office.
2004 Venezuelan recall referendum
2016 Venezuelan recall referendum (not approved)
Office-holders
Presidents of Venezuela who served under the 1864 constitution (starting with Juan Crisóstomo Falcón) bore the title of "President of the Union", instead of the usual "President of the Republic" still used today. Aside from that, all heads of state of the country since 1811 have held the title of "President of Venezuela", with minor variations regarding the official name of the country (which has changed four times since the restoration of the independence in 1830).
Latest election
2019–ongoing crisis
Nicolás Maduro of the United Socialist Party of Venezuela (PSUV) entered the office as interim president on 5 March 2013 after the death of Hugo Chávez, and was elected in the 2013 presidential election. They were reelected in the 2018 presidential election, which was disputed amid charges of irregularities including: the elections were held four months before the prescribed date, multiple major opposition parties were banned from participating or imprisoned, and there were charges of vote-buying.
On 5 January 2019, the National Assembly declared that—following the expiration of the mandate granted through the 2013 presidential election—Maduro would have no constitutional mandate to govern Venezuela if they were sworn in on 10 January. Article 233 of the Venezuelan Constitution establishes that in the event of a presidential vacuum, the president of the National Assembly takes charge of the presidency until a new election is called within 30 days. Noting that the 2018 presidential election failed to adhere to constitutional requirements, the National Assembly contend that Maduro's second term never began, and the seat is vacant.
On 11 January, Juan Guaidó of the Popular Will party and president of the legislature stated that they were prepared to take on the role of acting president. With the National Assembly recognizing a vacuum in the office of the president, and citing Article 233 of the Venezuelan Constitution, Guaidó was declared acting president of Venezuela by that body on 16 January. The legislature approved the Statute Governing the Transition to Democracy to Re-establish the Validity of the Constitution of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela () on 5 February, defining the timing of the transition.
Maduro's controversial win and Guaidó's subsequent claim triggered the Venezuelan presidential crisis. The international community is divided on the issue of the Venezuelan presidency; AP News'' reported that "familiar geopolitical sides" had formed, with allies Russia, China, Iran, Syria, and Cuba supporting Maduro, and the US, Canada, and most of Western Europe supporting Guaidó. Moreover, the United Nations has continued to recognize the Maduro presidency as the legal representative of Venezuela as of December 2019.
See also
List of presidents of Venezuela
List of vice presidents of Venezuela
History of Venezuela
Politics of Venezuela
References
External links
Official website of the Presidency of Venezuela
Official website of the Venezuelan Government
1830 establishments in Venezuela
"El Verdadero Amor Perdona" (English: "True Love Forgives") is the third single from Mexican Latin pop/Rock en Español band Maná's eighth studio album Drama y Luz. The song also features a bachata duet with Prince Royce on their Deluxe Edition of Drama y Luz album. The song is produced by Fher Olvera & Alex González and won for Collaboration of the Year and Rock/Alternative Song of the Year at the Premio Lo Nuestro 2013.
Music video
The music video for the song, which was directed by Pablo Croce and shoot at the El Charco del Ingenio botanical a botanical garden just outside Guanajuato, Mexico. This video features a DINA S.A. bus (probably a coach).
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Decade-end charts
See also
List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Songs of 2011
List of Billboard number-one Latin songs of 2012
References
2011 singles
Maná songs
Spanish-language songs
Songs written by Fher Olvera
Prince Royce songs
Bachata songs
Warner Music Latina singles
2011 songs
The 1909 Scottish Cup final was the final of the 36th season of the Scottish Cup. The match was an Old Firm affair contested by Rangers and Celtic at Hampden Park, with the trophy being withheld by the Scottish Football Association following crowd disorder.
The final ended 2–2 on 10 April, prompting a replay which took place on 17 April. When that ended 1–1, the initial assumption was that extra time would follow, but competition rules only provided for that in the event of a second replay. When it became clear to the crowd that extra time would not be played, and fuelled by rumours that the results were manipulated to increase ticket revenue, the crowd invaded the pitch. In the ensuing disorder, the goalposts were torn down, parts of the pitch were ripped up and the wooden pay-boxes were set alight. Mounted police and the fire brigade also came under attack and in total there were over 100 injuries.
Both clubs requested the SFA not schedule a second replay and subsequently, the trophy and medals were withheld. Queen's Park F.C., the owners of Hampden, were paid £500 in compensation by the SFA, who ordered both competing clubs to pay an additional £150 each.
Summary
Teams
References
External links
Scottish Cup Archive Game 1
Scottish Cup Archive Game 2
Fitbastats.com - Scottish Cup Final 1909
Fitbastats.com - Scottish Cup Final replay 1909
1909
Scottish Cup Final 1909
Scottish Cup Final 1909
Sports riots
1900s in Glasgow
1909 in Scottish sport
April 1909 sports events
1909 riots
Riots and civil disorder in Scotland
Old Firm matches
The American College of Prosthodontists (ACP) is a not-for-profit organization representing prosthodontists within organized dentistry and to the public, with more than 3,700 members worldwide. Prosthodontics is one of the nine dental specialties defined by the American Dental Association, which recognizes the American College of Prosthodontists as the national organization representing the prosthodontic specialty.
Membership is open to individuals who have graduated from or are currently enrolled in an ADA-accredited advanced prosthodontics program. The ACP is the only prosthodontic specialty association where membership is based solely on education credentials. Certified dental laboratory technician and members of the prosthodontic academic community may become Alliance members of the College.
Publications
The Journal of Prosthodontics is the official scholarly journal of the College, published eight times annually by Wiley-Blackwell. The Journal of Prosthodontics provides a forum for the presentation and discussion of evidence-based prosthodontic research, techniques, and procedures. The College also publishes a quarterly consumer-focused magazine, the ACP Messenger.
Affiliate organizations
The College works with three affiliate organizations. The ACP Education Foundation seeks to expand education, research, and growth opportunities in prosthodontics. The American Board of Prosthodontics certifies individuals who have demonstrated special knowledge and skills in prosthodontics. The Prosthodontic Forum represents 19 member organizations, attempting to provide a unified voice and a means of exchanging ideas, incentives and information between prosthodontically oriented organizations.
References
External links
ACP Education Foundation
American Board of Prosthodontics
American College of Prosthodontists website
Journal of Prosthodontics
Prosthodontic Forum
Dental organizations based in the United States
1970 establishments in Illinois
Medical and health professional associations in Chicago
The Jamaica Pegasus Hotel is a hotel in Kingston, Jamaica, located at 81 Knutsford Boulevard in the financial and business district of the city. A noted landmark, the hotel is 17 stories high.
See also
List of hotels in Jamaica
References
External links
Official website
Hotels in Jamaica
Buildings and structures in Kingston, Jamaica
Hotels established in 1973
Hotel buildings completed in 1973
is a former Japanese actor born in Kagoshima Prefecture.  They are 180 cm tall and weighs 62 kg. They specialize in Shorinji Kempo.
Ohkuchi is best known for playing Emperor Z, the main villain of the Tokusatsu series Ressha Sentai ToQger. They also portrayed Sōsuke Aizen in the Rock Musical BLEACH series, and they briefly played the role of Kunimitsu Tezuka in Tenimyu, the Prince of Tennis musical series, in the More Than Limit: St. Rudolph Gakuen musical. In August 2016, Ohkuchi announced their retirement as an actor.
Filmography
Television
(2003 ANB)
(2003 CX)
Kamen Rider 555 (2003) - Kazufumi Mizuno
Umizaru (2005 CX)
Engine (2005 CX)
Mito Kōmon (2005 TBS) (Part 34 Episode 15)
(2006 NTV)
(2008 EX)
(2008 TX)
Here Is Greenwood (2008 MX)
(2008 MX)
Smile (2009 TBS)
(2009 CX)
(2009 MBS)
Ressha Sentai ToQger (2014) - Emperor Z
Film
(2004)
(2004)
Umizaru (2004), Gunji Kensuke
AOGRA (2006), Takashiro Shingo
Sakugoe (2007), Yasuda
Crows Zero 2 (2009), Rikiya Kumagiri
Theatre
The Prince of Tennis Musical: More Than Limit St. Rudolph Gakuen - Kunimitsu Tezuka (2004)
Rock Musical BLEACH series (as Sōsuke Aizen)
Rock Musical BLEACH (August 2005)
Rock Musical BLEACH Saien (January 2006)
Rock Musical BLEACH The Dark of the Bleeding Moon (August 2006)
Rock Musical BLEACH Live Bankai Show Code 001 (January 2007)
Rock Musical BLEACH No Clouds in the Blue Heaven (March - April 2007)
Rock Musical BLEACH Live Bankai Show Code 002 (2008)
TV Commercials / Advertisements
CASIO 携帯電話
References
External links
Kengo Ohkuchi official website
TFL.org Approved Fanlisting
Official Blog
1981 births
Living people
Japanese male actors
Nullosetigeridae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Calanoida.
Genera:
Nullosetigera Soh, Ohtsuka, Imabayashi & Suh, 1999
References
Copepods
Arduino Berlam (1880–1946) was an Italian architect who took over the work of their father, Ruggero Berlam.
Born in Trieste, from 1905 they actively contributed to their father's works, creating such a harmony that experts now find it difficult to differentiate their work. Like their father and grandfather, Arduino was educated at the school of engineering and at the Brera Academy, and most active in their native town, designing not only houses and palaces, but also monuments (Victory Lighthouse and Virgil's memorial plaque at the mouths of the river Timavo), as well as the interior decoration of the famous ships Saturnia and Vulcania.
They died at Tricesimo in 1946.
1880 births
1946 deaths
Architects from Trieste
Brera Academy alumni
Steven Harkness (born 27 August 1971) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender from 1989 to 2002.
Harkness notably played in the Premier League for Liverpool, where they spent a decade with The Reds before later going on to play in Portugal with Benfica. They also played in the Football League with Carlisle United, Huddersfield Town, Southend United, Blackburn Rovers, Sheffield Wednesday and Chester City.
Playing career
Carlisle United
A defender or midfielder, most comfortable at left-back but able to play in a range of positions, they began their career with their hometown club, Carlisle United, signing professional forms on 31 March 1989. After just 13 games for the Cumbrians they impressed sufficiently to be signed by Liverpool.
Liverpool
They joined under manager Kenny Dalglish on 17 July 1989 for £75,000. At this time Liverpool were still the dominant side in England as holders of the FA Cup and having not finished lower than champions or runners-up in the First Division since 1981.
However, Harkness did not walk straight into the first team at Anfield, as David Burrows was the club's first choice left-back. By the time Dalglish resigned on 22 February 1991, Harkness had been at Liverpool for 19 months but had still yet to make their competitive debut. Dalglish was succeeded by Graeme Souness as Liverpool manager and it was Souness who gave Harkness their Liverpool debut, two years after arriving, in the 1–0 league win over Queens Park Rangers at Anfield on 27 August 1991 – their 20th birthday. Their first goal for the Reds did not come until the 29 April 1995 in the 2–1 league win against Norwich City, at Carrow Road. They were out of the side between December 1994 and mid-April 1995 meaning they missed the victorious 1995 Football League Cup Final.
Harkness suffered a broken leg in Liverpool's 1–0 league defeat at Coventry City on 6 April 1996 and was out of action for nearly a year afterwards. They missed the 1996 FA Cup Final, which Liverpool lost 1–0 to Manchester United, and also missed the bulk of the 1996–97 season, in which Liverpool frequently led the Premier League until being leapfrogged by Manchester United in late January and were ultimately unable to stop their north-west rivals from retaining the league title.
They made 140 appearances in their six years at the club. They were sent out on loan twice during their Anfield career, firstly to Huddersfield Town, where they played 6 times and also Southend United, where he, again, played 6 times. They remained at Anfield until 1999 but was one of the first victims of the Gérard Houllier revolution.
Their period at Liverpool was marred by them becoming the first player to be reported to the FA for racist abuse. Stan Collymore alleged that during a 1998 match for Aston Villa against Liverpool, Harkness subjected them to a 10-minute barrage of insults pertaining to their mixed-race heritage. Harkness denied the allegations. Later that year in another match between the two teams, Collymore went in with a two-footed challenge on Harkness's standing leg in the ninth minute of the match, causing them to be substituted with injury.
Benfica and Blackburn Rovers
Harkness left Anfield to join up with old manager Graeme Souness at Benfica on 9 March 1999 for £750,000. They were one of several British players signed for the Lisbon club by Souness, and chose to wear only their first name on the back of their shirt there. They only lasted five months in Portugal, however, before Brian Kidd brought them to recently relegated Blackburn Rovers in August 1999. The fee was £400,000 with potential add-ons of £100,000.
They made their debut for Rovers on 6 November 1999 in the 2–2 league draw with Ipswich Town – the first game after Kidd was sacked and long-serving coach Tony Parkes put in charge – at Ewood Park. Their former Liverpool and Benfica manager Souness was appointed as Blackburn's manager on 15 March 2000.
Sheffield Wednesday
After a disappointing year, which saw Blackburn finish mid-table in the First Division, they were allowed to join Sheffield Wednesday for £200,000 after just 21 appearances; just like Blackburn when Harkness had joined them a year earlier, Wednesday had just been relegated from the Premier League. Their Owls debut came on 30 September 2000 in the 2–0 league defeat to Gillingham at the Priestfield Stadium.
Their two years at Hillsborough were plagued by injury, however, and they only managed 32 appearances in that time, and scored once against Birmingham City. It was not a successful time for the Owls, who narrowly avoided relegation to Division Two in both of their seasons there and would go down the following year. Wednesday terminated their contract in May 2002.
Chester City
Harkness moved to Chester City on a free transfer on 11 July 2002, playing under former teammate Mark Wright. On 1 November that year, aged 31, having played just 10 times due to ankle injury, they ended their contract with the Conference Premier club by mutual consent.
Personal life
In September 2019, Harkness admitted at Liverpool Magistrates' Court to driving while disqualified and uninsured. They were sentenced to a three-year driving ban, a nine-week jail term suspended for two years, and 100 hours of community service.
References
External links
Profile at LFCHistory.net
Steve Harkness index at Sporting-heroes.net
Carlisle United F.C. players
Liverpool F.C. players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Southend United F.C. players
S.L. Benfica footballers
Blackburn Rovers F.C. players
Sheffield Wednesday F.C. players
Chester City F.C. players
1971 births
Living people
Footballers from Carlisle, Cumbria
English footballers
English expatriate footballers
Premier League players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Association football utility players
Race-related controversies in the United Kingdom
Association football fullbacks
Osinki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Osinki
Vassilikos (full name: Vassilikos Sakkas) is the frontman and singer of the Greek indie/pop-rock band Raining Pleasure. Vassilikos is the composer, singer, bassist/guitarist and lyricist for the band and has released seven albums with them. Three of the band's albums were released by Minos EMI, and two of them achieved gold sales. Vassilikos and their band have toured Greece, Germany, Turkey and Romania, participating in European festivals such as Rock'n Coke and the Hurricane Festival and sharing the stage with bands such as the Pixies, The Cure, Pearl Jam, Kasabian and Arcade Fire.
Solo career
In 2009 Vassilikos signed with Sony Music Greece to record their first solo album, Vintage (Songs I Wish I'd Written Vol.1), a compilation of songs from the 1930s–60s. They added their own interpretations to the classic songs to make them sound contemporary. Vassilikos sang on the album, arranged and played the instrumental parts and co-produced the recording with the English producer Clive Martin, who has worked with bands and artists including Queen, Peter Gabriel, Terrorvision, Reef, Puressence, Stereophonics and Les Négresses Vertes. Vintage was certified as a gold record a few weeks after its release.
During the summer of 2011 Vassilikos toured with Dimitra Galani. The tour started at the Little Theatre of Ancient Epidaurus as part of the Athens and Epidaurus Festival 2011. A live album featuring Vassilikos and Galani was subsequently released by Sony Music Greece.
In September 2012 they performed the songs of Vassilis Tsitsanis, a major figure of Greek popular music, in a concert at the Athens Concert Hall. Vassilikos reinterpreted the songs of the famous rebetiko musician using contemporary arrangements. Vassilikos also took part in a series of concerts of songs and symphonic works by the composer Yannis Markopoulos at the Athens Concert Hall and the Odeon of Herodes Atticus.
In the spring of 2013 Vassilikos recorded an EP of Vassilis Tsitsanis songs using the adaptations of Tsitsanis' work they had performed at the Athens Concert Hall. Vassilikos also arranged and produced the recording, playing the instrumental parts himself. The LP, called Sunday Cloudy Sunday, was released by Minos EMI-Universal in July of that year. Sunday Cloudy Sunday was performed live at the Little Theatre of Ancient Epidaurus in July 2014 as part of the Athens and Epidaurus Festival.
Discography
Studio and live albums with Raining Pleasure:
Memory Comes Back (1996)
Nostalgia (1998)
Capricorn EP (2000)
Flood (2001)
Forwards & Backwards (2003)
Reflections (2005)
Who's Gonna Tell Juliet (2007)
Live in Athens (2009)
Solo albums:
Vintage - Songs I wish I'd written (2009)
Vintage vinyl - More songs I wish I'd written (2010)
Live at Gazarte - with Dimitra Galani (2011)
Sunday Cloudy Sunday (2013)
Amazing Grey (2019)
References
Greek rock singers
Greek songwriters
Living people
Musicians from Patras
Year of birth missing (living people)
Pasco is an unincorporated community in Shelby County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
A post office called Pasco was established in 1893, and remained in operation until 1905. Besides the post office, Pasco had a country store.
References
Unincorporated communities in Shelby County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Chaetostomella rossica is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Chaetostomella of the family Tephritidae.
Distribution
Russia.
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1927
Diptera of Asia
The 158th Division was created in November 1948 under the Regulation of the Redesignations of All Organizations and Units of the Army, issued by Central Military Commission on November 1, 1948, basing on 4th Independent Division of Jichareliao Military Region. The division's history could be traced back to November 1947. Under the command of 45th Corps it took part in the Chinese civil war, including the Liaoshen Campaign, Pingjin Campaign and Hengbao Campaign.
Chronology
After the Hengbao Campaign the division detached from the corps and was put under direct command of 12th Army Group, and stationed in Shaoyang, Hunan for counter-bandit missions.
In January 1950 the division moved to Yishan, Guangxi. In April the division moved into Guangzhou to replace the 132nd Division.
In September 1950 the division became Guangzhou Security Command. In October it renamed as 10th Public Security Division.
In January 1952 the division merged with Border Bureau of Guangdong Province.
In July 1955, following the formation of People's Liberation Army Public Security Force, the division was renamed as 10th Border Division of the Public Security Force.
In March 1956 the division was reorganized as 3rd Garrison Division and was transferred to Guangzhou Military Region's control. Merely a month later, in April 1956 the division was further renamed as 3rd Machine-gun Artillery Division. The division then stationed in Zhongshan City, Guangdong.
The machine-gun artillery division was also short-lived. In August 1956 the division was reduced and renamed as 10th Garrison Brigade. In May 1957 the brigade was inactivated and absorbed into Foshan Military Sub-district.
In April 1959 the unit was re-activated from Foshan Military Sub-district as 10th Garrison Division. The division was then composed of:
37th Garrison Regiment;
38th Garrison Regiment;
39th Garrison Regiment;
1st Maritime Patrol Unit;
2nd Maritime Patrol Unit;
3rd Maritime Patrol Unit;
5th Maritime Patrol Unit.
In December 1959, 39th Garrison Regiment and all four Maritime Patrol Units were transferred to Wanhu Fortress District's control.
In April 1956 the division was disbanded and transferred to the People's Liberation Army Navy and reorganized as 7th Institute of the Department of Defense, except its 3rd Battalion, 38th Garrison Regiment.
References
G10
Military units and formations established in 1948
Military units and formations disestablished in 1959
Rasmus Holmen (born January 4, 1993) is a Swedish ice hockey player.  They are currently playing with IF Vallentuna BK of the Swedish Hockeyettan.
They made their Elitserien debut playing with AIK IF during the 2012–13 Elitserien season.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Swedish ice hockey forwards
AIK IF players
Amatrice earthquake may refer to:
1639 Amatrice earthquake
August 2016 Central Italy earthquake
October 2016 Central Italy earthquakes
Earl Clinton "Jug" Bennett (February 27, 1920 – September 28, 1992) is a former guard in the National Football League.
Biography
Bennett was born Earl Clinton Bennett Jr. in 1920 in Skiatook, Oklahoma. They were given the nickname "Jug".
Career
Bennett was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the twenty-third round of the 1943 NFL Draft and later played with the team during the 1946 NFL season. They played at the collegiate level at Hardin–Simmons University.
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
References
1920 births
1992 deaths
American football offensive guards
Green Bay Packers players
Hardin–Simmons Cowboys football players
People from Skiatook, Oklahoma
Players of American football from Oklahoma
Adelaide was a wooden cutter that was wrecked near Bird Island, Norah Head, New South Wales, in May 1834. They were carrying a load of timber.
Shipwrecks of the Central Coast Region
Ships built in New South Wales
1832 ships
Maritime incidents in May 1834
1788–1850 ships of Australia
Merchant ships of Australia
Cutters of Australia
WRVN (91.9 FM) is a member-supported public radio station in Utica, New York. Owned by the State University of New York at Oswego, the station simulcasts the programming of WRVO in Oswego, New York.
External links
www.wrvo.fm
RVN
NPR member stations
The 2015 Seattle Sounders FC 2 season is the club's first year of existence, and their first season in the United Soccer League, the third tier of the United States Soccer Pyramid. Including previous Seattle Sounders franchises, this is the 35th season of a soccer team playing in the Seattle metro area.
Roster
Competitions
USL regular season
Standings
Results summary
Results by matchday
Matches
USL Playoffs
U.S. Open Cup
Recognition
USL Player of the Week
USL Team of the Week
References
2015 USL season
American soccer clubs 2015 season
2015 in sports in Washington (state)
Soccer in Washington (state)
Tacoma Defiance seasons
Hirdre-Faig or Hirdrefaig is an area in the community of Llanddyfnan, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 130.7 miles (210.3 km) from Cardiff and 212.3 miles (341.7 km) from London.
According to the antiquary Thomas Nicholas in their 1872 book, the Hirdre-Faig estate was owned by a family that could trace its ancestry to Bleddyn ap Cynfyn. Their house is known to have been built in three phases, the latest of which has been dated to about 1710.
The other point of historic interest is a standing stone, which was designated an ancient monument in 2006.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Heinz Werner (17 August 1910 – 6 May 1989) was a German international footballer.
References
1910 births
1989 deaths
Association football midfielders
German footballers
Germany international footballers
Ponarth Church () was a Protestant church in the Ponarth quarter of Königsberg, Germany.
The brick Neo-Gothic church of Ponarth was built in May 1896 and dedicated on 23 July 1897; its construction was championed by the mayor, Robert Hoffmann, and the director of the brewery, Eduard Schifferdecker. The Protestant congregation was separated from that of Haberberg in 1905 and became its own parish. Its pastors were Johannes Joachim, Leop. Beckmann, Gerh. Symnanowski, and Helmut Hildebrandt.
The church was lightly damaged during World War II and was in continual use by the remaining Germans until their expulsion in 1947. Residents of Kaliningrad, Russia, used it first for storage and then as a gym. In the early 1980s the roof tiles were replaced with cement. Since 21 September 1992 it has been a Russian Orthodox church.
Notes
References
1945 disestablishments in Germany
19th-century churches in Germany
Churches in Kaliningrad
Former churches in Königsberg
Gothic Revival church buildings in Russia
Churches completed in 1896
Church buildings converted to a different denomination
Cultural heritage monuments of regional significance in Kaliningrad Oblast
Tall-e Qadir (, also Romanized as Tall-e Qadīr) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 62, in 15 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Miha Golob (born 9 December 1980) is a Slovenian footballer.
They played for Ježica, Rudar Velenje, Dinamo Zagreb, Maribor, AEL Limassol, Aris Limassol, SV Wildon, and Murfeld.
See also
List of NK Maribor players
External sources
Stats from Slovenia at PrvaLiga
1980 births
Living people
Slovenian footballers
Slovenian expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
NK Rudar Velenje players
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
NK Maribor players
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
AEL Limassol players
Aris Limassol FC players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Cypriot First Division players
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Sonya Tayeh is a New York City-based choreographer. They have worked nationally and internationally across the worlds of dance and theater.
They have earned several accolades for their work, including the Tony award for their choreography work on the Broadway production of Moulin Rouge!, Emmy nominations for Fox's So You Think You Can Dance, and the Lucille Lortel and Obie Awards for “Outstanding Choreography” for their work on David Henry Hwang's dance-play Kung Fu, for which they also received a Drama Desk nomination.
Life and career
Early life and education
Tayeh was born in Brooklyn, New York and raised in Detroit, Michigan. The daughter of a Lebanese mother and Palestinian father. They have two sisters and one half-brother. Tayeh started dancing at age 15 when they began frequenting hip-hop and house dance parties with their sister. They started studying ballet and modern dance—as a subject—at age 17 when they were a student at Henry Ford Community College. Although Tayeh was a freestyle house dancer in their youth, they didn't take any formal dance classes until they were 18 and a student
at Wayne State University. Before starting their training, they were denied by six dance studios who wouldn't let them take classes because they felt they were too old. In addition to their classes, Tayeh was a member of Counter Groove and Full Circle dance companies.
During their time at Wayne State, Tayeh drew on dance history, anatomy, and performance to develop a style that is built on core strength, aggressive partner interaction, quirky, and stylized movements. They graduated from Wayne State in 2002 with a bachelor's degree in Dance.
Dance career and mainstream exposure
Since gaining mainstream exposure, Tayeh has choreographed tours and/or live events for Madonna, Florence and the Machine, Kylie Minogue, Kerli, and Miley Cyrus. They have also choreographed for Steed Lord and spent three years in residence with the Los Angeles Ballet. In 2010, they choreographed indie singer Lucy Schwartz' music video "Graveyard".
Tayeh choreographed the rock musical The Last Goodbye which is based on Romeo and Juliet and set to a soundtrack of music by Jeff Buckley. It premiered in 2010, but a revised version of the show with a new cast opened in September 2013 at the Old Globe Theatre in San Diego, California. In 2011, they choreographed San Jose Repertory Theatre's production of Spring Awakening. In 2014, they choreographed an off-Broadway play based on Bruce Lee's life called Kung Fu. It premiered February 24 with So You Think You Can Dance alumnus Cole Horibe playing the lead role.
In 2015 Martha Graham Dance Company commissioned a new work by Sonya Tayeh which they set to the music of Meredith Monk. It premiered in the company's New York season at The Joyce, Spring 2015 and has been performed by the company while on tour.
Sonya earned a Tony award for their choreography of the Broadway musical, "Moulin Rouge".
Choreography for So You Think You Can Dance
Due to a shoulder injury, Mitchell Kelly was barred from performing in their routine. They were replaced for the evening by season 7's Robert Roldan and was automatically in danger of going home.
Teaching
Tayeh is a faculty member at the Edge Performing Arts Center in Los Angeles. They have also taught classes at The Hip Drop Dance Complex, Monsters of Contemporary, Broadway Dance Center, 24 Seven Dance, Hall of Fame Dance Challenge, Loyola Marymount University, NUVO, and Spotlight Dance Works.
Style and influences
Tayeh describes their choreography style as combat jazz because in their words "[i]t's staccato, aggressive, and engaged, even when it's slow." SanJose.com characterized it as "fearless, provocative and unique." They have several influences which include two of their former college professors Diane Mancinelli and Erica Wilson-Perkins, Broadway choreographers Twyla Tharp and Bill T. Jones, Mexican artist Frida Kahlo, their favorite choreographer Jiří Kylián, and their family. In addition, they call competitive hip-hop dancer Salah their "idol" and Icelandic singer Björk their "ultimate hero".
Awards and recognition
In January 2009, Tayeh was named one of Dance magazine's "25 to Watch". In 2010, they were honored by the Detroit Arts Council and they made the December cover of Dance Teacher magazine. At Wayne State University there is a scholarship named after them called the Sonya Tayeh Endowment Fund that is awarded to students who want to pursue a degree in dance.
In July 2013, Tayeh was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Choreography for "Possibly Maybe", "Turning Page", and "Sail"—three routines they choreographed on season nine of So You Think You Can Dance. At the 2013 Primetime Emmy Awards ceremony, they joined the other seven choreography nominees and created a routine honoring dance that was performed just before the Outstanding Choreography award was presented. 2013 was the first year the Outstanding Choreography award was presented at the Primetime Emmys telecast rather than at the Creative Arts Emmys ceremony which takes place a week prior.
At the 74th Tonys, Tayeh received the Tony Award for Best Choreography for their work in Moulin Rouge!.
References
American female dancers
American dancers
So You Think You Can Dance choreographers
Living people
Artists from Detroit
1970s births
Tony Award winners
American people of Lebanese descent
American people of Palestinian descent
LGBT people from Michigan
21st-century American women
Marlene Enright (born 1985) is an Irish singer-songwriter from County Cork.
Early life
Marlene Enright is a native of Bantry.
Career
Marlene Enright began as part of the Cork folk/Americana group The Hard Ground. Them debut solo album was released in 2017 and was nominated for the Choice Music Prize. Them voice has been described as mezzo-soprano.
Discography
Studio albums
Placemats and Second Cuts (2017)
References
External links
Official website
1985 births
20th-century Irish people
21st-century Irish people
Living people
Musicians from County Cork
Irish folk singers
Irish mezzo-sopranos
Irish women singers
People from Bantry
Ian Gregson (born 1953) is an English novelist and poet. Their debut poetry collection Call Centre Love Song was shortlisted for a Forward Prize in 2006. In 2015, they were put forward for the position of Professor of Poetry at Oxford University.
Biography
Born in Manchester in 1953, Ian Gregson was educated at Oxford University and completed a PhD at the University of Hull. In 1981, they were given an Eric Gregory Award by the Society of Authors. Their debut poetry collection Call Centre Love Song was published by Salt in 2006, and was shortlisted for a Forward Prize for 'Best First Collection'.
Gregson has lived most of their adult life in north Wales, where they were Professor of English literature and creative writing at Bangor University until taking early retirement in 2015. They have published a number of critical books, largely concerned with contemporary poetry, postmodernism and representations of masculinity. Their second poetry collection, How We Met, was published by Salt in 2008. The poem 'Squawks and Speech' from How We Met was chosen as The Guardian's Poem of the Week in July 2014. Gregson has also written two novels, Not Tonight Neil (2011) and The Crocodile Princess (2015), both published by Cinnamon Press.
In 2015, Gregson was nominated for the position of Professor of Poetry. Gregson later urged their supporters to vote for Simon Armitage, who was appointed to the role in June 2015. Coincidentally, Gregson had previously written a book-length introduction to Armitage for those studying them at school and university, built around detailed and accessible readings of their most important poems.
Sixteen of their poems have been translated into Chinese by Peter Jingcheng Xu who is also a poet, translator and scholar, completing their PhD at the School of English Literature, Bangor University in 2018. The poems and the Chinese translations together with the translator's Chinese review titled 'Ian Gregson: A Contemporary British Postmodernist Eco-Poet of Dramatic Monologue' are published by installment in the key journal The World of English from May to September, 2018.
Books
Fiction
2011: Not Tonight Neil, Cinnamon Press
2015: The Crocodile Princess, Cinnamon Press
Poetry
2006: Call Centre Love Song, Salt
2008: How We Met, Salt
2020: The Slasher and the Vampire as Role Models, Cinnamon Press
Criticism
1996: Contemporary Poetry And Postmodernism: Dialogue And Estrangement, Palgrave Macmillan
1999: The Male Image: Representations of Masculinity in Postwar Poetry, Palgrave Macmillan
2004: Postmodern Literature, Bloomsbury
2006: Character and Satire in Postwar Fiction, Continuum
2007: The New Poetry in Wales, University of Wales Press
2011: Simon Armitage (Salt Studies in Contemporary Poetry), Salt
As editor
2010: Old City, New Rumours (ed. with Carol Rumens), Five Leaves
References
External links
Official website
Interview: Ian Gregson
Feature on Ian Gregson in The Crunch magazine
Ian Gregson and Omar Sabbagh at Kyffin - Cinnamon Press blog
21st-century English male writers
Alumni of the University of Oxford
21st-century English poets
Alumni of the University of Hull
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
1953 births
Writers from Manchester
Katakwi General Hospital, also Katakwi Hospital is a government-owned hospital in the Eastern Region of Uganda.
Location
The hospital is located in the central business district of the town of Katakwi, in Katakwi District, in the Teso sub-region, in Uganda's Eastern Region. This is approximately , northeast of Soroti Regional Referral Hospital, in the city of Soroti.
This is about southwest of Moroto Regional Referral Hospital, in the city of Moroto. The coordinates of Katakwi General Hospital are: 01°55'03.0"N, 33°57'44.0"E (Latitude:1.917511; Longitude:33.962214).
Overview
Katakwi General Hospital was established in 2004, as Katakwi Health Centre IV. In 2011, it was elevated to a full fledged hospital, serving patients from Katakwi District and the neighboring districts of Amuria, Kapelebyong, Kumi, Nakapiripirit and Napak. Like many government hospitals in Uganda, the hospital is understaffed and underfunded.
See also
List of hospitals in Uganda
References
External links
Website of Uganda Ministry of Health
Hospitals in Uganda
Katakwi District
Teso sub-region
2011 establishments in Uganda
Hospital buildings completed in 2004
Émile Roumer (5 February 1903 - April 1988) was a Haitian poet. Roumer wrote mostly satirical poems and poems dealing with love and nature. Born in Jérémie, they were educated in France before studying business in Manchester, England.
Bibliography
Poèmes d'Haïti et de France (1925)
Poèmes en Vers (1947)
Le Caïman Etoilé (1963)
Rosaire Couronne Sonnets (1964)
Death
Roumer died in Frankfurt, Germany in April 1988.
References
Notes
1903 births
1988 deaths
Haitian male poets
20th-century Haitian poets
20th-century male writers
Haitian expatriates in France
Haitian expatriates in the United Kingdom
Peter Mikhailovich Kulakov (born 21 March 1964) is a television evangelist, founding director of the first Christian Media Center in the former Soviet Union, pastor, and overseas missionary. They were born in Kokand, Uzbek SSR (now Uzbekistan) and raised in central Russia.
In 1990, at the age of 26, Kulakov was the first Christian to appear live regularly on two national communist radio networks, blanketing 11 time zones with 900 FM stations. Moscow State University research showed the Voice of Hope radio program as the most popular among all the other religious broadcasts.
In 1992 they appeared at the Kremlin Palace of Culture for 12 days as a Russian translator for American Evangelist Mark Finley, as well as in the Moscow Olympic Stadium in 1993. In 2005 Peter Kulakov started a weekly Light of Hope television program in two languages, Russian and English. The Russian Light of Hope program is broadcast on the CNL evangelical satellite network, as well as on the Hope Europe satellite channel. The English program is aired weekly on Comcast channel 5 in Metro Atlanta.
In 2007 and in 2010 Kulakov presented two major satellite evangelistic series of meetings live from Kyiv, Ukraine and Chișinău, Moldova.
Biography
Kulakov was born in Kokand, Uzbekistan. They were the fifth out of six children born to Anna and Mikhail Kulakov, prisoner of conscience and gulag survivor.
References
External links
http://www.ministrymagazine.org/archive/1993/March/evangelism-goes-to-moscow
www.lightofhopetv.com
www.lakeviewadventist.org
www.adventist.ru
www.vohesd.ru
1964 births
Living people
Television evangelists
Russian evangelicals
Giovanni Schillaci (born 3 November 1967) is an Italian former freestyle wrestler who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics, and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Personal life
Schillaci lives and works in Messina, the city in which they married the former Italian-Polish Olympian Katarzyna Juszczak (in 1992 as Polish in Judo and in 2004 as an Italian in freestyle wrestling), and together with whom they train their daughter the judoka Carolina Costa, also they qualified for the 2020 Summer Paralympics.
Achievements
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Italy
Wrestlers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Italian male sport wrestlers
Wrestlers of Gruppo Sportivo Forestale
Mediterranean Games medalists in wrestling
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Italy
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Italy
European Wrestling Championships medalists
World Wrestling Championships medalists
Competitors at the 1987 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 1991 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 1997 Mediterranean Games
20th-century Italian people
21st-century Italian people
Sand Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Russia in Herkimer County, east-northeast of Poland.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
The major skink (Bellatorias frerei) is a species of skink, a lizard in the family Scincidae.
The species is found in New Guinea and Australia in the states of Queensland and New South Wales.
References
Skinks of Australia
Skinks of New Guinea
Taxa named by Albert Günther
Reptiles described in 1897
Bellatorias
Heba Y. Amin (born 1980) is a visual artist, researcher and educator.
Early life and education
Amin was born and raised in Cairo. They were educated at Cairo American College in Maadi. Amin moved to the United States in 1998 and studied Mathematics and Studio Art receiving a BA diploma from Macalester College. They enrolled in a post-graduate program at the Minneapolis College of Art and Design in 2005. They received an MFA in interactive design from the College of Design at the University of Minnesota in 2009. Following their studies, they were awarded a DAAD (German Academic Exchange) grant for their project "Alternative Memorials" at the University of Applied Sciences, Berlin.  They are a DCRL Fellow in Leuphana University in Lüneburg (2017), a doctoral fellow in at BGSMSC at Freie Universität in Berlin from 2016 to present, and a current Field of Vision fellow in NYC.
Career
Amin's works are embedded in extensive research and interrogating the convergence of politics, technology, and urbanism.  They are currently the curator of Visual Art for Mizna (Minneapolis, USA), curator for the biennial residency program DEFAULT with Ramdom Association (IT) (Italy) and co-founder of the Black Athena Collective along with artist Dawit L. Petros.  They are also one of the artists behind the subversive action on the set of the television series "Homeland" which received worldwide media attention.
Hired by the producers of the Homeland television series to incorporate "authentic" Arabic graffiti, Amin spray-painted subversive graffiti on the set of the show. Written in Arabic, the graffiti actually criticized the show Homeland itself, with phrases such as "Homeland is racist". Amin has criticized Homeland for its inaccuracy and bias in its portrayal of people from various countries in the Middle East.
Amin illustrated a children's book Extraordinary Women in the Muslim World; the book received a Moonbeam Children's Book Award.
Amin has taken part in group exhibitions at the Dak'Art Biennale 2016, Marakkech Biennale Parallel Projects 2016, Museum of Modern Art in Warsaw, the Kunstverein in Hamburg, Camera Austria, Berlin Berlinale 9th Forum Expanded Exhibition, the IV Moscow International Biennale for Young Art, the WRO 15th Media Art Biennale Poland, the National Gallery of Mongolia, and the Art Museum of Gotland Sweden. They have received a DAAD (Deutscher Akademischer Austausch Dienst) grant and a Rhizome commission grant and was shortlisted for the artraker prize.
Amin taught at the University of Minnesota, American University in Cairo, and the University of Applied Sciences in Berlin. They have given various lectures and workshops worldwide. Them work titled The Earth Is an Imperfect Ellipsoid (2016) was featured in Mizna's Summer'16 Issue, where they were also interviewed in Lana Barkawi's essay "Criticality and Dissent".
Amin currently lives in Berlin and works as a lecturer at Bard College Berlin.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
21st-century Egyptian women artists
Egyptian contemporary artists
University of Minnesota College of Design alumni
Macalester College alumni
The American University in Cairo faculty
Artists from Cairo
Egyptian expatriates in the United States
Jukka Vilho Tapani Tammi (born April 10, 1962 in Tampere, Finland), nicknamed "Taisto", is a retired Finnish ice hockey goaltender.
Tammi is one of the few Finnish ice hockey players to have three or more Olympic medals. They were the "Ironman" of the Finnish SM-liiga, awarded to the player who plays the most consecutive games, and has been inducted into the Finnish Hockey Hall of Fame. Although Tammi was a top Finnish goaltender, they were never drafted by an NHL team.
Career
Finland
Tammi started their career in the 1980-1981 season when they played for the Tampereen Ilves A-Junior team. Tammi also dressed for three SM-Liiga games, but they did not play until the following year when they played in four games. In 1982-1983 they played 25 games during the regular season, winning the Rookie of the Year award. Tammi went on to play in Ilves for a total of 15 Seasons (1980–1995). After Ilves, Tammi played in TuTo during the 1995-1996 season.
Germany
In 1996 Tammi moved to Germany and played for the Frankfurt Lions, a Deutsche Eishockey Liga team. Tammi played three seasons for the Lions, retiring after the 1998-99 season.
International
In addition to their SM-Liiga career, Tammi also had an International career. Tammi was part of Team Finland in total of seven Ice Hockey World Championships, four Winter Olympics and two Canada Cups. Tammi played a total of 213 International games and had one assist.
Highlights of Jukka Tammi's International career are:
1988 Winter Olympics: Tammi played in the decisive game against the Soviet Union. Finland won the game and gained its first Olympic Medal in Ice Hockey.
1994 World Championships: Tammi was part of the team who won silver, losing to Canada in the final after a shootout.
Career statistics
--- Regular Season --- ---- Playoffs ----
Season Team Lge GP G A Pts PIM GP G A Pts PIM
----
1984-85 Ilves Tampere FNL 36 0 1 1 4
1985-86 Ilves Tampere FNL 36 0 0 0 2 -- -- -- -- --
1986-87 Ilves Tampere FNL 44 0 3 3 8 -- -- -- -- --
1987-88 Ilves Tampere FNL 44 0 3 3 14
1988-89 Ilves Tampere FNL 44 0 0 0 6 5 0 0 0 0
1989-90 Ilves Tampere FNL 44 0 2 2 8 9 0 2 2 4
1990-91 Ilves Tampere FNL 44 0 1 1 20 -- -- -- -- --
1991-92 Ilves Tampere FNL 44 0 2 2 10 -- -- -- -- --
1992-93 Ilves Tampere FNL 40 0 0 0 0
1993-94 Ilves Tampere FNL 27 0 1 1 4 4 0 0 0 0
1994-95 Ilves Tampere FNL 50 0 4 4 35 -- -- -- -- --
1995-96 TuTo Turku FNL 50 0 3 3 20 -- -- -- -- --
1996-97 Frankfurt Lions DEL 40 0 3 3 6
1997-98 Frankfurt Lions DEL 42 0 3 3 35
1998-99 Frankfurt Lions DEL 43 0 4 4 6
----
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Finnish ice hockey goaltenders
Finnish ice hockey world championship gold medalists
Frankfurt Lions players
Ice hockey players at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Ilves players
Medalists at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Finland
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Olympic silver medalists for Finland
Ice hockey people from Tampere
TuTo players
Yang Lei (; born October 12, 1984 in Chongqing), also known as Shinee Lee, is a Chinese pop singer and actor who achieved instant fame when they won the nationwide singing contest Super Girl in 2006.
Early years
Born into a middle-class family, Yang Lei was not encouraged to pursue a career in entertainment. Before 2006, they were a music teacher at the Heping primary school.
Super Girl competition
While still a 22-year-old teacher at the Heping primary school, Yang participated in the Super Girl singing contest (similar to the Idol series of contests around the world) in 2006. They won the qualifying competition in Chengdu, then went on to win the nationwide contest among 80,000 applicants. Subsequently, they won the tenth in the nationwide contest.
Music career
Them first single was "Learn" (Chinese: 学会), recorded during the time when they were on Super Girl. Them second single was "1234 Dance" (Chinese: 1234舞). Them third single was "Love me, don't be troublesome" (Chinese: 爱我不罗嗦), which is an interlude of the TV play named "He Was Cool" (Chinese: 那小子真帅). Them fourth single was "Love and Bravery" (Chinese: 爱，勇气).
Them debut album, titled The Panda is coming (Chinese:熊猫来了), was released on May 5, 2009. It presold 10,000 copies and sold more than 4,000 copies in the first month.
Acting career
Them first TV play was "He Was Cool" (Chinese: 那小子真帅), in which they played the leading lady named "Han Qiansui" (Chinese: 韩千穗). Them second TV play was "Diary of the Boys" (Chinese: 男生日记), in which they played the leading lady named "Mo Xiner" (Chinese: 莫欣儿).
Discography
Albums
Singles
2006 "Learn" (Chinese:学会)
2007 "1234 Dance" (Chinese:1234舞)
2007 "Love me, don't be troublesome" (Chinese:爱我不罗嗦)
2008 "Love and Bravery" (Chinese:爱，勇气)
TV plays
2007 "He Was Cool" (Chinese:那小子真帅)
2008 "Diary of the boys" (Chinese:男生日记)
References
External links
Official blog (Chinese)
Beilei Love Fund (Chinese)
(Chinese)
1984 births
Living people
Actresses from Chongqing
Singing talent show winners
Super Girl contestants
Singers from Chongqing
Chinese television actores
Kayseri Basketbol, for sponsorship reasons Bellona Kayseri Basketbol, is a Turkish women's basketball club based in Kayseri, Turkey. The club was founded in 1986.
History
2005–2007: TED Kayseri Koleji
2007–2011: Panküp TED Kayseri Koleji
2011–2014: Kayseri Kaski Spor
2014–2018: AGÜ Spor (Abdullah Gül Üniversitesi)
2018–present: Kayseri Basketbol
Current roster
Honours
European competitions
EuroLeague Women
Quarter-Finalists (1): 2013–14
EuroCup Women
Runners-up (3): 2011–12, 2012–13, 2016–17
Domestic competitions
Turkish Women's Basketball League
Runners-up (1): 2014–15
Turkish Women's Basketball Cup
Runners-up (1): 2016–17
Turkish Women's Second Basketball League
Winners (1): 2005–06
References
External links
Official website
Eurobasket.com profile
Twitter account
Instagram account
Women's basketball teams in Turkey
Sport in Kayseri
Basketball teams established in 1986
1986 establishments in Turkey
Aleksandar Jončevski (born January 9, 1981) is a Macedonian professional basketball coach.
Coaching career
They started their coaching career in 2010 in KFUM Uppsala U18 in Sweden. After being one year ass.coach in Rabotnicki, they became assistant head coach in MZT Skopje from 2012-2015, competing in Adriatic League, ULEB Eurocup and the national Championship. In December 2015 they became head coach of MZT Skopje and lead the team to the National Cup and Championship trophy for the season 2015/16. Also, they were an assistant coach in the Macedonian national team (2012-2015) for pre-Olympic tournament in Caracas, Venezuela 2012, Eurobasket 2013 in Slovenia and Eurobasket 2015 in Croatia.
They were assistant coach of many coaches in MZT like Aleksandar Todorov, Aleš Pipan, Vlada Vukoičić, Zmago Sagadin, Boban Mitev, Zoran Martič, Vrbica Stefanov and Emil Rajković.
On 13 March 2017, they became assistant coach of Macedonia national basketball team.
On 19 April 2017, they became a head coach of Serbian basketball team Spartak Subotica
On 5 April 2018, they became assistant coach of Marin Dokuzovski in Rabotnički.
On 28 December 2018, they became a head coach in Kožuv.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Macedonian basketball coaches
Macedonian men's basketball players
Sportspeople from Skopje
KK Spartak Subotica coaches
Macedonian expatriate basketball people in Serbia
Sea of Tunes was a music publishing company founded in 1962 by Murry and Brian Wilson. Murry was the first manager of the Beach Boys, the father of Brian, Dennis and Carl Wilson and the uncle of Mike Love. The intention of Sea of Tunes was to publish and promote the songs written primarily by Brian.
Sale to Irving Almo Music
After the Beach Boys dismissed Murry Wilson as their manager in 1964, they continued to serve as their publisher. In July 1965, they sent a letter to Brian requesting sole ownership of the company per a verbal agreement that they had reached in 1962. According to historian Keith Badman, "Brian allowed Murry to take total control to stop their father's continual hassling on the matter."
In May 1969, Brian told the music press that the group's funds so depleted that they were considering filing for bankruptcy at the end of the year, which Disc & Music Echo called "stunning news" and a "tremendous shock on the American pop scene." In August (or November), Murry sold Sea of Tunes to Irving Almo Music for $700,000 (equivalent to $ in ), believing that the catalog's value had peaked. Brian, according to their wife Marilyn Wilson, was devastated by the sale.
Mike Love wrote in their 2016 memoir that the group had signed away their rights to the songs under duress, and that in the late 1980s, it was discovered that the exchange was part of an elaborate plan orchestrated over two years by Abe Somer, the Beach Boys' lawyer. Somer concealed the fact that they were also Irving Music's lawyer, which was a conflict of interest. Over the years, the catalog would generate more than $100 million in publishing royalties, none of which Murry Wilson or the band members ever received. By 1994, the catalog was estimated to be worth $40 million ($ in ).
In the early 1990s, years after Murry's passing, Brian claimed fraud and sued for the return of their song copyrights. The suit suggested that Brian's signature may have been forged, "plus malpractice, misrepresentations, suppression of facts, breach of contract and conflicts of interest," making the sale illegal. While they failed to recover them in court, they were awarded $25 million in damages, including unpaid and underpaid royalties.
Mike Love credits
Mike Love alleged that they were owed credit to 79 Beach Boys songs. Love explained that Murry had never credited them for many of the songs that they had cowritten with Brian, and therefore, they had not been paid royalties. Love said they "didn't know how badly I had been abused until I was deposed in Brian's pursuit of their claims against Irving Almo and Mitchell Silverburg and Nutt, which was the attorney representing the Beach Boys and Irving Almo. An inherent conflict of interest there." Love hoped that "we don't have to go to trial because it's going to destroy Brian. He's going to be destroyed in depositions, first of all, let alone getting them in court."
The parties were unable to reach a settlement, and Love filed suit against Wilson in 1992. After an eight-week-long trial and eight days of deliberation, Love won the case on December 12, 1994. The jury ruled that Love and Wilson were partners, that Wilson or their agents concealed material facts with the intention of defrauding Love, that they engaged in promissory fraud with respect to publishing credits and royalties and that Love was owed the 35 songs disputed. Love later called it "almost certainly the largest case of fraud in music history". They were subsequently awarded a cowriting credit to 35 songs that were published from 1962 to 1966, as well as $13 million.
Awarded credits
Other disputed credits
"Surfin' U.S.A." – Love alleged that they were owed credit for the song. Their contribution was supported by Wilson in a 1974 interview.
"The Little Girl I Once Knew" – Love alleged that they were owed credit for the song.
"Wouldn't It Be Nice" – Love alleged that they were owed credits for additional parts of the song that they were not granted in the 1994 suit. Cowriter Tony Asher denied the claim, stating that Love was not present during the Pet Sounds songwriting sessions.
Bootleg label
In 1997, a label named after the publishing company issued a slew of unauthorized bootleg recordings sourced from Beach Boys archives.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Music publishing companies of the United States
The Beach Boys
Publishing companies established in 1962
Companies based in California
Burst Apart is the fourth studio album by American indie rock group The Antlers. It was released on Frenchkiss Records on May 10, 2011 and the day before in the UK / Japan / Europe by Transgressive Records. It began streaming on the National Public Radio website on April 24, 2011. The cover art was designed by Zan Goodman, who also designed the album cover for their previous album, Hospice.
The track "Parentheses" was released as an iTunes single on April 5, 2011.
Critical reception
Upon its release, Burst Apart received highly positive reviews from most critics. It was featured on many best of the year lists of music magazines and was voted album of the year 2011 by Drowned in Sound. It currently holds a score of 81 from review aggregate website Metacritic, indicating "universal acclaim." Most critics have noted the contrast between Burst Apart and its predecessor Hospice, a highly conceptual album about a hospice worker who falls in love with a dying patient.
Pitchfork endorsed it with its "Best New Music" label; reviewer Ian Cohen remarked that although Burst Apart could not achieve the cult-like following of Hospice, it is "still tethered to a magnanimity and expressive clarity that makes it almost every bit as devastating." Jeremy Aaron of AbsolutePunk said that while the record "marks a move away from the stifling bleakness" of Hospice, it is still "an incredible sounding album," composed with "breathtaking elegance."
Marc Hawthorne of The A.V. Club likewise commented on the difference, writing that Hospice "bummed everyone out--in the best possible way," but that The Antlers were able to create a followup that "easily reaches grand, dramatic heights even while remaining relatively subdued."
Track listing
Personnel
Peter Silberman: Vocals, lyrics, guitar, mandolin, organ
Darby Cicci: Synthesizers, electric pianos, organ, bass, vocals, trumpet, banjo
Michael Lerner: Drums, percussion
Engineered by Darby Cicci
Mixed by The Antlers and Dan Seiders
Mastered by Greg Calbi, Sterling Sound
Cover design by Zan Goodman
Cover photo by Justin Hollar
Additional Design by Zan Goodman, Darby Cicci
References
2011 albums
The Antlers (band) albums
Frenchkiss Records albums
Transgressive Records albums
The New Orleans Upper Central Business District, also known simply as Upper Central Business District, is a historic district of New Orleans, Louisiana which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1990. The original listed area is roughly bounded by O'Keefe, Poydras, Convention Center Blvd., and the Expressway (B.R. 90). Along with the NRHP-listed New Orleans Lower Central Business District to the north, across the redeveloped Poydras Street, it is included within the larger New Orleans Central Business District area.
The original area listed in 1990 included more than 400 contributing buildings and one contributing site on . This area combined two previously certified areas, the Warehouse District and the Lafayette Square District.
21 resources in the district were already separately listed on the National Register.
These included:
Julia Street Row, 13 buildings constructed in 1832, NRHP-listed in 1977.
Leeds Iron Foundry (1852), at 923 Tchoupitoulas St.
Gallier Hall (1845), at 545 St. Charles Ave., also known as New Orleans City Hall
St. Patrick's Church (1837), at 724 Camp St.
Federal Fibre Mills Building (1904), at 1101 S. Peters St.
A boundary increase in 1993 added 23 contributing buildings and six non-contributing ones on .
A second boundary increase in 2008 added two more contributing buildings on less than one acre. The twice-amended district includes 437 contributing buildings and 70 non-contributing ones, one contributing site and one non-contributing one, and three non-contributing structures.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
Orleans Parish, Louisiana
Colonial Revival architecture in Louisiana
International style architecture in Louisiana
Italianate architecture in Louisiana
Romanesque Revival architecture in Louisiana
Early Commercial architecture in the United States
Greek Revival architecture in Louisiana
Historic districts in Louisiana
The 2S9 NONA (Новейшее Орудие Наземной Артилерии - The Newest Ordnance of Ground Artillery) is a self-propelled and air-droppable 120 mm mortar designed in the Soviet Union, which entered service in 1981. The 2S9 chassis is designated the S-120 and based on the aluminium hull of the BTR-D airborne multi-purpose tracked armoured personnel carrier. More generally, the 120 mm mortar is referred to as the Nona, with the 2S9 also known as the Nona-S. Although no figures have been released, it is estimated that well over 1,000 2S9 were built.
Description
The 2S9 Nona-S is an amphibious vehicle that can be propelled through the water by two rear water-jets. It is operated by a four-man crew comprising a commander, a driver/mechanic, a gunner, and a loader. The hull interior is separated into a command compartment, a fighting compartment and an engine compartment. A welded steel turret is located at the middle of the hull. The two-man turret has hatches for the gunner and loader respectively.
The 2S9 utilizes a 120mm 2A51 mortar with a 1.8-meter-long barrel. The weapon is actually a hybrid of a mortar and howitzer, being an unconventional design that lacks a direct NATO counterpart. It is a rifled, breech-loaded weapon capable of firing They (high explosive), white phosphorus and smoke rounds, as well as laser-guided munitions like KM-8 Gran. It can engage in indirect and direct fire, as well as targeting armoured vehicles; its armour-piercing rounds can penetrate the equivalent of 600-650mm of steel plate at up to a kilometre.
Operational History
They have been deployed by Russia during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. Ukrainian forces have claimed to have destroyed a Nona-K artillery piece with a M777 on 12 July according to the Ukrainian Ministry of Defence. It doesn't state where it took place however given the footage was released by Operational Command South one assumes it was in the South of the country. A further one was claimed destroyed on 21 July in Mykolaiv region 47°02'48.6"N 32°37'31.2"E. Photos show captured 2S23 Nona in Ukrainian service.
Variants
Variants of the 120mm Nona mortar:
2S23 Nona-SVK – A BTR-80 based version. The 2S23 uses a slightly modified version of the 2A51 mortar, designated the 2A60.
2B16 Nona-K – A towed version. Fitted with a muzzle brake.
Current operators
: 18 2S9
: 48 2S9
: 25 2S9
: 12 2S9
: 9 2S9
: more than 780 (including 500 in store) 2S9 Nona-S, 42 2S23 Nona-SVK and 124 2B16 Nona-K
- Quantity unknown
: 203 2S9
: 2 2B16 and 40 2S9. 2S9 and 2B16 versions have used by both sides during Russo-Ukrainian War
: 54 2S9
- 18 Nona SVK, ordered 2009, delivered 2011–2012. 13 in service .
External links
Walkaround 2S9 Nona from Kremenchug
See also
2S31 Vena tracked 120mm mortar system (2A80)
References
Self-propelled artillery of Russia
Self-propelled artillery of the Soviet Union
120 mm artillery
Gun-mortars
Motovilikha Plants products
TsNIITochMash products
120mm mortars
Field artillery of the Cold War
Mortars of the Soviet Union
Military vehicles introduced in the 1980s
The EN 10034 "Structural steel I and H sections. Tolerances on shape and dimensions" is a European Standard.
The standard is developed by the technical committee ECISS/TC 103 - Structural steels other than reinforcements.
See also
I-beam
EN 10024
Construction standards
10034
Structural engineering standards
Structural steel
Kalkofen is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Donnersbergkreis
Perisse Frères (established c. 1760) was a publishing firm in Lyon, France, established by Jean-André Perisse-Duluc (born 1738) and their brother Antoine. Around 1825 the business expanded to Paris, becoming "Bourguet-Calas et Cie" in 1874. The business in Lyon continued into the 1880s.
Published by the firm
See also
Books in France
References
External links
Post-Reformation Digital Library. Perisse Frères
(Documents the firm's interaction with Société typographique de Neuchâtel)
WorldCat. Perisse-Duluc, Jean André
French booksellers
1760 establishments in France
Companies based in Lyon
Book publishing companies of France
Mass media in Lyon
18th century in Lyon
19th century in Lyon
French companies established in 1760
Bicester Aerodrome, formerly RAF Bicester, is an airfield on the outskirts of the English town of Bicester in Oxfordshire. Dating back to 1916, this military airfield is notable as the location of the first flight of the prototype Handley Page Halifax in 1939 and was later the home of No. 71 Maintenance Unit, RAF (Royal Air Force); the RAF finally left in 2004.
The airfield consists of of well-drained short-mown grass, with three nominal runways (not marked) of 06/24, 13/31, 18/36, each long. The airfield surface is bumpy in places, due to collapsing field drains, requiring care on the part of pilots operating aircraft in those areas.
History
In 1911, flying first took place on the site, when Lt H.R.P Reynolds landed a Bristol Boxkite biplane on the field. Organised flying began in 1916 when a Training Depot was established. In January 1917, the Royal Flying Corps (RFC) moved into the site, then , with the arrival of 118 night bomber squadrons. Canvas-covered Bessonneau hangars were used until more substantial aircraft sheds were built.
In November 1918, No. 44 Training Station Depot arrived, followed in 1919 by 5 Squadron, flying Bristol F.2 Fighters returning from France, having flown in the First World War. All the squadrons disbanded by 1920, and the airfield was closed in 1920 after being used briefly as a clearing centre for repatriated soldiers.
In 1925, work began on redeveloping the site as a bomber station, and flying began again in January 1928. Various large RAF bombers operated from the field, including the Vickers Virginia. Other aircraft included Hawker Horsleys and, in 1935, Hawker Harts arrived. In November 1932, the only RAF squadron of Boulton Paul Sidestrands arrived, replaced by Overstrands in 1936.
Development of the station continued throughout this period, with many new buildings being erected. This included the construction of a connection from the nearby 'Varsity Line' railway to supply the airfield.
Second World War
In 1937/1938, two squadrons of the new Bristol Blenheim bomber arrived, followed in 1939 by two more squadrons with Supermarine Spitfires and Avro Anson support aircraft, forming the No. 1 Camouflage Unit RAF. The aircraft were used for training, with no operational sorties being flown from the field.
Later in 1939, having been built in Cricklewood just before war broke out, the first prototype Handley Page Halifax was taken by road to RAF Bicester and assembled in secret there before the company's chief test pilot Major Jim Cordes and flight test observer E A 'Ginger' Wright made its first flight on 25 October 1939. The type went on to become the first four-engined bomber to drop bombs on Germany in the Second World War.
In July 1940, the second RAF Bomber Command Training Group (No. 7 Group RAF) was formed, with its headquarters at RAF Bicester. This was required due to a demand in operational training, supplying squadrons of No. 2 Group. No. 6 (T) Group RAF and No. 92 (OTU) Group RAF were both connected to the airfield.
Throughout the war, RAF Bicester was used as a training centre, and in April 1940 became home to No. 13 Operational Training Unit RAF, under the control of RAF Bomber Command. In June 1943, the unit transferred to No. 9 Group RAF, RAF Fighter Command, flying Spitfires and de Havilland Mosquitos. Although no offensive missions were flown, flights were not without risk. In April 1940, 13 OTU experienced the first losses of the newly formed Bomber Command operational training units. On 6 December 1941, a Blenheim stalled on take-off, killing all three crew members. Just four days later, a second Blenheim crashed in an identical accident, again with no survivors.
Squadrons
Units
Post-war
At the end of 1944, Bicester became a non-flying unit, used for maintenance, and later as a Motor Transport depot. In 1953, No. 71 Maintenance Unit arrived, that salvaged, repaired, and then transported damaged aircraft.
In 1956, Windrushers Gliding Club arrived, having moved from Little Rissington, and gliding began at the field. In 1963, the Royal Air Force Gliding & Soaring Association (RAFGSA) began using the site, eventually merging with Windrushers Gliding Club. Gliding has taken place at the airfield since 1956. In 1966, No. 1 LAA Squadron RAF Regiment arrived from RAAF Butterworth, Malaysia, along with No. 26 LAA Squadron RAF Regiment − from RAF Changi, Singapore.
In 1976, the RAF ceased to use the airfield as a military base, but still maintained staff there to run the gliding training operation as adventure training for servicemen. In the mid-1980s, the USAF briefly used the Technical and Domestic Area for storage.
In 1982 the USAF created a wartime contingency hospital with 500 beds and all ancillary medical services using restored RAF World War II dormitories. There were between 12 and 20 USAF personnel stationed on site until the beginning of Operation Desert Storm, when they were augmented by 1200 USAF medical personnel from USAF medical Center, Wilford Hall, Lackland Air Force Base, Texas. The facility was used to treat minor physical injuries and possible PTSD patients. The unit was deactivated in 1992.
Between 1979 and 1992, the RAFGSA Centre allowed US servicemen from RAF Upper Heyford to become members. US servicemen, from the US Armed Forces family housing next to the airfield in Bicester, learnt to fly at Bicester as a result.
In 1990, during Operation Desert Shield, the USAF deployed medical personnel to the site, and equipped a number of buildings in both the Technical and Domestic area as a hospital. This was done in anticipation of a large number of casualties that never materialized, during the 1991 First Persian Gulf War.
In 1997 the Ministry of Defence placed the Married Quarter sites at RAF Bicester up for disposal by formal tender.
Today
The airfield is a substantially unmodified pre-war RAF station with many listed buildings. The brick-built 1934 "Fort" type 1959/34 control tower survives, as do the two C-type and two A-type aircraft hangars.
During the late 1990s The Welbeck Estate Group/Hodge Group acquired 300 post war and modern Officers and NCO married quarters on the Stratton Fields and The Rowans housing estate.
In the late 1990s, plans were proposed to develop the airfield for housing and industry, but they were abandoned due to strong local opposition and the historic nature of the site. In 2002, Cherwell District Council designated the aerodrome as a Conservation Area.
In June 2004, the RAF Gliding and Soaring Association moved to RAF Halton. The airfield became home to both Windrushers Gliding Club (reformed in July 2004) who leased the site from the MOD until 2013, with Oxford University Gliding Club and, for a few years, Cranfield University Gliding Club, as sub-sections within the Windrushers club. The club continued to operate from Bicester along with the Oxford University club, but after the existing lease expired the Club went into hibernation on 30 June 2020, it is now hoping to find another site to fly from. At the same time, the Oxford University group moved to Weston on the Green, rejoining Oxford Gliding Club after over 40 years at Bicester.
In 2012, further plans for housing were also refused permission by Cherwell District Council. In March 2013 Bicester Airfield was acquired from the MOD by Bicester Heritage Limited with the aim of developing the UK's first business park dedicated to historic motoring and aviation. Bicester Heritage aim to bring together the UK's cottage industry of specialists in order to promote not just the preservation but, specifically, the use of vintage aeroplanes and motor cars.
One of the companies which located in the park was Chiltern Classic Flight, a company which provides training programs for flying and maintaining classic aircraft, including formation flying. They prepare aircraft for and participate in air shows and fly-pasts, and contribute demonstrations to the annual Youth Aviation Day.
Accidents and incidents
On 6 December 1941 Bristol Blenheim IV Z7962 of No. 110 Squadron RAF was taking off from the airfield but crashed just outside the perimeter, killing all four people aboard. Incorrect trim tab settings were thought to have caused the accident.
References
Further reading
External links
The Wartime Memories Project - RAF Bicester
Windrushers Gliding Club - Bicester Airfield history
WW2 Airfields of Oxfordshire - Bicester
RAF Museum - Vickers Virginia
Controltowers.co.uk - Bicester
VR York (Halifax bomber information
Group Captain Hughie Edwards VC 105 Squadron
Chiltern Classic Flight - Bicester Airfield History
Bicester Heritage Limited
Airports in South East England
Bicester
Royal Air Force stations in Oxfordshire
Royal Air Force stations of World War II in the United Kingdom
Transport in Oxfordshire
An island council was the governing body of an island territory, an administrative level of the Netherlands Antilles until its dissolution.
Island councils existed for:
Aruba (until its secession from the Netherlands Antilles in 1986)
Bonaire
Curaçao
Saba
Sint Eustatius
Sint Maarten
The latter three were until 1 April 1983 governed by a single island council:
the Windward Islands ()
Dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles
Upon the dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles in 2010, the island councils of Sint Maarten and Curaçao have become the Estates of Sint Maarten and the Estates of Curaçao respectively. The island councils of Bonaire, Saba and Sint Eustatius (the Caribbean Netherlands), kept their name and became island councils of the special municipalities of the Netherlands.
References
Types of administrative division
Government of the Netherlands Antilles
nl:Eilandsraad#Eilandsraad in de Nederlandse Antillen
Joan Fuster Bonnin (1870-1943) was a Spanish painter.
Biography
Joan Fuster Bonnin was born in Palma, Majorca in 1870. They trained at the School of Fine Arts and later at Ricardo Anckermann's studio-school. They were one of the most active, prolific, and prominent painters from the first half of the twentieth century. They had an ambition to evolve their style of painting and, although it was uncommon at the time, they were devoted exclusively to the craft of painting.
They were influenced by the artistic renewal that unfolded on the island of Majorca and became interested in the innovative style of Antoni Gelabert Massot. In Bonnin's work the direct influence of the Anckermann School and of the artists Eliseu Meifrèn, Anglada Camarasa, William Degouve de Nuncques and Santiago Rusiñol can be seen. Bonnin developed their aesthetic in line with these influences, becoming a pioneer of the renewal of painting Majorcan style in the first third of the twentieth century.
Joan Fuster's work was mainly related to Rusiñol, Degouve and Juan Mir. Between 1908 and 1909, they befriended the French painter Henri Brugnot. They received money from Eliseu Meifrèn, which allowed them to stay in Majorca between 1907 and 1910. In 1914, they followed the work of Anglada Camarasa, and exchanged experiences in the 1930s with Guillem Bergnes.
They built a personal style which was chiefly concerned with open landscapes, space and light. They were passionate about nature and the light and colors of Majorca. Bonnin expressed their passion in an article in the August 15, 1928 issue of the newspaper El Día:
It is of interest to all Majorcan people, without distinction, to defend our landscape that is our essence. We can not miss any opportunity that presents itself to extol, affirm and proclaim it as much as possible. We have to take advantage of all the opportunities we encounter, precisely because of the fame of the Majorcan landscape, days of prosperity and welfare should emanate for all Majorcans.
Their realistic impressionism style has similarities to another Majorcan painter, Miquel Forteza, which is especially apparent in the quality of their brushstrokes.
Bonnin actively exhibited their work in Spain, South America and throughout Europe. Thirty solo exhibitions have been documented. These took place in Palma, Mahon, Barcelona, Bilbao and Buenos Aires. Their work also appeared in exhibitions in Madrid, Barcelona, London, Marseille and Munich.
Major exhibitions
National Exhibition of Fine Arts in Madrid (1899, 1901, 1904, 1906, 1908, 1926)
Exposition d'Art in Barcelona (1898, 1907, 1921)
National Exhibition of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture in Madrid (1910, 1912, 1917)
Exhibition of Fine Arts in Marseille (1903)
Munich International Exhibition (1913)
Witcomb Exhibition of Buenos Aires (Argentina) (1929)
Awards
Silver Medal at the Exhibition Balear de Soller (1887)
Gold Medal at the International Exhibition Marseille (1903)
Honorable Mentions in the National Exhibition of Fine Arts in Madrid (1904 and 1906)
Tributes
Circulo Bellas Artes de Palma (1945)
Quint Gallery (1947)
Centennial Exhibition (1970)
Chapter House in La Cartuja (1970)
Sa Llonja (1995)
Works
"The Passeig del Born" - Oil on canvas (132 X 207)
"Retrat de l'Wife" - Oil on canvas (67 X 54)
"Vista de la Badia de Palma a la sortida des sol" - Oil on canvas (58 X 71)
"Nocturn amb figures" - Oil on canvas (102 X 129)
"L'amo Moragues Son" - Oil on canvas (136.5 x 75.5)
"Son Tarongers Rock" - Oil on canvas (64 X 73.5)
"Molinar Nocturn" - Oil on canvas (60 X 41.5)
"Sa Foradada" - Oil on canvas (46 X 55)
Bibliography
Joan Fuster - Edicions Llonja ()
Dictionary "Rafols" - Fuster Bonnin, Joan ()
The contemporary painting in Mallorca Vol II - Joan Fuster (Editions Cort - Gaspar Sabater)
Fruitful and persistent work of the painter Juan Fuster - Pere Ferrer Gibert (Article Journal "Balears" 04/11/1943)
Pictures of Joan Fuster - Manuel Cirer Moragues (Journal Article "La Ultima Hora" 26/11/1903)
The Joan Fuster exhibition - Ernest Dethorey (Journal Article "El Día" 11.14.1926)
About the Mallorcan landscape - Joan Fuster (Journal Article "El Día" 15/08/1928
Salvat Dictionary - Fuster Bonnin, Joan (Salvat Editores, p. 1568. Fourth Volume.)
Thirty-five years of painting in Baleares - Joan Cabot Llompart (Article magazine "Artes Plásticas" number 39)
Joan Fuster - Bru Morell (Article newspaper "El Día" 08.01.1994)
Paisajistas Españoles del Siglo XIX (Spanish Landscape 19th century)
Paraíso Balear (Balear Paradise)
19th-century Spanish painters
19th-century Spanish male artists
Spanish male painters
20th-century Spanish painters
20th-century Spanish male artists
1870 births
1943 deaths
Corey Page (born 27 March 1971) is an Australian film and television actor. They had a leading role in the television series Heartbreak High in Australia. Additionally, they were a series regular in the US television series The City from 1995–96.
Page also co-starred in the MTV/Paramount feature film, Dead Man on Campus in 1998, and supporting role in the independent film The Road Home.
Most recently, Page served as on-set drama coach for the independent Australian film Newcastle, directed by US writer/director, Dan Castle and as Matthew Webster in the 2011 Australian film Wrath.
References
External links
1975 births
Australian male film actors
Australian male television actors
Living people
People from Broken Hill, New South Wales
20th-century Australian male actors
21st-century Australian male actors
Control Pictures is a Unicode block containing characters for graphically representing the C0 control codes, and other control characters. Its block name in Unicode 1.0 was Pictures for Control Codes.
Block
History
The following Unicode-related documents record the purpose and process of defining specific characters in the Control Pictures block:
See also
ISO 2047
References
Unicode blocks
The Highland Brigade (known as N Group until 1948) was an administrative brigade of the British Army from 1946 to 1968, that administered the regiments with recruiting grounds in the Scottish Highlands.
History
After the Second World War the British Army had fourteen infantry depots, each bearing a letter. The depots were territorially organised, and Infantry Depot N was the headquarters for the highland regiments.
In 1948, the depots adopted names and this depot became the Highland Brigade, with all regiments being reduced to a single battalion at the same time. The Highland Brigade was formally created on 14 July 1948 from the depots of six regiments:
The Black Watch (Royal Highland Regiment)
The Highland Light Infantry (City of Glasgow Regiment)
The Seaforth Highlanders (Ross-shire Buffs, The Duke of Albany's)
The Gordon Highlanders
The Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders
The Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Princess Louise's)
Under the Defence Review announced in July 1957, the infantry of the line was reorganised, and by 1961 the Brigade was reduced to four battalions:
In 1958, the Highland Light Infantry was controversially transferred to the Lowland Brigade, to become part of the amalgamated Royal Highland Fusiliers.
On 7 February 1961, The Seaforth Highlanders and Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders were amalgamated to form the Queen's Own Highlanders (Seaforth and Camerons).
From 1958 all regiments in the Brigade adopted a common cap badge consisting of the saltire of St. Andrew on which was superimposed a stag's head and a scroll inscribed Cuidigh 'n Righ. The various Territorial Battalions that were also part of the then five Highland Regiments were split off in 1967 and grouped together, eventually forming the 51st Highland Volunteers.
On 1 July 1968 the Highland Brigade was united with the Lowland Brigade, to form the Scottish Division.
Units
Throughout its existence, the brigade was made up of the following units:
| style="text-align:left; width:50%; vertical-align:top;"|
Regular battalions
1st Battalion, Black Watch (1946–1968)
2nd Battalion, Black Watch (1946–1948, 1952–1956)
1st Battalion, Highland Light Infantry (1946–1958)
2nd Battalion, Highland Light Infantry (1946–1948)
1st Battalion, Seaforth Highlanders (1946–1961)
2nd Battalion, Seaforth Highlanders (1946–1948)
1st Battalion, Gordon Highlanders (1946–1968)
2nd Battalion, Gordon Highlanders (1946–1948)
1st Battalion, Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders (1946–1961)
2nd Battalion, Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders (1946–1948)
1st Battalion, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (1946–1968)
2nd Battalion, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (1946–1948)
1st Battalion, Queen's Own Highlanders (Seaforth and Camerons) (1961–1968)
| style="text-align:left; width:50%; vertical-align:top;"|
Territorial battalions
4th/5th (Dundee and Angus) Battalion, Black Watch (1947–1967)
6th/7th (Perthshire and Fife) Battalion, Black Watch (1947–1967)
3rd (T) Battalion, Black Watch (1967–1968)
5th/6th Battalion, Highland Light Infantry (1947–1967)
9th (Glasgow Highland) Battalion, Highland Light Infantry (1947–1949)
1st Battalion, Glasgow Highlanders, Highland Light Infantry (1949–1959)
11th Battalion, Seaforth Highlanders (1947–1967)
4th/7th Battalion, Gordon Highlanders (1947–1961)
5th/6th (Banff, Buchan and Donside) Battalion, Gordon Highlanders (1947–1961)
London Scottish, Gordon Highlanders (1947–1967)
3rd Battalion, Gordon Highlanders (1961–1968)
4th/5th Battalion, Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders (1947–1967)
1st Battalion, Liverpool Scottish, Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders (1947–1967)
7th Battalion, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (1947–1967)
8th (The Argyllshire) Battalion, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (1947–1967)
3rd (T) Battalion, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (1967–1968)
3rd (T) Battalion, Queen's Own Highlanders (Seaforth and Camerons) (1967–1968)
References
Infantry administrative brigades of the British Army
Military of Scotland
Dutton Locks is a historic lock on the River Weaver in Cheshire, England. The locks are Grade II listed with Historic England. The locks are still in use and form a destination for walkers and cyclists. Dutton Locks is also the name of a hamlet of approximately six residences adjacent to the locks.
Description
There are two locks built in 1874 for the Weaver Navigation Company. The lock gates are driven by Pelton turbines and semaphores control access to the locks. The locks raise or lower boats by 2.4m (8 feet) and they are 7.3m (24 feet) deep when the locks are full. The largest ship ever to use the lock was the 1,000 tonne capacity St. Michael from the Netherlands, which passed through in 1984.
Facilities
The locks can only be accessed on land via a footpath along the river; consequently they are used as a recreational destination for walkers, horse riders and cyclists. The footpath forms part of the Weaver Way, a hiking trail between Audlem and Frodsham. It is also on National Cycle Route 5.
The locks are managed by the Canal and River Trust and mooring is allowed with a permit. There is a shipwreck at the locks, of a boat called the Chica, built in 1894. The locks are a short distance from two other Grade II listed landmarks – Dutton Horse Bridge and Dutton Sluice – and the Grade II* listed Dutton Viaduct.
See also
Listed buildings in Acton Bridge
List of parks and open spaces in Cheshire
References
Tourist attractions in Cheshire
Locks of England
Parks and open spaces in Cheshire
1874 establishments in England
Bagh (, meaning "garden") may refer to:
Places
India
Bagh Caves in Madhya Pradesh, India
Bagh, Dhar, a town in Madhya Pradesh, India
Iran
Bagh, Ardabil, a village in Ardabil Province
Bagh, Larestan, a village in Fars Province
Bagh, Mamasani, a village in Fars Province
Bagh, Gilan, a village in Gilan Province
Bagh, alternate name of Bagh Chamak, a village in Kerman Province
Bagh, Khuzestan, a village in Khuzestan Province
Bagh, Lorestan, a village in Lorestan Province
Bagh, North Khorasan, a village
Bagh, South Khorasan, a village
Bagh, West Azerbaijan, a village
Bagh-e Olya (disambiguation)
Bagh-e Sofla (disambiguation)
Bagh, alternate name of Bagh-e Latifan, a village
Bagh, alternate name of Bagh-e Sofla, Lorestan, a village
Bagh, Zanjan, a village in Zanjan Country
Pakistan
Bagh, Azad Kashmir, a city in Azad Kashmir, Pakistan
Bagh District, a district in Azad Kashmir, Pakistan
Bagh Union Council, a union council in Abottabad District, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan
Bagh, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, an area of Abottabad District, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan
Bagh-e-Jinnah (disambiguation)
Other uses
Bagh (garden) or Persian garden, a type of garden originating in Iran
Peter von Bagh (1943–2014), Finnish film historian and director
See also
Bagh Express, an Indian Railways express train
Bagh-e Bala (disambiguation)
Bagh Stallions, a cricket franchise
Bagha (disambiguation)
Kalateh-ye Bagh
John Racener (born December 17, 1985) is an American poker professional from Port Richey, Florida, best known as the runner-up of the Main Event at the 2010 World Series of Poker. They have made World Series of Poker final tables on 18 occasions, as well as one World Poker Tour final table.
Racener won their first WSOP bracelet in 2017, capturing the $10,000 Dealers Choice Championship for $273,962. They also had 17 cashes in 2017 which is a joint record with Chris Ferguson.
As of 2021, their live tournament winnings exceed $10,175,000, the majority of which comes from their $5.5 million second place prize at the 2010 Main Event.
World Series of Poker bracelets
References
1985 births
American poker players
World Series of Poker bracelet winners
Living people
People from Tampa, Florida
Speech analytics is the process of analyzing recorded calls to gather customer information to improve communication and future interaction. The process is primarily used by customer contact centers to extract information buried in client interactions with an enterprise. Although speech analytics includes elements of automatic speech recognition, it is known for analyzing the topic being discussed, which is weighed against the emotional character of the speech and the amount and locations of speech versus non-speech during the interaction. Speech analytics in contact centers can be used to mine recorded customer interactions to surface the intelligence essential for building effective cost containment and customer service strategies. The technology can pinpoint cost drivers, trend analysis, identify strengths and weaknesses with processes and products, and help understand how the marketplace perceives offerings.
Definition
Speech analytics provides a Complete analysis of recorded phone conversations between a company and its customers. It provides advanced functionality and valuable intelligence from customer calls. This information can be used to discover information relating to strategy, product, process, operational issues and contact center agent performance. In addition, speech analytics can automatically identify areas in which contact center agents may need additional training or coaching, and can automatically monitor the customer service provided on calls.
The process can isolate the words and phrases used most frequently within a given time period, as well as indicate whether usage is trending up or down. This information is useful for supervisors, analysts, and others in an organization to spot changes in consumer behavior and take action to reduce call volumes—and increase customer satisfaction. It allows insight into a customer's thought process, which in turn creates an opportunity for companies to make adjustments.
Usability
Speech analytics applications can spot spoken keywords or phrases, either as real-time alerts on live audio or as a post-processing step on recorded speech. This technique is also known as audio mining. Other uses include categorization of speech in the contact center environment to identify calls from unsatisfied customers.
Measures such as Precision and recall, commonly used in the field of Information retrieval, are typical ways of quantifying the response of a speech analytics search system. Precision measures the proportion of search results that are relevant to the query. Recall measures the proportion of the total number of relevant items that were returned by the search results. Where a standardised test set has been used, measures such as precision and recall can be used to directly compare the search performance of different speech analytics systems.
Making a meaningful comparison of the accuracy of different speech analytics systems can be difficult. The output of LVCSR systems can be scored against reference word-level transcriptions to produce a value for the word error rate (WER), but because phonetic systems use phones as the basic recognition unit, rather than words, comparisons using this measure cannot be made. When speech analytics systems are used to search for spoken words or phrases, what matters to the user is the accuracy of the search results that are returned. Because the impact of individual recognition errors on these search results can vary greatly, measures such as word error rate are not always helpful in determining overall search accuracy from the user perspective.
According to the US Government Accountability Office, “data reliability refers to the accuracy and completeness of computer-processed data, given the uses they are intended for.” In the realm of Speech Recognition and Analytics, “completeness” is measured by the “detection rate”, and usually as accuracy goes up, the detection rate goes down.
Technology
Speech analytics vendors use the "engine" of a 3rd party and others develop proprietary engines. The technology mainly uses three approaches. The phonetic approach is the fastest for processing, mostly because the size of the grammar is very small, with a phoneme as the basic recognition unit. There are only few tens of unique phonemes in most languages, and the output of this recognition is a stream (text) of phonemes, which can then be searched. Large-vocabulary continuous speech recognition (LVCSR, more commonly known as speech-to-text, full transcription or ASR - automatic speech recognition) uses a set of words (bi-grams, tri-grams etc.) as the basic unit. This approach requires hundreds of thousands of words to match the audio against. It can surface new business issues, the queries are much faster, and the accuracy is higher than the phonetic approach.
Extended speech emotion recognition and prediction is based on three main classifiers: kNN, C4.5 and SVM RBF Kernel. This set achieves better performance than each basic classifier taken separately. It is compared with two other sets of classifiers: one-against-all (OAA) multiclass SVM with Hybrid kernels and the set of classifiers which consists of the following two basic classifiers: C5.0 and Neural Network. The proposed variant achieves better performance than the other two sets of classifiers.
Growth
Market research indicates that speech analytics is projected to become a billion dollar industry by 2020 with North America having the largest market share. The growth rate is attributed to rising requirements for compliance and risk management as well as an increase in industry competition through market intelligence. The telecommunications, IT and outsourcing segments of the industry are considered to hold the largest market share with expected growth from the travel and hospitality segments.
See also
Customer intelligence
Customer dynamics
Speech recognition
References
Speech recognition
Customer relationship management
The crested gallito (Rhinocrypta lanceolata) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, and Paraguay.
Taxonomy and systematics
The crested gallito is the only species in its genus. Two subspecies are recognized, the nominate Rhinocrypta lanceolata lanceolata and R. l. saturata, which was described in 1939.
Description
The crested gallito is long. The male weighs and the female . It is an unusual tapaculo, having long crown feathers that it often erects as a crest and even bends forward. It also has a long tail that it cocks upward. The nominate subspecies' head is cinnamon with white streaks, its upper parts including wings and tail olive gray. The throat and chest are pale gray, the sides of the breast chestnut, and the lower belly olive gray. R. l. saturata is similar but all of the colors are darker.
Distribution and habitat
The nominate subspecies of crested gallito ranges from northern Argentina through the central part of the country south to northern Río Negro Province and southern Buenos Aires Province. R. l. saturata is found in southeastern Bolivia and western Paraguay.
The crested gallito inhabits Chaco forest from sea level to , though R. l. saturata is found only in the lower elevations. It frequents thorny brush and undergrowth.
Behavior
Feeding
The crested gallito forages on the ground or through low branches for arthropods.
Breeding
The crested gallito's nest is a ball of grass and other materials lined with hair or wool placed up in a dense bush or small tree. Up to three eggs are laid, usually between September and December. Both sexes incubate. Shiny cowbirds (Molothrus bonariensis) are known to parasitize the nest.
Vocalization
The crested gallito sings only during the breeding season, with "a loud, resonant, 'chirrup'...at intervals of 2-4 seconds." . The call is "a trilled 'wheer'" .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the crested gallito as of The Least Concern. It is overall uncommon but locally fairly common and occurs in several protected areas in Argentina. The population is not known but is believed to be stable.
References
crested gallito
Birds of the Gran Chaco
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Paraguay
crested gallito
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mark Simpson, known by the pen name Jock, is a Scottish cartoonist, best known for their work in 2000 AD, The Losers, and more recently Batman and Wolverine.  They are also known for Wytches by Image Comics.
Career
Comics
Jock began their professional career at British comics magazine 2000 AD, on series including Judge Dredd and Lenny Zero, the latter with writer Andy Diggle.
It was with Diggle that they got their big break in the American comic book market at DC Comics and their Vertigo imprint, working on The Losers and Green Arrow: Year One. Also at Vertigo and with Mike Carey, another former 2000 AD writer, Jock worked on an issue of Hellblazer and the Faker limited series, returning the character John Constantine in the graphic novel Hellblazer: Pandemonium with Jamie Delano. Following their run on Green Arrow they got more work on main DC universe titles, in particular two storylines on Detective Comics, the first featuring Batwoman and the second Batman.
Jock is also a prolific cover artist with a distinctive style – they have produced covers for several titles across all major publishers.
On 9 April 2011 Jock was one of 62 comics creators who appeared at the IGN stage at the Kapow! convention in London to set two Guinness World Records, the Fastest Production of a Comic Book, and Most Contributors to a Comic Book. With Guinness officials on hand to monitor their progress, writer Mark Millar began work at 9am scripting a 20-page black and white Superior comic book, with Jock and the other artists appearing on stage throughout the day to work on the pencils, inks, and lettering, including Dave Gibbons, Frank Quitely, John Romita Jr., Adi Granov, Doug Braithwaite, Ian Churchill, Olivier Coipel, Duncan Fegredo, Simon Furman, David Lafuente, John McCrea, Sean Phillips and Liam Sharp, who all drew a panel each, with regular Superior artist Leinil Yu creating the book's front cover. The book was completed in 11 hours, 19 minutes, and 38 seconds, and was published through Icon on 23 November 2011, with all royalties being donated to Yorkhill Children's Foundation.
Movie work
Jock has contributed concept paintings and key art to a number of film productions and promotional campaigns, including Hancock, Battleship, Children of Men, Dredd, Batman Begins and X-Men: Days of Future Past. They were the principal Concept Designer on Dredd. They continued their work with Dredd scriptwriter Alex Garland on Garland's next film, Ex Machina, working on the AI robot Ava.
Poster art
Jock has produced a number of silk screen prints and poster art for Mondo, including The Divide, Zombie, The Last House on the Left, West of Memphis, The Dark Knight Rises, The Raid, Dredd, Zero Dark Thirty, The Thing, Halloween, and Iron Man 3.
Awards
Nominations
2006 Eisner Award for Best Cover Artist (for The Losers)
2012 Stan Lee Award for Best Artist (for Detective Comics)
Awards
2001 National Comics Award for Best New Talent (for "Judge Dredd" in 2000AD, tied with Frazer Irving, for "Necronauts" in 2000AD)
2012 Stan Lee Award for Best Ongoing Series (for Detective Comics, with Scott Snyder, Francesco Francavilla)
MTV The 10 Best Movie Posters of 2010 (#8, for The Losers poster art)
2019 SXSW Excellence in Poster Design Winner for Daniel Isn't Real
Bibliography
Comics
2000 AD
Pulp Sci-Fi: "Reapermen" (with Gordon Rennie, in #1170, 1999)
Judge Dredd:
"Shirley Temple of Doom" (with John Wagner, in #1193–1196, 2000)
"Crossing Ken Dodd" (with John Wagner, in #1214, 2000)
"Rampots" (with John Wagner, in #1231, 2001)
"Safe Hands" (with Gordon Rennie, in #1273, 2002)
"Tartan Terrors" (with Gordon Rennie, in #1540, 2007)
Tor Cyan (with John Tomlinson):
"Rahab" (in #1295, 2002)
"Phage" (in #1296, 2002)
"No Such Place" (in #1297–1299, 2002)
Judge Dredd Megazine (Fleetway):
Judge Dredd (with John Wagner):
"Dead Ringer" (in vol. 3 No. 65, 2000)
"Ten Years" (in vol. 3 No. 70, 2000)
Lenny Zero (with Andy Diggle):
"Lenny Zero" (in vol. 3 No. 68, 2000)
"Dead Zero" (in vol. 4 #1–2, 2001)
"Wipeout" (in vol. 4 #14–15, 2002)
DC Comics/Vertigo
Hellblazer:
"The Game of Cat and Mouse" (with Mike Carey, in No. 181, 2003)
Pandemonium (with Jamie Delano, graphic novel, 2010)
The Losers #1–6, 9–12, 16–19, 23–25, 29–32 (with Andy Diggle, Vertigo, 2003–2006)
Faker (with Mike Carey, Vertigo, 2007–2008)
Green Arrow: Year One (with Andy Diggle, DC Comics, 2007)
Detective Comics:
"Cutter" (with Greg Rucka, in #861–863, 2010)
"The Black Mirror" (with Scott Snyder, in #871–873, 2011)
"Hungry City" (with Scott Snyder, in #876–878, 2011)
"My Dark Architect" (with Scott Snyder, in No. 880, 2011)
"The Face in the Glass" (with Scott Snyder and Francesco Francavilla, in No. 881, 2011)
Batman:
"A Simple Case" (with Scott Snyder and Brian Azzarello, in #44, 2015)
"All-Star Batman":
"My Own Worst Enemy" (with Scott Snyder, in #1-5, 2016)
Cold to the Core (with Scott Snyder, in #6, 2017)
The Batman Who Laughs #1–7 (with Scott Snyder, DC Comics, 2018–2019)
Marvel Comics
Dark X-Men: The Beginning #3: "Get Mystique (Slight Return)" (with Jason Aaron, Marvel, 2009)
Savage Wolverine (writer and artist, with Lee Loughridge, #9-11, 2013)
Other publishers
Forty-Five: "Amy Turner" (with Andi Ewington and 44 other artists, graphic novel, Com.x, 2010)
Immortals: Gods and Heroes: "The Hunt" (script and art, graphic novel, Archaia Studios, 2011)
Wytches (with Scott Snyder, Image Comics, 2014)
Cover art
2000 AD #1203, 1227, 1236, 1254, 1258, 1260, 1266, 1274, 1304, 1318, 1335, 1397, 1450, 1503 (Fleetway/Rebellion Developments, 2000–2006)
Judge Dredd Megazine vol. 3 No. 77 (Fleetway, 2001)
Judge Dredd Megazine vol. 4 No. 4, 11 (Fleetway, 2001–2002)
Judge Dredd vs. Aliens: Incubus No. 4 (Dark Horse, 2003)
2000 AD Extreme Edition No. 1 (Rebellion, 2003)
King James No. 1 (DC Comics, 2004)
The Losers #7–8, 13–15, 20–22, 26–28 (Vertigo, 2004–2005)
Batman: Legends of the Dark Knight #177–178 (DC Comics, 2004)
Detective Comics #797–800, 809–810, 859, 871–881 (DC Comics, 2004–2012)
Catwoman No. 43 (DC Comics, 2005)
Batman #642–650, Annual No. 25 (DC Comics, 2005–2006)
Nightwing #118–124 (DC Comics, 2006)
Swamp Thing No. 26 (Vertigo, 2006)
Rush City (DC Comics, 2006–2007)
Scalped #1–11, 13–17, 21–60 (Vertigo, 2007–2012)
Push No. 1 (Wildstorm, 2009)
Thunderbolts No. 127 (Marvel, 2009)
Die Hard: Year One #1–4 (Boom! Studios, 2009)
Batman Confidential No. 33 (DC Comics, 2009)
Deadlocke No. 1 (Dark Horse, 2009)
Greek Street #3–6 (Vertigo, 2009)
Azrael #1–3 (DC Comics, 2009–2010)
Freddy vs. Jason vs. Ash: The Nightmare Warriors #5–6 (Wildstorm, 2009–2010)
Driver (Wildstorm, 2010)
Daredevil No. 511 (Marvel, 2011)
Daredevil: Reborn (Marvel, 2011)
Incredible Hulks No. 626 (Marvel, 2011)
Pigs No. 1 (Image, 2011)
Marvel Universe vs. Wolverine No. 3 (Marvel, 2011)
Wolverine MAX #1–15 (Marvel, 2012)
Scalped No. 60 (Vertigo, 2012)
American Vampire No. 30 (Vertigo, 2012)
Uncanny No. 1 Variant (Dynamite, 2013)
Jupiter's Legacy No. 2 Variant (Image, 2013)
Swamp Thing No. 21 (DC Comics, 2013)
Superman Unchained No. 8 (DC Comics, 2014)
Grayson No. 6 (DC Comics, 2015)
Suiciders No. 1 (DC Comics, 2015)
Batman/Superman No. 21 (DC Comics, 2015)
Batman:Europa No. 4 (DC Comics, 2016)
Superman:American Alien No. 7 (DC Comics, 2016)
Batman/The Shadow No. 6 (DC Comics, 2017)
Lucifer No. 1 (Vertigo, 2018)
Batman:Last Knight on Earth No. 1 (DC Comics, 2019)
Batman Black and White No. 2 (DC Comics, 2021)
Venom No. 200 (Marvel, 2021)
Tabletop Games
SLA Industries - Nightfall Games (1999)
References
External links
Mark Simpson at Barney
Living people
1972 births
British comics artists
Inkpot Award winners
Marie Agnes Pearn (1913–1976), known as Inez Pearn and by the pen name Elizabeth Lake, was a British novelist who was acclaimed for their "remorseless interest in emotional truth", their "formidable ... characterisation", and their ability to evoke places with "almost magical clarity". The author and critic Elizabeth Bowen considered that they belonged to the school of literary realism.
Early life and education
Pearn was born in 1913 to Margaret Nichols, a third generation Irish immigrant, and William Pearn, a Cornishman. Them father died before they were born and they spent most of their childhood in convent boarding schools and orphanages while their mother worked as a governess in Europe. Pearn described their childhood in some detail in Marguerite Reilly, their second novel, which was closely based on their family history, spanning four generations since their arrival from Ireland in the mid-1840s, and The First Rebellion, which focuses on an incident during their time as a sixth-former in a Catholic convent boarding school in London.
Pearn spent the summer of 1933 working as a governess to the children of a wealthy family in San Sebastián, Spain. They then won a scholarship to study Spanish Literature at Somerville College, Oxford, where they were close friends with Marghanita Laski and Sally Graves. They were back in San Sebastián the following summer, chaperoned by their cousin, to work as a freelance English teacher. They returned to Madrid in the spring of 1936, this time winning a bursary to pursue research work on their doctoral thesis on Góngora. Unable to return as planned to Madrid in the summer of 1936, as a result of the military uprising in July, Pearn became involved in the Aid to Spain movement at Oxford. To demonstrate their commitment to the Spanish Republican cause, they had changed their name to Inez.
Career
Between 1945 and 1958, Pearn published five novels, at least three of them highly autobiographical. Pearn completed a draft of their first novel, Spanish Portrait, in 1937. I visits to Spain and their romantic involvement, first with a Spanish diplomat and later with an unsuccessful portrait artist, provided the background material for Spanish Portrait, which gives an insightful first-hand impression of the confusion and apprehension of the period known in Spanish as the bienio negro, as the Spanish Republic drifted inexorably towards a violent confrontation. The novel was warmly received when it was published in 1945, under the pen name Elizabeth Lake (the name of their maternal grandmother). Elizabeth Bowen, reviewing it in The Tatler, described it as "a remarkable first novel .. a love story, but of an unusual kind - the two characters are in conflict, the love they feel is unwilling, and the love pursues an at once aimless and painful course. ... the outbreak of .. war leaves the fate of one of the characters a mystery." Bowen considered the characterisation of the man "a masterpiece" - they were "indolent, incalculable, conservative", while the author had "succeeded in putting across on us one of the most odious, arid, shrewish and egocentric young heros on record ... and ... in investing the love-affair ... with mystery, pain and poetry." The Daily Herald also thought it "a good book": "the clash of conventions is movingly and amusingly done", and "the romance ends, as romance often does, with influenza." The novel was also reviewed in the New Statesman by the poet Henry Reed.
Marguerite Reilly, Pearn's second novel, also received positive reviews, although one reviewer found it "too long, but must not be missed", and another "very, though not too, long". The hero was considered "a formidable piece of characterisation", "an extraordinary study ... [a] feature of the tale is the masterly manner in which the author builds up Marguerite's portrait." The story focuses on Marguerite, the eldest of a family of working-class Irish Catholics living in the north-east of England, and their two sisters and niece. Marguerite is determined to better themselves and their family; they are "boastful, unscrupulous, generous-hearted"; "a dominating, deplorable and heroic character, on a scale that English fiction seldom affords;" "through the skill of the author, a very living person emerges." Reviewers described the novel as "carefully and imaginatively written", "exceptionally vital", and felt that the author had a "rare gift for keeping a tale going." Reviews were also carried in other leading international publications, including The New York Times (which described it as "unusual ... a total surprise"), The Spectator, The Listener (by Henry Reed), and The Bell literary magazine, Dublin. It even made the recommended reading list in The British Journal of Nursing, perhaps because Marguerite trains and works as a nurse, as do, eventually, their two sisters.
The Lovers Disturbed (1949) features "a young man who goes to visit their uncle's widow in the country ... meets the doctor's daughter and they fall in love." The aunt, however, is "bed-ridden and bad-tempered", "a grotesque and repulsive old drunkard", who makes their nurse spy on the lovers. The Tatler recommended it "for its lack of sentimentality, for the skill with which the gloom is frequently relieved by subtle humour, and for the sheer perfection of Miss Lake's style," while The Sphere said "it is the development of the four characters ... which will hold the reader and reveal the writer's quite exceptional talent and quality."
Pearn drew on their time as a student at a Catholic boarding school in London, run by nuns from the Convent of Notre Dame de Namur, in writing The First Rebellion. The hero, Peggy, was "a robust young person", who "falls foul of a nun and goes back to school one term to find that their enemy has been appointed principal." Reviewers compared this novel to Antonia White's Frost in May, with one saying "this new book is certainly in the same class."
During the 1950s, Pearn and their husband spent a year in Thailand, which provided the inspiration for their final novel, Siamese Counterpart. The main characters are Dick, a British doctor working for the Thai government; Audrey, who is in love with Dick and has flown from England to join him; Rosukon, a Thai princess and doctor who is the "counterpart" appointed to work with Dick as a condition of their employment; and Ted, a British botanist who fell in love with Audrey at a party in Bangkok. Reviewers commented on the "magical loveliness of the country" evoked by the author, their sense of humour, and their ability to "create for us people we shall not quickly forget"; it is "a novel in which people, silly, imperfect, fascinating human beings, and not an elaborate plot, make the story's motive."
Personal life
A contemporary of theirs at Notre Dame School in Southwark, run by a Belgian order of nuns, provides an insight into Pearn's personal allure, as well as the extent of the achievement for a girl of their background to win a scholarship to Oxford at that time: "As well as their beauty, regal manner and reputedly formidable intellect, they had the most wonderful voice […] They sang ‘Ave Maria' with such clear bell-like notes in the school hall at the end of term […] Then to crown everything we heard that they had won a scholarship to Oxford University. Oxford! The word itself was magic. University was far enough beyond our reach. I had not heard of a single soul, other than our teachers, who had gone to one."
While at Oxford, Pearn had several affairs, with, among others, A.J. Ayer and Philip Toynbee. They also met poet Stephen Spender in Oxford and married them in December 1936 after a three-week engagement. In 1938 they met the poet and sociologist Charles Madge, who was married at that time to the poet Kathleen Raine. They left Spender the following year and married Madge in 1942, after their respective divorces. They had two children: a daughter and a son. On Madge's retirement in 1970 they moved to France, restoring an old farm house, where they spent the next five years. Pearn developed cancer in 1975 and died in February 1976, shortly after their 62nd birthday.
Early in 1938 Pearn was captured in a portrait by William Coldstream, a process that involved some 40 sittings. The painting is now held in the archives at the Tate Britain. There is also a series of studies of them by the Bauhaus photographer Lucia Moholy, two of which are held at the National Portrait Gallery in London.
Novels
(Pilot Press, 1945) — Republished with an afterword by their daughter, Vicky Randall, by The Clapton Press, 2019,
(Pilot Press, 1946) — Republished by The Clapton Press, 2019,
The Lovers Disturbed (Cresset Press, 1949)
The First Rebellion (Cresset Press, 1951)
Siamese Counterpart (Cresset Press, 1958)
References
External links
Letters from and to Inez Pearn are held in the following collections:
Charles Madge Archive, University of Sussex Special Collections
Stephen Spender Collection, Watkinson Library, Trinity College
Stephen Spender archive, Bodleian Library, University of Oxford
1913 births
1976 deaths
20th-century British women writers
British people of Cornish descent
British people of Irish descent
British women novelists
20th-century British novelists
Alumni of Somerville College, Oxford
Anders Nyholm-Pedersen (born 30 March 1982) is a Danish former sailor, who specialized in the Laser class. They bagged a silver medal in the Laser Radial class at the 2000 ISAF Youth World Championships in Çeşme, Turkey and later represented their native country Denmark in two editions of the Olympic Games (2004 and 2008).
Nyholm made their Olympic debut, as a 22-year-old, in Athens 2004, sailing in the Laser class. There, they accumulated a net grade of 203 points to end the eleven-race series with a twenty-second overall, a placement higher than Chile's Matias del Solar with respect to the opening leg.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Nyholm qualified for their second Danish team in the Laser class. Building up their Olympic selection, they finished twenty-third out of 51 sailors advancing to the golden fleet to secure one of the twenty-nine quota places offered at the 2007 ISAF Worlds in Cascais, Portugal. Nyholm could not improve their feat from the previous Games with mediocre marks recorded after ten races, sitting them steadily in the twenty-third spot with 164 net points.
References
External links
NBC Olympics Profile
1982 births
Living people
Danish male sailors (sport)
Olympic sailors of Denmark
Sailors at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Laser
Sailors at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Laser
People from Roskilde
Sportspeople from Region Zealand
Marshall Islands competed at the 2019 World Athletics Championships in Doha, Qatar from 27 September to 6 October 2019.
Results
Men
Track and road events
References
Marshall Islands
World Championships in Athletics
2019
Dr Sita Naik is a medical professional and educator, Immunologist who retired as the Professor and Head of the Department of Clinical Immunology at Sanjay Gandhi Postgraduate Institute of Medical Sciences. They were formerly a member of the Governing Body of the Medical Council of India and continues to write on the medical education policy of India.
References
Indian immunologists
The following musical events and releases are expected to happen in 2019 in Canada.
Events
March – Juno Awards of 2019
April – East Coast Music Awards
May – Prism Prize
June – Preliminary longlist for the 2019 Polaris Music Prize is announced
July – SOCAN Songwriting Prize
July – Shortlist for the Polaris Music Prize is announced
September – Haviah Mighty wins the Polaris Music Prize for their album 13th Floor
Albums released
A
Absolutely Free, Geneva Freeport
Anemone, Beat My Distance - February 15
B
Badge Époque Ensemble, Badge Époque Ensemble
Tim Baker, Forever Overhead - April 19
Bedouin Soundclash, MASS - October 4
Begonia, Fear
Bleu Jeans Bleu, Perfecto
Dean Brody, Black Sheep - April 26
Chad Brownlee, Back in the Game - June 21
Broken Social Scene, Let's Try the After Vol. 1 - February 15
Broken Social Scene, Let's Try the After Vol. 2 - April 12
Jon Bryant, Cult Classic - May 17
Louise Burns, Portraits - November 8
Burnstick, Kîyânaw
Spencer Burton, The Mountain Man
C
Daniel Caesar, Case Study 01 - June 28
Alessia Cara, This Summer - September 6
Celeigh Cardinal, Stories from a Downtown Apartment
Lou-Adriane Cassidy, C'est la fin du monde à tous les jours
Tanika Charles, The Gumption - May 10
Clairmont the Second, Do You Drive? - January 31
City and Colour, A Pill for Loneliness - October 4
Bruce Cockburn, Crowing Ignites - September 20
Leonard Cohen, Thanks for the Dance - November 22
Charlotte Cornfield, The Shape of Your Name
Corridor, Junior
Les Cowboys Fringants, Les Antipodes
Amelia Curran, Live at Massey Hall
Isabelle Cyr, Brûle sur mes lèvres
D
Mac DeMarco, Here Comes the Cowboy - May 10
Devours, Iconoclast
Le Diable à Cinq, Debout!
Digawolf, Yellowstone
Céline Dion, Courage - November 15
Julie Doiron with Mount Eerie, Lost Wisdom pt. 2 - November 8
Drake, Care Package - August 2
Durham County Poets, Hand Me Down Blues
E
Efajemue, Motions and Methods
André Ethier, Croak in the Weeds
F
Lara Fabian, Papillon
Stephen Fearing, The Unconquerable Past
FET.NAT, Le Mal
Dominique Fils-Aimé, Stay Tuned!
Flore Laurentienne, Volume 1
FouKi, ZayZay
The Franklin Electric, In Your Head EP - August 2
G
Hannah Georgas, Imprints
Leela Gilday, North Star Calling
The Glorious Sons, A War on Everything - September 13
The Golden Seals, Something Isn't Happening
Aaron Goodvin, V
Jenn Grant, Love, Inevitable - May 31
Great Lake Swimmers, The Waves, the Wake (Acoustic) - November 8
H
Half Moon Run, A Blemish in the Great Light – November 1
Haviah Mighty, 13th Floor
Joshua Haulli, Aqqut
Headstones, PeopleSkills – October 25
Hey Major, The Station
Hollerado, Retaliation Vacation
Hunter Brothers, State of Mind – January 25
Nate Husser, 23+
Andrew Hyatt, Abel
I
Iamtheliving, In This Thing Called Life
Ice Cream, Fed Up
iskwē, acākosīk - November 8, 2019
J
James Barker Band, Singles Only - May 24
Yves Jarvis, The Same but by Different Means
Carly Rae Jepsen, Dedicated - May 17
Lyndon John X, The Warning Track
Julian Taylor Band, Avalanche - March 29
Just John x Dom Dias, Don III (April); PROJECT (November)
K
Kanen, Kanen
Kaytranada, Bubba - December 13
Kid Koala, Music To Draw To: Io - January 25
Patrick Krief, Dovetale - June 7
L
Laurence-Anne, Première apparition
Avril Lavigne, Head Above Water - February 15
Lee Harvey Osmond, Mohawk
Jean Leloup, L'Étrange pays - May 24
Murray Lightburn, Hear Me Out - February 22
Lightning Dust, Spectre
Loud, Tout ça pour ça - May 24
The Lowest of the Low, Agitpop - May 31
M
Ryan MacGrath, That Woods
Maestro Fresh Wes, Champagne Campaign - March 8
Alexandria Maillot, Benevolence - November 22
Manila Grey, No Saints Loading
Mappe Of, The Isle of Ailynn - November 1
Marianas Trench, Phantoms - March 1
Memphis, Leave With Me - February 8
Monsune, Tradition
Mounties, Heavy Meta - April 26
N
nêhiyawak, nipiy
The New Pornographers, In the Morse Code of Brake Lights - September 27
Safia Nolin, xX3m0 $0ng$ 2 $!nG @L0nG 2Xx
O
OBUXUM, Re-Birth
Ocie Elliott, We Fall In
Okan, Sombras
Ouri, We Share Our Blood
P
Partner, Saturday the 14th
Orville Peck, Pony
Philémon Cimon, Pays
PUP, Morbid Stuff - April 5
Pvrx, 3.14 - July 26
R
Billy Raffoul, Running Wild
The Reklaws, Freshman Year - August 27
Riit, Ataataga - October 25
John River, The Academy - January 25
Royal Canoe, Waver
Reuben and the Dark, un love - October 25
Rheostatics, Here Come the Wolves - September 6
Ruth B, Maybe I'll Find You Again - March 22
Justin Rutledge, Passages - May 31
S
Said the Whale, Cascadia
Saint Asonia, Flawed Design
Sarahmée, Irréversible
Jacques Kuba Séguin, Migrations
Joseph Shabason, Anne EP - May 10
Shay Lia, Dangerous
Silverstein, Redux: The First Ten Years - April 12
Siskiyou, Not Somewhere - May 17
Dallas Smith, The Fall - March 13
Snotty Nose Rez Kids, Trapline
SonReal, The Aaron LP - May 10
Rae Spoon, Mental Health
The Strumbellas, Rattlesnake - March 29
Sum 41, Order in Decline - July 19
Super Duty Tough Work, Studies in Grey
T
Tariq, Telegrams - March 29
Tegan and Sara, Hey, I'm Just Like You - September 27
Devin Townsend, Empath
Tobi, STILL - May 3
Tre Mission, Orphan Black - July 26
V
Vile Creature, Preservation Rituals (2015-2018)
Leif Vollebekk, New Ways - November 1
W
Ruby Waters, Almost Naked
Dawn Tyler Watson, Mad Love
Patrick Watson, Wave - October 18
We Are the City, RIP
Whitehorse, The Northern South, Vol. 2 - January 18
WHOOP-Szo, Warrior Down
JJ Wilde, Wilde Eyes, Steady Hands
Wintersleep, In the Land Of - March 29
Donovan Woods, The Other Way
Hawksley Workman, Median Age Wasteland - March 1
Deaths
January 16 - Jean Chatillon, composer
January 16 - Alfred Kunz, composer
February 9 - Phil Western, electronic/industrial musician
February 23 - Johnnie Lovesin, rock singer
February 28 - Ed Bickert, jazz guitarist
March 6 - Charlie Panigoniak, singer-songwriter
March 22 - Joe Hall, singer-songwriter
April 1 - Vladimir Orloff, cellist
April 20 - David Zafer, violinist
May 20 - Dave Bookman, musician (The Bookmen) and radio personality (CFNY-FM, CIND-FM)
June 16 - Adam Litovitz, rock musician and film composer
November 20 - John Mann, singer and guitarist (Spirit of the West)
December 5 - Leon Cole, organist, composer and classical music radio host
December 15 - Monique Leyrac, singer
December 24 - Kelly Fraser, singer
References
On May 7, 1912 Herman McInnes resigned from Edmonton City Council. One week later, on May 14, Charles Gowan did the same. On June 7, a by-election was held to replace both aldermen. The first place candidate would replace Gowan, who had been elected to a two-year term in February, while the second place candidate would replace McInnis, who had been elected to a one-year term. In addition, eight bylaws were put to the electorate on the same ballot.
Results
Bold indicates elected.
Aldermanic Race
Alexander Livingstone - 700
James Macfie MacDonald - 585
J E Theriault - 577
D B Campbell - 259
E H Cotterell - 208
J J Denman - 181
Bylaws
Bylaw 371
To provide by issue of debentures $210,240.00 for improving and further extending Municipal Power House and Plant.
For: 877
Against: 105
Bylaw 376
To provide by issue of debentures $200,020.00 to pay City share of paving certain streets.
For: 376
Against: 45
Bylaw 427
To provide for the raising by the issue of debentures the sum of $50,126.67 for the purchasing of a site whereon to erect car barns in connection with the municipal street railway of the City of Edmonton.
For: 920
Against: 107
Bylaw 428
To raise by the issue of debentures the sum on $25,100.00 for the purchase of bridging two certain ravines of Forty-second Street or Carleton Street
For: 701
Against: 330
Bylaw 429
To authorize the establishment of a gas plant for the manufacture, distribution and supply of gas and to provide by the issue of debentures of the sum of $770,880.00 for such purposes.
For: 197
Against: 836
Bylaw 430
To provide by the issue of debentures the sum of $21,900.00 for the purchase of a telephone sub-station.
For: 850
Against: 119
Bylaw 431
To provide for the raising by the issue of debentures the sum of $150,380.00 for acquiring certain lands to extend the Park and Driveway System of the City of Edmonton.
For: 774
Against: 241
Bylaw 435
To provide by the issue of debentures the sum of $66,000.00 to purchase certain lands for warehouse and storage yards south of the Saskatchewan River.
For: 772
Against: 212
References
City of Edmonton: Edmonton Elections
1912-05
1912 elections in Canada
1912 in Alberta
The Independents are a 2018 American musical comedy-drama film written and directed by Greg Naughton, who stars alongside Rich Price and Brian Chartrand. The film is loosely based on the formation of the trio's real-life band, The Sweet Remains. It premiered at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival in February 2018, and was released three years later on February 26, 2021.
Premise
Three down-on-their luck musicians form a group and begin touring for a one last shot at fame.
Cast
Rich Price as Rich
Greg Naughton as Greg
Brian Chartrand as Brian
Boyd Gaines as Professor Green
Kelli O'Hara as Kelly
James Naughton as Officer Sanders
Richard Kind as Granny
Release
The film premiered at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival on February 6, 2018. It also screened at the DeadCENTER Film Festival on June 7, 2018, and the Mill Valley Film Festival on October 5, 2018. It was released digitally on February 26, 2021, by Giant Pictures.
Reception
Review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reports that of critics gave the film a positive review, with an average rating of .
Stephen Farber of The Hollywood Reporter gave the film a positive review and wrote, "The songs are smoothly integrated into the story, but the film's main virtue is the warmth it shows toward the three main characters and their sometimes desperate dreams."
References
External links
2018 films
2018 comedy-drama films
2010s musical comedy-drama films
American musical comedy-drama films
Films about musical groups
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Vice Admiral Timothy William Barrett, (born 8 January 1959) is a retired senior officer in the Royal Australian Navy. Barrett served as Commander Australian Fleet from 2011 to 2014, before being appointed Chief of Navy in June 2014. They retired in July 2018 after four years as navy chief and 42 years in the navy.
Early life
Barrett was born in the Cornwall parish of Helston, England, on 8 January 1959. They emigrated to Australia, aged 11, in 1970.
Military career
Barrett received a Bachelor of Arts in history and politics as well as a Master of Defence Studies from the University of New South Wales.
Barrett has served as both aircrew with the Fleet Air Arm and as a seaman officer on a number of ships, including as flight commander aboard , and .
Barrett assumed command of Border Protection Command on 9 February 2010, succeeding Rear Admiral Allan du Toit.
On 4 April 2014, Barrett's promotion to vice admiral and selection to succeed Ray Griggs as Chief of Navy (CN) was announced, to take place mid-year. They were subsequently advanced in rank during a ceremony presided by General David Hurley on 24 June, and assumed command as CN six days later. Barrett retired from the navy in July 2018, and was succeeded as CN by Vice Admiral Michael Noonan.
Honours and awards
References
|-
|-
1959 births
Military personnel from Cornwall
Commanders Australian Fleet
Australian people of Cornish descent
British emigrants to Australia
Living people
Officers of the Order of Australia
People from Heston
Recipients of the Conspicuous Service Cross (Australia)
Chiefs of Navy (Australia)
University of New South Wales alumni
Recipients of the Legion of Honour
New Party () is a former Greek conservative political party founded in 1947 by Spyros Markezinis. The party was formed after Spyros Markezinis broke away from the People's Party. 18 MPs joined the newformed party, mainly from the People's Party.
In the 1950 Greek legislative election the party elected only one MP, Andreas Stratos. Consequently, in August 1951 the party merged into Greek Rally of Marshal Alexandros Papagos.
Conservative parties in Greece
Eastern Orthodox political parties
Political parties established in 1947
1947 establishments in Greece
Lightning Bolt is an American-built streamliner motorcycle that held the motorcycle land-speed record from 1978, when Don Vesco rode it to , until 1990. It was also the fastest vehicle participating in the 1978 Bonneville Speed Week with a one-way run. It was powered by twin turbocharged inline-4 engines sourced from a Kawasaki Kz1000, with a combined displacement of 2,032 cc. The near-stock engines were linked at both ends of their cranks by two Gilmer belts and utilized the rear engine's gearbox.
Lightning Bolt was apparently succeeded by another streamliner based on two turbocharged six-cylinder Kawasaki motors (probably from the early-1980s Kawasaki Z1300) that did not set records. Vesco turned their attention to automobile land speed racing in the 1990s with a six-wheel car called "Skytracker" that Vesco described as a "cross between a car and a motorcycle", then their final vehicle, the land speed record-setting #111 Turbinator.
Notes
References
See also
Motorcycle land-speed record
External links
Motorcycles of the United States
Land speed record motorcycles
Foot forwards motorcycles
Streamliner motorcycles
Motorcycles designed by Don Vesco
The 3rd Yerevan Golden Apricot International Film Festival was a film festival held in Yerevan, Armenia from 10–15 July 2006. The annual festival presented about 120 films from 43 countries. Participants included some of the most highly acclaimed figures of world cinema - such as Marco Bellocchio, Tonino Guerra, Mohsen Makhmalbaf, Godfrey Reggio and Artavazd Peleshyan, who were honored with Lifetime Achievement Awards. More than 110 foreign guests attended the festival, which included filmmakers, actors, producers and distributors. The festival was covered by a number of international media, including Euronews and Arte. The international juries, headed by Moritz de Hadeln (Feature Competition), Godfrey Reggio (Documentary Competition) and Arsinee Khanjian (Armenian Panorama), awarded the following prizes: Golden Apricot 2006 for the Best Feature Film to Hou Hsiao-hsien for their film Three Times, (Taiwan/China/France); Golden Apricot 2006 for the Best Documentary Film to Workingman's Death by Michael Glawogger, (Austria); and Golden Apricot 2006 for the Best Film in "Armenian Panorama" to The Dwellers of Forgotten Islands by Hrant Hakobyan, (Armenia).
About the Golden Apricot Yerevan International Film Festival
The Golden Apricot Yerevan International Film Festival (GAIFF) () is an annual film festival held in Yerevan, Armenia. The festival was founded in 2004 with the co-operation of the “Golden Apricot” Fund for Cinema Development, the Armenian Association of Film Critics and Cinema Journalists. The GAIFF is continually supported by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the RA, the Ministry of Culture of the RA and the Benevolent Fund for Cultural Development.The objectives of the festival are "to present new works by the film directors and producers in Armenia and foreign cinematographers of Armenian descent and to promote creativity and originality in the area of cinema and video art".
Awards GAIFF 2006
See also
Golden Apricot Yerevan International Film Festival
Atom Egoyan
Serge Avedikian
Andreas Dresen
Artavazd Peleshyan
Mohsen Makhmalbaf
Godfrey Reggio
Cinema of Armenia
2006 in film
References
Yerevan International Film Festival
21st century in Yerevan
2006 in Armenia
2006 film festivals
2006 festivals in Asia
2006 festivals in Europe
Ivan Vladimirovich Provorov (; born 13 January 1997) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman and alternate captain for the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League (NHL).
Provorov was born in Yaroslavl, Russia, and played with the Yaroslavl Lokomotiv youth hockey team before moving to Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania at the age of 13 to play with the junior Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Knights. After two years with the Knights and one with the Cedar Rapids RoughRiders of the United States Hockey League, the Brandon Wheat Kings of the Western Hockey League selected Provorov 30th overall in the 2014 CHL Import Draft. In 2016, the WHL awarded Provorov the Bill Hunter Memorial Trophy, given annually to the best defenceman in the league. Internationally, Provorov has represented Russia at the IIHF World U18 Championship, the IIHF World U20 Championship, and the Ice Hockey World Championships.
The Flyers selected Provorov seventh overall in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft, and they signed an entry-level contract with the team that year. Provorov did not miss a game with the Flyers between 2016 and 2022, and holds the franchise's second-longest iron man streak for most consecutive games played, behind only Rod Brind'Amour.  They are a three-time recipient of the Barry Ashbee Trophy for the best Flyers defenceman, and is the youngest recipient in franchise history.
Early life
Provorov was born in Yaroslavl, Russia on 13 January 1997, the oldest of three children born to Venera and Vladimir Provorov. They learned to ice skate at the age of five, and grew up playing ice hockey with future Penn State skater Nikita Pavlychev, who said that Provorov "was definitely always standing out among the other kids even when we were growing up". After spending time with the Yaroslavl Lokomotiv youth hockey team, Provorov made the decision to move to North America, with the eventual goal of joining the National Hockey League (NHL).
Provorov moved to Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania in 2011, at the age of 13, to play for the junior Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Knights. They lived with a billet family, and learned English by attending private school and watching English-language films and television, such as Gladiator. Knights assistant coach Alex Vasko, who recruited Provorov, acted as the player's translator when they first arrived in the US. In their first season with the Knights, Provorov recorded 61 points in 27 games, and was part of the Tier I 14U national championship team that also included Pavlychev and Daniel Sprong. The next season, they were moved up to the Knights' midget hockey team, where they recorded 97 points in 51 games.
Playing career
Amateur
Provorov was drafted at the age of 16 by the Cedar Rapids RoughRiders of the United States Hockey League (USHL) in the first round, fifth overall, of the 2013 USHL futures draft. They played 56 games with the RoughRiders in the 2013-14 season, scoring six goals and 13 assists. After their rookie season with the RoughRiders, Provorov was selected in two separate amateur drafts. The Brandon Wheat Kings of the Western Hockey League (WHL)a subdivision of the Canadian Hockey League (CHL)in the 2014 CHL Import Draft, while Yaroslavl Lokomotiv selected them 120th overall in the 2014 KHL Junior Draft. Originally, Provorov intended to spend two years with Cedar Rapids before playing college hockey for Penn State or Michigan, but they decided to sign with the Wheat Kings after a conversation with general manager and coach Kelly McCrimmon.
In January 2015, Provorov was invited to the CHL Top Prospects Game, where they played for Team Orr alongside future Philadelphia Flyer Travis Konecny. They ranked first among WHL rookies in scoring during the 2014–15 season, with 15 goals and 61 points in 60 games, and was a finalist for the CHL Top Draft Prospect Award. The following season, in 2015–16 Provorov was reassigned to the Wheat Kings, who won the Ed Chynoweth Cup but failed to win a single game in the 2016 Memorial Cup. They finished the 2015–16 season with 21 goals and 73 points in 62 games, and was named both the WHL Defenceman of the Year and the CHL Defenceman of the Year.
Professional
Going into the 2015 NHL Entry Draft, the NHL Central Scouting Bureau ranked Provorov seventh among all draft prospects. They were the second-highest rated defenceman, after Noah Hanifin. The Philadelphia Flyers selected Provorov seventh overall in the draft, and signed them to an entry-level contract shortly afterwards.
After a strong showing at training camp, Provorov was named to the Flyers' 2016–17 roster on 10 October 2016, where they were paired with veteran defenceman Mark Streit. They made their NHL debut on 14 October 2016, scoring their first point with an assist in the season opener against the Los Angeles Kings. They scored their first NHL goal the next month, in the second period of a 4–2 loss against the Tampa Bay Lightning on 23 November. Provorov finished their rookie season with 30 points (six goals and 24 assists) in 82 games with the Flyers. In April 2017, Provorov was awarded the Barry Ashbee Trophy, given to the Flyers' best defenceman. They were the third rookie to win the trophy, following Norm Barnes in 1980 and Shayne Gostisbehere in 2016, and was the youngest winner in Flyers history.
Provorov began the 2017–18 season paired with Andrew MacDonald, but after the latter was placed on the injured reserve list with a lower body injury, Provorov was partnered with Robert Hägg and Shayne Gostisbehere. They improved upon their scoring from the previous year, recording 41 points (17 goals) in 82 games. That year, the Flyers made an appearance in the Stanley Cup playoffs, where they were eliminated in the first round by the Pittsburgh Penguins. Provorov revealed after the playoff series that they had suffered a separated shoulder prior to Game 6, and had been given painkillers so that they could play in the game. The injury would not require surgery, but required eight weeks to heal.
Provorov struggled at the start of the 2018–19 season, leading to speculation that they had not fully recovered from their shoulder injury. In December, Travis Sanheim replaced Gostisbehere as Provorov's partner, a decision which seemed to improve their performance. They had the highest time on ice of any Flyer that season, averaging over 25 minutes of play per game, and playing a total of 2,059 minutes. The Flyers' defence disappointed both offensively and defensively in the 2018–19 season: as a collective, the team allowed 280 goals against them, while no individual defenceman scored 10 or more goals. Most of the blame was placed on Provorov and Gostisbehere, the former of whom netted only seven goals and 26 points across the 82-game season.
On 12 September 2019, the Flyers re-signed Provorov to a six-year, $40.5 million contract extension. They entered the 2019–20 season on the top defensive pair with Matt Niskanen. When the NHL season was suspended on 12 March due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Provorov had amassed 13 goals and 36 points in all 69 regular-season games. They continued practicing during the pause, skating at a private rink in Wilkes-Barre. When the NHL resumed for the 2020 Stanley Cup playoffs in Toronto, Provorov was one of 31 Flyers selected for the bubble. They scored the winning goal in the second overtime of Game 6 of the Eastern Conference semifinals, forcing a Game 7 against the New York Islanders. Provorov was again selected for the Barry Ashbee Trophy in 2020.
On 12 January 2021, the Flyers announced that Provorov would be designated alternate captain for all home games during the 2020–21 season. Niskanen's sudden offseason retirement left Provorov without a defensive partner, and coach Alain Vigneault altered the defensive pairings throughout the season in the hopes of finding a suitable top line. On 18 February 2021, Provorov surpassed Claude Giroux's 328-game iron man streak when the latter missed a game due to COVID-19 protocols. Provorov's still-ongoing streak is now the second-longest in Flyers history, behind Rod Brind'Amour's 484 consecutive starts from 1993–1999. The next week, on 24 February, Provorov set the NHL record of 331 consecutive games played by a defenseman from the start of a career for the same team, passing former Ranger Dan Girardi's record of 330. At the conclusion of the 2020–21 season, Provorov was awarded the Barry Ashbee Trophy for the third time in five seasons. They led the Flyers' defencemen with 26 points in all 55 games of the pandemic-shortened year.
After playing in 403 consecutive NHL games from the start of their career, Provorov was placed in enhanced COVID-19 protocols on 4 January 2022, forcing them to miss that night's game against the Anaheim Ducks and ending their iron man streak short of Brind'Amour's record. Following the 2021–22 season, Provorov was critical of the Philadelphia media when asked about their performance during a disappointing season.
Player profile
Scouting reports on Provorov have highlighted their skating ability and control. TSN Hockey declared them an "[e]xcellent, all-around defenseman with good upside", and praised their "excellent skating ability and a penchant for displaying tremendous mobility on the ice". Cory Pronman of ESPN said that they were "a smooth, quiet player who can flash high-end offensive moments too". Tony MacDonald, head of amateur scouting for the Carolina Hurricanes, praised Provorov's "great feel for the game, a great sense and a great understanding of how to play both with and without the puck".
Provorov is also known for their iron man streak. They currently hold the record for most consecutive games played for the same team from the start of a career, and is second to Rod Brind'Amour for longest consecutive game streak in Flyers history. From their debut, Provorov did not miss an NHL game until January 4, 2022, when they entered COVID-19 protocols several hours prior to a game against the Anaheim Ducks. Prior to that date, they had not missed a game of hockey since the age of 10, when they contracted chickenpox and stayed home so as not to infect their teammates. Provorov maintains a training regimen into the summer to maintain their conditioning, and credits their streak to their desire to play, telling The Philadelphia Inquirer, "I take pride in being out there every game and trying to help the team any way possible".
International play
Provorov made their first international hockey appearance at the 2014 IIHF World U18 Championships, playing for Russia. They next appeared playing for the Russian junior team at the 2015 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships (WJC), scoring an assist in the first game of the preliminary round against Denmark. Russia came away from the tournament with a silver medal, falling to Canada in the finals.
Provorov returned to the Russian team at the 2016 WJC. Their goal in the final minutes of the gold medal game against Finland tied the game 3-3 and forced the match into overtime. Finland scored shortly into the sudden death round, however, and Russia came away with a silver medal once more. Provorov next appeared at the IIHF World Championship the following year, one of ten Flyers appearing at the tournament. Russia earned their fourth consecutive World Championship medal, taking the bronze against Finland.
Due to sanctions imposed on the Russian Athletics Federation following a high-profile doping scandal, Provorov and other Russian hockey players competed at the 2021 IIHF World Championship as the Russian Olympic Committee (ROC). Provorov's first point in the tournament came from an assist in the final moments of the Group A opener against the Czech Republic. They picked up another assist in the same round against Switzerland, helping clinch a playoff berth for the ROC. The Russian team eventually fell to Canada in a quarterfinal overtime match, finishing fifth overall.
Personal life
Provorov's pet Golden Retriever, "Drake the Pup Star", has a dedicated social media presence, with more than 800,000 followers on Instagram and TikTok.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honors
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Brandon Wheat Kings players
Cedar Rapids RoughRiders players
Ice hockey players from Pennsylvania
National Hockey League first round draft picks
Philadelphia Flyers draft picks
Philadelphia Flyers players
Russian expatriate ice hockey people
Russian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Russian ice hockey defencemen
Sportspeople from Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania
Sportspeople from Yaroslavl
The 2016 NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour was the thirty-second season of the Whelen Modified Tour (WMT). It began with the Icebreaker 150 at Thompson Speedway Motorsports Park on April 10 and concluded with the Sunoco World Series 150 at the same venue on October 16. Doug Coby entered the season as the defending Drivers' Champion and they won the championship for the fourth time, twelve points in front of Justin Bonsignore.
Melissa Fifield, the only female driver to compete in the series in 2016, was voted by the fans as the most popular driver for the third consecutive year.
Drivers
Notes
Schedule
The Whelen All-Star Shootout did not count towards the championship. Nine of the eighteen races in the 2016 season were televised on NBCSN and were on a tape delay basis. The Icebreaker 150 was shown live on FansChoice.tv.
Notes
Results and standings
Races
Notes
1 – There was no qualifying session for the All-Star Shootout. The starting grid was decided with a random draw.
2 – The qualifying session for the F. W. Webb 100 was cancelled due to heavy rain. The starting line-up was decided by Practice results.
Drivers' championship
(key) Bold – Pole position awarded by time. Italics – Pole position set by final practice results or 2015 Owner's points. * – Most laps led.
Notes
‡ – Non-championship round.
1 – Kyle Ellwood qualified in the No. 6 for Ryan Preece.
2 – Johnny Bush and Melissa Fifield received championship points, despite the fact that they did not qualify for the race.
3 – Scored points towards the Whelen Southern Modified Tour.
4 – Jon McKennedy qualified in the No. 6 for Ryan Preece.
See also
2016 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series
2016 NASCAR Xfinity Series
2016 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series
2016 NASCAR K&N Pro Series East
2016 NASCAR K&N Pro Series West
2016 NASCAR Whelen Southern Modified Tour
2016 NASCAR Pinty's Series
2016 NASCAR Whelen Euro Series
References
Ye Banished Privateers are a pirate band from Umeå, Sweden.
Their songs are inspired by traditional Irish and Scandinavian folk music and their lyrics are mostly based on events that happened in the 17th and 18th century. During their shows they portray a crew of pirates, wearing historical clothes and acting while playing, making the show itself a mix of music and theatre.
Biography
The band was started in 2008 by Björn Malmros and Peter Mollwing, who gathered several other musicians with the idea of playing pirate folk music.
Today, the band amounts to nearly 30 members.
Their first self-produced album, Songs and Curses, was released on 19 September 2012 for the International Talk Like a Pirate Day.
After playing several shows in their home country, they started touring Germany in 2014.
In the same year, on 12 September, they released The Legend of Libertalia their second studio album, on Totentanz Records.
In 2015 and 2016 they toured mainly in Sweden, Germany and the Netherlands.
They announced their third album in 2016, but the release was delayed until 30 June 2017. First Night Back in Port finally came out when they signed a deal with Napalm Records.
In 2020 Ye Banished Privateers released their fourth album Hostis Humani Generis. The name of the album, Latin for "enemy of humankind" is a term that was often used to describe maritime pirates; outsiders of society and a threat to the status quo. Due to the coronavirus pandemic, the band was not able to release the album as planned and live-streamed a concert instead, an online event to which 12000 fans participated.
Discography
Albums
2012 – Songs and Curses
2014 - The Legend of Libertalia (Totentanz Records)
2017 - First Night Back in Port (Napalm Records)
2020 - Hostis Humani Generis (Napalm Records)
2021 - A Pirate Stole my Christmas (Napalm Records)
Samplers
2013 – The Swashbuckling Sound of Pirates – Der Grosse Piraten Entertainment Markt – 20 pieces of Scurvy Seasongs (Totentanz Records)
2014 - Best of MPS 2014 (Totentanz Records)
Band members
Anders "Nobility" Nyberg - cembalo, celesta, pump organ and miniature piano
Anton "Taljenblock" Teljebäck - viola pomposa, pump organ, brass trash, stone and muddy lawn
Björn "Bellows" Malmros – accordion, harmonica, ocean drum, dholak, djembe, pottery and tabla
Emil "Emilio du Monde" Nilsson-Mäki - lead vocals, duki tarang, guitar, double bass
Eva "Eva the Navigator" Maaherra Lövheim - fiddle, octapad
Frida “Freebird” Granström - fiddle, brass, trumpet and octapad
Hampus "Monkey Boy" Holm - German style bass drum and octapad
Hampus "Bojtikken" Larsson - cajón, percussion, octapad, bouzouki and guitar
Ina Molin - cajón and dholak
Linnéa Enberg - percussion and octapad
Jens "Wan Chou Zhong" Tzan Choong - banjo, guitalele and sitar
Jim "Silent Jim" Sundström - mandolino and electrobass
Joel "Slagter-Lars" Löfwenius - guitar and synth bass
Jonas "Hog Eye McGinn" Nilsson - 5-string banjo and madal
Kristian "Good Christian" Persson Hodén - squeeze box
Lisa "Bloody Liz" Carlsson - cajón and percussion
Louise "Happy Lou" Gillman - fiddle and dance
Magda "Magda Malvina Märlprim" Andersson - synthesizer and bouzouki
Magnus "Val du Monde" Nilsson-Mäki - techno synthesizer, guitar, double bass
Martin "Scurvy Ben" Gavelin - sawbone, cajón, morsing, Wah-wah pedal, crash, cripple and roll
Mattias "Sickboy McCoy" Johansson - washboard, tambourines and scraps of metal
Melker Häggbom "Father Silver" Klingberg - u-bass, double bass
Niklas "Meat stick Nick" Boman - double bass and bass trombone
Peter "Quartermaster Blackpowder Pete" Mollwing - questionable vocals
Richard "Old Red" Larsson - u-bass, double bass, bouzouki and 12-string guitar
Sara "Landmark" Lundmark - percussion and marching drum
Sara "Major John" Wallin - recorder, shouts and ocean drum
Stina Hake - recorder, dholak, whistles and cello
William "Shameless Will" Hallin - lead chants and shouts
References
External links
Ye Banished Privateers official website
Official Facebook page
Youtube channel
Swedish folk music groups
Irish folk music
Neofolk music groups
Seher Latif (died 7 June 2021) or Seher Aly Latif was an Indian producer and casting director, who worked on a number of domestic and international film projects based in India. I credits as a casting director including award-winning films such as The Lunchbox, Shakuntala Devi, and the Indian casting for Zero Dark Thirty, Eat Pray Love, and The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, as well as television shows such as Sense8, and McMafia. They also produced the Indian romantic television series, Bhaag Beanie Bhaag, starring Swara Bhasker. In 2016, Elle Magazine listed them as one of the 'most powerful young Indian women in Bollywood'.
Career
Latif worked primarily as a casting director, often collaborating with international film and television projects to cast Indian actors for scenes filmed in India. Variety described them as " one of the most sought-after casting directors for international projects set in India or with a significant India component." They worked on a number of well-received international projects that were filmed partly in India, including Kathryn Bigelow's Zero Dark Thirty, John Madden'sThe Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, Ryan Murphy's Eat Pray Love, and The Hundred-Foot Journey. In addition to their work in film, they also did casting for a number of television series that were filmed in or relating to India, including Sense8, McMafia, and The Good Karma Hospital. In 2013, along with Mark Bennett and Richard Hicks, they were nominated for an award for Big Budget/Feature Casting for their work on Zero Dark Thirty, by the Casting Society of America.
In India, Latif was the casting director for The Lunchbox, which won several domestic and international awards. More recently, they worked as a producer for Shakuntala Devi, a biographical film about the Indian mathematician Shakuntala Devi, starring Vidya Balan, as well as on Bhaag Beanie Bhaag, an Indian romantic television series for Netflix that starred Swara Bhasker. Bhaag Beanie Bhaag was a production of Mutant Studios, a production studio set up by Latif and Shivani Saran in 2016. They also produced a sports drama, GOLD, starring Akshay Kumar, in 2018. Other recent work included casting on a biopic of mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan, titled The Man Who Knew Infinity and starring Dev Patel, a period film, Viceroy's House, directed by Gurinder Chadha, and a horor-drama, Durgamati, starring Bhumi Pednekar. In 2016, Elle Magazine listed them as one of the 'most powerful young Indian women in Bollywood'.
Filmography
Latif's filmography included credits for casting and production.
Casting
Production
Personal life
Latif died at the age of 39, in Mumbai, on 7 June 2021.
References
Hindi cinema
Indian casting directors
Indian film producers
Indian women film producers
Loreta Anilionytė (born in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian philosopher, writer and translator.  They are an associate Professor of Ethics and Philosophy of the Lithuanian University of Educology and a Ph.D. of Lithuanian Culture Research Institute (formerly of Philosophy, Sociology and Law Institute).
They graduated from Vilnius University, Lithuanian language and literature. In 1991 they received their Ph.D. in history of German philosophy and ethics ("The Problem of Values in Kant and Scheler ethics").
There are many published works including scientific articles and books, a novel, and essays, in their bibliography.
Anilionytė is the author of a highly controversial novel about the relationship between high culture and popular culture O kas po to? (And what then?). The novel is characterized by a mix of eroticism, philosophical ponderings on the human condition and psychological insight, social criticism and cold descriptions of moral failures. The prototype of this novel is a famous Lithuanian pop singer, Edmundas Kučinskas. Anilionytė is outstanding among other Lithuanian writers for their ironic, provocative writing style. They have been awarded some important literature prizes. They received the 2006 Cosmopolitan magazine "Discovery of the Year" award for the novel.
They have translated many works by well-known German philosophers into Lithuanian. They were awarded the Franz Dovydaitis Prize in 2005.
Bibliography
Monograph
Naujųjų amžių etikos profiliai. – Vilnius: VPU leidykla, 2011, 228p.
Novel
O kas po to?, Vilnius, Alma littera, 2006 m., 422 p.
Major articles
"Blogio profiliai etikoje", Logos, No. 25
"A. Schopenhauerio etika: pesimizmas ar gyvenimiškas realizmas?", Logos. No. 27
"Vertybinio absoliutizmo dilemos ir deontologinė etika", Logos, No. 28
"Žmogus – kenčianti būtybė (Keletas kentėjimo problemos recepcijų Vakarų filosofijoje)", Logos. 2000. No. 23
"Antikinis kinizmas – gyvenimo būdas ar filosofija?", Logos, 2001, No. 24
"Vertybių problema I. Kanto etikoje", Problemos, V. 1992. No. 44.
"Fanatizmas// Neprievarta ir tolerancija kintančioje Rytų ir Vakarų Europoje". Pranešimai ir tezės. V. 1995.
"Hegelio etika: dorovė prieš moralę", Logos, No. 38-41
"Laisvės samprata I. Kanto etikoje // MA darbai. Filosofija. V. 1999.
"E. Husserlio fenomenologijos modifikacijos M. Schelerio aksiologijoje". Logos, No. 26
"Minervos pelėdos skrydis" Įžanginis str. G.Hegelio "Teisės filosofijos apmatams" G. F.Hegel. Teisės filosofijos apmatai. V. Mintis. 2000
"Ressentimento samprata M. Schelerio filosofijoje". Logos, Nr. 43//Logos, 2008, No. 51
"Kanto etikos monologinis formalizmas". Logos, No. 46, 2006.
"V. Sezemano gnoseologijos linkmės//Vosylius Sezemanas". Loginiai ir gnoseologiniai tyrinėjimai. V.: Lietuvos kultūros tyrimų institutas, 2011.
Teaching materials
Egoistinė žmogaus prigimtis naujųjų amžių etikoje, Vilnius, 2010. – 68 p.
Etika ir asmenybė Maxo Schelerio vertybiniame absoliutizme, Vilnius, 2010. – 84 p.
References
Lithuanian philosophers
Vilnius University alumni
Lithuanian University of Educational Sciences faculty
Living people
Writers from Kaunas
Lithuanian translators
Lithuanian women
Lithuanian women philosophers
20th-century philosophers
21st-century philosophers
Lithuanian ethicists
20th-century translators
21st-century translators
20th-century Lithuanian people
20th-century Lithuanian women
20th-century Lithuanian writers
21st-century Lithuanian people
21st-century Lithuanian women
21st-century Lithuanian writers
21st-century Lithuanian women writers
20th-century Lithuanian women writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ha Do-kwon (born Kim Yong-goo on March 3, 1977) is a South Korean actor.  They are mainly known for their roles in Hot Stove League and The Penthouse: War in Life.
Education
Ha graduated from Seoul National University in 2004, majoring in vocal music.
Personal life
On an episode of Same Bed, Different Dreams 2 aired on March 24, 2020, Ha revealed that they have been married to Yeo Min-jeong for 16 years.
Filmography
Film
Television series
Web series
Television show
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
Official website (935 Entertainment)
Ha Do-kwon at HanCinema
1977 births
Living people
South Korean male television actors
South Korean male film actors
South Korean male web series actors
Seoul National University alumni
The American Juvenile Electric was a car made by the American Metal Wheel & Auto Co of Toledo, Ohio, in 1907. Its wheelbase was a mere , but it was complete with ‘lights, bells, etc.' and had tillered steering. Its top speed was 10 mph (16 km/h), and it could go 20 miles on a charge. At $800, it cost more than many full-size cars.
References
^ G. Marshall Naul, "American Juvenile Electric", in G.N. Georgano, ed., The Complete Encyclopedia of Motorcars 1885-1968 (New York: E.P. Dutton and Co., 1974), pp. 42.
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of the United States
Toy cars and trucks
Electric vehicles introduced in the 20th century
Motor vehicle manufacturers based in Ohio
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1907
American companies established in 1907
1907 establishments in Ohio
Vehicle manufacturing companies disestablished in 1907
1907 disestablishments in Ohio
An air tasking order (ATO) is a means by which the Joint Forces Air Component Commander (JFACC) controls air forces within a joint operations environment. The ATO is a large document written in United States Message Text Format (USMTF) that lists air sorties for a fixed 24-hour period, with individual call signs, aircraft types, and mission types (e.g. close air support or air refueling). NATO uses a different text format, “.ato”. The ATO is created by an air operations center which has command and control for a particular theater (e.g. Combined Air Operations Center for Southwest Asia). More specifically, the Combat Plans Division of the AOC is responsible for creating the ATO, as well as the associated Airspace Control Order (ACO) and linked detailed information in the Special Instructions (SPINS).
Use of the standardized USMTF allows ATO processing by a variety of legacy computer models, newer software, and even word processors. Since 2004, the ATO has been standardized as an XML schema by NATO Allied Data Publication-3 and US MIL-STD-6040.
The ATO was historically known as the "fragmentary order" or "frag order". Pilots continue to informally refer to it as the "frag"; to be "fragged" to a mission is to be assigned to it, and "as fragged" indicates that an operation will/did occur in accordance with the original ATO, without modifications.
Joint Publication Definition
As defined by Joint Publication 1-02, an air tasking order is:
"A method used to task and disseminate to components, subordinate units, and command and control agencies projected sorties, capabilities and/or forces to targets and specific missions. Normally provides specific instructions to include call signs, targets, controlling agencies, etc., as well as general instructions."
See also
Air Operations Center (also known as an AOC, CAOC, or JAOC)
Joint Forces Air Component Commander (JFACC)
References
External links
Defense Technical Information Center: Joint Publication 3-30: Command and Control for Joint Air Operations
United States Air Force
A regional theater or resident theater in the United States is a professional or semi-professional theater company that produces its own seasons. The term regional theater most often refers to a professional theater outside New York City. A regional theater may be a for-profit or not-for-profit entity and may be unionized or non-union.
Overview
Regional theaters often produce new plays and challenging works that do not necessarily have the commercial appeal required of a Broadway production. Companies often round out their seasons with selections from classic dramas, popular comedies, and musicals. Some regional theaters have a loyal and predictable base of audience members, which can give the company latitude to experiment with a range of unknown or "non-commercial" works. In 2003, Time magazine praised regional theaters in general, and some top theaters in particular, for their enrichment of the theater culture in the United States. Some regional theaters serve as the "out-of-town tryout" for Broadway-bound shows, and some will even accept touring Broadway shows.
The types of plays which are staged at regional theaters vary dramatically. While some are devoted to the classics, others only produce new work, or American work, or something else entirely.
Many regional theaters operate at least two stages: a main stage for shows requiring larger sets or cast, and one or more other stages (often studio theaters or black box theaters) for smaller, more experimental or avant-garde productions. In addition to box-office revenue, regional theaters rely on donations from patrons and businesses, season ticket subscriptions, and grants from foundations and government. Some have criticized regional theaters for being conservative in their selection of shows to accommodate the demographics of their subscribers and donors. However, regional theaters are often much more experimental than commercial theaters are.
Theaters that develop new work, like the Alley Theatre, Long Wharf Theatre, La Jolla Playhouse, McCarter Theatre and Berkeley Repertory Theatre, often work to move their productions to Broadway venues in New York. They may also educate young audiences through educational outreach programs. Cooperative programs with nearby university theater programs are also common at regional theaters. For example, the Asolo Repertory Theatre is a member of LORT and partners with Florida State University in operating the Florida State University/Asolo Conservatory for Actor Training.
The two major organizations that help to maintain the general welfare of resident theater in the United States are the League of Resident Theatres (LORT) and the Theatre Communications Group (TCG). These organizations encourage communication and good relations between their members and in the community, as well as promoting a larger public interest and support of regional theater.
There are currently 74 LORT theaters located in 29 states and the District of Columbia. LORT acts on behalf of its members in matters pertaining, but not limited to; collective bargaining with unions such as Actors' Equity Association, United Scenic Artists, and the Stage Directors and Choreographers Society, representation before government agencies on problems of labor relations, and the handling of disputes between members and their employees or union representatives.
Similar in purpose is the Theatre Communications Group. TCG's mission is to “increase the organizational efficiency of our member theatres, cultivate and celebrate the artistic talent and achievements of the field, and promote a larger public understanding of and appreciation for the theatre.” TCG's constituency has grown to encompass more than 700 members throughout the United States. TCG also publishes the American Theatre Magazine, the ARTSEARCH online employment bulletin, and dramatic literature.
In recognition of the importance of regional theaters in America, the American Theatre Wing gives a Regional Theatre Tony Award to one regional theater each year during the Tony Awards. This recipient is selected based on a recommendation by the American Theatre Critics Association and receives an award grant of $25,000.
The Little Theater Movement
In the second and third decades of the twentieth century, there was a push to get away from the conservative, mainstream ideology of Broadway. The Little Theatre Movement was a precursor of the Regional Theater Movement; it was started by theater artists who were concerned that not enough emphasis was being put on experimentation and social issues through the dramatic arts. The belief that theater should be about artistry and not about commerce drove this movement out of New York City. Almost every major city now has a regional theater. The movement altered the face of the American stage and allowed room for new works and new audiences.
Success and controversy
When the first national organization of nonprofit theaters was formed in 1961, there were only 23 regional theaters in the U.S. By 2003, the number of regional theaters had grown to 1,800.
As non-profits, they rely heavily on donations from patrons, and some theaters have been accused of "pandering to the audience," subordinating their artistic ideals in order to please audiences and receive donations. However, nonprofit theaters are under substantially less pressure than commercial theaters. In major markets like New York and Chicago this issue is much less prevalent, as there are dozens of small semi-professional theaters that produce new and experimental work without needing to sell many tickets, as they do not pay most of their artists.
See also
Community theatre
List of LORT Member Theatres
Regional Theatre Tony Award
Broadway theatre - for the other main category of American theatre
References
External links
Theatre Communications Group
League of Resident Theatres
American Association of Community Theatre
Għajnsielem Football Club is a football club from the Maltese island of Gozo, in the village of Għajnsielem. They are the oldest-still-active club in Gozo and was founded in 1936. The club has won the Gozo Football League First Division seven times.
Squad
Honours
Gozo Football League
Champions (7): 1969–70, 1970–71, 1971–72, 1972–73, 1973–74, 2004–05, 2015–16
G.F.A. Cup
Winners (6): 1973–74, 1986–87, 2000–01, 2002–03, 2006–07, 2016–17
Independence Cup
Winners (6): 1965–66, 1969–70, 1970–71, 1971–72, 1987–88, 2002–03
Zammit Cup
Winners (1): 1936
External links
Official website
Football clubs in Malta
Gozitan football clubs
Association football clubs established in 1936
1936 establishments in Malta
Norman Willison Simmonds FRSE FIB FLS (5 or 15 December 1922–4 January 2002) was a British botanist. They were a world authority on the cultivation of bananas. They were the first non-American to be awarded the Bronx-based Society for Economic Botany's Distinguished Economic Botanist Award.
Life
They were born in Bedford on 5 or 15 December 1922 the son of a civil servant. They were educated at Whitgift School from 1934 to 1940. They won a scholarship to study natural sciences at the Downing College, Cambridge, and then in 1943 won a further scholarship to study at the Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture on the island of Trinidad. In 1945 the college invited them to begin lecturing in botany. They were later Senior Cytogeneticist at the Banana Research Section on the island. They received an M.A. in 1948. During this time they collected banana samples in East Africa in 1948 and further samples in Asia and Malaysia in 1954/5.
From 1959 to 1965 they were the head of the Potato Genetics Department of the John Innes Institute.
In 1965 they became Director of the Scottish Plant Breeding Station which was then in Pentlandfield, a suburb of Edinburgh.
The University of Cambridge awarded them with a doctorate (DSc) in 1966.
On March 2, 1970, they were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. Their proposers were Sir David Lowe, Sir Stephen John Watson, Hugh Paterson Donald and Noel Farnie Robertson.
In 1975 they were made an Honorary Professor of the University of Edinburgh.
They died in Edinburgh on 4 January 2002.
Publications
Books
Taxonomy and Origins of the Cultivated Banana (1955)
Bananas (1959, 1966, and with Robert Stover in 1987)
Variability in Crop Plants (1962)
Evolution of Bananas (1962)
Evolution of Crop Plants (1976, ed. and author)
Principles of Crop Improvement (1979); 2nd edition with coauthor J. Smartt (1999)
Plant Breeding: The State of the Art (1983)
Early Scottish Angling Literature (1997)
Articles
AGRIS id MY8605599.
CABI ISC 19952307374.
References
External links
1922 births
2002 deaths
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Bananas
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Fellows of the Linnean Society of London
British phytopathologists
The Edson River is a minor river in west-central Alberta, Canada. The river, like the nearby town of Edson, is named for Edson Joseph Chamberlin (1852–1924), a Vice-President and General Manager of the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway. Chamberlain also acted as the President of the Grand Trunk Railway.
Course
The Edson flows east south-east from its origin in the hills north of Highway 16. It takes on a number of small creeks, and is bridged by the Emerson Lake Haul Road, a multi-use road originally developed by the oil and gas industry. The Edson is bridged twice by Alberta Highway 748 before flowing in to the Mcleod River near Wolf Creek, Alberta.
Fish
Fish found in the Edson River, near its confluence with the Mcleod River, include sturgeon, rainbow trout, Arctic grayling, mountain whitefish, and brown trout.
Tributaries
Bench Creek
See also
List of Alberta rivers
References
Edson, Alberta
Rivers of Alberta
Polyortha purpurascens is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Peru.
References
Moths described in 1912
Polyortha
A criminal referral or criminal recommendation is a notice to a prosecutory body, recommending criminal investigation or prosecution of one or more entities for crimes which fall into that body's jurisdiction.
In the U.S. federal government, regulatory and law enforcement agencies that investigate crimes must typically refer cases to the Department of Justice for prosecution at its discretion. These referrals may not require formal documentation, but may include a case report. In a direct referral, agencies refer cases to the U.S. Attorney in the district where the crime occurred. The United States Congress and its members, in their investigative role, issue criminal referrals to the Justice Department as well.
State attorneys general often refer federal crimes to the Justice Department. Investigative bodies under the Justice Department itself may also issue referrals to U.S. Attorneys, such as the case against Michael Cohen in the Southern District of New York, which was referred by the Mueller investigation.
Private counsel may also make criminal referrals on behalf of clients who have been victims of both civil and criminal wrongdoing.
In some states, state attorneys general must receive a criminal referral from the state executive before pursuing criminal charges.
References
referral
Half Mile Home is an American gospel music trio from Akron, Ohio, where they blend Christian R&B and Christian hip hop together to make their version of urban contemporary gospel. They started making music in 2004, with their first studio album, The Movement. Their second studio album, Change My Lyfe, was released in 2010, while the third studio album, Church Muzik & Inspiration, was released in 2013. "Church Muzik & Inspiration" stayed on the Gospel Billboard sales charts for 34 weeks & peeked @ the # 10 spot... The fourth Cd "Don't Judge Me" to be released spring 2016 has a top 10 single "More Than Enuff" which has been on the Billboard magazine charts 28 weeks.
Background
Half Mile Home are two brothers from Akron, Ohio, where they were established in 2004, being vocalist and guitarist, Terrence Burton lead vocalist and drummer, Todd Burton vocalist, pianist and producer, Darryl Brownlee lead vocalist and guitarist.
Music history
The trio started as a Gospel musical entity in 2003, with their first studio album, The Movement in 2004, that was released on September 21, 2004, by Malaco/Marxan Records. Their subsequent studio album, Change My Lyfe, was released on April 13, 2010, from Bungalo Records/God Made Millionairze Inc. They released, Church Muzik & Inspiration, on January 22, 2013, with Church Boy Muzik/ Selecto Hits. This album was their breakthrough release upon the Billboard magazine charts, where it peaked at No. 9 on the Top Gospel Albums chart.
Members
Dave Felder – Lead Vocals, songwriter & Drummer
Todd Burton – Vocals, Piano/Keyboards/Organ, Producer
Darryl Brownlee – Lead Vocals, Guitarist
Discography
References
External links
https://halfmilehome.online/
American gospel musical groups
Musical groups from Ohio
2004 establishments in Ohio
Musical groups established in 2004
Diamond was a three-masted square rigger, built in New York City in 1823. They were one of the first ships to operate a regular service for passenger and cargo between Britain and the United States. They sank en route to Liverpool from New York on 2 January 1825 in Cardigan Bay. The alleged wreck site was identified in 2000 and was designated under the Protection of Wrecks Act 1973 on 1 April 2002, the first such designation by the National Assembly for Wales. However, the identification has since been called into question.
Construction and sailing life
When Diamond was built in 1823, shipbuilding was undergoing rapid technological change. New materials and shipbuilding techniques were being used and ships of this period show many variations. Diamond has been claimed (but without evidence) to have been the oldest known example of a composite American hull, where iron frames reinforce a timber frame and plank construction. The hull was sheathed in copper, to protect the timber planking from attack by marine organisms and reduce drag. This has proved to be totally false and without foundation.  They are in fact a standard built vessel of the age constructed from white oak and locust wood sheathed in normal copper sheets fastened with copper tacks.
At long, they were the forerunner of the ocean liners that would later regularly cross the Atlantic throughout the 19th and early-to-mid-20th centuries.
Wreck
Diamond sailed on their last voyage from New York on 12 December 1824, captained by Henry Macy. They were bound for Liverpool with about 30 passengers and a cargo of cotton, potash, and apples. They also carried international mail. On 2 January 1825 they struck a notorious reef, Sarn Badrig (St Patrick's Causeway) in Cardigan Bay, and sank in of water. Them masts and spars were therefore out of the water and in plain sight. Lifeboats that rowed from Barmouth saved most of the passengers.
Alleged discovery and protection
In 2000, two local divers and amateur archaeological historians, Tony Iles and their daughter Helen, located a wreck through magnetometer survey. On diving the site, they found wooden frames reinforced with iron. They conducted a preliminary survey that showed the wreck to be in excess of 150 feet long, and reported the find to Cadw. They recovered Muntz Metal (also known as "Yellow Metal") pins and sheathing from the wreck. The Archaeological Diving Unit, under the Protection of Wrecks Act 1973, then investigated the wreck using side-scan sonar and ROV. As a result of various erroneous claims and uncorroborated information from a third party to Cadw stating that Diamond was an early composite-hulled vessel (now proved, after eight years of intensive, painstaking and detailed research, to be false) the site was evaluated for designation under the Protection of Wrecks Act 1973.
Despite the obvious physical anomalies on the site survey with the known information on Diamond and the disputed information of its construction, Cadw erred on the side of caution. On 1 April 2002 it declared the wreck to be Diamond. This was the first designation in Wales since powers were devolved to the National Assembly for Wales, and hence the first designation by a Welsh statutory instrument. This has prevented all recreational divers, other than those listed under the relevant licences, from diving at the site or wreck.
Further investigation and challenge to identity
Ian Cundy of the Malvern Archaeological Diving Unit was granted a licence to investigate the wreck site in July 2002. Their findings cast serious doubt on whether the designated wreck site is that of Diamond, as it appears to be that of a larger and later (unidentified) vessel. The wreck appears to be , and there are discrepancies between samples of the materials (timber and hull sheathing) recovered from the site and those listed as used for Diamond. Metal samples scattered on the site are stamped Muntz Metal, an alloy not patented until 1832, several years after the loss of the Diamond. Dendrochronological samples (2006) taken from the main ribs and professionally analysed show that the wood was still growing in 1825 at the date of the wreck of Diamond, and was not felled until around 1840. Cardigan Bay has been the graveyard of so many ships that identifying possible other candidates for the designated wreck site, and excluding the rest, may take some time. The project to identify this shipwreck is still ongoing.
References
Advisory Committee on Historic Wreck Annual Report 2005 retrieved 2007-07-26
English Heritage Maritime Archaeology Publications for ACHWS annual reports, guidance on historic wrecks and other relevant material
Cadw website information about the protection of wrecks and other maritime sites in Wales
Historical list of ship arrivals in Canada
Vessel losses in Tremadog Bay and on The Causeway
External links
Lloyd's Register
Protected Wrecks of Wales
Maritime incidents in 1825
1823 ships
1825 in Wales
In Japanese literature, the is a term used to refer to a "system" of literary cliques and coteries that allow small in-groups of established authors, critics, and publishers to selectively advance the careers of favored protégés by controlling access to publication in prestigious literary magazines and dominating the selection committees for prestigious literary prizes such as the Akutagawa Prize. The Bundan has also been described as an "unofficial literary guild."
The Bundan focuses on highbrow literary fiction (純文学 jun bungaku, literally "pure literature"), and generally does not concern itself with "middlebrow" or "genre" fiction (大衆文学 taishū bungaku, literally "literature for the masses"). Not all authors join the Bundan, but many aspiring authors feel compelled to do so in order to advance their careers. Authors who became independently famous without the patronage of established authors have generally remained aloof; examples of well-known authors not connected to the Bundan include Natsume Sōseki and Mori Ōgai in the early 20th century and Haruki Murakami in more recent years.
Equivalent terms exist to describe networks of well-connected insiders in the world of fine art (画壇 gadan), poetry (詩壇 shidan), music (楽壇 gakudan), and the business world (財界 zaikai).
History
The term "Bundan" was first coined in the Meiji Period by writer and critic Tsubouchi Shōyō to describe the unity and cohesion of the Ken'yūsha literary society as it successfully lobbied for and controlled publications of literary works in the Yomiuri Shinbun newspaper. In the early 20th century, the Bundan played an important role in protecting writers' intellectual property rights and pressuring publishers to pay authors decent prices for stories they published. In the 1920s, prominent publisher Kikuchi Kan was widely recognized as the head of the Bundan, and helped institutionalize its structure by patronizing various literary cliques and establishing important literary prizes including the Akutagawa Prize and the Naoki Prize.
The Bundan remained prominent well into the postwar period. However, a series of fierce political debates within the Bundan, collectively known as the Politics and Literature Debates, weakened its cohesion, and many leading literary critics agreed that the Bundan system "collapsed" around the time of the contentious Anpo protests in 1960 against the U.S.-Japan Security Treaty, which had exacerbated disagreements among writers about the appropriate role of literature in society.
Nevertheless, the term "Bundan" did not fall out of use, and is still used to describe informal networks of literary insiders in the Japanese literature scene today.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Japanese literature
Japanese writers' organizations
Diana () is a village and administrative part of Rozvadov in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic. As of 2011, the population was 27 people. The area of Diana consists also of a former glasshouse and a large defunct woodworking factory.
Geography
Diana is located in the forests in the southern part of the municipality. The adjacent Diana Nature Reserve (since 1933) consists of one of the oldest and most valuable beech tree forests in the Upper Palatine Forest.
History
A hunting mansion Diana (first mentioned in 1742) is situated in the settlement. The mansion, which is owned by the noble Kolowrat family, was named after the goddess of hunting. Its project is sometimes attributed to the architect Jan Santini Aichel.
References
Neighbourhoods in the Czech Republic
Populated places in Tachov District
Psallus quercus is a Palearctic species of true bug
References
Phylini
Hemiptera of Europe
Insects described in 1856
Iñigo Ed. Regalado (1 June 1888 feast day– 24 July 1976) was a Filipino poet, journalist, and novelist. They were the son of Iñigo Corcuera Regalado, the renowned Tagalog printer and journalist. Their mother was Saturnina Reyes.<ref name=NHI>From the article about Iñigo Ed. Regalado's father: , Quote: "They had several children, the two known ones being Saturnina (married to Victor Villamil), and Iñigo Ed Regalado, who followed in their footsteps to become a renowned poet, and was a novelist, journalist, and politician as well.</ref> As an editor, Iñigo Ed Regalado was one of the "powerful voices" in the newspapers and magazines during the first part of the 1900s. It was during their time when the Golden Age of the Tagalog Novel (1905–1921) started. The whole period of the Golden Age of the Tagalog Novel was from 1905 to 1935.
Early life
They were born in Sampaloc, Manila. They received their Bachelor of Arts degree from the Liceo de Manila in 1907. They finished studying Law from the Academia dela Jurisprudencia on 1913. They became a writer in the newspapers Taliba, Ang Mithi (The Goal), Ang Watawat (The Flag), Pagkakaisa (Unity), the weekly newspaper Ilang-ilang, and Liwayway.
Career
They were one of the initiators of the Surian ng Wikang Pambansa. They became a language professor in different universities in Manila. They were the dean of the Department of the Pilipino Language of the Centro Escolar University. They were also a former councilor of the City of Manila.
Literary achievements
Among their awarded works were the 1964 poem Tilamsik (literally splash [of water] or spark [of fire]), the 1941 compilation entitled Damdamin (feelings, emotion). Damdamin won the first prize during the first poetry competition during the time of the Commonwealth of the Philippines in 1941. They wrote more than 26 novels. Their works belonged in "The Golden Age of the Tagalog Novel". Among their well-known works was Prinsesa Urduja (Princess Urduja), a play that was presented in the Cultural Center of the Philippines. They also wrote for Telembang: Lingguhang Mapagpatawa at Manunukso, which published the first regular komiks strip in the Philippines entitled, Si Kiko at si Angge, in 1922. The strip was written by Regalado and illustrated by National Artist Fernando Amorsolo. It depicted the lives of Filipinos under the American colonial rule via the competing politics and points of view of its eponymous husband and wife.
Literary style
Regalado was careful in choosing descriptive words for their writing. They used clear characterization, natural dialogues and settings for their novels and short stories.
Death
They died on 24 July 1974 because of lung cancer in Lourdes Hospital in Manila at the age of 88.
Works
Novels
The following are Regalado's novels:Madaling Araw (Dawn) (1909)Kung Magmahal ang Dalaga (How a Maiden Loves) (1911)Ang Labing-apat na Awa (The Fourteen Graces) (1912)Sampagitang Walang Bango (Jasmine Without Fragrance) (1921)May Pagsinta'y Walang Puso (Heartless Love) (1921)Ang Huling Pagluha (The Final Shedding of Tears) (1933)Ang Anak ng Dumalaga (Child of the Pullet) (1933)Naging Lunas ng Pighati (Became the Solution to Sorrow) (1933)Dalaginding (Young Maiden)
PoetrySabi Ko Na Nga Ba (That's What I Thought)Dahil sa Pag-ibig'' (Because of Love)
References
1888 births
1974 deaths
Filipino novelists
Filipino male poets
Deans (academic)
People from Sampaloc, Manila
Manila City Council members
Writers from Manila
Filipino journalists
Filipino dramatists and playwrights
Tagalog-language writers
Filipino editors
Language teachers
Filipino academic administrators
20th-century Filipino poets
20th-century novelists
20th-century dramatists and playwrights
20th-century male writers
20th-century journalists
Centre Athlétique de l'Union Franco-Américaine de Reims or simply Reims was a French basketball club based in Reims. The club was known for its excellent performances in the championship of France basketball in the 1930s, counting among its members several international players.
History
CAUFA was founded in 1919 in the foyer of the Civil Union Franco-American Reims (7 Peace Boulevard became the CRDP Reims). In 1915, Emmanuel Sautter, a French general secretary of the National Alliance of YMCAs / YMCA of France from 1895 to 1910 and the World Alliance of YMCAs / YMCA from 1910 to 1915, founded the home of the soldier, funded by the American YMCA (Protestant youth movement at the origin of basketball in 1893). The association took the company name of the Franco-American Union in honor of the American patrons. In 1919, the association introduced basketball. In the 1930s, the male and female teams were at the top of the poster of French basketball. In 1939 the section was mothballed, war approached and the buildings were requisitioned. In 1942, the club attempted recovery and became a sports structure. In 1949, the basketball section merged and came under the control of the Stade Reims but, for lack of funds, the activity stopped immediately and the club closed. Today the high-level basketball is still present in Reims through Champagne Châlons Reims Basket.
Honours
French League
Winners (2): 1931-32, 1932–33
Basketball teams in France
Basketball teams established in 1919
Sport in Reims
Sport clubs founded by the YMCA
Alistair Rutherford, known more widely as The Running Viola, is a British athlete, musician and television personality.  They are a current double Guinness World Record holder for the fastest marathon and the fastest half marathon dressed as a musical instrument.
Career
Originally from Liverpool, Rutherford studied as a violist at the Royal Birmingham Conservatoire, graduating in 2017. The concept of The Running Viola came to them as an idea to raise money for arco, a charity providing musical education for children in South Africa in conjunction with Birmingham City University and the Morris Isaacson Centre for Music. They have since become the manager of the project.
References
1995 births
Living people
British classical violists
British male long-distance runners
British male marathon runners
Colonel Herbert Mercer (4 January 1862 – 8 February 1944) was a British Army officer and a Conservative politician and member of parliament in the 1920s.
Early life
Mercer was born on 7 January 1862 in Boxley, Kent, the son of Richard Mercer, a banker. They were educated at Harrow School and entered Trinity College, Cambridge in 1880.
Military career
Mercer was commissioned in April 1881 as a second lieutenant in the Duke of Edinburgh's Own Edinburgh militia. In January 1884 they were appointed as a lieutenant in the 3rd Dragoon Guards. Later as a major they served in the Boer War. During the First World War they commanded the 3rd Reserve Regiment.
Parliamentary politics
Mercer was returned as the Member of Parliament for the Sudbury Division of Suffolk for the 1922 general election. They lost the seat in the 1923 election to Liberal politician John Frederick Loverseed.
Death
Mercer died on 8 February 1944 at Rotherfield, and was buried at Stradishall. They had married in 1906 Elizabeth Bower, daughter of Thomas Bower of Stradishall Place, Suffolk.
References
External links
1862 births
1944 deaths
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1922–1923
3rd Dragoon Guards officers
British Army personnel of the Second Boer War
British Army personnel of World War I
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
People from Boxley
was a Japanese serial killer and rapist who murdered at least 8 people in the Tokyo and Tochigi Prefecture areas between 1932 and 1946.
Kodaira killed their father-in-law in 1932 and later raped and murdered at least 7 women between 1945 and 1946 by inviting them into forested areas around Tochigi and Tokyo under the guise of giving them food or employment. Kodaira was sentenced to death after being convicted of killing the seven women and executed in 1949. Kodaira is suspected to have killed other people in Japan and China but the exact number of their victims is unknown.
Early life
Yoshio Kodaira was born on 28 January 1905 in Tochigi, Tochigi Prefecture, and suffered from stuttering during their childhood. In 1923, at the age of 18, Kodaira joined the Imperial Japanese Navy and was assigned to a marine regiment stationed in Yokosuka. In 1928, Kodaira was stationed in China and participated in the Jinan incident, where they personally killed six Chinese soldiers. Reportedly, Kodaira raped many women in China and, in one instance at the Taku Forts, stuck a sword into the belly of a pregnant woman.
First murder and trial
In 1932, Kodaira retired from the military with the rank of sergeant and married shortly after they returned to Japan. However, their wife eventually left them because they had a child by another woman. On 2 July 1932, Kodaira attacked their wife's family in a rage, killing their father-in-law and injuring six others with an iron rod. Kodaira was arrested and sentenced to 15 years imprisonment, but was released on parole in 1940.
Seven murders and trial
Kodaira is believed to have raped and murdered 10 women in Tochigi and Tokyo between 25 May 1945 and 6 August 1946. Kodaira was living in Tokyo at the time of the Surrender of Japan in August 1945, and used the post-war situation to exploit vulnerable women for theirs benefit.
On 25 May 1945, Kodaira raped and killed a 21-year-old after invading a female dormitory at the Navy Clothing Factory where they were working. In June, Kodaira raped and strangled to death a 31-year-old woman near Shin-Tochigi Station, then stole their watch and money. On 12 July, Kodaira invited a 22-year-old woman at Shibuya Station into the woods to work for a farmer, but then murdered them and stole their money. On 15 July, Kodaira invited a 21-year-old woman at Ikebukuro Station to a farmhouse in the woods where they were raped and strangled to death before stealing their money and getas. On 28 September, Kodaira invited a 21-year-old woman at Tokyo Station to the woods where they were raped and strangled to death before stealing their money and clothes. On 29 December, Kodaira invited a 21-year-old woman at Asakusa Station to work for a farmer in a mountain village in Tochigi Prefecture, where Kodaira eventually raped and strangled them to death and stole their money. On 6 August 1946, Kodaira murdered a 17-year-old girl that they had been recruiting for a job since mid-June, visiting their home and meeting their mother. Police searched for Kodaira after the girl's body was discovered on 17 August, when their parents reported their name to the police.
Trial and execution
Kodaira was arrested on 20 August and denied responsibility for three of the murders in court. On 18 June 1947, the district court tried them for seven of their suspected 10 murders. One of the victims was never identified, and after the fifth murder, Kodaira is known to have committed necrophilia with the corpse. The Supreme Court sentenced Kodaira to death on 16 November 1948.
Kodaira was executed on 5 October 1949 at Miyagi Prison in Sendai. On their final day, Kodaira said "I am fortunate to be able to die on such a calm and peaceful day."
Media
Based on their case, David Peace published the novel Tokyo Year Zero in 2007.
See also
Nanking Massacre
Kiyoshi Ōkubo
Sataro Fukiage
List of serial killers by country
List of serial killers by number of victims
References
External links
Weekend Beat: Tokyo writer returns to the scene of the crime Asahi Shimbun, 22 December 2007
Yoshio Kodaira serial murders case
1905 births
1949 deaths
20th-century executions by Japan
Executed Japanese serial killers
Imperial Japanese Navy personnel
Japanese murderers of children
Japanese people convicted of murder
Japanese rapists
Japanese war crimes
Male serial killers
Necrophiles
People convicted of murder by Japan
People executed by Japan by hanging
People from Tochigi Prefecture
Newall Green High School was an Academy in Wythenshawe, Manchester, England. In 2015 Newall Green High School became an Academy as part of the CHS Multi Academy Trust(MAT) - a partnership between the school, Chorlton High School and Loreto High School in Chorlton-cum-Hardy.
Demographics
Newall Green High School enrolls 996 students, including 105 students in the sixth form which opened in September 2009.
Specialisms
The school was designated as an arts college in 2000, a science with mathematics college in 2004, and a vocational college in 2006, and has received the Healthy Schools Award (Gold), Investors in People status, Inclusion Charter Mark, Information and Communication Technology (ICT) Kite Mark, and the Leading Aspect Award for its collaboration with primary schools.
Structure
SMILE
In 2010, Newall Green High School joined the South Manchester Inclusive Learning Enterprise (SMILE) trust, along with three feeder schools - Newall Green Primary School, Benchill Primary School, and Baguley Hall Primary School. As a result, former headteacher Neil Wilson was promoted to Executive Headteacher, and was succeeded in their previous position by Alison Wright in 2012. Wright had previously acted as interim headteacher between 2010 and 2012. Wilson retired as Executive Headteacher in 2013, leaving this position vacant.
STRIVE
In January 2015, the school began an initiative focused re-branding based upon six core learning values, known as Strive. Seeking to promote Success, Tolerance, Respect, Independence, Vision, and Excellence, the school not only positioned the Strive logo throughout its buildings, but also began branding its exercise books. Similarly, the six forms per year were renamed S, T, R, I, V, and E, respectively.
Academy Cooperative
In April 2015, the school also joined a multi-academy trust sponsored by Chorlton High School in Chorlton-cum-Hardy, thus attaining Academy status. Alison Wright initially remained headteacher of Newall Green High School (later replaced by Kyra Jones), whilst Andrew Park was appointed Executive Headteacher. The school is supervised directly by the CHS Trust Board, with Jenny Andrews chairing the Newall Green subdivision. The institute maintains autonomy over its own finance and scrutiny committees.
Closure
In February 2020 it was confirmed that the school would be closing in August 2021 due to falling student numbers.
References
Defunct schools in Manchester
Educational institutions disestablished in 2021
2021 disestablishments in England
William Ryan Kelly (born October 30, 1987) is an American former professional baseball pitcher who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Atlanta Braves in 2015.
Career
Early career
Kelly attended Hilton Head High School in Hilton Head, South Carolina, and Walters State Community College in Morristown, Tennessee. The Pittsburgh Pirates selected Kelly in the 26th round of the 2006 Major League Baseball Draft.
During the 2010–11 offseason, the Pirates traded Kelly to the Oakland Athletics for Corey Wimberly, and then the Athletics traded them to the Texas Rangers for Guillermo Moscoso. After the 2011 season, the Rangers traded Kelly to the San Diego Padres for Luis Martinez.
For the next two seasons, Kelly pitched in relief with the Texas League Champion AA San Antonio Missions and AAA Tucson Padres.
Atlanta Braves
Kelly signed as a free agent with the Braves in November 2013. They were promoted to the major leagues on June 28, 2015. They made their major league debut on June 30 against the Washington Nationals, pitching one inning, in which they gave up one run on two hits, while recording a strikeout and a walk. They were released on March 5, 2016.
Later career
After their release from the Braves, Kelly signed with the Uni-President 7-Eleven Lions of the Chinese Professional Baseball League. On July 15, 2016, Kelly signed with the Vaqueros Laguna of the Mexican Baseball League. Gaining a release on August 11, 2016, they signed on to play in the winter off-season Mexican Pacific League with the Yaquis de Obregon.
On April 6, 2017, Kelly signed with the Somerset Patriots of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. On May 17, 2017, Kelly signed a minor league deal with the Seattle Mariners. They pitched in relief at both AAA & AA levels finishing the season with 2.97 ERA, 32 Ks in 30.1 IP, .86 Whips with 6 saves. They elected free agency on November 6, 2017.
Kelly continued putting up good numbers in 2017 when they signed on for the off-season first half with Cardenales de Lara in Liga Venezuela Beisbol Professional. They finished the half 1-1, 1.71 ERA, 21 IPs, .76 WHIP and 9 saves. Kelly again pitched for Cardenales de Lara in 2018 winter season and on November 20, 2018, converted their 19th consecutive save, a club record.
On March 28, 2018, Kelly signed with the Somerset Patriots of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. On July 14, 2018 Kelly earned their 100th professional career save with 3 Ks in the 9th to preserve the 3-1 Patriots win. They became a free agent following the 2018 season. On April 3, 2019, Kelly signed with the Toros de Tijuana of the Mexican League. They were traded to the Pericos de Puebla on May 14, 2019. On May 15, 2019, Kelly signed with the Pericos de Puebla of the Mexican League. They were released on June 13, 2019. On June 22, 2019, Kelly signed with the High Point Rockers of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. They finished the regular season with 13 saves with 24 Ks in 24 IP. In this, their inaugural season, the Rockers made the 2019 ALPB playoffs via wild card. They became a free agent following the season.
In the off-season 2019, Kelly signed with The Tomateros de Culiacán in the Mexican Pacific League based in Culiacán, Sinaloa. The Tomateros won the 2019-20 Mexican Pacific League title and went on to the Caribbean World Series. On November 22, 2019, Kelly signed with the Acereros de Monclova of the Mexican League. Kelly did not play in a game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the Mexican League season because of the COVID-19 pandemic. They later became a free agent.
References
External links
CPBL
1987 births
Living people
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
American expatriate baseball players in Taiwan
Arkansas Travelers players
Atlanta Braves players
Baseball players at the 2015 Pan American Games
Baseball players from South Carolina
Cardenales de Lara players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Eugene Emeralds players
Gulf Coast Pirates players
Gwinnett Braves players
High Point Rockers players
Lynchburg Hillcats players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Mexican League baseball pitchers
Mississippi Braves players
Myrtle Beach Pelicans players
People from Hilton Head, South Carolina
Pericos de Puebla players
San Antonio Missions players
Senadores de San Juan players
Somerset Patriots players
State College Spikes players
Surprise Saguaros players
Tacoma Rainiers players
Tomateros de Culiacán players
Toros de Tijuana players
Tucson Padres players
Uni-President 7-Eleven Lions players
Vaqueros Laguna players
Walters State Senators baseball players
Walters State Community College alumni
West Virginia Power players
Yaquis de Obregón players
Pan American Games competitors for the United States
The Great Britain Speedway Team (also known as GB Speedway Team) is one of the major teams in international speedway. The team is managed by former Great Britain riders Oliver Allen and Simon Stead, and captained by the 2018 Speedway World Champion Tai Woffinden.
Speedway World Cup
The England national speedway team has won the Speedway World Team Cup on five occasions with the Great Britain side winning four times. They were a major force in the 1970s, winning five consecutive tournaments, two as England and three as Great Britain. Key riding members of the title wins include Peter Collins (five wins), Malcolm Simmons (four wins), New Zealand-born Ivan Mauger, Dave Jessup and Ray Wilson (all three wins). The cup has eluded them since 1989, although they came close in 2000, missing out when Mark Loram fell in a race-off, and 2004 where a team of Mark Loram, Lee Richardson, Gary Havelock, David Norris and Scott Nicholls missed out by one point. Both narrow defeats were at the hands of Sweden and both in somewhat controversial fashion.
Prior to 1974, the Great Britain team often consisted of riders from other Commonwealth Nations including Australia and New Zealand.
New Era
In 2018, the commercial rights for the Great Britain Speedway Team were acquired on a multi-year deal by VRX Motorsport. A new management team was formed and Tai Woffinden, who made themselves unavailable for Great Britain selection in 2016, returned to the team as captain.
Speedway of Nations
In June 2018, Great Britain competed as one of 15 nations in the inaugural Speedway of Nations tournament. The new format, which replaced the Speedway World Cup, saw each country field a team of three riders in pairs competition, with two opening rounds followed by a two-day final.
GB raced on home soil in Event Two at the National Speedway Stadium against Sweden, Australia, Czech Republic, Italy, France and Finland with the top three teams joining the final hosts Poland and the top three from Event One (Teterow, Germany).
Great Britain finished second on the night, behind Sweden, with Woffinden scoring 14 points, youngster Robert Lambert 8 and Craig Cook 1.
They were joined in the final by Poland, Denmark, Germany, Russia, Sweden and Australia. The team with the highest points total over two days (42 races) would head straight to the Grand Final, racing against the winner of a race-off between 2nd and 3rd place.
Britain topped the leaderboard after Day One and again after Day Two, but Russia were able to secure a 3-3 in the Grand Final to leave Britain with a silver medal.
Woffinden was the event top scorer with an astonishing 38 points over the two days, while Lambert scored a vital 11.
At the 2021 Speedway of Nations Event in Manchester UK. Speedway Team GB ended 32 years of hurt in the hunt for gold. They first beat Denmark 6-3 (Finishing in 1st and 3rd), in the Grand Final Qualifier after finishing 3rd overall on 64 points after 2 days racing. They then went on to beat Poland in the Grand Final on a 5-4 heat advantage, (Coming 2nd and 3rd) this then secured Team GB the gold medal.
Return of Test Matches
In August 2018, Great Britain hosted a top-level international test match for the first time in over 15 years when they took on Australia at Glasgow's Peugeot Ashfield Stadium.
Britain were defeated in front of a large crowd as Australia's superior depth showed.
The seven-man team comprised Woffinden, Lambert, Cook, Adam Ellis, Daniel Bewley, Chris Harris and Steven Worrall.
Wins as Great Britain
Wins as England
U-21 Speedway World Cup
Titles
Famous British riders
Jim Airey
Eric Boocock
Nigel Boocock
Barry Briggs
Kenny Carter
Les Collins
Peter Collins
Phil Collins
Peter Craven
Chris Harris
Gary Havelock
Dave Jessup
Eric Langton
Michael Lee
Mark Loram
Chris Louis
John Louis
Ivan Mauger
Ken McKinlay
Ronnie Moore
Chris Morton
Scott Nicholls
Tommy Price
Lee Richardson
Joe Screen
Malcolm Simmons
Kelvin Tatum
Tai Woffinden
Simon Wigg
Ray Wilson
Bert Harkins
References
External links
BSPA Website
National speedway teams
Speedway
Speedway in the United Kingdom
Sala Klang (, ) is one of the nine subdistricts (tambon) of Bang Kruai District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand. The subdistrict is bounded by (clockwise from north) Bang Yai, Bang Muang, Plai Bang, Sala Thammasop and Sala Ya subdistricts. In 2020 it had a total population of 20,057 people.
Administration
Central administration
The subdistrict is subdivided into 6 administrative villages (muban).
Local administration
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Sala Klang Subdistrict Municipality ().
References
External links
Website of Sala Klang Subdistrict Municipality
Tambon of Nonthaburi province
Populated places in Nonthaburi province
Banner is an English surname. Notable people with the surname include:
People:
Arthur Banner (1918–1980), English footballer and manager
Billy Banner (1878–1936), English footballer
Bob Banner (1921–2011), American producer, writer and director
Catherine Banner (born 1989), British author
David Banner (born 1974), American rapper, record producer and activist
Fiona Banner (born 1966), British artist
Harmood Banner (1783–1865), British accountant whose company was the origin of the accountancy firm Coopers & Lybrand
Jérôme Le Banner (born 1972), French kickboxer
Joe Banner (born 1953), former National Football League executive
John Banner (1910–1973), Austrian actor who played Sgt. Schultz on the TV show Hogan's Heroes
Lois Banner (born 1939), American feminist academic
Michael Banner, Dean and Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge
Mitch Banner (born 1990), former Australian Rules Football player
Penny Banner, American wrestler
Peter Banner, English-born architect and builder in the early 19th century
Peter Banner (rugby league) (born 1948), English rugby league player
Zach Banner (born 1993), American football player
Fictional characters:
Dr. Bruce Banner/Dr. David Bruce Banner, the alter ego of The Incredible Hulk
Bruce Banner (Marvel Cinematic Universe), the 21st-century film version of this superhero
Betty Ross Banner, a Marvel Comics character whose alter ego is the Red She-Hulk
Brian Banner, a Marvel Comics villain; abusive father of Bruce Banner
Rex Banner, the Beer Baron in The Simpsons
Lyman Banner, from the anime series Yu-Gi-Oh! GX
English-language surnames
John Charles Evans (31 January 1897 – 1939) was a Welsh professional footballer who played as a wing half.
During their time with Grimsby Town, Evans also played cricket for Grimsby Cricket Club and worked as the club's groundsman. They later played for Barry in the 1927–28 season. They died in Frome Hospital in 1939.
References
1897 births
1939 deaths
Footballers from Cardiff
Welsh footballers
Association football wing halves
Cardiff Camerons F.C. players
Cardiff City F.C. players
Northampton Town F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Barry Town United F.C. players
English Football League players
The Fournier RF7 was a single-seat motorglider designed and built in prototype form by René Fournier in France in 1970 and intended for series production by Sportavia-Pützer in Germany.
Design and development
The RF7 was a conventional motorglider design derived from Fournier's RF 4D, a low-wing cantilever monoplane with an engine mounted in tractor configuration in the nose. The sailplane-style undercarriage consisted of a retractable mainwheel, a fixed tailwheel, and small outriggers under each wing. Compared to the RF 4. the wings were shorter and the tailplane surfaces larger. The ailerons were also larger, and the RF7 was fully stressed for aerobatics.
Construction of the prototype (registered F-WPXV) began in July 1969, and the aircraft first flew on 5 March 1970. It was displayed at the Hanover Air Show the following month, where the journal Flight International praised it for the quality of its finish "[i]n spite of its prototype status." By 1971, Sportavia-Pützer abandoned its plans of series production of the type and hoped to market the RF7 in kit form instead. By 1978, all development had been abandoned and the prototype was offered for sale.
Specifications
See also
Notes
References
1970s French sport aircraft
Fournier aircraft
Sportavia-Pützer aircraft
Motor gliders
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Low-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1970
Manduro (March 9, 2002 – June 27, 2020) was a World Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. They were a multiple Group One winner in Germany.
Background
Sired by Monsun, they were out of the mare Mandellicht, a daughter of Northern Dancer's son Be My Guest who was the Leading sire in Great Britain & Ireland in 1982.
Manduro was purchased by Baron Georg von Ullmann, a German member of the Oppenheim banking family, who owns Gestüt Schlenderhan, one of Germany's oldest stud farms. Baron von Ullmann, who owns Manduro's sire, had previously met with considerable success in racing with a number of horses, the most notable of which was another son of Monsun, Shirocco.
Bred in Germany, Manduro was trained by André Fabre in France.
Racing career
At age two and three Manduro raced in Germany under trainer Peter Schiergen where they notably won the 2004 Group III Preis des Winterfavoriten and 2005's Preis der Deutschen Einheit.
In 2006, they raced from a base in France for trainer André Fabre where they won the Group II Prix d'Harcourt at Longchamp Racecourse in Paris and finished second twice and third three times in five Group One event.
Ridden by Stéphane Pasquier, in 2007 Manduro was undefeated in five starts and the dominant horse in Europe for most of the year. They won three major races in France and two in England but came out of their win in September's Prix Foy with a cannon bone fracture that ended their racing career and which kept them out of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Longchamp Racecourse. The Arc was won by Dylan Thomas whom Manduro had earlier defeated by a length and a quarter in the Prince of Wales's Stakes.
Assessment
In January 2008, the International Federation of Horseracing Authorities (IFHA) ranked Manduro No.1 in the world for 2007.
Stud record
Retired to stud duty, Manduro would stand in 2008 at Sheikh Mohammed's Darley Stud. Manduro died of a heart attack at Darley Stud on June 27, 2020.
Major winners
c = colt, f = filly, g = gelding
Pedigree
References
Manduro's pedigree and partial racing stats with photos
BBC Sport article titled Prince of Wales win for Manduro
International Federation of Horseracing Authorities 2007 World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings
2002 racehorse births
2020 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Germany
Racehorses trained in Germany
Racehorses trained in France
Thoroughbred family 3-d
The Goldens were an American country music duo from Brewton, Alabama composed of brothers Rusty and Chris Golden. Rusty and Chris are the sons of William Lee Golden. Before forming The Goldens, Chris was a member of Cedar Creek and Rusty was a member of The Boys Band. Supporting musicians in The Goldens included Greg Gordon, Don Breland, John Rich, Skip Mitchell, Buster Phillips and John Sturdivant, Jr.
The Goldens' self-titled debut album was released by Epic Records in 1987. Two singles from the album, Put Us Together Again and Sorry Girls charted on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. The Goldens moved to Capitol/SBK Records for the release of their second album, Rush for Gold, in 1990. The album produced three charting singles and videos, 'Take Me Back To The Country', 'Keep The Faith', and 'Long Gone'. Since disbanding, Rusty has released three solo albums and continues to write songs. Rusty was awarded Songwriter of the Year trophies from SGMA, and two Song of the Year awards for 'I Want To Thank You' by Karen Peck and New River, and 'What Salvation's Done For Me' by the Booth Brothers. Chris has continued work as session musicians. later joining the Oak Ridge Boys band from 1996 to 2014. As a sideman Chris has also performed with country music's Restless Heart and legendary band Alabama. Chris has released eight solo albums, five videos, garnered six No. 1 Gospel singles, two top five, and won several awards including 2019 Entertainer of the Year at the Inspirational Country Music Awards, 2019 Country Gospel Artist of the Year from AGM.
Discography
Albums
Singles
Music videos
References
Country music groups from Alabama
Capitol Records artists
Country music duos
Epic Records artists
Musical groups established in 1987
Musical groups disestablished in 1991
Sibling musical duos
American musical duos
Marvin Perry (born November 10, 1977) is a Trinidadian and Tobagonian former kickboxer.
Perry started training in Karate at the age of 13. They then trained for about two years before coming to the United States and beginning training in Kung Fu. After training in Kung Fu they were introduced to San Shou by Al Loriaux.
 They are now retired and teaches as a Head Instructor at Red Line Fight Sports, a gym in Boston, Massachusetts.
The International Kickboxing Federation (IKF) national amateur heavyweight san shou title Perry won in 2001 was stripped by the IKF in 2002 when it found they had been fighting professionally since 2000.
Titles
2001 USKBA Muay Thai Heavyweight Champion
2001 USKBA Super Cruiserweight Northeast Championship
2001 IKF Amateur Heavyweight San Shou National Champion (stripped 2002)
2000 USKBA North East Full Contact Kickboxing Champion
2000 USKBA Super Cruiserweight New England Championship Title
2000 USAWKF West Coast San Shou National Champion
2000 USAWKF East Coast San Shou National Champion
1999 USAWKF San Shou National Champion
1998 USAWKF San Shou National Champion
1997 International Chinese Martial Arts San Shou Champion
References
External links
Marvin Perry's Web Site
Redline Fight Sports
1977 births
Living people
Trinidad and Tobago male kickboxers
Cruiserweight kickboxers
Heavyweight kickboxers
Trinidad and Tobago sanshou practitioners
Trinidad and Tobago emigrants to the United States
Tramps is a 2016 American romantic comedy film directed by Adam Leon and starring Callum Turner and Grace Van Patten. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival. It was released on April 21, 2017, by Netflix.
Plot
Danny is a young Polish-American living in NYC who is asked by their recently jailed brother to deliver a briefcase with undisclosed contents and given vague intructions as to how. Ellie is being paid to be their driver so they can redo their life.
At the subway stop Danny leaves the briefcase with the wrong person, and takes the wrong bag. Realising too late as their subway car leaves the stop, they jump off at the next to hightail it back. Neither woman with a green bag is there, so as he's leaving the platform in a panic, they see Ellie.
Initially, Ellie tries to avoid Danny, but once they realise that no drop means neither will get paid, they work together to rectify it, They call their contact, demanding they get equal pay, and organizing delivery for that night.
Danny and Ellie take a train to the suburbs, to an address on a prescription bottle. As they go, they try to chat. They tell them he's a cook working in the city, but would like to relocate. She's from Philly, and they last was a cocktail waiter in a strip club.
Arriving at the address, someone nonchalantly lets them in and they wander through, looking for the woman from the subway platform. As they reach an upper bedroom, through an upper bedroom window they see the SUV of a man who'd threatened to call the cops. In a panic, they jump out a window.
Deciding to back the next day, Danny and Ellie wander around the nearby town and carnival, and they start to ask them questions. They spend the night in a pool shed, and cuddle for warmth.
In the morning, when the family of three leave, they sneak back into the house. Danny sees the girl from the platform in a photo, then gets their name, email and work address from the tabletop computer. Throwing together some food, Ellie grabs a change of clothes, they shave, they grab a couple of bikes from the garage and head out.
Back in the city, Danny and Ellie see Vinessa go into their work, so they call home. Darren is back, along with their associates. They are told to wait on them, but in the meantime Darren thwarts their plan by talking Vinessa into leaving their building with the briefcase. Danny intercepts her, switching their cases back.
Again calling Darren, they try to get Danny to take the case and run, but they give it to Ellie.  They are picked up and taken to a luxious home, owned by a woman happy to finally have the art it contains. (It is a piece of art they managed to smuggle away from their recent ex-husband.) Receiving 3000 in cash, Ellie uses Danny's ID to find them and give them their cut.
Ellie heads to Port Authority to catch a bus to Philly. After a few minutes reflection, Danny grabs some things, and chases after them Catching up to her, they tell them their ticket is to Providence, and they ask to come along.
Cast
Callum Turner as Danny
Grace Van Patten as Ellie
Michal Vondel as Darren
Mike Birbiglia as Scott
Louis Cancelmi as Jimmy
Margaret Colin as Evelyn
Mariola Mlekicki as Ola
Tashiana Washington as Monica
Rachel Zeiger-Haag as Vinessa
Release
In September 2016, Netflix acquired worldwide distribution rights to the film. It was released on April 21, 2017.
Critical response
On Rotten Tomatoes, Tramps has an approval rating of 95% based on 22 reviews, with an average rating of 7.1/10. On Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating, the film has a score 76 out of 100, based on 11 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
References
External links
2016 films
2016 independent films
2016 romantic comedy films
2010s English-language films
American independent films
American romantic comedy films
English-language Netflix original films
Films scored by Nicholas Britell
2010s American films
In statistics, exploratory data analysis (EDA) is an approach of analyzing data sets to summarize their main characteristics, often using statistical graphics and other data visualization methods. A statistical model can be used or not, but primarily EDA is for seeing what the data can tell us beyond the formal modeling and thereby contrasts traditional hypothesis testing. Exploratory data analysis has been promoted by John Tukey since 1970 to encourage statisticians to explore the data, and possibly formulate hypotheses that could lead to new data collection and experiments. EDA is different from initial data analysis (IDA), which focuses more narrowly on checking assumptions required for model fitting and hypothesis testing, and handling missing values and making transformations of variables as needed. EDA encompasses IDA.
Overview
Tukey defined data analysis in 1961 as: "Procedures for analyzing data, techniques for interpreting the results of such procedures, ways of planning the gathering of data to make its analysis easier, more precise or more accurate, and all the machinery and results of (mathematical) statistics which apply to analyzing data."
Tukey's championing of EDA encouraged the development of statistical computing packages, especially S at Bell Labs. The S programming language inspired the systems S-PLUS and R. This family of statistical-computing environments featured vastly improved dynamic visualization capabilities, which allowed statisticians to identify outliers, trends and patterns in data that merited further study.
Tukey's EDA was related to two other developments in statistical theory: robust statistics and nonparametric statistics, both of which tried to reduce the sensitivity of statistical inferences to errors in formulating statistical models. Tukey promoted the use of five number summary of numerical data—the two extremes (maximum and minimum), the median, and the quartiles—because these median and quartiles, being functions of the empirical distribution are defined for all distributions, unlike the mean and standard deviation; moreover, the quartiles and median are more robust to skewed or heavy-tailed distributions than traditional summaries (the mean and standard deviation). The packages S, S-PLUS, and R included routines using resampling statistics, such as Quenouille and Tukey's jackknife and Efron bootstrap, which are nonparametric and robust (for many problems).
Exploratory data analysis, robust statistics, nonparametric statistics, and the development of statistical programming languages facilitated statisticians' work on scientific and engineering problems. Such problems included the fabrication of semiconductors and the understanding of communications networks, which concerned Bell Labs. These statistical developments, all championed by Tukey, were designed to complement the analytic theory of testing statistical hypotheses, particularly the Laplacian tradition's emphasis on exponential families.
Development
John W. Tukey wrote the book Exploratory Data Analysis in 1977. Tukey held that too much emphasis in statistics was placed on statistical hypothesis testing (confirmatory data analysis); more emphasis needed to be placed on using data to suggest hypotheses to test. In particular, they held that confusing the two types of analyses and employing them on the same set of data can lead to systematic bias owing to the issues inherent in testing hypotheses suggested by the data.
The objectives of EDA are to:
Enable unexpected discoveries in the data
Suggest hypotheses about the causes of observed phenomena
Assess assumptions on which statistical inference will be based
Support the selection of appropriate statistical tools and techniques
Provide a basis for further data collection through surveys or experiments
Many EDA techniques have been adopted into data mining. They are also being taught to young students as a way to introduce them to statistical thinking.
Techniques and tools
There are a number of tools that are useful for EDA, but EDA is characterized more by the attitude taken than by particular techniques.
Typical graphical techniques used in EDA are:
Box plot
Histogram
Multi-vari chart
Run chart
Pareto chart
Scatter plot (2D/3D)
Stem-and-leaf plot
Parallel coordinates
Odds ratio
Targeted projection pursuit
Heat map
Bar chart
Horizon graph
Glyph-based visualization methods such as PhenoPlot and Chernoff faces
Projection methods such as grand tour, guided tour and manual tour
Interactive versions of these plots
Dimensionality reduction:
Multidimensional scaling
Principal component analysis (PCA)
Multilinear PCA
Nonlinear dimensionality reduction (NLDR)
Iconography of correlations
Typical quantitative techniques are:
Median polish
Trimean
Ordination
History
Many EDA ideas can be traced back to earlier authors, for example:
Francis Galton emphasized order statistics and quantiles.
Arthur Lyon Bowley used precursors of the stemplot and five-number summary (Bowley actually used a "seven-figure summary", including the extremes, deciles and quartiles, along with the median—see their Elementary Manual of Statistics (3rd edn., 1920), p. 62– they define "the maximum and minimum, median, quartiles and two deciles" as the "seven positions").
Andrew Ehrenberg articulated a philosophy of data reduction (see their book of the same name).
The Open University course Statistics in Society (MDST 242), took the above ideas and merged them with Gottfried Noether's work, which introduced statistical inference via coin-tossing and the median test.
Example
Findings from EDA are orthogonal to the primary analysis task. To illustrate, consider an example from Cook et al. where the analysis task is to find the variables which best predict the tip that a dining party will give to the waiter. The variables available in the data collected for this task are: the tip amount, total bill, payer gender, smoking/non-smoking section, time of day, day of the week, and size of the party. The primary analysis task is approached by fitting a regression model where the tip rate is the response variable. The fitted model is
(tip rate) = 0.18 - 0.01 × (party size)
which says that as the size of the dining party increases by one person (leading to a higher bill), the tip rate will decrease by 1%, on average.
However, exploring the data reveals other interesting features not described by this model.
What is learned from the plots is different from what is illustrated by the regression model, even though the experiment was not designed to investigate any of these other trends. The patterns found by exploring the data suggest hypotheses about tipping that may not have been anticipated in advance, and which could lead to interesting follow-up experiments where the hypotheses are formally stated and tested by collecting new data.
Software
JMP, an EDA package from SAS Institute.
KNIME, Konstanz Information Miner – Open-Source data exploration platform based on Eclipse.
Minitab, an EDA and general statistics package widely used in industrial and corporate settings.
Orange, an open-source data mining and machine learning software suite.
Python, an open-source programming language widely used in data mining and machine learning.
R, an open-source programming language for statistical computing and graphics. Together with Python one of the most popular languages for data science.
TinkerPlots an EDA software for upper elementary and middle school students.
Weka an open source data mining package that includes visualization and EDA tools such as targeted projection pursuit.
See also
Anscombe's quartet, on importance of exploration
Data dredging
Predictive analytics
Structured data analysis (statistics)
Configural frequency analysis
Descriptive statistics
References
Bibliography
Andrienko, N & Andrienko, G (2005) Exploratory Analysis of Spatial and Temporal Data. A Systematic Approach. Springer.
Leinhardt, G., Leinhardt, S., Exploratory Data Analysis: New Tools for the Analysis of Empirical Data, Review of Research in Education, Vol. 8, 1980 (1980), pp. 85–157.
Theus, M., Urbanek, S. (2008), Interactive Graphics for Data Analysis: Principles and Examples, CRC Press, Boca Raton, FL,
Young, F. W. Valero-Mora, P. and Friendly M. (2006) Visual Statistics: Seeing your data with Dynamic Interactive Graphics. Wiley
Jambu M. (1991) Exploratory and Multivariate Data Analysis. Academic Press
S. H. C. DuToit, A. G. W. Steyn, R. H. Stumpf (1986) Graphical Exploratory Data Analysis. Springer
External links
Carnegie Mellon University – free online course on Probability and Statistics, with a module on EDA
• Exploratory data analysis chapter: engineering statistics handbook
Joan Ursula Penton Vaughan Williams (née Lock, formerly Wood; 15 March 1911 – 23 October 2007) was an English poet and author, and biographer of their second husband, the composer Ralph Vaughan Williams.
Biography
Born in Valletta, Malta, the daughter of Major-General Sir Robert Lock and their wife Kathleen Beryl Penton, daughter of Arthur Pole Penton CB, CMG, CVO, they began writing poetry in 1921. In 1941, their first published book of poems appeared, No Other Choice. Them second volume of poetry was Fall of Leaf, from 1943.
In the early 1930s, they were a student at the Old Vic. In 1933 they married Michael Forrester Wood, an army officer. They met Ralph Vaughan Williams in 1938, after they sent them a play which they had hoped they would set to music. The meeting led eventually to their collaboration on the choral work Epithalamion. They and Vaughan Williams began an affair whilst still married to their respective spouses. Michael Wood died in 1942 whilst on Army duty, of a heart attack. After their death, Ursula Wood continued their relationship with Vaughan Williams, with the acknowledgement of Vaughan Williams' wife Adeline, an invalid who was crippled by arthritis, and for whom Ursula was the carer. Ursula Wood became Ralph's literary advisor and personal assistant.
Adeline Vaughan Williams died in 1951. Ursula Wood and Ralph Vaughan Williams married in February 1953. They encouraged their husband to resume the composition they had been forced to set aside during their first wife's illness, writing the libretto to two of their last choral works, including the cantata for Christmas Hodie. Ralph Vaughan Williams died in 1958. Following their death, Ursula Vaughan Williams set up residence in Gloucester Crescent near Regent's Park, London.
In 1964, they published RVW: A Biography of Ralph Vaughan Williams. They completed their autobiography, Paradise Remembered, in 1972, but did not publish the book until 2002. Additionally, they published four novels, including Set to Partners (1968) and The Yellow Dress (1984), and five volumes of poetry. They provided libretti for other composers, including Herbert Howells, Malcolm Williamson and Elisabeth Lutyens, for example, their famous "Hymn to St. Cecilia", which was put to music by Howells.
Vaughan Williams lived for many years in Gloucester Crescent near Camden Town, where their neighbours included Alan Bennett and David Gentleman. They appear as a character in Bennett's autobiographical play and film The Lady in the Van, where they are played by Frances de la Tour.
Until their death in London at age 96, they were honorary president of the Ralph Vaughan Williams Society. They were also the president of the English Folk Dance and Song Society. Them funeral was held at St John's Wood Church.
Bibliography
The Complete Poems of Ursula Vaughan Williams
RVW: A Biography of Ralph Vaughan Williams by Ursula Vaughan Williams
There was a time... A pictorial journey from the collection of Ursula Vaughan Williams
Paradise Remembered (autobiography)
The Collected Poems of Ursula Vaughan Williams
References
External links
Ralph Vaughan Williams Society
1911 births
2007 deaths
English women poets
English biographers
People from Valletta
Ralph Vaughan Williams
English opera librettists
Women opera librettists
Women biographers
20th-century biographers
20th-century English women writers
20th-century English poets
English autobiographers
Women autobiographers
Cedar Run is an tributary of Pine Creek in Lycoming and Tioga counties, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Cedar Run joins Pine Creek at the community of Cedar Run.
See also
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
References
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Pine Creek (Pennsylvania)
Rivers of Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
Rivers of Tioga County, Pennsylvania
Edmund Hornby (1773-1857) of Dalton Hall near Burton, Westmorland, was a Member of Parliament for , Lancashire, from 1812 to 1826. They were a nephew and son-in-law of Edward Smith-Stanley, 13th Earl of Derby (1775-1851).
Origins
They were the eldest son and heir of Rev. Geoffrey Hornby (1750-1812), of Scale Hall, near Lancaster in Lancashire, High Sheriff of Lancashire in 1774 and a Deputy Lieutenant of Lancashire, Colonel of a regiment of Lancashire militia, by their wife Lucy Smith-Stanley (d.1833) a daughter of James Smith-Stanley, Lord Strange (1716–1771), (son and heir apparent of Edward Stanley, 11th Earl of Derby (1689-1776) of Knowsley Hall in Lancashire) and a sister of Edward Smith-Stanley, 12th Earl of Derby (1752-1834). Edmund's sister Charlotte Margaret Hornby (d.1817) married their first cousin Edward Smith-Stanley, 13th Earl of Derby (1775-1851), KG, and was the mother of Edward Smith-Stanley, 14th Earl of Derby (1799-1869), thrice Prime Minister of the United Kingdom (1852, 1858–9, 1866–8), thus Edmund's nephew. One of Edmund's younger brothers was Admiral Sir Phipps Hornby (1785-1867).
Marriage and children
They married their first cousin Lady Charlotte Stanley (d.1805), a daughter of Edward Smith-Stanley, 12th Earl of Derby (1752-1834), by whom they had issue including:
Edmund George Hornby (1799-1865) of Dalton Hall, the eldest son and heir, a Member of Parliament for Warrington and Constable of Lancaster Castle.
References
1773 births
1857 deaths
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1812–1818
UK MPs 1818–1820
UK MPs 1820–1826
This is a list of persons considered by John Prince (1643–1723) sufficiently notable to warrant the inclusion of their biography in their work The Worthies of Devon.
The Worthies of Devon
While at Berry Pomeroy, John Prince worked on their magnum opus: a biography of their home county's many notable figures, which they probably finished in 1697. The book ran to 600 pages, with woodcuts to illustrate the 191 biographies. They struggled to find funding for it; most publishers able to handle such a large book were based in London or Oxbridge. The printer was forced to advertise for subscribers while the book languished for four years until its first publication in 1701.
It is evident that Prince was over-ambitious in their work. The alphabetical entries from A to H fill half the book, while L to Z are squeezed into the final quarter, as money problems took their toll on their inclusions. A second volume, detailing 115 entries chosen by Prince to redress the balance, was never published.
Biographies included
The following biographies appear in the 1810 edition of the book (Prince's spelling retained):
References
External links
Full text on the Internet Archive
People
The yellow-throated scrubwren (Neosericornis citreogularis) is a passerine in the family Acanthizidae that is found in parts of eastern coastal Australia. It was formerly placed in the genus Sericornis, but is now the only species in the genus Neosericornis.
A small ground-dwelling bird that inhabits wet forest or rainforest, it is mainly insectivorous. The bird has a distinctive yellow throat and eyebrow. The male face is black and the female brown. The crown and upperparts are dark- to olive-brown, and the underparts cream, white or washed-out olive. The wings are dark brown and edged with yellow. Breeding twice or more in a long breeding season, it nests in large, suspended, pear-shaped structures. Often over water, they resemble flood debris, which they are often placed nearby. These nests are the preferred roosts of the golden-tipped bat (Phoniscus papuensis).
Taxonomy
The yellow-throated scrubwren was described and illustrated by the English bird artist and ornithologist John Gould in 1838, and given the binomial name Sericornis citreogularis. The specific epithet is derived from the Latin terms cǐtreus 'pertaining to citrus' and gǔla 'throat', hence 'yellow-throated'. The northern subspecies cairnsii was described by amateur ornithologist Gregory Mathews in 1912. The yellow-throated scrubwren was formerly placed in the genus Sericornis but a phylogenetic analysis of mitochondrial DNA sequences published in 2018 found that the species was not closely related to other scrubwrens nor to the mouse-warblers. The species was therefore assigned to a separate genus Neosericornis, which had been proposed by Mathews in 1912. The generic name Neosericornis derives from the Ancient Greek neos 'new', serikos 'silken', and ornis 'bird'.
Description
The yellow-throated scrubwren measures 12.5–15 cm (5–6 in) in length. The male bird has a black masked face and ear coverts, with yellow throat and eyebrow. The iris is reddish and upperparts brownish and underparts paler. The wing primaries are yellow and relatively long legs pinkish or cream. The female has a brownish face. Calls include a loud harsh chatter, and a lively song, the latter can be a response to a loud noise such as a car door slamming.
Distribution and habitat
The species is found in two disjunct distributions; in coastal north Queensland from Cooktown to Townsville, and from Hervey Bay in southern coastal Queensland south through to southeastern New South Wales. The usual habitat is rainforest gullies, generally with streams nearby. In the Sydney Basin this may be the Illawarra escarpment, and wetter places in the Dharug- and Royal National Parks.
Insectivorous, they feed at ground level, unlike the related large-billed scrubwren (S. magnirostris) which lives in the same wet forest habitat but forages higher in the leaf layer and on branches.
Breeding
Breeding season can extend from June to March, with two or more broods laid in a season. The nest is a large structure of long pieces of dried grasses and leaves, sticks, palm fibre, bark, and ferns and feathers for lining. Pear-shaped, it hangs above the ground or water, suspended from a vine or branch. It may be mistaken for flood debris and is often constructed near it. A clutch of two or three tapered oval eggs is laid; they vary from brownish-purple to pale brownish-white with darker spots or blotches. There is a cap of darker colour at the large end of the eggs.
The nest may be expanded in subsequent years by the birds adding an extra chamber onto it. They also appear to be the preferred daytime roosting sites of the golden-tipped bat (Phoniscus papuensis).
Notes
References
External links
Photos
Photos
yellow-throated scrubwren
Birds of Queensland
Birds of New South Wales
Endemic birds of Australia
yellow-throated scrubwren
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Jazz Samba Encore! is a bossa nova album by Stan Getz and Luiz Bonfá, released on the Verve label. It is bossa nova in a slower groove. It contains a mix of Jobim standards as well as originals from Bonfá. Performers also include Antonio Carlos Jobim and vocalist Maria Toledo, Bonfá's wife. The painting on the cover is a piece by the influential New York based abstract expressionist Olga Albizu from Puerto Rico.
Track listing
"Sambalero" (Luiz Bonfá) – 2:08
"Só Danço Samba (I Only Dance Samba)" (Antônio Carlos Jobim/Vinicius de Moraes) – 3:36
"Insensatez (How Insensitive)" (Jobim/de Moraes) – 3:21
"O Morro Não Tem Vez" (Favela) (Jobim/de Moraes) – 6:53
"Samba de Duas Notas (Two Note Samba)" (Luiz Bonfá) – 4:18 (reference to Jobim's "One Note Samba")
"Menina Flor" (Bonfá/Maria Toledo) – 4:08
"Mania de Maria" (Bonfá/Maria Toledo) – 2:43
"Saudade Vem Correndo" (Bonfá/Maria Toledo) – 3:39
"Um Abração no Getz (A Tribute to Getz)" (Bonfá) – 4:23
"Ebony Samba – Second Version" (Bonfá) – 4:33
"Ebony Samba – First Version" (Bonfá) – 3:48 *
(bonus CD track)
Personnel
Stan Getz – tenor saxophone
Luiz Bonfá – guitar
Antônio Carlos Jobim – guitar, piano (on track 3)
George Duvivier, Tommy Williams, Don Payne – bass
Paulo Ferreira, Jose Carlos, Dave Bailey – drums
Maria Toledo except 2,4,7 and 9 – vocals (tracks 3 and 8), brief vocalise
In popular culture
The bridge of "Saudade Vem Correndo" is prominently sampled in the 1995 song "Runnin'" by hip hop group The Pharcyde, from their album Labcabincalifornia. In turn, "Runnin" is interpolated in the 2003 song "Fallen" by R&B singer Mýa, from their album Moodring. "Saudade Vem Correndo" is also sampled in the 2019 song "Make Believe" by rapper Juice WRLD, from their album Death Race for Love.
References
1963 albums
Bossa nova albums
Stan Getz albums
Verve Records albums
Albums produced by Creed Taylor
MGM Records albums
Luiz Bonfá albums
The 1960–61 Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team represented the University of Kansas during the 1960–61 college men's basketball season.
Roster
Wayne Hightower
Bill Bridges
Jerry Gardner
Nolen Ellison
Al Correll
Dee Ketchum
Butch Ellison
Ralph Heyward
Jim Dumas
Carl Deane
John Matt
Grover Marshall
Pete Woodward
John Williams
Bob Frederick
Larry Sterlin
Schedule
References
Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball seasons
Kansas
Kansas
Kansas
Radical 88 or radical father or light () meaning "father" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 10 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 87th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+7236
088
087
is the fourth addition to the Yu-Gi-Oh! anime meta-series, as well as the first main spin-off series. The plot centers around Jaden Yuki and their friends, and tells of their adventures at Duel Academy, a school that teaches students how to play the card game Duel Monsters. Season one, known as the Seven Stars Saga, covers their first year at the Academy. It was broadcast by 4Kids Entertainment as simply Yu-Gi-Oh! GX.
Summary
The first half of the season begins with Jaden arriving as a first-year student and being placed into the Slifer Red dorm. Jaden makes new friends and settles into their new life at the Academy. Despite getting low grades in class, they are recognized as a strong duelist by their peers. During the second half of the season, Jaden is selected to be one of the "Keykeepers", seven duelists who are charged with the duty of preventing the powerful Sacred Beast cards from falling into evil hands. The season ends with Jaden dueling against Zane Truesdale, the top student in the school.
Episode list
References
General
Specific
2004 Japanese television seasons
2005 Japanese television seasons
GX (season 1)
Debattama Saha is an Indian actor in Bengali and Hindi television known for their roles in E Amar Guru Dakshina, Ishaaron Ishaaron Mein and Shaurya Aur Anokhi Ki Kahani.
Early life
Debattama Saha is originally from Silchar, Assam. They have said that as a child, their mother arranged for them to train as a singer and dancer secretly, due to the objection of their father. They completed their studies from Don Bosco High School, Silchar and graduated in English Honours from Amity University, Kolkata.
Career
Saha started their career in 2016 with Colors Bangla's E Amar Gurudakshina. They played role of Shoi/Uma/Nayantara opposite Suman Dey and Biswarup Bandhopadhyay. They have also applied their training as a dancer.
In 2019, they made Hindi TV debut with Sony TV's Ishaaron Ishaaron Mein as a parallel lead role of Dr. Parineeti Ganguly opposite Mudit Nayar and Simran Pareenja. They both performed and helped choreograph the dance in the promotional video for the show.
From 2020 to 2021, they played the lead role of Anokhi Bhalla in the StarPlus television series Shaurya Aur Anokhi Ki Kahani opposite Karanvir Sharma.
In 2021, after the end of Shaurya Aur Anokhi Ki Kahani, they also sang Jo Tera Howega in which they featured with their co-star Karanvir Sharma, who also directed the video. . They were also seen in the music video Aankhein Band Karke and Mubarak Ho with Karanvir Sharma.
In 2022, they were seen as Mithai in the Zee TV television series Mithai.
Filmography
Television
Music videos
References
External links
Living people
Indian television actores
Indian soap opera actores
Actresses in Hindi television
21st-century Indian actores
Year of birth missing (living people)
The New Jersey District is one of the 35 districts of the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS) and comprises the state of New Jersey and one congregation just across the state line in Milford, Pennsylvania; five of the state's congregations are in the non-geographic English District, and five more are in the SELC District. The New Jersey District includes approximately 54 congregations and missions (the fewest of any geographic district), subdivided into 6 circuits, as well as 24 preschools and 5 elementary schools. Baptized membership in district congregations is approximately 14,000.
The New Jersey District was formed in 1972 out of part of the Atlantic District. District offices are located in Mountainside, New Jersey. The Rev. Stephen Gewecke was elected District President in 2021. Delegates from each congregation meet in convention every three years to elect the district president, three vice presidents, circuit counselors, a board of directors, and other officers.
Presidents
Rev. Walter L. Zeile, 1972–85
Rev. Donald W. Sandmann, 1985-2000
Rev. William R. Klettke, 2000-2012
Rev. Anthony J. Steinbronn, 2012–2021
Rev. Stephen Gewecke, 2021-present
References
External links
New Jersey District web site
LCMS: New Jersey District
LCMS Congregation Directory
Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod districts
Lutheranism in New Jersey
Christian organizations established in 1972
Bhadrakali Lake is a lake in Warangal, Telangana built by Ganapati Deva of Kakatiya dynasty. The lake is situated near the famous Bhadrakali Temple.
History
It was built by Ganapati Deva of Kakatiya dynasty.
Tourism
The lake is being developed into the largest Geo-Biodiversity Cultural Park – with promenades, historic caves, suspension bridges, natural trails, nesting ground and ecological reserves. Funds have also been sanctioned for strengthening the lake bund, under the HRIDAY scheme.
References
Reservoirs in Telangana
Artificial lakes of India
Jelisaveta () is a given name that may refer to:
Jelisaveta of Hungary, Queen of Serbia (d. 1313)
Jelisaveta Nemanjić, Princess of Serbia and Bosnia (d. 1331)
Jelisaveta, monastic name of Serbian Empress Jelena (d. 1374)
Jelisaveta Kotromanić, Princess of Bosnia, Queen of Hungary (d. 1387)
Jelisaveta, Princess of Serbia and Yugoslavia (b. 1936)
Jelisaveta Načić (1878-1955)
Jelisaveta Sablić (b. 1942)
Jelisaveta Veljković (b. 1951)
Jelisaveta Orašanin (b. 1988)
See also
Elizabeth (given name)
Elizabeth (disambiguation)
Elizaveta (disambiguation)
Elisaveta (disambiguation)
Carlos Fernando Orúe Vázquez (born 9 March 1952) is a Spanish football manager.
Coaching career
Born in Jerez de la Frontera, Province of Cádiz, Andalusia, Orúe started coaching with hometown club Xerez CD in 1996, in Segunda División B. They achieved promotion to Segunda División in their first season, but was sacked on 27 January 1998 after a poor run of results.
After spells at third level sides CP Cacereño and Coria CF, Orúe was appointed Cádiz CF manager in 2000. They left the following year, and joined AD Ceuta shortly after.
In 2003 Orúe was named manager of Ciudad de Murcia, and led the team to their first promotion ever to the second division. In July of that year they returned to Xerez, but was dismissed in November.
On 14 July 2004, Orúe was appointed at the helm of Rayo Vallecano, freshly relegated from division two. After failing to achieve promotion, they left the club.
On 14 March 2006, Orúe replaced sacked Ramón Calderé at Ceuta. After a subsequent spell at Racing Club Portuense, they returned to the former in 2009.
On 17 November 2011, Orúe was appointed manager at CD Leganés, and was sacked the following February. On 3 August 2013, they took over as manager of Xerez Deportivo FC of the regional leagues.
In May 2015, despite achieving two consecutive promotions, Orúe resigned after an altercation with the club's board.
References
External links
Stats and bio at Cadistas1910
1952 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Jerez de la Frontera
Spanish football managers
Segunda División managers
Xerez CD managers
CP Cacereño managers
Cádiz CF managers
AD Ceuta managers
Ciudad de Murcia managers
Rayo Vallecano managers
CD Leganés managers
Alden Arthur Knipe (June 1870 – May 22, 1950) was an American football player and coach. They served as the sixth head football coach at the University of Iowa, serving from 1898 to 1902 and compiling a record of 30–11–4. Knipe was also the first head baseball coach at Iowa, coaching two seasons from 1900 to 1901 and tallying a mark 25–8. Knipe played college football at the University of Pennsylvania. After retiring from coaching, authored numerous books for children.
Playing career
Knipe was one of the great football players of the nineteenth century. They played at the University of Pennsylvania for the legendary George Washington Woodruff. In 1893, Knipe scored a touchdown for the Penn Quakers in a game against a Walter Camp-coached Yale team. It was the first points Yale had surrendered since 1890, a span of 35 consecutive games. Some sources attribute the famous touchdown to fellow Penn halfback Winchester Osgood, not Knipe.
In 1894, Knipe was the team captain for the Quakers, leading Penn to a perfect 12–0 record. For their efforts, Knipe, a halfback and quarterback, was named as a first team All-American that season. The 1894 Penn squad featured a very talented backfield that consisted of Carl S. Williams at quarterback, George H. Brooke at fullback and Winchester Osgood and Knipe at halfback. Both Osgood and Brooke were also named first team All-American that year. Woodruff later called Knipe "the greatest player I ever coached."
Coaching career
Knipe then served for two years as an assistant coach under Woodruff at Penn while earning their degree in medicine. In 1897, Knipe moved to Iowa City. The University of Iowa offered them fifty dollars a month to coach the Hawkeye football team in 1898.
Previous Iowa coaches
Knipe was the first head football coach at Iowa to helm the football team for more than a single season, though five coaches preceded him. Iowa first recognized a varsity football team in 1889 and went without a head coach until 1892. School officials hired E. A. Dalton of Princeton University for ten days prior to the 1892 season to assemble and organize the team, making them Iowa's first head football coach.
Ben "Sport" Donnelly of Princeton was hired for two weeks prior to the 1893 season. Unlike Dalton, Donnelly was generally disliked by the Hawkeye players. As a result, Iowa turned away from Princeton and hired Roger Sherman of the University of Michigan in 1894. Sherman was the first Hawkeye coach to coach the entire season.
In 1895, Iowa nearly did not field an official team, as the school athletic board ruled that recognition would not be granted until the team paid off its debts. Emergency fundraising allowed the team to be financed and recognized, but Iowa decided not to hire a head coach in 1895. Practices were sloppy and disorganized, and Iowa stumbled to a 2–5 record and failed to score in all five losses. Iowa football would never again go without a head coach.
School officials hired Alfred E. Bull of the University of Pennsylvania to coach the 1896 squad. The 1896 Hawkeye team went 7–1–1 and won Iowa's first conference title, claiming the Western Interstate University Football Association crown in Iowa's final year in the conference. The Hawkeyes were led in scoring by Frank Holbrook, the first black football player at Iowa. Bull's success led school officials to hire more coaches from the University of Pennsylvania, including Otto Wagonhurst in 1897 and Knipe in 1898.
Early years
Knipe was a stern disciplinarian, and friction soon arose between Knipe and the older players of the 1898 team, who resented Knipe's instruction and wanted some control over what positions players played. Iowa started the 1898 season 1–4–1, and after a loss to Northern Iowa, Ralph Blackmore led the "Blackmore Revolt", in which five players quit the team. Knipe simply started younger players, including Clyde Williams and Joe Warner. These younger players would be the backbone of success to follow. Iowa closed the year 2–0–1, ending the season with a 6–5 victory over rival Nebraska. Nebraska had been a heavy favorite and was coached by Fielding H. Yost.
Iowa's finish validated Knipe, and school officials announced that Knipe would stay in Iowa City. They coached the 1899 Iowa track team in the spring and the 1899 football team that fall. Knipe guided the track team to the 1899 state championship. Before the 1899 football season, Knipe, an accomplished singer and director of Iowa's glee club, sang in a school production of the operetta The Mikado. It raised $400 for the school's athletic fund.
After a season opening win over Northern Iowa in 1899, the Hawkeyes turned their attention to heavily favored Chicago, coached by Amos Alonzo Stagg. Iowa's Billy Edson, an Iowa State transfer, scored a touchdown against Chicago, while the Maroons could muster only a field goal. Since both were scored as five points in those days, Iowa settled for a 5–5 tie. Chicago would go on to win the 1899 Western Conference title with a 12–0–2 record.
Hawkeye fans were ecstatic with the tie. Iowa would not yield another point all year, winning their last seven games by a combined score of 194–0. In Iowa's final game of the season, the Hawkeyes defeated Illinois in their first ever meeting by a 58–0 score. So outmatched were the Illini that both sides agreed to shorten the second half by ten minutes.
Less than 24 hours later, Arthur G. Smith, Iowa's football team captain in 1890, accepted on behalf of the University of Iowa an invitation for membership in the Western Conference. Iowa has participated in the Western Conference, now known as the Big Ten Conference, since 1900.
Big Ten membership
Before the 1900 season, the University of Iowa appointed Knipe to a position titled "Director of Physical Culture". Knipe oversaw all Iowa intercollegiate athletics at the time in this director of athletics role.  They are occasionally referred to as Iowa's first athletic director, though the University of Iowa does not officially recognize the position until 1910, when it was split from the head football coaching duties for the first time.
Nine starters from Iowa's undefeated 1899 team returned for the 1900 season, including Williams, Warner, Edson, John G. Griffith, Ray "Buck" Morton, and Morey Eby, captain of the 1899 squad. Griffith was appointed captain in 1900.
The Hawkeyes won their first four non-conference games by a combined score of 198–0. Chicago loomed as Iowa's first ever Western Conference opponent. Chicago had won the conference the previous year and handed Iowa its only blemish on the season in 1899. After a scoreless first half, the Hawks scored two quick touchdowns early in the second period and Iowa won, 17–0. Iowa's next game was against Michigan, the 1898 Western Conference champions, in Detroit. The Wolverines had sent scouts to watch the Iowa-Chicago game and prepare for Michigan's first ever meeting with Iowa.
Knipe had the Hawkeye players gather at Lake St. Clair outside Detroit. Knipe taught their Hawkeye team 75 new plays in one week. They completely changed their offense, which had been one of power inside running, to exploit Iowa's speed advantage running outside the tackles. The Hawkeyes led 28–0 before Michigan managed a field goal to prevent the shutout, the first points scored on Iowa in 1900. But the Hawkeyes dominated the Wolverines and won, 28–5.
A controversial tie in Iowa's last game against Northwestern was the only blemish on the 1900 season. Every member of the Iowa team except Griffith had creamed potatoes the day before the game, and Griffith was the only member of the team without severe stomach cramps the night before the game. Rumor has it that the hotel chef had a wager on the game. Iowa scored a first half touchdown against the Wildcats, but Northwestern scored a late field goal, and Iowa settled for the 5–5 tie. That was still good enough to salvage a tie for the league title with Minnesota in Iowa's first year in the conference.
Knipe, who was appointed Iowa's first director of music in 1901, put on another performance of The Mikado in the off-season. Only three starters returned in 1901, but arguably Iowa's best player, Clyde Williams, was one of them and was named team captain. The Hawkeyes won their first three games of the season before preparing to play fellow 1900 conference champion, Minnesota. 25 minutes before the game, Williams was told they were ineligible to play, because they had played professional summer baseball. A deflated Hawkeye team lost to Minnesota, 16–0, losing their first game and yielding their first touchdown in 23 games. Iowa had a 6–3 record in 1901.
Knipe had a large, early influence on Iowa athletics. They served as Iowa's coach for track and cross-country from 1899–1902, and they were Iowa's first baseball coach from 1900–1901. In addition to serving as Iowa's director of music and Iowa's director of athletics, they are the only person in the history of the university to coach four separate sports (football, track, baseball, and cross-country) simultaneously.
In 1902, Iowa's football team went 5–4, but lost to Michigan and Illinois by a combined score of 187–0. After the 1902 season, Knipe was married in Philadelphia. It was their second marriage, and some on the Athletic Board suggested to the coach that they should not marry a second time because "whispered talk such a marriage would provoke would be bad for Iowa." Regardless, Knipe did it, and they tendered their resignation after the season as well. Knipe had a five-year record of 30–11–4 at Iowa. They never coached again.
Later years and death
As an accomplished singer with a degree in medicine, Knipe chose to be neither a singer nor a doctor. While in college at Penn they had been a member of the prestigious Delta Psi fraternity, AKA St. Anthony Hall. For the next 47 years, Knipe and their wife wrote and illustrated 32 children's books. Using the pen name Timothy Shea, they wrote an adult novel, Sarah and Son, which was made into a successful motion picture of the same name for the popular Hollywood star, Ruth Chatterton. They died in New York in 1950 at age 79.
Head coaching record
Football
References
External links
1870 births
1950 deaths
19th-century players of American football
American football halfbacks
American football quarterbacks
Iowa Hawkeyes athletic directors
Iowa Hawkeyes baseball coaches
Iowa Hawkeyes football coaches
Iowa Hawkeyes track and field coaches
Penn Quakers football coaches
Penn Quakers football players
All-American college football players
"Tick Tock" is a song by English electronic music group Clean Bandit and English singer Mabel, featuring American rapper 24kGoldn. It was written by Mabel, 24kGoldn, Kamille, Grace Chatto and Jack Patterson, the latter two of whom also produced the song with Mark Ralph. It was released by Atlantic Records UK on 21 August 2020 as the first single from Clean Bandit's upcoming third studio album. The song is also included as a bonus track on digital and streaming versions of Mabel's debut studio album, High Expectations.
Background
In a Zoom interview with ITN, the group revealed that they had started writing the song in November 2019, and that the song was finished just before the lockdown due to the COVID-19 pandemic. "It's been a mad process finishing it during this time," said Jack Patterson. "And even making the video when it was still lockdown situation, and working in that environment was quite crazy." They also praised both collaborators on the song, saying that they have been "so nice to work with and just made it super easy". Grace Chatto said that the group did not meet 24kGoldn in person, as they were in Los Angeles at the time, and they did everything remotely, including the filming of their part in the music video.
Chatto explained in another interview with the Daily Star that the song is about being "obsessed" with a guy. "We wrote it just before the pandemic and I was feeling a little obsessed with a guy – you know that annoying thing where you don't wanna be obsessed but you are? And if I find myself in that situation I do something I love and something which makes me feel satisfied in another way. In lockdown I enjoyed going for walks. I found being in nature makes you see the bigger picture again."
Whilst some have suggested that the song may be inspired by the video-sharing social networking service TikTok, Jack Patterson has denied this in an interview with the Metro, and reiterated that the song is about "an obsessive relationship".
Release
On 17 August 2020, Grace Chatto of Clean Bandit announced the song through a video posted on the group's social media pages. "Our new single is ready, it's called 'Tick Tock' and features Mabel and 24kGoldn, it's out this Friday," they said. "We are so excited for you to hear it!" The single's cover art was also revealed in the Instagram post. Mabel and 24kGoldn replied to the post with a smiling face with hearts emoji and "let's goooo", respectively. Mabel also posted a short video of their lip-syncing to the song on their social media pages.
An acoustic version of the song and an acoustic video was released on 4 September 2020.
Music video
Directed solely by Clean Bandit, the official video for "Tick Tock" premiered at 1 pm BST on 21 August 2020, after a 30-second trailer was released one day prior. It takes place at a house that resembles a cuckoo clock in the middle of a forest of glaciers. It also features a bathtub full of popcorn, as well as cardboard cities with running trains surrounding various music instruments, such as drums and digital pianos.
While the song is about obsessive relationships, the music video takes a slightly different direction. Jack Patterson said that they took a lighter approach and made the video about their own individual obsessions. "I have a Hornby model of a Eurostar train spinning around me. I love all types of transport," said Patterson.
Live performances
On 29 August 2020, Clean Bandit and Mabel performed the song live during the final of the fourth series of The Voice Kids UK.
Track listing
Digital download and streaming
"Tick Tock" (featuring 24kGoldn) – 2:58
Digital download and streaming – Acoustic
"Tick Tock" (Acoustic) – 3:08
Digital download and streaming – Joel Corry Remix
"Tick Tock" (featuring 24kGoldn) (Joel Corry Remix) – 2:39
Digital download and streaming – Sam Feldt Remix
"Tick Tock" (featuring 24kGoldn) (Sam Feldt Remix) – 2:34
Digital download and streaming – UK Mix
"Tick Tock" (featuring S1mba) (UK Mix) – 2:58
Digital download and streaming – VIP Remix
"Tick Tock" (featuring Beenie Man and Konshens) (VIP Remix) – 3:00
Digital download and streaming – Topic remix
"Tick Tock" (featuring 24kGoldn) (Topic remix) – 2:32
Personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Original version
Grace Chatto – production
Jack Patterson – production
Mark Ralph – production
Mabel – vocals
Acoustic version
Ashton Miranda – production
Benjamin Totten – production
Thomas Totten – production
Mabel – vocals
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
External links
2020 singles
2020 songs
Atlantic Records singles
Clean Bandit songs
Mabel (singer) songs
Electropop ballads
Pop ballads
Songs written by Kamille (musician)
Songs written by Grace Chatto
Songs written by Jack Patterson (Clean Bandit)
Songs written by Mabel (singer)
Song recordings produced by Mark Ralph (record producer)
United Nations Security Council resolution 681, adopted unanimously on 20 December 1990, after receiving the report from the Secretary-General Javier Pérez de Cuéllar authorised in Resolution 672 (1990) regarding the riots at Temple Mount, the council expressed its concern over Israel's rejection of resolutions 672 (1990) and 673 (1990).
The Council went on to condemn Israel for its decision to resume the deportation of Palestinians from the occupied territories, urging the Israeli government to accept the de jure applicability of the Fourth Geneva Convention of 1949 and abide by it. Israel said they were deported for "inciting violence".
Resolution 681 went on to request the Secretary-General, in accordance with their recommendation in the report, to examine possible measures that may be taken by him, the High Contracting Parties of the Fourth Convention and the International Committee of the Red Cross, under the convention, reporting to the council the progress of discussions. It also required the Secretary-General to continue to monitor the situation in the area, reporting back in the first week of March 1991 and every four weeks thereafter.
The resolution was passed during tensions regarding the invasion of Kuwait by Iraq, with which Saddam Hussein had been attempting to link the resolution of the Kuwaiti problem with a solution to the Palestinian issue.
See also
Arab–Israeli conflict
First Intifada
Israeli–Palestinian conflict
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
References
0681
0681
Israeli–Palestinian conflict and the United Nations
December 1990 events
Joseph Anthony Schauers (May 27, 1909 – October 18, 1987) was an American rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In 1932 they won the gold medal as member of the American boat in the coxed pairs competition.
External links
profile
1909 births
1987 deaths
American male rowers
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in rowing
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
The R3 is a ring road around the city of Charleroi, Belgium. It is about 33 km long, with 2 lanes in each direction on most of its length and short sections with 2 + 3 lanes. While Charleroi is one of only few Belgian cities with a complete ring road, the R3 road only covers the western, southern and eastern portions of the ring, the northern part being covered by the A15 motorway.
The speed limit is on the entire length, except in some tunnels and on the Couillet viaduct, where the limit is lower.
History
The R3 was opened in phases from 1983 till 1988.
1983: Châtelineau - Heppignies.
1984: Marcinelle (Hublinbu) - Châtelineau.
1985: Gouy-lez-Piéton - Trazegnies.
1987: Fontaine l'Evêque - Montigny-le-Tilleul.
1988: Trazegnies - Fontaine l'Evêque.
Course and exit list
References
Wegen-Routes
Autosnelwegen.net
R3
Transport in Charleroi
Ring roads in Belgium
There are 13 stadiums in use by Florida Complex League baseball teams, all located in Florida. The oldest is Publix Field at Joker Marchant Stadium (1966) in Lakeland, home of the Tigers. The newest stadium is CoolToday Park (2019) in North Port, the home field of the Braves. Three stadiums were built in the 1960s, one in the 1970s, and three in each of the 1980s, 1990s, and 2010s. The highest seating capacity is 11,000 at the Yankees' George M. Steinbrenner Field; the lowest capacity is 500 at the Carpenter Complex, where the Phillies play. All stadiums have a grass surface.
Stadiums
{|class="wikitable sortable plainrowheaders"
|-
! Name
! Team(s)
! Location
! Opened
! Capacity
! class="unsortable" | Ref(s)
|-
! scope="row" | Bobby Mattick Training Center at Englebert Complex
| FCL Blue Jays
| Dunedin
| 1978
| align="right" | 5,500
|
|-
! scope="row" | Carpenter Complex
| FCL Phillies
| Clearwater
| 1967
| align="right" | 500
|
|-
! scope="row" | Charlotte Sports Park
| FCL Rays
| Port Charlotte
| 1988
| align="right" | 7,000
|
|-
! scope="row" | Clover Park
| FCL Mets
| Port St. Lucie
| 1988
| align="right" | 7,160
|
|-
! scope="row" | CoolToday Park
| FCL Braves
| North Port
| 2019
| align="right" | 9,500
|
|-
! scope="row" | Ed Smith Stadium
| FCL Orioles
| Sarasota
| 1989
| align="right" | 8,340
|
|-
! scope="row" | FITTEAM Ballpark of the Palm Beaches
| FCL Astros Blue/OrangeFCL Nationals
| West Palm Beach
| 2017
| align="right" | 6,500
|
|-
! scope="row" | George M. Steinbrenner Field
| FCL Yankees
| Tampa
| 1996
| align="right" | 11,000
|
|-
! scope="row" | JetBlue Park at Fenway South
| FCL Red Sox
| Fort Myers
| 2012
| align="right" | 8,000
|
|-
! scope="row" | Lee County Sports Complex
| FCL Twins
| Fort Myers
| 1991
| align="right" | 7,500
|
|-
! scope="row" | Pirate City
| FCL Pirates
| Bradenton
| 1969
| align="right" | 7,500
|
|-
! scope="row" | Publix Field at Joker Marchant Stadium
| FCL Tigers
| Lakeland
| 1966
| align="right" | 8,500
|
|-
! scope="row" | Roger Dean Stadium
| FCL CardinalsFCL Marlins
| Jupiter
| 1998
| align="right" | 7,200
|
|}
Map
Gallery
See also
List of Arizona Complex League stadiums
References
External links
Florida Complex League
Florida Complex League stadiums
The Chrysler Pacifica is a mid-size crossover produced by Chrysler from 2003 to 2007, for the model years 2004 to 2008.
The Pacifica was the first jointly engineered product of the 1998 DaimlerChrysler "merger of equals."
Chrysler developed the vehicle in 30 months at a cost below $1 billion. The CUV was inspired by the 1999 Chrysler Pacifica and 2000 Chrysler Citadel concept cars. The production model was first introduced at the 2002 New York International Auto Show. Chrysler marketed the Pacifica as a "sports-tourer," building the vehicle at the Windsor Assembly Plant, alongside the long-wheelbase minivans from January 2003 through November 2007. The "Pacifica" name was briefly used as a trim package on the Dodge Daytona for 1987–1988 after the Chrysler Laser was discontinued.
In January 2016, the Pacifica name was revived for a 2017 model year minivan, which debuted at the North American International Auto Show as a replacement for the Chrysler Town & Country.
Model year changes
2004
Initially, the Pacifica came in just one trim level.
2005 and 2006
Starting in 2005, the Pacifica was expanded into four trim levels: Base, Touring, Limited, and a special-edition Signature Series. The interior was also slightly restyled. Faux wood trim came standard in Pacifica Touring and Limited models, while the base-model "Pacifica" (later Pacifica LX), offered interior colored plastic trim. Signature Series models had metal clad interior trim and two-tone leather seats.
2007
The Pacifica's exterior was slightly restyled for 2007, including its headlights, hood, fenders, grille, front fascia and wheels. The brand new 4.0 L SOHC V6 engine was added, to complement the standard 3.8 L EGH V6. With the addition of the new engine and transmission, Dual Exhaust was added. New options included a rearview camera incorporated into the navigation system, stain, odor, and static-resistant seat fabric and new wheel options.
2008 (discontinuation)
Chrysler announced on November 1, 2007 discontinuation of the Pacifica, producing the last Pacifica that same month. The final Pacifica rolled off the assembly line on November 23, 2007.
Description
Powertrain
The Pacifica crossovers were equipped with "Autostick" transaxles, Chrysler's version of a manually controlled automatic transmission. Other features include five-link rear suspension, self-leveling rear shock absorbers, and variable assist rack-and-pinion steering. The Pacifica offered a towing capacity of .
At first, Pacifica was powered by a 3.5-liter V6 with and of torque. Reviewers faulted the gruff engine, which was barely up to the task of battling the Pacifica's formidable mass, especially on fully loaded all-wheel-drive models. The 3.5-liter V6 with and was standard on all but the base front-wheel-drive model in 2005 using the 3.8-liter V6. The 3.8-liter V6 with 210 horsepower and was eliminated for 2006, leaving the 3.5-liter unit as the sole available engine. For 2007, the 3.8-liter engine returned in the base front-wheel-drive model, this time rated at , and a new 4.0-liter V6 replaced the 3.5-liter V6 in all other models. The 4.0-liter engine produced and and was mated with a new six-speed automatic transmission (the base engine continued with the four-speed unit) which allowed a respectable 0-60 mph time of 7.4 seconds.
Safety
In 2006 the Chrysler Pacifica won an award from the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety as the "best pick frontal". In 2007, the Pacifica won a five-star front and side crash test rating. The Pacifica received this award for being equipped with traction control, four wheel disc brakes with anti-lock braking system, all-row side curtain airbags, Electronic Stability Program, and tire pressure monitoring system.
Features
During the first model year, Pacificas were equipped lavishly and were expensive as a result, as they included costly luxury features such as a navigation system, DVD entertainment system, and a load-leveling suspension. In later model years, additional trim and equipment levels were added.
Third row seating was standard on all but the entry-level Pacificas released after 2004. Front row seats featured an eight-way power driver seat and four-way power passenger seat on all standard Pacificas. The Limited and Touring included a ten-way power seat for the driver. The Pacifica could be optioned with a seating preference memory system that also controlled mirrors and pedals. Seats were available with stain and odor resistant fabric or leather on all seats and six different fabric designs. Cargo space was with the second and third rows folded.
All Pacifica models came with AM/FM radio along with CD player and a seven speaker, 200-watt Infinity audio system. Limited models came with a year subscription of Sirius satellite radio, 6-disc DVD player capable of playing MP3, DVD audio, DVD video, DVD-R and DVD-RW discs, and an available eight-speaker 385-watt Infinity "Intermezzo" audio system with subwoofer. Standard models included dual-zone manual temperature control while the Limited and Touring offered automatic temperature control system. Limited and Touring models offered an available navigation system, along with an optional rear-view camera. A hands-free communication system was also available. All trims featured power windows and door locks, remote keyless entry, and a full array of safety equipment.
Trim levels
All editions were available in front-wheel drive or all-wheel drive.
Base • 2004–2007 - Included: cloth upholstery, power locks and mirrors, power windows with automatic driver's side window, four 12V power outlets, keyless entry, power front seats, and an AM/FM stereo with single-CD player, steering wheel controls, and 200 watt 7 speaker infinity system.
LX • 2008 - Included: 3.8L V6 on FWD models, 4.0L V6 on AWD, cloth upholstery, power seats with heated front row seats, an AM/FM stereo with single-CD player and 6 speakers, keyless entry, security alarm, and power locks, windows with automatic driver's side window.
Touring • 2005–2008 - Added: premium cloth or leather-trimmed upholstery, electronic vehicle information control, universal garage door opener, leather wrapped shift knob, storage bin, and an AM/FM radio with single-disc CD/DVD video/audio with MP3 capability, and 200-watt Infinity system with 7 speakers.
Limited • 2005–2008 - Added: leather upholstery, floor mats, power mirrors with auto-dimming driver's mirror, a sunroof, cargo net, memory drivers seat, pedals and radio presets, leather-wrapped steering wheel, and an AM/FM stereo with in dash 6-disc CD/DVD changer with MP3 capability, SIRIUS Satellite Radio, and 200 watt Infinity sound system with 7 speakers.
Signature Series • 2005–2008
Reception
The Pacifica was the first jointly engineered product of the 1998 Chrysler-DaimlerBenz "merger of equals."
Chrysler developed the vehicle in 30 months at a cost below $1 billion.
Parent DaimlerChrysler's other entry in the luxury SUV market, the M-Class (badged as the ML) appeared to be a rushed engineering job from the Mercedes-Benz truck division yet it was a great success, leading to the second-generation M-Class that used a crossover instead of a light truck platform.
DaimlerChrysler heavily touted the Pacifica as the next "big thing" in the fledgling crossover market, forecasting sales of 100,000 per year. These estimations proved to be wildly optimistic, as sales never came close to expectations. There was stiff competition from other luxury crossovers like the Lexus RX and BMW X5; the RX was the volume leader and widely considered the benchmark for the class. Despite the Mercedes-like interior and other Mercedes-derived technologies, however, the Pacifica may have been overpriced for its marque, as general public perception did not consider Chrysler a luxury brand like BMW, Lexus, and Mercedes-Benz. Indeed, DaimlerChrysler was reluctant to heavily promote the fact that the Pacifica (as well as several other jointly engineered vehicles such as the Crossfire and 300) featured technologies from its Mercedes division due to fear of cannibalization, as Benz vehicles had much higher prices and profits than their Chrysler equivalents. A three-year, multimillion-dollar contract was signed with singer Celine Dion in 2003, with advertisements designed to reposition Chrysler as a premium marque. However, the promotional campaign was widely considered a flop and so DaimlerChrysler ended it just one year later. Ending up, however, DaimlerChrysler lost money on every Pacifica sold, as it used a modified minivan platform, but it didn't have any interior commonality with other Chrysler, Dodge or Jeep vehicles.
Positioned as a large crossover, the Pacifica was designed to combine the convenience of a minivan, the elevated position of an SUV, and the handling of a sedan, as the minivan's popularity was being eclipsed by the SUV which in turn lost favor due to high gas prices. Compared to traditional (light truck-based) luxury sport utility vehicles such as the Lincoln Navigator, the Pacifica had less heavy cargo-hauling and towing capacity but otherwise it was superior in handling, comfort, interior, and amenities. Crossovers with three-row seating tend to be inferior to minivans in passenger room; the Pacifica was no exception as its third-row seats were considered too small compared to that of the Chrysler Town & Country which was less expensive and more fuel-efficient. However other luxury automakers have no minivans in most of their lineups which avoids cannibalization of the sales of their large crossovers, so it didn't help that the Pacifica inevitably drew comparisons to the Town & Country. Furthermore, DaimlerChrysler was unable to convince the public that the Pacifica was a pioneer of new category of vehicle, as consumers preferred more traditional SUV-style crossovers, and they faced the same problem with the release of the 2006 Mercedes-Benz R-Class in 2005. Like the Pacifica the R-Class is supposed to share the attributes of the minivan, SUV, and a wagon, and despite the R-Class being more upscale and sophisticated (based on a rear-wheel drive platform) with a better executed launch (while the Pacifica was plagued with production and marketing flaws), it has sold poorly compared to the GLK and M-Classes.
The Pacifica was widely praised for its carlike ride and handling, as its sophisticated suspension soaked up the bumps well, while the steering was fairly crisp and linear. However the 2004-06 model years of the Pacifica were fuel thirsty and vastly underpowered considering its hefty weight, with its weak 250 hp 3.5-liter V6 and aging four-speed automatic transmission, which gave poor performance considering the price of this vehicle. This was only rectified in 2007 with a new V6 engine and a new six-speed automatic which was nonetheless too late to salvage sales. Throughout its lifetime there were few engine options, yet despite client requests there was never an available Hemi or SRT version like the 2005 Chrysler 300.
Reliability
The initial production models of the Pacifica gave the nameplate a bad reputation, due to poor mechanical reliability of the transmission and engine, liner and interior flaws, electrical glitches, and low build quality. Furthermore, Chrysler was slow to react in fixing these problems.
Total Sales
Notes
References
External links
Official site by Chrysler
Pacifica World forums
Chrysler Pacifica Owners & Fan Club
Pacifica
Cars introduced in 2003
Mid-size sport utility vehicles
Crossover sport utility vehicles
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
All-wheel-drive vehicles
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Imphal () is an archdiocese located in the city of Imphal in India.
History
29 January 1973: Established as Diocese of Kohima–Imphal from the Diocese of Dibrugarh
28 March 1980: Established as Diocese of Imphal from the Diocese of Kohima–Imphal
10 July 1995: Promoted as Metropolitan Archdiocese of Imphal
Leadership
Archbishops of Imphal (Latin Rite)
Archbishop Dominic Lumon (12 July 2006 – present)
Archbishop Joseph Mittathany (10 July 1995 – 12 July 2006)
Bishops of Imphal (Latin Rite)
Bishop Joseph Mittathany (later Archbishop) (28 March 1980 – 10 July 1995)
Suffragan dioceses
Kohima
References
External links
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Roman Catholic dioceses in India
Christianity in Manipur
Christian organizations established in 1980
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
1980 establishments in Manipur
Koninkrijksdag (, ,
West Frisian: Keninkryksdei) is the commemoration of the signing of the Charter for the Kingdom of the Netherlands on 15 December 1954 in Aruba, Curaçao, the Netherlands, and Sint Maarten. When 15 December falls on a Sunday, the commemoration takes place on Monday 16 December. Kingdom Day is, unlike Koningsdag (), not an official national holiday, but government buildings are instructed to fly the flag of the Netherlands.
The charter was signed by Queen Juliana on 15 December 1954. The charter deals with the relation between the Netherlands and the overseas territories, the Netherlands Antilles, Netherlands New Guinea and Suriname. As of 2010, the charter governs the relationships between the Netherlands, Aruba (since 1986), Curaçao and Sint Maarten (since 2010).
Since 2005, the Koninkrijksconcert () is annually held on 15 December, to celebrate the relationship between the Netherlands, the Netherlands Antilles, and Aruba. At the concerts, that were held in respectively Dordrecht, Amersfoort, Nijmegen, and Curaçao, musical artists from all over the kingdom have performed.
In 2008, Naturalisatiedag () in the Kingdom of the Netherlands was moved from 24 August, the day on which the Constitution of the Netherlands was signed, to 15 December, which has a symbolic meaning for all constituent countries of the kingdom. On Naturalisation Day, newly naturalized citizens officially receive their Dutch citizenship.
References
Dutch monarchy
Public holidays in the Netherlands
December observances
Sailaab may refer to:
Sailaab (1956 film), a Hindi film
Sailaab (1990 film), a Bollywood suspense thriller film
Sailaab (TV series), an Indian television series
The Commander-in-Chief, The Nore, was an operational commander of the Royal Navy. Their subordinate units, establishments, and staff were sometimes informally known as the Nore Station or Nore Command. The Nore is a sandbank at the mouth of the Thames Estuary and River Medway.
History
The origins of the Commander-in-Chief's post can be traced to the first area naval commander, then known as the Commander-in-Chief, Thames from 1695 to 1696.
From 1698 to 1699 the appointment was known as Commander-in-Chief, Medway. In 1707 the post holder was known as Commander-in-Chief, Thames and Medway and between 1711 and 1745 the office was known as the Commander-in-Chief, Thames, Medway and Nore. In 1745 the post for the first time was simply called the Commander-in-Chief, Nore established at Chatham and became responsible for sub-commands at Chatham, London less the Admiralty, Sheerness, Harwich and Humber. A. Cecil Hampshire writes that in 1752 Isaac Townsend, Admiral of the Blue, was appointed as "Commander-in-Chief of HM Ships and Naval Vessels in the Rivers Thames and Medway and at the Buoy of the Nore."
From 1827 the Commander-in-Chief was accommodated in Admiralty House, Sheerness, built as part of the renewal of Sheerness Dockyard. From 1834 to 1899 their appointment was known as the Commander-in-Chief, Sheerness.
After the dissolution of the Home Fleet in 1905, remaining ships at a lesser state of readiness were split between three reserve divisions: Nore Division plus the Devonport Division and the Portsmouth Division. In 1909 the division was brought out of reserve status, and became operational as part of the 3rd and 4th Division of the Home Fleet.
In 1907 the Commander-in-Chief moved to a new Admiralty House alongside the naval barracks (HMS Pembroke) in Chatham, the Sheerness house being given over to the Commander-in-Chief, Home Fleet. The Dover Patrol, Harwich Force, and Humber Force operated in the Channel during the First World War, but were responsible to the Admiralty in London; the Nore was effectively a provider of shore support rather than a command with operational responsibilities.
In 1938 an underground Area Combined Headquarters was built close to Admiralty House to accommodate the Commander-in-Chief together with the Air Officer Commanding No. 16 Group RAF, Coastal Command, and their respective staffs; similar headquarters were built close to the other Royal Dockyards. During the Second World War, the Nore assumed great importance: it was used to guard the east coast convoys supplying the ports of North Eastern England.
During the Second World War, the Commander-in-Chief at the Nore, at Chatham, included eight sub commands, each of which usually commanded by a Flag Officer either a Rear Admiral or Vice Admiral. They included Brightlingsea station, Harwich, Humber, London (not including the Admiralty), Lowestoft, Sheerness, Southend and Yarmouth. These sub-commands were then sub-divided into Base areas usually commanded by a Naval Officer in Charge (NOIC) or a Residential Naval Officer (RNO) these included HM Naval Bases at Boston, Burnham-on-Crouch, Felixstowe, Gravesend, Grimsby, Immingham, and Queensborough.
With the onset of the Cold War, the Nore diminished in importance as the navy decreased in size. Between 1952 and 1961 the Commander-in-Chief, The Nore was double-hatted as Commander, Nore Sub-Area, of NATO's Allied Command Channel.
Cecil Hampshire writes that the appointment of Commander-in-Chief finally lapsed as part of the "Way Ahead" economies. The closing ceremony took place on 24 March 1961, when the station's Queen's Colour was formally laid up in the presence of members of the Admiralty Board, several former Commanders-in-Chief, other civilian and military figures, "..and the Commander-in-Chief of the Netherlands Home Station flying their flag in the new Dutch destroyer Limburg who had been invited to attend." The Commander-in-Chief's appointment was finally discontinued on 31 March 1961. Cecil Hampshire writes that from 1 April 1961, the area was divided between the Commander-in-Chief Portsmouth and the Flag Officer Scotland and Northern Ireland, the demarcation line being "roughly at The Wash." For purposes of administration from that date onward, the Admiral Superintendent Chatham also took the title of Flag Officer Medway.
The underground headquarters went on to serve as HMS Wildfire, a Royal Naval Reserve training and communications centre, from 1964 to 1994.
Installations
Chatham
Chatham Dockyard was a Dockyard located on the River Medway in Kent. Established in Chatham in the mid-16th century, the dockyard subsequently expanded into neighbouring Gillingham. At its most extensive, in the early 20th century, two-thirds of the dockyard lay in Gillingham, one-third in Chatham. The senior officer was a Captain-Superintendent, Chatham Dockyard or the Admiral-superintendent Chatham
In the early 20th century the Rear Admiral Commanding, Chatham Sheerness Reserve Division, was established and became responsible eventually to the Commander-in-Chief, Home Fleet(s). Post holders included Rear Admirals Walter Hodgson Bevan Graham, 3 January 1905 – 3 January 1906; Charles H. Adair 3 January 1906 – 3 January 1907; and Frank Finnis 3 January 1907 – 4 January 1909.
The Royal Naval Barracks, Chatham were purpose-built to provide accommodation and training facilities for the men of the reserve fleet who were waiting to be appointed to ships. Designed by Colonel Henry Pilkington, construction of the barracks began in 1897 and completed in December 1902.
Sheerness Dockyard
Sheerness Dockyard was a Royal Navy Dockyard located on the Sheerness peninsula, at the mouth of the River Medway in Kent. It was opened in the 1660s and closed in 1960.
It was directed by the Admiral-Superintendent, Sheerness.
Sub-areas during First and Second World Wars
At various times during the First and Second World Wars, up to nine sub-areas were established. These were usually administered by either a retired vice or rear admiral, or an active captain, who were appointed as Senior Naval Officers or Flag Officers.<ref name="Niehorster 2016"
Other installations:
Seagoing formations
Various units that served in this command included:
Commanders-in-Chief
Commanders-in-Chief have included:
Commander-in-Chief Thames (1695–1696)
Commodore Stafford Fairborne 1695
Commodore James Gother 1696
Commander-in-Chief, Medway, (1698–1699)
Vice-Admiral Sir John Jennings, 1698–1699
Commander-in-Chief, Thames and Medway, (1707–1711)
Vice-Admiral Sir John Jennings, (1707–1711) (promoted to Admiral 1708)
Commander-in-Chief, Thames, Medway and Nore, (1711–1745)
Rear-Admiral Sir Thomas Hardy, 1711–1712
Rear-Admiral William Caldwell, 1717
Vice Admiral Sir Chaloner Ogle 1745
Commander-in-Chief, Nore, (1745–1747)
Post holders included:
Vice-Admiral Edward Durnford King 1745–1747
Commander-in-Chief, Medway and at the Nore, (1747–1797)
Rear-Admiral Henry Osborne (1747–1748) (V.Adm May 1748)
Vice-Admiral Sir Francis Geary (1757–1758)
Commodore William Boys (1760–1761)
Commodore William Gordon (1762–1765)
Commodore Christopher Hill (1770–1771)
Vice-Admiral Sir Peter Denis (1771–1775)
Vice-Admiral Edward Vernon (1775–1776)
Vice-Admiral Robert Roddam (1778–1783)
Vice-Admiral Sir Walter Stirling (1783–1785)
Vice-Admiral Sir Andrew Hammond (1785–1788)
Vice-Admiral Richard Edwards (1788–1792)
Vice-Admiral William Locker (1792–1794)
Rear-Admiral John Dalrymple (1794–1795)
Vice-Admiral Sir George Collier (January 1795 – April 1795)
Vice-Admiral Charles Buckner (1795–1797)
Commander-in-Chief, Nore, (1797–1834)
Post holders included:
Vice-Admiral Skeffington Lutwidge (1797–1798)
Vice-Admiral Sir Thomas Pasley (1798–1799)
Vice-Admiral Alexander Graeme (1799–1803)
Vice-Admiral Lord Keith (1803–1807) (formed part of North Sea Command)
Vice-Admiral Thomas Wells (1807–1810)
Vice-Admiral Sir Henry Stanhope (1810–1811)
Vice-Admiral Sir Thomas Williams (1811–1814)
Vice-Admiral Sir Charles Rowley (1815–1818)
Vice-Admiral Sir John Gore (1818–1821)
Vice-Admiral Sir Benjamin Hallowell (1821–1824)
Vice-Admiral Sir Robert Moorsom (1824)
Vice-Admiral Sir Henry Blackwood (1827–1830)
Vice-Admiral Sir John Beresford (1830–1833)
Vice-Admiral Sir Richard King (1833–1834)
Commander-in-Chief, Sheerness, (1834–1899)
Post holders included:
Vice-Admiral Charles Elphinstone Fleeming (1834–1837)
Vice-Admiral Sir Robert Otway (1837–1840)
Vice-Admiral Sir Henry Digby (1840–1841)
Vice-Admiral Sir Edward Brace (1841–1844)
Vice-Admiral Sir John White (1844–1845)
Vice-Admiral Sir Edward Durnford King (1845–1848)
Vice-Admiral Sir George Elliot (1848–1851)
Vice-Admiral Josceline Percy (1851–1854)
Vice-Admiral William Gordon (1854–1857)
Vice-Admiral Sir Edward Harvey (1857–1860)
Vice-Admiral Sir William Hope-Johnstone (1860–1863)
Vice-Admiral Sir George Lambert (1863–1864)
Vice-Admiral Sir Charles Talbot (1864–1866)
Vice-Admiral Sir Baldwin Walker (1866–1869)
Vice-Admiral Richard Warren (1869–1870)
Vice-Admiral Sir Charles Elliot (1870–1873)
Vice-Admiral George Hastings (1873–1876)
Vice-Admiral Sir Henry Chads (1876–1877)
Vice-Admiral Sir William King-Hall (1877–1879)
Vice-Admiral Sir Reginald Macdonald (1879–1882)
Vice-Admiral Sir Edward Rice (1882–1884)
Vice-Admiral Sir John Corbett (1884–1885)
Vice-Admiral The Prince of Leiningen (1885–1887)
Vice-Admiral Charles Waddilove (1887–1888)
Vice-Admiral Thomas Lethbridge (1888–1890)
Vice-Admiral Charles Curme (1890–1892)
Vice-Admiral Sir Algernon Heneage (1892–1894)
Vice-Admiral Sir Richard Wells (1894–1896)
Vice-Admiral Sir Henry Nicholson (1896–1897)
Vice-Admiral Sir Charles Hotham (1897–1899)
Commander-in-Chief, Nore, (1899–1961)
Post holders included:
Vice-Admiral Sir Nathaniel Bowden-Smith (1899–1900)
Vice-Admiral Sir William Kennedy (1900–1901)
Vice-Admiral Sir Albert Markham (1901–1903)
Admiral Sir Hugo Pearson (1903–1907)
Admiral Sir Gerard Noel (1907–1908)
Admiral Sir Charles Drury (1908–1911)
Admiral Sir Richard Poore (1911–1915)
Admiral Sir George Callaghan (1915–1918)
Admiral Sir Doveton Sturdee (1918–1921)
Admiral Sir Hugh Evan-Thomas (1921–1924)
Vice Admiral Sir William Goodenough (1924–1927)
Admiral Sir Edwyn Alexander-Sinclair (1927–1930)
Admiral Sir Reginald Tyrwhitt (1930–1933)
Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Tweedie (1933–1935)
Vice Admiral Sir Edward Evans (1935–1939)
Admiral Sir Studholme Brownrigg (January 1939 – December 1939)
Admiral Sir Reginald Plunkett (1939–1941)
Admiral Sir George Lyon (1941–1943)
Admiral Sir John Tovey (1943–1946)
Admiral Sir Harold Burrough (1946–1948)
Admiral Sir Henry Moore (1948–1950)
Admiral Sir Cecil Harcourt (1950–1952)
Admiral Sir Cyril Douglas-Pennant (1952–1953)
Admiral Sir Geoffrey Oliver (1953–1955)
Admiral Sir Frederick Parham (1955–1958)
Admiral Sir Robin Durnford-Slater (1958–1961)
Senior staff officers
Flag Captain, the Nore
Post holders supporting the senior naval officer at the Nore included:
Captain William G. Luard: July 1860 – July 1863
Captain John Fulford: July 1863 – April 1866
Captain Donald McL. Mackenzie: April 1866 – June 1869
Captain Thomas Miller: June 1869 – June 1870
Captain John C. Wilson: June 1870 – January 1872
Captain George W. Watson: January 1872 – January 1875
Captain Charles T. Curme: January 1875 – February 1876
Captain St. George C. D'Arcy-Irvine: February 1876 – September 1877
Captain Thomas B. Lethbridge: September 1877 – January 1879
Captain Thomas B.M. Sulivan: January 1879 – July 1881
Captain John D'Arcy: July 1881 – September 1883
Captain James A. Poland: September 1883 – September 1886
Captain Frederick C.B. Robinson: September 1886 – July 1887
Captain Arthur C. Curtis: July 1887 – July 1890
Captain Leicester C. Keppel: July 1890 – August 1892
Captain Henry H. Boys: August 1892 – October 1894
Captain William H.C. St.Clair: October 1894 – February 1896
Captain James L. Hammet: February 1896 – January 1898
Captain William F.S. Mann: January 1898 – July 1899
Captain Charles Campbell: July–October 1899
Captain Henry C. Bigge: October 1899 – February 1901
Captain Archibald Y. Pocklington: February 1901 – December 1902
Captain Arthur Y. Moggridge: January 1907 – April 1908
Captain Clement Greatorex: April–December 1908
Captain Henry J. L. Clarke: December 1908 – August 1911
Captain Philip H. Colomb: August 1911 – January 1915
Captain Ernest A. Taylor: January 1915 – May 1916
Captain William Bowden-Smith: May–July 1916
Captain Alexander V. Campbell: July 1916 – April 1918
Captain Cecil M. Staveley: April–October 1918
Chief of Staff, the Nore
Post holders supporting the CINC, Nore included:
Captain Theobald W.B. Kennedy: October 1918 – May 1921
Captain Wilfred Tomkinson: May 1921 – June 1923
Captain Herbert W.W. Hope: June 1923 – December 1924
Captain the Hon. William S. Leveson-Gower: December 1924 – May 1927
Captain the Hon. E. Barry S. Bingham: May 1927 – May 1929
Captain Douglas B. Le Mottee: May 1929 – May 1931
Captain Reginald V. Holt: May 1931 – August 1933
Captain Hector Boyes: August 1933 – November 1934
Captain Robert B. Ramsay: November 1934 – December 1935
Captain Reginald B. Darke: December 1935 – August 1937
Captain Philip Esmonde Phillips: August 1937 – July 1938
Captain the Hon. George Fraser: July 1938 – May 1940
Rear-Admiral Alfred H. Taylor: May 1940 – March 1943
Commodore George H. Creswell: March–October 1943
Commodore Robert G.H. Linzee: October 1943 – April 1946
Captain Albert L. Poland: April 1946 – July 1948
Captain Lennox A. K. Boswell: July 1948 – May 1949
Captain Arthur M. Knapp: May 1949 – June 1951
Captain Herbert F.H. Layman: June 1951 – January 1953
Captain Ronald E. Portlock: January 1953 – December 1954
Captain John A. W. Tothill: December 1954 – July 1956
Captain William A.F. Hawkins: July 1956 – December 1957
Captain Roger B.N. Hicks: December 1957 – April 1960
Captain Barry J. Anderson: April 1960 – March 1961
Offices under the Chief of Staff
Included:
Notes
External links
Unit Histories, RN Nore
British and Other Navies in World War 2 Day-by-Day by Don Kindell (Operational Units Active 1940)
N
Military units and formations established in 1752
Military units and formations disestablished in 1961
Military units and formations of the Royal Navy in World War I
Military units and formations of the Royal Navy in World War II
Clover Falls, also known in the past as Upper Hemlock Falls, is a waterfall from the Hemlock Creek, in the heart of the Umpqua National Forest, just north of Hemlock Lake and its campground, in Douglas County, Oregon. Access to Clover Falls is from the Lake of the Woods campground. The waterfall is located in a privileged natural area where the river creates several waterfalls; Hemlock Falls, Yakso Falls, and Tributary Falls are within a mile distance.
Trail
The trail to Clover Falls is approximately out and back. The waterfall is about from the unincorporated community of Glide along Little River Road (County Road 17), which becomes Forest Road 27. The trailhead is located on the Lake of the Woods campground and, unlike neighboring waterfalls, the Clover Falls trail does not have signs announcing the waterfall along the trail.
See also
List of waterfalls in Oregon
References
Waterfalls of Douglas County, Oregon
Ashwood School may refer to:
Ashwood High School, public high school in Ashwood, Victoria
Ashwood School, Melbourne, specialist school in Ashwood, Victoria
Ashwood School, Virginia, historic school building in Hot Springs, Virginia
Nanty Perfedd is an area in the community of Moelfre, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 137.6 miles (221.5 km) from Cardiff and 216.3 miles (348.1 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Akassa is a settlement at the southernmost tip of Nigeria in Bayelsa State where the Nun River estuary meets the Atlantic Ocean. It has a lighthouse that has stood since 1910.
The proximity of Akassa to the Atlantic has made it a traditional trading site in Nigeria and during British colonial years it was the site of an outpost of the Royal Niger Company. Taxes imposed by the company on local peoples caused the settlement at Akassa to be attacked in 1895.
In the heart of the Niger Delta, habitation in the general region is sandwiched between salt water and the brackish water of mangrove swamps and most locals make their living from fishing or small scale trading, or by providing services to multi-national oil companies active in the area. There are few roads and no electricity. Health and educational facilities are few and most people do not have access to clean water.
More recently, the Akassa Development Foundation was formed in conjunction with Pro-Natura International, Statoil and BP to build local capacity.
Climate
Akassa has a tropical rainforest climate (Af) with heavy to very heavy rainfall year-round.
See also
Akassa Tribe
References
Ijaw
Populated places in Bayelsa State
The IBM Leapfrog is a tablet computer prototype by IBM. It was designed by Sam Lucente and Richard Sapper. It is part of the collection of the Museum of Modern Art. It won the Compasso d'Oro in 1994. When the tablet computer was announced, it was mistakenly described by design magazines as a product that could be bought.
References
External links
Video of the Leapfrog
IBM laptops
Prototypes
Kosciusko County ( ) is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. At the 2020 United States Census, its population was 80,240. The county seat (and only incorporated city) is Warsaw.
The county was organized in 1836. It was named for the Polish general Tadeusz Kościuszko who served in the American Revolutionary War and then returned to Poland. The county seat is named for Warsaw, the capital of Poland.
History
The Indiana State Legislature passed an omnibus county bill on 7 February 1835 that authorized the creation of thirteen counties in northeast Indiana, including Kosciusko. The county government was organized beginning in 1836. The county's boundary lines have remained unchanged since 1835.
Geographical features
Kosciusko County terrain consists of low rolling hills dotted with bodies of water and drainages, with all available area devoted to agriculture or urban development. Its highest point (1025'/312 meters ASL) is a hill NE of Dewart Lake. The Tippecanoe River flows westward through the central part of the county, while the Eel River flows southwestward through the county's SE corner.
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 95.85%) is land and (or 4.15%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Elkhart County - north
Noble County - northeast
Whitley County - southeast
Wabash County - south
Fulton County - southwest
Marshall County - west
Major highways
U.S. Route 30
Indiana State Road 10
Indiana State Road 13
Indiana State Road 14
Indiana State Road 15
Indiana State Road 19
Indiana State Road 25
Lakes
Banning Lake
Beaver Dam Lake
Big Barbie Lake
Big Chapman Lake
Carr Lake
Center Lake
Dewart Lake
Diamond Lake
Fish Lake
Goose Lake
Hoffman Lake
Hill Lake
Irish Lake
James Lake
Kuhn Lake
Lake Wawasee
Little Barbee Lake
Little Chapman Lake
Loon Lake
McClures Lake
Muskellunge Lake
Palestine Lake
Papakeechie Lake
Pike Lake
Ridinger Lake
Rock Lake (part)
Sechrist Lake
Shoe Lake
Silver Lake
Stanton Lake
Syracuse Lake
Tippecanoe Lake
Waubee Lake
Winona Lake
Yellow Creek Lake
Protected areas
Center Lake Wetland Conservation Area
Edmund and Virginia Ball Nature Preserve
Pisgah Marsh Nongame Area (part)
City and towns
Burket
Claypool
Etna Green
Leesburg
Mentone
Milford
North Webster
Pierceton
Sidney
Silver Lake
Syracuse
Warsaw (city)
Winona Lake
Unincorporated communities
Atwood
Barbee
Bayfield
Beaver Dam
Bell Rohr Park
Buttermilk Point
Cedar Point
Clunette
DeFries Landing
Enchanted Hills
Forest Glen
Gravelton
Hastings
Highbanks
Highlands Park
Island Park
Kalorama Park
Kanata Manayunk
Kinsey
Lakeside Park
Lakeview Spring
Lowman Corner
Marineland Gardens
Milford Junction
Mineral Springs
Monoquet
Musquabuck Park
Oakwood Park
Osborn Landing
Oswego
Packerton
Palestine
Pickwick Park
Potawatomi Park
Redmon Park
Sevastopol
Shady Banks
South Park
Stoneburner Landing
Stony Ridge
Vawter Park
Walker Park
Wawasee
Wawasee Village
Wooster
Yellowbanks
Townships
Clay
Etna
Franklin
Harrison
Jackson
Jefferson
Lake
Monroe
Plain
Prairie
Scott
Seward
Tippecanoe
Turkey Creek
Van Buren
Washington
Wayne
Airports
KASW - Warsaw Municipal Airport
KC03 - Nappanee Municipal Airport
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Warsaw have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in July 1976. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June.
Community
Newspapers
Times-Union
The Mail-Journal
The PAPER
Ink Free News
Radio Stations
WRSW-AM 1480/99.7 FM (News Now Warsaw)
WRSW-FM (Classic Hits 107.3 WRSW
WAWC-FM (Willie 103.5)
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The legislative branch of the county government; controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives, elected to four-year terms from county districts, are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county; commissioners are elected countywide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute the acts legislated by the council, collect revenue, and manage the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that handles civil cases. The county also maintains a Circuit and Superior Court. The judge on each court is elected to a term of six years and must be a member of the Indiana bar.
County Officials: The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. The officials are elected countywide to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Kosciusko County is part of Indiana's 2nd and 3rd congressional districts. It is also part of Indiana Senate districts 9, 13, 17 and 18 and Indiana House of Representatives districts 18, 22 and 23.
Elected officials:
Kyle Dukes - Sheriff
Daniel Hampton - Prosecutor
Susan Engelberth - Assessor
Michelle Puckett - Auditor
Ann Torpy - Clerk
Joetta Mitchell - County Recorder
Sue Ann Mitchell - Treasurer
Cary P. Groninger - Middle District Commissioner
Robert M. Conley, President - Southern District Commissioner
Bradford Jackson - Northern District Commissioner
Tony Ciriello, Certified Death Investigator, Coroner
Kosciusko County is a Republican stronghold in presidential elections. Woodrow Wilson in 1912 and Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 are the only two Democratic Party candidates to win the county from 1888 to the present day. Roosevelt is the only Democrat since 1888 to win the county with a majority. The county is very Republican even by the standards of traditionally Republican Indiana. For example, Roosevelt actually lost the county by eight percentage points in 1936 even as they went on to carry 46 states. Further underlining the county's Republican bent, it rejected Lyndon Johnson in 1964 even in the midst of Johnson's 44-state national landslide. Johnson is the last Democrat to manage even 40 percent of the county's vote.
Education
School districts
Tippecanoe Valley School Corporation
Triton School Corporation
Warsaw Community Schools
Wawasee Community School Corporation
Whitko Community School Corporation
Wa-Nee Community Schools
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 77,358 people, 29,197 households, and 20,740 families in the county. The population density was . There were 37,038 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.3% white, 0.8% Asian, 0.7% black or African American, 0.3% Native American, 3.4% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 7.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 33.5% were German, 11.5% were Irish, 10.8% were English, and 8.2% were American.
Of the 29,197 households, 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were married couples living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.0% were non-families, and 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.07. The median age was 37.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $56,305. Males had a median income of $44,358 versus $29,320 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,019. About 7.0% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.5% of those under age 18 and 5.2% of those age 65 or over.
Notable residents
Ambrose Bierce, Civil War veteran, author, newspaper columnist
Chris Schenkel, former Sportscaster for ABC Sports. Resided in Leesburg, Indiana.
Rick Fox, retired NBA player. Resided in Warsaw, Indiana.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kosciusko County, Indiana
References
External links
Kosciusko County
Kosciusko County Chamber of Commerce
Kosciusko County Convention and Visitors Bureau
Sources
Indiana counties
1836 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1836
Oakwell Hospital was originally a fever hospital built on a hill top in Birstall in West Riding of Yorkshire, England, caring for chiefly people with scarlet fever and diphtheria. From 1948 it catered for the elderly and in 1962, the elderly were transferred out as a smallpox outbreak in Bradford necessitated it to be designated for the isolation of cases of smallpox.
References
Hospitals in West Yorkshire
Birstall, West Yorkshire
Fever hospitals
Sam C. Barrett is a retired United States Air Force lieutenant general who last served as the Director of Logistics of the Joint Staff. They previously served as commander of the Eighteenth Air Force. Prior to their current position, they were the director of operations, strategic deterrence and nuclear integration of the Air Force Material Command.
The United States Senate confirmed their promotion to lieutenant general and nomination to become the Director for Logistics of the Joint Staff, replacing Lieutenant General Giovanni K. Tuck whom they also succeeded as Eighteenth Air Force commander.
Effective dates of promotions
References
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Recipients of the Air Force Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Air Force generals
United States Air Force personnel of the Gulf War
Year of birth missing (living people)
Andy Stevens (born in England) was an English-Canadian soccer center forward who began and ended their career in Canada but also spent six seasons in the American Soccer League. They were a two time league leading scorer with the ASL and was a member of the Canada Soccer Hall of Fame's 2006 Team of Distinction, the 1933 Toronto Scottish. In 2017, as part of the "Legends Class" they were elected to the Hall of Fame as an individual player.
Professional career
Stevens, born in north-east England, came to Canada in 1905. In 1920, they left Canada to sign with Pullman F.C. in Chicago. By 1923, they were back in Canada where they briefly played for Toronto Willys Overland and Toronto Scottish before joining Detroit F.C that year. In 1924, they Stevens signed with the Boston Soccer Club of the American Soccer League. Boston transferred them to the New Bedford Whalers just over halfway through the season. Stevens led the ASL in scoring twice: 1925-1926 (44 goals) and 1927-1928 (30 goals). Stevens remained with the Whalers until 1928–1929 season, but left the team after fifteen games to sign with the New York Giants of the Eastern Professional Soccer League. With the merger of the ESL and ASL in 1929, several teams from the ESL petitioned for entry into the new league. New York Hispano, of the ESL, moved to Bridgeport, Connecticut under the new name Bridgeport Hungaria. The team ownership hired Stevens to coach the team. In March 1930, Hungaria folded ten games into the season. Stevens then moved to the New York Nationals for the last few games of the season. The Nationals folded at the end of the season and Stevens returned to Canada where they joined Toronto Scottish. They won the Canadian championship in 1932 with Scottish. On June 11, 1933, Toronto Scottish met Stix, Baer and Fuller F.C., the reigning National Challenge Cup champion in a one time North American Soccer Championship. Toronto took the game 2–1.
Stevens served in the Canadian Army in World War Two.
Managerial career
In 1947 they became coach of Toronto East End Canadians in the National Soccer League and in 1950 of Toronto Oakwoods.
References
British emigrants to Canada
Canadian soccer players
Canadian expatriate soccer players
Toronto Ulster United players
Toronto Scottish players
American Soccer League (1921–1933) players
Boston Wonder Workers players
New Bedford Whalers players
Bridgeport Hungaria players
New York Nationals (ASL) players
Eastern Professional Soccer League (1928–29) players
New York Giants (soccer) players
1968 deaths
1901 births
Canadian National Soccer League players
Association football forwards
NGC 1484 is a barred spiral galaxy in the constellation Eridanus, 48 million light-years from Earth. It is part of the Fornax Cluster, that contains approximately 200 galaxies, making it the second richest galaxy cluster in 100 million light-years after the Virgo Cluster.
It was discovered by William Herschel on November 28, 1837. Its distance and size on the night sky convert to an actual size of 35,000 light years, only a third or one-quarter the size of the Milky Way Galaxy.
See also
NGC 1399, central galaxy of the Fornax Cluster
NGC 1531 and NGC 1532, a pair of nearby Fornax Cluster galaxies
NGC 1365
NGC 1316
References
Barred spiral galaxies
1484
Eridanus (constellation)
Fornax Cluster
014071
Broadway Hotel may refer to:
in Australia
Broadway Hotel, Woolloongabba in Brisbane, Queensland
in the United States
Valentine on Broadway Hotel, in Kansas City, Missouri, listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Missouri
Broadway Hotel (Custer, Oklahoma)
Broadway Hotel (Portland, Oregon)
Broadway Hotel (Salt Lake City, Utah), listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Utah
in music
"Broadway Hotel", a song by Al Stewart from their 1976 album Year of the Cat
Udelny (masculine), Udelnaya (feminine), or Udelnoye (neuter) may refer to:
Udelny (inhabited locality) (Udelnaya, Udelnoye), name of several inhabited localities in Russia
Udelnaya (Saint Petersburg Metro), a station of the Saint Petersburg Metro, Saint Petersburg, Russia
Lynette Christine Knackstedt (April 26, 1970 – December 7, 2007) was an American punk and ska musician, a member of the band Skankin' Pickle.
Early life
Knackstedt was born in Santa Clara, California. They graduated from Los Gatos High School in 1988. They attended De Anza Junior College and San Francisco City College.
Career
Knackstedt was best known as a core member of Skankin' Pickle, a ska band formed in 1989, with their childhood friend Mike Park, Lars Nylander, Chuck Phelps, Gerry Lundquist and Mike Mattingly. They played guitar and was one of the band's vocalists. The band recorded five albums and toured the United States performing in the early 1990s. After they and Nylander toured Europe as Skankin' Pickle in 1997, the band officially dissolved, but the pair continued performing as the 78 RPMs. They also performed with Lucifer's Strip Club Band.
Knackstedt was also involved in running Dill Records, the band's independent record company, launched in 1991.
Personal life and legacy
Knackstedt was out as a lesbian. They died from a drug overdose in 2007, in San Francisco, at the age of 37. Them Skankin' Pickle bandmates played a memorial show together in 2008, and raised money for a San Francisco drug rehabilitation program. They were among the performers featured on the compilation CD Ska Down their Way: Women of Ska (2013), from Shanachie Records.
References
1970 births
2007 deaths
Ska musicians
People from Santa Clara County, California
De Anza College alumni
The Ruthenian Catholic Archeparchy of Smolensk (, ) is a former eparchy (Eastern Catholic diocese) of the Ruthenian Uniate Church (using a Byzantine Rite) (1625-1778) in part of Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth facing annexation by the Czarist Russian Empire, with episcopal see in Smolensk, now in Smolensk Oblast, Russia.
Among other of its names there could be Ruthenian Catholic Archdiocese of Smolensk or Smoleńsk of the Ruthenians.
History
It was established in 1625 on Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth territory, previously without proper Ruthenian Catholic jurisdiction. Earlier in 1611 there was established Roman Catholic diocese of Smolensk.
It was suppressed in 1778, without a successor jurisdiction, at its last incumbent's death.
Episcopal ordinaries
'' Eparchs (Archbishops) of Smolensk
Leo Kreuza-Revuskyj = Lev Revuckyj Krevza, a Vilnius Archmandrite (1625 – death 1639)
Andrej Kvasninskyj-Zlotyj = Andrzej Kwaśniński-Złoty (1640 – 1654), next Bishop of Pinsk-Turaŭ of the Ruthenians (in Belarus) (1654 – death 1665)
Michael Pashkovskyj = Myxajlo Paškovskyj (1666 – death 1670)
Mytrofan Drutskyj Sokolynskyj = Mytrofan Druckyj Sokolynskyj (1671 – death 1690)
Jurij Malejevskyj (1690 – death 1696)
Joasaphat Hutorovych = Josafat Hutorovyč (1697 – death 1702)
Gedeon Shumljanskyj = Hedeon Šumljanškyj (1703 – death 1705)
Michael Tarnovskyj = Myxajlo Tarnovskyj (1714? – death 1718.02.18)
Leo Drutskyj Sokolynskyj = Lavrentij Druckyj Sokolynskyj, Basilian Order of Saint Josaphat (O.S.B.M.) (1719 – death 1727.05.15)
Antin Tomylovyc = Antin Tomylovyč (1736? – death 1745.04.23)
Tsezarij Stebnovskyj = Cezarij Stebnovskyj (1757? – death 1762)
Heraclius Lisanski = Iraklij Lisanski (1763 – death 1771.03.14)
Josyf Lepkovskyj (1771.03.14 – death 1778), succeeding as former Coadjutor Bishop of Smoleńsk of the Ruthenians (? – 1771.03.14)
See also
List of Catholic dioceses in Russia
Sources and external links
GCatholic
catholic-hierarchy
Eastern Catholicism in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth
Smolensk
Smolensk
Smolensk
Religious organizations established in 1625
1625 establishments in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth
1620s establishments in Russia
1778 disestablishments in the Russian Empire
Religious organizations disestablished in the 18th century
Ruthenian Uniate eparchies
Bera is a federal constituency in Bera District, Pahang, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2004.
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the federal gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Bera constituency is divided into 33 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Pahang federal constituencies
Anonychomyrma is a genus of ants in the subfamily Dolichoderinae.
Distribution and habitat
The genus is mainly distributed in New Guinea, Solomon Islands and Australia; a single species is known from Malaysia and Indonesia. They nest on the ground or in trees, with colonies consisting of 500 to tens of thousands individuals.
Species
Anonychomyrma anguliceps (Forel, 1901)
Anonychomyrma angusta (Stitz, 1911)
Anonychomyrma arcadia (Forel, 1915)
Anonychomyrma biconvexa (Santschi, 1928)
Anonychomyrma dimorpha (Viehmeyer, 1912)
Anonychomyrma extensa (Emery, 1887)
Anonychomyrma fornicata (Emery, 1914)
Anonychomyrma froggatti (Forel, 1902)
Anonychomyrma gigantea (Donisthorpe, 1943)
Anonychomyrma gilberti (Forel, 1902)
Anonychomyrma glabrata (Smith, 1857)
Anonychomyrma incisa (Stitz, 1932)
Anonychomyrma itinerans (Lowne, 1865)
Anonychomyrma longicapitata (Donisthorpe, 1947)
Anonychomyrma longiceps (Forel, 1907)
Anonychomyrma malandana (Forel, 1915)
Anonychomyrma minuta (Donisthorpe, 1943)
Anonychomyrma murina (Emery, 1911)
Anonychomyrma myrmex Donisthorpe, 1947
Anonychomyrma nitidiceps (André, 1896)
Anonychomyrma polita (Stitz, 1912)
Anonychomyrma procidua (Erichson, 1842)
Anonychomyrma purpurescens (Lowne, 1865)
Anonychomyrma scrutator (Smith, 1859)
Anonychomyrma sellata (Stitz, 1911)
Anonychomyrma tigris (Stitz, 1912)
References
External links
Dolichoderinae
Ant genera
Hymenoptera of Asia
Hymenoptera of Australia
Taxa named by Horace Donisthorpe
Linear scheduling method (LSM) is a graphical scheduling method focusing on continuous resource utilization in repetitive activities.
Application
LSM is used mainly in the construction industry to schedule resources in repetitive activities commonly found in highway, pipeline, high-rise building and rail construction projects. These projects are called repetitive or linear projects. The main advantages of LSM over critical path method (CPM) is its underlying idea of keeping resources continuously at work. In other words, it schedules activities in such a way that:
resource utilization is maximized;
interruption in on-going process is minimized, including hiring-and-firing; and
the effect of the learning curve phenomenon is maximized
Alternative names
According to, specific names for the linear scheduling method have been adopted, such as:
Location-based scheduling (the preferred term in the book)
Harmonograms
Line-of-balance
Flowline or flow line
Repetitive scheduling method
Vertical production method
Time-location matrix model
Time space scheduling method
Disturbance scheduling
Horizontal and vertical logic scheduling for multistory projects
Horizontal and vertical scheduling
Multiple repetitive construction process
Representing construction
Linear scheduling
Time versus distance diagrams (T-D charts)
Time chainage
Linear balance charts
Velocity diagrams
See also
List of project management software
List of project management topics
Project management
Project planning
Sequence step algorithm
Time distance diagram
Work breakdown structure
References
Further reading
James Wonneberg and Ron Drake (2016) Linear Scheduling 101
Robert B. Harris and Photios G. Ioannou Repetitive Scheduling Method
David W. Johnston Linear Scheduling Method for Highway Construction
Frank Harris and Ronald McCaffer Modern Construction Management 6th Ed UK: Blackwell Publishing
Network theory
Project management techniques
Business terms
Production planning
Scheduling algorithms
