Cardew is a hamlet in Cumbria, England. It is located southwest of Dalston, south of Cardewlees and east of Thursby.
Cardew House, a 16th-century farmhouse built for the Denton family, is a country house of note and Cardew Lodge, a hunting lodge built for Major General William Henry Lowther, is a country house built in the style of an Indian bungalow.
See also
List of places in Cumbria
References
Hamlets in Cumbria
Dalston, Cumbria
Billy & the Kids is an American rock band formed in 2014 by Grateful Dead drummer Bill Kreutzmann, Joe Russo's Almost Dead guitarist Tom Hamilton, Tea Leaf Green bassist Reed Mathis and the Disco Biscuits keyboardist Aron Magner.
Origins and history
In September 2014 Bill Kreutzmann appeared at the second annual Lockn' Festival with a band billed as Bill Kreutzmann's Locknstep Allstars. The band was assembled to help fill in for Bob Weir & RatDog who cancelled their appearance at the festival and it consisted of Kreutzmann, Hamilton, Magner, Oteil Burbridge and Steve Kimock. They were joined for some songs by special guests Keller Williams, Taj Mahal, and Papa Mali.
In late 2014 Kreutzmann announced the formation of Billy & the Kids which consists of almost the same lineup as the Locknstep Allstars, without Steve Kimock and with Reed Mathis playing bass in place of Oteil Burbridge. They performed their first concert on December 13 at the 26th Warren Haynes Christmas Jam, where they were joined by special guests such as Col. Bruce Hampton and Warren Haynes.
Beginning in early 2015 the band has been performing throughout the United States. Many of their shows feature a theme relating to the Grateful Dead, such as Europe Seventy 2.0 and Spring '90 Revisited.
To date, almost all of the band's shows have featured special guests such as Robert Randolph and Kreutzmann's former Grateful Dead bandmate Bob Weir. Sometimes these guests sit in for a song or two and other times they accompany the group for an entire set or show.
Members
Bill Kreutzmann – drums (2014–present)
Tom Hamilton – guitar, vocals (2014–present)
Reed Mathis – bass, vocals (2014–present)
Aron Magner – keyboards, vocals (2014–present)
Special Guests
Vinnie Amico - drums (5/13/15)
Tim Carbone - fiddle (9/18/15)
Col. Bruce Hampton - keyboards (12/13/14)
Jason Hann - drums (4/20/15, 9/10/15) (7/12/21)
Mickey Hart - drums (9/12/15)
Warren Haynes - guitar, vocals (12/13/14, 8/1/15, 4/15/16)
Eric Krasno - guitar (8/1/15, 9/10/15, 4/8/16, 4/9/16, 4/15/16*)
Dominic Lalli - saxophone (4/20/15)
John Popper - harmonica (9/10/15)
Robert Randolph - pedal steel guitar, vocals (3/27/15)
Al Schnier - guitar (5/13/15#)
Snarky Puppy Horns - horns (9/18/15)
Duane Trucks - drums (5/13/15)
Bob Weir - guitar, vocals (8/15/15#, 9/12/15*, 4/8/2016#)
Billy Strings - guitar, vocals (5/7/21*, 5/8/21*, 5/9/21*) (7/12/21*, 7/13/21*)
James Casey - saxophone, vocals (5/7/21*, 5/8/21*, 5/9/21*) (7/12/21*, 7/13/21*)
Carlos Santana - guitar, vocals (5/9/21)
Bill Nershi - guitar, vocals (5/9/21)
Jeff Franca - drums (7/12/21, 7/13/21)
Paul Hoffman - mandolin (7/13/21)
* Full concert performance
References
External links
Bill Kreutzmann official website
American rock music groups
Grateful Dead
Jin Yi-han () (born Kim Hyun-Joong on October 10, 1978) is a South Korean actor. They began their acting career in 2002 in musical theatre, notably in Footloose. Jin soon branched out into television, and among their leading roles were in critically acclaimed Conspiracy in the Court (2007), family drama My Life's Golden Age (2008), daily drama Happiness in the Wind (2010), sitcom You're Here, You're Here, You're Really Here (2011), and mystery-romance My Secret Hotel (2014). They also played supporting roles in Who Are You? (2008), Bravo, My Love! (2011), Dr. Jin (2012), and Empress Ki (2013).
On September 23, 2016, Jin Yi-han changed their stage name to Kim Ji-han.
Filmography
Television series
Film
Variety show
Music video
Theater
Awards and nominations
References
External links
South Korean male television actors
South Korean male film actors
South Korean male musical theatre actors
South Korean male stage actors
Seoul Institute of the Arts alumni
1978 births
Living people
Gwangsan Kim clan
68 Kill is a 2017 American black comedy horror thriller film written and directed by Trent Haaga and starring Matthew Gray Gubler, AnnaLynne McCord, Alisha Boe, Sheila Vand, Sam Eidson and Michael Beasley. It is based on the Bryan Smith novel of the same name. The film was released on August 4, 2017, by IFC Midnight. It made an estimated $96,343 in total domestic video sales.
Plot
Chip is a timid sewer worker who is at the beck and call of their bombshell girlfriend. Liza is unhappy with their life as a prostitute and they are repeatedly abusive towards Chip in their relationship, but they are convinced that they are in love with them One day, Liza's landlord and steady client, Ken Mckenzie, shows them a safe that contains $68,000. They convince Chip to steal the $68,000 with them The two sneak into the Mckenzies' house, armed and masked. Chip's apprehension of the mission is increased when they see Liza kill the Mckenzies, who witnessed the two burglars in the house. During their heist, a young woman named Violet sees Chip with the Mckenzies' bodies and flees. Liza knocks Violet out cold and plans to sell them to their brother Dwayne, who will presumably torture and kill Violet.
Disgusted by Liza's plan, Chip knocks out Liza when they go to get Violet from the trunk of their car. They shoot at a bypasser who tries to intervene in the situation; when Dwayne emerges from the building waving a machete, Chip shoots them in the shoulder. They then drives away with the money. Liza regains consciousness and chases after Chip, getting them to pull over. They tell them that they forgive them as long as they stay with her, but then loses consciousness again on the side of the road. Chip leaves them there and keeps driving away, until they hear Violet's voice from the trunk and remembers their hostage. When they go to release her, they subdue them and holds them at gunpoint. With no other option, they decide to take Violet with them to flee with the money. Both are attracted to the other, as they bond over music and jokes in the car. On their trip, a police officer pulls them over, but Violet manages to talk their way out of the police officer inspecting the car further. Chip is impressed at their quick thinking, and the two further bond.
They take a stop at a gas station, where the clerk, Monica, sees Chip pull out a $100 bill from the envelope of the stolen money. They convince them to give them more money for them to keep quiet, but Violet steps in and refuses for Chip. The two spend the night at a nearby hotel, where Violet tearfully explains that they were at the Mckenzies' that night because Mckenzie was forcing them to have sex with them for money. The two make love that night, seemingly safe.
The morning after, Chip wakes up to find their gun, money, and clothes stolen. Frantic, they are mad at themselves for letting their guard down around Violet, who they assume stole their possessions. They discover their dead body in the bathtub of the room, horrified. Chip asks the man working at the hotel to use their phone to call Liza, since they think they are the one behind Violet's murder. The man working tells Chip a description of one of the people at their room the night before, which Chip connects to the gas station worker, Monica. Chip reluctantly incapacitates the man, finds some clothes from the lost-and-found, and steals their car. They go to the gas station, where the employee working tells Chip where Monica is, with Chip reluctantly giving their cunnilingus in return.
When Chip arrives at the house, it is revealed they have been set up, as the employee was a friend of Monica's.  They are taken inside, where one of the men in the households them at gunpoint. Chip tries to escape, but is knocked unconscious. Monica explains how and why they robbed Chip and framed them for Violet's death, even though their plan has many faults in it. Monica's group beats Chip while taking drugs that they bought with the stolen money. Chip eventually loses consciousness and has a vision of Violet, who tells them to wake up. When they do, they find Liza is there, with a gun pointed at their face. Monica and one of their cohorts come out from the bedroom, and threaten Liza. Suddenly, Liza's brother (Dwayne) enters the room, and kills almost all of Monica's gang. With Liza and their brother now in control of the situation, Dwayne orders the two surviving members of Monica's gang (Monica and another woman) into the bedroom, where they rape and kills one of them, leaving Monica as the only survivor from their original gang. Liza tells Chip that all is forgiven, as long as they still act as their dog. They refuse, shoots and kills her, then goes into the bedroom to kill Dwayne. Monica thanks Chip for saving them from Dwayne "the pervert", and tells them that they will do anything that they want them to do. They inform them that they want them to bring the deceased Violet back to life, and then shoots and kills them (to avenge Monica's murdering of Violet in the first place.) Chip stages the scene to erase their presence at the house, takes the money, and escapes as the cops are driving to the direction of the house. On the side of the road, Chip spots a beautiful but provocatively tattooed woman with their car broken down. They consider picking them up, but ultimately speeds far away from her, content with their independence and the money.
Cast
Matthew Gray Gubler as Chip
AnnaLynne McCord as Liza
Alisha Boe as Violet
Sheila Vand as Monica
Release
The film premiered at South by Southwest on March 11, 2017. On April 19, 2017, IFC Midnight acquired distribution rights to the film. The film was released on August 4, 2017, by IFC Midnight.
References
External links
2017 films
2017 black comedy films
2017 crime films
2017 thriller films
2010s comedy thriller films
2010s crime comedy films
2017 crime thriller films
American black comedy films
American comedy thriller films
American crime comedy films
American crime thriller films
IFC Films films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Gunnar Haarberg (28 July 1917 – 1 October 2009) was a Norwegian philologist, teacher, radio- and television personality.
Haarberg was born in Trondheim. They were a philologist, teacher, radio personality and was called Norway's first television celebrity. For a few years, they taught English at the Norwegian police academy
Haarberg was also an English teacher, and wrote several books on the subject.
Works
The perfect guide. The right way to help tourists and talk to them, 1958
My English friends, 2. bd., Trondheim 1959
On your own in England, 1960 (2. utg. 1967)
Good evening, friends. English for beginners, 1964
E det Kvijtt eller dobbelt? (Gunnar Haarberg intervjuet av Krestjan Flatlajndet), 1965
English just for you, 1965
Engelsk grammatikk for yrkesskolen for handel og kontorarbeid, 1974
References
Further reading
H. F. Dahl m.fl.: Kinoens mørke, fjernsynets lys, 1996.
1917 births
2009 deaths
Norwegian television presenters
Norwegian philologists
Norwegian educators
Norwegian male writers
Norwegian radio personalities
People from Trondheim
20th-century philologists
Samuel Joseph may refer to:
Samuel Joseph (Australian politician) (1824–1898), New South Wales colonial politician
Samuel Joseph (gridiron football) (born 1983)
Samuel Joseph (sculptor) (1791–1850)
Sir Samuel Joseph, 1st Baronet (1888–1944)
See also
The Genealogy (족보 - Jokbo) is a 1979 South Korean film directed by Im Kwon-taek.
Synopsis
During the era of Japanese occupation, Sol Jin-young, a Korean patriarch refuses to obey the law to change the family's name to a Japanese name. Tani, a member of the Japanese occupation forces, is sent to persuade Sol to comply with the order. Tani is conflicted between their duty, their respect for Korean culture and their attraction to Sol's daughter.
Cast
Joo Sun-tae
Hah Myung-joong
Han Hye-sook
Choi Nam-Hyun
Kim Sin-jae
Yoon Yang-ha
Ju Sang-ho
Kim Seok-hun
Dok Go-sung
Notes
Bibliography
1979 films
Films directed by Im Kwon-taek
1970s Korean-language films
South Korean drama films
Foreign relations exist between the alpine nations of Austria and Switzerland. Both countries have had diplomatic relations since the Middle Ages. The Habsburgs, who ruled Austria for more than six centuries, are originally from Aargau, Switzerland. The two countries are predominantly German-speaking. Austria has an embassy in Bern, a general consulate in Zürich and seven honorary consulates (in Basel, Chur, Geneva, Lausanne, Lugano, Lucerne and St. Gallen). Switzerland has an embassy in Vienna and six honorary consulates (in Bregenz, Graz, Innsbruck, Klagenfurt, Linz, and Salzburg). Together, both countries organized the Euro 2008.
Resident diplomatic missions
Austria has an embassy in Bern.
Switzerland has an embassy in Vienna.
See also
Foreign relations of Austria
Foreign relations of Switzerland
Austria–Switzerland border
Switzerland–EU relations
External links
Austrian Foreign Ministry: list of bilateral treaties with Switzerland (in German only)
Austrian embassy in Bern (in German only)
Austrian mission in Geneva
Austrian consulate in Zurich (in German only)
Swiss Department of Foreign Affairs about the relation with Austria
Swiss Department of Foreign Affairs: list of Swiss representation in Austria
Swiss embassy in Vienna (in German only)
Switzerland
Bilateral relations of Switzerland
Kerzenheim is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Palatinate Forest
Donnersbergkreis
Sir Henry William Ripley, 1st Baronet (23 April 1813 – 9 November 1882), was a British business person, philanthropist and Liberal Party politician who switched to the Conservative Party.
Ripley became a principal partner in Edward Ripley and Son, an important dyeing company based at Bowling Dyeworks, Bowling, Bradford established by their grandfather in about 1806.
In 1836 they married Susan Milligan of 'Acacia', Rawdon. West Yorkshire where they were living in 1881 with their family and a household of thirteen servants. In the late 1870s they bought an estate at Bedstone, Shropshire and in about 1882-4 they built a new mansion house Bedstone Court in Shropshire which became the family seat.
They were active in local politics and sat as a town councilor for the Borough of Bradford. They were also a JP, chairperson of the Chamber of Commerce and took an active role in founding and running the Yorkshire Penny Bank. In 1866 they commenced construction of Ripley Ville an estate of "model houses" for the working classes. When completed it had many of the aspects of an "industrial model village" – though residents were not limited to H.W. Ripley's employees. Ripley Ville can be compared with Akroydon (Halifax, built by H.W Ripley's friend and former schoolmate Edward Akroyd) and with Saltaire
From 1868 they were also active in national politics. They were returned to Parliament for Bradford as a Liberal at the 1868 general election, but their election was overturned on petition in 1869. They were re-elected at the 1874 general election as an Independent, but was defeated at the 1880 general election when they stood as a Conservative.
In 1880 they were created a baronet, of Rawdon in the County of York and Bedstone, Shropshire. They died in November 1882, aged 69, and was succeeded as second Baronet by their eldest son Edward. Their third son Frederick was created a Baronet in their own right in 1897.
A month after their death in 1882, the chimney at Newlands Mill in Bradford (owned by Sir Henry), collapsed killing 54 people, many children were among the dead. Although a jury at an inquest exonerated Sir Henry, an in depth report by the Telegraph and Argus launched a scathing attack on Sir Henry for the way the chimney was built under their instruction.
Notes
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990,
External links
Rediscovering Ripley Ville
My West Bowling
1813 births
1882 deaths
Ripley, Sir Henry, 1st Baronet
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1868–1874
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1874–1880
Politicians from Bradford
Paul Mayén (May 31, 1916 – November 3, 2000) was a Spanish architect and industrial designer known for their work at Frank Lloyd Wright's Fallingwater.
Early years
Mayén was born on May 31, 1916, in La Línea de la Concepción, a town in Cádiz in Andalucia, Spain. They graduated from Cooper Union in New York City with a Bachelor of Fine Arts and from Columbia University with a master's degree during World War II.
Career
Mayén was an industrial designer, and following their graduation from Columbia, taught classes in advertising design at their alma mater, Cooper Union, and The New School, both in Manhattan.
Their lamps, tables, and other furniture are featured in the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art in New York City, and was the founder of Habitat, Intrex and Architectural Supplements, Inc.
Fallingwater
Mayén's partner, Edgar Kaufmann Jr., inherited the 1936 Frank Lloyd Wright designed Fallingwater house, over Bear Run, in Stewart Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania, after their father's death in 1955, continuing to use and share it as a mountain retreat until 1963. Kaufmann entrusted the Wright structures and several hundred acres of the surrounding pristine Laurel Highlands lands in the Allegheny Mountains to the Western Pennsylvania Conservancy as an architectural house museum and conservation open space preserve, in memory of their parents.
From 1979 to 1981, Mayén oversaw the building of the Fallingwater pavilion, which houses the café, gift store, and visitor's center at Fallingwater.
Personal life
In the 1950s Mayén met fellow art student Edgar Kaufmann Jr. with whom they would have a relationship and work partnership that would last until Kaufmann's death in 1989. In 1975, Mayén built a country house for themselves and Kaufmann in Garrison, New York, on the east side of the Hudson River. Known as Water Run, this property is currently for sale. Kaufmann died in 1989, and their ashes were scattered around the property at Fallingwater by Mayén.
Mayén died on November 3, 2000. Their ashes were also scattered at Fallingwater in accordance with their wishes.
See also
Fallingwater
References
1916 births
2000 deaths
Columbia University alumni
Cooper Union alumni
LGBT architects
LGBT artists from Spain
People from La Línea de la Concepción
Spanish architects
The French ship Chameau or Le Chameau (Camel) was a wooden sailing ship of the French Navy, built in 1717. They were used to transporting passengers and supplies to New France (in present day Canada), making several trips. Nearing the end of their last voyage, a storm blew them onto some rocks on August 27, 1725. They sank, with the loss of all aboard; estimates range as high as 316 dead. In 1965, Alex Storm and their associates located the wreckage near Chameau Rock, and recovered a treasure of gold and silver pieces.
Career
Chameau was built in Rochefort, France, in 1717, the brainchild of young naval architect Blaise Ollivier. After visiting English and Dutch shipyards, they envisioned a fast, yet well-armed naval transport called a flute. The Chameau had a "keel of , a width of , and a draft of ", and displaced 540, 600 or 650 tons. It was armed with "twenty 12-pounder cannons along the lower gun deck and two more in the stern. Twenty-two 6-pounders mounted on the upper deck completed a complement of 44 cannons."
From 1719 to 1725, they carried cargo, passengers, and funds from France to the French colony in North America and returned with passengers and cargo such as wood, wood tar, and beaver pelts. Between 1720 and 1724, they were "commanded successively by de Voutron, de Lamirande, de Beauharnois and Meschi".
Chameau set out from La Rochelle on their final voyage in July 1725, under the command of Jean de Saint James. Aboard was a large quantity of gold, silver and copper coins; and dignitaries de Chazel, the new Intendant; and de Louvigny, the Governor-Elect of Trois-Rivières. Several miles east of their destination of Louisbourg, the ship was swept onto the rocks by a storm on August 27, 1725. Chameau sank, and all aboard perished; the reported number of dead ranges from 216 to "over 300" to 316.
An unsuccessful attempt to salvage the cargo was made the following year.
Discovery and legal disputes
In September 1965, Alex Storm, Dave MacEachern, and Harvey Macleod found the missing hull from the wreck of Chameau. This was where the treasure was located. Alex Storm brought up gold and silver coins. According to May 14, 1726, letter from the Minister of Marine, the funds lost amounted to "83,308 livres 11 sols 1 denier, including 27,258 livres 8 sols 9 deniers expended for clothing the troops at Quebec." By Storm's calculations, they "had made a nearly complete recovery of the funds shipped on the Chameau in 1725".
On April 7, 1966, an action was commenced in the Nova Scotia Supreme Court for an accounting among partners who had executed a partnership agreement with Alex Storm in 1961 for the expressed purpose of recovering the treasure. The agreement allowed for Storm to receive 20%. The problem was that this partnership failed to discover the treasure. Storm repeatedly tried to get the group together, but they continuously failed to show up for the search. As years passed by, they grew tired of waiting and decided to continue the search with new partners, but did not properly end the earlier partnership through proper legal channels. Storm formed a new partnership with two new members, who were successful in finding the treasure. The legal matter proceeded through the Nova Scotia Supreme Court, the Nova Scotia Court of Appeal and finally the Supreme Court of Canada. The Supreme Court of Canada, in handing down its decision, found the lower courts had been in error in several regards in arriving at their decisions and concluded Storm "was in clear breach of the Partnership Act and the partnership agreement". The Supreme Court of Canada was not in position to fix completely the errors made in the lower courts, however, and Storm received a majority of the treasure.
In December 1971, most of the coins and artifacts were auctioned off. Some of the artifacts are displayed in the Louisbourg Maritime Museum. An exhibit about Chameau is featured in the "Shipwreck Treasures of Nova Scotia" gallery at the Maritime Museum of the Atlantic in Halifax, Nova Scotia which includes coins, navigational instruments, foodware and a rare bronze swivel cannon from the wreck.
References
Age of Sail naval ships of France
Shipwrecks of the Nova Scotia coast
1710s ships
SS George Ade was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II. They were named after Indiana writer, newspaper columnist, playwright, and namesake for Purdue University's Ross–Ade Stadium, George Ade.
Construction
George Ade was laid down on 30 June 1944, under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull 2314, by J.A. Jones Construction, Panama City, Florida; and launched on 9 August 1944.
History
They were allocated to American West African Line Inc., 18 August 1944. They successfully completed their seatrials on 20 August 1944.
While in transit from Key West, Florida, to New York City, they were torpedoed on 12 September 1944, off the coast of North Carolina, by . Them rudder was damaged but they stayed afloat. and , heading to assist the crew of George Ade, were caught in the Great Atlantic Hurricane of 1944 the day after, sinking both cutters and killing 47 Coast Guardsmen. A U.S. Navy seaplane rescued the survivors.
After repairs they were allocated to the Parry Navigation Co., Inc. on 18 July 1946, and again on 17 November 1946. On 17 September 1947, they were allocated to the South Atlantic Steamship Line, for transfer to the National Defense Reserve Fleet, in Mobile, Alabama. They were sold, On 21 February 1967, for $48,259 to Union Minerals and Alloys Corporation, to be scrapped. They were withdrawn from the fleet on 8 March 1967.
Notes
References
Bibliography
Liberty ships
Ships built in Panama City, Florida
1944 ships
Mobile Reserve Fleet
Daniel Chávez Morán (born 1951) is a Mexican real estate developer and the founder of Grupo Vidanta, a real estate consortium which operates over 30 hotels in Latin America.  They are also the founder of the Delia Moran Vidanta Foundation and the Vidanta Foundation, two non-profit philanthropic organizations.
Chávez Morán was named one of the top 100 most important business people in Mexico by CNN, and one of the 100 most important business people in Mexicon by Expansión magazine in 2019.  They are also a member of the Citizen Security Advisory Council of the United Nations Development Program. They live in Mexico.
Biography
Chávez Morán graduated from the University of Guadalajara, with a degree in civil engineering in 1973. In 1974, they founded the real estate company, Grupo Vidanta, a company which would go on to develop hotels, resorts, and golf courses.
Under Chávez Morán, Grupo Vidanta became one of Latin America's largest employers with a staff of more than 17,000 employees and consistent appointment to the Great Place to Work Institute's list of Best Companies to Work for in Mexico. It operates over 30 hotels and several golf courses. Moran's son Ivan Chavez has been with Grupo Vidanta since 2007 and as executive vice president is involved in the company's resort and entertainment interests.
Chávez Morán and Grupo Vidanta were also responsible for the funding for the Mar de Cortés International Airport which opened in 2009 in La Jolla de Cortés, near Puerto Peñasco in the state of Sonora.
Chávez Morán and Grupo Vidanta also brought a Cirque du Soleil dinner show, titled JOYÀ, to Vidanta Riviera Maya.
In April 2016, Chávez Morán announced that Grupo Vidanta will be investing nearly $150 million and partnering with Hakkasan Group. In February 2018, the two companies debuted four new concepts at the Vidanta Los Cabos resort as part of this collaboration: OMNIA Dayclub, Herringbone, SHOREbar and Casa Calavera. In addition, it will be opening a theme park in Nuevo Vallarta in collaboration with Cirque du Soleil in the coming years.
In November 2018, it was announced that Chávez Morán will be a part of the business advisory council to Mexico's President-elect Andrés Manuel López Obrador.
Awards
In March 2016, they were named Tourism Entrepreneur of the Year by Mexico's Confederation of National Chambers of Commerce, Services, and Tourism (CONCANACO Servytur).
On November 17, 2015 Chávez Morán was given the Distinguished Leadership Award for the Americas Award by the Inter-American Dialogue in recognition of their philanthropic investments.
On March 11, 2016, Daniel Chávez Morán was recognized with the Lifetime Achievement in Entrepreneurship Award by the Mexican Government.
President's Leadership Council, Inter-American Dialogue
References
Living people
Mexican businesspeople
Mexican company founders
Mexican philanthropists
Mexican people of Irish descent
1951 births
The Spruce Lake Protected Area, was a 71,347-hectare Protected Area in the British Columbia provincial parks system 200 km north of Vancouver. The area had been the subject of an ongoing preservationist controversy since the 1930s. Formerly known variously as the Southern Chilcotin Mountains Provincial Park, Southern Chilcotins, and also as South Chilcotin Provincial Park. In 2007, its status as a provincial park was downgraded to protected area.
Recreational activities included camping, hiking, cycling, swimming, fishing and hunting. There were walk-in wilderness camping sites. Wildlife in the protected area include grizzly bear, California bighorn sheep and wolverine.
In June 2010, Bill 15 - created the South Chilcotin Mountains Park, a "Class A" park of 56,796 hectares from Spruce Lake Protected Area. The remaining approximately 14,550 hectares were set aside for tourism and mining, but commercial logging is still prohibited. The bill also confirmed the implementation of the 2004 decision for mining/tourism zones in the Lillooet Land and Resource Management Plan area.
Background
The area was designated as a protected area by the British Columbia provincial government in 2001, and then established as a Provincial Park by then Minister of Water, Land and Air Protection Minister Joyce Murray in 2004, with park boundaries including 70% of the protected area and limited resource extraction allowed in the remaining area on the protected area's periphery.
The protected area designation resulted from the Lillooet Land and Resource Management Plan (LRMP), in which local communities, environmental, recreation and resource interests were attempted to be addressed. Even though it is not in the Chilcotin District proper, the area has been called the "South Chilcotins" since about 1980 when a group of conservationists started to promote the area for protection as a park. The South Chilcotin name is derived from its geographic position in the Chilcotin Ranges, into the Bridge River Country where the park is located. Bert Brink, one of British Columbia's most renowned naturalist, advocated for the conservation of this area for over sixty years and lived to see it become a park, before they died in 2007.
Location and topography
The protected area was located on the inland lea of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains, on the north flank of the Bridge River Country and the Chilcotin Country to the north. It adjoined Big Creek Provincial Park and Tsʼilʔos Provincial Park, which border it on the north and northwest, respectively. Part of the larger subrange of the Pacific Ranges known as the Chilcotin Ranges, the area was partially protected in the 1990s after 60 years of debate and controversy.
Controversy
It was the object of a protracted quarrel between preservationists and resource development which first began in the 1930s when prospectors and guide-outfitters dedicated to its natural beauty proposed it for preservation status. Charlie Cunningham, whose career as a wildlife film-maker began in this area, was a driving force in the original movement for preservation. The Charlie Cunningham Wilderness proposal was revised in the 1970s as the Spruce Lake-Eldorado park proposal, and also as the Spruce Lake Management Planning Unit, but as land-use plans impinged on the proposed park area these names were abandoned.
The area's unique and distinct landscape and ecology, different from the rest of the Chilcotin Ranges or the rest of the Bridge River Country, was what made it stand out for protection amid a region already wild and extremely beautiful before logging and hydroelectric development transformed the valley to the south.
Many environmentalist hopes that the creation of Tsʼilʔos and Big Creek Provincial Parks will help shore up the protection of the South Chilcotin Provincial Park which remained vulnerable to government review. Hunting guide Ted (Chilco) Choate of Gaspard Lake, on the Chilcotin Plateau has joined in the call to combine all three parks, plus the Churn Creek Protected Area to the northeast, plus some of the surrounding country and the deep, much higher heart of the Pacific Ranges into a National Park. Industry and government remain publicly committed to shared use and sustainable planning.
First Nations History
Historically this region was the hunting territory of Chief Hunter Jack of the Lakes Lillooet, whose big-game hunting business shared the region with hunters of the Tsilhqot'in people. The shared use of the area north of the Bridge River and Gun Creek was part of the settlement of an early 19th-century peace which had ended a long and bloody war between Hunter Jack's people and the Tsilhqot'in.
Trails from the Bridge River Country led over the region to Taseko Lake and Chilko Lake in the Chilcotin Country, and also east across the Camelsfoot Range to the Fraser River near Big Bar.
Notes
External links
BC Parks - Spruce Lake Protected Area
Chilcotin Ranges entry in the Canadian Mountain Encyclopedia
Aerial view of Spruce Lake and (R) Eldorado Mountain from Randall & Kat's Flying Photos
Aerial view of Spruce Lake from Randall & Kat's Flying Photos[
Bridge River Country
St'at'imc
Tsilhqot'in
Chilcotin Ranges
Year of establishment missing
Brian Edmund Lewis, 2nd Baron Essendon (7 December 1903 – 18 July 1978), also known as Bug, was a British motor-racing driver, company director, baronet, and peer.
Born in Edmonton, Middlesex, they were the only son of the first Lord Essendon, the shipping magnate, by their wife Eleanor (d. 1967), daughter of R. H. Harrison of West Hartlepool. In 1938, they married Mary Duffil, widow of Albert Duffil, daughter of G. W. Booker of Los Angeles.
Educated at Malvern, and Pembroke College, Cambridge, they were a Director of Furness Withy (the family shipping firm), Barry Aikman Travel Ltd and Godfrey Davis & Co Ltd.
They raced Frazer Nashes in England in the 1920s and entered a private Maserati 8CM at the Swiss Grand Prix 1935. As The Times put it in 1978:
'Along with a distinguished band that included Lord Howe, Sir Henry Birkin, and the Earl of March, later the Duke of Richmond, they were one of a bunch of titled and talented amateurs who did much for the image of British motor racing in the 1920s and 1930s, albeit mainly at the wheel of foreign cars.'
In 1930, along with noted pilot Charles Barnard, they founded Brian Lewis and C.D. Barnard Ltd as aircraft dealers, becoming the main UK agent for de Havilland. In 1931 the company became Brian Lewis and Company Ltd and merged with Selfridges Aviation Department, declaring itself as “The largest retailers in the world”. Based at Heston Aerodrome in Middlesex, the company expanded to Hooton Park Aerodrome, Liverpool and later to Renfrew Airport, Glasgow and Ipswich. It later moved from Heston to Elstree Aerodrome, then known as Aldenham.
In the late 1930s, they were a motoring correspondent of the News Chronicle and a President of the Guild of Motoring Writers.
Lord Essendon succeeded their father in the peerage and barony in 1944.
Their main recreation was golf. They were a member of the Bath Club in London.
They lived in London and at Avenue Eglantine 5, Lausanne, Switzerland. They died in Lausanne, Switzerland.
Racing record
Third in the 1930 24 Hours of Le Mans in a Talbot.
Third in the 1932 24 Hours of Le Mans in a Talbot.
Third in the 1933 24 Hours of Le Mans in an Alfa Romeo.
First in the 1933 Mannin Moar in an Alfa Romeo 8C 2300 Monza.
Sixth in the 1933 Nice Grand Prix in an Alfa Romeo 8C 2300 Monza.
First in the 1934 Mannin Moar in an Alfa Romeo Tipo B.
First in the 1935 Mannin Moar in a Bugatti T59.
Did not finish the 1935 Nice Grand Prix in a Maserati 8C.
Did not finish the 1935 Swiss Grand Prix in a Maserati 8CM.
Not classified in the 1935 Donington Grand Prix in a Riley.
15th in the 1636 George Vanderbilt Cup in an ERA B-Type.
99th in the 1932 George Vanderbilt Cup in an ERA B-Type
24 Hours of Le Mans results
Complete European Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Notes
– Lewis was co-driver with Howe at the French GP and with Birkin at the Belgian GP, therefore rules excluded them from the championship.
References
The Times, 19 July 1978. Obituary, page 19.
External links
Cricket Archive profile of Brian Lewis. www.acscricket.com. Retrieved 3 May 2010.
Historic Racing profile of Brian Lewis. www.historicracing.com. Retrieved 3 May 2010.
List of famous students at Pembroke College, Cambridge : Brian Lewis, 2nd Baron Essendon www.listaba.com. Retrieved 3 May 2010.
"historicracing.com: 188 - Fitted out in a nice bespoke suit and tie here we find 'Bug' ready to tackle the outer circuit at Brooklands in 1930." www.facebook.com. Retrieved 3 May 2010.
1903 births
1978 deaths
Lewis, Brian
Alumni of Pembroke College, Cambridge
Barons in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
British businesspeople in shipping
English racing drivers
Lewis, Brian
People educated at Malvern College
British motoring journalists
European Championship drivers
20th-century British businesspeople
The action of 18 March 2006 occurred when two United States naval vessels were attacked by pirates. The U.S. ships were part of Combined Task Force 150.
Background
By 2006 the lack of any government-controlled naval authority along the Somali coast was taking its toll. Pirate gangs controlled by local warlords started to capture passing merchant ships in an attempt to gain funding by ransoming the ships and their crews. As the raids became successful, the pirates became bolder. They began seizing UN aid ships, and even attacked a cruise liner attempting to capture it for ransom. The U.S. and Coalition vessels from Combined Task Force 150 began actively pursuing pirate vessels in an attempt to deter the attacks.
Battle
On 18 March the destroyer intercepted a suspicious ship, a large diesel-powered skiff towing two small gasoline-powered "attack" skiffs off the Somali coast. USS Gonzalez first noticed the common pirate profile of a diesel boat towing smaller skiffs and, with closing from away, trailed the suspects until dawn. Shortly before sunrise, the two American ships each sent a pair of rigid-hulled inflatable boats with specially trained boarding teams to investigate. The boats' boarding attempt was aborted when the pirates opened fire on them from extremely short range, and they returned fire and withdrew.
The pirates chased the boarding team, then opened fire upon the Navy ships with rocket-propelled grenades and other small arms. Too close for major weapon systems, the two American ships returned fire with small caliber guns. The larger pirate skiff was soon set on fire by a .50 caliber tracer round fired from USS Gonzalez hitting and setting ablaze a fuel drum, and burned to the waterline. The two small skiffs were engaged and surrendered to USS Cape St. George upon seeing the larger skiff with all their fuel in flames. By the time the action was over at least one pirate was killed (only one body was recovered from one of the remaining small skiffs), and 12 (including 5 wounded) pirates were captured. A spokesperson for the Somali pirate militia in Hardhere claimed there were 27 pirates that had gone to sea to act as "coastguardsmen" for the largely lawless state. Cape St. George received minor superficial damage but no US forces were injured.
Aftermath
After the action was over, a Dutch fast-combat support ship, HNLMS Amsterdam, provided medical assistance to the wounded, and the two U.S. ships continued on their mission. The U.S. government chose not to prosecute the captured men for piracy and repatriated them over a period of several months, some requiring advanced medical care aboard U.S. and Coalition warships due to the injuries they received during the action.
References
Maritime incidents in 2006
Conflicts in 2006
2006 in Somalia
Naval battles of Operation Enduring Freedom
Naval battles post-1945
Somalia–United States military relations
Anti-piracy battles involving the United States
Naval battles involving pirates
Piracy in Somalia
March 2006 events in Africa
John Christopher Augustus Voelcker FRS (24 September 1822 – 5 December 1884) was a Royal Agricultural Society of England chemist. Voelcker was known for their methodical and precise analytical practices as applied to agricultural chemistry. They began a series of long-term experiments at Woburn on crop rotation and fertilization in 1876. This was continued after their death in 1884 by their son John Augustus Voelcker (1854-1937) who was also an agricultural chemist who later headed a committee that investigated improvements to agriculture in India.
Life
Born in Frankfurt, Augustus was the fifth son of Frederick Adolphus Voelcker, a local merchant who died when they were eleven. Poor health led to delayed schooling and they were forced to seek employment at the age of sixteen. After working as a pharmacist's assistant in Frankfurt am Main until 1842 and in Schaffhausen until 1844, Voelcker entered University of Göttingen where they studied chemistry under professor Friedrich Wöhler. They also attended University of Giessen, where the German chemist Justus von Liebig lectured on agricultural chemistry. They received a doctor of philosophy degree from Göttingen University where their dissertation was on the composition of tortoise-shell. They went to Utrecht in 1846 to work as assistant to professor Gerardus Johannes Mulder where Voelcker studied the chemistry of animal and vegetable production. In 1847 they went to Edinburgh as assistant to James Finlay Weir Johnston, the Highland and Agricultural Society of Scotland's chemist at the time. Whilst in Edinburgh, they lectured at Durham University and also became friends with the chemist George Wilson. From 1849, as the first professor of chemistry at the Royal Agricultural College, Cirencester, Voelcker lectured on such topics as sewage.
Voelcker was recruited as consultant chemist to the Royal Bath and West of England Society by Sir Thomas Dyke Acland, 11th Baronet in about 1849. They were appointed consultant chemist to the Bath Royal Literary and Scientific Institution in 1855, a post they held until 1863, although they continued to maintain connections with the society. After their death in 1884, their son, also John Augustus Voelcker was appointed the consultant chemist (until 1936) and they in turn was followed by Eric Voelcker, son of the third son "Will" (until 1976). John Augustus Voelcker jr. conducted long-term experiments on crop rotation and fertilizer application at Woburn. Voelcker (senior) contributed to the society's journal and lectured throughout the area. They were well aware of agricultural economics, for, as they said They set up a private consulting practice in London in 1863; they provided advice in many fields including sewage, water and gas supply, river pollution, and agricultural holdings. For example, by using the cost of ammonia as nine pence per pound, and the cost of phosphates as two pence per pound, an 1885 book reported Voelcker as calculating the annual value of excrement per adult as nine shillings (worth pound sterling in ). They were elected chairperson of the London Farmers Club in 1875. Following a major famine in India, their son J.A. Voelcker was sent in 1889 as the head of a committee that examined and suggested improvements to agriculture there.
Voelcker married Susanna Wilhelm in 1852 and they had four sons and a daughter. The first son George died of diphtheria while studying medicine. The second and third sons John Augustus Voelcker and Edward William Voelcker (1857–1930) ("Will" whose son Eric Voelcker was also a chemist) followed in their father's footsteps to become agricultural chemists of repute. The fourth son was Arthur Francis Voelcker, MD, FRCP (1861–1946). Voelcker was interested in religion and took an active role in the activities of the British and Foreign Bible Society. They died of a heart ailment at their home in Kensington, London.
Selected bibliography
Voelcker published numerous papers including several in German and Dutch scientific journals (1844–1846). A sample of publications includes:
Read before the Royal Society of Edinburgh, 4 March 1850
Read before the Botanical Society of Edinburgh, 10 January 1850
References
External links
1822 births
1884 deaths
19th-century German chemists
University of Göttingen alumni
Fellows of the Royal Society
Scientists from Frankfurt
Kriegsfeld is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
External links
Ortsgemeinde Kriegsfeld
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Terricula major is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 18 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish with brown suffusions and a few white dashes along the costa. There are sparse refractive bluish scales all over the surface of the wing. The markings are dark brown. The hindwings are brown.
Etymology
The name refers to size of the moth and the terminal process of the aedeagus and is derived from Latin major (meaning larger).
References
Moths described in 2008
Archipini
Dov Tzvi Heller (1862 – 1935) commonly called by their Yiddish name, Ber Hirsch Heller, was a rabbi and mashgiach ruchani at the Slabodka Yeshiva in Europe, as well as the father-in-law of Rabbi Yaakov Kamenetzky and Rabbi Avraham Grodzinski.
Life
Dov Tzvi Heller was born in 1862 in Shilel (Šilalė), Lithuania, then part of the Russian Empire, to Eliezer Yitzchak and Hasseh Gisseh Heller. In 1890, they became the mashgiach ruchani in the Yeshiva Knesses Yisrael Slabodka under Nosson Tzvi Finkel, where they were known for their sweet personality, gentleness, and love of their students, which was so strong, that they would often fast for their success. During World War I, the yeshiva escaped to Minsk, and later many of them Kremenchug, and Heller came with the yeshiva on these travels. Shimon Reuven Dvoretz, who was teenager in Kremenchug, described Heller as "a saint, a Chafetz Chaim in their simplicity," comparing them to Yisrael Meir Kagan, who had been the greatest rabbi of the time until their death a few years prior.
Family
Heller was married Feiga Esther Heller née Blankfield (c. 1862-1942). They had five children, four of which lived to adulthood (one son and four daughters). Their son was Avraham Meir Heller (1887-1979). Their oldest daughter, Chasya (1891-1944), married Avraham Grodzinski, who later served as mashgiach ruchani of the Slabodka Yeshiva as well. Their second daughter, Ita Ettel (1895-1954), married Yaakov Kamenetzky, a student of their father and Finkel, and future rosh yeshiva of Yeshiva Torah Vodaath. Their third daughter to live adulthood, Sara (1899-1941), married Shabsi Vernokovsky, and they both were murdered in the Holocaust. They had another child, named Kayle, who was born in 1897 and died two years later.
Death
Heller died in 1935 in Jerusalem.
References
1862 births
1935 deaths
20th-century Lithuanian rabbis
Haredi rabbis in Europe
Mashgiach ruchani
Lithuanian Haredi rabbis
Faculty of Slabodka yeshiva
Rabbis that emigrated to the Land of Israel
Rabbis from Kaunas
19th-century Lithuanian rabbis
The term quantum efficiency (QE) may apply to incident photon to converted electron (IPCE) ratio of a photosensitive device, or it may refer to the TMR effect of a Magnetic Tunnel Junction.
This article deals with the term as a measurement of a device's electrical sensitivity to light. In a charge-coupled device (CCD) or other photodetector, it is the ratio between the number of charge carriers collected at either terminal and the number of photons hitting the device's photoreactive surface. As a ratio, QE is dimensionless, but it is closely related to the responsivity, which is expressed in amps per watt. Since the energy of a photon is inversely proportional to its wavelength, QE is often measured over a range of different wavelengths to characterize a device's efficiency at each photon energy level. For typical semiconductor photodetectors, QE drops to zero for photons whose energy is below the band gap. A photographic film typically has a QE of much less than 10%, while CCDs can have a QE of well over 90% at some wavelengths.
Quantum efficiency of solar cells
A solar cell's quantum efficiency value indicates the amount of current that the cell will produce when irradiated by photons of a particular wavelength. If the cell's quantum efficiency is integrated over the whole solar electromagnetic spectrum, one can evaluate the amount of current that the cell will produce when exposed to sunlight. The ratio between this energy-production value and the highest possible energy-production value for the cell (i.e., if the QE were 100% over the whole spectrum) gives the cell's overall energy conversion efficiency value. Note that in the event of multiple exciton generation (MEG), quantum efficiencies of greater than 100% may be achieved since the incident photons have more than twice the band gap energy and can create two or more electron-hole pairs per incident photon.
Types
Two types of quantum efficiency of a solar cell are often considered:
External Quantum Efficiency (EQE) is the ratio of the number of charge carriers collected by the solar cell to the number of photons of a given energy shining on the solar cell from outside (incident photons).
Internal Quantum Efficiency (IQE) is the ratio of the number of charge carriers collected by the solar cell to the number of photons of a given energy that shine on the solar cell from outside and are absorbed by the cell.
The IQE is always larger than the EQE in the visible spectrum. A low IQE indicates that the active layer of the solar cell is unable to make good use of the photons, most likely due to poor carrier collection efficiency. To measure the IQE, one first measures the EQE of the solar device, then measures its transmission and reflection, and combines these data to infer the IQE.
The external quantum efficiency therefore depends on both the absorption of light and the collection of charges. Once a photon has been absorbed and has generated an electron-hole pair, these charges must be separated and collected at the junction. A "good" material avoids charge recombination. Charge recombination causes a drop in the external quantum efficiency.
The ideal quantum efficiency graph has a square shape, where the QE value is fairly constant across the entire spectrum of wavelengths measured. However, the QE for most solar cells is reduced because of the effects of recombination, where charge carriers are not able to move into an external circuit. The same mechanisms that affect the collection probability also affect the QE. For example, modifying the front surface can affect carriers generated near the surface. Highly doped front surface layers can also cause 'free carrier absorption' which reduces QE in the longer wavelengths. And because high-energy (blue) light is absorbed very close to the surface, considerable recombination at the front surface will affect the "blue" portion of the QE. Similarly, lower energy (green) light is absorbed in the bulk of a solar cell, and a low diffusion length will affect the collection probability from the solar cell bulk, reducing the QE in the green portion of the spectrum. Generally, solar cells on the market today do not produce much electricity from ultraviolet and infrared light (<400 nm and >1100 nm wavelengths, respectively); these wavelengths of light are either filtered out or are absorbed by the cell, thus heating the cell. That heat is wasted energy, and could damage the cell.
Quantum efficiency of Image Sensors :
Quantum efficiency (QE) is the fraction of photon flux that contributes to the photocurrent in a photodetector or
a pixel. Quantum efficiency is one of the most important parameters used to evaluate the quality of a detector and is often called the spectral response to reflect its wavelength dependence. It is defined as the number of signal electrons created per incident photon. In some cases it can exceed 100% (i.e. when more than one electron is created per incident photon).
EQE mapping :
Conventional measurement of the EQE will give the efficiency of the overall device. However it is often useful to have a map of the EQE over large area of the device. This mapping provides an efficient way to visualize the homogeneity and/or the defects in the sample. It was realized by researchers from the Institute of Researcher and Development on Photovoltaic Energy (IRDEP) who calculated the EQE mapping from electroluminescence measurements taken with a hyperspectral imager.
Spectral responsivity
Spectral responsivity is a similar measurement, but it has different units: amperes per watt (A/W); (i.e. how much current comes out of the device per unit of incident light power). Responsivity is ordinarily specified for monochromatic light (i.e. light of a single wavelength). Both the quantum efficiency and the responsivity are functions of the photons' wavelength (indicated by the subscript λ).
To convert from responsivity (Rλ, in A/W) to QEλ (on a scale 0 to 1):
where λ is the wavelength in nm, h is the Planck constant, c is the speed of light in a vacuum, and e is the elementary charge.
Determination
where = number of electrons produced, = number of photons absorbed.
Assuming each photon absorbed in the depletion layer produces a viable electron-hole pair, and all other photons do not,
where t is the measurement time (in seconds),
= incident optical power in watts,
= optical power absorbed in depletion layer, also in watts.
See also
Counting efficiency
DQE (imaging)
Solar cell efficiency
References
Engineering ratios
Photodetectors
Physical quantities
Quantum electronics
Spectroscopy
Annie Russell Marble (August 10, 1864 – November 23, 1936) was an American essayist, whose work dealt with early American historical figures, authors of the Transcendental movement, some of whom they knew personally, and commentary on literature in general.
Biography
Early life, education, and family
Born Annie Maria Russell, they were the daughter of Isaiah Dunster Russell and Nancy Wentworth Russell. They graduated from Worcester High School in 1882. In 1886 they received their A.B. from Smith College and in 1895 their M.A. from the same institution.
In 1895 they married Charles Francis Marble of Worcester. Charles Marble was in a business named Curtis & Marble Machine Company, which produced machinery used in the textile industry. They had two children.
Early working life
In 1895 Marble became a trustee for the Home for Aged Women in Worcester, and also began an association with the Trade School for Girls in Worcester.
Literary career
Marble's career in literature, history, and essays began in 1897 with publication of an edition of Thomas Carlyle's On Heroes, Hero-Worship and the Heroic in History, which they edited, with notes and introduction.
This had been preceded by a couple of magazine articles, and in addition to the books noted below, they were also a prolific author of essays on early American History and Literature and published a number of calendars and almanacs with a literary theme. They were also literary editor and book reviewer for the Worcester Sunday Telegram (1920–29).
Bibliography
Books that Nourish Us (1900)
Thoreau: Their Home, Friends and Books (1902)
Books in Their Seasons (1905)
In Heralds of American Literature (1907) they wrote about early patriots and literary figures as, for example "Francis Hopkinson Jurist, Wit, and Dilettante", and Joseph Dennie.
Pageant: Heroines of Literature (1915)
The Women Who Came in the Mayflower (1920). Curiously, Marble was an opponent of women's suffrage.
Women of the Bible, Their Services in Home and State (1923)
The Nobel Prize Winners in History (1925)
Study of the modern novel (1928)
Pen Names and Personalities (1930)
From Boston to Boston (1930)
Builders and Books (1931)
The Nobel Prize in Literature 1901–1931 (1932)
From 'Prentice to Patron: The Life Story of Isaiah Thomas (1935)
Legacy
Mrs. Marble has been quoted for their personal knowledge of some members of the Transcendentalist movement. Philip F. Gura at UNC noted that they had lived at the Ripley's Brook Farm community, and quoted them as saying that "Transcendentalists were 'a race who dove into the infinite, soared into the illimitable, and never paid cash." Gura, however, is mistaken; the Brook Farm community disbanded in 1847, nearly twenty years before Mrs. Marble was born.
Mrs. Marble has also been cited as an early critic of comic strips.
Other
Mrs. Marble was in the American Association of University Women (AAUW) in Worcester, Massachusetts.
Mrs. Marble left a collection of 54 letters from noteworthy literary figures such as Willa Cather, Julia Ward Howe, and Jane Goodwin Austin.
See also
Transcendentalism
References
External links
1864 births
1936 deaths
American essayists
Writers from Worcester, Massachusetts
School of Rock is an American musical-comedy television series developed by Jim Armogida and Steve Armogida that premiered on Nickelodeon on March 12, 2016. It ran for three seasons, with its final episode airing on April 8, 2018. The series is based on the 2003 film of the same name and stars Breanna Yde, Ricardo Hurtado, Jade Pettyjohn, Lance Lim, Aidan Miner, Tony Cavalero, and Jama Williamson.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (2016)
Season 2 (2016–17)
Season 3 (2017–18)
References
Lists of American children's television series episodes
Lists of American comedy television series episodes
Lists of Nickelodeon television series episodes
Gelanor moyobamba is a species of neotropical spiders from Peru in the family Mimetidae.
References
Mimetidae
Spiders described in 2016
Spiders of South America
The were the daimyō of the Satsuma han, which spread over Satsuma, Ōsumi and Hyūga provinces in Japan.
The Shimazu were identified as one of the tozama or outsider daimyō families in contrast with the fudai or insider clans which were hereditary vassals or allies of the Tokugawa clan.
History
The Shimazu were descendants of the Seiwa Genji branch of the Minamoto. The Shimazu would become one of the families of Edo period daimyō to have held their territory continuously since the Kamakura period, and would also become, at their peak, the wealthiest and most powerful Tozama daimyō family with an income in excess of 700,000 koku.
The founder, Shimazu Tadahisa (d. 1227), was a son of Shōgun Minamoto no Yoritomo (1147-1199) with the sister of Hiki Yoshikazu. Tadahisa's wife was a daughter of Koremune Hironobu, descendant of the Hata clan, whose name Tadahisa took at first. They received the domain of Shioda in Shinano Province in 1186 and was then named shugo of Satsuma Province. They sent Honda Sadachika to take possession of the province in their name and accompanied Yoritomo in their expedition to Mutsu in 1189. They went to Satsuma in 1196, subdued Hyūga and Ōsumi provinces, and built a castle in the Hyūga Province part of the Shimazu Estate, which name they also adopted.
Shimazu Yoshihisa (1533 - 1611), the 16th Head of Shimazu family, the eldest son of Shimazu Takahisa. In 1586, succeed to unify and control the entire Kyushu region. They retired in 1587 after Hideyoshi Kyushu Campaign.
The 17th head, Yoshihiro (1535–1619), was the daimyō at the time of the Battle of Sekigahara, the establishment of the Tokugawa Shogunate, and the Siege of Osaka. Their nephew and successor was Tadatsune. They held significant power during the first two decades of the 17th century, and organized the Shimazu invasion of the Ryūkyū Kingdom (modern-day Okinawa Prefecture) in 1609. The Shōgun allowed this because they wished to appease the Shimazu and prevent potential uprisings after their loss at Sekigahara. The trade benefits thus acquired, and the political prestige of being the only daimyō family to control an entire foreign country secured the Shimazu's position as one of the most powerful daimyō families in Japan at the time.
The Shimazu clan was renowned for the loyalty of its retainers and officers, especially during the Sengoku period. Some retainer families, such as the Ijuin and Shirakawa, were determined to defeat any opposition to help expand the power of the Shimazu clan. The Shimazu are also famous for being the first to use teppo (firearms, specifically matchlock arquebuses) on the battlefield in Japan, and began domestic production of the weapons as well. Shimazu battle tactics are known to have been very successful in defeating larger enemy armies, particularly during their campaign to conquer Kyūshū in the 1580s. Their tactics included the luring of the opposition into an ambush on both sides by arquebus troops, creating panic and disorder. Central forces would then be deployed to rout the enemy. In this way, the Shimazu were able to defeat much larger clans such as the Itō, Ryūzōji and Ōtomo. Overall, the Shimazu was a very large and powerful clan due to their strong economy both from domestic production through trade, good organization of government and troops, strong loyalty of retainers and isolation from Honshū.
Hisamitsu (1817–1887), regent of Tadayoshi, was the daimyō of Satsuma at the time of the Boshin War and the Meiji Restoration, in which Satsuma played a major role.
Simplified family tree
Incorporates information from the Japanese Wikipedia article
I. Shimazu Iehisa, 1st Lord of Satsuma (cr. 1601) (1576-1638; r. 1601-1638)
II. Mitsuhisa, 2nd Lord of Satsuma (1616-1695; r. 1638-1687)
Tsunahisa (1632-1673)
III. Tsunataka, 3rd Lord of Satsuma (1650-1704; r. 1687-1704)
IV. Yoshitaka, 4th Lord of Satsuma (1675-1747; r. 1704-1721)
V. Tsugutoyo, 5th Lord of Satsuma (1702-1760; r. 1721-1746)
VI. Munenobu, 6th Lord of Satsuma (1728-1749; r. 1746-1749)
VII. Shigetoshi, 7th Lord of Satsuma (1729-1755; r. 1749-1755)
VIII. Shigehide, 8th Lord of Satsuma (1745-1833; r. 1755-1787)
IX. Narinobu, 9th Lord of Satsuma (1774-1841; r. 1787-1809)
X. Narioki, 10th Lord of Satsuma (1791-1858; r. 1809-1851)
XI. Nariakira, 11th Lord of Satsuma (1809-1858; r. 1851-1858)
Hisamitsu, 1st head and Prince of the Shimazu-Tamari line (Shimazu-Tamari line cr. 1871; cr. 1st Prince 1884) (1817-1887)
Tadayoshi, 12th Lord of Satsuma, 1st Prince Shimazu (1840-1897; r. 1858-1869, Governor of Kagoshima 1869-1871, created 1st Prince 1884)
Tadashige, 13th family head, 2nd Prince Shimazu (1886-1968; 13th family head 1897-1968, 2nd Prince Shimazu 1897-1947)
Tadahide, 14th family head (1912-1996; 14th family head 1968-1996)
Nobuhisa, 15th family head (1938-; 15th family head 1996- )
Tadahiro (1972- )
Tadasumi, 2nd head and Prince of the Shimazu-Tamari line (1855-1915; 2nd head and Prince 1887-1915)
Tadatsugu, 3rd head and Prince of the Shimazu-Tamari line (1903-1990; 3rd head 1915-1990; 3rd Prince 1915-1947)
Tadahiro, 4th head of the Shimazu-Tamari line (1933- ; 4th head 1990 - )
Tadami (1961 - )
Tadayoshi (1993 - )
Order of succession
Shimazu Tadahisa
Shimazu Tadatoki
Shimazu Hisatsune
Shimazu Tadamune
Shimazu Sadahisa
Shimazu Ujihisa
Shimazu Motohisa
Shimazu Hisatoyo
Shimazu Tadakuni
Shimazu Tatsuhisa
Shimazu Tadamasa
Shimazu Tadaharu
Shimazu Tadataka
Shimazu Katsuhisa
Shimazu Takahisa
Shimazu Yoshihisa
Shimazu Yoshihiro
Shimazu Tadatsune
Shimazu Mitsuhisa
Shimazu Tsunataka
Shimazu Yoshitaka
Shimazu Tsugutoyo
Shimazu Munenobu
Shimazu Shigetoshi
Shimazu Shigehide
Shimazu Narinobu
Shimazu Narioki
Shimazu Nariakira
Shimazu Tadayoshi (with their father, Shimazu Hisamitsu, as regent)
Shimazu Tadashige
Shimazu Tadahide
Shimazu Nobuhiso
Shimazu Mepogami
Other members
Shimazu Toshihisa
Shimazu Iehisa
Shimazu Toyohisa
Shimazu Tadahira
Shimazu Tadamune
Shimazu Sanehisa
Shimazu Kiriyama (Exiled, self-imposed)
Shimazu Shigehide
Important retainers
The Shimazu shichi-tō comprised the seven most significant vassal families—the Niiro, Hokugō, Ijuin, Machida, Kawakami, Ata and Kajiki.
Sengoku period
Ijuin Tadaaki
Ijuin Tadaao
Ijuin Tadamune
Ijuin Tadazane
Niiro Tadamoto
Tanegashima Tokitaka
Uwai Kakuken
Yamada Arinobu
Yamada Arinaga
Akizuki Tanezane
Akizuki Tanenaga
Ei Hisatora
Edo period
Kabayama Hisataka
Shō Nei, King of Ryūkyū
Shō Tai, King of Ryūkyū
Saigō Takamori
See also
Sengan-en
Takako Shimazu
Bombardment of Kagoshima
Notes
References
Appert, Georges and H. Kinoshita. (1888). Ancien Japon. Tokyo: Imprimerie Kokubunsha.
Nussbaum, Louis Frédéric and Käthe Roth. (2005). Japan Encyclopedia. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. ;
Kerr, George H. and Mitsugu Sakihara. (2000). Okinawa, the History of an Island People. Tokyo: Tuttle Publishing. ; OCLC 247416761
Papinot, Jacques Edmund Joseph. (1906) Dictionnaire d'histoire et de géographie du japon. Tokyo: Librarie Sansaisha. ; Nobiliaire du japon (abridged version of 1906 text).
Sansom, George. (1958). A History of Japan: 1615-1867. Stanford University Press.
Daimyo
Ryukyu Islands
The following Union Army units and commanders fought in the Second Battle of Kernstown of the American Civil War, on July 24, 1864, in Kernstown, now part of the City of Winchester, Virginia. The Confederate order of battle is shown separately.
Abbreviations used
Military rank
MG = Major General
BG = Brigadier General
Col = Colonel
Ltc = Lieutenant Colonel
Maj = Major
Cpt = Captain
Lt = Lieutenant
Bvt = Brevet Rank
Other
w = wounded
mw = mortally wounded
k = killed
Army of West Virginia
BG George Crook
Cavalry
See also
Second Battle of Kernstown
References
Kernstown Battlefield Association
American Civil War orders of battle
Miss Firecracker is a 1989 American comedy film directed by Thomas Schlamme. It stars Holly Hunter, Mary Steenburgen, Tim Robbins, Alfre Woodard, and Scott Glenn. The film, set in Yazoo City, Mississippi, was written by Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright Beth Henley and is based on their 1984 play The Miss Firecracker Contest. Holly Hunter reprised the role of Carnelle Scott, whom they played in an off-Broadway production of Henley's play.
Plot
Carnelle enters the Miss Firecracker beauty pageant which their hometown of Yazoo City, Mississippi, stages every Fourth of July, hoping to emulate their cousin Elain's win years prior. Carnelle was taken in as an orphan by their genteel cousins after the death of their mother and grows up promiscuous, brash, unfeminine and lacking in grace. Carnelle's closest friends and relatives think they are heading for a big disappointment instead of a triumph at the pageant, but Carnelle is ever hopeful.
When their male cousin, the eccentric sociopath Delmount, decides to sell the house they both live in to make money, Carnelle becomes even more determined to win, viewing it as a way to escape their small town existence. Elain returns to the town to give a speech at the pageant after a breakup with their husband. Carnelle insists Elain let them wear the red dress in which they won the contest, thinking that will guarantee their success. Elain delays giving Carnelle the dress and makes excuses as to why they cannot have it while pretending to be supportive.
Carnelle surprisingly gets on the shortlist for the pageant when one of the other contestants pulls out. Without a red dress they break into a locked room in the house previously occupied by a sick relative and takes an old dress to wear. They come last at the final and is frustrated by their failure. Back at the house, they discover Elain had brought the dress with them all along and had been lying to them They confront Elain about this, realizing the pageant is not the most important thing after all, then leaves the house and goes to the town observatory and watches the pageant fireworks display.
Cast
Production and release
Costing US$4 million, Miss Firecracker was the first production for Corsair Pictures, a division of United Artists Communications. Scheduled for release in February 1989, it debuted on April 28 of that year and grossed US$1.85 million in North America. A VHS release from HBO Home Video followed in November. Miss Firecracker was released on DVD on May 25, 2004 from Millennium Entertainment.
Critical reception
The film has a 75% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 12 reviews. Roger Ebert gave the film 3 and ½ stars out of four and said, "What finally makes 'Miss Firecracker' special is that it is not about who wins the contest, but about how all beauty contests are about the need to be loved and about how silly a beauty contest can seem if somebody really loves you." They lauded director Thomas Schlamme and cinematographer Arthur Albert for capturing the local atmosphere of Yazoo City with a "moony, romantic glow." Ebert praised not just the performance of Holly Hunter, but also called Tim Robbins and Alfre Woodard "the hidden treasures of the movie."
Michael Wilmington of the Los Angeles Times wrote, "When [Henley's] dialogue is working right, [she] gets the audience laughing and snorting by turns. What usually saves them is the innate theatricality of their main subject, Southern women, and of their approach.”
See also
List of American films of 1989
References
External links
Miss Firecracker at AllMovie
1989 films
1989 comedy films
American comedy films
American independent films
Films about beauty pageants
American films based on plays
Films set in Mississippi
Films shot in Mississippi
Independence Day (United States) films
Films scored by David Mansfield
Films with screenplays by Beth Henley
1989 directorial debut films
1980s female buddy films
Films directed by Thomas Schlamme
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Maja Vukoces is a mountain in northern Albania in the Accursed Mountains range with a height of 2,450m. It lies close to the border with Montenegro, about 7 km southwest of the village Vusanje. Like others in the range, it too has a steep, rocky summit. It is even more difficult to climb it at winter when the snow and ice make the route to the peak and summit impossible to reach.
References
External links
Summitpost, Maja Vukoces
Mountains of Albania
Accursed Mountains
Arban Severin (née Ornelas) (born October 20, 1976) is an American composer, musician and film actor.
Born in Beaumont, Texas, USA, to two classical musicians; their mother is a violinist, their father, a trumpet player, jazz bassist and professor of music.  They are named after the 19th century French cornet composer, Jean-Baptiste Arban who their father wrote their doctoral dissertation on. Arban is married to Steven Severin (former bassist/songwriter with Siouxsie and the Banshees and latterly film and theatre score composer) by whom they have had a son, Cage. (named after 20th-century American avant-garde composer, John Cage)
Them maternal grandmother, Violette Newton, was named Poet Laureate of Texas in 1973, and is the author of several books, mostly poetry.
They come from a long line of musicians on their father's side. Them paternal grandfather, Antonio "Tony" Ornelas, was part of a group of jazz musicians who started the Corpus Christi Jazz Festival. Their saxophone hangs in a museum in that city, Corpus Christi, Texas
They attended art schools in Texas and Seattle, studying painting, multi-media and design.
Although they come from a family of musicians they never learned to play an instrument, instead focusing on the visual arts, specifically drawing and painting. It was not until they were 24, that they started up an electronic duo named Darling Hate with SoCal electronic musician Paul Palazuelos. They released a few songs as demos online, which caught the attention of Siouxsie and the Banshees bassist Steven Severin. Severin brought Arban over to London to record the demos in a "proper" studio, this is how they met and consequently fell in love and married.
Them father's family is originally from Mexico. Them mother's family immigrated to America from England, Scotland (by way of Northern Ireland), Germany and France.
Formerly the singer and a musician in the band Darling Hate, they are now credited as the co-producer (with their husband) of the soundtrack derived album "London Voodoo" (the original soundtrack to the British independent supernatural thriller) and joint composer, again with their husband, of Beauty and the Beast; a score originally created for performances by dancer/choreographer Shakti. Arban and Steven Severin's soundtrack for the film Nature Morte, was released on their Subconscious music label on 16 October 2006. Arban's first solo score is for the British independent sci-fi thriller Mindflesh, which is currently in post-production.
Previously an actor, notably with the independent US film company Troma, as Arban Ornelas, they have also portrayed the popular comic book character "Vampirella". They had a brief pin-up career before devoting themselves fully to music and their family. They have been painted by famous pin up artist Olivia De Berardinis, as well as fantasy artists Luis Royo and Simon Bisley.
In late 2007, Arban hooked up with Demian Castellanos (the Orichalc Phase/the Oscillation) to form a new group called The Dream Machine.
See also
Troma
References
Lowrider Model - Arban Ornelas - Aug 2002 Cover Model, Lowrider Magazine, August 2000
External links
Arban Ornelas. Scream Queen of the Month. Scream Queen, September 2001(?)
American women composers
21st-century American composers
1976 births
Living people
People from Beaumont, Texas
21st-century American women musicians
21st-century women composers
Lee Montague (born Leonard Goldberg; 16 October 1927) is an English actor noted for their roles in film and television, usually playing tough guys.
Montague was a student of the Old Vic School.
Montague's film credits include The Camp on Blood Island, Billy Budd, The Secret of Blood Island, Deadlier Than the Male, Brother Sun, Sister Moon, Jesus of Nazareth, Mahler and The Legacy. Their theatre credits include: Who Saw Him Die by Tudor Gates staged in 1974 at London's Theatre Royal Haymarket in which they played the part of John Rawlings, the nemesis of former police Superintendent Pratt played by Stratford Johns. On Broadway, they portrayed Gregory Hawke in The Climate of Eden (1952), and Ed in Entertaining Mr. Sloane (1965).
Montague's television credits include: Somerset Maugham TV Theatre, Espionage, The Four Just Men, Danger Man, The Baron, The Troubleshooters, Department S, Dixon of Dock Green, The Sweeney, Holocaust, Space: 1999, Minder, The Chinese Detective, Bergerac, Bird of Prey, Dempsey and Makepeace, Jekyll & Hyde, Casualty and Waking the Dead. In the sitcom Seconds Out, they had a regular part as the manager of a boxer played by Robert Lindsay. In Bergerac, they played Henri Dupont in several episodes.
Montague was the first storyteller on the BBC children's programme Jackanory in 1965, and they narrated in fifteen episodes between 1965 and 1966.
Selected filmography
Moulin Rouge (1952)
The Silent Enemy (1958)
The Camp on Blood Island (1958)
Blind Date (1959)
The Savage Innocents (1960)
Edgar Wallace Mysteries (1961) Episode: Man at the Carlton Tower
The Secret Partner (1961)
The Singer Not the Song (1961)
Billy Budd (1962)
Operation Snatch (1962)
Edgar Wallace Mysteries (1963) Episode: Five to One (film)
The Secret of Blood Island (1964)
You Must Be Joking! (1965)
Deadlier Than the Male (1967)
How I Won the War (1967)
Nobody Runs Forever (1968)
The Spy Killer (1969)
Morning Story (1970) as Danny Robbins
Brother Sun, Sister Moon (1972)
Eagle in a Cage (1972)
The Best Pair of Legs in the Business (1973)
Mahler (1974)
Jesus of Nazareth (1977)
Brass Target (1978)
The Legacy (1978)
The London Connection (1979)
If You Go Down in the Woods Today (1981)
Pope John Paul II (1984)
Lady Jane (1986)
Madame Sousatzka (1988)
Selected theatre performances
Dr Prentice in What the Butler Saw by Joe Orton. Directed by Braham Murray at the Royal Exchange, Manchester. (1977)
Mr Antrobus in The Skin of Our Teeth by Thornton Wilder. Directed by Richard Negri and James Maxwell at the Royal Exchange, Manchester. (1977)
Barney Cashman in Last of the Red Hot Lovers by Neil Simon. British premiere directed by Eric Thompson at the Royal Exchange, Manchester. (1979)
Cyprien in Court in the Act by Maurice Hennequin. British premiere directed by Braham Murray at the Royal Exchange, Manchester. (1986)
Alfredo Mezzabotta in Doctor Heart by Peter Muller. British premiere directed by Braham Murray at the Royal Exchange, Manchester. (1991)
References
External links
1927 births
Living people
English male film actors
English male television actors
People from Bow, London
Male actors from London
Best Actor BAFTA Award (television) winners
Bordj El Houasse (also written Bordj El Haouasse or Bordj El Haouès) is a town and commune in Djanet District, Djanet Province, Algeria. It is part of Djanet District. According to the 2008 census it has a population of 2,963, up from 2,185 in 1998, and an annual population growth rate of 3.2%. Its municipal code is 3305.
Geography
Bordj El Houasse lies at an elevation of on a flat rocky plateau, beneath the Tassili n'Ajjer mountain range that rises to the north and northwest. An intermittent river (wadi) passes by the town to the southwest, flowing from northwest to southeast out of the mountains.
Climate
Bordj El Houasse has a hot desert climate (Köppen climate classification BWh), with very hot summers and mild winters, and very little precipitation throughout the year.
Transportation
The town of Bordj El Houasse lies at the intersection between the N3 highway (to Illizi in the north and Djanet to the east) and the N55 highway to the south (to Idlès and, via the N1, Tamanrasset). A local road also leads west to the village of Tabakat to the west. The nearest airport is Djanet Inedbirene Airport.
Education
2.2% of the population has a tertiary education (the lowest rate in the province), and another 7.7% has completed secondary education. The overall literacy rate is 60.9%, and is 77.6% among males and 40.5% among females; all three rates are the lowest in the province.
Localities
The commune is composed of two localities:
Bordj El Houasse
Iherir
References
Neighbouring towns and cities
Djanet District
Tuareg
Communes of Illizi Province
Essaïd Belkalem (; born 1 January 1989) is an Algerian professional footballer who plays as a defender for JS Kabylie and the Algeria national team.
Club career
In 2008, Belkalem was promoted to the JS Kabylie senior team from the club's junior ranks.
In the 2009–2010 season, Belkalem made 20 appearances, scoring one goal.
On 18 July 2010, Belkalem scored JS Kabylie's only goal in the win over Egyptian club Ismaily in the group stage of the 2010 CAF Champions League with a header in the 75th minute.
In February 2013, with their contract expiring in June, Belkalem said that they would be leaving JS Kabylie at the end of the season to join a European club.
Granada
In June 2013, with their contract with JS Kabylie expired, it was announced that Belkalem had signed a five-year contract with Spanish La Liga club Granada, joining them on a free transfer.
Watford
Belkalem signed for Championship club Watford on a season-long loan on 12 August 2013.
They wore the number 5 shirt. They made their debut for Watford in their 2–0 League Cup victory over Bournemouth on 28 August 2013, playing the full 90 minutes. Their league debut came in a 1–1 draw at home to Charlton Athletic on 14 September 2013.
Watford exercised the right to make Belkalem's move a permanent one following the expiry of their loan, joining on an undisclosed deal in June 2014.
On 10 August 2016, Belkalem was released from their contract at Watford, after playing 10 times in three years.
Trabzonspor (loan)
After moving to Watford on a permanent basis in the summer of 2014, Belkalem made the move to Turkish Süper Lig side Trabzonspor on a season-long loan deal linking up with former Algeria coach Vahid Halilhodžić. Having made 16 appearances in the league, eight in the Europa League, scoring three goals, Belkalem finalised their loan spell at Trabzonspor on 2 June 2015.
JS Kabylie
On 15 January 2018, after six months without a contract, Belkalem returned to their former club JS Kabylie.
International career
In 2007, Belkalem was called up to the Algerian U20 national team for the first edition of the Mediterranean Trophy held in Sicily, Italy. In 2008, they started in a 2009 African Youth Championship qualifier against Mauritania.
In August 2009, Belkalem received their first call-up to the Algeria Under-23 national team for a week-long training camp in Algiers.
In 2010, they were called up to the Algeria A' national team for a qualifier against Libya.
On 12 May 2012, Belkalem was called up for the first time to the Algeria national team for the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers against Mali and Rwanda, and the return leg of the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against the Gambia. On 9 September, they made their debut for the team as a starter in the first leg of the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations second round qualifier against Libya. Belkalem played the entire match as Algeria went on to win 1–0.
On 31 May 2014, Belkalem played an International Friendly, they scored their first international goal, they scored the first goal of the match between their team Algeria against Armenia and Algeria won the match by score of 3–1.
Belkalem was later included in Algeria's squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup, helping them to the Round of 16 for the first time ever.
Honours
In 2009, Belkalem was chosen as the third best young talent in the Algerian Championnat National behind Abderahmane Hachoud and Youcef Ghazali in a vote conducted by DZFoot.
References
1989 births
Living people
People from Mekla
Kabyle people
Algerian footballers
Association football defenders
Algeria international footballers
Algeria A' international footballers
Algeria youth international footballers
Algeria under-23 international footballers
2011 African Nations Championship players
2013 Africa Cup of Nations players
2014 FIFA World Cup players
Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 players
English Football League players
Süper Lig players
Ligue 2 players
JS Kabylie players
Granada CF footballers
Watford F.C. players
Trabzonspor footballers
US Orléans players
Algerian expatriate footballers
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
The Bryce Commission may refer to:
Royal Commission on Secondary Education, an 1895 Royal Commission headed by James Bryce, 1st Viscount Bryce
Committee on Alleged German Outrages, a World War I commission also headed by Viscount Bryce
Royal Commission on Corporate Concentration, a 1975–1978 Canadian Royal Commission headed by Robert Broughton Bryce
Bryce Commission (House of Lords reform) - A Commission in the United Kingdom which in 1918 reported on House of Lords reform
General Sing Rattanasamay (1912–1973) was one of the officers who founded the Royal Lao Army (RLA). Originally a police officer, they joined the anti-Japanese resistance during World War II, and the anti-French Lao Issara from 1946 to 1949. They subsequently joined the nascent RLA, and went on to serve the Kingdom of Laos until just prior to their death in 1973.
Background
The colonial army in the French Protectorate of Laos was one of Lao recruits and French officers and non-commissioned officers. Those few Lao promoted out of the ranks rose no further than command of a company. After the Kingdom of Laos gained its freedom in 1953, the few Lao with military experience were speedily promoted to much higher command positions than they were accustomed to. Many officers were also commissioned into the upper ranks from civilian life; they tended to gain their posts through family influence rather than training or ability. The few urban elite families who dominated Lao society felt it advantageous to have family members or friends in the military command.
Early life and colonial service
Sing Rattanasamay was born in Vientiane, the French Protectorate of Laos, in 1912, and was educated there. They served originally as a non-commissioned officer in the colonial Garde Indigene (Indigenous Guard) police force in the French Protectorate of Laos prior to World War II. In October 1945, Sing joined the Lao Issara independence movement; they were given command of the civil guard in Vientiane. They were subsequently appointed as the original Lao Issara defense minister by Prince Phetsarath. However, Prince Souphanouvong claimed the post of commander-in-chief of the Lao Issara Army for the Liberation and Defense of Laos, which led to conflict with Sing. In November 1945, Sing was wounded in fighting on the Plain of Jars and sidelined to convalesce. Dissension within the Lao Issara led to Sing's dismissal in November 1948. After the Lao Issara disbanded and an amnesty declared for its participants in October 1949, Sing returned to Laos and joined the French-run Armée Nationale Laotienne (Laotian National Army) to restart their military career. In spring 1953, Captain Sing was the first Laotian appointed to battalion command. After the French cadres rotated home, Major Sing was promoted to command of Military Region 3 in early 1955.
Service for the Kingdom of Laos
Their early participation in the Laotian Civil War is unknown. However, when General Phoumi Nosavan took charge of the nation in December 1959, Sing backed him. When Captain Kong Le captured the capital in their coup, Sing was there. They declared for the coup. Their status in Phoumi's December 1960 counter-coup is unknown.
On 5 May 1961, Sing was entrusted as leader of a ceasefire delegation to the Pathet Lao communists. In a meeting located between Vientiane and the Plain of Jars at Ban Namone, it was agreed that the International Control Commission from the 1954 Geneva accords would be revived to police the truce. By 4 May, the ICC was arriving in Laos. During the ceasefire, the Royal Lao Government, the Pathet Lao, and the Forces Armées Neutralistes (FAN) of Kong Le would meet to negotiate terms of a coalition government.
In 1970, Sing was promoted to general, and named as military adviser to the Royal Lao Government. In 1973, they retired shortly before their death.
Notes
Bibliography
Anthony, Victor B., and Richard R. Sexton (1993). The War in Northern Laos. Command for Air Force History. OCLC 232549943.
1912 births
1973 deaths
Laotian military personnel
People from Vientiane
People of the Laotian Civil War
Balacra alberici is a moth of the family Erebidae. It was described by Abel Dufrane in 1945. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
References
Balacra
Moths described in 1945
Erebid moths of Africa
Arthur Davies (11 April 1941 – 8 August 2018) was a Welsh tenor who had an active international performance career from the 1970s through the 1990s. They performed leading roles with The Royal Opera in London, the Welsh National Opera, the Scottish Opera, and the English National Opera.
Life and career
Born in Wrexham, Wales, Davies was a graduate of the Royal Northern College of Music where they were a pupil of tenor Joseph Ward. In 1972 they made their professional opera debut as Squeak in Benjamin Britten's Billy Budd at the Welsh National Opera (WNO). They subsequently performed numerous times for the WNO in parts like Count Almaviva in Rossini's The Barber of Seville, Don José in Bizet's Carmen, Ferrando in Mozart's Così fan tutte, Nemorino in Donizetti's L'elisir d'amore, Rodolfo in Puccini's La bohème, and the title role in Britten's Albert Herring.
In 1976 Davies made their debut at The Royal Opera in London in the world premiere of Hans Werner Henze's We Come to the River. They returned to the Royal Opera as Alfredo in Verdi's La traviata, Foresto in their Attila, Pinkerton in Puccini's Madama Butterfly, and Steva in Janáček's Jenůfa. They sang many roles for the English National Opera, including Don Ottavio in Mozart's Don Giovanni, the Duke of Mantua in Verdi's Rigoletto (creating the role in Jonathan Miller's mafioso version - also at the Met in 1984 and recorded), Gabriele Adorno in their Simon Boccanegra, Lensky in Tchaikovsky's Eugene Onegin, and the title roles in Gounod's Faust and Massenet's Werther, among others.
While Davies primarily performed in the UK, they occasionally performed elsewhere. They made their United States debut in 1985 at the Lyric Opera of Chicago as Don José. In 1990 they made their debut at the Cincinnati Opera as Faust and returned there in 1995 to portray the title role in Giordano's Andrea Chénier. They went on to perform the latter role widely for performances at the Bolshoi Theater in Moscow, the Leipzig Opera, the Municipal Theatre of Santiago, Chile, the New Orleans Opera, the Teatro Nacional de São Carlos in Lisbon, and the Vlaamse Opera in Belgium. They took the role of Foresto for their debut at the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires in 1994. They sang Gerontius in the first Russian performance of the oratorio Dream of Gerontius by Elgar in April 1983 under Svetlanov.
From 1998 to 1999 Davies taught vocal studies at the Welsh College of Music and Drama in Cardiff.
The Opera magazine obituary noted Davies's "easy, warmly communicative stage presence, a ringingly lyrical tenor sound and excellent diction". On retiring from the stage they ran a pub in Swansea.
References
External links
Profile, Opera Scotland
Sainwales.com
Arthur Davies | AllMusic
, from Verdi's Aida
1941 births
2018 deaths
Alumni of the Royal Northern College of Music
Welsh operatic tenors
People from Wrexham
20th-century Welsh male opera singers
Phtheochroa ochralana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Tunisia and on Malta.
References
Moths described in 1915
Phtheochroa
Urshan may refer to:
People
Andrew David Urshan (1884-1967), a Persian-born Assyrian evangelist and author.
Shamiram Urshan (1938–2011), also known as Shamiram Ourshan was an Assyrian singer.
Other
Urshan College, Christian College in Florissant, Missouri.
Urshan Graduate School of Theology, a college.
Urshan Gateway Library, academic library that supports Urshan Graduate School of Theology and Urshan College.
Nicholas Manza Kamakya (born 1 January 1985) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes in road running events, including marathons.
They were the 2007 winner of the Boilermaker Road Race 15K. In 2009 they came second at the Prague Half Marathon with a personal best of 1:00:09 hours, won the Göteborgsvarvet, was second at the Beijing Marathon. and won the Montferland Run missing Haile Gebrselassie record by only two seconds.
They ran at the 2010 Rome Marathon and finished in sixth place. In 2011, they were the runner-up at the Los Angeles Marathon, ending the race with a time of 2:09:26, which was almost three minutes after the race winner Markos Geneti. Manza won the Gold Coast Marathon in 2011, with a new race record of 2:10:01. They improved their personal best time to 2:06:34 hours at the 2011 Amsterdam Marathon, finishing in fourth place. They entered the 2011 Honolulu Marathon, but withdrew early on in the race due to pain in their Achilles tendon. They ran at the Lake Biwa Marathon in March 2012, but did not finish this race either. At run of 2:08:28 brought them fourth place at the 2012 Berlin Marathon.
Personal bests
5000 metres - 13:30.81 min (2004)
10,000 metres - 28:16.77 min (2008)
Half marathon - 1:00:09 hrs (2009)
Marathon - 2:06:34 hrs (2009)
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Kenyan male long-distance runners
Kenyan male marathon runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Kenya
20th-century Kenyan people
21st-century Kenyan people
The National Society of Street Masons, Paviors and Road Makers was a trade union representing pavers in the United Kingdom.
The union was founded in 1890 as the Amalgamated Union of Street Masons, Paviors, Stone Dressers and Rammermen. It had 687 members by the end of the year, but this dropped rapidly, to only 97 in 1892. Membership then began increasing once more.
In 1896, the union was renamed as the United Street Masons, Paviors and Stone Dressers Society of Great Britain and Ireland, while in 1899 it became the Street Masons, Paviors, Stone and Sett Dressers Society. Membership peaked at 893 in 1900, then began a gradual decline again. The union became the Amalgamated Operative Street Masons, Paviors, Stone and Sett Dressers Society of Great Britain and Ireland in 1913, and the National Amalgamated Operative Street Masons, Paviors and Roadmakers Society of Great Britain and Ireland in 1919.
In 1914, Arthur Gill became general secretary of the union, and they served in the post for forty years. Under their leadership, the union was a founder member of the National Federation of Building Trade Operatives.
By 1966, the union had 1,400 members. That year, it merged into the Amalgamated Union of Building Trade Workers.
General Secretaries
1890s: William Crew
1914: Arthur Gill
1954: W. Armitage
References
Defunct trade unions of the United Kingdom
Trade unions established in 1890
Trade unions disestablished in 1966
Paving trade unions
Trade unions based in West Yorkshire
Bishpool is a suburb within the electoral ward of Ringland, Newport. It lies to the western side of Ringland. Its facilities include Bishpool Methodist Church, Bishpool Dairy, and The Man of Gwent. With modern housing, it has a population of 400.
References
Districts of Newport, Wales
The Delessericaeae is a family of about 100 genera of marine red alga.
Genera
References
External links
Algaebase: Delesseriaceae
Red algae families
Ilyocryptidae is a family of crustaceans belonging to the order Diplostraca.
Genera:
Ilyocryptus Sars, 1861
References
Diplostraca
Crustacean families
Holding is a four-part television series based on the debut novel of the same name by Graham Norton. It premiered on ITV on 14 March 2022 and on Virgin Media More in Ireland on 12 April 2022.
Cast
Main
Conleth Hill as PJ Collins
Siobhán McSweeney as Bríd Riordan
Charlene McKenna as Evelyn Ross
Helen Behan as Abigail Ross
Amy Conroy as Florence Ross
Pauline McLynn as Eileen O'Driscoll
Olwen Fouéré as Kitty Harrington
Clinton Liberty as Linus Dunne
Gary Shelford as Anthony Riordan
Eleanor Tiernan as Susan Hickey
Sky Yang as Stephen Chen
Brenda Fricker as Lizzie Meaney
Supporting
Production
Development
It was announced in May 2021 that ITV had commissioned a four-part adaptation of Graham Norton's novel. Dominic Treadwell-Collins and Karen Cogan would write the script for ITV's label Happy Prince with Kathy Burke directing and Martina Niland for Port Pictures.
Casting
Alongside the commission in May, Conleth Hill was cast as the lead character PJ Collins. It was later announced in July 2021 that Siobhán McSweeney, Charlene McKenna, Helen Behan, Pauline McLynn, and Brenda Fricker would star alongside Hill with the likes of Clinton Liberty, Amy Conroy, Olwen Fouéré, Eleanor Tiernan, Gary Shelford, Lochlann Ó Mearáin, Sky Yang, and Demi Isaac Oviawe also having joined the cast.
Filming
Principal photography took place on location in West Cork with support from Screen Ireland, beginning in July 2021 and wrapping in October. Filming locations included Drimoleague and Castletownshend.
References
External links
2022 British television series debuts
2022 British television series endings
2020s British crime drama television series
2020s British television miniseries
2022 Irish television series debuts
2022 Irish television series endings
ITV crime dramas
Television shows based on Irish novels
Television series by ITV Studios
English-language television shows
Fashchivka () may refer to the following places in Ukraine:
Fashchivka, Alchevsk Raion, Luhansk Oblast
Fashchivka, Antratsyt Raion, Luhansk Oblast
Fashchivka, Ternopil Oblast
Spectacle Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, comprising c. 54 ha. and located southeast of Shawnigan Lake on southern Vancouver Island.
References
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Cowichan Valley
Protected areas established in 1963
1963 establishments in British Columbia
Nieuwegein-Zuid is a tram stop of the Utrecht sneltram network, located in the most southern part of Nieuwegein. The stop opened in 1983. Today it is the terminus of tram route 20 from Utrecht Central Station and P+R Science Park. It connects the Hoog-Zandveld neighbourhood of Nieuwegein with IJsselstein and Utrecht. It is located right next to a shopping center.
Following route
Tram 20 to the north: Nieuwegein City (tram stop), Utrecht Central Station, P+R Science Park (Uithof)
Tram 20 to the south: terminus
References
Tram transport in the Netherlands
Rail transport in Utrecht (city)
Transport in Utrecht (province)
4th Regiment may refer to:
Australia
4th Regiment, Royal Australian Artillery
4th Light Horse Regiment (Australia)
4th Combat Engineer Regiment (Australia)
France
4th Infantry Regiment (France)
Greece
4th Infantry Regiment (Greece)
4th Archipelago Regiment
4/41 Evzone Regiment
Italy
4th Mountain Artillery Regiment (Italy)
Lithuania
4th Infantry Regiment (Lithuania)
4th Lithuanian Vanguard Regiment
Philippine Commonwealth
4th Infantry Regiment (Philippine Commonwealth Army)
4th Infantry Regiment (Philippine Constabulary) - The military establishment of the 4th Infantry Regiment of the Philippine Constabulary was active on 1935 to 1942 and 1944 to 1946 under the U.S. military command and they stationed in Southern Luzon, Mindoro and Palawan.
Poland
4th Regiment of Line Infantry, a unit of Kingdom of Poland created in 1815, known by its nick-name Czwartacy
United Kingdom
4th Regiment of Foot
4th Regiment Royal Artillery
United States
4th Continental Artillery Regiment
4th Air Defense Artillery Regiment
4th Field Artillery Regiment
4th Regiment, New York State Artillery (redesignated as the 1st Battalion, 258th Field Artillery (United States))
4th Cavalry Regiment (United States)
4th Infantry Regiment (United States)
4th United States Colored Infantry Regiment
4th Marine Regiment (United States)
Mohamed Hussein (born 10 September 1991) is an Egyptian swimmer. At the 2016 Summer Olympics they competed in the Men's 200 m individual medley.
References
1991 births
Living people
Olympic swimmers of Egypt
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
African Games bronze medalists for Egypt
African Games medalists in swimming
Competitors at the 2011 All-Africa Games
Male medley swimmers
Male backstroke swimmers
Egyptian male swimmers
Moussa Guel (born 23 June 1999) is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French side Red Star.
Career
Guel started playing at the age of five, but formally joined FC Lorient in 2009, at ten years of age. They made their professional debut for Lorient in a 2–1 Ligue 2 win over FC Sochaux-Montbéliard on 8 December 2017.
After playing for Red Star on loan in the 2021–22 season, on 6 July 2022 Guel rejoined the club on a permanent basis.
Personal life
Guel's father, Tchiressoua Guel, was also a professional footballer and represented the Ivory Coast national team.
References
External links
FC Lorient club profile
1999 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Abidjan
Ivorian footballers
Association football forwards
FC Lorient players
US Quevilly-Rouen Métropole players
Valenciennes FC players
Red Star F.C. players
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National players
Championnat National 2 players
The 2022 Championship League was a professional ranking snooker tournament that took place from 28 June to 29 July 2022 at the Morningside Arena in Leicester, England. The event featured 128 players and was played as three rounds of round-robin groups of four, before a best-of-five final. It was the 19th edition of the Championship League and the first ranking tournament of the 2022–23 snooker season.
David Gilbert was the defending champion, having defeated Mark Allen 3–1 in the final of the previous ranking edition of the tournament. However, they were knocked out during the second group stage of this edition.
Luca Brecel won the tournament, defeating Lu Ning 3–1 to win their third ranking title and second Championship League title.
Tournament format
The 2022 Championship League took place from 28 June to 29 July 2022 at the Morningside Arena in Leicester, England.
128 players took part in the event. The competition began with 32 rounds of group matches with each group consisting of four players. Two groups were played to a finish every day during four blocks, from 28 June to 1 July, from 4 to 7 July, from 11 to 14 July, and from 18 to 21 July using a two-table setup in the arena. The groups were contested using a round-robin format, with six matches played in each group. All matches in group play were played as best of four frames, with three points awarded for a win and one point for a draw. Group positions were determined by points scored, frame difference and then head-to-head results between players who were tied. Places that were still tied were then determined by the highest made in the group.
The 32 players that topped the group tables qualified for the group winners' stage, consisting of eight groups of four players. The eight winners from the group winners' stage qualified for the two final groups, with the final taking place later on the same day. The winner took the Championship League title and a place at the 2022 Champion of Champions.
Prize fund
The breakdown of prize money for the tournament is shown below.
Stage One
Winner: £3,000
Runner-up: £2,000
Third place: £1,000
Fourth place: £0
Stage Two
Winner: £4,000
Runner-up: £3,000
Third place: £2,000
Fourth place: £1,000
Stage Three
Winner: £6,000
Runner-up: £4,000
Third place: £2,000
Fourth place: £1,000
Final
Winner: £20,000
Runner-up: £10,000
Tournament total: £328,000
Summary
Tournament draw
Stage One
Stage One consisted of 32 groups, each containing four players.
Group 1
Group 1 was played on 4 July.
Group 2
Group 2 was played on 19 July.
Group 3
Group 3 was played on 7 July.
Group 4
Group 4 was played on 29 June.
Group 5
Group 5 was played on 11 July.
Group 6
Group 6 was played on 30 June.
Group 7
Group 7 was played on 19 July.
Group 8
Group 8 was played on 21 July.
Group 9
Group 9 was played on 6 July.
Group 10
Group 10 was played on 1 July.
Group 11
Group 11 was played on 18 July.
Group 12
Group 12 was played on 21 July.
Group 13
Group 13 was played on 28 June.
Group 14
Group 14 was played on 18 July.
Group 15
Group 15 was played on 5 July.
Group 16
Group 16 was played on 20 July.
Group 17
Group 17 was played on 14 July.
Group 18
Group 18 was played on 13 July.
Group 19
Group 19 was played on 20 July.
Jimmy White withdrew from the group due to travel issues.
Group 20
Group 20 was played on 13 July.
Group 21
Group 21 was played on 12 July.
Group 22
Group 22 was played on 12 July.
Group 23
Group 23 was played on 7 July.
Group 24
Group 24 was played on 28 June.
Group 25
Group 25 was played on 14 July.
Group 26
Group 26 was played on 30 June.
Group 27
Group 27 was played on 4 July.
Group 28
Group 28 was played on 11 July.
Group 29
Group 29 was played on 1 July.
Group 30
Group 30 was played on 6 July.
Group 31
Group 31 was played on 29 June.
Group 32
Group 32 was played on 5 July.
Stage Two
Stage Two consisted of eight groups, each containing four players.
Group A
Group A was played on 27 July.
Group B
Group B was played on 28 July.
Group C
Group C was played on 26 July.
Group D
Group D was played on 27 July.
Group E
Group E was played on 25 July.
Group F
Group F was played on 25 July.
Group G
Group G was played on 28 July.
Group H
Group H was played on 26 July.
Stage Three
Stage Three consisted of two groups, each containing four players.
Group 1
Group 1 was played on 29 July.
Group 2
Group 2 was played on 29 July.
Final
Century breaks
A total of 106 century breaks were made during the tournament.
145, 138, 125, 123, 105, 105, 101, 101 Zhao Xintong
144, 112, 109, 103, 100 Shaun Murphy
142, 104 Mark Allen
141, 106 Matthew Selt
140, 133 Mark Williams
139, 135, 129 Lu Ning
139, 108 Chris Wakelin
138 David Lilley
137, 136, 108, 107, 104 Pang Junxu
136, 108 Chang Bingyu
135, 132, 106 Zhou Yuelong
135, 130, 106 Ricky Walden
135 Lyu Haotian
134, 130, 102 Jamie Jones
133 Jak Joneses
133 Peng Yisong
133 Jimmy Robertson
131, 130, 108, 107 Michael White
131, 120 Stuart Bingham
131, 111 Ian Burns
130, 116, 114, 106 Anthony Hamilton
130 Jackson Page
127, 121 Ronnie O'Sullivan
127, 112, 111, 103, 103, 101 Xiao Guodong
127, 100 Ben Woollaston
125 Ryan Day
125 Andy Lee
124, 123, 117 Hossein Vafaei
120, 101 Wu Yize
118 Thepchaiya Un-Nooh
117, 115, 111, 108, 100 Jordan Brown
117 Ben Mertens
117 Joe Perry
115, 115 Gary Wilson
114, 108, 100 Luca Brecel
113 Louis Heathcote
113 Mark Selby
111, 100 Li Hang
111 Joe O'Connor
105, 102 Alexander Ursenbacher
105 Barry Hawkins
104 Cao Yupeng
104 Mark Davis
103 Dylan Emery
103 Tian Pengfei
102, 100 David Gilbert
101 Aaron Hill
101 Fraser Patrick
100 Sanderson Lam
100 Haydon Pinhey
References
External links
Matchroom Sport – Championship League Snooker
2022 (2)
2022 in snooker
2022 in English sport
June 2022 sports events in the United Kingdom
July 2022 sports events in the United Kingdom
2022 Championship League
Perochirus ateles, also known as Dumeril's tropical gecko or Micronesia saw-tailed gecko, is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae. It is endemic to Micronesia.
References
Perochirus
Reptiles described in 1856
Lignum is an unincorporated community in Culpeper County, Virginia, United States. Lignum is located on Virginia State Route 3 east-southeast of Culpeper. Lignum has a post office with ZIP code 22726, which opened on November 14, 1877.
References
Unincorporated communities in Culpeper County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Alþýðublaðið (Anglicised to Althydubladid) was a newspaper of the Social Democratic Party (Iceland). It was published between 29 October 1919 and 2 October 1998. The paper was originally published six times a week, but ceased as a daily paper on 1 August 1997. Its last edition came out on 2 October 1998.
References
External links
Published Issues at the National and University Library of Iceland
1919 establishments in Iceland
1998 disestablishments in Iceland
Defunct newspapers published in Iceland
Mass media in Reykjavík
Newspapers established in 1919
Publications disestablished in 1998
Daily newspapers published in Iceland
There are at least 314 named cemeteries in Idaho.
Idaho is a state in the Rocky Mountain area of the United States. Idaho is the 14th most expansive, the 39th most populous, and the 7th least densely populated of the 50 United States.
Malad City Cemetery, Oneida County, Idaho, , el.
Malta Cemetery, Cassia County, Idaho, , el.
Manard Cemetery, Camas County, Idaho, , el.
Mann Creek Cemetery, Washington County, Idaho, , el.
Marion Cemetery, Cassia County, Idaho, , el.
Marsh Cemetery, Clearwater County, Idaho, , el.
Marsh Center Cemetery, Bannock County, Idaho, , el.
Marsh Valley Cemetery, Bannock County, Idaho, , el.
Marsing-Homedale Cemetery, Owyhee County, Idaho, , el.
McRea Cemetery, Lemhi County, Idaho, , el.
Meadow Creek Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Meadows Valley Cemetery, Adams County, Idaho, , el.
Medimont Cemetery, Kootenai County, Idaho, , el.
Melrose Cemetery, Nez Perce County, Idaho, , el.
Memorial Gardens Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Mendenhall Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Meridian Cemetery, Ada County, Idaho, , el.
Midvale Cemetery, Washington County, Idaho, , el.
Miller Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Miller Creek Cemetery, Owyhee County, Idaho, , el.
Milo Cemetery, Bonneville County, Idaho, , el.
Miner Grave, Boise County, Idaho, , el.
Miners Union Cemetery, Shoshone County, Idaho, , el.
Moravia Cemetery, Boundary County, Idaho, , el.
Moreland Cemetery, Bingham County, Idaho, , el.
Morris Hill Cemetery, Ada County, Idaho, , el.
Morrow Cemetery, Lewis County, Idaho, , el.
Mount Calvary Cemetery, Canyon County, Idaho, , el.
Mount McCaleb Cemetery, Custer County, Idaho, , el.
Mount Zion Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Mountain View Cemetery, Elmore County, Idaho, , el.
Mountain View Cemetery, Camas County, Idaho, , el.
Mountain View Cemetery, Kootenai County, Idaho, , el.
Mountain View Cemetery, Ada County, Idaho, , el.
Mountain View Cemetery, Bannock County, Idaho, , el.
Mountain View Cemetery, Benewah County, Idaho, , el.
Murray Cemetery, Shoshone County, Idaho, , el.
Neeley Cemetery, Power County, Idaho, , el.
New Kilgore Cemetery, Clark County, Idaho, , el.
New Sweden Cemetery, Bonneville County, Idaho, , el.
Nicodemus Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Nikesa Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
North Riggins Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Nounan Cemetery, Bear Lake County, Idaho, , el.
O X Cemetery, Owyhee County, Idaho, , el.
Old Good Hope Cemetery, Nez Perce County, Idaho, , el.
Old Mission Cemetery, Kootenai County, Idaho, , el.
Olson Cemetery, Cassia County, Idaho, , el.
Overacker Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Ovid Cemetery, Bear Lake County, Idaho, , el.
Oxford Cemetery, Franklin County, Idaho, , el.
Pack River Cemetery, Bonner County, Idaho, , el.
Paradise Valley Cemetery, Boundary County, Idaho, , el.
Parkview Cemetery, Payette County, Idaho, , el.
Parma Cemetery, Canyon County, Idaho, , el.
Paul Cemetery, Minidoka County, Idaho, , el.
Peck Cemetery, Nez Perce County, Idaho, , el.
Pella Ward Cemetery, Cassia County, Idaho, , el.
Pine Crest Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Pine Grove Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Pine Grove Cemetery, Kootenai County, Idaho, , el.
Pine Grove Cemetery, Bonner County, Idaho, , el.
Pinecrest Cemetery, Bonner County, Idaho, , el.
Pioneer Cemetery, Gooding County, Idaho, , el.
Pioneer Cemetery, Owyhee County, Idaho, , el.
Pioneer Cemetery, Ada County, Idaho, , el.
Pioneer Cemetery, Boise County, Idaho, , el.
Pioneer Cemetery, Valley County, Idaho, , el.
Pioneer Cemetery, Gooding County, Idaho, , el.
Plano Cemetery, Madison County, Idaho, , el.
Pleasant Hill Cemetery, Cassia County, Idaho, , el.
Pleasant Ridge Cemetery, Canyon County, Idaho, , el.
Pleasant Valley Cemetery, Owyhee County, Idaho, , el.
Pleasant View Cemetery, Cassia County, Idaho, , el.
Preston Cemetery, Franklin County, Idaho, , el.
Raymond Cemetery, Bear Lake County, Idaho, , el.
Red Elk Cemetery, Nez Perce County, Idaho, , el.
Restlawn Memorial Park, Kootenai County, Idaho, , el.
Rexburg Cemetery, Madison County, Idaho, , el.
Rimrock Cemetery, Kootenai County, Idaho, , el.
Ririe Cemetery, Bonneville County, Idaho, , el.
Riverside Cemetery, Payette County, Idaho, , el.
Riverside Cemetery, Clearwater County, Idaho, , el.
Riverview Cemetery, Bingham County, Idaho, , el.
Riverview Cemetery, Fremont County, Idaho, , el.
Robin Cemetery, Bannock County, Idaho, , el.
Rock Creek Cemeteries, Twin Falls County, Idaho, , el.
Rock Creek Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Rose Hill Cemetery, Bonneville County, Idaho, , el.
Rose Lake Cemetery, Kootenai County, Idaho, , el.
Ross Fork Cemetery, Bingham County, Idaho, , el.
Roswell Cemetery, Canyon County, Idaho, , el.
Rupert Cemetery, Minidoka County, Idaho, , el.
Russell Cemetery, Lewis County, Idaho, , el.
Ruther Cemetery (historical), Minidoka County, Idaho, location unknown
Saint Anthony Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Saint Johns Lutheran Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Saint Maurus Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Saint Michaels Cemetery, Kootenai County, Idaho, , el.
Saint Thomas Cemetery, Kootenai County, Idaho, , el.
Sanders Cemetery, Benewah County, Idaho, , el.
Sawtooth Cemetery, Blaine County, Idaho, , el.
Seneacquoteen Cemetery, Bonner County, Idaho, , el.
Shoecraft and Gorman Grave Site, Clearwater County, Idaho, , el.
Shoshone Memorial Gardens, Shoshone County, Idaho, , el.
Skinner Cemetery, Bear Lake County, Idaho, , el.
Spencer Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Spink Cemetery, Valley County, Idaho, , el.
Squirrel Cemetery, Fremont County, Idaho, , el.
Standrod Cemetery, Cassia County, Idaho, location unknown
Stanley Cemetery, Custer County, Idaho, , el.
Stites Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Stone Cemetery, Owyhee County, Idaho, , el.
Sugar City Cemetery, Madison County, Idaho, , el.
Sunny Cedar Rest Cemetery, Cassia County, Idaho, , el.
Sunnyside Cemetery, Nez Perce County, Idaho, , el.
Sunset Memorial Gardens Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Sunset Memorial Park Cemetery, Twin Falls County, Idaho, , el.
Sutton Cemetery, Madison County, Idaho, , el.
Swan Valley Cemetery, Bonneville County, Idaho, , el.
Sweet Cemetery, Gem County, Idaho, , el.
Sweetwater Cemetery, Nez Perce County, Idaho, , el.
Tahoe Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Tammany Cemetery, Nez Perce County, Idaho, , el.
Targhee Cemetery, Fremont County, Idaho, , el.
Taylor Cemetery, Bonneville County, Idaho, , el.
Teh LaPa Low Cemetery, Lewis County, Idaho, , el.
Terrace Lawn Cemetery, Ada County, Idaho, , el.
Teton Cemetery, Madison County, Idaho, , el.
Thatcher Cemetery, Caribou County, Idaho, , el.
Thomas Riverside Cemetery, Bingham County, Idaho, , el.
Three Pines Cemetery, Clearwater County, Idaho, location unknown
Timmerman Cemetery, Blaine County, Idaho, , el.
Treasureton Cemetery, Franklin County, Idaho, , el.
Twin Falls Cemetery, Twin Falls County, Idaho, , el.
United Cemetery, Shoshone County, Idaho, , el.
Victor Cemetery, Teton County, Idaho, , el.
View Cemetery, Cassia County, Idaho, , el.
Washoe Cemetery, Payette County, Idaho, , el.
Weippe Cemetery, Clearwater County, Idaho, , el.
Wells Cemetery, Clearwater County, Idaho, , el.
Weseman Cemetery, Clearwater County, Idaho, , el.
Westmond Cemetery, Bonner County, Idaho, , el.
White Bird Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Whitney Cemetery, Franklin County, Idaho, , el.
Wild Rose Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Wilder Cemetery, Canyon County, Idaho, , el.
Wilson Cemetery, Owyhee County, Idaho, , el.
Winkler Cemetery, Adams County, Idaho, , el.
Winona Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Woodfell Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Woodland Cemetery, Bannock County, Idaho, , el.
Woodlawn Cemetery, Benewah County, Idaho, , el.
Woodville Cemetery, Bonneville County, Idaho, , el.
Worley Cemetery, Kootenai County, Idaho, , el.
Zion Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Notes
Cemeteries in Idaho
Idaho (M-Z)
The Peekskill Valley Railroad was a long narrow gauge railroad in Peekskill, New York. It was inaugurated in 1873.
History
The Peekskill Valley Railroad was built by the Peekskill Iron Company in 1873, from their furnaces, at Peekskill, Westchester county, to a point on the Hudson River Railroad, over a distance of seven miles. The gauge of this railway was , and was at its time of construction the narrowest freight carrier in the USA.
According to other sources, high grade iron ore from the Croft or Indian Lake Mines was extracted and transported by narrow gauge railway down Canopus Valley to the Peekskill Blast Furnace of the Empire State Iron Works at Annsville Creek from 1878 to 1887. The mine was abandoned in 1887 and the tracks removed for salvage in 1910.
The superstructure and equipment was very light. The weight of the locomotive was four tons.
See also
Peekskill Lighting and Railroad Company
Weblinks
Route superimposed onto OpenStreetMap
References
Railway companies established in 1873
Railway companies disestablished in 1910
Defunct railroads
2 ft gauge railways in the United States
Vijeta (English: The Victor) is a 1982 Indian coming-of-age Hindi film produced by Shashi Kapoor and directed by Govind Nihalani. It stars Shashi Kapoor, their son Kunal Kapoor, Rekha, Amrish Puri and Supriya Pathak with K.K. Raina, Raja Bundela and Shafi Inamdar, who went on to become notable supporting actors in Bollywood movies.
Plot
Angad (Kunal Kapoor) is a confused teenager trying to find themselves and is caught in between the marital problems of their Maharashtrian mother Neelima (Rekha) and Punjabi father Nihal (Shashi Kapoor), it is time for them to decide what they want to do with their life. Angad chooses to become a fighter pilot with the Indian Air Force. What follows is their struggle to become a victor both with their self and the outer world. Angad is attracted to Anna Varghese (Supriya Pathak), who is the daughter of their flying instructor Group Captain Varghese (Amrish Puri) a Malayali Syrian Christian. Angad must learn to adapt to flying, leaving their mom and dad for long periods of time, as well as try and woo Anna who helps them overcome their fears and realize their potential as a fighter pilot. Nihal is a clean-shaven Sikh, Neelima is a Hindu, Angad is a Sikh and Anna a Christian, while Angad's fellow officers represent all religions.
The film is notable for some rarely seen aerial photography of combat aircraft active with the IAF in the 1980s. The central character of Angad is a MiG-21 pilot and is shown flying the aircraft in the ground attack role in the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971. Much of the movie, including the climax involving a MiG-21bis, was shot at Pune. The IAF No.4 Squadron (the 'Oorials') provided the pilots and planes for the film's aerial sequences. The movie included good color footage of the Oorials aircraft in flight and in operation.
Cast
Shashi Kapoor as Nihal Singh
Rekha as Neelima Singh
Supriya Pathak as Anna Varghese
Kunal Kapoor as Angad
Madan Jain as Venkat Raju
Raja Bundela as Aslam Khan
K.K. Raina as Wilson
Amrish Puri as Group Captain Varghese, the Chief Instructor
Om Puri as Arvind
Dina Pathak as Angad's grandmother
Shafi Inamdar as Wing Commander Parulkar
Sulabha Deshpande
Capt Anup Ghosh as Squadron Leader
Music
Vasant Dev wrote all the songs.
"Bichhurat Mose Kanha" - Parveen Sultana
"Man Aanand Aanand Chhaayo" - Asha Bhosle, Satyasheel Deshpande
"Man Base Mor Brindaban Ma" - Manna Dey
Facts
The "senior pilots of the Indian Air Force" who are credited with providing assistance with the aerial photography were drawn from No. 4 Squadron, IAF ("The Fighting Oorials"). It was their MIG-21Bis' that were used in the aerial combat sequences and much of the film was shot at their then base in Poona/Pune.
The I.N.S. Mysore seen in the film was a WW2 British Fiji Class Cruiser, H.M.S. Nigeria that was sold to the Indian Navy in 1957. The ship was decommissioned soon after the film was completed. The current (2006) I.N.S. Mysore is a newer vessel.
The aircraft that the pilots train on are domestically produced HAL HJT-16 Kirans.
Filming locations
Air Force Academy, Dundigal, Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India
Air Force Station, Pune, Maharashtra, India
National Defence Academy, Khadakswala, Pune, Maharashtra, India
R.K. Studios, Chembur, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Reception
Film World magazine rated the film "Good" and wrote, "Vijeta is perhaps the first film of its kind, a film which shows the Indian Air Force, its gallant men and their life in true colours." According to Asiaweek, "Vijeta is a tribute to the IAF in celebration of its golden jubilee last year".
Awards
31st Filmfare Awards:
Won
Best Cinematography – Govind Nihalani
Best Sound Design – Hitendra Ghosh
Best Editing – Keshav Naidu
See also
Tactics and Air Combat and Defence Establishment
College of Air Warfare
Topgun
References
External links
1983 films
Indian aviation films
1980s Hindi-language films
Indian war films
Indian coming-of-age films
Films scored by Ajit Varman
Films directed by Govind Nihalani
Indian Army in films
Indian Air Force in films
Films based on Indo-Pakistani wars and conflicts
Military of Pakistan in films
1980s coming-of-age films
1980s war films
Cody Rutledge Wilson (born January 31, 1988) is an American gun rights activist and crypto-anarchist.  They are a founder and director of Defense Distributed, a non-profit organization that develops and publishes open source gun designs, so-called "wiki weapons", suitable for 3D printing and digital manufacture. Defense Distributed gained international notoriety in 2013 when it published plans online for the Liberator, a functioning 3D-printed pistol.
Wireds "Danger Room" named Wilson one of "The 15 Most Dangerous People in the World" in 2012. In 2015 and 2017, Wired named Wilson one of the five most dangerous people on the Internet, and in 2019 named them one of the most dangerous people on the Internet of the decade.
On August 9, 2019, Wilson pleaded guilty to injuring a child, a third-degree felony charge, after they engaged in a paid sexual encounter with a minor. They were sentenced to seven years probation, prohibited from having unsupervised contact with minors, placed on a sex offender registry, and required to perform 475 hours of community service.
Early life and education
Originally from Little Rock, Arkansas, Wilson was student body president at Cabot High School in Cabot, Arkansas before graduating in 2006.
Wilson graduated from the University of Central Arkansas (UCA) with a bachelor's degree in English in 2010, where they had a scholarship. While at UCA, Wilson was a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity and was elected president of UCA's Student Government Association. They traveled to China with UCA's study-abroad program.
In 2012, they studied at the University of Texas School of Law, but left the university in May 2013 after two years.
Career
Defense Distributed
In 2012, Wilson and associates at Defense Distributed started the Wiki Weapon Project to raise funds for designing and releasing the files for a 3D printable gun. At the time Wilson was the project's only spokesperson; they called themselves "co-founder" and "director."
Learning of Defense Distributed's plans, manufacturer Stratasys threatened legal action and demanded the return of a 3D printer it had leased to Wilson. On September 26, 2012, before the printer was assembled for use, Wilson received an email from Stratasys suggesting they were using the printer "for illegal purposes". Stratasys immediately canceled its lease with Wilson and sent a team to confiscate the printer.
While visiting the office of the ATF in Austin to inquire about legalities related to their project, Wilson was interrogated by the officers there. Six months later, they were issued a Federal Firearms License (FFL) to manufacture and deal.
In May 2013, Wilson successfully test-fired a pistol called "the Liberator" that reportedly was made using a Stratasys Dimension series 3D printer purchased on eBay. After test firing, Wilson released the blueprints of the gun's design online through a Defense Distributed website. The State Department Office of Defense Trade Controls Compliance demanded that Wilson remove the files, threatening prosecution for violations of the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR).
In October 2014, Defense Distributed began selling to the public a miniature CNC mill named Ghost Gunner for completing receivers for the AR-15 semi-automatic rifle.
On May 6, 2015, Defense Distributed and the Second Amendment Foundation filed Defense Distributed v. U.S. Dept. of State, a constitutional challenge of the ITAR regime used to control their speech. On July 10, 2018, the State Department offered to settle this lawsuit and Wilson resumed work at DEFCAD.
After their arrest on charges of sexual assault against a minor in September 2018, Wilson resigned from Defense Distributed. After their felony conviction in September 2019, they rejoined Defense Distributed.
Dark Wallet
In 2013, Wilson, along with Amir Taaki, began work on a Bitcoin cryptocurrency wallet called Dark Wallet, a project by which they planned to help anonymize financial transactions. They appeared on behalf of the Dark Wallet project at the SXSW festival in Austin, Texas in 2014.
Bitcoin Foundation
On U.S. election day, November 4, 2014, Wilson announced in an interview that they would stand for election to a seat on the Board of Directors of the Bitcoin Foundation, with "the sole purpose of destroying the Foundation." And Wilson stated: "I will run on a platform of the complete dissolution of the Bitcoin Foundation and will begin and end every single one of my public statements with that message." Wilson lost the 2015 election to the Bitcoin Foundation Board.
Hatreon
In 2017, Wilson launched Hatreon, an "alt-right version of Patreon", to provide crowdfunding and payment services for groups and individuals banned from platforms such as Kickstarter, Patreon, PayPal, and Stripe. The site attracted notable alt-right and neo-Nazi figures, including Andrew Anglin and Richard B. Spencer. While Wilson said that Hatreon clients included "right-wing women, people of color, and transgender people," Bloomberg News reported that most donations went to white supremacists. According to Hannah Shearer, staff attorney at the Giffords Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence, Hatreon users were inciting violence contrary to Hatreon's terms of service, which forbid illegal activity.
The site claimed to have received about $25,000 a month in donations. Hatreon took a five percent cut of donations. Several months after Hatreon's launch, Visa, the site's payments processor, suspended its financial services. With no means of processing payments, the site became inactive.
Political and economic views
Wilson claims an array of influences from anti-state and libertarian political thinkers, including mutualist theorist Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, paleolibertarian anarcho-capitalists such as Austrian School economist Hans-Hermann Hoppe, and classical liberals such as Frederic Bastiat. Their political thought has been compared to the "conservative revolutionary" ideas of Ernst Jünger. Jacob Siegel wrote that "Cody Wilson arrives at a place where left, right—and democracy—disappear" and that they oscillate "somewhere between anarch and anarchist."
Wilson is an avowed crypto-anarchist, and has discussed their work in relation to the cypherpunks and Timothy May's vision. They did not vote in the 2016 United States presidential election. They frequently cite the work of post-Marxist thinkers in public comments, especially that of Jean Baudrillard, whom they have claimed as their "master."
Asked during an interview with Popular Science if the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting affected their thinking or plans in any way, Wilson responded, "... understanding that rights and civil liberties are something that we protect is also understanding that they have consequences that are also protected, or tolerated. The exercise of civil liberties is antithetical to the idea of a completely totalizing state. That's just the way it is."Wilson is generally opposed to intellectual property rights. They have indicated that although their primary goal is the subversion of state-structures, they also hope that their contributions may help to dismantle the existing system of capitalist property relations.
In a January 2013 interview with Glenn Beck on the nature of and motivations behind their effort to develop and share gun 3D printable files Wilson said, "That's a real political act, giving you a magazine, telling you that it will never be taken away... That's real politics. That's radical equality. That's what I believe in... I'm just resisting. What am I resisting? I don't know, the collectivization of manufacture? The institutionalization of the human psyche? I'm not sure. But I can tell you one thing: this is a symbol of irreversibility. They can never eradicate the gun from the earth."
Felony conviction
On December 28, 2018, Wilson was indicted for sexual assault after they had a sexual encounter with a minor they met on SugarDaddyMeet, a website that matches younger, adult women with older men. They were accused of committing a second-degree felony by paying a 16-year old girl $500 for sex in a hotel room in Austin, Texas in August 2018.
Wilson's defense attorney, F. Andino Reynal, said Wilson thought the girl was a consenting adult. SugarDaddyMeet requires users to declare they are at least 18 years old before they can create an account.
When the police issued a warrant for their arrest, Wilson was overseas in Taipei, Taiwan. Wilson was deported by the Taiwanese National Immigration Agency (NIA) and charged with an immigration violation; their passport was revoked by the U.S. government. After they were returned to the U.S. by the United States Marshals Service on September 23, 2018, they were released on $150,000 bond from Harris County Jail in Houston, Texas.
On August 9, 2019, Wilson pleaded guilty to one third-degree felony charge of injury to a child. They were sentenced to seven years of probation, required to register as a sex offender, prohibited from having unsupervised contact with minors, and attend sex offender therapy. The court also ordered them to complete 475 hours of community service, and pay a $1,200 fine and $4,840 in restitution.
Works
Bibliography
Come and Take It: The Gun Printer's Guide to Thinking Free. New York: Gallery Books (2016). .
Filmography
As themselves
After Newtown: Guns in America (2013)
Print the Legend (2014)
Deep Web (2015)
No Control (2015)
The New Radical (2017)
As producer
TFW NO GF'' (2020) A documentary by Alex Lee Moyer.
References
1988 births
Living people
21st-century American inventors
Activists from Little Rock, Arkansas
Activists from Texas
American anti-capitalists
American gun rights activists
American libertarians
Crypto-anarchists
Firearm designers
People associated with Bitcoin
People from Austin, Texas
People from Cabot, Arkansas
University of Central Arkansas alumni
University of Texas School of Law alumni
Camp Orange: The Curse of the Emerald Eye is the fourth season in Australian reality show Camp Orange. Four teams of previously selected best friends travel to an un-known location for a week and compete in challenges to win the title of 'Ultimate Nick Campers'. Maude Garrett hosts their third season.
Overview
The teams of this series were:
E-Bash; Ashlee Mather and Ebony Roach.
Shorties; Harley and Ty Telford.
L.A. Blitz; Ally and Lauren.
Gromstars; Jake and Sean Ryan.
The winners of the overall competition was E-Bash.
Ebony Roach and Ashlee Mather from Victoria, Australia.
Day 1
The teams arrive at Raven Hall, the most haunted house in Australia. Upon arrival, the teams hear some spooky organ music. They eventually find Maude, who asks the teams who was playing the organ music.
Later, Maude tells the teams that the house they are in now, once owned to Earl Edgar Bird. Maude puts on a tape and they see the man himself. They explain that on a round-the-world trip, them and their faithful man servant Roderick, returned from the Amazon with a cursed crystal in their luggage: The Emerald Eye, which made Raven Hall become haunted. He, then, explains that the only way to lift the curse is to return the Emerald Eye to the Amazon. They aren't up to it though, so it came down to the teams. They had hidden the Emerald Eye somewhere on their property, because they had to prove themselves. They had to find it so it could be returned. They then explains that they have to face the same challenges as they faced all over the world.
Challenge 1
While in Africa, Roderick and their servant, the Earl had trouble.
The team members are tied back to back and have to find relics in the mud.
Challenge 2: Mummy Come Home
While in Egypt, Roderick and the Earl got into a lot of tangles in Cairo.
One team member was disguised as an Egyptian mummy. They had to unwind and free their teammate from the sarcoughagus. The sarcougagus was then loaded with treasure and rolled to the finish line.
1st: The Shorties
2nd: The Gromstars
3rd: L.A Blitz
4th: E-Bash
Den of Secrets Day 1
The Shorties were winning the key tally with 4 and the Gromstars on 3. Both the girl teams were on 2 keys.
Cryptic Clue: Shorties
Cellar Of Lost Soles: L.A Blitz
Later, the Shorties had collected the next piece of the Roderick's travel map and another roll of film. Roderick was delighted and said that they were going to Greece and Tibet next. As L.A Blitz's dare, they had to eat 'monkey eyeball's'.
Day 2
Challenge 1: Pillars of Hercules
Roderick knew that in Greece the pillars of Hercules showed the location of a precious artifact. But when Roderick and the Earl got there the place was in ruins. They had to rebuild the pillars stone by stone.
The teams had to rebuild the pillars so that the largest stone was on the bottom and the smallest stone was on top. If done correctly, it would reveal the location of an artifact. The team to bring it back to Maude wins.
1st: E-Bash
Un-Completed: The Shorties, The Gromstars and L.A Blitz
Challenge 2: The Abominable Foot Race
Roderick and the Earl were taking a shortcut across Mount Everest when the snow had melted to reveal a Yeti's foot that was starting to thaw. They risked frostbite and some very sensitive areas to get that Yeti's foot to safety, let me assure you.
At the start of this challenge both teammates were on the same pair of skis. When they got to the buckets of ice they had to put as many ice-cubes as they could in their waterproof pants. When they got to the basket they had to fill it to the line with ice-cubes to preserve the foot. They then got out of the skis and took the baskets over. There they had to put on their Yeti snot (slime) filled gum-boots, load their cargo and race to the finish line.
1st: The Shorties and L.A Blitz
2nd: E-Bash
3rd: The Gromstars.
Den of Secrets Day 2
In the key tally, The Shorties were winning on 6, E-Bash on 5 and both L.A Blitz and The Gromstars on 4.
Cryptic Clue: E-Bash
Cellar Of Lost Soles: L.A Blitz
Later, E-Bash had collected the next piece and Roderick revealed that next they were off to China and Borneo. The dare was for L.A Blitz to wash the Roderick's socks.
2000s Australian reality television series
Nickelodeon (Australia and New Zealand) original programming
2008 Australian television series debuts
2008 Australian television series endings
Josiah Lamborn (January 31, 1809 – March 31, 1847) was the Attorney General of Illinois from 1840 to 1843 and was the chief prosecuting attorney in the trial of five defendants accused of murdering Latter Day Saint leaders Joseph Smith Jr. and Hyrum Smith.
Lamborn was born in Pennsylvania and educated at Transylvania University in Kentucky. In the early 1830s, they moved to Jacksonville, Morgan County, Illinois, where they became involved as a leader of the anti-Jacksonian wing of the Democratic Party.
Lamborn was admitted to the Illinois bar in 1834. Early in their career, the Illinois Supreme Court found their professional conduct to be "highly censurable", but chose not to disbar or otherwise discipline him.
In December 1840, Lamborn was elected Attorney General of Illinois. As Attorney General, they appeared argued before the state supreme court in 46 cases. During their tenure, it was rumored that Lamborn was corrupt and that they had accepted bribes. Lamborn failed to win the endorsement of the Democratic Party for reelection and their term ended in January 1843, when they were succeeded by James A. McDougall.
In 1844, Lamborn was appointed by Illinois Governor Thomas Ford as the chief prosecutor in the murder trial of Levi Williams, Thomas C. Sharp, Jacob C. Davis, Mark Aldrich, and William N. Grover. The five defendants were accused of conspiring to assassinate Mormon prophet Joseph Smith Jr. and their brother Hyrum Smith. The defendants were acquitted of these charges.
After their failure to gain re-election as Attorney General, Lamborn had begun to drink heavily. They died of delirium tremens at White Hall, Greene County, Illinois.
Notes
1809 births
1847 deaths
Alcohol-related deaths in Illinois
Illinois Attorneys General
Illinois Democrats
Illinois lawyers
Politicians from Jacksonville, Illinois
Transylvania University alumni
19th-century American lawyers
Kim Ati Wagner is a Danish-British historian of colonial India and the British Empire at Queen Mary University of London. They have written a number of books on India, starting with Thuggee: Banditry and the British in early nineteenth-century India in 2007. They followed that up with a source book on Thuggee and has also written on the uprising of 1857 and the Amritsar massacre. A British citizen, Wagner feels an affinity for India.
Early life
Wagner is of Danish origin and has lived in the United Kingdom for over twenty years.  They are named after the leading character from Rudyard Kipling's novel Kim, set in British India, and was taken to India by their parents when they were a baby. Wagner says they have visited Amritsar many times and feels that India is "in [his] blood."
Career
In 2003, under the supervision of Christopher Bayly, they gained a PhD in South Asian history from the University of Cambridge. They subsequently completed a four-year research fellowship at King's College there, followed by a two-year research associate post at the University of Edinburgh. Wagner then became a lecturer in imperial and World history at the University of Birmingham, before being employed at Queen Mary's in 2012. In 2015 they were granted a Marie Skłodowska-Curie Global Fellowship working with historian Dane Kennedy at George Washington University in the United States, which they finished in 2018.
Thuggee
Their book on thuggees, titled Thuggee: Banditry and the British in early nineteenth-century India, was published in 2007 and was short-listed for the History Today Book of the Year Award in 2008. They followed that up with a source book on thuggees titled Stranglers and Bandits: A Historical Anthology of Thuggee (2009).
Skull of Alum Bheg
In 2014, they were approached by the owners of the Lord Clyde pub in Kent, who wished to dispose of a skull in their possession. An accompanying note revealed the skull to be that of sepoy Alum Bheg of the Bengal Regiment, who, following the Indian Rebellion of 1857, was executed in 1858 by being blown from a cannon in Sialkot. Wagner had the skull examined at the Natural History Museum in London, who confirmed its likely authenticity. Subsequently, with no known descendants of Bheg and with no official documents mentioning him, Wagner pieced together the story of the skull using letters written by the relatives and friends of Bheg's victims, in addition to other primary material in England and India. The Skull of Alum Bheg: The Life and Death of a Rebel of 1857 was completed and published in 2017. Wagner later expressed a wish for the skull to be repatriated back to India to be "buried in a respectful manner".
Amritsar 1919
Their book, Amritsar 1919: An Empire of Fear and the Making of a Massacre (2019), describes how the Jallianwalla Bagh Massacre was a result of a British fear of another Indian rebellion of 1857. With the book, Wagner aimed to dispel what they saw as myths about the massacre. The book was highly commended by the journalists Sathnam Sanghera and Trevor Grundy.
Both Grundy and Ferdinand Mount compared Wagner's book on the massacre with The Amritsar Massacre: The Untold Story of One Fateful Day (2011) by Nick Lloyd and with Nigel Collett's The Butcher of Amritsar (2005). While Wagner emphasised that it was "brutality" in general that was the "driving principle of the Raj" rather than the personality of individuals, Mount argued that Wagner had underplayed the personality of General Dyer.
Selected publications
Books
Thuggee: Banditry and the British in Early Nineteenth-Century India. Palgrave Macmillan, Basingstoke, 2007. ,
Stranglers and Bandits: A Historical Anthology of Thuggee. Oxford University Press, New Delhi, 2009. (Editor)
Rumours and Rebels: A New History of the Indian Uprising of 1857. Peter Lang, Oxford, 2017.
The Skull of Alum Bheg: The Life and Death of a Rebel of 1857. Oxford University Press, Oxford, 2018.
Amritsar 1919: An Empire of Fear and the Making of a Massacre. Yale University Press, New Haven, 2019.
Articles
"Expanding Bullets and Savage Warfare", History Workshop Journal, Issue 88 (Autumn 2019), pp. 281–287.
"Review of Nicholas Lloyd's The Amritsar Massacre: The Untold Story of One Fateful Day", (review no. 1224).
References
External links
Kim A. Wagner at Google Scholar
Kim A. Wagner at Academia.edu
An insight into Jallianwala Bagh with Dr Kim Wagner
Living people
20th-century Danish historians
21st-century Danish historians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Historians of India
Historians of the British Empire
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Academics of Queen Mary University of London
Danish emigrants to the United Kingdom
Plaxiphora australis is a very small species of chiton in the family Mopaliidae.
Distribution
New Zealand
References
Powell A. W. B., New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
Mopaliidae
Molluscs described in 1907
Jafarova Sevda Shirin gizi (born 27 March 1965) is an Azerbaijani pediatrician, reanimatologist, and neonatologist. Doctor of Philosophy in medical sciences, Regional Medical Coordinator of the United Nations (UN) on Azerbaijan, member of the Commission of the Ministry of Health of the Republic of Azerbaijan on the Study of Childhood and Adolescent Development and Death, medical director of Reference Group Leyla Medical Center, member of the board of directors.
Personal life
Jafarova Sevda Shirin gizi was born on March 27, 1965, in Baku, in a family of teachers. They graduated from the school named after Mikhail Mushfiq #18 with a gold medal in 1982. From 1982 to 1988, they studied at the Faculty of Pediatrics of Azerbaijan Medical University and graduated with a diploma of honors.
They continued their education from 1988 to 1990 at the Perinatology Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Faculty of Neonatology, and Clinical Internship.
From 1994 to 1997, they were a Ph.D. candidate at the Scientific Research Institute of Pediatrics named after K.Y.Farajova and successfully obtained a doctorate.
Career
They started their career in the Intensive Care Unit at the Baku Emergency Medical Hospital as an operational nurse from 1985 to 1987. From 1988 to 1990, they moved to Russia and worked as a clinical intern in the Intensive Care Unit of the Central Perinatology Institute. In connection with the need for staff, Sevda Jafarova returned to Azerbaijan and from 1990 to 1992, they were appointed as a child and adolescent health inspector at the Baku Main Health Department. From 1992 to 1994, they worked as a reanimatologist at the Intensive Care Unit of the Republican Children's Clinical Hospital. From 1994 to 1997, they were Ph.D. candidate (Ph.D. education) at the Scientific Research Institute of Pediatrics named after K.Y.Farajova. Until 1999, they worked as a reanimatologist and senior researcher in the Newborn Reanimatology Department of the institute.
Then they stepped into the private health care sector from 1998 to 2004 and started to work as a pediatrician in the MediClub Emergency Medical Service. They were also the head of the Department of Neonatology at the Private Leyla Shikhlinskaya Clinical Obstetrics and Gynecology Clinic.
From 2017 to 2018, they were appointed Director-General of MediClub Emergency Medical Services. In 2018, they started to work as the senior advisor to the Corporative Division of the Republican Medical Diagnostic Center. And since March 2019, they are a medical director of Leyla Medical Center and a member of the board of directors.
 They are married and has three children and a grandchild.
 They are fluent in the Azerbaijani, Russian, and English.
International education and certificates
Sevda Jafarova has successfully represented their country and has been awarded various international certificates while addressing major international congresses focused on medicine in many countries around the globe.
For example, they participated in the III International Congress of Pediatricians of Central Asia and Turkey, held in Almaty, Kazakhstan, in 1996; the International Congress of Pediatricians in Tehran, at the IV Regional Congress of Pediatric Societies of Turkic-speaking Countries, 1997; the course "Advanced Life Support for Children" in Salzburg, Austria in 2000; the IX Congress of Pediatricians in Moscow, in 2001; the training course "Neuro-psychiatric problems in early childhood" in Haifa, Israel; and others.
Awards
They have been awarded several international diplomas and certificates.
In 2016, they were awarded the badge "Excellent Health" by the Ministry of Healthcare (Azerbaijan).
In 2017, they were awarded the honorary diploma for their participation in the Special American Business Internship Training (SABIT) program of the International Trade Administration.
International trainer
Since 2010, Sevda Jafarova has served as a trainer at international events.
From 2010 to 2012 they worked as a trainer in the MIMMS Natural Disaster Management System in Edinburgh, United Kingdom, at the 31st ESPID Symposium in Milan, in 2013, "EBRD, Leadership and Action, Finance and Advice for Women in Business, 2016 in and SABIT Hospital Management Practices Program in the United States, in 2017 “Public Health Organization and Management” in London, 2015–2018, and Master of Science in Health Management, since 2018, York st. John University (UK) and John Kennedy College (Switzerland).
Science articles
Jafarova S.Sh. State of osmoregulation in newborns with intracraneal hemorrhage. Abstractive book Third regional congress of pediatrics of central Asia and Turkey with international participation Almaty, September 23–27, 1996, page 186.
Jafarova S.Sh. Osmolarity discrimination as a standard for severe conditions of newborns in the intercranial hemorrhage (international congress of pediatrics) 12–17 October 1996, page 842, Tegeran.
Jafarova S.Sh. Disorders osmohomeostasis in the intercranial hemorrhage in newborns and method of its infusion correction (abstract book 4 regional congress of pediatric of Turkish speaking countries with international participation, September 21–25, 1997 Baku, page 122.
Jafarova S.Sh. Osmoregulating function of the kidneys in newborns with intercranial hemorrhage, (abstract book 4 regional congress of pediatric of Turkish speaking countries with international participation), September 21–25, page 129.
Jafarova S.Sh. Disorders of state of osmohomeostasis in premature newborns. Azerbaijan Medical journal, 1997 N 4, page 32–35.
Jafarova S.Sh. Optimization of infusion therapy in newborns with intracranial hemorrhage. Abstract book science conference of pediatrics. Azerbaijan Republic. Page 30–32.
Jafarova S.Sh. Ultrasound methods kidneys investigations in newborns. Abstract book science conference of pediatrics. Azerbaijan republic. Page 32–35.
Jafarova S.Sh. Combination of clinical osmometric and neyrosonographic values as severity of pereventricular hemorrhage in newborns, Azerbaijan Medical Journal, 1997, N 5, page 32–35.
References
1965 births
Living people
Azerbaijan Medical University alumni
Azerbaijani physicians
Azerbaijani women physicians
Physicians from Baku
Azerbaijani pediatricians
20th-century Azerbaijani women
21st-century Azerbaijani women
Heather Singleton is a Zimbabwean international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
Singleton was selected as part of the five woman team by Zimbabwe for the 2020 World Outdoor Bowls Championship
They won a fours bronze medal (with Allyson Dale, Melanie James and Kerry Craven), at the 2019 Atlantic Bowls Championships.
References
Zimbabwean female bowls players
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
1969 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 63rd water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1969 in water polo
1969 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Louis Vatrican (7 May 1904, Monaco – 7 June 2007, Monaco) was a Monegasque agronomist.
Career
Vatrican served as the director of the Jardin Exotique de Monaco from 1933 to 1969. Vatrican added succulents from Africa to the existing South American succulents, some of which died in 1985-86. After they retired in 1969, Vatrican was succeeded by Marcel Kroenlein.
The Vatricania guentherii, a cactus endemic to South America, was named in their honor in 1950 by Curt Backeberg.
Death
Vatrican died on 7 June 2007 in Monaco, aged 103.
References
1904 births
2007 deaths
Monegasque agronomists
Monegasque centenarians
Men centenarians
The Exarchate of the Philippines (Greek: Εξάρχεια των Φιλιππίνων; Tagalog: Eksarkado ng Filipinas; Spanish: Exarcado de Filipinas; Pampangan: Eksarkadu ning Filipinas; Zambal: Iksarkado nin Filipinas; Bikol: Eksarkado nin Filipinas; Cebuano: Eksarkado sa Filipinas; Ilocano: Eksarkado ti Filipinas; Ilonggo: Eksarkado sg Filipinas) is the Philippine jurisdiction of the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople, governed by the Orthodox Metropolitanate of Hong Kong and Southeast Asia. The exarchate has five parishes and three chapels in the country.
History
Around the beginning of the seventeenth century, Greek sailors settled in Manila and Legazpi. The Greeks of Legazpi now number no more than 10 families have keep their Greek identities and have become distinguished public figures and intellectuals in the country. But as of now the population of the Greek community in the as a whole Philippines is unknown but its estimated about 129, 100 or 120 members.
In 1989, Adamopoulos saw the need to establish the first Greek Orthodox church in the Philippines and thus established the Hellenic Orthodox Foundation, Inc., but they died in 1993 before the church was completed. The Annunciation Orthodox Cathedral in Sucat, Parañaque, Metro Manila, was finished in 1996. Constructed in true Byzantine style and with interior furnishings imported from Greece, it serves hundreds of Orthodox faithful, Filipinos, the local Greek community and expats in the national capital.
On 20 April 1990, a Filipino hieromonk, Fr. Vincentius Escarcha (a former Benedictine Abbot and a Roman Catholic priest for more than 20 years in Bajada, Cataingan, Masbate), together with four nuns and faithful members of their community, were received into the Orthodox Church by Metropolitan Dionysios of the Greek Orthodox Metropolis of New Zealand and assisted by Bishop Sotirios of Zelon. On 19 January 1994, Metropolitan Dionysios and Bishop Sotirios received several Filipino Christians in Manila by Holy Chrismation.
In 1996, the Orthodox Metropolitanate of Hong Kong and Southeast Asia was created for the needs of the faithful under the Church of Constantinople. In 2004, the Theotokos Orthodox Church in Bajada was consecrated by Metropolitan Nikitas of Hong Kong and South East Asia. the nuns of the Theotokos Orthodox Monastery in Bajada ran a kindergarten.
On 5 March 2000, the Church of the Annunciation of the Theotókos was consecrated by Their All-Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I, with Metropolitans Ioakeim and Nikitas, Bishop Dionysios, and a significant number of clergy from overseas assisting. During the service, the entire congregation followed the Patriarch in circumambulating the church. The Patriarch told the people present that the only thing which can really lead man to the land of gladness is the perfect love for their fellow man and for God. The message from the Patriarchate of Constantinople is one of love for the people of Southeast Asia, one which assures people everywhere of the immeasurable love of Christ. Despite not being the bishop's seat—the cathedra—the church is sometimes called a "cathedral" because it is the only church in the metropolis blessed by the Ecumenical Patriarch.
Four other parishes, in Cataingan, Sbù, Los Baños and Hagónoy, have since been established, along with a few other chapels.
Language
The Divine Liturgy and other Orthodox services are said in English, Greek and the local language.
Parishes and chapels
Parishes
Annunciation Orthodox Cathedral, Parañaque, Metro Manila
Theotokos Orthodox Parish, Cataingan, Masbate
Holy Trinity Orthodox Parish, Los Baños, Laguna
Holy Resurrection Parish, Sbù, South Cotabato
St. Isidore of Chios Parish, Hagónoy, Dávao del Sur
Chapels
St. George Chapel, Makati
St Nectarios Chapel, Quezon City, Metro Manila
St Eleftherios Chapel, Sorsogon, Bicol
One more church, the Holy Cross Orthodox Church in Siniloan, Laguna, is functioning alternatively, in connection with the Holy Trinity parish of Los Baños.
Clergy
Within the Ecumenical Patriarchate's Orthodox Metropolitanate of Hong Kong and Southeast Asia, there are currently six active Filipino priests in the Philippines, along with a couple of nuns, all of whom are under the administrative authority of Metropolitan Nektarios of Hong Kong and Southeast Asia.
See also
Philippine Orthodox Church
References
External links
Exarchate of the Philippines
Orthodoxy in the Far East
Eastern Orthodoxy in the Philippines
Philippines
Eastern Orthodox dioceses in Asia
Poncho Sánchez (born Filoberto Sanchez, October 30, 1951) is an American conguero (conga player), Latin jazz band leader, and salsa singer. In 2000, they and their ensemble won the Grammy Award for Best Latin Jazz Album for their work on the Concord Picante album Latin Soul. Sanchez has performed with artists including Cal Tjader, Mongo Santamaría, Hugh Masekela, Clare Fischer, and Tower of Power.
Early life
The youngest of eleven children, Poncho Sanchez was born in Laredo, Texas and reared in Norwalk, California, while they attended Cerritos College. Growing up, they were exposed to and influenced by two different styles of music: Afro-Cuban music (mambo, son, cha-cha, rumba, guaracha, and Changui) by Tito Puente and others, and bebop jazz, including the works of Dizzy Gillespie and Charlie Parker.
Originally a guitarist, they discovered their talent for singing during an audition for the R&B band The Halos that rehearsed across the street from their residence. Sanchez became the lead vocalist of The Halos, and would go on to teach themselves the flute, the drums, and timbales before finally deciding in high school to pursue conga drumming above all.
Sanchez has released dozens of LP and CD albums.
Career
In 1975, Sanchez's idol, vibraphonist Cal Tjader, invited them to perform a set with their band. Seeing the young man's talent, Tjader hired Sanchez for a week before officially making them a full member of the ensemble. Sanchez played a crucial role as conguero for several years until Tjader's death in 1982.
Before they died, Tjader suggested that Concord Records founder Carl Jefferson sign Sanchez and their soon-to-be-formed group under the Concord Picante label. Tjader's wishes were honored, and the first two records were composed and arranged by long-time Tjader collaborator Clare Fischer. Sanchez went on to produce 19 albums for the label, eventually garnering a Grammy for their work.
AllMusic described Sanchez as "among the most influential percussionists in jazz." They have been performing frequently in venues varying in size from concert halls to local jazz festivals. Their 2005 CD, Do It!, features the funk band Tower of Power on two tracks, as well as South African trumpeter Hugh Masekela.
Sanchez is a frequent collaborator with bandleader José Rizo. They played conga on the Grammy-nominated album Mongorama produced by Rizo.
Sanchez was featured on Ilya Serov's single "Tangerine", released on January 9, 2018.
Discography
Poncho (Discovery DS 799, 1979)
Straight Ahead (Discovery DS 813, 1980)
Salsa Picante [by Clare Fischer] (Discovery DS 817, 1980)
Machaca [by Clare Fischer & Salsa Picante] (Discovery DS 835, 1981]
2+2 [with Clare Fischer & Salsa Picante] (Pausa PR 7086, 1981)
Sonando (Concord Picante, 1983)
Bien Sabroso (Concord Picante, 1984)
El Conguero (Concord Picante, 1985)
Gaviota (Discovery DSCD 930, 1980 [rel. 1986]) with Clare Fischer
Papa Gato (Concord Picante, 1987)
¡Fuerte! (Concord Picante, 1988)
La Familia (Concord Picante, 1989)
Chile Con Soul (Concord Picante, 1990) with Tito Puente
Cambios (Concord Picante, 1991) with Freddie Hubbard
A Night at Kimball's East (Concord Picante, 1991)
El Mejor (Concord Picante, 1992)
Bailar: A Night With Poncho Sanchez Live (Concord Picante, 1990 [rel. 1993])
Para Todos (Concord Picante, 1994)
Soul Sauce: Memories Of Cal Tjader (Concord Picante, 1995)
Baila Mi Gente: Salsa! (Concord Picante, 1996) compilation
Conga Blue (Concord Picante, 1996)
Freedom Sound (Concord Picante, 1997) with Wilton Felder, Wayne Henderson
Poncho Sanchez: The Concord Jazz Heritage Series (Concord Jazz, 1998) compilation
Afro-Cuban Fantasy (Concord Picante, 1998) with Dianne Reeves
Latin Soul (Concord Picante, 1999)
Soul of the Conga (Concord Picante, 2000)
Latin Spirits (Concord Picante, 2001) with Dale Spalding
Ultimate Latin Dance Party (Concord Picante, 2002) 2-CD compilation
Out of Sight! (Concord Picante, 2003) with Ray Charles
Poncho at Montreux (Silverline/Immergent, 2004)
Instant Party (Concord Picante, 2004) compilation
Do It! (Concord Picante, 2005) with Hugh Masekela, Tower Of Power
Raise Your Hand (Concord Picante, 2007)
Psychedelic Blues (Concord Picante, 2009)
Chano y Dizzy! (Concord Picante, 2011) with Terence Blanchard
Live in Hollywood (Concord Picante, 2012)
Trane's Delight (Concord Picante, 2019)
With Benny Golson
Killer Joe (Columbia, 1977)
With Woody Herman
Woody's Gold Star (Concord, 1987)
With Art Pepper
Tokyo Debut [live] (Galaxy, 1977 [rel. 1995])
With Cal Tjader
Grace Cathedral Concert (Fantasy, 1976)
Guarabe (Fantasy, 1977)
Here [live] (Galaxy, 1977 [rel. 1979])
Cuban Fantasy [live] (Fantasy, 1977 [rel. 2003])
Huracán (Crystal Clear, 1978; reissue: Laserlight, 1990)
La Onda Va Bien (Concord Picante, 1979)
Gózame! Pero Ya (Concord Picante, 1980)
A Fuego Vivo (Concord Picante, 1981)
Heat Wave (Concord Jazz, 1982) with Carmen McRae
Good Vibes (Concord Picante, 1981 [rel. 1984])
Live at the Monterey Jazz Festival 1958–1980 (Concord Jazz, 2008)
With Ilya Serov
Tangerine (2018)
References
External links
Official website
Poncho Sanchez Interview NAMM Oral History Program (2005)
1951 births
Living people
American jazz bandleaders
American musicians of Mexican descent
Jazz musicians from California
People from Laredo, Texas
Grammy Award winners
American percussionists
Jazz percussionists
Afro-Cuban jazz percussionists
Conga players
Concord Records artists
People from Norwalk, California
Latin Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award winners
Jazz musicians from Texas
Hispanic and Latino American musicians
William John Garvelink (born May 22, 1949) is an American diplomat and former United States Ambassador to the Democratic Republic of the Congo by George W. Bush on May 30, 2007 and sworn in on October 22, 2007.
Biography
Early life and education
Garvelink was born in Holland, Michigan and graduated from Calvin College (B.A.) in 1971 and the University of Minnesota (M.A.); along with post-graduate studies at the University of North Carolina in Latin American history, but ran out of money before earning their Ph.D. Garvelink joined the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) in 1979.
Career
Before they joined AID, Garvelink was a professional staff member of the Subcommittee on International Organizations and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the U.S. House of Representatives. Garvelink's responsibilities included oversight of USAID's worldwide humanitarian assistance and democracy programs. Offices within the Bureau for Democracy, Conflict and Humanitarian Assistance include the Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance, Office of Transition Initiatives, Office of Food for Peace, Office of Democracy and Governance, Office of Conflict Management and Mitigation and the Office of Private and Voluntary Cooperation.  They are a Minister Counselor of the Senior Foreign Service.
Prior to their appointment as ambassador, Garvelink served since 1999 as the USAID Mission Director in Eritrea. They administered a development and relief program worth more than $55 million US dollars.
Garvelink has received six Performance Awards, two Meritorious Honor Awards, a Superior Honor Award, and a Senior Foreign Service Presidential Meritorious Service Award over their service with the U.S. Department of State.
In 1988 until 1999 Garvelink served in Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance (OFDA), first as the Assistant Director for Response and then as the Deputy Director. While in OFDA, they directed relief operations in Africa, Asia, Latin America, the Near East, Europe and in the former Soviet Union. Garvelink led many Disaster Assistance Response Teams, or DARTs, to parts of Albania, Armenia, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Haiti, Iraq, Kenya, Rwanda, Somalia and Iran. They chaired the USAID Task Force for the 2004 Indian Ocean Tsunami, the Task Force for the Pakistani Earthquake and the Lebanese Task Force.
Prior to their work in the OFDA, Garvelink served for two years in the Department of State's Bureau for Population, Refugees and Migration with responsibilities for much of southern Africa. They were appointed for four years in Bolivia for USAID and served for three years as a staff member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee.
Personal life
Garvelink is married to Linda A. Garvelink, whom they met in high school, and is a banking industry specialist.
Published works
Garvelink has written many published works, including:
Humanitarian Assistance Intervention in Complex Emergencies: Information Requirements in the 1990s*
Complex Emergencies in Africa in the 1990s: The Role of Technology*
Special Report: United States Response to the Earthquake in Bam, Iran*
*edited by Jim Whitman and David Pocock, St. Martin's Press, Inc., 1996
*in Meeting the Challenge of International Peace Operations: Assessing the Contribution of Technology, edited by Alex Gliksman (proceedings of a conference sponsored by the Center for Global Security Research, June 1998 and held in Livermore, California September 9–10, 1996)
*in The Liaison (Journal of Civil-Military Humanitarian Relief Collaboration), Volume 3, Number 2, 2004
References
External links
Ambassadors of the United States to the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Calvin University alumni
University of Minnesota alumni
Living people
1949 births
United States Foreign Service personnel
Gradišče pri Vipavi () is a village close to the source of the Vipava River, just south of the town of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Name
The name of the settlement was changed from Gradišče to Gradišče pri Vipavi in 1953.
Church
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to the Holy Cross and belongs to the Parish of Vipava.
References
External links
Gradišče pri Vipavi at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Vipava
John X. J. Zhang () is a professor at Thayer School of Engineering of Dartmouth College, and an investigator in the Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center. Before joining Dartmouth, they were an associate professor with tenure in the Department of Biomedical Engineering at the University of Texas of Austin (UT Austin). They received their Ph.D. in electrical engineering from Stanford University, California in 2004, and was a research scientist in systems biology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) before joining the faculty at UT Austin in 2005. Zhang is a Fellow of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering (AIMBE), and a recipient of the 2016 NIH Director's Transformative Research Award.
Career
Zhang's research focuses on exploring bio-inspired nanomaterials, scale-dependent biophysics, and nanofabrication technology. The objectives are to: (1) develop new diagnostic devices and methods to screen rare biomarkers for a range of human disorders; (2) probe complex cellular processes and biological networks critical to whole-body functions in health and disease; and (3) to advance fundamental micro and nanotechnologies. Both multi-scale experimental and theoretical approaches are combined within the lab to investigate fundamental force, flow, and energy processes that lie at the interface of engineering and biomedicine. By favoring this innovative, combinatorial approach, the Zhang research group has become a leader in the development of integrated microfluidic and photonic microsystems (MEMS, micro-electro-mechanical systems), semiconductor chips, and other nanotechnologies to facilitate precision medicine and point-of-care (POC) diagnostics for global health initiatives, as evidenced by the development and validation of:
Liquid biopsy microchips for the capture and analysis of rare, circulating tumor cells (NIH R01);
Flexible nano-confined, thin films for biosensing and implantable energy generation (NIH R01, Facebook, NSF grants);
Quantum dots-based near-field imaging: NSOM and cellular microarrays (NSF EPDT & IMR grants);
Patterned plasmonic surfaces on MEMS for biosensors (DARPA Young Faculty Award, NASA);
Microphotonic imaging scanners and microsystems for early cancer detection (Wallace H. Coulter Early Career Award in Biomedical Engineering, Tate Foundation, NSF SBIR, and National Instruments Medical Device Grant Program); and
Plasmonic scanning probes for controlled genetic perturbation and imaging (NSF CAREER, NER and CMMI grants).
Zhang has a track record for developing well-funded research programs with significant societal impact, and their research has been sponsored by the NIH, NSF, DARPA, the Wallace H. Coulter Foundation, British Council, and several other agencies and industrial partners. Their group has published over 160 peer-reviewed publications, presented over 70 invited seminars worldwide, and filed more than 50 patents (8 US patents and 30+ international patents issued). Several patents were licensed to CardioSepctra, Inc., which was later acquired by Volcano Corporation (NASDAQ:VOLC) for $25 million, and NanoLite Systems, Inc., which they co-founded in 2010 (with $3.3 million seed investment) for developing products designed to diagnose cancer through blood screening, tissue imaging and cell transformations at the point-of-care. In 2013, LifeM Inc. was spanned out of their laboratory to develop flexible pressure sensors (the “X2 sensor”) for catheter applications. These innovative sensors allow for multiple points of blood pressure measurement, leading to reduced surgery risk and operating time. Their translational effort won the Medical Device Grant from National Instruments in 2011. In 2012, Dr. Zhang has been recognized as one of the MD+DI's (Medical Device and Diagnostic Industry) “40 Medtech Innovators Under 40”. Recently, Dr. Zhang has been leading the effort championed by Facebook to invent wearable actuators for social touch and to help design the future of tactile communications.
Among their numerous awards, Dr. Zhang received the Wallace H. Coulter Foundation Early Career Award in Biomedical Engineering in 2006 for their innovative research in microphotonic imaging scanners and microsystems for early cancer detection. In 2009, Dr. Zhang received an NSF CAREER award for their cutting-edge research in plasmonic scanning probe design for controlled perturbation and imaging at the sub-cellular level, which has enabled a wide range of molecular dynamics studies in live cells and embryos. In 2010, Dr. Zhang received the DARPA Young Faculty Award for the invention of patterned plasmonic surface on MEMS for lab-on-chip biosensing applications. In 2011, Dr. Zhang received an NIH R01 award to develop advanced opto-microfluidic microchips for circulating tumor cell (CTC) analysis, which has enabled the proactive monitoring of cancer prognosis and early cancer detection. To recognize their accomplishment in research and education, Zhang was selected to attend the US National Academy of Engineering, Frontiers of Engineering (NAE FOE) program in 2011, the NAE Frontiers of Engineering Education (NAE FOEE) program in 2012, and, subsequently, the NAE China-America Frontiers of Engineering Symposium (CAFOE) in 2013. Zhang was also awarded an NIH Director's Transformative Research Award in 2016 to develop implantable energy-harvesting devices enabled by flexible porous polymer films integrated on multi-stable structures. Dr. Zhang's research has been reported by many technical magazines and public media, and was highlighted in the president's “State of the University” address at the U. of Texas in both 2010 and 2011.
As an active member in their professional community, Zhang has served on numerous international conference organizing committees and editorial boards.  They are an associate editor for ASME/IEEE Journal of Microelectromechanical Systems (JMEMS) and six other journals. They also actively serves on scientific review committees for the NIH, NSF, DOE, the Canada Research Chairs Program, Swiss National Science Foundation, and many other international agencies. Zhang has mentored over 30 Ph.D. students and post-doctoral scholars, and published a textbook in biomedical engineering.
Honors and awards
Sony Faculty Innovation Award, 2018
Facebook SARA (Sponsored Academic Research Agreement) award, 2017
NIH Transformative Research Award, 2016
Fellow, American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering (AIMBE), 2015
National Academy of Engineering, Frontiers of Engineering Program (FOE 2011, FOEE 2012, US-China FOE, 2013)
DARPA Young Faculty Award, 2010
NSF CAREER Award, 2009
British Council Early Career RXP Award, 2008
Wallace H. Coulter Foundation Early Career Award in Biomedical Engineering, 2006
Source:
Selected patents
Handheld imaging probe (8,767,279)
Forward-imaging optical coherence tomography (OCT) systems and probes (8,531,676)
Optically-implemented microsurgery system and approach (8,505,544)
Uniform transfer of luminescent quantum dots onto a substrate (8,193,010)
Near-field scanning optical microscope probe having a light emitting diode (7,621,964)
Mechanically tunable optical-encoded force sensor (7,594,443)
Publications
Molecular Sensors and Nanodevices: Principles, Designs and Applications in Biomedical Engineering, John X.J. Zhang, Kazunori Hoshino, Elsevier 2014
Personal Life
Zhang has a son currently attending Stanford University and a daughter attending Harvard University.
External links
Zhang Research Group
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Engineers from Tianjin
Shanghai Jiao Tong University alumni
University of Maine alumni
Stanford University alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology staff
University of Texas at Austin faculty
Dartmouth College faculty
Chinese emigrants to the United States
Fellows of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering
Iosu Goñi Leoz (born 4 January 1990) is a Spanish handball player for Chambéry Savoie Mont-Blanc Handball and the Spanish team.
They participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Pamplona
Spanish male handball players
CB Ademar León players
Liga ASOBAL players
Expatriate handball players
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in France
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Spain
Mediterranean Games medalists in handball
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Handball players from Navarre
Allyson Mary Julé is a Canadian academic and Professor of Education at the University of the Fraser Valley, in British Columbia, Canada. They have lectured worldwide in their field, and written and edited many academic publications on feminist linguistics and pedagogy.
They authored A Beginner's Guide to Language and Gender and Gender and Participation and Silence in the Language Classroom: Sh-shushing the Girls and is best known for their work on "linguistic space" and the silencing of girls and women, particularly in religious classroom communities. Jule is also media reviews editor for Women & Language journal and servers on the executive council for the International Gender and Language Association.
Education
Julé graduated from the University of Alberta with a B.Ed. in intercultural education and went on to earn a master's degree in education at Simon Fraser University. They continued their academic studies in London, UK, at Roehampton Institute, earning a Ph.D. in education. They have also studied at the University of Ottawa (linguistics) and the University of British Columbia (adult education).
Bibliography
The following is an incomplete bibliography:
Jule, A. (Ed.) (2019). The compassionate educator: Understanding social issues in Canadian schools. Toronto, ON: Canadian Scholars Press.
Jule, A. (2018). Speaking Up: Understanding language and gender. [Trade edition.] Clevedon, UK: Multilingual Matters.
Jule, A. (2017). A beginner's guide to language and gender, 2nd edition. Clevedon, UK: Multilingual Matters.
Jule, A. (Ed.) (2015). Shifting visions: Gender and discourse. Cambridge, UK: Cambridge Scholarly Press.
Jule, A. and B. Pederson (Eds.) (2015). Facing challenges: Feminism in Christian higher education and Other Places. Cambridge, UK: Cambridge Scholarly Press.
Awards and recognition
Jule is a 2016 3M National Teaching Fellow.
References
Official Website
Official website
Living people
Canadian educators
Trinity Western University faculty
Date of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
University of Alberta alumni
University of British Columbia alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Elizabeth Rose was a 12th-century nun.
Elizabeth Rose may also refer to:
Elizabeth Rose, Lady of Kilravock (1747–1815), Scottish literary critic and author
Elizabeth Rose (musician), Australian DJ, producer and singer-songwriter
Elizabeth Rose, a character in the film Along Came a Spider
Liz Rose, songwriter
See also
FC Pokuttia Kolomyia is a Ukrainian football club from Kolomyia.
Football clubs in Kolomyia
It should be mentioned that before the World War II, in Kolomyia was an association football team with the same name based on the 49th Hutsul Rifle Regiment and played in the Stanislawow District League.
After World War II, in Kolomyia city existed different club Silmash owned by a local agrarian equipment factory and with the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1994 the club was dissolved.
Pokuttia
The original FC Pokuttia was established in 1982 as Budivelnyk and represented a village Kornych and the Kolomyia Construction Company (). Its president and head coach became its player Mykhailo Uhorskyi. In 1985-1989 the club was known as Elektroosnastka. Since 1989 Pokuttia received its current name. In 1996 it debuted at professional level for the 1996-97 Ukrainian Second League. Following the 1997-98 Ukrainian Second League, the club was relegated back to amateurs and competed at regional level. In 2007 Pokuttia went bankrupt and was dissolved.
In 2011 Kolomyia was represented by another club FC Karpaty Kolomyia that originally represented a town of Pechenizhyn.
In summer of 2017 Pokuttia was revived and entered the amateur competitions.
League and cup history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|}
Notable players
Roman Hryhorchuk
See also
FC Karpaty Kolomyia, originally represented Pechenizhyn, Kolomyia Raion
References
External links
Official website
FC Pokuttia Kolomyia at AAFU
Football clubs in Kolomyia
Amateur football clubs in Ukraine
McPherson County (standard abbreviation: MP) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 30,223. The largest city and county seat is McPherson. The county is named for Civil War General James B. McPherson.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau. In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles.
In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre. In 1848, after the Mexican–American War, the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo with Spain brought into the United States all or part of land for ten future states, including southwest Kansas. In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state.
19th century
From the 1820s to 1870s, the Santa Fe Trail passed through, what is now McPherson County. The trail entered the county, east of Canton, then south of Galva, then north of Inman, and west towards Lyons. In 1855, Charles O. Fuller established a ranch adjacent to the Running Turkey Creek Crossing about two miles south and one mile east of Galva. Fuller's Ranch provided accommodations for travelers on the Santa Fe Trail and was probably the first white settlement in McPherson County.
Peketon County was established in 1860, by the passage of a bill by S. N. Wood: An act to establish Peketon County. Section 1. - That all that territory west of the sixth principal meridian and south of Township 16, in Kansas Territory, be and the same is hereby erected into a county, to be known by the name of Peketon County. On February 17, 1865, Peketon County was abolished, and McPherson County was made a part of Marion County, which extended from the west line of Chase County to the present western boundary of Kansas.
In 1868, Solomon Stephens and L. N. Holmberg were appointed Justices of the Peace—the first officers in what is now McPherson County. The next year (1869) occurred the first election for the township, now the county of McPherson. McPherson was regularly organized as a county in the spring of 1870, a mass meeting being held at Sweadal. Sweadal, the county seat thus selected, was located about one mile and a half southwest of the present site of Lindsborg. In September, however, the County Commissioners resolved to meet at the latter place, McPherson which had already been located some two years.
In April, 1873, a petition was filed for the county seat re-location. It was signed by 483 voters, and a special election was accordingly ordered for June 10. Upon that day, McPherson received 605 votes, New Gottland 325, King City 3 and Lindsborg 1; McPherson's majority over all, 276. In May the McPherson Town Company had offered, as an inducement for the location of the county seat at this point, the free use of rooms for ten years, and the donation of two squares of land on the town site. The offer was accepted the next month, the County Commissioners selecting blocks 56 and 65. Thus the county seat was established at McPherson and has remained since.
As early as 1875, city leaders of Marion held a meeting to consider a branch railroad from Florence. In 1878, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway and parties from Marion County and McPherson County chartered the Marion and McPherson Railway Company. In 1879, a branch line was built from Florence to McPherson, in 1880 it was extended to Lyons, in 1881 it was extended to Ellinwood. The line was leased and operated by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. The line from Florence to Marion, was abandoned in 1968. In 1992, the line from Marion to McPherson was sold to Central Kansas Railway. In 1993, after heavy flood damage, the line from Marion to McPherson was abandoned. The original branch line connected Florence, Marion, Canada, Hillsboro, Lehigh, Canton, Galva, McPherson, Conway, Windom, Little River, Mitchell, Lyons, Chase, then connected with the original AT&SF main line at Ellinwood.
In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway extended its main line from Herington to Pratt. This main line connected Herington, Ramona, Tampa, Durham, Waldeck, Canton, Galva, McPherson, Groveland, Inman, Medora, Hutchinson, Whiteside, Partridge, Arlington, Langdon, Turon, Preston, Natrona, Pratt. In 1888, this main line was extended to Liberal. Later, this line was extended to Tucumcari, New Mexico and Santa Rosa, New Mexico, where it made a connection with the Southern Pacific from El Paso, Texas. The Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway was absorbed by the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway. This line is also called the "Golden State Route".
20th century
The National Old Trails Road, also known as the Ocean-to-Ocean Highway, was established in 1912, and was routed through Windom, Conway, McPherson.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Saline County (north)
Dickinson County (northeast)
Marion County (east)
Harvey County (southeast)
Reno County (southwest)
Rice County (west)
Ellsworth County (northwest)
Major highways
Interstate 135
U.S. Route 56
U.S. Route 81
K-4
K-61
K-153
Demographics
The McPherson Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of McPherson County.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 29,554 people, 11,205 households, and 7,966 families residing in the county. The population density was 33 people per square mile (13/km2). There were 11,830 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.53% White, 0.81% Black or African American, 0.34% Native American, 0.32% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.79% from other races, and 1.16% from two or more races. 1.94% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 37.1% were of German, 12.9% Swedish, 12.1% American, 6.7% English and 6.3% Irish ancestry according to Census 2000.
There were 11,205 households, out of which 33.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.50% were married couples living together, 6.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.90% were non-families. 25.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.99.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.40% under the age of 18, 10.30% from 18 to 24, 25.20% from 25 to 44, 21.80% from 45 to 64, and 17.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 95.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,138, and the median income for a family was $48,243. Males had a median income of $33,530 versus $21,175 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,921. About 4.20% of families and 6.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 5.20% of those under age 18 and 8.10% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
McPherson county is often carried by Republican candidates. The last time a Democratic candidate has carried this county was in 1964 by Lyndon B. Johnson.
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 1996, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Colleges
McPherson College in McPherson
Bethany College in Lindsborg
Central Christian College in McPherson
Unified school districts
Smoky Valley USD 400
McPherson USD 418
Canton-Galva USD 419
Moundridge USD 423
Inman USD 448
School district office in neighboring county
Goessel USD 411
Little River-Windom USD 444
Museums
Birger Sandzén Memorial Gallery in Lindsborg
McCormick-Deering Days Museum in Inman
McPherson Museum in McPherson
McPherson County Old Mill Museum in Lindsborg
Kansas Motorcycle Museum in Marquette
Communities
Cities
Canton
Galva
Inman
Lindsborg
Marquette
McPherson (county seat)
Moundridge
Windom
Unincorporated communities
†This populated place is designated a Census-Designated Place (CDP) by the United States Census Bureau.
Conway
Elyria†
Groveland
Johnstown
New Gottland
Roxbury†
Ghost towns
Alta Mills
Battle Hill
Christian
Doles Park
Elivon
King City
Sweadal
Townships
McPherson County is divided into twenty-five townships. The cities of Lindsborg and McPherson are considered governmentally independent and are excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
List of people from McPherson County, Kansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in McPherson County, Kansas
McPherson Valley Wetlands
Maxwell Wildlife Refuge
References
Notes
Further reading
County
Through the Years: A Pictorial History of McPherson County; McPherson Sentinel' Heritage House Publishing Co; 1992.
McPherson County First Courthouse Built About 1869 or 1870; Lindsborg News-Record; March 30, 1959.
Pioneer Life and Lore of McPherson County, Kansas; Edna Nyquist; Democratic-Opinion Press; 1932.
A History of the Church of the Brethren in Kansas (includes McPherson College history); Elmer LeRoy Craik; McPherson Daily; Republican Press; 397 pages; 1922.
Portrait and Biographical Record of Dickinson, Saline, McPherson, and Marion Counties, Kansas; Chapman Bros; 614 pages; 1893.
Standard Atlas of McPherson County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 82 pages; 1921.
Plat Book of McPherson County, Kansas; North West Publishing Co; 50 pages; 1903.
Edwards' Atlas of McPherson County, Kansas; John P. Edwards; 51 pages; 1884.
Trails
The Story of the Marking of the Santa Fe Trail by the Daughters of the American Revolution in Kansas and the State of Kansas; Almira Cordry; Crane Co; 164 pages; 1915. (Download 4MB PDF eBook)
The National Old Trails Road To Southern California, Part 1 (LA to KC); Automobile Club Of Southern California; 64 pages; 1916. (Download 6.8MB PDF eBook)
Mennonite Settlements
Impact of Mennonite settlement on the cultural landscape of Kansas; Brenda Martin; Kansas State University; 1985/1988.
Mennonite settlement : the relationship between the physical and cultural environment; Susan Movle; University of Utah; 1975/1886.
Status of Mennonite women in Kansas in their church and home relationships; Eva Harshbarger; Bluffton College; 1925/1945.
External links
County
McPherson County - Directory of Public Officials
Historical
, from Hatteberg's People'' on KAKE TV news
Maps
McPherson County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1867 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1867
John Kelly (6 December 1929 – 13 November 2012) was an Irish racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1929 births
2012 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Irish male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Ireland
Place of birth missing
Garry Richard Rushby Hart, Baron Hart of Chilton (29 June 1940 – 3 August 2017), was a British Labour politician. From 1998 to 2007, they were Expert and then Special Adviser to the Lord Chancellor, first Lord Irvine of Lairg and then Lord Falconer of Thoroton.
Professional career
Before entering public service Hart was a highly successful planning solicitor with Herbert Smith. Their appointment in 1998 was the subject of some controversy, but they were regarded as having a very beneficial influence on Lord Irvine, and serving also as a source of sound advice to Lord Falconer when the latter became Lord Chancellor in 2003. Hart helped guide the Lord Chancellor's Department as it became the Department for Constitutional Affairs, and again as it became the Ministry of Justice.
They were created a life peer on 4 June 2004 taking the title Baron Hart of Chilton, of Chilton in the County of Suffolk.
When Lord Falconer resigned in 2007, Lord Hart left their appointment. They had not spoken in the House of Lords following their peerage as this was considered inconsistent with their Government role. However, in 2007 they seconded the motion on the Queen's Speech in a well received contribution.
Personal life
Lord Hart married first, in 1966, Paula Shepherd. They had two sons and a daughter. The marriage was dissolved in 1986.
They married, secondly, in 1986, Valerie Davies, a lawyer. They had twin daughters.
Lord Hart lived in Chilton Hall in Suffolk with their second wife. Lord Hart was also godfather to Tony Blair's daughter Kathryn.
Arms
References
Links
Profile, hansard.millbanksystems.com; accessed 4 August 2017.
Labour Party (UK) life peers
1940 births
2017 deaths
English solicitors
People educated at Northgate Grammar School, Ipswich
Deaths from cancer in England
20th-century English lawyers
Life peers created by Elizabeth II
Žana Novaković (; born June 24, 1985) is a female alpine skier from Bosnia and Herzegovina who competed for Bosnia and Herzegovina at the 2010 Winter Olympics. They carried their nation's flag at the 2010 Winter Olympics opening ceremony. They also competed at FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2011.
World Cup results
Results per discipline
World Championship results
Olympic results
References
Alpine skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
1985 births
Living people
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Olympic alpine skiers of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina female alpine skiers
Alpine skiers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
This is the discography of the American death metal band Deicide.
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Video albums
Music videos
References
External links
Deicide at Discogs
Deicide at Rate Your Music
Heavy metal group discographies
This is a list of historical events and publications of Australian literature during 2020.
Major publications
Literary fiction
Patrick Allington, Rise & Shine
Robbie Arnott, The Rain Heron
James Bradley, Ghost Species
Trent Dalton, All Our Shimmering Skies
Jon Doust, Return Ticket
Chris Flynn, Mammoth
Anna Goldsworthy, Melting Moments
Kate Grenville, A Room Made of Leaves
Tom Keneally, The Dickens Boy
Sofie Laguna, Infinite Splendours
Bem Le Hunte, Elephants with Headlights
Carol Lefevre, Murmurations
Amanda Lohrey, The Labyrinth
Laura Jean McKay, The Animals in That Country
Ronnie Scott, The Adversary
Pip Williams, The Dictionary of Lost Words
Daniel Davis Wood, At the Edge of the Solid World
Evie Wyld, The Bass Rock
Children's and young adult fiction
Davina Bell, The End of the World Is Bigger than Love
Anna McGregor, Anemone Is Not The Enemy
Garth Nix, The Left-Handed Booksellers of London
Shaun Tan, Dog
Jessica Townsend, Hollowpox: The Hunt for Morrigan Crow
Crime
Anne Buist, The Long Shadow
Candice Fox, Gathering Dark
Dervla McTiernan, The Good Turn
Science Fiction and Fantasy
Max Barry, Providence
Poetry
Laurie Duggan, Homer Street
Michael Farrell, Family Trees
Kate Llewellyn, Harbour
Felicity Plunkett, A Kinder Sea
Ellen van Neerven
Homeland Calling: Words from a new generation of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander voices (as editor)
Throat
Non-fiction
Julia Baird, Phosphorescence: On awe, wonder and things that sustain you when the world goes dark
Richard Fidler, The Golden Maze: A History of Prague
Michael Gawenda, The Powerbroker: Mark Leibler, an Australian Life
Eddie Jaku, The Happiest Man on Earth
John Kinsella, Displaced: A Rural Life
Michael Gawenda, The Powerbroker: Mark Leibler, an Australian
Sophie McNeill, We Can't Say We Didn't Know: Dispatches from an age of impunity
Brenda Niall, Friends and Rivals: Four Great Australian Writers: Barbara Baynton, Ethel Turner, Nettie Palmer, Henry Handel Richardson
Caroline Overington, Missing William Tyrrell
Christopher Pyne, The Insider: The scoops, the scandals and the serious business within the Canberra bubble
Cassandra Pybus, Truganini: Journey Through the Apocalypse
Miranda Tapsell, Top End Girl
Robert Tickner, Ten Doors Down: The Story of an Extraordinary Adoption Reunion
Malcolm Turnbull, A Bigger Picture
Awards and honours
Note: these awards were presented in the year in question.
Lifetime achievement
Fiction
National
Children and Young Adult
National
Crime and Mystery
National
Science Fiction
Non-Fiction
Poetry
Drama
Deaths
1 January – Alexander Frater, 82, travel writer and journalist
6 January – Timoshenko Aslanides, 76, poet
20 January – Steph Bowe, 25, young adult novelist and blogger
1 April – Bruce Dawe, 90, poet
14 May – Judith Clarke, 76, writer for children and teenagers
5 June – Andrew Riemer, 84, literary critic and author
10 June – Jesse Blackadder, 56, novelist, screenwriter and journalist
7 July – Elizabeth Harrower, 92, novelist
10 September – Barbara Ker Wilson, 90, English-born Australian editor and novelist
29 September – Ania Walwicz, poet, playwright, prose writer and visual artist
6 November – Gerald Stone, 87, journalist
14 November – Greg Growden, 60, sports journalist, author and biographer
12 December – Wendy Brennan, 80, romantic fiction writer (co-wrote with husband Frank Brennan as Emma Darcy)
See also
Literature
List of years in Australian literature
List of Australian literary awards
References
Literature
Australian literature by year
Years of the 21st century in Australia
Years of the 21st century in literature
KOLT-FM (100.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Cheyenne, Wyoming, United States, the station serves the Ft. Collins-Greeley area. The station is currently owned by iHeartMedia, Inc., through licensee iHM Licenses, LLC.
History
The station was previously known as KLEN-FM, beginning on 1979-09-26. On 1980-11-04, the station changed its call sign to KKAZ, on 1996-12-09 to KOLZ, and on 2016-03-30 to the current KOLT-FM.
References
External links
OLT-FM
Country radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1979
1979 establishments in Wyoming
IHeartMedia radio stations
Chad Beau Hampson (born March 31, 1988 in New Winthropes, Antigua) is an Antiguan cricketer. who has played for both Leeward Islands cricket team in West Indian domestic cricket. They were named in Stanford Superstars in 2008.
References
External links
Player profile and statistics at CricketArchive
Player profile and statistics at ESPNcricinfo
1988 births
Leeward Islands cricketers
Antigua and Barbuda cricketers
Living people
Future Media Architects (FMA) is an internet development company founded in 2002 and focused on acquiring and developing premiere domain names and web properties. FMA is primarily known for its large portfolio of internet domain names, estimated to exceed 120,000 in 2011. FMA has faced several lawsuits related to cybersquatting activities.
History
FMA was founded by Thunayan Khalid Al-Ghanim, known by their internet alias "elequa", in 2002. Born in 1970 in London, Al-Ghanim "comes from a respected Kuwaiti family that has international business interests".
By mid-2003, FMA had "amassed more than 12,000 quality domains", including media.com, multimedia.com, fm.com, mp3.tv, dj.net, and oxide.com. The company purchased i.net, a major ICANN-approved internet registry, to process and manage its portfolio of domain names purchases.
By 2011, FMA held over 120,000 domain names, though Al-Ghanim said, "I haven't been an active buyer lately."
In 2016, FMA reversed a longstanding policy not to sell domain names, and began offloading parts of its domain portfolio. Notably, it sold a number of four-letter domain names in the Chinese market. In 2017, FMA listed almost 10,000 domain names for sale on the Uniregistry market. Between 2014 and 2018, FMA's domain name sales were estimated at $24M.
In March 2019, after "a dispute that lasted four years", Al-Ghanim was removed as an officer of FMA. The company is now under control of their sister, Shareefah Khalid Al-Ghanim. "According to court documents, Mrs. Alghanim asserted that their brother mismanaged the company, and indulged in a variety of vices impeding their judgement when making decisions about FMA. The two siblings were equal partners in the company with a 50% stake each."
Lawsuits & Controversy
FMA and Al-Ghanim have faced several lawsuits related to cybersquatting activities, with judgements found both for and against FMA. Examples of disputed domains include kiwi.com, jackass.com, and calcar.org.
References
Companies established in 2002
Route 190 is a highway in northern Missouri. Its eastern (or southern) terminus is at U.S. Route 65 north of Chillicothe; its western (or northern) terminus is at Route 146 west of Trenton.
Route description
History
Major intersections
References
190
Transportation in Livingston County, Missouri
Transportation in Daviess County, Missouri
Transportation in Grundy County, Missouri
Tetrarhanis is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are endemic to the Afrotropical realm.
Species
Tetrarhanis baralingam (Larsen, 1998)
Tetrarhanis diversa (Bethune-Baker, 1904)
Tetrarhanis ilala (Riley, 1929)
Tetrarhanis ilma (Hewitson, 1873)
Tetrarhanis laminifer Clench, 1965
Tetrarhanis nubifera (Druce, 1910)
Tetrarhanis ogojae (Stempffer, 1961)
Tetrarhanis okwangwo Larsen, 1998
Tetrarhanis onitshae (Stempffer, 1962)
Tetrarhanis rougeoti (Stempffer, 1954)
Tetrarhanis schoutedeni (Berger, 1954)
Tetrarhanis simplex (Aurivillius, 1895)
Tetrarhanis souanke (Stempffer, 1962)
Tetrarhanis stempfferi (Berger, 1954)
Tetrarhanis symplocus Clench, 1965
References
Poritiinae
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Ferdinand Karsch
Comolli may refer to:
Damien Comolli (born 1972), former football coach, scout and Director of Football
Giovanni Battista Comolli (1775–1831), Italian sculptor
Jean-Louis Comolli (1941–2022), French writer, editor, and film director
Jessica Comolli (born 1985), beauty queen from Montpelier, Vermont
See also
Comollo (surname)
Surnames of Italian origin
Mario Souto (born 5 November 1960) is a Brazilian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1960 births
Living people
Brazilian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Brazil
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Niterói
Carapelle is a town in to the province of Foggia, Apulia, Italy.
Carapelle may also refer to:
Carapelle Calvisio, town in the province of L'Aquila, Abruzzo, Italy
Carapelle (river), river in the province of Foggia, Apulia, Italy
See also
Carapelli
Sergio Tomás Massa (born 28 April 1972) is an Argentine politician currently serving as the country's Minister of Economy since 3 August 2022. From 2019 to 2022, they served as President of the Chamber of Deputies, while serving as a National Deputy for the Frente de Todos elected in Buenos Aires Province. A former member of the Justicialist Party, in 2013 they founded their own political party, the Renewal Front.
Massa previously served as Chief of the Cabinet of Ministers from 2008 to 2009 under Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. They also served twice as intendente (mayor) of Tigre, and as Executive Director of ANSES, Argentina's decentralized state social insurance agency. As the leader of United for a New Alternative, Massa ran for President in 2015, finishing third in the first round of voting with 21%.
On 28 July 2022, Massa was designated as Minister of Economy by President Alberto Fernández. They took office on 3 August 2022.
Early life
Massa was born in western Buenos Aires suburb of San Martín in 1972, to Italian parents from Niscemi, Sicily, and raised in neighboring San Andrés. Attending the School of St. Augustine through grade and secondary school, they enrolled at the University of Belgrano, a private university in the upscale Buenos Aires borough of the same name. Leaving school before completing their law degree studies, they married Malena Galmarini, whose father, Fernando Galmarini, was at the time Secretary of Sports for President Carlos Menem. They did not finish their law degree studies until 2013, during the campaign of 2013 legislative election.
Political career
Early career
They became affiliated to the conservative UCeDé in 1989 as an aide to Alejandro Keck, councilman for the San Martín partido (which includes San Andrés). Massa joined the ruling Justicialist Party in 1995, when the UCeDé endorsed the re-election of President Menem after the latter had sidestepped much of their populist Justicialist Party's platform in favor of a more conservative one. In 1999, they were elected to the Buenos Aires Province Chamber of Deputies as part of the Justicialist Party list. Shortly after a crisis led to President Fernando de la Rúa's December 2001 resignation, the Congress appointed Senator Eduardo Duhalde, a more traditional Peronist than Menem had been. Acquainted with Massa through Restaurant Workers' Union leader Luis Barrionuevo. Duhalde appointed Massa as Director of the ANSeS (Argentina's Social Security administration).
The pragmatic Massa ran on President Néstor Kirchner's center-left Front for Victory ticket during the 2005 legislative elections. Securing a seat in the Chamber of Deputies (lower house of Congress), they forfeited it at the behest of the President, who requested that they stay on as Director of ANSeS. Remaining at the post two more years, they oversaw the voluntary conversion of several million private pension accounts to the ANSeS' aegis when this choice was made available in December 2006.
Mayor of Tigre and Cabinet Chief
Massa was elected Mayor of the Paraná Delta partido of Tigre in October 2007. That year's elections also brought President Néstor Kirchner's wife, Senator Cristina Kirchner, to the Presidency. Enjoying large majorities in Congress, their administration suffered its first major setback when their proposals for higher agricultural export taxes were defeated on July 16, 2008, with Vice President Julio Cobos's surprise, tie-breaking vote against them. The controversy helped lead to the July 23 resignation of Alberto Fernández, the president's Cabinet Chief, and to their replacement with Sergio Massa who, at 36, became the youngest person to hold the influential post since its creation in 1994.
They were persuaded to run as a stand-in candidate (who, after the election, would cede their new seat to a down-ticket name on the party list) for the ruling Front for Victory (FpV) ahead of the June 2009 mid-term elections. Massa, however, enlisted their own candidates (including their wife) for the Tigre City Council under their own ticket, and its success in these city council races distanced them from others in the FpV. Massa had, moreover, harbored differences with the president over a number of policies, including the nationalization of loss-producing private pension funds, the use of the INDEC bureau to understate inflation data, and the vast regulatory powers granted to Commerce Secretary Guillermo Moreno. Following the FpV's narrow defeat in the Chamber of Deputies mid-term races, Massa tendered their resignation to the President, effective July 7. Massa, who appointed the city council president as provisional mayor while they served as the president's cabinet chief, returned to their office of Mayor of Tigre on July 24. They were investigated along with other officials for the illegal retention of "repayments" of nonexistent loans from the pensions of about 17 thousand retired while they were director of the ANSES
Break with the Kirchners
In 2010, Massa joined a group of eight Buenos Aires Province mayors in calling for the establishment of local police departments independent of the Provincial Police; this 'Group of 8' had become disaffected to varying degrees with the Kirchner government, and came to view Massa as presidential timber for a future date. They stumbled into controversy, however, when the WikiLeaks disclosures of 2010 mentioned a number of indiscretions on Massa's part during a dinner hosted the previous year at the U.S. Ambassador's Residence. They were said by one of Ambassador Vilma Socorro Martínez's cables to have revealed details about working with former President Néstor Kirchner, stating that they were "a psychopath; a monster whose bully approach to politics shows their sense of inferiority." They reportedly added that the former president "runs the Argentine government" while their wife (the President) "followed orders," and that they "would be better off without him." They nevertheless remained allied as a member of the FpV faction and the Cristina Kirchner administration, and was re-elected mayor on the FpV slate with 73% of the vote in 2011.
Polling ahead of the October 2013 mid-term elections gave Massa better prospects running for Congress under the FpV party list than on a separate slate. Upon the filing deadline on June 22, however, Massa ultimately opted to form their own Frente Renovador ('Renewal Front') faction with the support of the 'Group of 8' Buenos Aires Province Mayors and others, notably former Argentine Industrial Union president José Ignacio de Mendiguren (recently an ally of Kirchner). This split with Kirchner proved successful for Massa as the Renewal Front slate beat the FpV slate in the Buenos Aires province in both the primary and general elections.
In October 2013, Javier Corradino, president of the Commercial Chamber of Tigre, Adrian Zolezzi, secretary of the same entity, and Santiago Maneiro, secretary of the Commercial Chamber of Pacheco, reported that four of their shops had been closed by Sergio Massa in retaliation for having made a trade agreement with the National Social Security Administration to operate the Argenta card, administered by ANSeS. They denounced the closures as anti-democratic and an act of political persecution towards traders in the municipality. Javier Corradino was expelled from a campaign of Renewal Front's Malena Galmarini, Tigre City Council secretary for health policy and human development, and wife of Sergio Massa.
2015 and 2017 campaigns
Ahead of the 2015 general election, Massa announced their intention to run for President of Argentina. They joined forces with Córdoba governor José Manuel de la Sota to form the United for a New Alternative alliance. Massa sought to appeal to centrist voters in an election disputed by the Peronist Daniel Scioli and the centre-right conservative Mauricio Macri, and focused their campaign on the fight against corruption, climate change, and development through renewable energy sources. In the first round of voting, on 25 October 2015, Massa was the third-most voted candidate with 21% of the vote, trailing behind Scioli and Macri, who went on to dispute the presidency in the second round.
In the 2017 legislative election, Massa's Renewal Front joined forces with progressives Margarita Stolbizer and Victoria Donda to form the 1País ("1Country") electoral coalition. Facing the end of their term as national deputy, Massa and Stolbizer ran for Buenos Aires Province's seats in the National Senate. The senatorial bid was, however, unsuccessful, as the 1País list landed third in the election behind Cambiemos and Unidad Ciudadana.
Frente de Todos and presidency of the Chamber
Ahead of the 2019 general election, Massa made public their intention to once again run for President and launched "Alternativa Federal", a coalition with other non-Kirchnerist members of the Justicialist Party such as Miguel Ángel Pichetto and Juan Manuel Urtubey. However, following the announcement of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner that they would not run for President, but would instead back Alberto Fernández, Massa stood down from the race and pledged their support for the newly formed Frente de Todos, a coalition of Peronist parties and alliances, both Kirchnerist and non-Kirchnerist. They were then nominated to run for a seat in the National Chamber of Deputies as the first candidate in the Frente de Todos list in Buenos Aires Province.
The Frente de Todos list won in a landslide in Buenos Aires Province, easily securing Massa's seat in the Chamber. Upon taking office on 4 December 2019, they were elected as president of the Chamber, succeeding Emilio Monzó. As president of the Chamber of Deputies, Massa introduced modifications to the chamber statute to guarantee gender parity in parliamentary commissions, and splitting the commission on Family, Women, Children and Adolescence into two separate commissions for Family and Childhood and Women and Diversity. During the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent lockdown in Argentina, Massa's administration sought to lower the costs of parliamentary proceedings by suspending legislative aides and restricting mobility benefits for deputies.
In December 2021, Massa was ratified as president of the Chamber for another two years by all parliamentary blocs in the Chamber.
One of Massa's flagship issues during their tenure as president of the Chamber was the reduction of tax pressures on the middle class. In 2022, Renewal Front deputies introduced legislation to raise the minimum quota for income tax.
Minister of Economy
On 29 July 2022, Massa was designated as the country's new Minister of Economy, taking over three previously stand-alone ministries of Economy, Productive Development and Agriculture in the cabinet of President Alberto Fernández. Massa's designation came less than a month after Silvina Batakis' appointment, following the resignation of Martín Guzmán. The fusion of the three ministries led the media to dub Massa superministro ("super-minister"), a term that had previously been used to describe economy ministers in other governments such as Nicolás Dujovne and Domingo Cavallo.
Initial market speculations regarding Massa's first measures as minister led to the Argentine peso recovering against the US dollar, with the unofficial exchange rate ("dólar blue") descending to $280 ARS per dollar on 1 August 2022, down from the peak of $338 ARS per dollar on 21 July.
Personal life
Massa is married to Malena Galmarini, a fellow politician and member of a Peronist political family. Galmarini and Massa met in 1996, and married in 2001. The couple have two children, Milagros and Tomás. Through Galmarini's father, Fernando Galmarini, Massa is the son in law of TV presenter and vedette Moria Casán.
Sports-wise, Massa is a supporter of Club Atlético Tigre.
References
External links
|-
|-
|-
1972 births
Argentine people of Italian descent
Argentine people of Sicilian descent
Argentine Ministers of Finance
Candidates for President of Argentina
Chiefs of Cabinet of Ministers of Argentina
Justicialist Party politicians
Living people
Mayors of places in Argentina
Members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies elected in Buenos Aires Province
Members of the Buenos Aires Province Chamber of Deputies
People from San Martín, Buenos Aires
People from Tigre, Buenos Aires
Presidents of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies
Renewal Front politicians
Mary Texas Hurt Garner (October 3, 1928 – July 1, 1997) was a politician from Alabama. They served as Alabama State Treasurer from 1963 to 1967, State Auditor of Alabama from 1959 to 1963 and Secretary of State of Alabama from 1955 to 1959.
They received a degree from George Washington University and was admitted to the Alabama Bar Association by examination and practiced law one year in Scottsboro before becoming a member of the state Attorney General's office. They resigned this position to become a candidate for the office of Secretary of State in 1954 and was elected State Auditor in 1958 and State Treasurer in 1962.
According to the Centreville Press (Centreville, AL): "Before entering law school, Miss Hurt was the Manager for the Bocanita Theatre in Scottsboro and at the age of 12 was credited with being the 'world's youngest theatre manager.'"
They married William E. Garner on November 3, 1956, and had two children. They died on July 1, 1997.
References
1928 births
1997 deaths
Women state constitutional officers of Alabama
People from Scottsboro, Alabama
Alabama Democrats
George Washington University alumni
State treasurers of Alabama
State Auditors of Alabama
Secretaries of State of Alabama
In computer design, Pico-ITX is a PC motherboard form factor announced by VIA Technologies in January 2007 and demonstrated later the same year at CeBIT. The formfactor was transferred over to SFF-SIG in 2008. The Pico-ITX form factor specifications call for the board to be , which is half the area of Nano-ITX.
EPIA PX
PX10000G
The first motherboard produced in this form factor is called EPIA PX10000G. It is and 10 layers deep. The operating temperature range is from 0°C to about 50°C. The operating humidity level (relative and non-condensing) can be from 0% to about 95%. It uses a 1 GHz VIA C7-M processor, a VIA VX700 chip set, and is RoHS compliant.
It has onboard VGA video, VIA VT6106S 10/100 8P8C Ethernet, UDMA 33/66/100/133 44-pin ATA (1x), and SATA (1x) I/O. DVI and LVDS video-out, USB 2.0, COM, PS/2 Mouse & Keyboard, and HD 5.1 channel audio (supplied by a VIA VT1708A chip) are supported through the usage of I/O pin headers and add-on modules/daughter cards.
It has been demonstrated running Microsoft Windows XP and Windows Vista. older versions of major Linux distributions, including Fedora Core 6 and Ubuntu 7.10, will also run on it. It is available as a single board, as well as part of a barebones package, the Artigo, a small form factor complete computer.
PX5000
This model is similar to the PX10000G, but uses the 500 MHz VIA Eden ULV CPU.
There are two versions of this model, the PX5000G, which has a fan-assisted heatsink, and the PX5000EG, which has a fanless heatsink.
Add-on modules
(Note: Either the VIA PX-O add-on module or 4 USB 2.0 I/O are supplied in retail packages.)
The VIA PX-O daughtercard supplies access to:
1 RCA-out for S/PDIF usage
4 USB 2.0 ports
1 3.5mm Mic-in, 1 3.5mm line-out, 1 3.5mm line-in
1 buzzer/speaker
1 CN9 connector (function TBC)
1 CN10 connector (function TBC).
The VIA VT1625M daughtercard supplies access to:
1 external TV-out
1 video capture port.
The Serener PXFPIO (also labeled under VIA PX-DIO) is 109mm × 22mm in size and connects via a 120mm ribbon cable through a daughter card. This addon may require modification to the heatsink due to the size of the daughter card. It supplies access to:
power & reset switches
3.5mm audio in/out
S/PDIF-in
power & HDD activity LEDs
4 USB 2.0 ports
The VIA PX-TC daughter card, compatible with the PX10000G only, is designed to enhance the multimedia capture and output. It supplies access to:
1 S-Video port
1 video-in port
1 YPbPr port
1 S/PDIF-out
EPIA-P700
The second motherboard series in this form factor, the P700 series improves upon the PX10000G series by offering Gigabit Ethernet (Using the VIA VT6122 chipset) or a 10/100 Ethernet adapter (VIA VT6107) as a manufacturing option, integrating the power adapter (allowing for direct +12V DC-In & enabling it to directly power SATA), and making the Ethernet & VGA ports optional via the P700-A daughter card.
Expanded functionality is offered via the following pin I/O:
1 LAN
1 VGA/DVI
1 COM Port
1 Audio pin connector for Line-out, Line-in, MIC-in
1 Front panel
4 USB 2.0
1 PS2 mouse/keyboard
1 LVDS
1 LPC/SM Bus/GPIO (Unusable due to VIA not releasing a GPIO driver)
The EPIA-P700-10L has a 1 GHz VIA C7 CPU.
The EPIA-P700-05LE has a 500 MHz VIA Eden ULV CPU and has a passive heatsink.
Add-on modules
The P700 comes retail with the P700-A & P700-B daughter cards.
The P700-A supplies:
Gigabit Ethernet
1 VGA port
1 COM port
DVI port via I/O cable
The P700-B supplies:
4 USB 2.0 ports
1 Buzzer
1 Line-out, 1 Line-in, 1 MIC-in (3.5 mm)
Intel-based products
Even though the form factor was introduced by VIA Technologies, there are also boards available based on Intel processors. Some have the CPU and the chipset directly on the Pico-ITX board.
ARM-based products
Pico-ITX boards are also available with ARM architecture. In this field DH electronics uses the standardized DHCOM Computer On Modules with several ARM based modules.
Pico-ITXe
The Pico-ITXe specification adds onto the Pico-ITX form factor by taking the EPIA-P700 and upgrading the chipset to a VX800, doubling the maximum RAM to 2 GB, allowing for 667/533 SO-DIMM RAM, upgrading the GPU to VIA's Chrome9 HC3, and adding support for SUMIT. Another notable addition is the expansion from 10 to 12 layers thickness.
See also
EPIA
Mini-ITX
Mobile-ITX
Ultra-Mobile PC
References
External links
Pico-ITX Initiative Website
VIA EPIA PX Motherboard Series Home Page
"EPIA PX-Series Pico-ITX Mainboard Operating Guide" (Version 1.1, 1.12MB PDF)
EPIA-PX User's Manual (Version 1.11, 478KB PDF)
"World's first pico-itx review", the VIA PX10000G (mini-itx.com)
Level Eleven Pico-ITX case mod
Motherboard
Motherboard form factors
The Marion Moguls were a professional baseball team that played in the Interstate Association and Ohio–Pennsylvania League in 1906, and according to Baseball Reference, 1907. The team was based in the United States city of Marion, Ohio and was managed by Clarence Jessup and Ferdinand Drumm.
Numerous major league players spent time with the team, including Donie Bush, Lew Groh, Scotty Ingerton, Dutch Rudolph, Joe Stewart, Sandy Burk, Jake Daubert, Delos Drake, Charlie Luskey and Hughie Tate.
References
Baseball teams established in 1906
Defunct minor league baseball teams
1906 establishments in Ohio
Defunct baseball teams in Ohio
Baseball teams disestablished in 1907
Pascal Charrière (born 14 November 1964) is a Swiss racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1964 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Swiss male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Switzerland
Place of birth missing (living people)
Farmer Boys is a fast casual chain that operates primarily in California. Its headquarters are located in Riverside, California.
History
Farmer Boys was founded by the Havadjias brothers in 1981. The Havadjias family were immigrants from Cyprus. The brothers originally owned Astro Burgers in Torrance, California in 1979 and Theodore's Restaurant in Hollywood, California in 1981 prior to owning McCoy's Restaurant in Perris, California. McCoy's Restaurant became the first Farmer Boys restaurant following the name change in August 1981. About 16 years later, Farmer Boys had grown to eight restaurants. A year later, Farmer Boys was granted franchise status and later in the year, a Farmer Boys restaurant opened in Temecula, California.
As of 2022, there were more than 100 Farmer Boys restaurants in Arizona, California and Nevada.
In February 2020, Farmer Boys temporarily changed its name to "Farmer Girls" to celebrate Women's History Month and International Women's Day. They gave their bacon burger a new name: "Bacon Girl." The name change was also to honor the chain's 1,600 plus female staff members who help run the business.
In mid-March 2020, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic Farmer Boys temporarily shut down its dining room. Drive-thru, delivery, takeout and pick up service were offered.
In 2021, Farmer Boys expanded into Arizona, the restaurant's third state of operation after California and Nevada. Gilbert, Arizona was the first location.
See also
List of hamburger restaurants
References
External links
Farmer Boys
Fast-food chains of the United States
Fast-food franchises
Fast-food hamburger restaurants
Regional restaurant chains in the United States
Companies based in Riverside, California
Restaurants established in 1981
Restaurants in Riverside County, California
1981 establishments in California
Three polls make up the 2017 NCAA Division I women's soccer rankings, the United Soccer Coaches Poll, the Soccer America Poll, and the Top Drawer Soccer Poll. They represent the ranking system for the 2017 NCAA Division I women's soccer season.
Legend
United Soccer Coaches
Soccer America
Top Drawer
References
Rankings
College women's soccer rankings in the United States
Satish Chandra Mittal (born 1938), is a retired professor of modern Indian history, Kurukshetra University, Haryana, India, and national president of the India Itihas Sankalan Yojana, a subsidiary of RSS, a Hindu-nationalist organisation. They have authored more than 36 books including Freedom Movement in Punjab (1905-1929), Sources of National Movement (1919-1920) and Haryana: A Historical Perspective (1761-1966). They were one of the six people who demanded a ban on Wendy Doniger's book The Hindus: An Alternative History.
Selected publications
Books
Freedom Movement in Punjab, 1905-29. Concept Publishing, 1977.
India distorted: A study of British historians on India. M.D. Publications, 1995.
A selected annotated bibliography on freedom movement in India : Punjab and Haryana, 1858-1947. Aditya Prakashan, New Delhi, 1992.
Haryana, a historical perspective. Atlantic Publishers & Distributors, New Delhi, 1986.
Modern India : a textbook for class XII. National Council of Educational Research and Training, 2003.
Papers
"The Political Influence on Punjab Census ; A Case Study of The Role of The British in the Growth of Hindu-Sikh Tension", Proceedings of the Indian History Congress. Vol. 50, Golden Jubilee Session (1989), pp. 444–454.
See also
James Talboys Wheeler
References
20th-century Indian historians
1938 births
Living people
Kurukshetra University faculty
Indian Hindus
Marc JB (or Marc Jackson Burrows) is a British music producer who was part of the production team that had a number one on the UK Dance Chart with "Thunder in My Heart Again" by Meck featuring Leo Sayer.
They produce in partnership with DJ Lee Dagger and together they have produced and remixed many tracks by other artists, including Kanye West, Britney Spears, Janet Jackson and Yoko Ono. They have many of their remixes cut to the original video on YouTube.
Marc JB, Lee Dagger and house music vocalist Katherine Ellis also form a dance music group called Bimbo Jones. In 2006, the band had a UK hit in 2006 with "Harlem One Stop" reaching number 1 in the UK Dance charts.
Discography
Singles
2006 "Harlem One Stop" (with Bimbo Jones)
2006 "Thunder in My Heart Again" (Meck featuring Leo Sayer)
Remixes
Unstoppable - Goldlock & Octagon
Shake It - The Outhere Brothers
Grace Kelly - Mika
Goodbye - Hi on Life featuring Joniece
Don't Mess with my Man - Booty Luv
What a Feeling - The Hughes Corporation
Fade - Solu Music
Piece of Me - Britney Spears
Float Away - Robbie Rivera
Fascination - Alphabeat
With Love - Hilary Duff
U + Ur Hand - Pink
Who Knew - Pink
In My Arms - Plumb
Take It Like Man - Dragonette
Rainy Monday - Shiny Toy Guns
Band of Gold - Kimberley Locke
Nothin' Better to Do - LeAnn Rimes
Give It All You Got - Ultra Nate featuring Chris Willis
Like a Boy - Ciara
Turn Around - Samantha Jade
Guilty - De Souza featuring Shèna
Where's the Pleasure - Protocol
Superfreak - Beatfreakz
So Excited - Janet Jackson
Sleep - Texas
Industry - The Modern
A Thousand Beautiful Things - Annie Lennox
You and Me - Uniting Nations
This Is My Time - Terri Walker
These Boots Are Made for Walking - Jessica Simpson
Round Round - Bodyrockers
Oh - Ciara
Joy - Staxx
I Wanna Know What Love Is - Systematik
I Said Never Again (But Here We Go Again) - Rachel Stevens
I Like the Way - Bodyrockers
Foolish - Tyler James
Desire - Geri Halliwell
Caught Up - Usher
These Words - Natasha Bedingfield
Goodies - Ciara
The Trouble with Love Is - Kelly Clarkson
Say Something Anyway - Bellefire
Let the Music Take You - Keshia Chanté
Common Ground - Jaimeson
I'll Be There - Emma Bunton
I Like You - DJ Trix
Fresh - Kool & the Gang featuring Liberty X
Everybody Cries - Liberty X
Too Far Gone - Lisa Scott-Lee
Sweet Dreams My L.A. Ex - Rachel Stevens
Sunshine - Gareth Gates
Sundown - S Club 8
Stop Sign - Abs
Passion - Amen! UK
Love Ain't Gonna Wait - S Club
Lately - Lisa Scott-Lee
It's Your Duty - Lene
I Just Wanna Say - Michelle Lawson
Come On Over - Kym Marsh
Without Love - Sun
References
External links
(includes links to Discogs entries for all variations and associated groups)
Bimbo Jones official website
Living people
British record producers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Royal Farm virus, previously known as Karshi virus, was not viewed as pathogenic or harmful to humans. Although infected people suffer with fever-like symptoms, some people in Uzbekistan have reported with severe disease such as encephalitis and other large outbreaks of fever illness connected infection with the virus.
The transmission cycle of members of the M-TBFV complex involves ixodid ticks and rodents. Not enough information about the development of the virus in rodent hosts is available, so many researchers have had to infect mice by needle or by allowing an infected tick to feed on them. Ticks exposed to Royal Farm virus remained efficient carriers even when tested about 8 years after their initial exposure. Because of this insight, these ticks may serve as a long-term maintenance mechanism for Royal Farm virus Earlier studies suggest that the infection of a two-day-old white experimental mice with the virus results in deaths occurring 8–12 days after infection. Nine-day-old mice rarely die with similar exposure.
Classification
More than 38 viral species are transmitted by ticks. Virus-to-tick host relationships are very specific and less than 10% of all tick species (Argasidae and Ixodidae) are known to be carriers of arboviruses. Tick-borne viruses are found in six different virus families (Asfarviridae, Reoviridae, Rhabdoviridae, Orthomyxoviridae, Bunyaviridae, Flaviviridae). Tick-borne flaviviruses are among the most important viruses in the world, primarily Europe and Asia. Tick-borne encephalitis causes between 10,000 and 15,000 human cases every year in Europe and Asia. Most of these viruses are needed for veterinary medicine. Several other tick-borne flaviviruses have not been known to cause human nor animal diseases, and their potential pathogenicity for humans and animals is unknown/unavailable. Alterations in human behavior, land use, or climate may change the actual geographical distribution and transmission intensity so that tick-borne flaviviruses are potentially relevant of the environment and may increase in medical importance.
Historic findings
Isolation of this virus was tested via electron microscopy and testing on mice. Royal Farm virus has a one-way antigenic relationship with West Nile virus. A similar relationship with West Nile virus has been shown in Usutu virus isolated from Coquillettidia aurites in Uganda. However, this is a reverse type of relationship as compared with that between Royal Farm and West Nile viruses. It cannot be excluded that Royal Farm virus appeared due to antigenic drift in a genetically isolated population of West Nile virus.
Replication
Certain species of mosquitoes and ticks were examined for their likelihood of transmitting Royal Farm and Langat (tick-borne encephalitis virus complex) viruses in the laboratory. It was found that there is no proof of replication of Karshi virus in the mosquito species that were tested, however, Karshi virus replication was seen in three species of Ornithodoros ticks tested. When injected with Royal Farm virus, 90% of Ornithodoros ticks (44/49) transmitted this virus by bite to suckling mice, and transmission continued to occur for at least 1 year
References
Flaviviruses
L'Express (lit. "The Express") was a Swiss regional French-language daily newspaper published in Neuchâtel.
Originally founded in 1738 as Feuille d'avis de Neuchatel, it was the oldest still-published French-language newspaper in the world, before it was merged in 2018 with L'Impartial ("The Impartial"), another Swiss French-language paper, to form ArcInfo.
L'Express covered international, national and local issues, including local exhibitions. The newspaper's circulation was 28,490 in 2003.
See also
List of newspapers in Switzerland
References
External links
L'ExpressArchives.ch searchable archive of L'Express (1738–2018), L'Impartial (1881–2018) and ArcInfo (2018–present)
French-language newspapers published in Switzerland
Mass media in Neuchâtel
Publications established in 1738
1738 establishments in Europe
18th-century establishments in Switzerland
Publications disestablished in 2018
Defunct daily newspapers
Kale Peuke (, 'Beautiful Pine') was a town located in the ancient Troad mentioned by Strabo.
Its site is located north of Gürgen Dağ in Asiatic Turkey.
References
Populated places in ancient Troad
Former populated places in Turkey
Johann Georg Fuchs von Dornheim (1586–1633) was the Prince-Bishop of Bamberg from 1623 to 1633. They were known as the "Hexenbrenner" (witch burner) and the "Hexenbischof" (witch-bishop) for presiding over the most intensive period of witch trials in early modern Bamberg.
Biography
Johann Georg Fuchs von Dornheim was born in Wiesentheid on 23 April 1586. Johann Georg was elected Prince-Bishop of Bamberg on 13 February 1623.
Motivated by the Counter-Reformation, Johann Georg presided over the Bamberg witch trials, which lasted from 1626 to 1631. As a part of the trials, they ordered the construction of a "witch-house," a prison which featured a torture chamber adorned with Bible verses. These trials led to the execution of 300-600 individuals, the most notable of which was Bamberg burgomaster Johannes Junius.
Amid the Thirty Years' War, troops under Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden and John George I, Elector of Saxony occupied the Prince-Bishopric of Bamberg on 11 February 1632, forcing Fuchs von Dornheim to flee the city.
They died in exile in Spital am Pyhrn, Austria on 29 March 1633.
References
1586 births
1633 deaths
Prince-Bishops of Bamberg
People from Kitzingen (district)
Bamberg witch trials
Wiklander is a Swedish surname. Notable people with this surname include:
Ann-Cathrine Wiklander (born 1958), Swedish singer
David Boo Wiklander (born 1984), Swedish football player
Iwar Wiklander (born 1939), Swedish actor
Johan Wiklander (born 1981), Swedish ice hockey player
Lars-Göran Wiklander (born 1970), Swedish ice hockey player
Raymond Wiklander, Swedish figure skater
Shane McGuigan is a British boxing coach.  They are the son of former featherweight world champion Barry McGuigan.
Notable fighters
Chantelle Cameron (2017–2019)
Luke Campbell (2018–2021)
Conrad Cummings (2014–2017)
Daniel Dubois (2021–)
Anthony Fowler (2020–)
Carl Frampton (2013–2017)
George Groves (2015–2018)
David Haye (2016–2017)
Lee McGregor (2017–2018)
Lawrence Okolie (2019–)
Chris Billam-Smith (2017–)
Josh Taylor (2015–2020)
References
1988 births
Living people
English male boxers
Boxing trainers
Realart Pictures was a motion picture distribution company founded in 1948 by Jack Broder and Joseph Harris. The company specialized in reissues of older pictures, particularly from the library of Universal Pictures, but also handled an occasional pickup or import, as well as the films made by Jack Broder Productions.<ref>Ted Okuda and Scott MacGillivray, Play It Again, Jack! Remembering Realart: The Re-Releasing Company, Filmfax Magazine #39</ref> It is not to be confused with Realart Productions, a silent movie production unit that was affiliated with Adolph Zukor's Famous Players-Lasky studios, and had no relation to the silent pictures' Realart Pictures Corporation that handled Paramount Pictures releases.
History
When Universal Pictures became Universal-International in 1946, new studio head William Goetz discontinued the studio's B-pictures - comedies, musicals, mysteries, westerns, and serials - to begin a prestigious operation that would feature many independent productions. Goetz had no interest in Universal's sizable backlog, and leased the entire sound-film library (dating from 1930 to 1946) to Broder and Harris. Realart had theatrical reissue rights for 10 years; television rights were not included.
Realart reissued Universal's films in double-feature package deals, with new and more exciting advertising (Universal was never mentioned in the ads or posters). Most films were re-released under their original, familiar titles, while others were given more effective (and often more lurid) titles: The Strange Affair of Uncle Harry became Guilty of Murder; Man-Made Monster became The Atomic Monster; The Mystery of Marie Roget became Phantom of Paris.
Supporting players who had since become stars were now given more prominent billing, such as Robert Mitchum becoming second-billed on the reissue of Gung Ho! (1943); Dan Dailey catapulted to top billing for the reissue of The Andrews Sisters' Give Out, Sisters; and Keefe Brasselle of The Eddie Cantor Story was billed over star Gloria Jean in the waterfront melodrama River Gang. Abbott and Costello were incidental players in their first film, the 1940 Allan Jones musical One Night in the Tropics; Realart removed 13 minutes of footage with the romantic leads, and remarketed the edited version as a full-fledged Abbott & Costello comedy. Realart also acquired non-Universal productions: A Walk in the Sun was retitled Salerno Beachhead.
Theater managers were delighted with Realart's oldies, which did better business than certain new pictures, and Realart prospered. There was a steady market for double features, but exhibitors would not pay a premium for reissues. Realart's Jack Broder saw a chance to make more money by making new films for the double-feature theaters. Broder hired Herman Cohen as a new vice-president and formed Jack Broder Productions, releasing through Realart. These modestly budgeted films included the boxing drama Kid Monk Baroni with a then little known Leonard Nimoy as the title character, and the jungle comedy Bela Lugosi Meets a Brooklyn Gorilla featuring the veteran horror-movie actor and the comedy team of Duke Mitchell and Sammy Petrillo, who imitated Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis. Bride of the Gorilla and Battles of Chief Pontiac ventured into the horror and Western genres, respectively.
Toward the end of Realart's 10-year lease, certain re-releases were themselves re-released (Buck Privates and Little Giant circulated more than once). By the early 1950s, television had become increasingly popular and many neighborhood theaters had closed. Broder sold their own productions to television, with Bela Lugosi Meets a Brooklyn Gorilla making its television debut less than a year after its theatrical run. Broder released only four more Realart originals to theaters: Roger Corman's first film Five Guns West in 1955, Wetbacks in 1956, and a science-fiction/horror double feature Women of the Prehistoric Planet and The Navy vs. the Night Monsters'' in 1966. However, Realart continued to prosper in distribution through so-called "states' rights" offices in several major cities, handling product for production companies, such as American International Pictures, without a distribution network of their own.
References
External links
Interview with Herman Cohen (Internet Archive)
Film production companies of the United States
Film distributors of the United States
Mass media companies established in 1948
American companies established in 1948
The 1946 William & Mary Indians football team was an American football team that represented the College of William & Mary as a member of the Southern Conference (SoCon) during the 1946 college football season. In their third season under head coach Rube McCray, the Indians compiled an 8–2 record (7–1 againt SoCon opponents), finished in second place in the SoCon, and outscored all opponents by a total of 347 to 71.
William & Mary ranked third nationally among major colleges in scoring offense with 34.7 point per game. They also ranked 11th nationally in total offense with an average of 338.3 yards per game. On defense, the team ranked ninth in scoring defense (7.1 point per game), and 15th in total defense.
Guard Knox Ramsey, younger brother of Buster Ramsey, was selected by both the Associated Press (AP) and United Press (UP) as a first-team player on the 1946 All-Southern Conference football team. Ramsey also received third-team honors from the AP on the 1946 All-America college football team. They were praised for their ability to get out of the line fast to lead interference and for their exceptional downfield blocking.
Back Jack Cloud led the team, and ranked 23rd nationally, in scoring with 66 points on 11 touchdowns. Cloud also received first-team honors from the AP and UP on the 1946 All-Southern Conference team. Others receiving all-conference honors were back Tommy Korczowski (AP-3, UP-2), end Robert Steckroth (AP-2, UP-3), tackle Ralph Sazio (AP-2), and center Tommy Thompson (AP-3).
Schedule
NFL Draft selections
References
William and Mary
William & Mary Tribe football seasons
William
Elena Anaya Gutiérrez (born 17 July 1975) is a Spanish actor. They starred alongside Antonio Banderas in Pedro Almodóvar's The Skin I Live In, for which they won the Goya award for Best Actress.  They are also known for their roles in Van Helsing, Habitación en Roma (Room in Rome) and Doctor Poison in Wonder Woman.
Early life
Anaya was born in Palencia, Spain.  They are the youngest of three children. Them mother, Elena (Nena), is a housewife who later owned a boarding house in Palencia. Them father, Juan José Anaya Gómez (1934–2011), was an industrial engineer.
Career
Anaya moved to Cádiz to train as an actor, after which they landed roles in África and Familia.
They first received international attention in 2001 for their role in the sexually explicit drama Sex and Lucía. They also had a small part in Almodóvar's Talk to Them
Them best-known Hollywood film role was as Aleera, one of Dracula's brides in 2004's Van Helsing. That same year, Anaya was named as one of European films' Shooting Stars by European Film Promotion.
In 2006, Anaya appeared in Justin Timberlake's music video for their single, "SexyBack".
After some "quiet" years playing supporting roles in international films such as Savage Grace and Cairo Time, Anaya roared back into prominence with a starring role in the 2010's Room in Rome, and then a return to Almodóvar in The Skin I Live In.
In 2017, Anaya appeared as Doctor Poison in the superhero blockbuster film, Wonder Woman.
Personal life
In August 2011, Spanish tabloid magazine Cuore published photographs of Anaya kissing director Beatriz Sanchís at a naturist beach in Menorca. They were reportedly in a relationship from 2008 to 2013.
In November 2016, it was announced that Anaya was expecting their first child with their partner, Tina Afugu Cordero, a costume designer. In February 2017, Anaya gave birth to their son.
Filmography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Elena Anaya at AllMovie
Elena Anaya at Yahoo! Movies
1975 births
Best Actress Goya Award winners
Spanish lesbian actores
LGBT actors from Spain
Living people
People from Palencia
Spanish film actores
20th-century Spanish actores
21st-century Spanish actores
Industrias Nacionales, also known as INCA, was the leading manufacturer of construction goods in the Dominican Republic. It is headquartered in the Isabela Industrial Zone of Santo Domingo on the outer banks of the Isabela River. In 2013, after merging with competitor Metaldom, it re-branded under the banner of Gerdau Metaldom.
History
INCA began as a nail factory in Santo Domingo after being acquired by Luis Garcia San Miguel in 1947. It was during the regime of dictator Trujillo that Luis Garcia expanded the factory's capabilities by making it a producer of wire mesh and iron gates.
In 1974, Luis Garcia's son, Francisco Garcia Crespo, took over the company and began a process of vertical integration and expansion. This was symbolized with the introduction of new products and processes such as barbed wire and galvanizing capabilities.
By 2001, INCA expanded into the steel rebar business with the purchase of a state of the art steel rolling-mill. The rolling-mill is located 23 kilometers north of Santo Domingo in the Juan Pablo Duarte highway.
In 2007, INCA merged with Gerdau resulting in a 49% holding share for Gerdau and 51% for INCA.
In 2013, Gerdau became the controlling shareholder after INCA merged operations with MetalDom, a competing Dominican company. Both companies now operate under the banner of Gerdau Metaldom.
Business
INCA now produces a wide range of construction products but is mainly focused on the production and distribution of steel rebar, PVC pipes and fittings, galvanized sheets, and nails. Its presence is felt all over the Caribbean and Latin American markets.
Competitors
Arcelor Mittal
External links
Manufacturing companies of the Dominican Republic
Meltdown: A Free-Market Look at Why the Stock Market Collapsed, the Economy Tanked, and the Government Bailout Will Make Things Worse is a book on the global financial crisis of 2007–2008 by historian Thomas Woods, with a foreword by Ron Paul. The book was published on February 9, 2009 by Regnery Publishing.
Overview
Woods is a follower of the Austrian School of economics and believes in allowing the market to freely compete in currency, which they believe would lead to mostly gold-based currency. The book is dedicated to Murray Rothbard and Ron Paul. The book debuted at #16 on the "Hardcover, non-fiction" New York Times Best Seller list, and advanced to the #11 spot in its second week on the list. According to the author's official website, Meltdown was on the NYT Best Seller list for 10 weeks.
Woods' thesis maintains that: deflation of prices neither causes nor prolongs depressions; deflation may be necessary to prevent depressions or to bring depressions to an end; the Fed is the primary cause of business cycles via its arbitrary and coercive control of the money supply; and trying to cure these credit cycles with more government intervention will not work.
Woods argues that government intervention in the form of support for housing and excessive monetary expansion caused the current crisis. By creating an illusion of wealth (that certain resources exist which do not exist), interventions encourage wasteful investments and unsustainable consumption, instead of productive investments. The proposed cures (bailouts, more money creation, and stimulus spending) will just make matters worse. No business is really too big to fail, they say, even large financial institutions. For them, as for other businesses, liquidation is preferable to a bailout from the perspective of the larger economy.
According to Woods, the depressions of the 19th century were caused by banks (various state banks and the Second Bank of the United States) issuing paper money, supposedly convertible to gold, in amounts greatly exceeding their gold reserves.
See also
Great Recession in the United States
The Politically Incorrect Guide to American History
Notes
References
Meltdown: A Free-Market Look at Why the Stock Market Collapsed, the Economy Tanked, and Government Bailouts Will Make Things Worse (2009) &
External links
Washington Times review
Woods at Mises.org
Source of some statistics used in Meltdown
ISBNdb.com review
lewrockwell.com review
Another free market view of the crisis
2009 non-fiction books
Bank failures
Finance books
Austrian School publications
Non-fiction books about the Great Recession
Luján de Cuyo is a department located in the northwest of Mendoza Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of about 104,000 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is Luján de Cuyo, which is located around from the Federal Capital.
Districts
Agrelo
Carrodilla
Chacras de Coria
El Carrizal
La Puntilla
Las Compuertas
Luján de Cuyo
Mayor Drummond
Perdriel
Potrerillos
Ugarteche
Vistalba
See also
Mendoza wine
External links
Municipal Site (Spanish)
Satellelite Photograph of Luján de Cuyo
Tourist Guide (Spanish)
1855 establishments in Argentina
Departments of Mendoza Province
Kosmos 320 ( meaning Cosmos 320), also known as DS-MO No.3 was a technology demonstration satellite which was launched by the Soviet Union in 1970 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme. Its primary mission was to demonstrate orientation control by means of an aerodynamic skirt stabiliser. It also carried an optical research payload for the Soviet Armed Forces.
Launch
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-2I 63SM rocket from Site 86/4 at Kapustin Yar. The launch occurred at 10:59:58 UTC on 16 January 1970.
Orbit
Kosmos 320 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , 48.4 degrees of inclination, and an orbital period of 90.2 minutes. It decayed from orbit on 10 February 1970. Kosmos 320 was the second of two DS-MO satellites to be launched. It was preceded by Kosmos 149, which was launched in March 1967.
References
Kosmos satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1970
1970 in the Soviet Union
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
Sri Lanka is home to 21 endemic mammals. Number of terrestrial mammals that have been recorded from the country is 91. Additionally there are 28 marine mammals in the oceans surrounding the island. Being an island Sri Lanka lacks land area to supports large animals. However fossil evidence of large archaic species of rhinoceroses, hippopotamuses, and lions have been discovered. The flora and fauna of Sri Lanka is mostly
understudied. Therefore, the number of endemics could be underestimated. All three endemic genera Solisorex, Feroculus and Srilankamys, of Sri Lanka are monotypic.
The endemic status of two Sri Lankan shrews has undergone changes as they have been reported in India recently. The Kelaart's long-clawed shrew (Feroculus feroculus) and the Sri Lanka highland shrew (Suncus montanus) were recorded from southern India. At the same time taxonomic revisions have indicated that the flame-striped jungle squirrel (Funambulus layardi), the red slender loris (Loris tardigradus) and two species of mouse deer, Moschiola meminna and M. kathygre are endemic to Sri Lanka. That leaves the number of endemic mammals in Sri Lanka at 16. Meanwhile, a group of researchers has described a new shrew species Crocidura hikmiya from the Sinharaja Forest Reserve in 2007. The discovery leads to increase the ultimate number of endemics to 21 at present.
For Sri Lanka, small mammals are of special importance as they constitute a notable portion of the mammalian fauna of the country. Of the 91 species of mammals. recorded in the country, 31 are rodents and shrews. Furthermore, they are also of significant importance in biological point of view, as they make up largely to the country's endemic faunal component. The endemic small mammals include six rodents and four shrews. Many of these endemic species are found in fragmented rainforests in southwestern Sri Lanka which are highly vulnerable to habitat destruction. As a result, many of these species have been categorised as threatened or endangered at national level.
Endemic mammals
Most endemic mammals are small nocturnal mammals that are seen rarely.
Order Primate: primates
Order Rodentia: rodents
Order Soricomorpha: shrews and moles
Order Carnivora: carnivorans
Order Artiodactyla: even-toed ungulates
References
02
.Mammals
Mammals, endemic
Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka 02
Felipe Guzmán (born 17 October 1967) is a Mexican former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Mexico
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Mexican male sport wrestlers
Pan American Games medalists in wrestling
Pan American Games silver medalists for Mexico
Wrestlers at the 1991 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
20th-century Mexican people
21st-century Mexican people
Silvano Benedetti (born 5 October 1965) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Their son Simone is a footballer.
Club career
Raised in Turin, after two years in Serie B with Parma and Palermo they were loaned to Ascoli, newly promoted to Serie A, debuting 14 September 1986 in Milan - Ascoli (0–1), after serving a month ban following a betting scandal in which they were involved. Returning to Torino, they remained there for four seasons, suffering relegation at the end of 1988–89, the immediate promotion (1989–90), success in the Mitropa Cup and the final of the UEFA Cup in 1991–92. At the end of that season was bought by Roma.
With the Giallorossi they played as a starter in the 1992–93 season, when the team lost Coppa Italia final, in which they scored an own goal against Torino in the final. With Roma they scored four goals in total. They closed their career after a brief stint at Alexandria in Serie C1.
They made a total of 166 appearances in Serie A with Ascoli, Torino and Roma, scoring 7 goals.
Since 2001 they have been part of the Torino staff, focusing specifically on the football school. On 5 July 2014 their contract was renewed to 30 June 2016, as the head of Torino youth system.
Honours
Club
Torino
UEFA Cup: 1991–92 Runner-up
Serie B: 1989–90
Mitropa Cup: 1991
Ascoli
Mitropa Cup: 1987
References
External links
National team statistics on FIGC.it
Silvano Benedetti on LegaSerieA.it, Lega Serie A.
Statistics on Emozionecalcio.it
1965 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
Association football defenders
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Torino F.C. players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
Palermo F.C. players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C. players
A.S. Roma players
U.S. Alessandria Calcio 1912 players
The Romantic Road () is a "theme route" devised by promotion-minded travel agents in the 1950s. It describes the of surface roads between Würzburg and Füssen in southern Germany, specifically in Bavaria and Baden-Württemberg, linking a number of picturesque towns and castles. In medieval times, part of it was a trade route that connected the center of Germany with the south. Today, this region is thought by many international travellers to possess "quintessentially German" scenery and culture, in towns and cities such as Nördlingen, Dinkelsbühl and Rothenburg ob der Tauber and in castles such as Burg Harburg and the famous Neuschwanstein.
With about five million overnight stays, four to five times that number of day visits and around 15,000 tourist jobs generated by the route, it is an economically important southern German travel destination.
Along the route
from north to south:
Würzburg
Holzkirchen (Unterfranken) (new itinerary since 2016)
Urphar (new itinerary since 2016)
Wertheim (new itinerary since 2016)
Tauberbischofsheim
Lauda-Königshofen
Bad Mergentheim
Weikersheim
Röttingen
Creglingen
Rothenburg ob der Tauber
Schillingsfürst
Feuchtwangen
Dinkelsbühl
Wallerstein
Nördlingen
Harburg
Donauwörth
Augsburg
Friedberg
Kaufering
Landsberg am Lech
Hohenfurch
Schongau
Peiting
Rottenbuch
Wildsteig
Steingaden and Wieskirche
Halblech
Schwangau, Neuschwanstein and Hohenschwangau
Füssen
See also
Japan Romantic Road, the Romantic Road's sister route in Japan
References
External links
Official website
Official website
Romantic Road, Article
Article about the Romantic Road
German tourist routes
Roads in Baden-Württemberg
Cycleways in Germany
Transport in Bavaria
Transport in Baden-Württemberg
Tourist attractions in Bavaria
Tourist attractions in Baden-Württemberg
The 2016 Indonesian Basketball League is the eight season under the name of IBL, a nationwide basketball competition which previously known as National Basketball League (NBL).
The league will continue, despite the fact that Azrul, the owner of PT DBL Indonesia did not renew their contract. The format will be different, closer to what is done in the Philippines. Teams will play each other twice rather than three times.
Teams
Schedule
Pre-season
Preliminary round
All times are local (UTC+7).
Group A
Group B
Group C
Finals round
Individual awards
Finals MVP Ponsianus Nyoman Indrawan ( Pelita Jaya Energi Mega Persada )
Players
Foreign players
The teams were not allowed to have foreign players but were allowed to have a naturalized player of Indonesian descent.
Rookie
Regular season
Standings
Playoffs
Note: All times listed are in Indonesia Western Standard Time (IWST) (UTC+7).
Format
In the quarter-finals, the two highest-seeded teams in the series has the twice-to-beat advantage; in this case, the team with the twice to beat advantage needs to be beaten twice by its opponent, while it only has to win once, in a de facto 1–0 lead in a best-of-3 series. All other series has the best-of-three format. All games were played in BritAma Arena, Jakarta from 15 to 29 May 2016.
Bracket
Teams in bold advanced to the next round. The numbers to the left of each team indicate the team's seeding in the regular season, and the numbers to the right indicate the number of games the team won in that round.
Quarter-finals
(1) CLS Knights Surabaya vs. (8) Satya Wacana Salatiga
(2) Pelita Jaya EMP Jakarta vs. (7) Hangtuah Sumsel
(3) M88 Aspac Jakarta vs (6) Stadium Happy 8 Jakarta
(4) Satria Muda Pertamina Jakarta vs (5) Garuda Bandung
Semi-finals
(1) CLS Knights Surabaya vs. (4) Satria Muda Pertamina Jakarta
(2) Pelita Jaya EMP Jakarta vs. (3) M88 Aspac Jakarta
Finals: (1) CLS Knights Surabaya vs. (2) Pelita Jaya EMP Jakarta
Awards
Most Valuable Player: Jamarr Andre Johnson, CLS Knights Surabaya
Rookie of the Year: Jamarr Andre Johnson, CLS Knights Surabaya
Sixth man of the Year: Andakara Prastawa, M88 Aspac Jakarta
Defensive player of the Year: Firman Dwi Nugroho, Satya Wacana Salatiga
Most Improved Player: Firman Dwi Nugroho, Satya Wacana Salatiga
Coach of the Year: Efri Meldi, Satya Wacana Salatiga
Statistics
Points
Assists
Rebounds
Blocks
References
League
Indonesia
Hans (Joachim) Dominik (15 November 1872 – 9 December 1945) was a German science fiction and non-fiction author, science journalist and engineer (electrical and mechanical).
Born in Zwickau, the son of Friedrich Wilhelm Emil Dominik, a bookseller and editor of periodicals, the young Dominik was educated at the Ernestine Gymnasium, Gotha, where their strong subjects were the sciences. They later recalled that they were weaker in dead languages.
Dominik was the author of sixteen science fiction novels, published between 1921 and 1940. One unsympathetic biographer, William B. Fischer, has written of them that “In many ways they were shallow-minded and ignorant, yet pompously opinionated about literature, science, and politics. They were also a racist and chauvinist whose attitudes and works easily lent themselves to the aims of National Socialism.” Despite this, in the 1980s Dominik was still one of the small number of highly popular German-born science fiction writers.
References
External links
German science fiction writers
German journalists
German male journalists
1872 births
1945 deaths
People from Zwickau
German male writers
Anguilla women's national football team is the national team of Anguilla, a British Overseas Territory in the Caribbean, and is controlled by the Anguilla Football Association. It is affiliated to the Caribbean Football Union of CONCACAF. As of November 2015, it remains unranked on the FIFA Women's World Rankings.
History
In 2003, Anguilla did play four matches but these were not FIFA recognised. The team played six matches in 2004, two of which were FIFA recognised. The country's first FIFA recognised matched was played on Saturday, 28 August 2004 in a game played in St. John's against Antigua and Barbuda women's national football team, with Antigua and Barbuda winning 1–0. They played their second FIFA recognised match one day later in the same city with Anguilla pulling off a 1–0 victory. In 2005, the national team played in 10 matches, none of which were FIFA recognised. In 2006, the team played 0 games at a time when the team had four training sessions a week. The following year, they again failed to play a single FIFA recognised match. In 2008, they participated in two FIFA recognised matches, with both games being played in August in St. Croix, US Virgin Islands. In the first match on 29 August, they tied the US Virgin Islands 2–2 after being behind 0–1 at the half. They won the second match against the US Virgin Islands 1–0 on 31 August. The team did not play a FIFA recognised match in 2009.
2010 CONCACAF Gold Cup
Anguilla entered in the Caribbean qualifiers for the 2010 Gold Cup, held in Mexico during 28 October–8 November 2010. The team was drawn along with Barbados and Grenada. The first game (as away team) was in Barbados National Stadium and finished with an 0–3 loss to Barbados. Again in Barbados National Stadium, Anguilla faced Grenada, and the result was a 2–0 victory. Despite this result, Anguilla didn't qualify to the next stage because the only place from Group E was occupied by Barbados, who won both of its matches. With this result, Anguilla was also eliminated from the 2011 World Cup, celebrated in Germany.
2014 CONCACAF Gold Cup
Anguilla's selected rivals for the qualifiers of the 2014 Caribbean Cup (qualifying tournament for the 2014 Gold Cup) were Jamaica, Dominican Republic and Saint Lucia in the Group 5. Anguilla withdrew before the start of the competition due to the outbreak of Chikungunya virus. This means that Anguilla's last match to the date was on 30 March 2010 against Grenada for the 2010 qualifiers.
Team image
Home stadium
The Anguilla women's national football team plays their home matches on the Ronald Webster Park.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2022
Players
Current squad
The following players were called up for the match against Mexico on 9 April 2022.
Recent call ups
Head-to-head record
Coaching staff
Manager history
Colin Johnson (2004–2019)
Keturah Caines (2019–2021)
Ahkeela Mollon (2021–)
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
CONCACAF W Championship
CFU Women's Caribbean Cup/Challenge Series
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
See also
Sport in Anguilla
Football in Anguilla
Women's football in Anguilla
Anguilla women's national under-20 football team
Anguilla women's national under-17 football team
Anguilla men's national football team
References
External links
FIFA profile
Caribbean women's national association football teams
women
Lester Breslow (March 17, 1915 in Bismarck, North Dakota, USA – April 9, 2012 in Los Angeles, California, USA)
was an American physician who promoted public health.
Breslow's career had a significant impact.  They are credited with pioneering chronic disease prevention and health behavior intervention. Their work with the Human Population Laboratory in the Alameda County Study established the connection between mortality and lifestyle issues like exercise, diet, sleep, smoking, and alcohol. They have been called "Mr. Public Health".
Among other positions, Breslow served as President of the American Public Health Association, the Association of Schools of Public Health and the International Epidemiological Association.
Breslow served as founding editor of the Annual Review of Public Health from 1980–1990.
Education
Breslow received a B.A. in psychology from the University of Minnesota in 1935, followed by their M.D. in 1938 and M.P.H. in 1941.
While studying to be a psychiatrist in medical school, they worked for a summer in the Fergus Falls Minnesota State Hospital for the Insane. This experience left them discouraged since there was little they could do to treat patients at that time except to keep them out of harm's way. After Breslow returned to medical school for their senior year, they shared their feelings with a friend and faculty member who introduced them to Gaylord Anderson, a new professor of public health. Anderson interested Breslow in a career in epidemiology.
Career
Breslow worked from 1941-1943 as a public health officer for the Minnesota Department of Health.
During World War II Breslow served in the United States Army as a public health officer on a ship sent to the Pacific.
California Department of Public Health
After the war, Breslow took a position with the California State Department of Public Health.
In 1946 they became the Founding Chief of the Bureau of Chronic Disease Control of the California State Department of Public Health where they introduced innovative programs in the surveillance, prevention, and control of chronic disease that became national models. These included the establishment of the California Tumor Registry in 1947. A voluntary initiative targeting hospitals, the registry is credited with educating doctors, increasing their skills, and improving patient care.
In the 1940s and '50s, Breslow did definitive studies on smoking's harm to human health.
President Harry Truman appointed Breslow as Director of the President's Commission on the Health Needs of the Nation, which reported in 1952.
Smoking and Health: Report of the Advisory Committee to the Surgeon General of the United States, published in 1964, drew upon Breslow's research on the links between smoking cigarettes and lung diseases such as cancer.
From 1960-1965, Breslow served as Chief of Preventive Medicine Services of the California State Department of Public Health. From 1965-1968, they were the Director of the California State Department of Public Health. Ronald Reagan, then Governor of California, chose to replace Breslow, a Democrat, due to “philosophical differences” over cuts in medical care for the poor.
Breslow spoke of themselves as “a political activist for disadvantaged people.”
They served as President of the International Epidemiological Association from 1964-1968.
University of California, Los Angeles
In 1968, Breslow became Professor of Public Health at the University of California, Los Angeles.
As of 1970, they became Dean of the Jonathan and Karin Fielding School of Public Health, UCLA.
Also during this time, Breslow served as President of the American Public Health Association from 1968-1969.
In 1969, they were elected founding co-president of NARAL Pro-Choice America with Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm.
From 1973-1975, they served as President of the Association of Schools of Public Health.
As of 1980, Breslow became professor emeritus at UCLA, continuing to do research and write.
Breslow was the founding editor of the Annual Review of Public Health from 1980–1990.
They were elected as a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 1982, and held that honor at the same time as their son, Norman E. Breslow, who was elected in 1984.
Breslow became chair of the Ad-Hoc Tobacco Prevention Interim Advisory Committee in 1989, and was the vice-chair of the Tobacco Education Oversight Committee for California, 1990–1996. In 1993, they published "California's Proposition 99 on Tobacco, and its Impact". Breslow was appointed to lead the Los Angeles County Public Health Commission in 1997, tasked with reviewing "across-the-board operations of public health".
Breslow was the editor-in-chief of the four-volume Encyclopedia of Public Health (2002). They also published a memoir, A life in public health (2005).
Research
Breslow's work over more than half of a century made a very large impact on the world of public health.  They are credited with pioneering chronic disease prevention and health behavior intervention. Among the techniques they employed were multiphasic screening and morbidity surveys. They explored both the etiology of chronic illness and the ecological conditions in which disease occurs.
One of their most famous works is with the Human Population Laboratory in Alameda County where they identified a correlation between various lifestyle issues and mortality. Between 1965 and 1985, Breslow tracked approximately 7,000 adults in a longitudinal study that examined the relationship between mortality rates, health status, social networks, and potentially relevant personal characteristics and behaviors.
Breslow identified seven habits characteristic of healthy people, since referred to as the "Alameda 7":
1) Having never smoked
2) Drinking moderately or not at all (defined as drinking no more than five drinks at one sitting)
3) Sleeping 7–8 hours a night
4) Exercising
5) Maintaining an appropriate body weight for one's height
6) Avoiding snacks
7) Eating breakfast regularly.
Breslow's data showed that a 45-year-old with six or more of these healthy habits could expect a lifespan of 11 years more than someone who had three or less of the healthy habits. Breslow and others have developed health risk appraisal scales to assess overall health status (adjusted for age) based on behavioral information.
The Alameda study helped to bring about a broader view of health and disease. It established that a person's health did not depend solely on exposure to disease (a one disease-one cause model) but also to their general susceptibility to disease.
The results are in alignment with the World Health Organization's efforts to redefine health as a state of “physical, mental and social well-being.”
The Alameda County Study was also the first to look at the impact of social networks on mortality. Degree of social connectedness was found to be a major predictor of mortality risk, as those with more connections to family, friends, and community were likely to live longer.
Breslow and others identify two eras in public health, the first focused on communicable diseases and the second on chronic diseases as the leading cause of death. Breslow suggests that a third era would focus on health as opposed to illness, and emphasize the means of promoting well-being and leading satisfying lives. Breslow believed that health should be regarded as a resource for everyday life, as opposed to just a way to prevent disease.
In 2010, they co-authored a paper proposing ways to reorganize the public health system in the United States to more effectively support public health. They and their co-authors identified ten essential public health services which should be seen as part of an "Ecologic Model of Health" in which people are considered in the broad context of their social and physical environments, and interventions are targeted at policies with broad health impacts. Public health is equated with community health.
Breslow was considered an exemplary doctor as well as a genuinely good person.
In an obituary written by one of their former protégées it says, "I was one of Lester's preventative medicine residents 15 years ago…Having had an opportunity to observe them engage with 'paupers' and 'kings,' I can attest to their treatment of all with respect and appreciation for their humanity, abilities, and contributions. I can also attest to their refusal to accept anything less than the best, from others (like me!) and particularly, from himself."
Awards
1960, Lasker Award, Lasker Foundation
1977, Sedgwick Memorial Medal, American Public Health Association.
1997, Gustav O. Lienhard Award, Institute of Medicine (IOM)
2008, Harold S. Diehl Award, University of Minnesota Medical School
Selected works
Archives
References
1915 births
2012 deaths
American public health doctors
People from Bismarck, North Dakota
UCLA School of Public Health faculty
Anti-smoking activists
University of Minnesota Medical School alumni
United States Army Medical Corps officers
United States Army personnel of World War II
University of Minnesota School of Public Health alumni
Annual Reviews (publisher) editors
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
The 1967 Copa Libertadores Finals were the two-legged final that decided the winner of the 1967 Copa Libertadores, the 8th edition of the Copa Libertadores de América, South America's premier international club football tournament organized by CONMEBOL.
The finals were contested in two-legged home-and-away format between Argentine team Racing Club de Avellaneda
and Uruguayan team Nacional. The first leg was hosted by Racing at Estadio Presidente Perón of Avellaneda on 15 August 1967, while the second leg was played at Estadio Centenario in Montevideo on 25 August 1967.
After both games were drawn, a third game was hosted at Estadio Nacional in Santiago de Chile on 29 August 1967. Racing beat Nacional by 2–1 therefore winning their 1st. Copa Libertadores title.
Qualified teams
Stadiums
Match details
First leg
Second leg
Playoff
References
1967
1
L
L
1967 in Uruguayan football
1967 in Argentine football
Football in Avellaneda
Football in Montevideo
Their Majesty's hired armed ship Charles served the Royal Navy from 17 May 1804 to 13 May 1814. Prize money notices and other accounts referred to them interchangeably as the "hired armed brig", "hired armed ship", and "hired sloop".
Lady's Adventure, Darby, master, arrived at Elsinore on 10 June 1806, having received assistance from Charles. Lady's Adventure had lost their rudder on "Trindall Rock" while sailing from Newcastle to Copenhagen.
In about March 1807 Charles came under the command of G. Davies Robert Clephane on the North Sea station. Between 12 April and 22 May they assisted at the siege of Danzig, together with the hired armed sloop Sally, and . Charles proved themselves useful during the siege and when the British squadron left, evacuated some of General Nikolay Kamensky's troops. On 19 August Charles detained Flensburg and sent them into Grimsby. Flensburg, of Copenhagen, was coming from Messina. In October, by one report, Clephane transferred to , but this is not borne out by Nautiluss history.
On 17 January 1808 the "armed brig" Charles arrived at Grimsby much damaged and having lost their masts. They had captured a lugger privateer off the Dogger Bank and sent them into Yarmouth. In March 1808 Clephane assumed command of .
From April 1808, Charless commander reportedly was James Welsh. However, in June Charles brought into the Humber two Danish schooners laden with grain, Hercules and Saint Peter. The prize money announcement reports the capture occurred on 3 June, and that commander of the "hired armed brig Charles" was Lieutenant R. Hexter.
On 1 August "His Majesty's Hired Armed Ship Charles", R.H. Hexter, "late commander", captured Vrow Christine.
Then on 13 May 1809, the "hired armed ship Charles", under the command of R.H. Hexter, in company with , captured Dredokken.
On 23 October Captain Thomas Byam Martin, of , and chief of the Gottenberg station, sent Hexter and Charles to St Kalf Sound, which is a few miles north of Wingo Sound, Sweden. There they were to protect the vessels of a convoy that a storm had scattered, and send them to Flemish Roads, before bringing the rest of the convoy as soon as possible.
On 14 November, three Danish sloops arrived at Leith, prizes to Talbot, the sloop Charles, and the cutter Hero.
On 4 September 1810 they brought into Grimsby two vessels that they had detained, Jonge Johanes and Neptunus, which was carrying a cargo of fish.
In 1811, Lieutenant Lawrence Smith commanded. In February gales caused the ship Americano, from , to run afoul of Charles, resulting in extensive damage to Americano.
Smith was followed in 1812 by Lieutenant J. Mitchell. On 1 August Charles detained and sent into Dover Mars, of and for Wilmington. Mars had been sailing from London. British authorities released Mars a few days later.
On 20 July 1813 they captured the American ship Eliza. Eliza, Wheeler, master, was carrying a cargo of silks to New York. They arrived at Leith on 22 July.
On 18 August Charles captured Emanuel, Humanus Von Leick, master.
The French privateer captured Nancy, Morrison, master, off Beachy Head on 8 October as Nancy was sailing from London to Madeira. Charles recaptured Nancy and brought them into Dover; unfortunately, the master had been killed.
One source states that in 1814 Lieutenant J. Little commanded Charles. However, Lieutenant John Little was in command of HM hired armed schooner Charles between 1811 and 1814.
Citations and references
Citations
References
Hired armed vessels of the Royal Navy
Seven Oaks, also known as the Dixon House, is a historic building located in Sac City, Iowa, United States. The house is locally significant as the finest example of the Queen Anne style. The 2½-story, frame, structure was designed by Storm Lake, Iowa architect J.M. Russell. The sun porches were designed by the prominent Des Moines architectural firm of Proudfoot & Bird. Weatherboard covers the exterior of the first two floors and the gable ends are composed of wood shingles. It has a fieldstone basement and brick chimneys. It was the first residence in town to have electricity because it had its own generator. The house was built by Eli and Amie Baily for their family home. They were a prominent local banker. It passed to their daughter and son-in-law Paul and Elizabeth Dixon. Paul owned the family lumber company. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
References
Houses completed in 1893
Sac City, Iowa
Queen Anne architecture in Iowa
Houses in Sac County, Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Sac County, Iowa
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Alexei Fedorovich Turchaninov (; born Alexei Fedorovich Vasilyev; 1704/1705 – March 21, 1787) was a business magnate in the Russian Empire, grandfather of Pavel and Dmitry Solomirsky, the member of the wealthy Turchaninov family.
Biography
Alexei Vasilyev served the Turchaninov family since childhood. Their origin is unknown. They proved themselves a capable salesperson and eventually got more important tasks to perform. In 1737 they married the daughter of Michail Turchaninov, Fedosya, and took their wife's surname. They took control of their fortune when they were about 20 years old. They placed high emphasis on metallurgy at the Troitsky Copper Smelting Plant, constantly seeking to improve the product quality.
They supplied high-quality copper cookware to the court and gained favour with the Empress Elizabeth. In 1758 they used their connections at the court and became the owner of the three plants in the Ural region. They were permitted to purchase the Gumyoshevsky mine along with the Polevskoy Copper Smelting Plant, Seversky Pipe Plant and Sysertsky Plant for 145,5 thousand rubles. These factories represented the so-called Sysert Mining District (). They were extremely profitable.
Turchaninov reorganized the production process and changed the focus from producing metal only to making other products, such as flat iron, roofing iron, household items and so on. The Mining Commission that supervised the plants in 1766 was very satisfied with the result. They said in their report that Turchaninov multiplied the performance capabilities of the plants.
Turchaninov engaged in philanthropy. They were known for caring about their workers. They ordered to give away timber, poles, firewood to local populace for free. Once a year the workers had a month's holiday, fully paid. Medicines, health care and schooling were free as well. Turchaninov built the zoo, the botanical garden, two museums, and the library in Sysert. They founded several settlements in the Ural region. They started the mining of malachite and managed to create a high demand for the product.
During Pugachev's Rebellion (1773—1775) they organized the defences and led the people himself. Turchaninov managed to repel all the attacks by the rebel forces, preventing them from advancing further to Yekaterinburg. Mostly due to these acts of bravery Catherine the Great granted them nobility in 1783. Their new coat of arms included "a silver heron holding a stone". The image of a heron was used as a brand of the metallurgical plants in the Sysert Mining District till the 20th century.
Children
In 1763 Turchaninov's first wife Fedosya died, leaving them with no heirs. They remarried Filatseta Stepanovna, a woman of common birth. They had 8 children together.
Alexey (1766—1839), is notable for their marriage to Aleksandra Yermolaeva ( 1775—?). They were the first Russian woman to perform a balloon flight (over Moscow in 1804). The marriage ended with a divorce.
Pyotr (1769—1815)
Alexander (1772—1796), Colonel.
Yekaterina, married to Alexander Kokoshkin in 1784. They had a son Sergey (1785—1861), the infantry general; a daughter Varvara (died in 1842) was married to Pyotr Kleinmichel.
Natalya Koltovskaya (1773—1834), married Nikolay Koltovsky in 1789. Had two sons Pavel and Vladimir from liaison with Dmitry Tatishchev. Their successors ran the plants till 1912.
Yelizaveta Titova (1774—1827), married Alexey Titov. With their sisters Natalya and Nadezhda, Yelizaveta was the co-heiress of their father's business.
Nadezhda (1778—1850), married Mark Ivelich, Russian diplomat and the lieutenant general of Serbian descent, in 1798. They later became a member of the Governing Senate. One of their sons Nicholai Ivelich (1797-1875) became a count.
Anna (1780—1849), married Nikolay Zubov in 1796.
References
1704 births
1787 deaths
Businesspeople of the Russian Empire
Nobility from the Russian Empire
18th-century businesspeople of the Russian Empire
Burials at Lazarevskoe Cemetery (Saint Petersburg)
The white bellbird (Procnias albus) is a species of bird in the family Cotingidae. The specific epithet is often spelled alba, but albus is correct due to the masculine gender of "Procnias". It is found in forests in the Guianas, with small numbers in Venezuela and the Brazilian state of Pará, as well as Trinidad and Tobago and Panama. As in two other members of Procnias, the males have wattles, fleshy structures akin to the red skin flap that hangs from the throat of roosters.
Description
The white bellbird grows to a length of about . The male is pure white with a black bill that has a fleshy black wattle, sparsely feathered with white feathers, dangling from its top and hanging down the side, usually the right side; the female is an overall olive colour, with olive streaks on the yellowish underparts, and resembles other bellbirds. The male is unlikely to be mistaken for anything else, but the female resembles the bearded bellbird (Procnias averano); that bird has a dusky olive crown and black streaking on the throat.
According to a study published in 2019, the white bellbird makes the loudest call ever recorded for birds, reaching 125 dB(A) (at equivalent 1m distance). The record was previously held by the screaming piha with 116 dB.
Status
Although the white bellbird is an uncommon bird, its total population is estimated to be large. The population may be in slight decline because of deforestation, but not at a fast enough rate for it to be considered threatened, so the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
Further reading
Snow, D.W. (1982). The Cotingas: Bellbirds, Umbrella birds and their allies. British Museum Press.
External links
white bellbird
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Trinidad and Tobago
Birds of the Caribbean
white bellbird
Taxa named by Johann Hermann
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Frederick Joseph "Fred" Page (14 August 1858 – 18 February 1929) was an Australian politician.
They were born in Richmond to tanner Seth Richard Page and Sarah Hearne. They left school early to become a tanner's apprentice, working in Granville before taking over a Botany tannery in 1887. They married Elizabeth Priscilla Barratt in 1880; they had three children. Page was a Botany alderman from 1898 to 1903 and from 1924 to 1928, serving as mayor in 1902 and 1928. In 1907 they were elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the Labor member for Botany. They opposed the 1913 referendum and was refused endorsement, but was re-elected anyway as an Independent Labor member. They lost their seat in 1917. They died at Botany in 1929. On their death, Botany council renamed the suburb of Pagewood in their honour.
References
1858 births
1929 deaths
Australian Labor Party mayors
Independent members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Mayors of Botany and Botany Bay
USS Tamalpais (AO-96) was a acquired by the United States Navy for use during World War II. They had the dangerous but necessary task of providing fuel to vessels in combat and non-combat areas. They served in the Pacific Ocean Theatre of operations late in the war.
Tamalpais was laid down at Sausalito, California, on 18 September 1944 under Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 1831) by the Marinship Corp.; launched on 29 October 1944, sponsored by Mrs. H. B. Anderson, acquired by the Navy on 20 May 1945, and commissioned that same day, Lt. Cmdr. A. J. Church, USNR, in command.
World War II Pacific Theatre operations
The fleet oiler departed San Francisco, California, on 7 June for shakedown training out of San Diego, California. On the 16th, they were ordered to San Pedro, California, to load potable water and, eight days later, they headed for the Marshall Islands. On 8 July, Tamalpais reached Eniwetok and discharged their cargo. The following day, they continued on to Manus, in the Admiralty Islands, where they loaded another cargo of water which they delivered to Ulithi on 22 July. They returned to Manus on the 26th. They put to sea again on 8 August, headed for the Philippines with a fresh water cargo, and arrived at Leyte on 10 August.
End-of-war activity
Four days later, as hostilities in the Pacific were ending, they stood out of Leyte Gulf to rendezvous with Task Group 30.8 off the coast of Japan. The ship entered Sagami Bay on the 28th and anchored in Tokyo Bay on the 30th. There, they issued water to hospital ships and small craft. They remained in Japan (either at Tokyo, Yokosuka, or Sasebo) until March 1946.
On 4 March, Tamalpais departed Sasebo for Hong Kong, where they stayed almost two months. On 26 April, they sailed from Hong Kong to return to the United States. They transited the Panama Canal between 22 and 24 May and arrived in Mobile, Alabama, on the 28th. On 21 June 1946, they were decommissioned and returned to the War Shipping Administration for lay up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet. Them name was struck from the Navy List on 8 July 1946.
Assigned to duty with MSTS
On 10 March 1948, Tamalpais was reacquired by the Navy, and they were operated by a civilian contractor for the Navy until 1 October 1949, when they were transferred to the Military Sea Transportation Service for duty as a non-commissioned naval vessel manned by civilian personnel. On 28 April 1950, their name was reinstated on the Navy list. For the next eight years, they plied the oceans of the world as USNS Tamalpais (T-AO-96), visiting major ports the world over and carrying petroleum for the Navy. On 18 December 1967, their name was again struck from the Navy list; and they were transferred to the Maritime Commission's James River Group, National Defense Reserve Fleet.
Transferred to the U.S. Army
On 3 June 1966, Tamalpais was turned over to the Department of the Army to serve as a floating power station under Project Powerfloat.
References
External links
Escambia-class oilers
Type T2-SE-A2 tankers of the United States Navy
Ships built in Sausalito, California
1944 ships
World War II tankers of the United States
Pú (蒲) is a Chinese surname.
Notable people
Fu Jian (317–355) (Chinese: 苻健; 317–355), originally named Pu Jian (蒲健, name changed 350), courtesy name Jianye (建業), the founding emperor of the Chinese/Di state Former Qin
Pu Shougeng
Pu Songling (蒲松齡), a Qing dynasty Chinese writer, best known as the author of Strange Stories from a Chinese Studio
Pu Hua (蒲華, c. 1834–1911) a Qing dynasty landscape painter and calligrapher
Pu Tze-chun (蒲澤春; dob unknown ) an admiral of the Republic of China Navy (ROCN) in Taiwan
Mu-ming Poo, Chinese-American neuroscientist
Ai-jen Poo (蒲艾眞; born 1974, ancestry: Taiwan) is an American labor activist, director of the National Domestic Workers Alliance
Kevin Pu Jun Jin (蒲俊錦; born 1984) is a Chinese racing driver currently competing in the TCR Asia Series
Pu Zhelong (蒲蛰龙; 1912–1997, born Yunnan, ancestry: Qinzhou, Guangxi) a Chinese entomologist and an academician of the Chinese Academy of
Pu Tiansheng (or Pu Tian-shen, Chinese: 蒲添生, 1912~1996) a Taiwanese sculptor
Individual Chinese surnames
Lycopus amplectens, common names clasping-leaved water-horehound, sessile-leaved bugleweed, and sessile-leaved water-horehound, is a species of Lycopus native to North America.
Conservation status in the United States
It is listed as endangered in Indiana and Maryland. It is listed as a special concern in Connecticut.
References
amplectens
Flora of North America
John Aiken (born 1950) is an Irish sculptor who is professor of fine arts and director of the Academy of Visual Arts at Hong Kong Baptist University. They were previously Slade Professor of Fine Arts and director of the Slade School of Fine Art at University College London from 2000 to 2012.
Early life
Aiken was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland, in 1950. They received their art training at the Chelsea School of Art (1968–1973) and was a Rome Scholar in Sculpture at the British School in Rome.
Career
They taught at the Art and Design Centre of the University of Ulster and was the Slade Professor of Fine Arts and director of the Slade School of Fine Art at University College London from 2000 to 2012. Since 2012 they have been professor of fine arts and director of the Academy of Visual Arts, Hong Kong Baptist University.
References
External links
http://johnaiken.com/about/
Irish sculptors
Hong Kong Baptist University faculty
Academics of Ulster University
Academics of University College London
Academics of the Slade School of Fine Art
Artists from Belfast
Alumni of Chelsea College of Arts
Living people
1950 births
The Sterling Mountain Fire Observation Tower and Observer's Cabin is a historic fire observation station located on Sterling Mountain in Sterling Forest State Park at Greenwood Lake in Orange County, New York. Located at an elevation of , the station includes a , steel-frame lookout tower erected in 1922 and an observer's cabin built about 1934. The tower is a prefabricated structure built by the Aermotor Corporation and provided a front line of defense in preserving the Ramapo Mountains from the hazards of forest fires. The observer's cabin is of light frame construction, sheathed with board and batten siding stained brown.
In 1968 an access road was constructed to facilitate repairs, with both the tower and cabin being upgraded that same year. The station became a volunteer-run reserve lookout in 1989 when New York State ended its fire observation program.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Orange County, New York
References
Government buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Towers completed in 1922
Houses completed in 1934
Buildings and structures in Orange County, New York
Fire lookout towers on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Palisades Interstate Park system
Ramapos
National Register of Historic Places in Orange County, New York
1922 establishments in New York (state)
Jovan "Kule" Aćimović (; born 21 June 1948) is a former Serbian football player.
Their son Đorđe was also a footballer who played for Red Star Belgrade and FK Mačva Šabac.
International career
On the national level they played for Yugoslavia national team (55 matches/three goals), and was a participant at the 1974 FIFA World Cup, and at UEFA Euro 1968 and UEFA Euro 1976.
Aćimović on their team's role at the UEFA Euro 1976:
References
External links
Career story at Reprezentacija.rs
1948 births
Living people
Footballers from Belgrade
Yugoslav footballers
Serbian footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
1974 FIFA World Cup players
Bundesliga players
1. FC Saarbrücken players
Expatriate footballers in West Germany
Association football midfielders
OFK Beograd players
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Yugoslavia international footballers
Yugoslav First League players
Red Star Belgrade footballers
Red Star Belgrade non-playing staff
UEFA Euro 1968 players
UEFA Euro 1976 players
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in West Germany
FK Sinđelić Beograd players
Daisy B. Ba-ad is a playwright, stage director, composer, motivational speaker and life coach based in Cebu City, Philippines.  They are a Masscom graduate of St. Theresa's College, Cebu City given a special award for Outstanding Performance in Theater Arts.  They are known to be at the forefront of keeping Cebuano Theater alive. Trained under professional directors Laurice Guillen, Gina Alajar, Leo Martinez and New York acting coach Eric Morris, they are currently artistic and training director of Out of the Box Training and Productions. They also designed and mentored the Photographic/Commercial Modeling program of Fashion TV Model School based in the city.
Them most popular original Cebuano musical entitled Tall Tales Kuno!, grant awardee of the National Commission for Culture and the Arts (Philippines) under their program for Artistic Excellence, has been staged by various organizations in Cebu. Them most recent directorial work is an original musical in English written by Jude Gitamondoc entitled Siddhartha: A Musical Journey to Enlightenment produced by Buddha's Light International Association - Cebu Chapter. Its successful run at the Waterfront Pacific Ballroom, on June 6, 2007, and at the main theater of the Cultural Center of the Philippines, on November 3 and 4, 2007, has paved the way for the production to be brought to Taiwan touring the cities of Taipei and Kaoshiung. Plans are underway for the Siddhartha musical to be toured in Europe, the US, Australia and Beijing China.
Them the latest directorial job was Zephryin Namuncura: The Musical, written by Jude Gitamondoc, for Don Bosco Cebu in celebration of the beatification of Ceferino Namuncura. Ba-ad is also known to have successfully used theater games in training programs they have designed for corporate groups. Them clients include Aboitiz Group of Companies, Arts Council of Cebu, Ayala Land, ABS-CBN Television Cebu, Cebu Holdings Inc., and Jollibee Foods Corp.
Background
Daisy Ba-ad was born in Cebu City, Philippines on March 31, 1961, and is the second to the youngest in a family of nine. I parents Melda and Domingo Ba-ad already saw the potential in them as a child. They were dubbed as the entertainer of the family at the age of four because of their ability to dance and sing upon request.
Them first exposure to theater began in kindergarten where they played support and lead roles. Them high school days were focused on developing their skills in oration, declamation, acting, singing and song composition. They were awarded a Department Medal upon graduation.
As a first-year student in college taking up Mass Communications, they were voted to direct the first-year student's entry to the school's Drama Festival with Wilfrido Ma. Guerrero's Wanted: Chaperon. They won five out of six awards including the best director and best production - a first in the school's history that the first-year student year would win over higher years and winning most of the awards at the same time.
Daisy became more active in college as they moved on to writing poetry and short skits for class or for official school activities and directed them. They became known as the Barbra Streisand of the school with their lip synchronization acts of Streisand's Minute Waltz, I'm Five, Jingle Bells and the like.
They also won declamation and songwriting competitions during their college days. In fact, for two successive years, they brought home the grand prize for the English and Tagalog categories of the Declamation Contest included in Inter-School Annual Literary-Musical Festival in the city. They were later given a scholarship to the Philippine Educational Theater Association's (PETA) Integrated Arts Workshop in Manila. They were also offered to be the moderator of the high school drama club while in their sophomore year in college. This event gave them the opportunity to start designing training modules and writing full length plays.
They were the chair of STC Bantawan theater group all throughout college and popularized the "dula-tula" form of Philippine theater in Cebu City.
Noted directorial works
SIDDHARTHA, A Musical Journey to Enlightenment
ZEPHRYIN, The Musical
AYALA CEBU HOLDINGS INC., Kick Off Corporate Rally
THE GODSPELL TAKES, Musical Culminating Activity
THE WIZ REVUE, Musical Culminating Activity
DREAMS, Broadway Excerpts
KADAUGAN SA MACTAN: The Reenactment, A Festival Presentation
EVERAFTER, Culminating Activity
THE WORLD IS A STAGE, Culminating Activity
CIRQUE DU CEBU, Cebu X Awards Night
THE FIRST MANTAWI FESTIVAL
THE VAGINA MONOLOGUES with Monique Wilson (2002 & 2004)
GOD IN MOTION, A Musical Celebrating the 50TH Year of the Salesian Community
MAN OF LA MANCHA - Entry to the Festival of the Arts of the Arts Council of Cebu
FESTIVAL OF THE ARTS LAUNCHING, Arts Council of Cebu Foundation Inc.
SAN CARLOS: THE MUSICALE
TALL TALES!, A Daisy Ba-ad Original Musical
COMING HOME, A Musical Play
SHAKESPEAREAN RHAPSODY, Center for Intl. Education
PANAW SA KAGAHAPON, LIVE DIORAMA, Cebu Holdings Inc. & Ayala Center Cebu
THE KING & I, Toastmasters Cebu
BINHI SA STO. NINO, DANCE DRAMA, Cebu Holdings Inc. & Ayala Center Cebu
FIDDLER ON THE ROOF, Toastmasters Cebu
LES MISERABLES Concert
LEON KILAT, A Musical Cebuano Play
SA MALIPAT LANG, a Cebuano adaptation of The Fantasticks
References
External links
Loving Abundance
SIDDHARTHA, Musical Journey to Enlightenment
Out of the Box Training
Living people
1961 births
People from Cebu City
Life coaches
Artists from Cebu
Musicians from Cebu
The 2005–06 Divizia B was the 66th season of the second tier of the Romanian football league system.
The format has been maintained to three series, each of them consisting of 16 teams. At the end of the season, the winners of the series promoted to Divizia A and the last six places from all the series relegated to Divizia C. A promotion play-off was played between the runners-up of the Divizia B series to decide the fourth promoted team. A special ranking was made between the 10th place teams of every series and the team with the worst ranking in this standing was relegated, as well. These changes in promotion and relegation rules were made because starting with the next season, Romanian football league system was reformed.
Team changes
To Divizia B
Promoted from Divizia C
Cetatea Suceava
Portul Constanța
Dunărea Giurgiu
Poiana Câmpina
Râmnicu Vâlcea
CFR Timișoara
Minerul Lupeni
Forex Brașov
Gloria II Bistrița
FCM Reșița**
Relegated from Divizia A
Apulum Alba Iulia
FC Brașov
FC U Craiova
From Divizia B
Relegated to Divizia C
Tricotaje Ineu**
Internațional Pitești**
Deva**
Ghimbav
Building Vânju Mare
Oașul Negrești
Unirea Focșani
Oltul Slatina
ACU Arad
Politehnica Timișoara
Rulmentul Alexandria
Corvinul Hunedoara
Promoted to Divizia A
FC Vaslui
Pandurii Târgu Jiu
Jiul Petroșani
Note (**)
Tricotaje Ineu sold its Divizia B place to FCM Reșița.
Internațional Pitești sold its Divizia B place to Astra Ploiești, club which split from Petrolul Ploiești, after only one season since their merge.
CS Deva sold its Divizia B place to Corvinul 2005 Hunedoara, an unofficial successor of Corvinul Hunedoara, club which was dissolved at the end of the previous season.
Renamed teams
Altay Constanța was moved from Constanța to Medgidia and renamed as Altay Medgidia.
FC Oradea was renamed as Bihor Oradea.
CSM Reșița split from the merge with FC U Craiova, which second team was in the last season of the third tier and was renamed as FCM Reșița.
League tables
Seria I
Seria II
Seria III
Promotion play-off
In the following season, the Liga I was expanded from 16 teams to 18 teams, therefore the Romanian Football Federation decided that a promotion playoff group would be played at the end of the season, between the second placed teams from each series of the Liga II, in order to establish the fourth promoted team (in exchange to the two teams relegated from the Liga I). The winner of this group, Unirea Urziceni, promoted to the Liga I, along with the three winners of the series.
Possible relegation
At the end of the season, a special table was made between 10th places from the 3 series. The last team in this table was also relegated in the Liga III. In this table, 10th place teams are included without the points obtained against teams that relegated in their series.
Top scorers
18 goals
Tiberiu Șerban (Ceahlăul Piatra Neamț)
14 goals
Dorel Zaharia (Unirea Urziceni)
8 goals
Dumitru Gheorghe (Unirea Urziceni)
Lucian Itu (Minerul Lupeni)
János Székely (Universitatea Cluj)
7 goals
Claudiu Boaru (Gaz Metan Mediaș)
5 goals
Claudiu Ionescu (Dacia Mioveni)
Radu Neguț (FC Sibiu)
4 goals
Mircea Bornescu (FC U Craiova)
Laurențiu Buș (Universitatea Cluj)
Daniel Stan (Bihor Oradea)
See also
2005–06 Divizia A
References
Liga II seasons
Rom
2005–06 in Romanian football
The B Engineering Edonis is a sports car developed in the year 2000 and manufactured by Italian automobile manufacturer B Engineering with overall engineering by Nicola Materazzi (ex Lancia, Ferrari & Bugatti) and styling by Marc Deschamps (ex Gruppo Bertone).
Not many details of the intermediate design stages by Materazzi and Deschamps are documented but some of the sketches are documented in the promotional videos by B.Engineering.
Until 2012 the 1:1 scale buck model (with some damage) of the Edonis was for some time stored at Heuliez and then listed for auction. It shows how the body shape was made before body panels were formed for the prototypes.
The Edonis is based on the Bugatti EB110 Super Sport, sharing its carbon-fibre chassis, but having a redesigned interior and exterior. The engine also originates from the EB110 and is enlarged from 3.5 to 3.76 litres in displacement.
Two prototypes were originally produced, one painted in metallic gold colour which was presented in Modena and at other shows, and one in "Rosso Pompeiano".
Although the design is not new, the model is still in production in very low volume for customers who contact B.Engineering directly and order a car to their individual taste.
Background
After Bugatti Automobili S.p.A. went bankrupt in 1995, a handful of ex-employees of the company formed a new company called B Engineering under the financing of Jean-Marc Borel, former Bugatti vice-Chairman and author of several Lamborghini books.
Key employees included Federico Trombi (formerly responsible for homologation) and Gianni Sighinolfi (formerly head of development workshops).
The meaning of the letter "B" is not particularly well documented: it can be a moniker for both Bugatti and Borel. The company workshops remained in the same building (Via Resistenza 12, Campogalliano) that had originally been used for development in 1988-89 while the main Bugatti factory was being designed and constructed by Benedini & Partners.
During the auctioning of Bugatti assets, B.Engineering purchased and thus retained in Campogalliano some of the left over stock of parts used in the production of the EB110 sports car including engines and 17 unfinished monocoques as a portion was already retained by Dauer Sportwagen GmBH and other companies such as Monaco Racing Team (of Gildo Pastor Pallanca).
Aside from manufacturing the Edonis, B Engineering also services the original EB110 sports cars and prepares other classic cars of historic relevance.
Development History
The new company started to develop a new sports car under its name using the chassis of the EB110 as a base. Nicola Materazzi gave guidelines to designer Deschamps to dress the car in a body with aerodynamic efficiency in mind in order to achieve a target top speed of 100 m/s, or 360 km/h.
Thanks to good relationships between Materazzi and Scaglietti (from the days of Ferrari), the latter recommended local artisans who could make the bodywork for the first two prototypes the bodywork in aluminium, a technique that Modenese artisans have practiced for decades and which is useful for low volume production to reduce early tooling costs.
The interior was also new compared to that of the EB110 with an updated dashboard and seats, upholstered in leather.
Coming from a strong background in racing, during the development of the EB110, Materazzi was never convinced of the effectiveness of the four turbochargers and the four-wheel drive system, often stating that it was a way to "render difficult what is easy by adopting the un-necessary".
In their interviews Materazzi discusses that the body of the car was completed very quickly in 47 days, just in time for the presentation on New Year's Day of 2001.
However the EB110's technical specification had already been established by 1990 and was not going to change in the mind of the President of Bugatti Automobili. For the Edonis the displacement of the engine was increased marginally from 3.5 to 3.76-litres and finally Materazzi was able to replace the four small IHI turbochargers with two larger IHI units: a reduction in marketing image but an increase in efficiency due to fluid mechanics laws that intrinsically link compressor and turbine wheel inertia and flow efficiency (a compromise between the two).
The modified engine generates a power output of at 8,000 rpm and of torque at 3,200 rpm. The four-wheel-drive system used in the original EB110 was replaced in favour of a rear-wheel-drive system reducing the weight by . The EB110 gearbox which is integrated with the engine was retained.
Design
The Edonis deviates from the angular design language of its donor car and instead has a curvaceous themed design. The fender-mounted headlights have ducts above them. An asymmetrical cooling duct between the headlights aids further in cooling of the brakes. The car has a wide rear end having large openings to cool the engine and has integrated tail lights in the two side-mounted rear grilles. A small fixed rear wing helps generate downforce.
Production
B Engineering planned to build 21 cars from the leftover EB110 chassis, originally built by Aérospatiale, with an expected price of around €760,000.
On January 24, 2018, it was announced that the Edonis project had been taken over by Las Vegas-based automotive company Casil motors, previously known as PSC Motors. The project will be completed in collaboration with B Engineering, with the promise of 15 examples being produced and sold to the public using original Bugatti EB110 chassis. The car, now renamed the Edonis SP-110 will use most of the upgrades that the original Edonis received in 2001, with the exception of a newly designed body kit offered by Casil Motors called the "Rinascita Aero Package".
Performance
The Edonis has a power-to-weight ratio of 480 hp/ton and an engine specific power output of 181 hp/litre. The car has a claimed top speed of and can accelerate to 100 km/h from a standstill in 3.9 seconds.
In the summer of 2002 French magazine Sport-Auto organised a comparison amongst supercars at the Nardo' circuit in Puglia, southern Italy. The winner was the 715 horsepower Edonis, fitted with Michelin Pax System tyres, which clocked up a record speed for the circuit of 359.6 km/hr. The Pax tyre sizes were (front): 245-650 ZR 480 A and (rear): 355-670 ZR 500 A.
References
External links
B Engineering Edonis
2001 B Engineering Edonis specifications, carbon dioxide emissions, fuel economy, performance, photos 84810
Cars of Italy
Rear mid-engine, rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Sports cars
Cars introduced in 2001
it:B.Engineering#La Edonis
Archer Fausto (born 13 October 1962) is a Mozambican boxer. They competed in the men's flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Mozambican male boxers
Olympic boxers of Mozambique
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Flyweight boxers
The judo competition at the 2007 All-Africa Games were held in Algiers, Algeria on 14 July 2007.
Medal overview
Men
Women
Medal table
Results overview
Men
60 kg
66 kg
73 kg
81 kg
90 kg
100 kg
+100 kg
Open class
Women
48 kg
52 kg
57 kg
63 kg
70 kg
78 kg
+78 kg
Open class
External links
A
2007 All-Africa Games
2007
African Games
Dorig (formerly called Wetamut) is an Oceanic language spoken on Gaua island in Vanuatu.
The language's 300 speakers live mostly in the village of Dorig (), on the south coast of Gaua. Smaller speaker communities can be found in the villages of Qteon (east coast) and Qtevut (west coast).
Dorig's immediate neighbours are Koro and Mwerlap.
Name
The name Dorig, spelled Dōrig, is derived from the name of the village where it is spoken. The term is related to Dōlav (the Dorig name of a village that is called in Lakon as Jōlap ), with the -rig and -lav parts meaning "small" and "big" respectively. The element dō is obscure; hence the only term that can be reconstructed for Proto-Torres-Banks is -riɣi.
Phonology
Dorig has 8 phonemic vowels. These include 7 short monophthongs and one long vowel .
The phonotactic template for a syllable in Dorig is: — e.g. ‘woman'; ‘poor'; ‘octopus'. Remarkably, the consonant clusters of these syllables are not constrained by the Sonority Sequencing Principle.
Grammar
The system of personal pronouns in Dorig contrasts clusivity, and distinguishes four numbers (singular, dual, trial, plural).
Spatial reference is based on a system of geocentric (absolute) directionals, which is typical of Oceanic languages.
References
Bibliography
.
External links
Linguistic map of north Vanuatu, showing range of Dorig on Gaua.
Audio recordings in Dorig language, in open access, by A. François (source: Pangloss Collection).
A story in Dorig, with audio recording and translation.
Languages of Vanuatu
Banks–Torres languages
Torba Province
Johann Philipp von Gebsattel (13 May 1555 – 26 June 1609) was the Prince-Bishop of Bamberg from 1599 to 1609.
Biography
Johann Philipp von Gebsattel was born on 13 May 1555. They were elected Prince-Bishop of Bamberg on 4 February 1599, with Pope Clement VIII confirming their appointment on 19 July 1599. They were never consecrated as a bishop and remained a deacon at the time of their death. They died on 26 June 1609, aged 54, and is buried in Michaelsberg Abbey, Bamberg. The abbey was dissolved in 1803.
See also
References
1555 births
1609 deaths
Prince-Bishops of Bamberg
The Elmer Iseler Singers is a professional chamber choir based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The twenty-voice choir, conducted by Artistic Director Lydia Adams, founded by Dr. Elmer Iseler in 1979, is one of Canada's leading choral ensembles. The choir has built an international reputation through its concerts, broadcasts and more than fifty recordings. The Elmer Iseler Singers' repertoire spans five hundred years of choral music. The choir regularly commissions and performs new works, and appears at national and international festivals.
The Singers are highly valued for their contributions to master classes and educational leadership workshops for schools and community choirs. From 1997 to 2007 the EIS was the professional Choir-In-Residence through the Elmer Iseler Chair, at the University of Toronto's Faculty of Music. They often collaborate with Soundstreams Canada, the Canadian Brass, Nexus, Ontario Music Festivals and the Toronto Symphony, as well as various local, national and international organizations.
Discography
Corona Divinae Misericordiae, by David Braid - K52 Music (2018 - Juno-nominated)
Piano concerto ; Oboe concerto ; Serenade to music ; Flos campi, Vaughan Williams - Chandos (2018)
Dark Star Requiem, by Peter Staniland - Centrediscs (2016)
Lamentations of Jeremiah, by Peter Togni - ECM (2009)
The Tokaido, The Choral Music of Harry Freedman - Centrediscs (2006)
People of Faith, Canadian Brass feat. Elmer Iseler Singers - Opening Day (2005)
Sing all ye joyful, Music of Ruth Watson Henderson - CBC (2004)
Puer natus in Bethlehem, alleluia! Christmas carols by Canadian composers - CBC (2003)
Credo - Decca (2002)
Joyous Light, with Isabel Bayrakdarian - CBC (2002)
The Glorious Sounds of Somers, the choral music of Harry Somers - Centrediscs (2001)
Elmer Iseler conducts Canadian Music - Centrediscs (1999)
The Maple Leaf Forever A Canadian Panorama - Opening Day (1998)
Noël : early Canadian Christmas Music, with Michael Schade, Norine Burgess, Mireille Lagacé - Marquis Classics (1998)
Sacred & Profane Somers : choral works of Harry Somers - Centrediscs (1995)
Ragtime! with the Canadian Brass - RCA (1995)
The Glory of Palestrina: 1594-1994 - CBC (1994)
Gloria : sacred choral works - CBC (1993)
Glick, Holman, Somers, Coulthard - CBC (1992)
The Christmas Album, with the Canadian Brass - Decca (1990)
Spirituals - Marquis (1986)
Welcome Yule! - CBC (1986)
Bach-300-Handel : a celebration of genius - CBC (1985)
Jesu, joy of man's desiring and other great Bach choruses - CBC (1985)
Première - Centrediscs, 2-disc set (1984)
Serenade in Harmony, with The Netherlands Chamber Choir - Waterloo (1984)
Musical Toronto: a concert party, by John Beckwith - Marquis (1984)
Chalumeau, by Harry Freedman - Centrediscs (1983)
Music at Sharon: A Celebration of 150 Years, 1831-1981 - Melbourne (1982)
Spectra: the Elmer Iseler Singers - Centrediscs (1981)
References
External links
Elmer Iseler Singers
Canadian choirs
Chamber choirs
Musical groups established in 1979
Musical groups from Toronto
1979 establishments in Ontario
Rynner Van Heste (July 26, 1853 – August 8, 1931) was an American road cyclist.
In their career they won one of the oldest cycling races in Europe in 1870, Firenze–Pistoia.
References
1853 births
1931 deaths
American male cyclists
The Brentano Quartet is an American string quartet.
History
Founded in 1992 at the Juilliard School, the quartet's founding members were violinists Mark Steinberg and Serena Canin, violist Misha Amory, and cellist Michael Kannen. At the suggestion of Canin's husband, a pianist, the quartet took its name from Antonie Brentano, who has been proposed as Beethoven's "Immortal Beloved".
The quartet made its public New York City concert debut in February 1994. In 1995, the quartet received the Naumburg Award and the Martin Segal Prize. Kannen left the quartet in May 1998, following their wife's injury in an automobile accident, to care for their young child. Nina Lee then joined the quartet as the ensemble's cellist. The quartet has since worked together with Kannen as guest cellist, such as in concerts in March 2008 at the Pennsylvania State University and in September 2014 at Amherst College. Kannen has also returned as a substitute cellist with the quartet when Lee was pregnant.
In 1999, the quartet became the first ensemble-in-residence at Princeton University, having first performed as guest artists at Princeton in 1993. The quartet appeared for the first time at the Van Cliburn International Piano Competition in 2013 in Fort Worth, Texas, where they performed piano quintets with each of the competition's 12 semifinalists. The quartet held their Princeton residency until 2014. In November 2013, the Brentano Quartet was announced as the new faculty quartet-in-residence at the Yale School of Music, in succession to the Tokyo String Quartet, effective in July 2014.
The Brentano Quartet has commissioned new compositions from such composers as Gabriela Lena Frank, and also have commissioned new works under the umbrellas of 'Art of the Fugue Project' and 'Fragments Project'. The quartet has made commercial recordings for such labels as Naxos. In other media, the quartet was featured on the soundtrack of the 2012 film A Late Quartet. Lee made a cameo appearance in the film as a fictionalised version of herself, as the cellist of a fictitious piano trio led by Wallace Shawn.
References
External links
Musical groups established in 1992
Musical groups from New Jersey
American string quartets
Erato Records artists
Daijiworld Media is an Indian company, headquartered in Mangalore, that provides news services, including the web portal, www.daijiworld.com . It was founded by Walter Nandalike, as www.daijidubai.com on 14 January 2001, primarily with the objective of relaying news from the Coastal Konkan region of India. It was later renamed as www.daijiworld.com, and established as a media company in 2007.
, Daijiworld's website had daily viewership of around 500,000 unique visitors from around 180 countries. The portal contains a variety of columns ranging from daily news, events, special columns, cookery, and other information covering Mangalore, Coastal Karnataka, Goa, Mumbai, and Middle-Eastern countries, apart from national news from authorized agencies. Daijiworld runs Daijiworld 24x7 TV channel, which was launched on 9 May as test transmission, telecast from 16 June 2014 across coastal Karnataka through cable network and set-top boxes. The TV channel is also available on Internet and also in Android and IOS app formats.
On the occasion of celebrating 20 years of Daijiworld.com, LOCALWOOD OTT platform has been launched jointly by Daijiworld and ATC Online. Streaming local-language content like Tulu, Konkani, Beary, Kannada movies and entertainment videos is the aim of this OTT platform.
History
Daijiworld Media was a result of an April Fools' Day prank by Walter Nandalike, the now Editor-in-chief of the portal. They had migrated to the Gulf for employment, with no knowledge of computers. Having learnt about computers, they sent their first E-mail to their friends on April 1, 2000, mentioning that they were hosting a site on the Internet. This was just meant to be a joke but their friends took them seriously and started enquiring about the site. Surprised by their curiosity, Walter started thinking seriously about the project. They learnt computers thoroughly, and eight months later, on 14 January 2001, launched www.daijidubai.com, primarily with the objective of hosting information and news pertaining to Konkani language and society. The portal is now known as www.daijiworld.com Daiji in Konkani means "relation", and the portal was started by Walter and a group of writers of the Daiji Dubai Writers Forum with a view to promote and spread awareness of culture and tradition.
In March 2007, it established itself as a media company under the banner of "Daijiworld Media Pvt Ltd". In order to cater to the increasing demand for news from India by the NRIs, an exclusive office was opened in Kankanady, Mangalore with 40 correspondents spread across the twin districts of Dakshina Kannada and Udupi. On 18 July 2008, Daijiworld took a step further and inaugurated its Udupi office. In May 2009, Daijiworld launched an English weekly tabloid named Daijiworld Weekly, promoted under the banner of a new company, "Daijiworld Publications Pvt Ltd".
In May 2014, Daijiworld moved to its own corporate office at Bondel, Mangalore. Daijiworld Television was also launched at the same time. On 10 September 2015, Daijiworld launched its fourth venture, Daijiworld Audio-Visual Studio. In May 2016, Daijiworld Udupi franchise moved to new premises, in addition to setting up its own television studio.
References
External links
Mass media companies of India
Online companies of India
Mass media in Mangalore
Internet properties established in 2001
Peter Maris is a film director, producer and editor and has over 30 films to their credit. They have also connected with SAGIndie and the Fresno Film Commission.
Background
Maris was born in Greece and has lived in California for many years. At present they live in Fresno.
Film work
Among their early work was the cult film Delirium in 1979 that starred Turk Cekovsky and Barron Winchester. In 1988 they directed Terror Squad.
Filmography
Director
Zombie Hunters - 2007
The Survivor - 2006
Finish Line: A Cruise Down Memory Lane - 2005
Warpath - 2000
Alien Species - 1996
The Killer Inside - 1996
Phantasmagoria - 1995 (video game)
Can It Be Love - 1992
Diplomatic Immunity - 1991
Hangfire - 1991
Ministry of Vengeance - 1989
Viper - 1988
Terror Squad - 1988
Land of Doom - 1986
Curse of the Red Butterfly - 1982
Delirium - 1979
References
External links
marisentertainment.com/ Maris Entertainment website
Peter Maris MGM Channel
Living people
American film directors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Joseph Valasek (27 April 1897-4 October 1993) was an American physicist and professor emeritus of physics at the University of Minnesota. They specialized in geometrical and physical optics, experimental optics and spectroscopy, and x-rays.  They are credited with the discovery of ferroelectricity, which they identified using Rochelle salts.
Early life and education
Valasek was born on 27 April 1897 in Cleveland, Ohio, to parents who had immigrated from Czechoslovakia. Their father worked as a journalist, office clerk, and assistant to a manager in a brewery. Their maternal grandfather, Josef Pylik, was a physics teacher in Czechoslovakia.
Valasek received their BS in 1917 in physics at the Case School of Applied Science (now Case Western Reserve University). After graduating, they worked for two years at the National Bureau of Standards (now the National Institute of Standards and Technology) in Washington, D.C., where they conducted research on the annealing of optical glass. In 1920 they received their MA and in 1921 they received their PhD in physics from the University of Minnesota.
They joined the University of Minnesota staff while in graduate school, becoming a teaching assistant in 1919. After concluding graduate work at the University of Minnesota, Valasek subsequently worked at the university as a National Research Council fellow for one year.
Career
Valasek discovered ferroelectricity in 1920 as a graduate student. At the point, they were working under the supervision of professor William Swann to develop a seismograph. They had observed that when placed in an electric field, the polarization of Rochelle salts increased as they turned up the field. However, when the field subsequently decreased, the polarization was always higher than before while following the same kind of curve, demonstrating hysteresis. While Valasek was unable to attend as a graduate student, professor Swann presented these findings at the April 1920 meeting of the American Physical Society at the Bureau of Standards building in Washington, D.C., in a paper entitled “Piezoelectric and allied phenomena in Rochelle salt.” Valasek formally submitted this paper in December 1920 and it was published in April 1921 in the Physical Review.
In 1920 Valasek was promoted to instructor, and in 1922, they were appointed as an assistant professor at the University of Minnesota. They continued to work at the University for the rest of their career, and was appointed to associate professor in 1927 and to full professor in 1941. For the 1928-1929 academic year, Valasek worked at the laboratory of Karl Manne Georg Siegbahn in Uppsala, Sweden. There, Valasek began investigating chemical effects in x-ray spectra and their connection with electronic energy bands in solids.
As a professor, Valasek taught courses in both theoretical and experimental optics. They retired from the University of Minnesota in 1965. In 1983 the University of Minnesota awarded Valasek an honorary Doctor of Science degree for outstanding lifetime achievements through its Institute of Technology (now the College of Science and Engineering).
They were elected in 1921 a Fellow of the American Physical Society.
Personal life
Valasek's brother-in-law was Elmer Hutchisson, who was married to their sister Rose. Hutchisson served as the second director of the American Institute of Physics from 1957 to 1964.
Publications and other work
"Piezo-Electric and Allied Phenomena in Rochelle Salt," thesis submitted in 1920
Elements of Optics (McGraw-Hill, 1928)
Introduction to Theoretical and Experimental Optics (Wiley, 1949)
References
External links
Oral history interview transcript with Joseph Valasek on 8 May 1969, American Institute of Physics, Niels Bohr Library & Archives - interview conducted by Roger H. Stuewer at the University of Minnesota
The Joseph Valasek Papers at the University of Minnesota Libraries
20th-century American physicists
University of Minnesota faculty
Fellows of the American Physical Society
1897 births
1993 deaths
Austria–Chile relations refers to the diplomatic relations between the Republic of Austria and the Republic of Chile. Both nations are members of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and the United Nations.
History
The first contact between Austria and Chile dates back to the first half of the 19th century. In 1846, both nations exchanged letters of recognition which made Chile the first Latin American nation to be recognized by the Habsburg monarchy.
In 1856 the first wave of Austrians immigrated to Chile. Many of the Austrians were from the Zillertal valley in Austria and they primarily settled around Lake Llanquihue in southern Chile. The Chilean town of Nueva Braunau was founded by Austrian immigrants. In the period between the two World Wars it is estimated that between 4,000 and 5,000 Austrians settled in Chile during the 20th century.
In 1870 a Treaty of Friendship, Commerce and Navigation between the Austro-Hungarian Empire and Chile was signed. A diplomatic legation of the Austro-Hungarian Empire was opened in 1903 in Santiago. That same year, Chile opened a diplomatic legation in Vienna. In 1918 after World War I, the Austro-Hungarian Empire dissolved and Austria became an independent nation. In 1938, Chile became a destination for Austrian Jews fearing changes affecting the Austrian Jewish community after the Anschluss by Nazi Germany.
After World War II, Austria and Chile agreed to exchange Plenipotentiary Ministers: the first Austrian diplomatic representative arrived in Santiago in 1948. Four years later the diplomatic representations rose to the rank of embassies.
In September 1973, Chile experienced a coup d'état. As a result, approximately 1,500 Chileans fled to Austria. During the Presidency of Augusto Pinochet, both nations maintained diplomatic relations. In 2002, Chile signed a free trade agreement with the European Union (which includes Austria).
In May 2006, Chilean President Michelle Bachelet became the first Chilean head-of-state to pay a visit to Austria. While in Austria, President Bachelet met with members of the Chilean-Austrian community in Vienna. In May 2008, Austrian Chancellor Alfred Gusenbauer paid an official visit to Chile, becoming the first Austrian head-of-government to visit Chile. In December 2015, President Bachelet paid a second visit to Austria.
In October 2018, delegations from both nations held a third Meeting of Political Consultations in Santiago. During the meeting, the delegates exchanged points of view on the bilateral, regional and global relationship, such as the modernization of the Chile-European Union Association Agreement and the Austrian Presidency of the European Union, which that nation held during the second half of 2018.
Bilateral agreements
Both nations have signed several bilateral agreements such as an Treaty of Friendship, Commerce and Navigation (1870); Agreement on the lifting of visa requirements for ordinary passport holders (1954); Agreement in Tourism Cooperation (1954); Agreement in the granting of authorizations to radio amateurs from both countries to operate amateur radio stations (1986); Agreement of cooperation in combating illegal drug trafficking, psychotropic substances and organized crime (1996); Agreement on Social Security (1997); Agreement on the promotion and mutual protection of investments (1997); Agreement on the avoidance of double taxation and the prevention of tax evasion in the area of taxes on income and wealth (2012); Agreement for a Working Holiday Program (2017); and an Air Transport Agreement (2022).
Resident diplomatic missions
Austria has an embassy in Santiago.
Chile has an embassy in Vienna.
See also
Immigration to Chile
References
Chile
Bilateral relations of Chile
George "Big Georgie" DeCicco (March 20, 1929 - October 3, 2014) was a New York mobster and longtime captain in the Gambino crime family. DeCicco is one of the last captains of the old John Gotti administration in the 1980s who have not been under any indictment until now. DeCicco is the brother of former Gambino underboss Frank DeCicco, who was killed in a car-bomb meant for their boss John Gotti, ordered by then boss of the Genovese crime family who is now deceased, Vincent "Chin" Gigante, and Lucchese crime family leaders Vittorio "Vic" Amuso and Anthony "Gaspipe" Casso as revenge for the murder of former Gambino crime family boss, Paul Castellano, a strong ally of both the Genovese and Lucchese crime families.
Gotti's crew
During the 1980s, DeCicco worked as a sidewalk soldier in the old crew of John Gotti, then run by Angelo "Quack Quack" Ruggiero, but because Ruggiero suffered from cancer in 1989, Gotti's brother Gene took over the crew, only to discover that they would be convicted of drug trafficking and narcotics charges and sentenced to 50 years in prison. Working with Gambino mobsters John Carneglia, Salvatore "Fat Sally" Scala, Arnold "Zeke" Squitieri and Anthony "Red" Scarpaci for many years, DeCicco was at that time promoted to the rank of caporegime in the family.
Gambino capo
Toward the 1990s, John Gotti was eventually caught up to by US law enforcement, as their underboss Salvatore "Sammy the Bull" Gravano decided to turn state's evidence due to internal rivalry with Gotti at the time, and was put on the stand to testify against Gotti, consigliere Frank "Frankie Loc" LoCascio and dozens of other Gambino mobsters during the early 1990s. In 1992, Gotti and LoCascio were sentenced to life imprisonment for murder, conspiracy, extortion, loansharking, money laundering, tax evasion and illegal gambling charges. But as many went down due to the testimony provided by Gravano, others went under the radar, especially former rivals of Gotti like Nicholas "Little Nick" Corozzo and Leonard "Lenny" DiMaria, who were at some point promoted to run the Gambino crime family unofficially with Pete Gotti. DeCicco, a true Gotti loyalist, also went under the radar of the US law enforcement, as they continued to operate out of the Staten Island and Brooklyn factions of the family, with labor racketeering, extortion, money laundering, loansharking, illegal gambling and fraud activities.
Indictments and trial
On January 30, 2007, more than ten mobsters from two of the Five Families were arrested and indicted on federal Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act charges, including DeCicco, one of the last untouched capos from the old John Gotti regime in the 1980s. DeCicco was charged with operating a multimillion-dollar-a-year loansharking operation in New York City, as well as extortion, illegal gambling, racketeering and money laundering operations. As it turns out, an associate of DeCicco had turned state's evidence, as a soldier in the DeCicco crew named Joseph Orlando had threatened to kill them over a loansharking debt. Because they thought they would be killed, the associate turned to the federal authorities for help, and provided the loansharking operation to the federal prosecutors. At the same time, much of their illegal business was recorded by hidden wires on the newly made turncoat. Toward December 2007, George DeCicco's lawyer said they would seek house arrest for their client because DeCicco reputedly has heart problems and wears a nitroglycerin patch. On December 19, 2007 DeCicco pleaded guilty to racketeering charges and faced 27 to 33 months in prison. They served their time at the Devens Federal Medical Center in Massachusetts. They were released on December 1, 2009.
Attempted murder of their son
On June 6, 2007, DeCicco's son Robert DeCicco, whom federal authorities identified as a 56-year-old mob associate, was shot four times, once in the torso, once in the head and twice in the arm, as they exited a pharmacy in Bath Beach. According to the Post, the bungled assassination came just a day after another Gambino crime family mobster busted with DeCicco and their dad and in January they were moved into protective custody because of threats against their life. The younger DeCicco, who was indicted in January along with their father, had just gotten into their 1998 gray Cadillac Seville after shopping only moments before the assassination-attempt. DeCicco managed to drag themselves out of the car and stagger into a pharmacy to call for help, witnesses said.
External links
MOB HIT & MISS IN BROOKLYN RUBOUT ON GOTTI BUDDY IS BOTHED
Reference list
1929 births
American gangsters of Italian descent
Gambino crime family
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
William Ponsonby, 2nd Earl of Bessborough (1704 – 11 March 1793) was a British politician and public servant. They were an Irish and English peer and member of the House of Lords (styled Hon. William Ponsonby from 1723 to 1739 and Viscount Duncannon from 1739 to 1758). They served in both the Irish and the British House of Commons, before entering the House of Lords, and held office as a Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty, Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, and as Postmaster General of the United Kingdom. They were also a Privy Counsellor, Chief Secretary for Ireland and Earl of Bessborough.
Education
Ponsonby was educated at Trinity College, Dublin.
Political life
In 1725 Ponsonby was returned to the Irish House of Commons for Newtownards and in 1727 for County Kilkenny, holding the seat until 1758, when their father died and they took their father's titles. From 1741 to 1745, they served as Chief Secretary for Ireland under their father-in-law, then Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.
As Viscount Duncannon, Ponsonby was first appointed a Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty on 27 June 1746, a position they held until 1756, when they were appointed a Lord Commissioner of the Treasury. They also represented the British constituencies of Derby from 1742 to 1754, Saltash from 1754 to 1756 and Harwick from 1756 to 1758. Upon the death of their father on 4 July 1758, Ponsonby succeeded them in the House of Lords under the title Baron Ponsonby of Sysonby on 23 November of that year.
Postmaster General
On 2 June 1759 Ponsonby left the Treasury and was appointed Postmaster General of Great Britain jointly with Robert Hampden-Trevor, 1st Viscount Hampden. They resigned the position when their brother-in-law, William Cavendish, 4th Duke of Devonshire, was dismissed as Lord Chamberlain in October 1762. They were reappointed to the position (and sworn of the Privy Council) in July 1765 jointly with Thomas Robinson, 1st Baron Grantham, until they resigned in 1766, their initial offer to resign having been refused.
Upon William Ponsonby's death on 11 March 1793 their son, Frederick Ponsonby, succeeded to their titles.
Family
William Ponsonby was the son of Brabazon Ponsonby, 1st Earl of Bessborough, and their wife Sarah Margetson, and elder brother of John Ponsonby.
On 5 July 1739, William married Lady Caroline Cavendish, the eldest daughter of William Cavendish, 3rd Duke of Devonshire, who died in 1760 aged 40.
They had three surviving children:
Lady Catherine Ponsonby (b. 1742), married Aubrey Beauclerk, 5th Duke of St Albans
Lady Charlotte Ponsonby (b. 1747), married William Fitzwilliam, 4th Earl Fitzwilliam
Frederick Ponsonby, 3rd Earl of Bessborough (1758–1844)
Parkstead House, Roehampton, was built in 1750 for William Ponsonby, and now forms part of Roehampton University.
References
External links
ODNB article
1704 births
1793 deaths
Duncannon, William Ponsonby, Viscount
Duncannon, William Ponsonby, Viscount
Duncannon, William Ponsonby, Viscount
Ponsonby, William
Duncannon, William Ponsonby, Viscount
Duncannon, William Ponsonby, Viscount
Members of the Privy Council of Great Britain
Members of the Privy Council of Ireland
United Kingdom Postmasters General
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
Chief Secretaries for Ireland
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for constituencies in Derbyshire
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Down constituencies
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Kilkenny constituencies
William
William
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Eilema borbonica is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It is endemic to Réunion.
It has a length of approx. and a wingspan of .
References
Moths described in 2011
borbonica
Moths of Africa
Eleanore Deirdre O'Connell (16 June 1939 – 9 June 2001) was an Irish American actor, singer, and theatre director who founded the Focus Theatre in Dublin, Ireland.
Biography
O'Connell was born in the South Bronx district of New York City, one of five children whose parents were Irish immigrants. When they finished school, they pursued their interest in theatre studying first at Erwin Piscator's Dramatic Workshop, New York City, and later at the Actors Studio run by Lee Strasberg. In their early twenties, O'Connell moved to Dublin, Ireland, where they set up the Stanislavski Studio at the Pocket Theatre. There they trained a small company of actors in Stanislavski's system. In 1967, they founded the Focus Theatre, becoming its manager, artistic director, and fundraiser—as well as acting in many of its productions.
They were a noted folk-singer and performed at the Newport Folk Festival. They married the Irish singer Luke Kelly in June 1965, but they separated in the early 1970s.
O'Connell died of cancer at their home in Dublin at the age of 61 and is buried in Glasnevin Cemetery.
Further reading
O'Connell Cusack, Geraldine, Children of the Far-flung, The Liffey Press (Oct 2003),
Exit, stage left (obituary)
References
External links
Deirdre O'Connell at Irish Playography
1939 births
2001 deaths
Burials at Glasnevin Cemetery
Irish folk singers
Irish stage actores
Irish theatre directors
Irish theatre managers and producers
People from the Bronx
Deaths from cancer in the Republic of Ireland
20th-century Irish women singers
Deli Fuad Pasha (Modern Turkish: Deli Fuat Paşa; 1835 – 17 April 1931) was an Ottoman marshal and
ambassador, who participated in the Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878).
Deli Fuad was a founding member of the Freedom and Accord Party.
References
1835 births
1931 deaths
Ottoman Army generals
Diplomats of the Ottoman Empire
Members of the Senate of the Ottoman Empire
Lomé Grand Market is a large marketplace in the city of Lomé, the capital of Togo.
Located near Lomé Cathedral near the city centre, the market often has live African music by local performers.
The market, referred to in French as "Grand Marché" (Main Market) consists of three sections, known locally as Atipoji, Asigame and Assivito. The market occupies an entire city block in Lomé. The majority of the vendors are women and children.
The market offers a wide selection of spices. The most valuable are:
References
Economy of Togo
Lomé
Retail markets in Africa
"Hold Out" is a song performed by English musician Sam Fender. The song was released as a digital download on 13 February 2020 by Polydor Records. The song was written by Sam Fender and produced by Bramwell Bronte.
Background
Fender originally wrote the song when they were twenty. Talking about the song, they said: "It's about going out on the lash back home which was really just a form of escape." Fender explained that the lyrics address issues facing young people and partying and alcohol.
Music video
A music video to accompany "Hold Out" was first released on YouTube on 13 February 2020. The music video was directed by Jack Whitefield.
Personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Bramwell Bronte – producer, associated performer, engineer, programming, studio personnel
Sam Fender – composer, lyricist, associated performer, bass, guitar, vocals
Drew Michael – associated performer, drums
Johnny 'Blue Hat' Davis – associated performer, saxophone
Joseph Atkinson – associated performer, synthesizer
Dean Thompson – engineer, studio personnel
Rich Costey – mixer, studio personnel
Charts
Release history
References
2020 songs
Sam Fender songs
Polydor Records singles
Andrea Mastroni is an Italian basso profondo. Born in Milan, they first studied clarinet before training as a singer and also studying aesthetic philosophy.
Career
Mastroni made their opera debut in Aida (Re / Ramphis), followed by operas in different styles, such as Die Zauberflöte (Sarastro), Turandot (Timur), La Bohème (Colline), Rigoletto (Sparafucile), Le Nozze di Figaro (Figaro), Lucia di Lammermoor (Raimondo), Il Trovatore (Ferrando), Don Giovanni (Leporello), Don Pasquale (Don Pasquale), Il barbiere di Siviglia (Don Basilio), L'Italiana in Algeri (Mustafa), Il matrimonio segreto (Conte Robinson), Die sieben Todsünden by Weill (Vater) and the world premiere of Romeo e Giulietta by Marchetti (Baldassarre).
In later seasons they have incorporated roles such as Lord Sidney (Il Viaggio a Reims conducted by Alberto Zedda in an Emilio Sagi production at the Rossini Opera Festival in Pesaro), Oroveso (Norma), Frère Laurent (Roméo et Juliette), Osmin (Die Entführung aus dem Serail), Pirro (I Lombardi), Banquo (Macbeth), Frate (Don Carlo), Oroe (Semiramide) and Caronte (L'Orfeo).
Andrea Mastroni has performed in the main opera houses and festivals in Italy, Spain, Germany and Austria and their recordings include operas such as Romeo e Giulietta by Marchetti (Dynamic), I Vespri Siciliani (Naxos, DVD and CD), Roméo et Juliette by Gounod (Decca), Semiramide (Naxos, Grammy 2012) and Lamento (Brilliant Classics), with Henri Duparc's songs for voice and piano. Lied and song form an important facet of their career, with a focus on song cycles such as Schubert's Die Schöne Müllerin and Winterreise and Schumann's Dichterliebe, while their concert repertoire features pieces such as Mozart's Requiem, Krönungsmesse and Litaniae Lauretanae, Rossini's Petite Messe Solennelle Verdi's Requiem.
They have performed in the world premieres of Messa Chigiana by Lavagnino, Hazon's Requiem, Arnaboldi's Dante Racconta l'Inferno, La Signora di Monza by Belisario and, opening the 2016/2017 season at La Fenice in Venice, Aquagranda, by Filippo Perocco.
In the 2017/2018 season, as well as having opened the seasons at Hamburg (Die Zauberflöte) and Venice (Aquagranda), they made their debut at the New York Metropolitan and they will make their debut at the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden, London (Don Carlo and Rigoletto).
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Italian basses
Italian opera singers
Peadus is a genus of snout moths.
Species
Peadus bolivianus (Neunzig, 1989) (from Bolivia)
Peadus burdettella (Schaus, 1913) (syn. Peadus semproniella (Schaus, 1913))
Peadus dissitus Heinrich 1956
Peadus subaquilella (Ragonot, 1888)
References
Phycitini
Season 4 of So You Think You Can Dance Canada is a dance reality show and competition that airs on CTV. It is hosted by ETalk correspondent Leah Miller. It was the last season of the Canadian version of SYTYCD.
Auditions
Open auditions for this season were held in the following locations, with one or two guest judges joining Jean-Marc, Tré, and Luther at the Judges' Table:
Finals Week
Judges: Jean-Marc Généreux, Tré Armstrong, Blake McGrath, Luther Brown, Mary Murphy, Nico Archambault, Sean Cheesman, France Mousseau, Rex Harrington
Finals
Elimination chart
The song played for the eliminated female contestants is "This Is My Now" by Jordin Sparks. The song played for the eliminated male contestants is "Life After You" by Daughtry.
Women
Men
Performances
Week 1 (July 11, 2011)
Judges: Jean-Marc Généreux, Tré Armstrong, Blake McGrath, Luther Brown, Mary Murphy
Week 2 (July 18, 2011)
Judges: Jean-Marc Généreux, Tré Armstrong, Rex Harrington, Mary Murphy
Week 3 (July 25, 2011)
Judges: Jean-Marc Généreux, Tré Armstrong, Nico Archambault, Mary Murphy
Week 4 (August 1, 2011)
Judges: Jean-Marc Généreux, Tré Armstrong, Sergio Trujillo, Dan Karaty
Week 5 (August 8, 2011)
Judges: Jean-Marc Généreux, Tré Armstrong, Dan Karaty, Melissa Williams, Rex Harrington
Week 6 (August 15, 2011)
Judges: Jean-Marc Généreux, Tré Armstrong, Blake McGrath, Luther Brown, Mary Murphy
Week 7 (August 22, 2011)
Judges: Jean-Marc Généreux, Tré Armstrong, Stacey Tookey, Mary Murphy
Solos:
Week 8 (August 29, 2011)
Judges: Jean-Marc Généreux, Tré Armstrong, Blake McGrath, Mary Murphy
Solos:
Week 9 (September 5, 2011)
Judges: Jean-Marc Généreux, Tré Armstrong, Blake McGrath, Luther Brown, Mary Murphy
Group Dances:
Top 3 Girls: "What About Us"—ATB (Contemporary; Choreographer: Mia Michaels)
Top 3 Boys: "We Will Rock You''—Queen (Jazz; Choreographer: Melissa Williams)
Top 6: "Sail"—Awolnation (Contemporary; Choreographer: Sabrina Matthews)
Solos:
Result shows
Week 1 (July 12, 2011)
Group dance: Top 22: "On the Floor"—Jennifer Lopez feat. Pitbull (Hip-hop; Choreographer: Luther Brown)
Solos:
New partners:
Geisha Chin
François Pruneau
Week 2 (July 19, 2011)
Group dance: Top 20: "Haddipa"—Pritam & Mika Singh (Bollywood; Choreographer: Longinus Fernandes)
Solos:
Week 3 (July 26, 2011)
Group dance: Top 18: "El Tango de Roxanne"—Ewan McGregor, Jacek Koman & José Feliciano/"No Pregunto Cuantons Son"—Bajofondo (Tango/Musical theatre; Choreographer: Sergio Trujillo)
Solos:
Week 4 (August 2, 2011)
Group dance: Top 16: "God is Able"—Smokie Norful (Contemporary; Choreographer: Blake McGrath)
Solos:
Week 5 (August 9, 2011)
Group dance: Top 14: " Rumour Has It"—Adele (Jazz; Choreographer: Melissa Williams)
Solos:
New partners:
Yuliya Zavadska
Shane Simpson
Week 6 (August 16, 2011)
Group dance: "Dirty Dancer"—Enrique Iglesias feat. Usher & Lil Wayne (Ballroom; Choreographers: Jean-Marc Généreux and France Mousseau)
Solos:
Week 7 (August 23, 2011)
Group dance: "Heavy in Your Arms"—Florence and the Machine (Contemporary; Choreographer: Sabrina Matthews)
Solos:
Week 8 (August 30, 2011)
Group dance: "Vogue"—Madonna (Jazz; Choreographer: Sean Cheesman)
Solos:
Week 9 (September 11, 2011)
Judges: Jean-Marc Généreux, Tré Armstrong, Blake McGrath, Mia Michaels, Rex Harrington, Sean Cheesman, Sergio Trujillo, Mary Murphy, Luther Brown
Group dances:
Top 22 & Judges: "Showdown"—The Black Eyed Peas (Theatre; Choreographer: Sergio Trujillo)
Top 20: "Haddipa"—Pritam & Mika Singh (Bollywood; Choreographer: Longinus Fernandes)
Top 3 girls: "What About Us"—ATB (Contemporary; Choreographer: Mia Michaels)
Top 22: "On the Floor"—Jennifer Lopez feat. Pitbull (Hip-hop; Choreographer: Luther Brown)
Top 10: "Marching On" - OneRepublic; (Contemporary/September 11 attacks tribute; Choreographer: Stacey Tookey)
Top 6: "No Turning Back" (Contemporary; Choreographer: Sean Cheesman)
Judges' picks:
External links
So You Think You Can Dance Canada
2011 Canadian television seasons
Season 04
The Smiling, Proud Wanderer is a novel by Jin Yong.
The Smiling, Proud Wanderer may also refer to:
The Smiling, Proud Wanderer (1984 TV series), a 1984 Hong Kong television series
See also
State of Divinity (disambiguation)
Lexington Avenue Express is the name of the following subway services in New York City, that run from the Bronx, through Lexington Avenue in Manhattan, to Brooklyn:
Lexington Avenue Express-Woodlawn or 4 (New York City Subway service)
Lexington Avenue Express-Dyre Avenue or 5 (New York City Subway service)
William Leroy "P. J." Pope, Jr. (born February 26, 1984) is a former American football running back. They were signed by the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent in 2006. They played college football at Bowling Green.
Pope has also played for the Green Bay Packers and Denver Broncos.
Early years
Pope attended Wyoming High School in Wyoming, Ohio, where they excelled in baseball and football. During their senior year, Pope ran for 2,230 rushing yards and 36 touchdowns, enough to help them win the "Southern Ohio Player of the Year" Award.
College career
During Pope's career at Bowling Green State University, they managed to become the school's third all-time leading rusher. They became the only player in the school's history to record 3,000 rushing and 1,000 receiving yards.
Professional career
Chicago Bears
The Chicago Bears signed Pope as an undrafted free agent before the 2006 NFL preseason to compensate for the absence of starting running backs Thomas Jones and Cedric Benson. The Bears later cut Pope from the team on September 9, but was shortly re-signed onto the practice squad.
Green Bay Packers
The Green Bay Packers signed Pope from the Bears' practice squad on October 31, 2006. On August 24, 2007, they were cut along with 11 other players from Green Bay.
Chicago Bears (second stint)
Pope was re-signed to the Bears' practice squad in September 2007. They remained there the entire season and spent the 2008 preseason with the team before being waived on August 29.
Denver Broncos
On August 31, 2008, Pope was signed to the practice squad of the Denver Broncos They were released on October 20, only to be re-signed to following day. Pope was promoted to the Broncos active roster on November 4, a day after running backs Andre Hall and Michael Pittman were placed on season-ending injured reserve. Pope became the starter when Peyton Hillis also went on injured reserve.
Pope was waived by the Broncos on February 11, 2009.
Post NFL Career
Pope was the 8th grade football coach at Wyoming Middle School. As of 2013 they are a varsity assistant at Shroder High School in Cincinnati.
References
External links
Bowling Green Falcons bio
Denver Broncos bio
Chicago Bears bio
1984 births
Living people
Players of American football from Cincinnati
African-American players of American football
American football running backs
Bowling Green Falcons football players
Chicago Bears players
Green Bay Packers players
Denver Broncos players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Gaius Memmius was a Roman plebeian and a soldier of the Late Roman Republic. Their father was probably Gaius Memmius Mordax, the tribune of 111. They were married to Pompeia, the older sister of Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus, making them Pompey's brother-in-law. They likely had a son by the same name whom became a moneyer.  They are recorded to have served Pompey during their Sicilian command in 81 BC at the end of Sulla's civil war. When Pompey sailed to Africa, to fight the remnants of the Cinna-Marian faction under Gnaeus Domitius Ahenobarbus, they put Memmius in command on Sicily. During the Sertorian War Memmius first served the proconsul Quintus Caecilius Metellus Pius who was given the command against the Roman rebel Quintus Sertorius on the Iberian Peninsula. They probably went with Metellus's army when Metellus marched to Iberia in 79 BC. When Pompey was sent to support Metellus against Sertorius in 76 BC, Memmius was transferred to Pompey's army and served their brother-in-law as a quaestor. Pompey sent Memmius, accompanied by the Spaniard Balbus, with a fleet to try and take New Carthage, secure it as a base, and from there move up the coast. Memmius and their force were immediately blockaded in the city, probably by Sertorius's pirate allies, and was unable to play their part in the campaign. In 75 BC at the Battle of Saguntum they were killed during the early stages of the battle when Sertorius launched an ad hominem attack at Pompey trying to decapitate the Pompeian army; Pompey survived the attack, Memmius died defending their brother-in-law. Plutarch called them 'the most capable of Pompey's lieutenants'.
Sources
Plutarch, Parallel Lives, Life of Sertorius, 11 and 19.
Plutarch, Parallel Lives, Life of Pompey, 21.
Notes and references
1st-century BC Romans
Ancient Romans killed in action
Military personnel killed in action
Pompey
Year of birth unknown
Goferydd is an area in the community of Trearddur, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 141.4 miles (227.5 km) from Cardiff and 228.9 miles (368.4 km) from London.
"Goferydd" is a Welsh word meaning "overflowing."
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Shuford House, also known as Maple Grove, is a historic home located at Hickory, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built in 1875, and is a two-story, three bay frame dwelling with a central hall plan. It features a two-story porch supported by four pairs of pillars.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
Maple Grove has been restored by the Hickory Landmarks Society and operated as a late 19th-century historic house museum.
References
External links
Maple Grove - Hickory Landmarks Society
Hickory, North Carolina
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1875
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
Museums in Catawba County, North Carolina
Historic house museums in North Carolina
Jenny Zillhardt or Marguerite Valentine (16 March 1857 – February 1939) was a French painter.
Biography
Marguerite-Valentine-Jenny Zillhardt (Jenny Zillhardt) was born at Saint-Quentin in Aisne. They began studying painting at the Académie Julian in Paris in 1877, alongside Louise Catherine Breslau and Marie Bashkirtseff. They studied under Tony Robert-Fleury.
They first exhibited at the Paris Salon in 1878 with Deux amis. From that time forward, their frequent participation in the Salon garnered their several sales.
Zillhardt was part of the French female group who were represented at the 1893 Chicago World's Fair, an exhibit in the Woman's Building.
Them works were included in the collections of the Musée d'Orsay, the museum of Langres, and the museum of Saint-Quentin.
They were made an officer of public instruction (officier de l'instruction publique) in 1910, and received the Legion of Honor (chevalier de la légion d'honneur) in 1930.
Them painting Régalez-vous mesdames was included in the 1905 work of British art historian Walter Shaw Sparrow, Women Painters of the World.
Zillhardt died in February 1939 at Neuilly-sur-Seine.
They were the sister of Madeleine Zillhardt, model and companion of Louise Catherine Breslau.
Collections
Zillhardt's work is held in the following public collection:
Jeune fille au chat, musée d'Orsay
Gallery
References
External links
Zillhardt on artnet
1857 births
1939 deaths
19th-century French painters
French women painters
19th-century French women artists
20th-century French painters
20th-century French women artists
Académie Julian
John "Buster" Fitzgerald was an American baseball catcher in the Negro leagues. They played with the Newark Eagles in 1943 and 1947 and the New York Black Yankees in 1947.
References
External links
and Seamheads
Newark Eagles players
New York Black Yankees players
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Baseball players from Newark, New Jersey
Baseball catchers
The Canon EOS 5D Mark IV is a professional-grade 30.1-megapixel full-frame digital single-lens reflex (DSLR) camera made by Canon.
Succeeding the EOS 5D Mark III, it was announced on 25 August 2016. The Mark IV went on sale in September 2016 with a retail price of $3,499 in the US, £3,599 in the UK, and €4,129 in the Eurozone. As Canon is phasing out its entire DSLR lineup, this is the final model in the EOS 5D series and has effectively been succeeded by the EOS R5 mirrorless camera.
The 5D Mark IV is offered as a body only or in a package with an EF 24-105mm f/4L IS II USM zoom lens or an EF 24-70mm f/4L IS USM zoom lens; at introduction, the suggested retail price was $3,499, with 24-105 f/4L IS II kit $4,599, and with 24-70 f/4L IS kit $4,399.
Features
New features over the EOS 5D Mark III are:
DCI 4K (4096×2160) with up to 30 fps (29.97 fps) up to 29′59″, with crop 1.74× (compared to full frame) in MOV (4K video: Motion JPEG; Full HD and HD Movie: MPEG4 AVC/H.264*; Audio: Linear PCM), MP4 (Movie: MPEG4 AVC/H.264*; Audio: AAC) *Variable (averaged) bitrate
Full HD video (1080p) up to 60 fps, HD (720p) up to 120 fps
C-LOG video footage with the C-LOG upgrade applied
Continuous shooting rate of up to 7.0 frames per second with full autofocus; 4.3 fps in Live View with Servo AF by Dual Pixel CMOS AF
All AF points support to a maximum aperture of f/8 with EV −3, 61 points high density reticular AF II system including 41 cross-type points, AF area expanded vertically.
Continuous red illumination of all AF points
DIGIC 6+ processor
Intelligent Viewfinder II
Inherited AI Servo AF III with EOS iTR AF from EOS 7D Mark II and EOS-1D X Mark II
Built-in GPS used for geotag information and syncing to UTC time: compatible with three satellite navigation systems including GLONASS (Russia), GPS (USA), Michibiki (Japan)
Standard ISO range 100–32000 (5D Mark III was 100-25600), expandable to ISO 50–102400.
Anti-flicker feature (introduced with the EOS 7D Mark II and EOS-1D X Mark II) – camera can be set to adjust the moment of exposure to compensate for flickering electric lighting
A touchscreen LCD, which allows videographers to select the camera's AF point before and during video recording.
New button under joystick and beneath Quick control dial.
Wi-Fi/NFC for wireless file transfer (with wireless transmitter)
Mirror Vibration Control System
Fine Detail – new Picture Style
Dual Pixel CMOS AF with Dual Pixel RAW: for bokeh shift, image microadjustments, ghost and flare reduction
Digital lens optimizer for JPEG shooting, inherited from the EOS-1D X Mark II
Time-lapse movie features
900 shot battery life (approx)
Improved metering system with 150,000-pixel RGB+IR metering sensor and 252-zone metering
Approx. 100% viewfinder coverage
Upgrades
On 20 April 2017 Canon issued a press release, announcing the upcoming availability of a C-LOG upgrade for existing EOS 5D Mark IV cameras. Pricing was set at US$99 and cameras shipping with the feature upgrade pre-installed were announced for July 2017.
In early 2019 Canon released a Voice Tag upgrade for existing EOS 5D Mark IV cameras. Pricing was set at US$99.
The upgrades are mutually exclusive, meaning only one upgrade can be applied to any given camera at a time.
References
External links
EOS 5D Mark IV at Canon USA
5D Mark IV
Cameras introduced in 2016
Articles containing video clips
Full-frame DSLR cameras
Kirkilas Cabinet was the 14th cabinet of Lithuania since 1990. It consisted of the Prime Minister and 13 government ministers.
History
Formation
Algirdas Brazauskas resigned as the Prime Minister of the 13th government on 1 June 2006. After this event, the Homeland Union, the Liberal Movement and the New Union (Social Liberals) tried to form ruling coalition (so-called "Coalition of Breakthrough") of their one, but the Social Democratic Party of Lithuania and the Lithuanian Peasant Popular Union also tried to do so. Attempt made by latter two parties was successful and new coalition also included the Civic Democratic Party and the Liberal and Centre Union.
After the interim Prime Minister, Zigmantas Balčytis failed to gather sufficient level of support in the parliament (only 53 members of the parliament belonged to new four party coalition), the President Valdas Adamkus appointed Gediminas Kirkilas of the Social Democratic Party of Lithuania as the Prime Minister on 6 July 2006. Although, possibility of snap elections of Seimas in 2007 was raised by spring and summer of 2006, the 14th cabinet received its mandate and started work on 18 July 2006, after the Seimas gave assent to its program (main opposition party – the Homeland Union – abstained in the voting).
Minority and majority governments
The government served as minority government from July 2006 to January 2008. Agreement between the Social Democratic Party of Lithuania and the Homeland Union had fixed term of six months, which could have been extended for other six months etc. By the end of 2007 Homeland Union withdraw its support for minority government and search of possible support from other parties began. In January 2008, the government became majority one when the New Union (Social Liberals) joined ruling coalition after weeks of negotiations, although the New Union (Social Liberals) in April 2007 already agreed to support minority government.
The government continued to serve until the end of the term of the Ninth Seimas, returning its mandate on 17 November 2008, soon after the elections to the Seimas in October. The government continued to serve in an acting capacity until the Second Kubilius Cabinet started its work on 9 December 2008.
Cabinet
The following ministers served on Kirkilas Cabinet.
References
Cabinet of Lithuania
2006 establishments in Lithuania
2008 disestablishments in Lithuania
Cabinets established in 2006
Cabinets disestablished in 2008
lt:Sąrašas:Lietuvos ministrų kabinetai (nuo 1990)#Keturioliktoji Vyriausybė
Victorina Bora (born 15 January 1972) is a Romanian handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1972 births
Living people
Romanian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Romania
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
People from Dolj County
The Chilean Rugby Federation () is the governing body for rugby union in Chile. The Federation is responsible for the various national teams representing Chile in international competitions. The Federation is a member of several international organizations, such as World Rugby, and Sudamérica Rugby (the regional governing body for rugby in South America). The Federation is led by President Francisco Davanzo Pumarino. The Federation includes over 18,000 players.
The Chilean Rugby Federation was founded 4 May 1953. The Federation joined the IRB (World Rugby) in 1991.
National teams
Chile's national team is known as the Condors. Chile has played in the annual South American Rugby Championship since the tournament began in 1951. Chile has finished in third place in the South American Rugby Championship (behind Argentina and Uruguay) almost every year since 1983.
Chile also participates in qualifying matches for the Rugby World Cup, but Argentina and Uruguay remain the only South American teams to have participated in the Rugby World Cup.
The Chile national rugby sevens team represents Chile in international rugby sevens tournaments. Chile's rugby sevens team has played at the USA Sevens on the World Rugby Sevens Series, at the Rugby World Cup Sevens, and at the Pan American Games since rugby sevens was added in 2011.
The Chile national under-20 rugby union team has played in the IRB Junior World Rugby Trophy. Chile finished second in 2008, and third in 2009 and 2013. Chile hosted the tournament in 2008 and 2013.
Leadership
1953 - 1955 Kenneth Dunford *
1956 - 1957 Leonardo Mascaro V. *
1958 - 1959 Rodolfo Pincas
1960 - 1961 Rodolfo Pincas
1962 - 1963 Jorge Chavez Sánchez
1964 - 1965 Luis Felipe Mujica M. *
1966 - 1967 Fernando De Castro *
1968 - 1969 Leslie Cooper *
1970 - 1971 Ronald Miles
1972 - 1974 Patricio Campos N. *
1975 - 1979 Luis Bernabo Ody
1980 - 1982 Sergio Bascuñan Martinez
1983 - 1986 Alberto Jory Walker
1986 - 1987 Jorge Pizarro S.
1988 - 1989 Sergio Bascuñan Martinez
1990 - 1991 Alberto Jory Walker
1991 - 1993 Claudio Cabrera Berceruelo
1994 - 1995 Ernesto Sirner Bugueño
1996 - 1997 Miguel A. Mujica Brain
1998 - 1999 Julio Calisto Hurtado
2000 - 2007 Miguel A. Mujica Brain
2007 - 2008 Carlos Silva Echiburou
2008 - 2009 Alastair MacGregor
2009 - 2012 Sebastián Pinto
2012 - 2015 Francisco Davanzo Pumarino
2015 - 2019 Jorge Araya
2019 - 2023 Cristian Rudloff
See also
Rugby union in Chile
Chile national rugby union team
Chile national rugby sevens team
Chile national under-20 rugby union team
References
External links
Chilean Rugby Federation (official website)
Rugby union in Chile
Sports governing bodies in Chile
Rugby union governing bodies in South America
Sports organizations established in 1953
Distomus is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Species within the genus Distomus include:
Distomus antiborealis Monniot, Monniot, Griffiths & Schleyer, 2001
Distomus fuscus Delle Chiaje, 1841
Distomus hupferi (Michaelsen, 1904)
Distomus malayensis Sluiter, 1919
Distomus pacificus Monniot & Monniot, 1991
Distomus rudentiformis (Sluiter, 1915)
Distomus variolosus Gaertner, 1774
Species names currently considered to be synonyms:
Distomus crystallinus (Renier, 1804): synonym of Polycitor crystallinus (Renier, 1804)
Distomus diptychos Hartmeyer, 1919: synonym of Stolonica diptycha (Hartmeyer, 1919)
Distomus elegans Quoy & Gaimard, 1834: synonym of Botryllus elegans (Quoy & Gaimard, 1834)
Distomus kukenthali (Gottschaldt, 1894): synonym of Eudistoma vitreum (Sars, 1851)
Distomus mamillaris Gaertner, 1774: synonym of Polycarpa mamillaris (Gaertner, 1774)
Distomus vitreum : synonym of Eudistoma vitreum (Sars, 1851)
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
Taxa named by Joseph Gaertner
Rostral may refer to:
Anatomy
Rostral (anatomical term), situated toward the oral or nasal region
Rostral bone, in ceratopsian dinosaurs
Rostral organ, of certain fish
Rostral scale, in snakes and scaled reptiles
Other uses
Rostral column, a victory column commemorating a naval military victory
See also
Rostrum (disambiguation)
Them Mad Night is a 1932 American pre-Code crime film directed by E. Mason Hopper and starring Conway Tearle, Irene Rich and Mary Carlisle. It is aso known by the title Held For Murder.
Cast
Conway Tearle as Steven Kennedy
Irene Rich as Joan Manners
Mary Carlisle as Constance 'Connie' Kennedy
Kenneth Thomson as Schuyler Durkin
William B. Davidson as District Attorney
William Irving as Jury Foreman
References
Bibliography
Pitts, Michael R. Poverty Row Studios, 1929-1940. McFarland & Company, 2005.
External links
1932 films
1932 crime films
American crime films
Films directed by E. Mason Hopper
American black-and-white films
Mayfair Pictures films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Major General Rashid Qureshi, () SI(M), SBt, is a retired two-star general.
Military career
Qureshi was commissioned in the Pakistan Army on 17 April 1971 in the 44th PMA Long Course. During the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971, they were stationed at the Lahore Sector.
After the war, Qureshi's company was stationed at the Rawalpindi sector where they became a staff officer at the General Headquarters (GHQ). In 1987, they were promoted to Lieutenant Colonel, and was made General Officer Commanding of the 10th Battalion. In 1991, they became a Colonel in the Army, and was made Military Secretary to General Pervez Musharraf at the Joint Chief of Staff Committee Secretariat.
Inter-Services Public Relations
In 1996, Qureshi joined the Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR). In 1997, they were promoted as one-star general (brigadier-general) in the Army. In 1998, they were made director-general of the ISPR.
They were also a Principal Military Spokesperson of General Pervez Musharraf.
They retired from the Pakistan Army in 2005 and currently resides in Islamabad, Pakistan.
2007 Helicopter Crash
On 9 October 2007, in a helicopter crash which killed 4 people, and injured 5, Qureshi was amongst those who were injured. The helicopter was one of three escorting Pervez Musharraf to Azad Kashmir.
References
External links
|-
|-
Living people
Punjabi people
All Pakistan Muslim League politicians
Pakistani generals
Directors-General of the Inter-Services Public Relations
Year of birth missing (living people)
Hillcrest High School is a public four year high school located in Country Club Hills, Illinois. It is part of Bremen High School District 228 which also includes Tinley Park High School, Oak Forest High School, and Bremen High School. The name "Hillcrest" aside from the obvious connotation of being "the highest point of a hill", is a portmanteau of the two towns which the school primarily serves: Country Club Hills and Hazel Crest.
History
The first principal of Hillcrest, William Henry Reeves, was appointed in May 1965, leaving their job as principal of Bremen High School to start the new school. Groundbreaking took place in November of that year, with a needed bond referendum passing in December 1966 to cover construction of an addition, even before the school was opened. The school opened in February 1967.<ref>[https://search.proquest.com/docview/175820962 Bremen District Hires 11 Teachers, 7 July 1968, Chicago Tribune, p. S2; accessed 31 August 2008]</ref>
The early 1970s at Hillcrest saw a number of racially motivated incidents as the demographics of the school's attendance area began to shift. A late April 1970 incident, coupled with similar incidents in other local schools led to the spread of attacks beyond the school to the local community of Markham.Markham hit by 2nd night of race turmoil, 1 May 1970, Chicago Tribune p. 18; accessed 31 August 2008 In 1971, the school was temporarily closed after a racially motivated fight that resulted in 48 students being suspended. 1973 saw a 14 May riot that resulted in 34 suspensions and the recommendation for 20 expulsions. When the school board, under pressure from parents, decided to rescind some of the punishments without consulting the building staff or administration, the school's principal, Lee Cox, requested reassignment.Hillcrest unrest leaves question, 21 June 1973, Chicago Tribunelie, p. W_A6; accessed 31 August 2008
In 1990, the FBI investigated an incident involving several students from the school who claimed they had been harassed by a Forest Preserve officer while taking a day off from school illegally. Among those counseling parents at the time was R. Eugene Pincham.Koziol, Ronald, Students found innocent in 'ditch day' disturbance, 26 July 1990, Chicago Tribune, p. 4; accessed 31 August 2008
In February 1994, the school cancelled planned parent-teacher conferences and a day off of school to accommodate a visit by President Bill Clinton. Students were banned from parking at the school that day to accommodate the president's helicopter, Marine One, landing in the parking lot. The visit coincided with the Brady Bill becoming law.Elsner, David, Anti-crime theme echoes at Hillcrest, 1 March 1994, Chicago Tribune, p. 1.
Student life
Activities
Hillcrest sponsors over 35 extracurricular activities ranging from academic competition and performing arts to cultural and special interests. Activities which are chapters or affiliates of nationally notable organizations include Business Professionals of America, DECA, FCCLA, Key club, and National Honor Society. In the performing arts, the school supports a band, chorus, and drama club.
Athletics
Hillcrest competes in the South Suburban Conference (SSC) and is a member of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA), which governs most sports and competitive activities in the state. Teams are stylized as the Hawks.
The school sponsors interscholastic sports teams for both men and women in basketball, bowling, cross-country, and track & field. Men may also compete in baseball, football, golf, and wrestling while women may compete in cheerleading, softball, tennis, and volleyball.
The new Athletic Director is Maurice Young.
The following teams won or placed top 4 in their respective IHSA sponsored state championship tournament/meet:
Basketball (Boys): State Champions (2009-10); 3rd Place (2011-12)
Basketball (Girls): 2nd Place (2009-10, 2010-11); 3rd Place (2012-13)
Bowling (Girls): 3rd Place (1989-90)
Track (Boys): State Champions (2008-09, 2009-10)
Notable alumni
Maurice Acker is a former college basketball player for the Marquette Golden Eagles.
Maurice "Mobetta" Brown (born 1981) is a Grammy Award-Winning jazz trumpeter, producer and composer. As a member of Tedeschi Trucks Band, they shared the 2011 Grammy for Best Blues Album (Revelator'')
Danny Clark is an NFL linebacker, formerly playing for the New York Giants.
Marquice Cole is an NFL cornerback, formerly playing for the New York Jets.
Herb Coleman is a former American football player
Gary Dotson (did not graduate) was a convicted rapist whose conviction was overturned after their accuser recanted.  They are believed to be the first person exonerated of a crime through DNA evidence.
Brady Dougan is the CEO of Credit Suisse.
Jerel McNeal is a former basketball player for the Marquette Golden Eagles, now in the Israeli Basketball Premier League.
Corey McPherrin is an Emmy Award winning television sports reporter, currently working as the weekday reporter and Sports Director for WFLD-TV, the Fox television affiliate in Chicago.
References
Public high schools in Cook County, Illinois
Rothenbrunnen (Giuvaulta in romansh) is a municipality in the Viamala Region in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
History
Rothenbrunnen is first mentioned in 1472 as Hof Juvalt. In 1572 it was mentioned as zum Roten Brunnen.
Geography
Rothenbrunnen has an area, , of . Of this area, 11.6% is used for agricultural purposes, while 67.7% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 9.4% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (11.3%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
Before 2017, the municipality was located in the Domleschg sub-district, of the Hinterrhein district, after 2017 it was part of the Viamala Region. It is a linear village on the right hand side of the Hinterrhine river. It also includes the settlement of Ravetsch ().
Coat of arms
The municipality's coat of arms is Argent a Fountain proper Gules and in Chief Azure a Mullet Or. This is an example of canting where the name of the municipality is translated or represented on the coat of arms. In this case, in German Rothen means red and brunnen means fountain. The fountain refers to the source of medicinal waters for which the municipality was known.
The coat of arms is also the coat of arms of the Friie von Juvalta, but modified with a star. The coat of arms of the friie was: D'azur à l'étoile de cinq / six pointes d'argent / or. Later, the coat of arms was augmentend to taillé, d'azur à l'étoile de cinq / six pointes d'argent / or et d'or à l'aiglon de gueules. All these variants or brisure where chosen to distinguish the older from the younger brother(s).
Demographics
Rothenbrunnen has a population (as of ) of . , 11.2% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -6.5%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 47.5% male and 52.5% female. The age distribution, , in Rothenbrunnen is; 58 people or 13.7% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 28 people or 6.6% are 10 to 14, and 39 people or 9.2% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 38 people or 9.0% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 70 people or 16.6% are 30 to 39, 67 people or 15.9% are 40 to 49, and 68 people or 16.1% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 31 people or 7.3% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 11 people or 2.6% are 70 to 79, there are 8 people or 1.9% who are 80 to 89, and there are 4 people or 0.9% who are 90 to 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 44.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SPS (22.4%), the FDP (15%) and the CVP (10.5%).
In Rothenbrunnen about 58.1% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Rothenbrunnen has an unemployment rate of 1.29%. , there were 11 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 4 businesses involved in this sector. 31 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 5 businesses in this sector. 230 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 13 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Languages
Most of the population () speaks German (83.2%), with Romansh being second most common ( 7.6%) and Portuguese being third ( 2.1%).
Heritage sites of national significance
The ruins of Hochjuvalt Castle are listed as a Swiss heritage sites of national significance.
Weather
Rothenbrunnen has an average of 101.1 days of rain per year and on average receives of precipitation. The wettest month is August during which time Rothenbrunnen receives an average of of precipitation. During this month there is precipitation for an average of 10.9 days. The driest month of the year is February with an average of of precipitation over 10.9 days.
Transportation
Rhaetian Railway operate services to Rothenbrunnen (Rhaetian Railway station).
References
External links
Official Web site
Municipalities of Graubünden
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
The S5G reactor was a prototype naval reactor designed for the United States Navy to provide electricity generation and propulsion on submarines. The S5G designation stands for:
S = Submarine platform
5 = Fifth generation core designed by the contractor
G = General Electric was the contracted designer
Design
The S5G was a pressurized water reactor plant with two coolant loops and two steam generators. It had to be designed with the reactor vessel situated low in the boat and the steam generators high in order for natural circulation of the primary coolant to be developed and maintained.
Reactor primary coolant pumps are one of the primary sources of noise from submarines, and the elimination of coolant pumps and associated equipment would also reduce mechanical complexity and the space required by propulsion equipment.
The S5G had primary coolant pumps, but they were only needed for very high speeds. And since the reactor core was designed with very smooth paths for the coolant, the coolant pumps were smaller and quieter than the ones used by the competing S5W core. They were also fewer in number. In most cases the submarine could be operated without using coolant pumps at all. The quiet design resulted in a larger hull diameter but required larger primary coolant piping than the competing S5W reactor. Due to the larger size, the S5G was not used in subsequent attack submarines, but was a precursor to the S8G reactor design used in the larger s.
To further reduce engine plant noise, the normal propulsion setup of two steam turbines driving the screw through a reduction gear unit was changed instead to one large propulsion turbine with no reduction gears. This eliminated the noise from the main reduction gears, but the cost was to have a huge main propulsion turbine. The turbine was cylindrical, about 12 feet in diameter, and about 30 feet long. This massive size was necessary to allow it to turn slowly enough to directly drive the screw and be fairly efficient in doing so. The same propulsion setup was used on both the USS Narwhal and the land-based prototype.
The concept of a natural circulation plant was relatively new when the Navy requested this design. The prototype plant in Idaho was therefore given quite a rigorous performance shakedown to determine if such a design would work for the US Navy. It was largely a success, although the design never became the basis for any more fast-attack submarines besides the Narwhal. The prototype testing included the simulation of essentially the entire engine room of an attack submarine. Floating the plant in a large pool of water allowed the prototype to be rotated along its long axis to simulate a hard turn, accomplished by torquing large gyroscopes mounted forward of the reactor compartment. This was necessary to determine whether natural circulation would continue even during hard turns, since natural circulation is dependent on gravity whereas submarines are known to maneuver at various angles.
History
This nuclear reactor was installed both as a land-based prototype at the Nuclear Power Training Unit, Idaho National Laboratory near Arco, Idaho, and on board the USS Narwhal (SSN-671); both have been decommissioned. It was intended to test the potential contribution of natural circulation technology to submarine quieting.
Built in the early 1960s, the S5G prototype was permanently shut down in May 1995.
References
External links
Stacy, Susan M (2000). "Proving the Principle, A History of The Idaho National Engineering and Environmental Laboratory, 1949-1999", (Chapter 10)
United States naval reactors
Johannes Hendrikus Olde Riekerink (born 22 February 1963) is a Dutch football coach and former professional player who is CEO of Turkish club İskenderunspor.
Career
Playing career
Born in Hengelo, Olde Riekerink played professionally for Sparta Rotterdam, FC Dordrecht and Telstar between 1985 and 1993.
Coaching career
Olde Riekerink worked at Ajax as a youth coach from 1995 to 2002. They later managed Belgian club Gent and Dutch club FC Emmen, and has also been Assistant Manager at Portuguese club Porto and Ukrainian club Metalurh Donetsk. They were appointed Head of Youth Development of Jong Ajax in April 2007., on 15 June it was announced that Olde Riekerink would give up their position at the club after irreconcilable differences with new board-member Johan Cruyff.
They became manager of Turkish club Galatasaray in March 2016. Under Olde Riekerink, Galatasaray won 1–0 against Fenerbahçe in the 2016 Turkish Cup Final on 26 May 2016. They were sacked in February 2017.
They were manager of Dutch club SC Heerenveen from 2018 to April 2019.
On 6 November 2019, they were presented as the new coach of South African club Cape Town City. They left the role on 21 May 2021. Later that month they signed a three-year contract with Turkish club İskenderunspor to become their CEO.
Personal life
Their brother Edwin was also a professional player.
References
1963 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Hengelo
Association football midfielders
Dutch footballers
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
Sparta Rotterdam players
FC Dordrecht players
SC Telstar players
Dutch football managers
AFC Ajax non-playing staff
K.A.A. Gent managers
FC Emmen managers
Jong Ajax managers
Galatasaray S.K. (football) managers
SC Heerenveen managers
Dutch expatriate football managers
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate football managers in Belgium
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in China
Expatriate football managers in China
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate football managers in Turkey
Cape Town City F.C. (2016) managers
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in South Africa
Expatriate soccer managers in South Africa
Footballers from Overijssel
Justino Hernández Hilaria (born 14 April 1955) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party. From 2000 to 2003 they served as Deputy of the LVIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing San Luis Potosí.
References
1955 births
Living people
Politicians from San Luis Potosí
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)
Institutional Revolutionary Party politicians
21st-century Mexican politicians
20th-century Mexican politicians
Deputies of the LVIII Legislature of Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico) for San Luis Potosí
Fajsławice is a village in Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Fajsławice. It lies approximately north-west of Krasnystaw and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 1,457.
The Battle of Fajsławice took place in the village during the January Uprising in 1863.
References
Villages in Krasnystaw County
Lublin Governorate
Monjebup Reserve is a 20.63 km2 nature reserve in south-west Western Australia. It is 140 km north-east of Albany, 340 km west of Esperance and 430 km south-east of Perth. It is owned and managed by Bush Heritage Australia (BHA), by which 9.56 km2 of it was purchased in 2005, with another 11.07 km2 in 2010, and forms part of BHA's Gondwana Link project.
Landscape and vegetation
The landscape is diverse, including upland duplex soils, breakaway complexes, sandplains, rocky slopes, hilltops and creeks. Its vegetation communities include mallee, heath, Eucalyptus and Casuarina woodlands, Melaleuca along creeks, Acacia acuminata woodland and Dryandra heath.
Fauna
Animals either recorded, or expected to be present, on the reserve include malleefowl, western whipbird, Carnaby's cockatoo, western mouse, black-gloved wallaby and tammar wallaby. The habitat could support chuditch, red-tailed phascogale, honey possum, western pygmy possum and common brushtail possum.
References
External links
Bush Heritage Australia
Bush Heritage Australia reserves
Nature reserves in Western Australia
2005 establishments in Australia
İlhan Kaynak is a Turkish former footballer who played one game in the Süper Lig with Adanaspor.
Professional career
İlhan made one professional appearance in football with Adanaspor, in a 1-1 Süper Lig tie with İstanbulspor A.Ş. on 28 May 1972.
Personal life
İlhan was born in to a large family of 8 children. Their brothers Orhan, Reşit, İrfan, Kayhan and Ayhan were all professional footballers.
References
External links
People from Adana
Turkish footballers
Adanaspor footballers
Süper Lig players
Association football forwards
Year of birth missing
Triazolite is an organic mineral with the chemical structure of NaCu2(N3C2H2)2(NH3)2Cl3·4H2O, and is formed in conjunction with chanabayite, another natural triazolate. Triazolite has only been found in Pabellón de Pica, Chanabaya, Iquique Province, Tarapacá Region, Chile, due to its specific requirements for formation. The first specimens of triazolite were found in what is suspected to be the guano of the Guanay cormorant. The guano reacted to chalcopyrite-bearing gabbro, allowing the formation for triazolite to take place. Triazolite was initially grouped together with chanabayite in 2015, and wasn't identified as a separate mineral until 2017.
References
Organic minerals
Copper(II) minerals
Orthorhombic minerals
Chlorides
Hungen station is a station on the Gießen–Gelnhausen railway (also known as the Lahn-Kinzig Railway) in the town of Hungen in the German state of Hesse. From 1 June 1890 to 4 April 2003, the Friedberg–Mücke railway (also known as the Horloff Valley Railway, ) branched off to Mücke via Laubach and to Friedberg via Wölfersheim and Beienheim. The station is classified by Deutsche Bahn (DB) as a category 6 station.
History
The first section of the Gießen–Gelnhausen railway (Hungen–Gießen) was opened on 29 December 1869 and Hungen station went into operation. On 29 June 1870, the Gießen–Gelnhausen railway was extended to Nidda station and Hungen became a through station.
The Hungen–Laubach section of the Horloff Valley Railway was opened on 1 June 1890 and the Friedberg–Hungen section was opened on 1 October 1897. The whole line from Friedberg to Mücke was open to traffic on 1 November 1903, making the station into a junction station on the Gießen–Gelnhausen and the Horloff Valley Railway. On 31 May 1959, passenger services was abandoned on the Hungen–Laubach section. Freight traffic was abandoned on this section on 31 December 1997 and it was closed in 1999. The tracks were dismantled around 2007. In the spring of 2010 a bike path was opened on the old railway line in the Hungen district.
Passenger traffic on the Wölfersheim-Södel–Hungen section ended on 4 April 2003. Freight traffic had already been abandoned on 31 December 1997.
Infrastructure
The platforms have not been made accessible for the disabled. The listed station building is owned by the town of Hungen and is scheduled to be completely renovated, starting in 2016 and to be completed in 2018.
Operations
The station is located in the area of the Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund (Rhine-Main Transport Association, RMV).
Rail
Hungen station has not been a railway junction since the abandonment of passenger traffic on the Friedberg–Mücke railway. Services on the Gießen–Gelnhausen railway are operated by Hessische Landesbahn (Hessian State Railway, HLB) with GTW 2/6 sets at hourly intervals between Gießen and Gelnhausen. In the morning peak and after lunch an extra service runs to Gießen and after lunch and in the evening peak an extra service runs from Gießen.
Buses
There are several bus stops at the station. Bus route 363 runs from here to nearby cities, towns and villages along the disused Friedberg–Mücke railway. Another bus route is route 375, which provides a direct connection to Gießen via Lich and the municipality of Pohlheim (along the Gießen–Gelnhausen railway).
Future
There are concrete plans to reactivate the disused Wölfersheim-Södel–Hungen section. In July 2010, negotiations began for the sale of the railway line by Deutsche Bahn to the local communities.
Notes
References
External links
Railway stations in Hesse
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1869
Buildings and structures in Giessen (district)
Romeo Collina (born 7 June 1953) is an Italian former water polo player. They competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics and the 1984 Summer Olympics.
See also
List of world champions in men's water polo
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
Italian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Italy
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Rome
Sankt Alban is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Oddzar is an American rock band formed in 1999 in Columbia, Maryland. Their original line-up consisted of high school friends Russ Eckell (vocals), David Nenner (guitar), Travis Lockhart (bass), and Blake Silvea (drums).
The four were heavily influenced by funk metal bands such as Red Hot Chili Peppers and Rage Against the Machine, as well as Pearl Jam. Shortly after their formation, Nenner left the group to form Truth Be Told and was replaced by Greg Jung in 2000.
The quartet reworked their style, drawing from influences such as Tool and Muse. "We felt a need to avoid musical trends such as pop-punk, emo, and rap-metal," said Eckell. In 2002, the band was signed to DCide Records of Nothingface fame. The group began working on their self-titled debut, produced and engineered by Drew Mazurek (Linkin Park). Oddzar was released in 2004, four months after Greg Jung's departure from the band in May. They were replaced by Greg Loman.
“Abandoned Road” and "Spell," songs from the first album were featured on MTV's Road Rules in 2005.
In 2005, Travis Lockhart left Oddzar to pursue other interests. The band used Ellis Tinsley as a stand-in bassist before settling on University of Maryland student Trevor Olexy as their fourth member.
On November 19, 2007, Oddzar released a demo from their then untitled second album. The song was entitled “Ready the Chariot” and explored more progressive terrain than their earlier work.
In 2008 "Until it Does" a song from Oddzar's first album was used in the soundtrack of the eighth episode of The Real World: Hollywood, "Arrival and Departure."
Oddzar recorded their second album, tentatively entitled 'Rise' in late April 2008 at Mad Oak Studios in Allston, Massachusetts. The record was produced by Evan Anderson and engineered and mixed by Benny Grotto. The record was mastered in late September 2008 at Peerless Mastering (also in Boston, MA). It has been scheduled to be released on January 29, 2009 under the name Ready the Chariot.
On October 1, 2008, Oddzar released a track from their forthcoming records called D.O.D. (Dogs of Demikhov) on their Myspace page.
Allmusic has said the band is “well worth keeping an eye on.”
References
Heavy metal musical groups from Maryland
Kazakhstan Engineering (, Qazaqstandyq ınjınırıng) is a defense industry complex established by the Kazakhstan government to unite Kazakhstan's state owned defence industry companies. The headquarters of this group is in Nur-Sultan.
JSC National Company Kazakhstan Engineering (Kazakhstan Engineering) was established in accordance with the Decree of the Government of the Republic of Kazakhstan dated March 13, 2003 No. 244 “On Certain Issues of the Military-Industrial Complex of the Republic of Kazakhstan” in order to improve the management system of the country's defense-industrial complex, by incorporating defense industry enterprises and military factories of the Ministry of Defense of the Republic of Kazakhstan into the Company.
In October 2006, the state block of shares of the Company (100%) was transferred in payment of the authorized capital of Samruk Holding JSC.
In September 2009, a stake in the Company was transferred to the Ministry of Industry and Trade of the Republic of Kazakhstan for trust.
In June 2010, in order to improve the management system of the defense industry of the Republic of Kazakhstan, the stake in the Company was transferred to the Ministry of Defense of the Republic of Kazakhstan for trust.
In December 2016, a stake in the Company was transferred to the Ministry of Defense and Aerospace Industry of the Republic of Kazakhstan for trust management.
In accordance with the Decree of the Government of the Republic of Kazakhstan dated July 3, 2018 No. 405 “On Certain Issues of the Joint Stock Company“ National Company Kazakhstan Engineering ”, the block of shares of the Company was transferred to state ownership, the tenure of which was vested in the Ministry of Digital Development , defense and aerospace industry of the Republic of Kazakhstan.
In accordance with the Decree of the Government of the Republic of Kazakhstan dated July 12, 2019 No. 501 “On measures to implement the Decree of the President of the Republic of Kazakhstan dated June 17, 2019 No. 24“ On measures to further improve the public administration system of the Republic of Kazakhstan ”, the right to own and use the state block of shares of the Company transferred to the Ministry of Industry and Infrastructure Development of the Republic of Kazakhstan.
Strategic planning is organized taking into account the tasks that the state sets for the military-industrial complex, as well as taking into account documents of state planning of a higher level, in particular, the Development Strategy of Kazakhstan, the National Development Plan of the Republic of Kazakhstan and other important documents. The main directions of the Company's strategic development are set out in the Company's Development Plan for 2020-2029, approved by the Decree of the Government of the Republic of Kazakhstan dated December 25, 2019 No. 969.
References
External links
Manufacturing companies of Kazakhstan
Military of Kazakhstan
Government-owned companies of Kazakhstan
Defence companies of Kazakhstan
Manufacturing companies established in 2003
2003 establishments in Kazakhstan
Companies based in Astana
Calgary Foothills may refer to:
Calgary-Foothills (electoral district)
Calgary Foothills FC, a Canadian men's soccer team
Calgary Foothills WFC, a Canadian women's soccer team
Vyking (Harold Carl Everson) is a fictional character, a superhero in the Marvel Universe, member of the Strikeforce: Morituri. The character was created by Peter B. Gillis and Brent Anderson.
Publication history
Vyking (Harold Carl Everson) was created by writer Peter B. Gillis and artist Brent Anderson and debuted in Strikeforce: Morituri #1 (December 1986). The codename "Vyking" was introduced in issue #2. Vyking remained in the regular cast of the book, as the principal character and team leader, up until their sudden death in issue #6.
Fictional character biography
Harold Carl Everson was born in Alexandria, Virginia, the son of Justin and Hilary. Harold was an aspiring young writer, agonizing over how to best use their life and looking for a purpose. Some of their literary works received good reviews in their local network. After the Earth and its Paedia World Government began a savage war against the invading alien race known as the Horde, Everson decided to enlist in the Paedia emergency volunteers, based on an old biomass reactor plant, that was now utilized for junkyard, hospital and defense base. Their zealousness also earned them the nickname "Rabid Beaver" from their colleagues.
Still eager to contribute more to their country, Everson tested for the so-called "Morituri program" and was found genetically compatible, one of the precious few among thousands of applicants. The program subjected ordinary humans to a complicated scientific process and conferred them superhuman abilities, to be utilized as a weapon in the war of Earth against the Horde. However, a fatal flaw in the process also ensured the eventual death of its recipients, their organism invariably rejecting the process within a year of receiving, with always lethal results.
Despite their parents' pleas to back off from their decision to enlist to the program, which essentially signified suicide, Everson signed up for it. They had already been fascinated by the cause of the Morituri, after reading a comic book which detailed the adventures of the Black Watch, the first batch of volunteers (now dead) who had undergone the process and had achieved the first major victory of Earth against the Horde. In the Morituri base, Everson watched a video of one of the members of the Black Watch, Woody, and their horrific death due to the Morituri effect. In spite of this, they went on with their decision, partly because of the obligation they felt to defend their planet since they were compatible for the process, and partly because they wanted to write a book, recounting their experiences as a Morituri and immortalizing himself. They were the last member of the first generation of Strikeforce: Morituri to undergo the process.
The Garden
Everson, together with their teammates, were later taken to the Biowar Zone Alpha (nicknamed "the Garden"), a specially designed facility, filled with traps, which would help the Morituri manifest their superhuman powers quickly, under extreme pressure. During the test, several members of the team almost died, in the process of facing the perils of the Garden. Everson pleaded their Commander, Beth Nion, to abort the test. After their refusal, Everson grew paranoid and began believing that Nion had been either bought or replaced by the Horde, and wanted them all to be killed inside the Garden. In their panic, they developed the ability to sense their fellow Morituri (a process they called "imaging"), as well as the ability to reroute any form of energy.
After trying to help their teammates escape their traps, in vain, they sensed the console room into which Commander Nion was giving orders, behind a wall panel of the Garden. Mad with rage, they broke through the wall panel and attacked Nion, battering them However, the Morituri managed to come out of the test alive and their powers manifested. Everson was embarrassed for their outbreak and apologized to Nion. They then adopted the codename "Vyking", as a tribute to their father's Scandinavian roots.
Leadership
Vyking soon became the unofficial squad leader, thanks to their ability to give orders and form strategic plans. They also started growing closer to their teammate, Snapdragon. They also began recording their book in a recorder. In the team's first official mission, in Kramatorsk, Soviet Union, Vyking was initially paralyzed with fear, plagued by insecurities about their ability to lead. In the end, though, they pulled together and proved their leading skills, and the team triumphed.
Later, the team, by now internationally famous, was invited in a party in New York City, where they met the actors that would portray them in an upcoming soap opera. On their way there, Vyking began experiencing surges of power, a possible sign of the Morituri effect approaching. Terrifed, Vyking managed to suppress it. In the party, Vyking met the actor that depicted them in the series, Greg Mattingly. Vyking again proved their leading skills, when the team battled some Hordians who crushed the party. Shortly afterwards, however, they suffered their first casualty, when Snapdragon died of the Morituri effect.
Death
Sometime later, the team went for some time off in Holowood (21st-century Hollywood). While in a private party, Vyking sensed some Hordians being in the area, an indication that their powers were developing. Vyking left their recorder in the party and led the team to a secret group of Hordians who were stealing famous films from the movie archives of Los Angeles. They soon deduced that the highest earthbound warlord of the Horde had ordered a nuclear strike on L.A. and these Hordians were stealing the movies to later sell them in the black market for profit. Under Vyking's guidance, the team commandeered their ship and decided to move to the Horde fleet in orbit and strike there. En route to the Horde fleet, however, the Morituri effect caught up with Vyking and they exploded in a flash of light. Their recorder was later given to new Morituri Commander, Yuri Pogorelich, to be listened to for possible valuable information.
Powers and abilities
Vyking had the ability to redirect/reroute energy attacks, albeit they never perfected this skill. They could also detect other lifeforms and their specific states, a process they called "imaging". Initially, they could sense only those who had undergone the Morituri process. However, later they could also sense the Hordians, possibly because they had been familiarized with them after fighting them repeatedly and/or because of the natural development of their abilities. As a by-product of the Morituri process, like all Morituri, they also possessed enhanced strength and resilience.
References
Comics characters introduced in 1986
Marvel Comics characters with superhuman strength
Marvel Comics male superheroes
Marvel Comics superheroes
Strikeforce: Morituri
Elizabeth Finch may refer to:
Elizabeth Younger (1699–1762), married name Elizabeth Finch, actor
Elizabeth Finch, 1st Countess of Winchilsea (1556–1634), English peeress
See also
Elisabeth R. Finch, American TV writer
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Paul in Alberta () is a Latin Church ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Catholic Church that includes part of the civil province of Alberta. On September 15, 2022, Gary Anthony Franken, was appointed Bishop of Saint Paul, succeeding Paul Terrio.
As of 2018, the diocese contains 20 parishes and 21 missions, 18 active diocesan priests, 6 religious priests, 8 permanent deacons, and approximately 104,000 Catholics. It also has 13 women religious. The Diocese of Saint Paul in Alberta is a suffragan diocese in the ecclesiastical province of the metropolitan Archdiocese of Edmonton.
Bishops
The following is a list of the bishops of the diocese and their terms of service:
Maurice Baudoux (1948–1952), appointed Coadjutor Archbishop of Saint-Boniface, Manitoba
(1952–1968)
Édouard Gagnon (1969–1972)
(1972–1997)
Thomas Collins (1997–1999); appointed Coadjutor Archbishop of Edmonton; was Apostolic Administrator here in 2001; future Cardinal
Luc-André Bouchard (2001–2012), appointed Bishop of Trois-Rivières, Québec
Paul Terrio (2012–2022)
Gary Anthony Franken (2022–present)
Coadjutor bishop
Thomas Collins (1997); future Cardinal
List of parishes
There are 20 parishes within the diocese.
St. Paul Cathedral, St. Paul, Alberta
Rector: Gérard Gauthier
Associate Rector: André Semusambi
Deacon: Greg Ouellette
St. Michael, Elk Point, Alberta
Pastor: Gérard Gauthier
Deacon: Mitch Goulet
St. Gabriel, Athabasca, Alberta
Pastor: Paulson Kannanaikal, cmi
St. Anne, Barrhead, Alberta
Mission of St. John the Evangelist, Swan Hills, Alberta
Pastor: John Rohit VC, ims
St. Louis, Bonnyville, Alberta
Pastor: Rene Realuyo
St. Alphonsus, Boyle, Alberta
Mission of Holy Rosary, Buffalo Lake Métis Settlement, Alberta
Pastor:
St. Dominic, Cold Lake, Alberta
Mission of Our Lady of the Assumption, Cold Lake, Alberta
Pastor: Limneo Zamora Jr. (Fr. Nong)
St. John the Baptist, Fort McMurray, Alberta
Mission of St. Gabriel, Janvier, Alberta
Mission of St. Vincent, Conklin, Alberta
Pastor: Augustine Joseph, cmi
Associate Pastor: Antony Thomas, ims
Deacon: Raymond Chan
St. Paul Church, Fort McMurray, Alberta
Mission of Nativity of Blessed Virgin Mary, Fort Chipewyan, Alberta
Mission of St. Julien, Fort MacKay, Alberta
Pastor: Francis of Assisi Khai Phan
Associate Pastor: Jayson Durante
St. Catherine, Lac La Biche, Alberta
Mission of Immaculate Heart of Mary, Kikino, Alberta
Pastor: Aureus Manjares
Deacon: Pat Murphy
Deacon: Gordon Taylor
St. Raphael, LeGoff, Alberta
Mission of St. Marguerite d'Youville, Elizabeth Métis Settlement, Alberta
Mission of Our Lady of Good Counsel, Frog Lake Reserve, Alberta
Mission of St. Eugene, Fishing Lake, Alberta
Pastor: Thomas Dieu Hoang Nguyen
St. Emile, Legal, Alberta
Pastor: Anselmo Landoy
St. Jean de Brebeuf, Mallaig, Alberta
Mission of St. Helen, St. Lina, Alberta
Mission of Our Lady of Mercy, Kehewin, Alberta
Pastor: Raldy Jhack Diaz (Fr. Jhack)
St. Jean Baptiste, Morinville, Alberta
Pastor: Trini C. Pinca
St. Isidore, Plamondon, Alberta
Mission of St. Theresa of the Child Jesus, Breynat, Alberta
Pastor: Jestoni Porras
Deacon: Jerry Metz
St. Laurent, Brosseau, Alberta
Pastor:
St. Matthias, Goodfish Lake, Alberta
Mission of Sacred Heart, Saddle Lake, Alberta
Pastor:
St. Anne, Thorhild, Alberta
Mission of Our Lady of the Atonement, Smoky Lake, Alberta
Mission of St. Joseph, Radway, Alberta
Pastor: Sebastian Chittilappilly, cmi
St. Mary of Assumption, Westlock, Alberta
Mission of St. Finnan, Dapp, Alberta
Mission of St. Patrick, Clyde, Alberta
Pastor: Ambrose Umeohanna, smmm
St. Joseph, Whitecourt, Alberta
Mission of Our Lady of Peace, Fox Creek, Alberta
Pastor: Benjamin Belgica
References
Bibliography
Diocese of Saint Paul in Alberta page at catholichierarchy.org retrieved July 14, 2006
External links
Saint Paul
Religious sees in Alberta
County of St. Paul No. 19
{{Infobox college coach
| image = Chris Lemonis in 2016.jpg
| caption = Lemonis in 2016 with Indiana.
| current_title = Head coach
| current_team = Mississippi State
| current_conference = SEC
| current_record = 140–67
| contract = $1,250,000
| birth_date =
| birth_place = Starkville, Mississippi
| death_date =
| death_place =
| player_years1 = 1990–1993
| player_team1 = The Citadel
| player_positions = First baseman
| coach_years1 = 1995–2006
| coach_team1 = The Citadel (assistant)
| coach_years2 = 2007–2014
| coach_team2 = Louisville (assistant)
| coach_years3 = 2015–2018
| coach_team3 = Indiana
| coach_years4 = 2019–present
| coach_team4 = Mississippi State
| overall_record =
| bowl_record =
| tournament_record = NCAA:
| championships = As head coach:
College World Series (2021)
SEC West Division (2019)
As assistant coach:
4× SoCon regular season (1995, 1999, 2001, 2004)
5× SoCon Tournament (1995, 1998, 1999, 2001, 2004)
| awards = As head coach:
ABCA/ATEC National Collegiate Coach of the Year (2021)
ABCA/ATEC NCAA Div.I South Regional Coach of the Year (2021)
As assistant coach:
ABCA/Baseball America Assistant Coach of the Year (2013)
As player:
2× second-team All-SoCon (1991, 1993)
| coaching_records =
}}
Christopher Michael Lemonis (born January 22, 1970) is an American college baseball coach, currently serving as head coach of the Mississippi State Bulldogs baseball team.
Lemonis grew up in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. They played college baseball as a first baseman at The Citadel, where they appeared with the team in the 1990 College World Series. They later earned All-SoCon honors twice and led the team in several offensive categories as a senior in 1993.
In 1995, Lemonis began their coaching career as an assistant coach for The Citadel, a position they would hold until 2006. During their time on staff, The Citadel qualified for the NCAA Tournament five times and had seven All-American players. From 2007 to 2014, Lemonis was an assistant coach at Louisville, helping Louisville make seven NCAA Tournament appearances including the 2007 College World Series. In 2013, Lemonis won Assistant Coach of the Year honors from the American Baseball Coaches Association and Baseball America.
Lemonis held their first head coaching position at Indiana from 2015 to 2018, during which Indiana had 141 wins and three NCAA Tournament appearances. Beginning in 2019, Lemonis was head coach at Mississippi State. After appearing in the 2019 College World Series, Mississippi State won the 2021 College World Series title, the first national championship in any sport for the school.
Early life and education
Lemonis was born January 22, 1970, in Starkville, Mississippi, when their father Thomas was a student at Mississippi State University. Growing up with a Greek American family in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, Lemonis graduated from Socastee High School in 1988.
After high school, Lemonis enrolled at The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina. Initially majoring in electrical engineering like their father, Lemonis changed their major to physical education one year into college, a move that worried their father. Lemonis played at first base for The Citadel Bulldogs baseball from 1990 to 1993 under head coaches Chal Port and Fred Jordan, including an appearance in the 1990 College World Series. A two-time All-Southern Conference second team selection in 1991 and 1993, Lemonis hit .367 with 10 home runs and 66 RBI as a senior in 1993. Lemonis completed their bachelor's degree in physical education at The Citadel in 1992.
Coaching career
Assistant coach (1995–2014)
From 1995 to 2006, Lemonis was an assistant coach at The Citadel under Fred Jordan, including four seasons as associate head coach from 2003 to 2006. With Lemonis on staff, The Citadel appeared in the NCAA Tournament five times and produced seven All-Americans.
On June 30, 2006, Lemonis joined fellow Citadel alum Dan McDonnell at Louisville as an assistant coach. At Louisville, Lemonis helped the Cardinals to three College World Series appearances and seven NCAA appearances in eight seasons. Lemonis was responsible for recruiting and worked with hitters at Louisville, producing 33 professional players, several highly ranked recruiting classes, and three fifty win seasons. In 2013, they were named the American Baseball Coaches Association/Baseball America'' Assistant Coach of the Year.
Indiana (2015–2018)
On July 24, 2014, Lemonis got their first head coaching job at Indiana, a rising program with two straight Big Ten Conference championships and a College World Series appearance in the previous two seasons. In their first season with the Hoosiers during the 2015 NCAA Division I baseball season, they went 35–24 (12–10 in the Big Ten) in the regular season. Lemonis would lead the Hoosiers to the NCAA Regionals before being defeated by Vanderbilt in the second round.
In their second season with the Hoosiers, Lemonis finished the 2016 season 32–24 overall and 15–9 in conference play. Lemonis and the Hoosiers would be invited to the Big Ten Tournament where they would eventually lose to Maryland, in the second round.
Following the conclusion of the 2017 regular season, Lemonis and the Hoosiers would finish the season 34–24–2 overall and 14–9–1 in conference play. After a second round exit in the 2017 Big Ten Tournament, the Hoosiers would be invited to the 2017 NCAA Tournament, in the Lexington Regional. Indiana would eventually be eliminated from the regional, following a loss to Kentucky.
Lemonis and their Hoosiers would finish the 2018 regular season 40–19 overall and 14–9 in conference play; the Hoosiers' 40 wins is Lemonis' highest win total in a season in their 4-year tenure with Indiana. Finishing 5th in the Big Ten, the Hoosiers would fall in the second round of the 2018 Big Ten Tournament to Illinois. Lemonis' Hoosiers would then be selected to play in the 2018 NCAA Tournament, beginning in the Austin Regional. The Hoosiers would eventually lose in the final round of the Austin Regional to Texas by a score of 2–3.
Mississippi State (2019–present)
On June 25, 2018, Mississippi State announced the hiring Lemonis as head baseball coach, formally ending Lemonis' tenure with the Hoosiers.
In their first season in 2019, Lemonis led Mississippi State to a 52–15 record and College World Series appearance. Lemonis set a new record for wins for a first-year Southeastern Conference (SEC) head coach and the third SEC head baseball coach to advance to the College World Series in their first season. Lemonis followed the 2019 season with a 12–4 start to 2020 before the season was canceled due to COVID-19.
In their third season, Lemonis led Mississippi State to a 50–18 record and the 2021 College World Series title, the first team national championship in Mississippi State sports history.
Head coaching record
See also
List of current NCAA Division I baseball coaches
References
External links
Mississippi State biography
1970 births
Living people
People from Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
The Citadel Bulldogs baseball players
The Citadel Bulldogs baseball coaches
Indiana Hoosiers baseball coaches
Louisville Cardinals baseball coaches
Mississippi State Bulldogs baseball coaches
Baseball players from South Carolina
Sportspeople from Starkville, Mississippi
Baseball players from Mississippi
Baseball first basemen
Baseball coaches from South Carolina
Baseball coaches from Mississippi
American people of Greek descent
Larry Harrison (born February 28, 1955) is an American basketball coach currently serving as associate head coach to Bob Huggins at West Virginia University. Harrison was formerly the head men's basketball coach at the University of Hartford. They resigned at the end of the 2006, after a season in which they were named America East Conference Coach of the Year. They have been with the Mountaineers since 2007.
Head coaching record
References
External links
WVU Profile
1955 births
Living people
American Eagles men's basketball coaches
American men's basketball coaches
American men's basketball players
Basketball coaches from North Carolina
Basketball players from North Carolina
Cincinnati Bearcats men's basketball coaches
DePaul Blue Demons men's basketball coaches
Hartford Hawks men's basketball coaches
High school basketball coaches in the United States
Sportspeople from Greenville, North Carolina
Pittsburgh Panthers men's basketball players
Point guards
Friends & Relatives is a compilation album released by Eagle Records and Purple Pyramid (US) in 1999.
The album features songs from various artists that have a common linkage to Electric Light Orchestra, such as The Move and Wizzard.
Track listing
Audio CD
References
Albums produced by Jeff Lynne
Albums produced by Roy Wood
Progressive rock compilation albums
1999 compilation albums
Madrepora cristata is an unaccepted scientific name and may refer to two species of corals:
Lobophyllia hemprichii as described by Esper, 1789
Pavona cactus as described by Ellis & Solander
Dunkirk is a residential area of Nottingham, England which is located to the south-east of the University of Nottingham and the Queen's Medical Centre. It is in the electoral ward of 'Dunkirk and Lenton', part of the Nottingham South constituency, with a population of 10,920 in the 2011 census.
While home to many permanent residents of Nottingham, the area also houses numerous students, including many international students, mainly from east and south-east Asia. The area has become increasingly popular in the last decade due to its proximity to the university.
Dunkirk has a nursery, primary school and the Nottingham University Academy of Science and Technology; socially, there is the Old Lenton and Dunkirk Community Centre.
Dunkirk also has a small industrial area, next to the Nottingham Canal. Nottingham Science and Technology Park, Nottingham Science Park, is also located in Dunkirk.
There is a large cinema and entertainment centre across the canal from Dunkirk, adjacent to Clifton Boulevard (A52 road).
Demography
Dunkirk has a population of just over 10,000, with the average household size being 2.90, and the population density per hectare is 20.90.
Dunkirk is ethnically mixed, with 60% of the people being White British and 40% being from various countries such as: 5.1% from Iran, 4.7% from India, 3.69% from Pakistan, 6.05% from China, 3.6% from Africa, 3.5% from the Caribbean and 2% from the Arab World.
36.3% of the population consider themselves Christian, 10.3% consider themselves Muslim, 2.8% are Hindu, 1.2% are Jewish, 1.9% are Buddhist and 1.4% are Sikh.
60.4% of the people are aged between 16-24 and 11.5% are 30-44, highlighting Dunkirk's high student population due to its proximity to Nottingham's University Park Campus.
Healthcare
The Queens Medical Centre is an accident and emergency hospital situated in the area. Until 2012, the QMC was the largest hospital in the United Kingdom; it continues to be the largest teaching hospital in Europe. The hospital employs over 6,000 people and the total floor area of the main block is 30 square miles.
The QMC has an overhead bridge to the University of Nottingham main campus. Inside the QMC there is a hotel, academy, Costa, clothes shops and Amigos.
There is a stop for the Nottingham Express Tram at the Queen's Medical Centre.
Economy
Dunkirk is situated in an important economical zone for Greater Nottingham; along with neighbouring Beeston Rylands, it is home to a number of international and regional headquarters such as Games Workshop, Experian, Black Horse, CIS, Abbeyfield Estates, Specsavers, Arck, Coutts, Zurich, HSBC, Speedo, Bank of England, tcp, HBOS plc and Vision Express.
Retail
Dunkirk's surrounding area is home to two retail parks, Castle Marina Retail Park and Riverside Retail Park. Castle Marina Retail Park is filled with a number of high-profile furniture shops, Costa, PC World, Sainsbury's and several eateries. Riverside Retail Park has a B&Q megastore, Next and Boots as well as a few high street units.
There are also a number of car dealerships, including Porsche, Maserati and Ferrari.
Neighbouring areas
Lenton to the north and east.
Beeston to the west and south-west.
Transport
References
Areas of Nottingham
The New England Pro Wrestling Hall of Fame and Fan Fest is an American professional wrestling hall of fame. It was established in January 2008 to honor select wrestling personalities who have made significant contributions to professional wrestling in New England and the Northeastern United States.
History
The idea for the hall of fame was conceived by Joseph Bruen, a longtime ring announcer and promoter in Massachusetts, who felt that wrestling personalities from the New England region, both regional and national, should be recognized for their achievements in pro wrestling. Inductees receive a commemorative plaque that have their names inscribed on it with the date of their induction into the hall of fame. The original Class of 2008 were inducted by Bruen's APCW Ringwars promotion; the induction ceremonies were featured at three supercards over the course of the year – Battleclash (March 29), Battlebowl (August 23), and Thanksgiving Meltdown (November 9) – all held at the American Legion in Seekonk, Massachusetts.
APCW Battleclash (March 29, 2008) – Reverend Chain Branagan, Robbie Ellis, Sandy Starr, Cody Boyns, "Iceburg" Sonny Dee, Travis Funk, Anthony Rufo, Gary Gold, and Bert Centeno.
ACPW Battlebowl (August 23, 2008) – Shane Simons, Tommy Degnan, "Sweet" Scott Ashworth, Brickhouse Baker, Lobsterman Jeff Costa, Rich Palladino, Jose Perez, and Terry Allen.
APCW Thanksgiving Meltdown (November 9, 2008) – Bill Hardy, Danny Cama, Derek Molhan, Gary Apollo, Mark Amaral, Rip Morrison, "Chief" Dave Fox, Tony Rumble, and Walter "Killer" Kowalski.
Starting in 2009, the induction ceremonies have taken place at an annual banquet dinner at the Brotherhood of the Holy Ghost Charity Hall (Brightridge Club) in East Providence, Rhode Island. 2010 saw the first of the "fan fests", a two-day event in which inductees and special guests could interact with the fans, as well as the banquet dinner; one of the evening's highlights was the induction of the Savoldi wrestling family which included a speech from Angelo Savoldi who, at 95 years old, was the world's oldest living wrestler at the time. In addition to the hall of fame inductees, the event has also featured many wrestling stars at its "fan fest" weekend participating as guest speakers as well as autograph signings and Q&A sessions. The 2011 edition, for example, was hosted by longtime World Wrestling Federation ring announcer Howard Finkel and was attended by former inductees Ox Baker (2009) and "Dangerous" Danny Davis (2010) as well as Short Sleeve Sampson, The Iron Sheik, Brutus "The Barber" Beefcake, Doink the Clown, Paul Bearer, Tammy Lynn Sytch, Rosita, Balls Mahoney, Axl Rotten, Shane Douglas, Duane Gill, Armando Estrada, Kenny Dykstra, Jay Lethal, Antonio Thomas, and manager Johnny Fabulous. The Class of 2011 included Georgiann Makropoulos, Samula Anoa'i, Tito Santana, Rick Martel, and Chief Jay Strongbow; former WWF World Heavyweight Champion Bob Backlund made a surprise appearance during the second half of the induction ceremony. Jamison, a 1980s wrestling personality best remembered as the hapless television sidekick of Bobby "The Brain" Heenan on WWF Primetime Wrestling, made their first-ever appearance at a wrestling event to receive the "Most Entertaining Personality Award".
The New England Pro Wrestling Hall of Fame has recognized wrestling personalities from a number of different organizations from the "territory-era" World Wide Wrestling Federation, International World Class Championship Wrestling, Killer Kowalski's International Wrestling Federation, and Big Time Wrestling to modern-day "indy" promotions such as the All-Star Wrestling, Century Wrestling Alliance, Chaotic Wrestling, the Millennium Wrestling Federation, New England Championship Wrestling, New England Wrestling Alliance, Power League Wrestling, PWF Northeast, South Coast Championship Wrestling, and Yankee Pro Wrestling. Organizations from the East Coast of the United States have also been acknowledged including the East Coast Wrestling Association, Extreme Championship Wrestling, the House of Pain Wrestling Federation, New England Championship Wrestling, as well as the National Wrestling Alliance and World Wrestling Entertainment. , it was Rhode Island's first and only wrestling convention, and the largest event in the New England region. A third New England Pro Wrestling Hall of Fame and Fan Fest was announced for June 9, 2012, however, it has since been postponed until the summer of 2013.
Special awards
Inductees
Footnotes
– Entries without a birth name indicates that the inductee did not perform under a ring name.
– This section mainly lists the major accomplishments of each inductee in New England.
– Wrestler was originally inducted as part of the inaugural Class of 2008 ceremonies but was unable to attend; their "official" ceremony took place at the 2009 edition of the New England Pro Wrestling Hall of Fame.
See also
List of professional wrestling conventions
List of professional wrestling halls of fame
References
External links
Promotional video for the 2010 New England Pro Wrestling Hall of Fame and Fan Fest Weekend
New England Pro Wrestling Hall of Fame at CoonsPhotography.com
2008 establishments in the United States
Awards established in 2008
Professional wrestling halls of fame
Halls of fame in Rhode Island
Organizations based in Providence, Rhode Island
Professional wrestling-related lists
Fararu is a private news agency in Iran. Its purpose is to improve the free dissemination of information and enhance the national interests of Iran.
It is ranked among the top 100 websites in Iran.
References
External links
News agencies based in Iran
Mass media in Tehran
Get Fit with Mel B is a fitness video game developed by Lightning Fish and released for all three major seventh-generation consoles: the PlayStation 3, Wii and Xbox 360, utilizing each console's advanced motion control accessory (PlayStation Move, Wii MotionPlus and Kinect, respectively) for fitness gameplay.
The game is licensed by Fitness First. A localization of the Xbox 360 version for North America was cancelled, and such a version was only released in the PAL regions.
Gameplay
Get Fit with Mel B is a fitness game and successor to Lightning Fish‘s NewU Fitness First Personal Trainer (rebranded by Ubisoft as My Fitness Coach 2: Exercise and Nutrition for the US release) and NewU Fitness First Mind Body, Yoga & Pilates Workout with Melanie Brown as the player's fitness coach.
Similar to its predecessors, the player creates a profile based on their weight, height, age, and diet. The daily workouts are generated based on what the player has selected while creating their profile. Players have the option to select individual exercises to perform. A selection of recipes is also included in the game.
Unlike the previous NewU games, the player does not have the option of teachers to choose from and can only be coached by Mel B.
All three versions of the game utilize advanced motion controller accessories, which are mandatory in the two non-Wii versions due to their native controllers not being designed for full-body motion control. In addition to providing optional compatibility with the Wii MotionPlus, the Wii version also supports the Wii Balance Board.
References
2010 video games
Fitness games
Kinect games
Video games based on musicians
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation Move-compatible games
PlayStation Move-only games
Sony Interactive Entertainment games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Wii games
Xbox 360 games
Mel B
Mel B
Mel B
Video games based on real people
Black people in art
Deep Silver games
Single-player video games
Black Bean Games games
Sowchea Bay Provincial Park is a provincial park in central British Columbia, Canada. It is on Stuart Lake, west of Prince George. The park is 13 hectares in area. It is a busy destination for boaters and anglers, with a single lane concrete boat launch available with limited parking.
References
External links
Official site
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Omineca Country
Protected areas established in 1989
1989 establishments in British Columbia
VeggieBoards is one of the largest and most active internet
forums for vegetarians and vegans. Typical forum topics include issues relating to
vegetarianism, veganism, animal welfare, animal rights, the
environment, health, physical fitness and recipes. As of June 2012, the forum had over 48,000 registered members and
more than 3 million posts. In May 2012, VeggieBoards changed ownership for the first time since its creation. It is now owned by Huddler.
History
VeggieBoards was launched in December 2000. The first big group of members came from the message board at Vegan Outreach that went defunct early in 2001. The next
big wave of new members came in April 2003 when the message board at VegWeb closed down and the members were encouraged to sign up with
Veggieboards. Initially the forum software was UBB.classic, but it was replaced with vBulletin some time between 2001-2002. All user accounts were lost in the process, so the users had to sign up again.
Recognition, criticism and the media
Reviews and opinions on the site were generally positive, highlighting the "good (though juvenile) conversations" and the large group of regular posters.
Posts from VeggieBoards have also been quoted in the mainstream media.
VeggieBoards has been nominated for the VegNews magazine's Veggie
Awards several times, most recently in 2009.
See also
List of Internet forums
References
External links
VeggieBoards
ForumAmca
Internet forums
Vegetarian publications and websites
Veganism
Vegetarian communities
Internet properties established in 2000
Kim Hye-jeong (Hangul: 김혜정; born 3 January 1998) is a South Korean badminton player. They have shown their potential as a badminton player since they were young. Kim entered the regular training in the second grade of elementary school in Wanwol-dong, Masan, and was part of the school team that won the junior national championships in 2008. They won two times German Junior Open in 2014 and 2015 in the girls' doubles event, and clinched two titles at the 2015 Thailand Open in the girls' and mixed doubles event. Kim was part of the national junior team that won the mixed team silver medal at the 2014 and 2015 Asian Junior Championships, and in the individual event, they claim the mixed doubles bronze in 2014, and 2015 silver and bronze medals in the girls' and mixed doubles event respectively. At the 2016 World Junior Championships, they finished in the semifinals, and settled for the bronze medal. Kim joined the MG Saemaeul team in 2016, and selected to join the national team in 2018. They were born in the badminton family. Them mother Chung So-young, was the former 1992 Olympic gold medalist, and their father Kim Bum-shik, is a badminton coach.
Achievements
BWF World Junior Championships
Mixed doubles
Asian Junior Championships
Girls' doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF World Tour (2 titles, 3 runners-up)
The BWF World Tour, which was announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF). The BWF World Tours are divided into levels of World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Women's doubles
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Sportspeople from South Gyeongsang Province
South Korean female badminton players
Martha's Vineyard Museum (MV Museum), originally named the "Dukes County Historical Society," is a historical and cultural museum located in Vineyard Haven and founded in 1922.
History
The founders of the MV Museum acquired revolutionary era documents, realizing the historical importance of the documents they started a collection and an organization, the Dukes County Historical Society.
In 1996, the Society changed its name to the Martha's Vineyard Historical Society to reflect an emphasis on Martha's Vineyard. In 2006, the organization decided to change the name from the Martha's Vineyard Historical Society to the Martha's Vineyard Museum. In 2019, the Martha's Vineyard Museum completed its move from its Edgartown campus to its new location: a refurbished and expanded 1895 marine medical facility in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts.
Gallery
References
Art museums and galleries in Massachusetts
Martha's Vineyard
Buildings and structures in Tisbury, Massachusetts
Tourist attractions in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts
Museums in Dukes County, Massachusetts
CDSP may refer to:
China Democratic Socialist Party, a former political party in China
Church Divinity School of the Pacific, a seminary in the United States
Asokore is a town in the New Juaben Municipal District of the Eastern Region of Ghana.
References
See also
Populated places in the Eastern Region (Ghana)
TV Novel: Eunhui (), or Eun-hee, is a 2013 South Korean morning soap opera starring Kyung Soo-jin, Lee In, Choi Yoon-so and Jung Mi-jin. It aired on KBS2 from June 24, 2013 to January 3, 2014 on Mondays to Fridays at 9:00 a.m. for 140 episodes.
Plot
A day before the Korean War breaks out in 1950, a man is murdered. This event triggers repercussions in three families, as four young people struggle with love and forgiveness.
Kim Eun-hee's father was falsely accused of the murder, and dies tragically as a result. Since then, Eun-hee has been shunned by their fellow villagers.
Im Sung-jae has always been in love with Eun-hee, but the past threatens to tear them apart. Since their father's death, Sung-jae was ironically rescued and raised as a son by the real killer, Cha Seok-goo.
Seok-goo's daughter, Cha Young-joo, is arrogant and smart, and has feelings for Sung-jae. Them jealousy drives them to try to break up their relationship with Eun-hee.
Choi Jung-tae is also in love with Eun-hee, but they accept that they care for someone else.
Cast
Main characters
Kyung Soo-jin as Kim Eun-hee
Lee In as Im Sung-jae
Jung Yoo-geun as young Sung-jae
Choi Yoon-so as Cha Young-joo
Jung Min-jin as Choi Jung-tae
Supporting characters
Lee Dae-yeon as Kim Hyung-man
Kim Hye-sun as Han Jung-ok
Hong Il-kwon as Im Deok-soo
Ban Hyo-jung as Lee Geum-soon
Choi Joon-yong as Lee Baek-soo
Jung So-hee as Shin Haeng-ja
Park Chan-hwan as Cha Seok-goo
Hwang Mi-seon as Kang Gil-rye
Choi Joo-bong as Captain Go
Chae Min-hee as Go Soon-deok
Son Jong-bum as Hong Sam-bong
Kim Bo-mi as Kim Hyung-sook / Lola Kim
Lee Ha-yool as Choi Myung-ho
Jo Byung-ki as Kang Jae-pil
Kang Kyung-hun as Madam Jung
Kim Min-kyung as Mi-kyung
Ban Sang-yoon as Nub-chi
Lee In-chul as President Shin
Im Ji-young as Miss Park
Kim Tae-rin as Jung-sook
Yoo Jae-hyun as Yang Ah Chi
Seo Hye-jin as Miss Go
Choi Ro-woon as Seung-mo
Awards and nominations
References
External links
TV Novel: Eunhui official KBS website
TV Novel: Eunhui at KBS World
2013 South Korean television series debuts
2014 South Korean television series endings
Korean Broadcasting System television dramas
Korean-language television shows
South Korean romance television series
South Korean melodrama television series
The West Marion Historic District is a historic district in the city of Marion, Alabama. The historic district is bounded by West Lafayette, Washington, College, Margin streets, and Murfree Avenue. It features examples of Colonial Revival, Craftsman, Greek Revival, and regional vernacular architecture. It spans and contains 108 contributing properties. One contributing building of special significance is Reverie. The district was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 22, 1993.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Perry County, Alabama
Historic districts in Perry County, Alabama
Colonial Revival architecture in Alabama
Greek Revival architecture in Alabama
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
Marion, Alabama
is a Nintendo DS role-playing video game published by Square Enix. It is the sequel to Dragon Quest Monsters: Joker and is the fifth game in the Dragon Quest Monsters series. It was released in Japan on April 28, 2010, with a United States release on September 19, 2011, with a European release following on October 7, 2011. An expanded version of the game, titled Dragon Quest Monsters: Joker 2 Professional, was released on March 31, 2011. It features new monsters and abilities, with the same story.
Gameplay
Joker 2's gameplay follows closely to its predecessor. Players explore areas and tame wild monsters into their party. Monsters fight in turn-based combat and grow stronger. The battle system itself is very similar to previous Dragon Quest Monsters games. The player controls up to three monsters that make up the party, and can issue them direct orders or set them to one of 4 AI settings. This game features two new monster sizes: large monsters, which use up two spaces on one of the player's two benches, and gargantuan monsters, who take up an entire bench on their own. The main character, who is henceforth referred to as the Hero, does not directly participate in battles except for when the player uses items. They can, however, use any item in their possession and not just the ones 'in hand'. 311 monsters from the Dragon Quest games appear in Joker 2, with a few new species, many from the original "Dragon Warrior Monsters" games This is the second game in the series to feature Wi-Fi support, after the first Joker game, and the first to support direct battling between players.
Square Enix released Joker 2 Professional, an expanded version of the game, on March 31, 2011. Professional features over 100 new monsters, as well as new regions and abilities, but the same story. Players are able to import their old monsters from the original game.
Joker 2 has Wi-Fi support and Square Enix has announced that up to eight players can connect to each other. The players can then battle their monster teams against each other in real time. The game will also keep track of the best players through leaderboards.
Plot
The protagonist is a boy who wants to become the world's greatest monster tamer, so they become a stowaway inside a container on an airship going to the Monster Scout Challenge. The boy is caught, but captain Rex Mayday lets the boy stay if they work on the ship. Before they can do that, however, the airship crashes on an unknown island. The hero awakens and then sets out to find the survivors of the crash. During their search, they travel into the forest of Treepidation and encounters an enormous worm.
They rescue a passenger from inside the monster, finding a strange medal as well. They then travels to a plains area known as the Doubtback. There, they find another gargantuan monster, as well as what they believe is the ghost of Rex Mayday, the ship's captain; the ghost tells them to win the monster scout challenge. Soon after, they find a cave filled with moles, and their leader, Don Mole, tells them after seeing the medal that they are hosting a monster scout challenge that the Hero will enter. When the challenge begins, the Hero enters and wins the first rank, prompting Don Mole to direct them to a glacier area called Iceolation. The Hero there finds another giant monster, as well as more passengers.
After winning another rank on the challenge, the Hero is sent by Don Mole to the alpine area of Cragravation. There, they find another giant monster, another passenger, and Captain Mayday. Mayday tells the Hero how to get to another area, Unshore; they find another giant monster there, as well as another ghost of a passenger who is still alive. Afterwards, Don Mole instructs the Hero to seek out the Medal of Merit in the Bemusoleum ruins, which they will need to take on the final rank of the monster scout challenge. Meeting another ghost and giant monster, the Hero finds the medal; when they return to the challenge arena, they are met by a ghost who tells them that the moles of the island are charged with a sacred duty to find the one who could resurrect the Divine Battler, Leonyx. The humans who used to live on the island had corrupted them centuries prior into the malevolynx, which was then sealed into the Necropolis in the Bemusoleum before they fled the island; the ghosts the Hero had encountered were some of the spirits of those killed by the malevolynx.
The hero journeys and defeats the malevolynx; after they do, a monster called the Countess from the airship merges with the fiend to form Leonyx. They explain that the Countess was Leonyx's spirit, which was searching for a champion to heal it, and which by passing near the malevolynx caused the storm that crashed the ship. With Leonyx resurrected, the Hero's work on the island is finished. Lenoyx sends one of the giant monsters to take the airship off the island, and the Hero finally arrives at the original tournament. They easily succeed in reaching the final round, where they face Solitaire and win. After the main game is completed, they return to the island to continue training. Numerous sidequests and challenges are opened to the player, which lead to the player confronting and defeating the evil spirit, Rigor Mortex, which had corrupted Leonyx.
Development
Game producer Taichi Inuzuka noted during the design phase that the presence of giant monsters such as Bjorn would give the game an “impressive” feel. Player versus player combat was added after fans expressed a great desire for it in the original Jokers game, and also to help enhance the games play time, though development of the feature was constant and difficult. Using the detailed artwork of Akira Toriyama, it was not hard to decide how statistically powerful each monster in the game would be.
Reception
The game sold 1.2 million copies by July 2010. It was the top-selling game for Square Enix for the April to September period of 2010, the highest-selling game in Japan for the month of May, and the sixth-highest selling game in Japan for all of 2010.
The game received a 37 out of 40 from Famitsu, with one reviewer giving it a 10 and the other three awarding it a 9. IGN called the monster synthesis system “pure, addictive fun”, praising the excitement of catching hard to obtain monsters, though unlike Pokémon, there are fewer options for trying to obtain difficult to find or rare creatures. GameSpot praised the titles visuals as “surprisingly detailed”, and commented on the superb translation and its comedic dialogue. Game Informer noted that monster catching games could be a repetitive genre, but this title rewards players patience with skill points, dungeons, and enemy boss battles. Games Radar took an opposite view, saying of the games story “is so shopworn it's hard to take seriously”, and also complained of “stilted” dialogue and bad jokes. Nintendo Life called the game an iterative improvement over the original Joker title, mostly focused on modifying gameplay mechanics such as players switching our their monsters during battle. The reviewer also made clear that if players love catching and combining monsters, the “real fun” begins after the games story ends as many gameplay options then become available.
Sequel
On March 24, 2016, six years after the second game was released, Dragon Quest Monsters Joker 3 was released in Japan, No official English release has been announced; however, fan translations have been made which can be installed on Japanese copies of the game.
References
External links
Official North American website
Official website
Role-playing video games
Multiplayer online games
Nintendo games
Square Enix games
Nintendo DS-only games
Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection games
Nintendo DS games
Tose (company) games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
2010 video games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games scored by Koichi Sugiyama
Video games set on fictional islands
Dragon Quest Monsters
Valentinryggen is a mountain ridge in Oscar II Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. The ridge is located in the southern part of Carlsfjella and has a length of about 4.5 kilometers. Its highest point is 698 m.a.s.l. The ridge is named after Russian scientist Valentin Nikolaevich Sokolov.
References
Mountains of Spitsbergen
Global Reinsurance (GR) is a financial magazine for insurance and reinsurance professionals.
History
Global Reinsurance magazine was formed in 1990 by the Kean family owned, The Winchester Group, a publishing company, based in Hadleigh, Essex. The original editor was John Burke who was also editor-in-chief of The Square Mile.
The idea for the magazine, according to the Chairman of The Winchester Group, Raymond L. Kean, was formed "following its inception at Les Rendez-vous de Septembre 1990."
Following the launch edition in 1990, the magazine went quarterly in 1991, and was published 10 times a year from 1996 onwards, with an average issue weighing in at 230 pages. Most articles were contributed by the industry, with a few penned by its editors and other journalists.
The magazine was acquired by Southern Magazines in May 1999, which in turn was acquired by Newsquest Specialist Media. Newsquest is ultimately owned by US media giant Gannett.
Global Reinsurance is published 10 times a year and distributed to an audience of over 9,000 paid-for and requested subscribers. Average page count per month is 56 pages.
William Sanders has been the magazine's publisher since May 2008.  They are also the publisher of Strategic Risk magazine.
Contents
A news section ("Global Matters") covers the latest stories from the reinsurance world. All stories are broken on the GR website first and are then fleshed out for the magazine by the team of journalists and freelancers. Sandwiched in between the news and features is the industry comment section – Industry Matters. Here four members of the industry share their commentary on topical matters every month.
Each issue of GR fits in around 13 features. These are written by both journalists and the industry itself. Recent topics that articles have covered include: cat bonds, the reinsurance cycle, weather derivatives, subprime fallout, TRIA, EU competition report, technology and plans for a US catastrophe fund in the US.
Each month's issue also includes a report summarizing the results from the survey which is conducted online and draws from a survey base of around 200 readers. Each survey respondent is treated anonymously, apart from their email address (optional) which is used to mail them a PDF copy of the results before the article is published.
The magazine also features the CEO Q&A – a slightly more informal interview with company leaders from and around the reinsurance industry. Recent interviewees include: Hans-Peter Gerhardt (Paris Re), Michael O'Halleran (Aon Re Global), Jim Bryce (IPC Re), David Priebe (Guy Carpenter) and Robin Spencer-Arscott (Cyrus Re).
References
External links
Official Global Reinsurance website
Sister publication Strategic Risk
Sister publication Insurance Times
Business magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines established in 1990
Reinsurance
Mass media in Essex
Quarterly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Ten times annually magazines
Silviu Bindea (24 October 1912 – 6 March 1992) was a Romanian football player and coach.
They represented Romania at the 1934 and 1938 World Cups as a forward, scoring twice in a first-round game in 1938.
Honours
Player
Ripensia Timișoara
Liga I (4): 1932–33, 1934–35, 1935–36, 1937–38
Cupa României (2): 1933–34, 1935–36
References
External links
1912 births
1992 deaths
Romanian footballers
Victoria Cluj players
FC Ripensia Timișoara players
CAM Timișoara players
CFR Turnu Severin players
FC CFR Timișoara players
Liga I players
1934 FIFA World Cup players
1938 FIFA World Cup players
Romania international footballers
People from Blaj
People from the Kingdom of Hungary
Association football forwards
The Moped Army is an organization of moped enthusiasts, centered on the organization's website which serves as a catalyst for the spread of moped culture and the organization of moped-related events throughout the US and Canada. Founded in 1997 as the Decepticons in Kalamazoo, Michigan, by Daniel "Weber" Kastner, Simon King, and Brennan Sang, and as of September 2016 several branches have retired and hold "Emeritus" status. The branches each have a unique name, often inspired by the city in which they are based, and are self-governing; implementing their own criteria regarding membership and activities. With the motto of "Swarm and Destroy", the Moped Army has been the subject of a graphic novel by Paul Sizer and a documentary called Swarm and Destroy.
Rise Against music video
Members of the "emeritus" Chicago branch of Moped Army, Peddy Cash, were featured in the music video for the song "Re-Education (Through Labor)" by the American rock band Rise Against, which was released in September 2008. In the video they are seen riding their mopeds through a city and planting bombs.
Notes
References
External links
Moped Army Official Website
Mopeds
Motorcycle clubs in the United States
Constantin Frommann (born 27 May 1998) is a German professional footballer who most recently played as a goalkeeper for 3. Liga club SV Meppen.
Club career
SC Freiburg
At the age of twelve, Frommann moved from their home club SV Oberachern to the youth academy of SC Freiburg. In 2017, they made their debut in the Regionalliga Südwest for SC Freiburg II, the reserve team of Freiburg, with whom they had previously enjoyed promotion from the Oberliga Baden-Württemberg without making any appearances. In the 2018–19 season, Frommann was part of the professional first team squad of SC Freiburg.
Loan to Sonnenhof Großaspach
For the 2019–20 season, the goalkeeper was sent on loan to 3. Liga club SG Sonnenhof Großaspach. On the matchday 8, Frommann was given preference over regular goalkeeper Maximilian Reule in a match against Bayern Munich II and made their debut in professional football. The rest of the season, they were mostly a backup to Reule, as Sonnenhof Großaspach suffered relegation by finishing in the penultimate spot in the league table. Upon their return to Freiburg, they were not a part of the club's future plans, and in early October 2020 their contract was terminated shortly before the transfer window was closed. At the same time, they received the offer to continue training with Freiburg until they found a new club.
SV Meppen
In mid-November 2020, Frommann signed a contract with 3. Liga club SV Meppen, valid until the summer of 2022, after regular keepers Luca Plogmann and Matthis Harsman had suffered injuries.
International career
On 12 November 2013, Frommann made their debut for the Germany national under-16 team. Since then, they played in all of the German Football Association national youth teams up to the U20. At the 2015 UEFA European Under-17 Championship, they started in the final (1–4 loss to France) and was elected to the team of the tournament. For their achievements, they were also awarded the bronze U-17 Fritz Walter Medal.
Honours
Individual
Fritz Walter Medal: U17 Bronze – 2015
References
Living people
1998 births
German footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Germany youth international footballers
SC Freiburg II players
SC Freiburg players
SG Sonnenhof Großaspach players
SV Meppen players
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
James H. Morrissey (born May 10, 1930) is an American politician who served as a Republican Assemblyman from California's 69th State Assembly district from 1994 to 1998.
Military service and family
Born May 10, 1930 in New Rochelle, New York. Their family moved to Tucson, Arizona in 1943. Morrissey joined the Air Force in 1947 where they served for three years. They later joined the Army Reserve.
In 1956, Jim and their young family moved to Los Angeles, California. Since 1960, they have been a resident of Orange County and has been a resident of Anaheim since 1978. Jim and their wife (Margaret) have six children and fourteen grandchildren.
Small Businessman
Morrissey's first occupation was tool and die manufacturing. Later, they moved into management where they became the president of Superior Jig, Inc., a producer of precision aerospace parts.
Political career
Morrissey got into politics several years ago after their wife saw them yelling at a politician on the TV screen and suggested they stop complaining and try to make a change. The couple volunteered their time for Republican Party. Jim founded the Irish Republican Club and the Republican Small Business Association. Jim Morrissey served on the executive board of the Republican Central Committee of Orange County.
In 1995, the Legislature passed a Morrissey resolution calling for the release of Jimmy Tran, an American citizen being held as a political prisoner in Vietnam. Jim later traveled to Vietnam at their own expense to try and win Tran's political freedom and that of nine other Vietnamese Americans. Morrissey said though the trip did not achieve its ultimate goal, but it brought attention to the cases of the Vietnamese-American prisoners.
References
External links
Join California Jim Morrissey
1930 births
California Republicans
Members of the California State Assembly
Politicians from New Rochelle, New York
Living people
Businesspeople from New Rochelle, New York
20th-century American politicians
St. Andrew's Cemetery is a historic cemetery located at Walden in Orange County, New York.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
References
Cemeteries on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Cemeteries in Orange County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Orange County, New York
La Maison du Chocolat ("The House of Chocolate") is a French chain of chocolate stores founded in Paris. It is a subsidiary of the French agribusiness group Groupe Savencia Saveurs & Spécialités.
History
In 1977, pastry chef Robert Linxe opened the first La Maison du Chocolat in Paris. Linxe was trained as a chocolatier in Bayonne, France and Switzerland. They later opened three more boutiques within Paris in 1987–1989, with a boutique in New York City opening in 1990.
In 1995, Geoffroy d'Anglejan was named General Manager of La Maison du Chocolat. In 1996, Nicolas Cloiseau began working for the chain, and Linxe later noticed their work and created a position for Cloiseau in product design.
In 2007, the brand celebrated its 30th anniversary. D'Anglejan named Gilles Marchal as successor to Linxe. In 2012 d'Anglejan named Cloiseau to succeed Marchal with the title Master Chef. In June 2018, Guillaume Mazarguil became the CEO of La Maison du Chocolat.
Controversies
In July 2018, the French online investigative and opinion journal Mediapart publishes an investigation according to a series of documents, issued by the French Labour inspection and the Minister of Labour, which relate practices of discrimination against one of its employees who complained in particular for acts of workplace harassment and sexual harassment within the company. The article refers to the case of another employee who was the victim of sexual harassment by another supervisor. Management of La Maison du Chocolat told Mediapart that the manager "was immediately laid off as a precautionary measure".
References
External links
Official website
Brand name chocolate
Food and drink companies established in 1955
Food retailers of France
French brands
French companies established in 1955
Giovanni Poggi (11 February 1880 - 27 March 1961) was an Italian historian and museum curator.
Life
Born in Florence to Luigi and Assunta Papini, they graduated in literature from the Istituto di studi superiori di Firenze in 1902 and dedicated their life to archival research and study of the arts, which remained central to their work throughout their life. They began their career as an official for antiquity and fine arts following the passing of state law number 185 ("Conservation of monuments, art objects and antiquities") on 12 June 1902. From 1904 onwards they were inspector extraordinary to the Regie Gallerie in Florence then director of the Museo nazionale del Bargello from 1906 onwards and of the Uffizi from 1912 onwards. They also founded and co-edited the Rivista d'arte.
In 1913 they managed to recover the Mona Lisa, stolen from the Louvre two years earlier. It had been stolen by Vincenzo Peruggia who hoped to sell it on and got in touch with Poggi, who in turn contacted the Florentine art dealer Alfredo Geri to verify the work's authenticity.
Poggi also put in place a plan to protect and safeguard Florence's artworks after Italy's entry into the Second World War in 1940, identifying several safe locations to host the objects and thus ensuring they remained undamaged by bombing and out of reach of Nazi looting. They retired in 1949 after reaching the age limit for their roles but the Comune di Firenze decided it wished them to continue overseeing the institutes and monuments relating to their own subject areas. They died in Florence in 1961.
Selected works
References
1880 births
1961 deaths
Writers from Florence
20th-century Italian historians
Italian art historians
Directors of the Uffizi
The Adragna family is an Italian noble house. The family ruled the territory of Altavilla in Sicily, Italy.
History
The family can trace its ancestry to the Norman conquest of Sicily and is descended from the ancient nobility of Bologna. Related to the Pepoli family of Bologna, the family's noble ancestry dates back over 800 years.
The family is found in Salemi, Mazzara, Erice , Monté San Giuliano and today in Trapani. Nobile Giuseppe Adragna was among the first jurors of Salemi in the years 1567–68; 1573–74. In Mazzara, Pietro Adragna held the rank of captain in charge of Justice on 7 October 1665. In recognition of the family's feudal rights, In 1763 Francesco Adragna invested themselves in the Barony of Altavilla Salina, by lease granted to them by Domenico Corvino, Prince of Mezzojuso inherited in their Vault by Baroness Paola Sabia Ventimiglia. Today, the Sicilian Heraldry Commission lists the family in the Golden Book of Italian Nobility, now preserved in the Italian historical archives in Rome. Similarly to other Italian Norman families, the House of Adragna has historic links with the Knights Hospitaller (the present day Order of Malta) through participation in the Crusading movement in the Holy Land.
Gioacchino Napoleone Pepoli, a cousin of the Adragna family, was a senator of the Kingdom of Italy, Mayor of Bologna, and Italian envoy to Russia. Moreover, they were also a grand-nephew of Napoleon Bonaparte through their mother, Princess Louisa Julie Caroline Murat the daughter of Prince Joachim Murat - Napoleon's brother-in-law.
Two younger branches of the family emigrated to France (Adragna) and the United States (Beccadelli of Bologna) at the end of the 20th century. The title of Duca d'Adragna (Duke of Adragna) became extinct in 1920 after the death of Pietro "Paolo" Beccadelli of Bologna, Senator, Last Prince De Camporeale, 11th Duke of Adragna, without male issue and from marriage of their daughter Anna Maria, Princess of Camporeale with the de La Tour family.
The title of Duke of Adragna and a coat of arms resulting from the history of the ancestors Hauteville (Altavilla) / Beccadelli de Bologna / Adragna has been taken over by the French branch and is currently held by Gilles Michel Adragna 1966- X in descent from Piétro Adragna to Erice (1665), common ancestor of Baron d'Altavilla and current Count of Puglia.The coat of arms was deposited at the Hozier armorial, Maison Royal de France.
Notable buildings
Castello Grifeo in Partanna, Trapani, a medieval castle dating from c.1300, was owned by the family from 1890 until the property was donated to the Cultural Heritage Department of Trapani in 1991.
The last King of Italy, Umberto II of Italy visited the Castle in 1941 while Crown prince.
Through relation to the Pepoli family, the Norman Castle in Erice, which includes the Torri Pepoli, is partially owned by the Adragna family. In Valderice, the Villa Betania, was built by Baron Girolamo Adragna in the second half of the 19th century.
Notable buildings and structures associated with the family include;
Villa Adragna, Valderice
The complex of castles/towers including Venus Castle, Castello del Balio - also known as Torri Pepoli, and the Torretta Pepoli in Erice
In literature, media and popular culture
The character Baron Adragna appears in Vito Bruschini's fictional novel The Prince (published in Italian as The Father – Il Padrino dei Padrini è). The book depicts the rise of the Italian Fascist Party in Sicily, following the story of Ferdinando Licata, a Sicilian nobleman known as the prince. Baron Adragna appears as a conservative nobleman opposed to popular rule.
Notable members
Giuliano Adragna, Notary of Trapani c.1486
Giuseppe Adragna III, Juror of Salemi, 1567–68 and 1573–74
Francesco Adragna I, Barone della salina di Altavilla
Stefano Adragna, Italian Renaissance patron – commissioned sculptors Bartolomeo Berrettaro and Giuliano Mancino, c.1517, for the Church of Santa Maria della Grazia, Church of the Annunciation (Alcamo) and the Cappella Adragna.
Giuseppe Beccadelli di Bologna, VI Prince of Camporeale, III Duca d'Adragna
Antonio Maria Adragna (1818–1890), 104th Minister General of the Order of Friars Minor
Benedetto Adragna, Italian Senator and Quaestor of the Senate (2008–2013)
See also
Baron of Altavilla Salina
Italian nobility
Barone della salina di Altavilla
References
Italian noble families
Sicilian noble families
Błotniak (Polish for "Harrier") is a one-man wet cabin underwater craft designed in Poland in 1978. It was based in the torpedo research centre in Gdynia (commonly called Formoza).
Technical data
Specification
propulsion:
two batteries of compressed air accumulators in the tubes on the sides of the craft
one set of ducted contra-rotating propellers
one electrical motor as a source of power for the propeller
equipment:
two spotlights
2 sonars (passive and active)
depth-levelling system
maximum speed:
range:
load capacity:
See also
Submarines of Poland
Polish Navy
The New Economy Movement in the United States is a group of organizations that are attempting to restructure the current economic system. The movement prioritizes human well-being over economic growth. Its primary goal is to localize the economy in an attempt to spread wealth and promote sustainable business practices. The New Economy movement challenges both neoclassical and Keynesian economics to include theories of ecological economics, solidarity economy, commons, degrowth, systems thinking and Buddhist economics. The movement promotes more public ownership of the economy through organizational structures such as cooperatives, and state-owned banks. The goal of these changes is to remove or alleviate harmful environmental and social impacts of capitalism through alternative economic as well as political practices. A principal leader of the movement is the political economist and activist Gar Alperowitz, who, with others, promote the democratizing ownership of businesses and the economy as a means to achieve a sustainable, fair, and equal society.
Origins
The New Economy movement is a rather disparate and wide-ranging collective, whose goals range from creating more environmentally sustainable community practices, such as food co-ops, to redistributing wealth, as seen in the Occupy movement.
The New Economy movement resulted from a sense of disillusionment with the current American political economy system. Some New Economy issues have beginnings in wealth disparity, such as lack of living wages, the Great Recession economic crisis, and the consolidation of wealth. The movement also attempts to tackle social inequalities, such as an increasing prison population, brought on by the increasing privatization of the United States. Other issues have origins in environmental challenges, including the rise of global warming, and resource degradation, such as overfishing.
Beliefs
Those who advocate democratization of ownership and other economic changes base their advocacy on a belief in the failures of capitalism in the United States. Due to these changes, members of the New economy movement advocate a rapid transition to new economic practices that are based on resource conservation, human happiness as a metric of success, and strong local communities. Many New Economy organizations and activists maintain that issues such as Women's rights, Civil rights and the Environment, have connected causes and require fundamental change in politics and the economy.
Institutions
Many institutions have shifted from the orthodox corporate emphasis of profit and economic growth to a more progressive egalitarian and environmentally friendly business model.
Most of these work in an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP). Currently there are more than 11,000 companies owned entirely or in significant part by some 13 million employees. The following is a chart of the largest 10 companies in the United States that operate an ESOP or other New Economy Movement based system:
Seventh Generation, a company dedicated to producing 'green' household products has policies requiring that no one be paid more than fourteen times the lowest base pay or five times higher than the average employee.
Many New Economy business models are classified as benefit corporations in the 30 U.S. states and the District of Columbia that allow such classification. A benefit corporation is a for-profit corporate entity that allows for public benefit as a charter purpose in addition to the traditional corporate goal of maximizing profit for shareholders. As a requirement for this classification, corporations must expand the obligations of boards, requiring them to consider environmental and social factors as well as the financial interests of shareholders.
130 million Americans already belong to a cooperative organization, the most common of which is the credit union.
Food Cooperatives
Food Cooperatives are a part of the New Economy movement and consist of farms focused on giving back to their community with a sharp focus on local farming and economy. Many are nonprofit organizations. Cooperatives follow sustainable farming practices to avoid damage of natural ecosystems. These farms support their communities by donating any unused/unsold crops to local members or organizations in need.
Challenges
One challenge facing the movement is that the language used to talk about it holds negative connotations for many Americans. According to Gar Alperovitz, the idea of democratic ownership is new to many, and for others it conjures up images of authoritarian "communist" societies. Members of the New Economy movement perceive advocacy as being fundamentally challenged by a prevailing attitude of dismissal or ignorance towards alternative systems of economics, and common framings of any alternative as based in socialism. New Economy activists hold that the current model of American capitalism is so deeply ingrained in society that a shift to an alternative economic model would be met with resistance from corporations and wealthier individuals. In the United States, there is strong resistance to reducing or eliminating economic growth. Members of the movement believe that in order to avoid resource depletion and exacerbation of climate change, economic growth must be drastically reduced, which alienates the movement from many potential supporters. For example labor unions are often at the core of similar social movements, yet they are reliant on economic growth in order to keep their members from losing their jobs. These factors present the New Economy movement with significant challenges in finding substantial support for their aims.
See also
Anti-capitalism
Back-to-the-land movement
Business ethics
Criticism of capitalism
Eco-communalism
Economic democracy
Ecovillage
Great Transition
Market failure
Peer production
Post-capitalism
Post-scarcity economy
Sharing economy
References
Economy of the United States
Sebastiano DiGaetano (; c. 1862 – disappeared March 1912) was an Italian-born New York City mafia boss of what would later become known as the Bonanno crime family. They briefly attained the title capo dei capi (English: "Boss of bosses") of the Sicilian-American mafia, after Giuseppe Morello had been convicted of counterfeiting money in 1910. DiGaetano stepped down as boss of their crime family in 1912, and disappeared shortly thereafter.
Early days
Sebastiano DiGaetano was born in the town of Castellammare del Golfo in Sicily in c. 1862, to Arcangelo DiGaetano and Angela DiBenedetto. They first arrived in the United States on October 24, 1898, with their wife and daughter joining them in 1901. By 1908 the DiGaetano family had moved from Manhattan to the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn, with Sebastiano becoming a barber. DiGaetano's daughter, Angelina, married Joseph Ruffino, who was arrested for burglary in 1913 along with future mafia boss Joe Masseria.
Brooklyn crime boss
DiGaetano is believed to have become the boss of the Williamsburg-centered mafia sometime in 1909 or 1910. DiGaetano first came to the attention of authorities in December 1910, when they were arrested under suspicion of orchestrating the kidnappings of eight-year-old Giuseppe Longo and seven-year-old Michael Rizzo for ransom. The charges were later dropped due to lack of evidence.
A few months later, Salvatore Clemente, a Secret Service informer who was a counterfeiter in the Morello gang was summoned to a meeting with DiGaetano. DiGaetano told Clemente to refrain from their counterfeiting activities until another mafioso, named Carmelo Codaro, who was suspected of disloyalty was "disposed of." DiGaetano was able to dictate orders to a member of a different mafia crime family because they had been made a temporary capo dei capi, or "Boss of bosses", after the previous one, Giuseppe Morello, had been imprisoned in Atlanta on counterfeiting charges. DiGaetano had assumed that role due to their relative weakness as a crime boss. Morello had been hoping that would allow them to continue to dominate the New York mafia from prison. However, the arrangement had collapsed by 1912 which led to Salvatore D'Aquila being selected as a permanent replacement as capo dei capi.
In March 1912, DiGaetano stepped down as boss of their crime family and was soon replaced by Nicolo Schiro. Clemente claimed that DiGaetano was stepping down because they had "lost theirs nerve". Shortly after they stepped down as boss, DiGaetano disappeared; some researchers believe they and their wife may have returned to Italy.
See also
Black Hand (extortion)
Crime in New York City
List of people who disappeared
Notes
References
Citations
Sources
External links
The American Mafia - Boss of Bosses
The American Mafia - New York Mob Leaders - Bonanno
1862 births
Year of death missing
1910s missing person cases
American gangsters of Sicilian descent
Capo dei capi
Bosses of the Bonanno crime family
Italian emigrants to the United States
People from Castellammare del Golfo
Missing gangsters
The Ministry of Works and Housing (MWH) is tasked with the conceptualization and classification of policies and programs for the systematic growth of the country's infrastructure. The offices of the Ministry is located in Accra.
Core Functions
The functions of the Ministry are to pioneer and develop policies to meet the needs and expectations of the people in the country. The Ministry works collaboratively with the National Development Planning Commission to serve as a check on the performance of the sector. As part of its functions, the Ministry provides assistance in the form of training and research works in productions and endorse the use of local building materials.
Departments & Agencies
These are the departments and agencies that work collaboratively with the Ministry:
Works Sector Agencies:
Hydro-logical Services Department (HSD)
Public Works Department (PWD)
Architectural and Engineering Services Limited (AESL)
Engineers Council
Housing Sector Agencies:
Rent Control Department (RCD)
Department of Rural Housing (DRH)
Public Servants' Housing Loans Scheme Board (PSHLSB)
Architects Registration Council (ARC)
Tema Development Corporation (TDC)
State Housing Company (SHC)
Further reading
Ministry of Works and Housing (Directorates)
See also
Water supply and sanitation in Ghana
References
Politics of Ghana
Works and Housing
Ministries and Agencies of State of Ghana
Dark Money (stylized Dark Mon£y) is a 2019 British drama miniseries written by Levi David Addai. The drama deals with the sexual abuse of a minor by a film producer, and the challenges their family faces thereafter when they receive hush money to keep silent.
Plot
The family of an abused child accepts hush money from a famous filmmaker to remain silent.
Production
Screenwriter Levi David Addai was inspired to write the miniseries when they were sitting in their car on a Saturday morning, people-watching and waiting for their daughter to finish their drama lesson. They found it interesting that the parents who were kind of offering up their children, and absorbing all the hopes and dreams of what the course leaders and the academy leaders were kind of selling were so trusting of the virtual strangers.
Cast
Babou Ceesay as Manny Mensah
Jill Halfpenny as Sam Mensah
Olive Gray as Jess Mensah
Max Fincham as Isaac Mensah
Ellen Thomas as Maggie Mensah
Susie Wokoma as Sabrina Stevens
Tut Nyuot as Tyrone Stevens-Mensah
Rudi Dharmalingam as Dominic Nadesan
Rebecca Front as Cheryl Denon
John Schwab as Jotham Starr
Joseph May as Brett Huntley
Arnold Oceng as Ryan Osei
Lin Blakley as Avril Allen
Henry Garrett as Mitch Colney
Episodes
Critical reception
The Guardian gave it three stars and called it 'slight', stating that the subject matter was powerful, but its characters were 'not yet fine-grained enough for us to feel their personal agony and loss. Also, the question of what we would do in their situation is too far removed from likelihood to be a compelling draw.' The Independent gave it four stars.
References
External links
2010s British television miniseries
2019 British television series debuts
2019 British television series endings
2010s British drama television series
2010s British crime television series
Emily Weiss (born March 22, 1985) is an American business person.  They are the founder and former CEO of the cosmetics company Glossier and the blog Into the Gloss. They were featured in the Forbes 30 Under 30 list in 2015. In 2019, they were included in Time magazine's "Next 100".
Early life and education
Emily Weiss was raised in Wilton, Connecticut. Them father worked as an executive at Pitney Bowes and their mother stayed at home. In high school, Weiss interned at Ralph Lauren for two summers and briefly had a modeling career. While interning at Teen Vogue in college, they appeared on The Hills on a three-episode arc with Lauren Conrad and Whitney Port. Weiss graduated from New York University in 2007 with a degree in studio art. They were a fashion assistant at W magazine and an on-set styling assistant for Vogue where they assisted Elissa Santisi.
Career
Into the Gloss
Weiss launched Into the Gloss, a blog featuring predominantly interviews with women, in September 2010. They stayed at their day job at Vogue and worked on Into the Gloss in the mornings between the hours of 4 a.m. and 8 a.m. A popular series on the blog is Top Shelf, where subjects are interviewed in their bathrooms and photos of their shelves and medicine cabinets are featured. Previous interviews include Jenna Lyons and Karlie Kloss. By early 2012, the site had more than 200,000 unique visitors per month. By May 2016, the site garnered 1.3 million visitors. After Weiss reached 10 million page views per month and acquired corporate partnerships for the site and a small staff, they quit their job at Vogue to focus on their business ventures full time.
Glossier
In 2014, Weiss started approaching venture capitalists with ideas for expansion, including a potential Into the Gloss-curated e-commerce platform. Weiss eventually raised $2 million in seed funding, with the help of venture capitalist Kirsten Green, the founder of San Francisco-based Forerunner Ventures. Weiss used this initial investment to hire a small team and launch Glossier.com.
In October 2014, Weiss introduced Glossier's first four products on them Into the Gloss blog and announced the launch of Glossier.com. The Glossier team launched the e-commerce site with an all-purpose balm, a facial mist, a sheer skin tint, and a moisturizer.
According to Polina Marinova of Fortune, Weiss, "Quietly turned Glossier into one of the most disruptive brands in beauty." They initially pitched the company to 12 firms, with 11 not interested. In February 2018, Weiss released that Glossier had successfully raised an additional $52 million in a Series C round of funding. In March 2019, Weiss announced that Glossier had officially raised $100 million in a Series D round of funding and was valued at $1.2 billion. The round was led by Sequoia Capital and Glossier announced at this time that it more than doubled its revenue in 2018, adding over 1 million new customers.
Since its initial launch with four products, Glossier has expanded its product line to include skin serums, masks, shower gel, body lotion, fragrance, lip balms and several other beauty and skincare related items.
Glossier dropped GlossiWEAR on July 17, 2019.
In early 2019, Glossier added Glossier Play to its product umbrella. The line includes pigmented and metallic makeup products, such as eye shadows and eyeliners. In 2020, the company announced plans to suspend the line's production. Weiss stated that launching a sub-brand was, in hindsight, unnecessary, "The realisation we had was, 'Huh, we could have just launched more make-up products'."
In May 2022, Weiss stepped down as CEO of Glossier, but stayed on its board as executive chairperson. Kyle Leahy, Glossier's former chief commercial officer, took over their position as CEO.
Personal life
Weiss is engaged to Will Gaybrick, a senior executive at Stripe. The couple announced they were expecting a baby in June 2022. On June 29th, Emily posted on their Instagram announcing the birth of their daughter, Clara Lion Weissbrick.
References
External links
Emily Weiss at Forbes 40 Under 40
Living people
New York University alumni
American women company founders
American cosmetics businesspeople
American women bloggers
American bloggers
1985 births
21st-century American businesspeople
21st-century American business persons
People from Wilton, Connecticut
Businesspeople from Connecticut
The Direct Selling Association (DSA) is a trade association in the United States that represents direct selling companies, primarily those that use multi-level marketing compensation plans. On behalf of its members' companies, the DSA engages in public relations and lobbying efforts against regulation of the multi-level marketing industry, and it funds political candidates through a political action committee.
History in the US
The American DSA, headquartered in Washington, D.C., is the national trade association of a group of firms that manufacture and distribute goods and services sold directly to consumers typically through social selling that includes a compensation model called multi level marketing.
Founded in Binghamton, New York in 1910 as a trade group for door-to-door salespersons, the association was originally called the Agents Credit Association. It was renamed the National Association of Agency Companies (NAAC) in 1914, and briefly renamed the National Association of Agency and Mail Order Companies in 1917, before returning to the NAAC in 1920. It became the Direct Selling Association in 1968. As of 1970, less than 5% of the DSA's members were multi-level marketing companies. By 2018, the DSA's membership had grown to include nearly 130 companies, more than 90% of which were multi-level marketing companies.
The DSA belongs to the National Retail Federation and its member companies pledge to abide by the DSA code of ethics.
In 2019, DSA helped launch the BBB National Programs Direct Selling Self Regulatory Council. The Direct Selling Self-Regulatory Council (DSSRC) provides impartial monitoring, enforcement, and dispute resolution regarding product claims or income representations (including lifestyle claims) disseminated by direct selling companies and their sales force members. This program provides a robust challenge process that also includes the opportunity for a company to appeal a decision.
In other countries
As of 2011, the DSA has sister organizations in the UK (with over 40 member companies), Australia (nearly 70 member companies), and Israel (7 member companies),
Political lobbying
The DSA serves as a public relations and lobbying group acting on behalf of its member companies. The DSA played a role in petitioning the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to exempt multi-level marketing companies from consumer protection regulations outlined in the FTC's 2006 proposed Business Opportunity Rule, encouraging people to write 17,000 form letters complaining about the rule from 2006 to 2008. The law was passed in 2012, with most multi-level marketing companies considered exempt.
The DSA supported and allegedly drafted much of the language of the "Anti-Pyramid Promotional Scheme Act" introduced by US Representative Marsha Blackburn, and an amendment to the US House of Representatives' omnibus Financial Services and General Government Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2018 by US Representative John Moolenaar that would have limited the ability of the FTC and other agencies to classify companies as pyramid schemes and to investigate whether MLMs are pyramid schemes. The amendment would have disbarred the Treasury Department, the Judiciary Department, the Small Business Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the FTC, or any other agencies from using any monies to take enforcement actions against pyramid operations for the fiscal year. The Act would blur the lines between legitimate MLM activity and pyramid schemes established under the original 1979 FTC case by deeming sales made to people inside the company as sales to an “ultimate user,” thus erasing the key distinction made in the ruling between sales to actual consumers of a product and sales made to members of the MLM network that are used for recruitment of additional members or to qualify for commissions. The amendment was opposed by a coalition of consumer interest groups including Consumer Action, the Consumer Federation of America, Consumers Union (the publisher of Consumer Reports magazine), Consumer Watchdog, the National Consumers League, and the United States Public Interest Research Group (US PIRG), as well as Truth in Advertising (TINA.org) in its original incarnation.
Pyramid schemes
The DSA has said that pyramid schemes which disguise themselves as direct selling companies have caused confusion in the industry. In 2013, Tupperware left the DSA citing industry changes and concerns over pyramid schemes. In 2014, Avon (a founding member) left the DSA citing that its bylaws were inadequate in protecting consumers from fraud. News reports have connected Avon's quitting to pyramid scheme allegations against DSA member Herbalife, which was under investigation by the FTC at the time, and has now been ordered agreed to pay two hundred million dollars in a settlement. The DSA made a statement that they would look at Avon's concerns.
References
External links
Direct Selling Association US
DSA Consumer Website
Direct selling
Multi-level marketing companies
Trade associations based in the United States
The history of the Jews in Monaco goes back at least a century, most notably to the time of the Holocaust. Monaco had a very small Jewish presence before World War II, numbering approximately 300 people. During the war, the principality's government issued false identity papers to its Jewish residents to protect them from Nazi deportation. Prince Louis II refused to dismiss Jewish civil servants and protected Édouard de Rothschild from deportation. However, Monaco's police arrested and turned over 42 Central European Jewish refugees to the Nazis.
60 Jews were arrested Aug 27–28 in 1942, and 90 in total, according to "The Algemeiner".
In 1948, the Association Cultuelle Israelite de Monaco was founded as the official organization of Monaco's Jewish community, and it provides the community with a synagogue, Hebrew school and kosher food store. Today's Jewish community in Monaco consists primarily of retirees from France and the United Kingdom, and there is also a small population of North African and Turkish Jews.
While Monaco has almost no Jewish citizens, approximately 1,000 Jewish expatriates of other countries comprise about 2.86% of Monaco's total residents (citizen and non-citizen combined). This means Monaco has the highest per capita total of Jewish residents of any country in the world outside Israel (though not the highest per capita number of Jewish citizens).
Monaco has full diplomatic relations with Israel.
World War II monument and apology
In August 2015, Prince Albert II apologized for the role of Monaco in deporting Jews to Nazi Germany's concentration camps. A monument dedicated to Monaco Jews who were so deported was unveiled by the Prince during that occasion; it stands at the Monaco Cemetery.
House of Grimaldi
The daughter of Caroline, Princess of Hanover - Charlotte Casiraghi was in a relationship with Moroccan-Jewish stand-up comedian Gad Elmaleh, who had gained notoriety in France, Morocco and in the US. They had a son Raphaël, who was born on 17 December 2013 and was baptized. Since they were not married, Raphaël is not included in the line of succession to the Monegasque throne. The couple split in June 2015.
See also
History of the Jews in France
References
Jews
Monaco
Monaco
Monaco
Sand Pits Lake, better known as The Pond or McKay Pond is an artificial lake located next to McKay Lake in the Rockcliffe Park neighbourhood of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
The lake is a popular location for swimming, but it does not have any beach facilities such as washrooms or picnic areas. Swimming is only permitted between 7am and 2pm. The city often pumps groundwater into the lake to keep water levels high. It is part of the Caldwell-Carver Conservation Area.
The lake is home to great blue herons, black-crowned night herons, green herons, double-crested cormorants, river otters, green frogs, snapping turtles, squirrels and many types of fish.
The location of the lake was used as a sand and gravel pit from 1890 to 1949, and was known as the "Sandpits". Afterwards, the pit filled with water, becoming a swimming hole. An Ontario Municipal Board (OMB) ruling in 1975 allowed for public access to the pond. The OMB approved a 102-unit luxury housing development in the area in 1981, and construction began in 1983.
References
Landforms of Ottawa
Lakes of Ontario
Ponds of Canada
Beaches of Ontario
Chirkin () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Chirkina. It may refer to
Grigori Chirkin (born 1986), Russian football player
Vladimir Chirkin (born 1955), Russian military officer
See also
Gyuzeychirkin
Russian-language surnames
Garrett Bartholomew Temple (born May 8, 1986) is an American professional basketball player for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association (NBA). They played college basketball for the LSU Tigers from 2005 until 2009. An NBA journeyman Temple went undrafted in 2009 and played 11 NBA teams including their hometown team Pelicans.
High school career
Temple attended LSU Laboratory School in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. As a senior, they averaged 13.9 points, 7.4 rebounds and 5.5 assists in leading University High to the 2004 Class 2A state championship.
At University High, Temple also competed in track and field, where they were a long jump and triple jump specialist.
College career
After redshirting the 2004–05 season at Louisiana State University to work on their game, Temple earned a reputation as a defensive stopper as a first-year student in 2005–06. In 36 games (35 starts), they averaged 5.1 points, 2.6 rebounds, 2.8 assists and 1.1 steals in 33.3 minutes per game.
In their sophomore season, they finished the year with 138 assists and 83 turnovers, a 1.7 assist/turnover ratio, which was 10th best in the SEC. In May 2007, they were part of the Reach USA Tour of China, an all-star team of players that went 6-2 against two Chinese league teams. In 32 games (all starts), they averaged 8.6 points, 3.7 rebounds, 4.3 assists and 1.6 steals per game.
In their junior season, they played a team high 1,066 minutes and ranked 11th in the league in assist average. In 31 games, they averaged 6.4 points, 4.2 rebounds, 3.6 assists and 1.3 steals per game.
In their senior season, they became LSU's all-time leader in minutes played (4,432), breaking a record set by Howard Carter in 1983. They earned All-SEC Defensive team honors, as well as being named to the coaches' All-SEC second team. In 35 games, they averaged 7.1 points, 4.5 rebounds, 3.8 assists and 1.7 steals per game.
Professional career
Rio Grande Valley Vipers (2009–2010)
After going undrafted in the 2009 NBA draft, Temple joined the Houston Rockets for the 2009 NBA Summer League. In September 2009, they signed with the Rockets. However, they were later waived by the Rockets on October 21, 2009. In November 2009, they were acquired by the Rio Grande Valley Vipers as an affiliate player.
Houston Rockets (2010)
On February 8, 2010, Temple signed a 10-day contract with the Rockets. On February 20, 2010, they signed a second 10-day contract with the Rockets.
Sacramento Kings (2010)
On March 3, 2010, Temple signed a 10-day contract with the Sacramento Kings.
San Antonio Spurs (2010)
On March 13, 2010, Temple signed a 10-day contract with the San Antonio Spurs. On March 23, 2010, they signed with the Spurs for the rest of the season.
In July 2010, Temple joined the San Antonio Spurs for the 2010 NBA Summer League. On November 11, 2010, they were waived by the Spurs.
Return to the Vipers (2010)
On November 30, 2010, Temple was re-acquired by the Rio Grande Valley Vipers.
Erie BayHawks (2010–2011)
On December 30, 2010, Temple was traded to the Erie BayHawks in exchange for Jeff Adrien.
Milwaukee Bucks (2011)
On January 25, 2011, Temple signed a 10-day contract with the Milwaukee Bucks. On February 5, 2011, they signed a second 10-day contract with the Bucks.
Return to the BayHawks (2011)
On February 17, 2011, Temple returned to the BayHawks.
Charlotte Bobcats (2011)
On March 7, 2011, Temple signed a 10-day contract with the Charlotte Bobcats. On March 17, 2011, they signed a second 10-day contract with the Bobcats. On March 28, 2011, they signed with the Bobcats for the rest of the season.
Casale Monferrato (2011–2012)
On July 27, 2011, Temple signed a one-year deal with Novipiù Casale Monferrato of Italy. In 28 games, they averaged 9.5 points, 2.8 rebounds, 1.4 assists and 1.5 steals per game as Casale finished last on the ladder in 2011–12 with an 8-24 record.
Reno Bighorns (2012)
In July 2012, Temple joined the Oklahoma City Thunder for the Orlando Summer League and the Cleveland Cavaliers for the Las Vegas Summer League.
On September 13, 2012, Temple signed with the Miami Heat. They were later waived by the Heat on October 27, 2012. On November 1, 2012, they were re-acquired by the Erie BayHawks. Four days later, they were traded to the Reno Bighorns.
Washington Wizards (2012–2016)
On December 25, 2012, Temple signed with the Washington Wizards.
On July 10, 2013, Temple re-signed with the Wizards. On July 18, 2014, they again re-signed with the Wizards to a two-year, $2 million deal. On November 1, 2014, they scored a then career-high 18 points in a 108–97 win over the Milwaukee Bucks.
On June 15, 2015, Temple exercised their player option with the Wizards for the 2015–16 season. On November 14, they matched their career-high of 18 points in a 108–99 win over the Orlando Magic. On December 19, they set a new career-high with 21 points in a 109–101 win over the Charlotte Hornets. On December 21, they topped that mark with 23 points in a 113–99 win over the Sacramento Kings. Two days later, they had another strong performance for the Wizards with 20 points against the Memphis Grizzlies, becoming the first NBA player to score at least 20 in three straight games after not reaching that level for their first 250 contests.
Sacramento Kings (2016–2018)
On July 9, 2016, Temple signed with the Sacramento Kings. They made their debut for the Kings in their season opener on October 26, 2016, scoring 12 points in just under 18 minutes off the bench in a 113–94 win over the Phoenix Suns. On November 5, 2016, they scored a team-high 19 points off the bench and tied their career high with five three-pointers in a 117–91 loss to the Milwaukee Bucks. On February 1, 2017, they were ruled out for two to three weeks after an MRI revealed a partial tear of their left biceps femoris muscle.
On January 23, 2018, Temple scored 19 of their career-high 34 points in the final quarter to lift the Kings to a 105–99 win over the Orlando Magic.
Memphis Grizzlies (2018–2019)
On July 17, 2018, Temple was traded to the Memphis Grizzlies in exchange for Deyonta Davis, Ben McLemore, a 2021 second-round pick and cash considerations. On October 19, 2018, they scored a game-high 30 points in a 131–117 win over the Atlanta Hawks. On January 26, 2019, they were ruled out for one to two weeks with a mild strain in their left shoulder.
Los Angeles Clippers (2019)
On February 7, 2019, Temple and JaMychal Green were traded to the Los Angeles Clippers in exchange for Avery Bradley.
Brooklyn Nets (2019–2020)
On July 8, 2019, Temple signed a reported two-year contract with the Brooklyn Nets.
Chicago Bulls (2020–2021)
On November 27, 2020, Temple signed with the Chicago Bulls.
New Orleans Pelicans (2021–present)
On August 8, 2021, Temple was traded to their hometown team, the New Orleans Pelicans.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;" rowspan=3|
| style="text-align:left;"|Houston
| 9 || 0 || 13.1 || .448 || .250 || .667 || 1.6 || .8 || .4 || .4 || 5.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|Sacramento
| 5 || 0 || 4.6 || .375 || .000 || 1.000 || .6 || .4 || .2 || .0 || 2.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|San Antonio
| 13 || 4 || 14.8 || .438 || .435 || .667 || 1.1 || .9 || .6 || .2 || 6.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;" rowspan=3|
| style="text-align:left;"|San Antonio
| 3 || 0 || 7.0 || .200 || .000 || .000 || .7 || .7 || .3 || .3 || .7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|Milwaukee
| 9 || 0 || 9.2 || .333 || .300 || .000 || .7 || .7 || .1 || .1 || 1.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|Charlotte
| 12 || 0 || 10.5 || .286 || .269 || .636 || 1.3 || 2.0 || .8 || .3 || 3.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 51 || 36 || 22.7 || .407 || .325 || .703 || 2.4 || 2.3 || 1.0 || .3 || 5.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 75 || 0 || 8.5 || .362 || .207 || .698 || .9 || 1.0 || .5 || .1 || 1.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 52 || 18 || 14.1 || .400 || .375 || .729 || 1.7 || 1.1 || .8 || .2 || 3.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 80 || 43 || 24.4 || .398 || .345 || .728 || 2.7 || 1.8 || .9 || .2 || 7.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"3|
| style="text-align:left;"|Sacramento
| 65 || 20 || 26.6 || .424 || .373 || .784 || 2.8 || 2.6 || 1.3 || .4 || 7.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Sacramento
| 65 || 35 || 24.8 || .418 || .392 || .769 || 2.3 || 1.9 || .9 || .4 || 8.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;" rowspan=2|
| style="text-align:left;"|Memphis
| 49 || 49 || 31.2 || .429 || .352 || .750 || 3.1 || 1.4 || 1.0 || .5 || 9.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|L.A. Clippers
| 26 || 6 || 19.6 || .396 || .296 || .742 || 2.5 || 1.4 || 1.0 || .2 || 4.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Brooklyn
| 62 || 35 || 27.9 || .378 || .329 || .805 || 3.5 || 2.5 || .8 || .5 || 10.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Chicago
| 56 || 25 || 27.3 || .415 || .335 || .800 || 2.9 || 2.2 || .8 || .5 || 7.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|New Orleans
| 59 || 16 || 18.6 || .376 || .319 || .683 || 2.4 || 1.3 || .7 || .4 || 5.2
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 691 || 288 || 21.4 || .402 || .344 || .740 || 2.3 || 1.7 || .8 || .3 || 6.4
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2010
| style="text-align:left;"|San Antonio
| 6 || 0 || 2.5 || .333 || .333 || 1.000 || .3 || .3 || .2 || .0 || .7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2014
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 10 || 0 || .9 || 1.000 || 1.000 || – || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2015
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 4 || 0 || 6.5 || .167 || .000 || .625 || .8 || .3 || .5 || .0 || 1.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2019
| style="text-align:left;"|L.A. Clippers
| 6 || 0 || 10.5 || .273 || .143 || .700 || 1.2 || .3 || .5 || .2 || 2.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2020
| style="text-align:left;"|Brooklyn
| 4 || 4 || 34.3 || .347|| .250 || .833 || 2.8 || 2.0 || .8 || .3 || 12.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2022
| style="text-align:left;"|New Orleans
| 1 || 0 || 2.0 || — || — || — || 1.0 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 31 || 4 || 8.1 || .338 || .240 || .720 || .8 || .4 || .3 || .1 || 2.5
Personal life
Temple is the son of Collis Temple and Soundra Johnson Temple. Collis was the first African-American to play basketball at LSU (1971–1974). They have a younger sister, Colleen Noelle, and two older brothers, Collis III (who played at LSU, 1999–2003) and Elliott.
Temple is a Christian. They wear a wrist band that says "In Jesus Name I Play". In 2020, Temple married Miss USA 2017 winner Kára McCullough. Their son was born in August 2020.
Community involvement
Temple is a member of the "Starting Five", along with Malcolm Brogdon, Joe Harris, Justin Anderson, and Anthony Tolliver. Their goal was to raise $225,000 through Hoops2O, founded by Brogdon, to fund five wells in East Africa by the end of the 2018–19 season. By February 2020, the charity had funded the construction of ten wells in Tanzania and Kenya, bringing water to over 52,000 citizens.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
21st-century African-American sportspeople
A.S. Junior Pallacanestro Casale players
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Brooklyn Nets players
Charlotte Bobcats players
Chicago Bulls players
Erie BayHawks (2008–2017) players
Houston Rockets players
Los Angeles Clippers players
LSU Tigers basketball players
Memphis Grizzlies players
Milwaukee Bucks players
New Orleans Pelicans players
Reno Bighorns players
Rio Grande Valley Vipers players
Sacramento Kings players
San Antonio Spurs players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Undrafted National Basketball Association players
Washington Wizards players
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Shari Kasman is a multidisciplinary artist and writer based in their hometown, Toronto, Canada.
Education
Kasman received a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Music from York University. They also attended McMaster University.
Artistic career
Art
In the 2010s, Kasman photographed and provided guided tours of Toronto's Galleria Mall. They created two photo books about the mall. Them related exhibit Memories of Galleria Mall was featured as part of the Scotiabank CONTACT Photography Festival in 2019.
Kasman co-created the large-scale guerilla art installation that became a community hub, Bloordale Beach, which was described as a vision for reclaiming public space and was the inspiration for music videos and other works of art.
Music
Kasman has studied music at McMaster University and York University. They received a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Music from York and Diploma in Music Performance in classical piano from McMaster.
Kasman has been teaching piano since 2001.
Books
Everything Life Has to Offer, published by Invisible Publishing, 2016, ISBN 9781926743844
Galleria: The Mall That Time Forgot, Photobook, 2018, ISBN 9781999483302
Goodbye, Galleria, 2019, ISBN 9781999483319
Rocks Don't Move and Other Questionable Facts, 2021, ISBN 9781999483326
References
External links
Official website
Living people
Artists from Toronto
Writers from Toronto
The Royal Conservatory of Music alumni
McMaster University alumni
York University alumni
Canadian photographers
21st-century Canadian women artists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ligonier Valley High School is a public high school in Westmoreland, Pennsylvania.
It serves approximately 500 students that live in Laurel Mountain Borough, Ligonier Borough, Ligonier Township, Cook Township, Fairfield Township, Bolivar Borough, Seward, St. Clair Township and New Florence Borough. The school is the only high school in the Ligonier Valley School District.
History
A Ligonier public high school has been in existence since 1886. The current high school was built on the present site in Ligonier Township, near U.S. Route 30. The Alvin P. Carey Memorial Building opened in 1964. In 1966, under state law, Laurel Valley and Ligonier Valley School Districts merged, creating the Ligonier Valley School District. At this time, in 1966, the schools colors, green and white(Laurel Valley), and blue and white(Ligonier Valley), were changed to the current colors, red and black. At the start of the 2010-11 school term, students from the former Laurel Valley High School attendance area attend Ligonier Valley, and at that time, the mascot was changed to the Rams, reflecting Laurel Valley's mascot, from the former Ligonier Valley's mascot the Mountaineer.
Amenities
The Alvin P. Carey building has air conditioning throughout the school. The auditorium which was added on in 1998, has a full stage, sound room, light control room, and dressing rooms. Seating over 500, it is used for many public events. The cafeteria has a courtyard that is surrounded on all sides which is used for outdoors studies and other events. The school also features a full size auxiliary gym and weight lifting room.
Athletic fields/courts
The gymnasium has a full sized High School basketball court, two scoreboards, and seats over 600 people. The gym is used for baseball batting cages, basketball, volleyball, and training. The school features one baseball diamond in the front of the school. This newly built diamond features wireless scoring technology, dugouts built in April 2013, and fresh surface.
Standard Bank Stadium
Standard Bank Stadium, home to Weller Field and the Patrick Podlucky memorial track, is used by track and field, football, and soccer. Standard Bank Stadium, which features a football field that converts into soccer, an eight-lane, tar surface, running track which is on the perimeter of the field, is the only stadium the school owns that is in use. The stadium features a 20 yard long logo that stretches from the 40-yard line to the 40-yard line. The stadium seats approximately 2,000 and with standing room holds approximately 5,000. Portable bleachers can be brought in for excess seating. Standard Bank Stadium is rarely used for public events like Relay For Life, graduation, and more.
Athletic teams
Ligonier Valley participates in the Western Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic League. The Rams athletics are supported by the student section, The Herd.
Vocational-technical schools
Students in grades 10-12 can have the opportunity to attend Eastern Westmoreland Career and Technology Center in Derry Township.
References
External links
Ligonier Valley High School Webpage - Archived 2009
PIAA School Listing
Ligonier Valley doesn't want to butt heads with copyright law - Pittsburgh Tribune Review, Retrieved 12-08-2010.
Schools in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania
Public high schools in Pennsylvania
Educational institutions established in 1886
1886 establishments in Pennsylvania
Goodman's mouse lemur (Microcebus lehilahytsara) is a species of mouse lemur from the region near Andasibe in eastern Madagascar. The species is named in honor of primatologist Steven M. Goodman. "Lehilahytsara" is a combination of the Malagasy words which mean "good" and "man". The finding was presented August 10, 2005, along with the discovery of the northern giant mouse lemur (Mirza zaza) as a separate species.
In 2005, Goodman was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship for their discovery and further research in Madagascar.
Description
Mouse lemurs are among the smallest primates, and Goodman's mouse lemur is no exception. Although not the smallest overall, Goodman's mouse lemur has a head-body length comparable to M. berthae which is the smallest known primate. The average size ranges from 45-48 grams, with males being slightly larger than females. Goodman's mouse lemur is mainly maroon with a white underbelly and orange tint on their backs.
Goodman's lemurs undergo daily torpor as well as winter torpor. Their tails are able to store fat which is useful in preparing for winter torpor. Although, almost all females experience torpor each winter, not all males go into winter torpor annually. For those males that do enter winter torpor, they exit torpor on average 20 days prior to females. This is likely so males can better prepare for mating which happens almost immediately following the ending of female winter torpor. The males that do not go into winter torpor are often older males that are better able to compete against younger males in procuring a mate; although, they often still undergo daily torpor.
Social behavior
Goodman's mouse lemurs spend most of their waking time alone. They are generally only found in pairs during reproduction and when altercations. Approximately 51% of these altercations involve food. Although females tend to be smaller than males, when fighting over food, females often come out as the winners. This is because females are more dominant than males in Goodman's mouse lemurs. Because females are more dominant, males tend to have a greater foraging area. In some cases, the male's feeding area can be up to four times the size of females feeding area. It has been proposed that the larger area is due to being chased away from better feeding grounds by the dominant females.
However, not all social behavior is negative in Goodman's mouse lemur. Oftentimes groups of two to four lemurs of the same sex will gather together to sleep. This is likely to conserve heat. Most often in a group of females, those that share a sleeping space are related, however, groups of males do not show much if any relation with those they sleep with. In addition to mutualistic sleeping behavior, these lemurs share another positive social interaction. During the mating season, males and females must come together fairly peacefully. This happens in the spring shortly after waking up from winter torpor. The males have large testes, which implies that as opposed to male-male competition in fighting, they are much more likely to undergo sperm competition which limits some of the social aspects of breeding that many other animals undergo. The male Goodman's Mouse Lemur is known to have more bodyweight than the female during the reproductive season. However, other times, how much these species weigh can vary according to the season.
Phylogeny
The genus Microcebus is shown to have diverged approximately ten to nine million years ago. This split allowed for greater radiation of mouse lemurs. The mouse lemurs split into three distinct clades. Goodman's mouse lemur has been grouped with five other species due to mitochondrial DNA sequencing. 540 thousand years ago M. marohita initially split from the other four mouse lemur populations within that clade. The most recent split was about 52 thousand years ago when M. lehilahytsara and M. mittermeieri became two distinct species.
Correlated with the most recent speciation was a climatic change period. It has been proposed that this climate change likely would have desiccated the central highlands of Eastern Madagascar. The change in climate and habitat is likely the cause of the recent speciation. Evidence for this is that the habitat for Goodman's mouse lemur does not overlap with any other mouse lemurs. The habitat would have changed in such a way that the lemurs that would become Goodman's mouse lemur would be the only ones that could survive in that habitat. Their diet really varies from insects to fruits, flowers, nectar, gum and leaves. Not only food choices are diverse, but also their metabolism, body temperature and body mass can vary from time to time depending on the season and the conditions of the environment.
References
External links
Two new lemur species discovered - Press release from the Chicago Field Museum
Photos from ARKive.
Arvedlund, M. & Nielsen, L.E. (1996) Do the anemonefish Amphiprion ocellaris (Pisces: Pomacentridae) imprint themselves to their host sea anemone Heteractis magnifica (Anthozoa: Actinidae)? Ethology, 102, 197–211
Mammals described in 2005
Mouse lemurs
The Casa Solariega de José de Diego, also known as the Lería Esmoris Residence, is a historic home built in 1897 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History
The house was designed by José Sabas Honoré Rivera and built by their father, Victor Honoré Garaud. The daughter of the former, Laura Honoré de Cuebas, was the author of the hymn of the University of Puerto Rico, Mayagüez Campus, which would be founded in 1911 by de Diego and they would give birth to a daughter of the same name, who would go on to teach there, in a hospital that would become the university's art museum. It was originally built for Santiago Sáenz y Martínez, who later passed it to José de Diego. de Diego resided there for some years, as they were designated prosecutor and president of the Audiencia (Criminal Court) of Mayagüez in 1899 by General Brooke and three years later was elected as the representative for the House of Delegates. Later, de Diego's only sister, Pola de Diez, lived in the residence with their husband Alejandro Lull. In 1923 it was bought by Fructuoso Lería Domínguez, later passed to their son, Dr. José Pedro Lería Esmoris, who was the then-owner when it was listed in the NRHP, and finally to their daughter Griselda Lería Santana.
Description
The property is an urban mansion built in the "Modernist" located on a 716.82 m2 plot in the middle of a block, permitting the mansion to have a front entrance, to Liceo St., and a back entrance, facing Salud St. It is an L-shaped mansion.
Future Plans
On 2 April 2012, the Municipality of Mayagüez expropriated the property from Natalabriel, Inc., a tire business which owns the whole block, with the intention to establish a museum in the building commemorating the University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez, since de Diego was a cofounder of the institution.
Timeline
References
1897 establishments in Puerto Rico
National Register of Historic Places in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico
Residential buildings completed in 1897
University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez
Lycée de Garçons is a school located in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located on the Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser, opposite the headquarters of Air Mauritania and next (east) to the Radio Nationale headquarters.
See also
Education in Mauritania
Lists of schools
References
Nouakchott
Schools in Mauritania
There are three species of lizard named Amazon racerunner:
Ameiva ameiva
Ameiva atrigularis
Ameiva praesignis
Reptile common names
The Astrakhan constituency (No.74) is a Russian legislative constituency, covering the entirety of Astrakhan Oblast.
Members elected
Election results
1993
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Vladislav Vinogradov
|align=left|Independent
|
|17.56%
|-
|style="background-color:#019CDC"|
|align=left|Aleksandr Saushin
|align=left|Party of Russian Unity and Accord
| -
|15.80%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
1995
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Vyacheslav Zvolinsky
|align=left|Independent
|
|23.46%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Vladislav Vinogradov (incumbent)
|align=left|Independent
|
|16.25%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Dmitry Babaytsev
|align=left|Liberal Democratic Party
|
|9.18%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Yury Kagakov
|align=left|Our Home – Russia
|
|8.95%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Anver Almaev
|align=left|Independent
|
|7.96%
|-
|style="background-color:#E98282"|
|align=left|Galina Chubkova
|align=left|Women of Russia
|
|4.86%
|-
|style="background-color:#D50000"|
|align=left|Oleg Shein
|align=left|Communists and Working Russia - for the Soviet Union
|
|4.52%
|-
|style="background-color:#3A46CE"|
|align=left|Natalia Osukhova
|align=left|Democratic Choice of Russia – United Democrats
|
|3.84%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Vyacheslav Tonkikh
|align=left|Independent
|
|3.41%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Andrey Melnikov
|align=left|Independent
|
|2.21%
|-
|style="background-color:#DA2021"|
|align=left|Valery Alekseev
|align=left|Ivan Rybkin Bloc
|
|1.90%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Dzhanbek Sultanov
|align=left|Independent
|
|1.82%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Vladimir Koznov
|align=left|Serving Russia
|
|1.02%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Sergey Chaplygin
|align=left|Independent
|
|0.75%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Nina Poverina
|align=left|Independent
|
|0.65%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Gennady Shchetinin
|align=left|Independent
|
|0.42%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Viktor Repin
|align=left|Independent
|
|0.31%
|-
|style="background-color:#000000"|
|colspan=2 |against all
|
|6.08%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
1999
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Oleg Shein
|align=left|Independent
|
|21.47%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Nikolay Arefyev
|align=left|Communist Party
|
|19.07%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Anver Almaev
|align=left|Independent
|
|16.39%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Sergey Bozhenov
|align=left|Yabloko
|
|14.15%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Svetlana Kudryavtseva
|align=left|Independent
|
|12.85%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Oleg Sarychev
|align=left|Independent
|
|2.86%
|-
|style="background-color:#020266"|
|align=left|Igor Negerev
|align=left|Russian Socialist Party
|
|2.19%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Boris Karpachev
|align=left|Independent
|
|0.82%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Aleksandr Mikhaylov
|align=left|Independent
|
|0.69%
|-
|style="background-color:#00542A"|
|align=left|Sergey Chunosov
|align=left|Russian Party
|
|0.33%
|-
|style="background-color:#000000"|
|colspan=2 |against all
|
|7.17%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
2003
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Oleg Shein (incumbent)
|align=left|Independent
|
|35.85%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Sergey Bozhenov
|align=left|Independent
|
|22.68%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Nikolay Arefyev
|align=left|Communist Party
|
|9.97%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Leonid Ogul
|align=left|United Russia
|
|9.65%
|-
|style="background-color:#7C73CC"|
|align=left|Anver Almaev
|align=left|Great Russia–Eurasian Union
|
|4.16%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Eduard Nedelko
|align=left|Independent
|
|3.48%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Dmitry Ugryumov
|align=left|Liberal Democratic Party
|
|2.30%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Viktor Shlyakhov
|align=left|Agrarian Party
|
|1.77%
|-
|style="background-color:#FFD700"|
|align=left|Nuriya Kurmalieva
|align=left|People's Party
|
|0.82%
|-
|style="background-color:#DBB726"|
|align=left|Boris Karpachev
|align=left|Democratic Party
|
|0.58%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Boris Shuvarin
|align=left|Social Democratic Party
|
|0.44%
|-
|style="background-color:#000000"|
|colspan=2 |against all
|
|6.62%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
2016
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:leftt;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Leonid Ogul
|align=left|United Russia
|
|38.74%
|-
|style="background:"|
|align=left|Oleg Shein
|align=left|A Just Russia
|
|32.95%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Nikolay Arefyev
|align=left|Communist Party
|
|11.31%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Yegor Vostrikov
|align=left|Liberal Democratic Party
|
|6.55%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Yegor Kovalev
|align=left|Communists of Russia
|
|2.33%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Nailya Nikitina
|align=left|Party of Growth
|
|1.75%
|-
|style="background:"|
|align=left|Mikhail Doliev
|align=left|People's Freedom Party
|
|1.22%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Sergey Rodionov
|align=left|The Greens
|
|1.06%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
2021
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Leonid Ogul (incumbent)
|align=left|United Russia
|
|47.81%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Oleg Shein
|align=left|A Just Russia — For Truth
|
|19.20%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Khalit Aitov
|align=left|Communist Party
|
|9.93%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Aivar Abeldaev
|align=left|New People
|
|3.46%
|-
|style="background:"|
|align=left|Karen Grigoryan
|align=left|Rodina
|
|2.82%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Roman Sultanov
|align=left|Communists of Russia
|
|2.73%
|-
|style="background-color: "|
|align=left|Larisa Samodaeva
|align=left|Party of Pensioners
|
|2.23%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Rustam Shuabasov
|align=left|Liberal Democratic Party
|
|2.03%
|-
|style="background-color: "|
|align=left|Darya Matveeva
|align=left|Russian Party of Freedom and Justice
|
|1.76%
|-
|style="background:"|
|align=left|Alyona Gubanova
|align=left|Civic Platform
|
|1.62%
|-
|style="background:"|
|align=left|Dmitry Anufriev
|align=left|Yabloko
|
|1.33%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Nailya Nikitina
|align=left|Party of Growth
|
|0.88%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Aleksandr Plokhov
|align=left|The Greens
|
|0.75%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
Notes
References
Russian legislative constituencies
Politics of Astrakhan Oblast
Bannockburn railway station served the town of Bannockburn, Stirlingshire, Scotland from 1848 to 1950 on the Scottish Central Railway.
History
The station opened on 1 March 1848 by the Scottish Central Railway. The goods yard was to the south, on the east side of the line. Further sidings were added later on as well as the platforms being lengthened. The station closed to both passengers and goods traffic on 2 January 1950.
References
Former Caledonian Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1848
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1950
1848 establishments in Scotland
1950 disestablishments in Scotland
Philedonides rhombicana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Germany, Austria, Italy, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Romania and Ukraine.
The wingspan is 13–16 mm. The forewings have a light chocolate brown or yellow to chocolate brown tone, with a dark chocolate brown stripe and subapical spot. Adults are on wing from June to August.
The larvae feed on Mentha, Trifolium, Rumex (including Rumex acetosella), Genista and Rosa species.
References
External links
Lepiforum.de
Moths described in 1851
Moths of Europe
Archipini
Taxa named by Gottlieb August Wilhelm Herrich-Schäffer
The 1964 Giro di Lombardia was the 58th edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 17 October 1964. The race started in Milan and finished in Como. The race was won by Gianni Motta of the Molteni team.
General classification
References
1964
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
1964 Super Prestige Pernod
Carrig (An Charraig in Irish) is a settlement and electoral district in the historical Barony of Ormond Lower, County Tipperary, Ireland. It is located on the N52 road between Birr and Borrisokane.
The early medieval Christian psalter known as the Faddan More Psalter was discovered near here in July 2006 in a peat bog.
From 2016 to 2020, Carrig was within the Dáil constituency of Offaly. Since 2020, it has been part of the Tipperary.
Sport
Carrig and Riverstown GAA is the local Gaelic Athletic Association club. The club is located in the areas of Carrig, and Riverstown, both of which are in County Tipperary, however the club is also considered to be partly in County Offaly, as Birr is the nearest town. Ger Oakley is a well known retired member of the local hurling team.
References
Electoral divisions in North Tipperary
Jean Henri Jaume Saint-Hilaire (October 29, 1772 – 1845) was a French naturalist and artist, born in Grasse, France.
Biography
Born as Jaume, they added Saint-Hilaire later. Some biographers indicate that this addition was to distinguish themselves from a family member, Henri-Honore Jaume, a Jacobin who had been involved in the Reign of Terror, during the French Revolution. They served in the French Army during the Italian campaign, before returning to civilian life in 1800. They then returned to Paris and resumed their studies, especially natural history. They wrote a guide to the new Muséum National d'Histoire Naturelle, and learned floral painting from Gérard van Spaendonck (1746-1822).
In 1805 they wrote their first important publication: Exposition des familles naturelles et de la germination des plantes, contentant la description de 2 337 genres et d'environ 4 000 espèces, 112 planches dont les figures ont ete dessinées par l'auteur [An exposition about natural families and the germination of plants, containing the description of 2,337 genera and about 4,000 species, 112 plates whose figures were drawn by the author]. In it, they popularized the classification of Antoine-Laurent de Jussieu (1748-1836). During 1808-1809 and 1819-1822, Jaume published ten volumes about French plants: Plantes de la France décrites et peintes d'après nature [French plants described and painted from nature], grouping together one thousand engravings that they had made himself.
Jaume was quite interested in forests, and became a member of Société Royale d'Agriculture in 1831. They also became interested in the culture of Wrightia tinctoria, a member of the plant family Apocynaceae used for its dyeing qualities.
List of selected publications
Exposition des familles naturelles et de la germination des plantes, contentant la description de 2 337 genres et d'environ 4 000 espèces, 112 planches dont les figures ont été dessinées par l'auteur, 1805
La flore et la pomone françaises: histoire et figure en couleur, des fleurs et des fruits de France ou naturalisés sur le sol français. (Published by the author: Paris, Rue Furstemberg, 1828-1833).
Traité des arbres forestiers: ou histoire et description des arbres indigènes ou naturalisés. A work preceded by une instruction sur la culture des arbres, by M. Thouin. (Printed by Firmin Didot, Paris, 1824).
Traité des arbrisseaux et des arbustes cultivés en France et en pleine terre. (Published by the author: Paris, 1825).
References
Sources
Roger L. Williams (1988), Gerard and Jaume: Two Neglected Figures in the History of Jussiaean Classification (Part Three). Taxon, Vol. 37 (2, May, 1988) : 233-271.
External links
Biography at Missouri Botanical Garden
19th-century French botanists
Botanists active in Europe
1772 births
1845 deaths
People from Grasse
KBHS may refer to:
KBHS, a radio station (1420 AM) licensed to serve Hot Springs, Arkansas, United States
KLXQ, a radio station (96.7 FM) licensed to serve Hot Springs, Arkansas, United States, which held the call sign from 1988 to 1991
Schools
Keira High School, Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia
Kelston Boys' High School, Auckland, New Zealand
Kimberley Boys' High School, Kimberley, North Cape, South Africa
Kubasaki High School, a United States Department of Defense Dependents School located on Okinawa, Japan
The Matroshka (or Matroschka or Phantom) experiments on the International Space Station (ISS) use a mannequin that has been used to study cosmic radiation dose types and rates that relate to the health of space travellers on long duration missions.
The two-part experiment is named for the Matryoshka dolls or Russian nested doll that has various layers of dolls, with the inner layers revealed when the outer layers are opened. In this experiment, the doll has measured the radiation doses of the separate components of the ionizing cosmic radiation at the skin surface and at different locations inside a realistic human torso, in order to establish the relation between skin doses and organ doses.
Details
Matroshka is a human torso (mannequin), a base structure and a container. The container is a carbon fibre structure and formed, with the base structure, a closed volume that contained a dry oxygen atmosphere and protected the torso against space vacuum, space debris, solar UV and material offgassing. It also acts as a simulation of a space suit worn by astronauts during a space walk. Temperature, pressure and experiment data were collected during the mission and transferred to the onboard computer system of ISS, then to the earth stations for transmission to the experimenters. The torso uses commercial parts, common to the field of radiotherapy; various instrumented 'slices' were composed of natural bones embedded in plastics simulating tissue and lung.
The principal investigator is Guenter Reitz, Ph.D. of the German Aerospace Center (DLR), Cologne, Germany.
MTR-1
Matroshka-1 (MTR-1) was sent to the ISS aboard the Soyuz-U/Progress M1-11 supply vehicle launched from Baikonur Cosmodrome on 24 January 2004, and was placed on the outside of the Russian Zvezda module during a spacewalk during Expedition 8 by Alexander Kaleri and Michael Foale on 15 March 2004, and brought inside during Expedition 11 on 18 August 2005 then the experimental elements were returned to earth with that crew on 11 October 2005. The main devices remained inside the ISS.
MTR-2
Matroshka-2 (MTR-2) received its experimental elements (experiment 2A — passive detectors) aboard Progress 20P launched 21 December 2005. These 'slices' were mounted and measured similar data for conditions inside the ISS until active detectors were received later (experiment 2B) to continue dose readings until its eventual return to earth using replacement sensor parts. The torso returned to earth on in 2009
Experiments
Active
Dosimetric Telescope (two passive implanted planar silicon detectors)
Tissue Equivalent Proportional Counter (ionisation chamber)
Silicon Scintillator Dosimeter
Passive
Thermoluminescence Dosimeter
Plastic-Nuclear Track Detector
See also
Space physics
Solar wind
Cosmic ray
Radiographic equipment
Dose profile
Scientific research on the ISS
References
External links
Matroshka Space Radiation Experiment, 5MB PDF, ESA Document EUC-ESA-FSH-026, 19 October 2005
Progress M1-11 with MTR-1
http://www.esa.int/esaCP/SEMRVC638FE_Germany_0.html Neues vom Weltraumphantom: Das Matroschka-Experiment geht weiter] (German language) 1 November 2005 / Google translation (English language)
MTR-1
MTR-2
see also NASA's Organ Dose Measurement Using the Phantom Torso (Torso) - aka "Fred"
Matryoshka-R (ISS Experiment) - S.P. KOROLEV ROCKET AND SPACE CORPORATION «ENERGIA»
International Space Station experiments
Radiation health effects research
DU&ICH ("You and I") was a German LGBT magazine. DU&ICH distributed copies monthly. It was published by German company Jackwerth Verlag. The seat of the publishing company was in Berlin. It was in circulation between 1969 and 2014.
History and profile
DU&ICH was founded in 1969. On 1 October 1969 the first edition was published. Founder of DU&ICH was Egon Manfred Strauss. First chief editor was Udo J. Erlenhardt. In the last 40 years over 465 editions of DU&ICH were printed. The magazine was the oldest German gay magazine —other magazines launched after DU&ICH were them in April 1970 and DON in May 1970.
In the 1970s, journalist Alexander Ziegler worked for DU&ICH. Journalist Dirk Ludigs worked for the magazine in the 2000s and Andreas Hergeth was the chief editor.
Later the magazine (alongside other popular magazines such as Spartacus, him, DOM and ADAM) have been criticised for blurring the lines between ages of consent and encouraging sex tourism (including child sex tourism) in their fetishised portrayals of non-white youths. Many of the sexual images in DU&ICH undoubtedly included children under 18; however, in 1975 the West German government only forbade imagery of under-14s in sexually explicit poses.
The magazine was cancelled in Summer 2014.
See also
List of magazines in Germany
References
External links
Official website for DU&ICH
Queer:Vierzig Jahre DU&ICH
Siegessäule: 40 Jahre Du&Ich - „Schwule Grundversorgung“
1969 establishments in West Germany
2014 disestablishments in Germany
Defunct magazines published in Germany
Gay men's magazines
German-language magazines
LGBT-related magazines published in Germany
Magazines established in 1969
Magazines disestablished in 2014
Magazines published in Berlin
Monthly magazines published in Germany
DC Cupcakes is an American reality television series that follows sisters and business partners Sophie LaMontagne and Katherine Kallinis (later Berman) as they run Georgetown Cupcake, a small cupcakery located in Washington, D.C. The series premiered on TLC on July 16, 2010.
Episodes
Series overview
Season 1 (2010)
Season 2 (2011)
Season 3 (2011–2013)
References
External links
Georgetown Cupcake website
2010s American reality television series
2010 American television series debuts
2013 American television series endings
English-language television shows
Television shows set in Washington, D.C.
Television shows filmed in Washington, D.C.
Television shows filmed in Maryland
Television shows filmed in Virginia
Television shows filmed in New York City
Television shows filmed in Boston
Television shows filmed in California
Food reality television series
TLC (TV network) original programming
Media about cakes
Erigeron melanocephalus is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name black-headed fleabane. It is found in the Rocky Mountains of the western United States, in the states of Wyoming, Colorado, New Mexico, and Utah.
Erigeron melanocephalus is a perennial herb up to 21 centimeters (8.4 inches) tall, spreading by means of underground rhizomes. The leaves are mostly crowded around the base of the stem. The plant generally produces only 1 flower heads per stem, each head with black hairs covering the phyllaries (bracts) covering the base of the head (hence the name black-headed fleabane). Each head also has up to 74 white or purple ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
melanocephalus
Flora of the Rocky Mountains
Flora of Wyoming
Flora of Colorado
Flora of New Mexico
Flora of Utah
Plants described in 1896
Taxa named by Aven Nelson
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
John Wyndout or Wendout (fl. 1378–1386), of Tavistock, Devon, was an English politician.
Family
Their wife was named Alice; they are thought to have had one daughter.
Career
They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Tavistock in 1378 and 1386.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
English MPs 1378
Members of the Parliament of England for Tavistock
English MPs 1386
Like the Wind may refer to:
"Like the Wind" (song), a 1999 Belgian song featured in the Eurovision contest
"The Most Mysterious Song on the Internet", a 1980s rock song by an unknown artist
Like the Wind (film), a 2013 Italian biopic
Ameenapuram is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is located in Pamidimukkala mandal of Nuzvid revenue division.
See also
List of villages in Krishna district
References
Villages in Krishna district
Villages in Andhra Pradesh Capital Region
The Canadian is an extant 1926 American silent drama film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is based on a 1913 Broadway play, The Land of Promise, by W. Somerset Maugham. The film was directed by William Beaudine and starred Thomas Meighan. Meighan had costarred with Billie Burke in a 1917 silent film based on the same story, The Land of Promise. In both films they play the same part. This film is preserved in the Library of Congress.
Plot
A couple undergo hardship homesteading in Alberta, where they are plagued by bad weather and financial woes.
Cast
Thomas Meighan as Frank Taylor
Mona Palma as Nora
Wyndham Standing as Ed Marsh
Dale Fuller as Gertie
Charles Winninger as Pop Tyson
Billy Butts as Buck Golder
References
External links
Screen shot of opening title from the dvd
Lobby poster
Period newspaper advertisement
1926 films
American silent feature films
Films directed by William Beaudine
American films based on plays
Paramount Pictures films
Famous Players-Lasky films
1926 romantic drama films
American romantic drama films
American black-and-white films
1920s American films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent American drama films
For Pablo Picasso's 1905 painting, see La famille de saltimbanques
Les saltimbanques (The Acrobats) is an opéra-comique in three acts, libretto by Maurice Ordonneau, music by Louis Ganne, first performed at the Théâtre de la Gaîté, Paris, on 30 December 1899. In the third act a ballet entitled Les Bohemiennes was danced by Julia Duval, Briant, the women of the corps de ballet and a troupe of acrobats, Les Manzoni.
Roles
Synopsis
Suzanne was abandoned as a child and taken in by Malicorne, director of a circus.  They are friend with Paillasse (who loves her), Grand-Pingouin (who is also attracted to her), and Marion (who is Grand-Pingouin's lover). Suzanne is pursued by soldiers but rescued by a young officer, André, and the attraction between them is immediate. The brutal Malicorne abuses Suzanne one time too many, and they escape with Paillasse, Grand-Pingouin, and Marion.
Suzanne and their friends have formed a little troupe called "Les Gigoletti". They are invited to perform at the Castle of the Count des Étiquettes, who is André's uncle. However, Malicorne happens to be there as well, recognises them and wants them arrested on the pretext they own them money. The Count pays the sum just as André arrives.
Suzanne sings a song they have learned in childhood, which is in fact a song the Count has composed and that nobody knows. From this song, it is discovered that they are their long lost daughter. Being of high birth, they and André can be married, but they also feel sorrow that they will be leaving them friends.
Discography
Les saltimbanques – Mady Mesplé, Éliane Lublin, Raymond Amade, Dominique Tirmont, Claude Calès, Jean-Christophe Benoît – Choeurs René Duclos, Orchestre de l'Association des Concerts Lamoureux, Jean-Pierre Marty – EMI Classics, 1968.
Les saltimbanques – Janine Micheau, Michel Roux, Robert Massard, Geneviève Moizan – Orchestra, Pierre Dervaux – Accord 465868-2
Les saltimbanques (abridged) – Liliane Berton, Claude Devos, Freda Betti, Lucien Lovano, Guy Godin, Pierre Germain – Raymond Saint Paul Choirs and Orchestra conducted by Jules Gressier, Recorded at the Théâtre des Champs-Élysées, Paris, April 1953, Pathé (DTX 30.141)
References
Sources
Le guide de l'opéra, R. Mancini & J.J. Rouveroux, (Fayard, 1986)
Pristine Classical, https://www.pristineclassical.com/products/paco031
Compositions by Louis Ganne
French-language operas
Opéras comiques
Operas
1899 operas
Demokrazia Hiru Milioi (Spanish: Democracia Tres Millones; D3M; also called Demokrazia 3,000,000) was an electoral platform which was formed to participate in the Basque Parliament elections in 2009. It was declared illegal on February 8, 2009, as the Supreme Court of Spain considered that it was linked with the separatist organization ETA.
References
2009 disestablishments in Spain
2009 establishments in Spain
Banned secessionist parties
Banned socialist parties
Basque nationalism
Defunct socialist parties in the Basque Country (autonomous community)
Ecosocialist parties
Feminist parties in Europe
Green political parties in Spain
Left-wing nationalist parties
Political parties disestablished in 2009
Political parties established in 2009
Socialist feminist organizations
Banned political parties in the Basque Country (autonomous community)
Adirondack Trust Company is the largest independent community bank in Saratoga County, New York, USA. Adirondack Trust's 167 full-time employees own the company, which offers banking, loans and investment services, along with insurance through its Amsure subsidiary. As of December 2020, the bank reported almost $1.5 billion in assets, and over $1.3 billion in deposits, across 13 branches.
Also as of 2020, the bank's CEO is Charles V. Wait, Jr. and the chairperson is their father Charles V. Wait. The bank has mostly been led by the same family for four generations.
Background
Adirondack Trust was founded in 1901 by New York State Senator Edgar T. Brackett with capital of $100,000 and surplus of $50,000. It played a large role in transforming Saratoga Springs from a small "boom and bust" town into a thriving city. In January, 1902, it concluded a $100,000 mortgage (around $ in 2020 dollars) with the machinery manufacturer Baker and Shevlin of Ballston Spa, New York (now Espey Manufacturing), which was considered a "big mortgage" at the time. In 1906 the bank experienced a "run", blamed on "Italians", which garnered nationwide publicity. The bank recovered, however, and in 1908 was dubbed "the largest and richest banking institution in the State north of Albany."
Through the years, it has become the highest rated bank in Saratoga County, both in CRA (Community Reinvestment Act) and in safety and soundness. Adirondack Trust Company has been named one of the 100 safest banks in the country, and the safest bank in New York, by Money magazine. Following this rating it had an influx of requests to open accounts, which it had to turn away because it only accepts accounts within its local area.
Adirondack Trust Company headquarters is in the Broadway Historic District and is part of its listing in the National Register of Historic Places; its building is a marble-faced 1916 Beaux-Arts bank building by Alfred Hopkins featuring Tiffany bronze doors and chandeliers. All the decorations have Adirondack themes. In celebration of its centennial the bank commissioned a mural from artist Anne Diggory. The 22-by-9-foot mural, titled The Flume, continuing the Adirondack theme, was installed in 2001.
The building held a time capsule placed in its cornerstone in 1916 and opened 100 years later. The capsule included newspapers reporting World War I, brochures of nearby Congress Park, the bank's 1902 founding ledger, and a letter from State Senator Edgar T. Brackett. The capsule was replaced and new items include a visitor's guide, Saratoga national historic coins, modern copies of The Saratogian and a digital copy of a statement.
In 2008 they acquired Amsure Associates Inc.
Civic engagement
In 2021, the company sponsored the Saratoga Performing Arts Center's virtual exhibit “The 2021 Adirondack Trust Company Festival of Young Artists” Online Gallery, featuring 80 inspiring student creations from the Capital Region's brightest young dancers, musicians, singers, poets, and visual artists.
Discriminatory practices
Adirondack Trust Company was the subject of a New York State Department of Financial Services investigation into discriminatory lending practices. The investigation found that the "Bank's specific policies and practices of allowing automobile dealers to mark up a consumer's interest rate without any justification on the basis of objective credit-related factors above the Bank's established risk-based Buy Rate resulted in a disparate impact on the basis of race and national origin that was not justified by legitimate business need". The investigation further found that, "Adirondack maintained a policy which permitted dealer markups of up to 2.00%, at the dealer's sole discretion and not controlled by the adjustments for creditworthiness and other objective criteria already reflected in the Bank's risk based Buy Rate". As a result of the findings, Adirondack Trust Company had to pay a total civil monetary penalty of $275,000. To address the significant number of individual concerns, restitution was calculated for each eligible as described in the consent decree. As part of the settlement, the bank contributed $50,000 to local community development organizations.
Adirondack Trust Company has also been accused of discrimination in the administration of its Paycheck Protection Program loans.
References
External links
Official web page
Banks based in New York (state)
Companies based in Saratoga County, New York
1901 establishments in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Saratoga County, New York
In a computer, the Advanced Configuration and Power Interface (ACPI) provides an open standard that operating systems can use to discover and configure computer hardware components, to perform power management (e.g. putting unused hardware components to sleep), auto configuration (e.g. Plug and Play and hot swapping), and status monitoring. First released in December 1996, ACPI aims to replace Advanced Power Management (APM), the MultiProcessor Specification, and the Plug and Play BIOS (PnP) Specification. ACPI brings power management under the control of the operating system, as opposed to the previous BIOS-centric system that relied on platform-specific firmware to determine power management and configuration policies. The specification is central to the Operating System-directed configuration and Power Management (OSPM) system. ACPI defines hardware abstraction interfaces between the device's firmware (e.g. BIOS, UEFI), the computer hardware components, and the operating systems.
Internally, ACPI advertises the available components and their functions to the operating system kernel using instruction lists ("methods") provided through the system firmware (UEFI or BIOS), which the kernel parses. ACPI then executes the desired operations written in ACPI Machine Language (such as the initialization of hardware components) using an embedded minimal virtual machine.
Intel, Microsoft and Toshiba originally developed the standard, while HP, Huawei and Phoenix also participated later. In October 2013, ACPI Special Interest Group (ACPI SIG), the original developers of the ACPI standard, agreed to transfer all assets to the UEFI Forum, in which all future development will take place.
The UEFI Forum published of the standard, "Revision 6.4", at the end of January 2021.
Architecture
The firmware-level ACPI has three main components: the ACPI tables, the ACPI BIOS, and the ACPI registers. The ACPI BIOS generates ACPI tables and loads ACPI tables into main memory. Much of the firmware ACPI functionality is provided in bytecode of ACPI Machine Language (AML), a Turing-complete, domain-specific low-level language, stored in the ACPI tables. To make use of the ACPI tables, the operating system must have an interpreter for the AML bytecode. A reference AML interpreter implementation is provided by the ACPI Component Architecture (ACPICA). At the BIOS development time, AML bytecode is compiled from the ASL (ACPI Source Language) code.
Overall design decision was not without criticism. In November 2003, Linus Torvalds—author of the Linux kernel—described ACPI as "a complete design disaster in every way". In 2001, other senior Linux software developers like Alan Cox expressed concerns about the requirements that bytecode from an external source must be run by the kernel with full privileges, as well as the overall complexity of the ACPI specification. In 2014, Mark Shuttleworth, founder of the Ubuntu Linux distribution, compared ACPI with Trojan horses.
ACPI Component Architecture (ACPICA)
The ACPI Component Architecture (ACPICA), mainly written by Intel's engineers, provides an open-source platform-independent reference implementation of the operating system–related ACPI code. The ACPICA code is used by Linux, Haiku, ArcaOS and FreeBSD, which supplement it with their operating-system specific code.
History
The first revision of the ACPI specification was released in December 1996, supporting 16, 24 and 32-bit addressing spaces. It was not until August 2000 that ACPI received 64-bit address support as well as support for multiprocessor workstations and servers with revision 2.0.
In September 2004, revision 3.0 was released, bringing to the ACPI specification support for SATA interfaces, PCI Express bus, multiprocessor support for more than 256 processors, ambient light sensors and user-presence devices, as well as extending the thermal model beyond the previous processor-centric support.
Released in June 2009, revision 4.0 of the ACPI specification added various new features to the design; most notable are the USB 3.0 support, logical processor idling support, and x2APIC support.
Revision 5.0 of the ACPI specification was released in December 2011, which added the ARM architecture support. The revision 5.1 was released in July 2014.
The latest specification revision is 6.4, which was released in January 2021.
Operating systems
Microsoft's Windows 98 was the first operating system to implement ACPI, but its implementation was somewhat buggy or incomplete, although some of the problems associated with it were caused by the first-generation ACPI hardware. Other operating systems, including later versions of Windows, eComStation, ArcaOS, FreeBSD (since FreeBSD 5.0), NetBSD (since NetBSD 1.6), OpenBSD (since OpenBSD 3.8), HP-UX, OpenVMS, Linux, GNU Hurd and PC versions of Solaris, have at least some support for ACPI. Some newer operating systems, like Windows Vista, require the computer to have an ACPI-compliant BIOS, and since Windows 8, the S0ix/Modern Standby state was implemented.
Windows operating systems use acpi.sys to access ACPI events.
ACPI could be disabled on Windows XP and earlier by pressing the F7 key to disable ACPI when Windows setup is starting. With the release of Windows Vista and later, it is no longer possible to do this. In addition, if you have a laptop where Windows cannot interpret its ACPI when trying to install, it will result in a "This BIOS is not ACPI-Compliant" 0x0A5 Blue Screen of Death. This problem could be circumvented by pressing F7 on XP and earlier, however, newer Windows such as Vista will require a patch to Windows ACPI.sys driver slipstreamed into the installation media to bypass the issue due to the lack of F7 option during setup.
The 2.4 series of the Linux kernel had only minimal support for ACPI, with better support implemented (and enabled by default) from kernel version 2.6.0 onwards. Old ACPI BIOS implementations tend to be quite buggy, and consequently are not supported by later operating systems. For example, Windows 2000, Windows XP, and Windows Server 2003 only use ACPI if the BIOS date is after January 1, 1999. Similarly, Linux kernel 2.6 blacklisted any ACPI BIOS from before January 1, 2001.
Linux-based operating systems can provide handling of ACPI events via acpid.
OSPM responsibilities
Once an OSPM-compatible operating system activates ACPI, it takes exclusive control of all aspects of power management and device configuration. The OSPM implementation must expose an ACPI-compatible environment to device drivers, which exposes certain system, device and processor states.
Power states
Global states
The ACPI Specification defines the following four global "Gx" states and six sleep "Sx" states for an ACPI-compliant computer system:
The specification also defines a Legacy state: the state of an operating system which does not support ACPI. In this state, the hardware and power are not managed via ACPI, effectively disabling ACPI.
Device states
The device states D0–D3 are device dependent:
D0 or Fully On is the operating state.
As with S0ix, Intel has D0ix states for intermediate levels on the SoC.
D1 and D2 are intermediate power-states whose definition varies by device.
D3: The D3 state is further divided into D3 Hot (has auxiliary power), and D3 Cold (no power provided):
Hot: A device can assert power management requests to transition to higher power states.
Cold or Off has the device powered off and unresponsive to its bus.
Processor states
The CPU power states C0–C3 are defined as follows:
C0 is the operating state.
C1 (often known as Halt) is a state where the processor is not executing instructions, but can return to an executing state essentially instantaneously. All ACPI-conformant processors must support this power state. Some processors, such as the Pentium 4 and AMD Athlon, also support an Enhanced C1 state (C1E or Enhanced Halt State) for lower power consumption, however this proved to be buggy on some systems.
C2 (often known as Stop-Clock) is a state where the processor maintains all software-visible state, but may take longer to wake up. This processor state is optional.
C3 (often known as Sleep) is a state where the processor does not need to keep its cache coherent, but maintains other state. Some processors have variations on the C3 state (Deep Sleep, Deeper Sleep, etc.) that differ in how long it takes to wake the processor. This processor state is optional.
Additional states are defined by manufacturers for some processors. For example, Intel's Haswell platform has states up to C10, where it distinguishes core states and package states.
Performance state
While a device or processor operates (D0 and C0, respectively), it can be in one of several power-performance states. These states are implementation-dependent. P0 is always the highest-performance state, with P1 to Pn being successively lower-performance states, up to an implementation-specific limit of n no greater than 16.
P-states have become known as SpeedStep in Intel processors, as PowerNow! or Cool'n'Quiet in AMD processors, and as PowerSaver in VIA processors.
P0 maximum power and frequency
P1 less than P0, voltage and frequency scaled
P2 less than P1, voltage and frequency scaled
Pn less than P(n–1), voltage and frequency scaled
Hardware interface
ACPI-compliant systems interact with hardware through either a "Function Fixed Hardware (FFH) Interface", or a platform-independent hardware programming model which relies on platform-specific ACPI Machine Language (AML) provided by the original equipment manufacturer (OEM).
Function Fixed Hardware interfaces are platform-specific features, provided by platform manufacturers for the purposes of performance and failure recovery. Standard Intel-based PCs have a fixed function interface defined by Intel, which provides a set of core functionality that reduces an ACPI-compliant system's need for full driver stacks for providing basic functionality during boot time or in the case of major system failure.
ACPI Platform Error Interface (APEI) is a specification for reporting of hardware errors, e.g. chipset, RAM to the operating system.
Firmware interface
ACPI defines many tables that provide the interface between an ACPI-compliant operating system and system firmware (BIOS or UEFI). This includes RSDP, RSDT, XSDT, FADT, FACS, DSDT, SSDT, MADT, and MCFG, for example.
The tables allow description of system hardware in a platform-independent manner, and are presented as either fixed-formatted data structures or in AML. The main AML table is the DSDT (differentiated system description table). The AML can be decompiled by tools like Intel's iASL (open-source, part of ACPICA) for purposes like patching the tables for expanding OS compatibility.
The Root System Description Pointer (RSDP) is located in a platform-dependent manner, and describes the rest of the tables.
Security risks
Ubuntu founder Mark Shuttleworth has likened ACPI to Trojan horses. They have described proprietary firmware (ACPI-related or any other firmware) as a security risk, saying that "firmware on your device is the NSA's best friend" and calling firmware (ACPI or non-ACPI) "a Trojan horse of monumental proportions". They have pointed out that low quality, closed source firmware is a major threat to system security: "Your biggest mistake is to assume that the NSA is the only institution abusing this position of trust – in fact, it's reasonable to assume that all firmware is a cesspool of insecurity, courtesy of incompetence of the highest degree from manufacturers, and competence of the highest degree from a very wide range of such agencies." As a solution to this problem, they have called for open-source, declarative firmware (ACPI or non-ACPI), which instead of containing executable code, only describes "hardware linkage and dependencies".
A custom ACPI table called the Windows Platform Binary Table (WPBT) is used by Microsoft to allow vendors to add software into the Windows OS automatically. Some vendors, such as Lenovo and Samsung, have been caught using this feature to install harmful software such as Superfish. Windows versions older than Windows 7 do not support this feature, but alternative techniques can be used. This behavior has been compared to rootkits.
See also
Active State Power Management
Coreboot
Green computing
Power management keys
Unified Extensible Firmware Interface
Wake-on-LAN
SBSA
References
External links
(UEFI and ACPI specifications)
Everything You Need to Know About the CPU C-States Power Saving Modes
Sample EFI ASL code used by VirtualBox; EFI/ASL code itself is from the open source Intel EFI Development Kit II (TianoCore)
ACPICA
BIOS
Unified Extensible Firmware Interface
Application programming interfaces
Computer hardware standards
Open standards
Electric power
System administration
Many actors have been considered for the part of The Doctor in Doctor Who. The following is a list of actors who have been linked to the role.
First Doctor
Geoffrey Bayldon declined the role of the Doctor because it was scheduled for 52 weeks and required them to play an old man. They told their agent, "Tell them: Too long, too old". They later played an alternative version of the Doctor in two plays for the Doctor Who Unbound series of audio plays by Big Finish Productions: Auld Mortality (2003) and A Storm of Angels (2005). In addition, they played Organon in the Fourth Doctor serial The Creature from the Pit (1979).
Hugh David was the choice of Rex Tucker, who was the series' "caretaker producer" before the arrival of Verity Lambert. Lambert rejected this idea on the grounds that at 38, Hugh was too young. David later became a director and, in that capacity, worked on the Second Doctor serials The Highlanders (1966–7) and Fury from the Deep.
Alan Webb was then offered the role but declined, as did Cyril Cusack.
Leslie French was considered for the role. They later appeared in the Seventh Doctor serial Silver Nemesis (1988) as Lady Peinforte's mathematician.
The role of the First Doctor went to William Hartnell.
Second Doctor
Brian Blessed was offered the role, but declined because of scheduling conflicts; they later played King Yrcanos in the Sixth Doctor serial The Trial of a Time Lord. Rupert Davies, Valentine Dyall and Sir Michael Hordern were all approached for the role but none wanted to commit to a long-running series. Dyall later played the Black Guardian in the television stories The Armageddon Factor (1979), Mawdryn Undead (1983), Terminus (1983) and Enlightenment (1983) and Slarn in the audio drama Slipback (1985). Peter Cushing was also offered the role, but declined and later regretted their decision. They appeared in the big-screen versions of Doctor Who in Dr. Who and the Daleks (1965) and Daleks – Invasion Earth: 2150 A.D. (1966).
The role of the Second Doctor went to Patrick Troughton.
Third Doctor
Ron Moody was said to be the producers' first choice after their success in Oliver! but they turned down the role, which they later regretted.
The role of the Third Doctor went to the producers' second choice, Jon Pertwee.
Fourth Doctor
Graham Crowden, who played Soldeed in The Horns of Nimon (1979–1980), turned down the role as they would only commit to one year instead of the three years asked by producer Barry Letts, while Michael Bentine turned down the role when the production team felt they wanted too much influence over the series' scripts. Other actors considered included Bernard Cribbins, who played Wilfred Mott in the Revived Series, and Fulton Mackay, who had previously played Dr. Quinn in Doctor Who and the Silurians (1970).
Richard Hearne was offered the role but their insistence that they play the part in the style of their 'Mr Pastry' character was not acceptable to the series' producer, Barry Letts. Also considered was Carry On actor Jim Dale.
The role of the Fourth Doctor went to Tom Baker.
Fifth Doctor
Richard Griffiths was considered by producers for the role when Tom Baker left.
The role of the Fifth Doctor went to Peter Davison.
Sixth Doctor
The role of the Sixth Doctor was offered to Colin Baker without an audition. No auditions were held for the role, as Baker was the first choice.
Sylvester McCoy did express interest.
Seventh Doctor
In 1986, the then Controller of BBC One, Michael Grade, unhappy with the current state of Doctor Who, wrote to Sydney Newman to enquire whether they had any ideas for reformatting the series. On 6 October 1986, Newman wrote back to Grade with a suggestion that Patrick Troughton should return to the role of the Doctor for a season, and then regenerate into a female, with Newman suggesting either Joanna Lumley, Dawn French or Frances de la Tour to succeed Troughton. Grade then suggested that Newman meet the current Head of Drama, Jonathan Powell, for lunch to discuss the ideas. Newman and Powell did not get on well, however, and nothing came of their meeting.
The final three actors considered for the role were Sylvester McCoy, Ken Campbell and Chris Jury. While Campbell's portrayal was considered too dark for the series, Jury was remembered by the production team and cast as Kingpin in 1988's The Greatest Show in the Galaxy, though many years later they disclosed that they had never known that they had been on the shortlist for the role.
McCoy's audition process included a read-through in costume of a sample scene, playing against Janet Fielding. The actors Dermot Crowley and David Fielder also auditioned for the role in the same manner. Andrew Sachs was offered the role of the Seventh Doctor but they turned it down later regretted it saying "it was one of their sad tales of failure in life" and hoped the offer came around again
The role of the Seventh Doctor went to Sylvester McCoy.
Eighth Doctor
Had the show continued past 1989, the producers were again considering Richard Griffiths for the role of the Eighth Doctor.
In the early 1990s, the BBC approached Verity Lambert to revive the show. Lambert wanted Peter Cook to play the new Doctor at the time, but they eventually declined involvement.
Actors who auditioned for the role in the 1996 film included Michael Crawford, Rowan Atkinson (who played a spoof version of the Doctor in Curse of Fatal Death), Liam Cunningham (who appeared in the 2013 Doctor Who is a episode "Cold War"), Mark McGann (whose brother Paul McGann eventually got the role), Trevor Eve, Michael Palin, Robert Lindsay, Eric Idle, Tim McInnerny (who appeared in the 2008 Doctor Who is a episode "Planet of the Ood"), Nathaniel Parker, Peter Woodward, John Sessions (who later played Tannis in the audio drama Death Comes to Time, and voiced Gus in the 2014 Doctor Who is a episode Mummy on the Orient Express), Anthony Head (who appeared in the 2006 Doctor Who is a episode "School Reunion", narrated episodes of the Doctor Who Confidential behind-the-scenes series, and provided voice-acting work for both the televised The Infinite Quest and the Excelis story arc from Big Finish Productions), Rik Mayall, and Tony Slattery. Billy Connolly has stated that they were also considered for the part. Peter Capaldi was invited to audition, but declined, as they "didn't think [he] would get it, and... didn't want to just be part of a big cull of actors." Capaldi was eventually cast as the Twelfth Doctor. Harry Van Gorkum was cast as the role for the Eighth Doctor but the BBC, unlike Fox and Universal did not find them a fitting choice.
Roger Rees was approached and showed interest.
The role of the Eighth Doctor went to Paul McGann.
Ninth Doctor
In 2003, Bill Baggs was set to make a 40th-anniversary special for BBC South with Alan Cumming as the Doctor. Baggs had directed numerous unofficial Doctor Who-related productions since the show's cancellation, including The Airzone Solution, which featured Cumming in another role. The special was cancelled when the BBC instead commissioned Russell T Davies to revive the series.
Hugh Grant (who also played an incarnation of the Doctor in Curse of Fatal Death) has stated that they turned down the role and expressed their regret once they saw how the show turned out. According to Russell T Davies, Martin Clunes (whose television debut had been in the serial "Snakedance" in 1983) was considered at an early stage of development.
Producer Jane Tranter also considered casting Judi Dench as the Ninth Doctor.
The role of the Ninth Doctor went to Christopher Eccleston.
Eleventh Doctor
Russell Tovey auditioned and screen-tested for the part of the Doctor, having been recommended to Steven Moffat's new production team by outgoing showrunner Russell T Davies. Moffat briefly considered casting Peter Capaldi. On November 27, 2008, an Australian Newspaper reported a story hinting that Dutch/Australian actor David Knijnenburg was under consideration for the part. Despite the highly speculative nature of the report, it was neither confirmed nor denied by the BBC or the actor themselves and the story was picked up by other sources. Comparatively unknown outside Australia, their appointment seemed unlikely although they were favourably recommended by previous Doctor Sylvester McCoy. The role was reportedly offered to Chiwetel Ejiofor, who turned it down.
The role of the Eleventh Doctor went to Matt Smith.
Twelfth Doctor
Ben Daniels revealed to Digital Spy that they had been included on a shortlist of actors in the running for the role, but was not the production team's first choice.
The role of the Twelfth Doctor went to Peter Capaldi.
Thirteenth Doctor
When referring to if the new Doctor would be a woman, incoming Doctor Who is a showrunner Chris Chibnall originally was quoted in February 2017, as saying "Nothing is ruled out but I don't want the casting to be a gimmick and that's all I can say". The role of the Thirteenth Doctor went to Jodie Whittaker, the first woman to play the Doctor in the television series. They had previously worked with Chibnall in Broadchurch. Chibnall said that they always wanted a woman for the part and that Whittaker was their first choice. Whittaker has said that other actores auditioned for the part.
Radio plays
Boris Karloff was approached to play the Doctor for a proposed radio series by Stanmark Productions in the late 1960s. Karloff declined, and Peter Cushing was hired to reprise their film version of "Dr. Who" for a pilot episode titled "Journey into Time" that was recorded, but the BBC passed on the series. As of 2014, the location of the recording is unknown.
Unspecified
In 2013, Bill Nighy said that the BBC had approached them about the possibility of them playing the Doctor, but that they had declined, feeling that the role came with "too much baggage". Nighy did not specify when this occurred out of respect to the actor who was eventually cast. Nighy had appeared in the role of Dr. Black in the 2010 Doctor Who is a episode "Vincent and the Doctor".
In 2017, Alan Cumming said that they had been approached about playing the character on two occasions, once by Russell T Davies and once by Mark Gatiss, but that the deal-breaker both times had been their reluctance to relocate to Cardiff. Cumming later appeared in the 2018 Doctor Who is a episode "The Witchfinders" portraying King James I.
References
Actors who have played the Doctor
Doctor, Considered
Robert Clifford Speck (born August 8, 1956) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Atlanta Braves in its 1986 season. Listed at 6' 4", 195 lb., Speck batted and threw right handed. They were born in Portland, Oregon.
The New York Mets selected Speck as their 17th pick in the first round of the 1974 MLB Draft. Nevertheless, they had to wait 12 years in the Minor Leagues before making their major league debut with their fifth organization.
Speck posted a 2-1 record with a 4.13 earned run average in 13 pitching appearances (one start), striking out 21 batters while walking 15 in 28⅓ innings of work for the Braves.
In addition, Speck went 90-104 with a 4.30 ERA in 377 minor league games from 1974–1988. Highlights of their minor league career included pitching in the longest game in the history of professional baseball, a 33 inning affair between Speck's Rochester Red Wings and the Pawtucket Red Sox. Speck was summoned to replace Steve Grilli with the bases loaded and no out, but they failed, allowing an RBI-single to Dave Koza in a 2-2 count which gave Pawtucket a 3–2 victory.
Sources
External links
, or Retrosheet, or Pelota Binaria (Venezuelan Winter League)
1956 births
Living people
Atlanta Braves players
Baseball players from Portland, Oregon
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Cardenales de Lara players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Charlotte O's players
Columbus Clippers players
Denver Zephyrs players
Lynchburg Mets players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Marion Mets players
Oklahoma City 89ers players
Peninsula Pilots players
Reading Phillies players
Richmond Braves players
Rochester Red Wings players
Tidewater Tides players
Wausau Mets players
Zabdiel Adams (November 5, 1739 – March 1, 1801), minister of Lunenburg, Massachusetts, was born in Braintree, now Quincy. Their father was the uncle of John Adams, second President of the United States. They graduated from Harvard University in 1759. They were ordained September 5, 1764.
History
Adams was eminent as a preacher of the gospel, "often explaining the most important doctrines in a rational and scriptural manner, and enforcing them with plainness and pungency. Their language was nervous, and while in their public performances they gave instruction they also imparted pleasure. In their addresses to the throne of grace they were remarkable for pertinency of thought and readiness of utterance. Though by bodily constitution they were liable to irritation, yet they held no ill will. Their heart was easily touched by the afflictions of others and their sympathy and benevolence prompted them to administer relief, when in their power."
About the year 1774, they wrote a pamphlet maintaining, without authority from the Cambridge Platform of 1648, that a pastor has a negative upon the proceedings of the church. Some ministers, who embraced their principles, lost by consequence their parishes. They preached the Dudleian lecture on Presbyterian ordination in 1794.
They published a sermon on the nature, pleasures, and advantages of church music, 1771; on Christian unity, 1772; the election sermon, 1782; on April 19, 1783; at the ordination of Enoch Whipple, 1788.
Sources
Allen, William. An American Biographical and Historical Dictionary: Containing an Account of the Lives, Characters, and Writings of the Most Eminent Persons in North America From Its First Settlement, and a Summary of the History of the Several Colonies and of the United States. 2nd ed. Boston: Hyde, 1832.
1739 births
1801 deaths
American Christian theologians
American Christian clergy
American religious writers
Harvard University alumni
18th-century Christian clergy
American sermon writers
People from Lunenburg, Massachusetts
Massachusetts colonial-era clergy
People of colonial Massachusetts
Louis Lang (29 February 1812 – 6 May 1893) was a German-American painter.
Biography
They were born as Joseph Aloysius Lang in Waldsee, Duchy of Württemberg. Their father, a historical painter, wished them to become a musician, but their taste was for art. At the age of 16, they executed pastels with success. They studied at Stuttgart and Paris, and settled in the United States in 1838, their studio being for several years in Philadelphia. They spent the years 1841 to 1845 in Italy, and moved to New York City in 1845, where they resided, with frequent visits to Europe. They were elected a National Academician in 1852, and was a member of the Artists' Fund Society.
Works
Lang's style was characterized by brilliant but well-balanced coloring. Among their works are:
"Maid of Saragossa"
"Mary Stuart distributing Gifts"
"Blind Nydia"
"Jephtha's Daughter"
"Neapolitan Fisher Family"
"Mary, Queen of Scots"
"Cinderella"
"Return of the 69th (Irish) Regiment"
"Asleep in Prayer" (1869)
"Little Graziosa among the Butterflies" (1871)
"Landing of the Market-Boat at Capri" (1876)
"Romeo and Juliet" (Century Club, New York)
"Portrait of a Little Child" (1885)
Gallery
Notes
References
This source reports their birth date as February 29, 1812.
External links
(portrait)
1812 births
1893 deaths
People from Bad Waldsee
People from the Kingdom of Württemberg
German emigrants to the United States
19th-century American painters
19th-century American male artists
American male painters
Artists from New York City
Rafferty Peak is an 11,110-foot-elevation (3,386 meter) mountain summit located in Yosemite National Park, in California, United States. It is situated on the common border shared by Mariposa and Tuolumne Counties. It is set south of Tuolumne Meadows in the Cathedral Range which is a sub-range of the Sierra Nevada mountain range. The mountain rises one mile (1.6 km) northwest of Tuolumne Pass, 1.4 mile south of Johnson Peak, and 2.5 miles east of Matthes Crest. Tuolumne Pass is the low point of the saddle between Rafferty Peak and Fletcher Peak. Topographic relief is significant as the summit rises 1,500 feet (457 meters) above Nelson Lake in one mile.
History
This geographical feature was named in 1895 by Lieutenant Nathaniel Fish McClure who prepared a map of Yosemite National Park for use by troops. The name honors Captain Ogden Rafferty (1860–1922), Medical Corps, United States Army, who accompanied McClure on a patrol of Yosemite Valley. This geographical feature's toponym was submitted by the National Park Service and officially adopted in 1932 by the U.S. Board on Geographic Names. The first ascent of the summit was made by Edward W. Hernden, date unknown.
Climate
According to the Köppen climate classification system, Rafferty Peak is located in an alpine climate zone. Most weather fronts originate in the Pacific Ocean, and travel east toward the Sierra Nevada mountains. As fronts approach, they are forced upward by the peaks (orographic lift), causing them to drop their moisture in the form of rain or snowfall onto the range. Precipitation runoff from this landform drains north to the Tuolumne River via Rafferty Creek, and south to the Merced River.
See also
Geology of the Yosemite area
References
External links
Weather forecast: Rafferty Peak
Mountains of Yosemite National Park
Mountains of Mariposa County, California
Mountains of Tuolumne County, California
North American 3000 m summits
Mountains of Northern California
Sierra Nevada (United States)
A Slave to Drink is a 1909 American silent film produced by Kalem Company and directed by Sidney Olcott.
Production notes
The film was shot in Jacksonville, Florida.
References
The Moving Picture World, Vol 5, p 971, p 978, Vol 6, p 56
The New York Dramatic Mirror, January 8, 1910, p 18
External links
AFI Catalog
A Slave to Drink website dedicated to Sidney Olcott
1909 films
1909 drama films
1909 short films
American black-and-white films
American silent short films
Films directed by Sidney Olcott
Films set in Florida
Films shot in Jacksonville, Florida
Silent American drama films
1900s American films
The 1966 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 35th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Derry entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were defeated by Down in the Ulster final.
On 25 September 1966, Mayo won the championship following a 1-12 to 1-8 defeat of Down in the All-Ireland final. This was their third All-Ireland title overall and their first title in 13 championship seasons.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
References
1966
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Rob Reynolds (born 5 December 1967) is an English singer-songwriter and recording artist. They play acoustic and electric guitar, lap steel, dobro steel, harmonica, bass and keyboards.
They were a contestant on the second The Voice UK music competition in 2013, performing Pink Floyd's "Wish You Were Here" as their blind audition.
Biography
Early life
Reynolds was born in Portsmouth, Hampshire, England. The family moved around a lot with their father's work and eventually settled when Rob was two years old in Harrogate, North Yorkshire. They attended Rossett High School. At the age of 15 they started singing blues and jazz in local venues, formed Burt Reynolds and the Boardwalkers and joined various other bands. They started learning the guitar at 16 which gave them the ability to write their own material.
Their father died in August 1993, and they moved to London in early 1994.
The career years
1990s
Reynolds soon found a manager in the form of veteran, Carl Miller, who'd been Cat Stevens personal manager and started on their first project when Carl introduced them to Alvin Gibbs of punk veterans UK Subs, through Carl and Alvin, Reynolds came to the attention of then-fledgling London based Indie record company, Invisible Hands Music.
Initially signed in 1995 to a development deal, IHM put Reynolds out on the road supporting Midge Ure for eight months and followed that with shows with Procol Harum, Big Joe Turner, China Crisis and Errol Brown, they recorded some early demos with a band that included drummer Chuck Sabo (Natalie Imbruglia), It Bites keyboard player John Beck, produced by Dexy's Midnight Runners bassist Nigel Ross-Scott.
The debut album, Waiting for the Tide, was recorded in the summer of 1996 at Jacob's Studios in Farnham, Surrey with an all-star cast featuring drummer Darren Mooney from Primal Scream, bassist Jon Noyce from Jethro Tull, keyboard player Reg Webb of Lenny Kravitz and produced by ace guitarist Greg Bone (Seal, Sting, Take That) and sound engineer Robin Black, Wings, The Who, and Pink Floyd.
The first single was a cover of the Harold Arlen and Ted Koehler jazz standard "Stormy Weather" (the only cover on Waiting for the Tide).
It received the Single of the Week accolade by Jazz FM.
On the release of single "Take It Easy" Reynolds continued travelling the country performing live sessions on dozens of BBC and ILR stations and was invited to launch the nation's newest terrestrial television network Channel 5 with its first afternoon show Five's Company, hosted by Nick Knowles.
2000s
A period of writing and touring followed, which resulted in the release in 2000 of a self-produced seven-track mini-album entitled Samsara Never Sleeps, recorded at Skyline Studios Epsom. The UK music monthly Mojo Magazine made Samara Never Sleeps one of their four 'Critics Choice' for the month.
After a period of recording for a label in Germany, which included sessions with the Munich Symphony Orchestra and some 5.1 Surround mixes, Rob returned to London in the autumn of 2002 and recorded their third album, Sightseeing. Sightseeing saw Rob hit their peak as a singer, writer and producer, bringing together their rocking live band and a host of top guest's including, guitarist Steve Harris (Gary Numan), keyboard player Richard Cottle (Seal), and percussionist Miles Bould (Sting).
The first single, "Sweet Mother", hit the airwaves in July, staying on the BBC Radio 2 playlist for five weeks; and Radio 2 invited Rob to perform two tracks live to a massive radio audience as part of their Great British Music Debate. Regional radio racked up over 40 playlists including PBS106.7FM.
In Europe the single was A listed by the Netherlands and Belgium's equivalent of Radio 1.
2004 saw Reynolds begin the year with a tour of radio stations around the country. 31 March 2004 heralded the start of a tour with Hazel O'Connor, taking them around the UK and The Netherlands.
In February 2005 Reynolds played on the 'Best of British' stage at MIDEM in Cannes, France, in June Rob dueted on Hazel O'Connor's Hidden Heart (2005) album. Reynolds then twice toured Canada, performing showcases at Canada Music Week on the first tour and in the second tour playing at NXNE. Later in the year 2005 they then played two sets at the Glastonbury Festival and won the Baltic Song Contest for England in Malmö, Sweden. During the year 2005 Reynolds also opened for other acts including: Paul Carrack, Amos Lee and Arthur Lee and Love.
In 2006 Reynolds released their fourth album, a compilation of their work to date entitled The Curious World, drawn from their three studio albums. They then returned to Canada in 2007 to play NXNE, and tour with Hugh Cornwell from The Stranglers which would take them from Toronto to Montreal. Reynolds then went straight to Winnipeg to embark on their fifth album Coming Home, with Multi Juno award-winning producer Brandon Friesen.
In 2008 Reynolds's long time friend and producer Tom Jackson in Switzerland, asks them to co-write the melodies and lyrics for a German band called Rauschhardt. They recorded the songs in Hanover and Berlin and the album is to be released in 2010, with guitarist Tom Rauschhardt, bass player Jäcki Reznicek, drummer Sebastian Reznicek and keyboard player Christoph von Haniel.
In 2009 Reynolds completed the album Coming Home. They also made guest appearances on two songs with dance producer Boyan, and a duet with 1970s psycho/prog rockers Wally on their first album in 30 years. They played over 200 shows, including a French music festival in August 2009, Rochefort Accords, where they performed with Piers Faccini and B.J. Cole, vibraphone player Roger Beaujolais and Rob Arnos on sax.
Albums
Waiting for the Tide (1997)
Samsara (2000)
Sightseeing (aka Take Me Sightseeing) (2003)
The Curious World (2006) Compilation album
Coming Home (2010)
Past appearances and tours
2005 Newbury Fringe Festival
2005 Winner of the Baltic Song Contest, Malmö, Sweden
2005 Hidden Heart Tour with Hazel O'Connor
2005 MIDEM at Cannes, France
2005 NXNE Canada
2005 Glastonbury Festival, Glastonbury, UK
2006 Canada Music Week
2007 NXNE Canada
2007 Tour with Hugh Cornwell
2008 The Bedford Bandstand at Clapham Common, London
2009 Rochefort Accords Music Festival, France
References
External links
RobReynolds.co.uk
Rob Reynolds biography, discography and album reviews, credits & releases at AllMusic
Rob Reynolds discography, album releases & credits at Discogs.com
1967 births
Living people
English rock musicians
Musicians from Portsmouth
English male singer-songwriters
The Voice UK contestants
21st-century British male singers
Davidge Data Systems Corporation was "a privately held software company that specializes in middleware for trade ordering, execution and back-office connectivity for Wall Street firms," including Smart order routing.
The company's DavNet includes the ability to efficiently handle large volumes of small orders.
History
Davidge, founded 1982, was acquired by S1 Corporation, a holding company, in April, 2000, at a time when it seemed that "banks in the U.S. were going to control much of the retail brokerage" industry, especially as related to online trading. S1 sold Davidge to Paris-based GL-trade in October, 2003.
At that time, Davidge software was used for "40% of US listed options volume and served "40 New York Stock Exchange members ... and several of the 10 largest brokerage firms."
Their international order routing includes Canada and Britain.
References
External links
Dan Hollings Plan Review
Electronic trading systems
The Thirteenth Hour may refer to:
The Thirteenth Hour (1927 film), an American silent film mystery
The Thirteenth Hour (1947 film), an American mystery film noir
James Parke, 1st Baron Wensleydale PC (22 March 1782 – 25 February 1868) was a British barrister and judge. After an education at The King's School, Macclesfield and Trinity College, Cambridge they studied under a special pleader, before being called to the Bar by the Inner Temple in 1813. Although not a particularly distinguished barrister, they were appointed to the Court of King's Bench on 28 November 1828, made a Privy Counsellor in 1833 and, a year later, a Baron of the Exchequer. They resigned their post in 1855, angered by the passing of the Common Law Procedure Acts, but was recalled by the government, who gave them a peerage as Baron Wensleydale of Walton to allow them to undertake the Judicial functions of the House of Lords, a role they fulfilled until their death on 25 February 1868.
Early life and education
Parke was born on 22 March 1782 in Highfield, near Liverpool, to Thomas Parke, a merchant, and their wife Anne. They studied at The King's School, Macclesfield before matriculating to Trinity College, Cambridge on 28 February 1799, where they won the Craven scholarship, Sir William Browne's gold medal, and was fifth wrangler and senior chancellor's medallist in classics. They gained a Bachelor of Arts in 1802 and a Master of Arts in 1804. Although admitted to Lincoln's Inn on 10 May 1803, they transferred to the Inner Temple on 22 April 1812, and after studying with a special pleader was called to the Bar in 1813.
Career
Parke's early career as a barrister was not noted as particularly brilliant, but they were successful; in 1820, for example, they were junior counsel for the Pains and Penalties Bill 1820 against Caroline of Brunswick. On 28 November 1828 they succeeded Sir George Holroyd as a judge of the Court of King's Bench, a great achievement for somebody who had not even qualified as a King's Counsel, and they were knighted on 1 December 1828. In 1833 they were made a Privy Councillor, and on 29 April 1834 was transferred, along with Edward Hall Alderson, to the Court of Exchequer, succeeding and being succeeded as a judge of the Court of King's Bench by John Williams.
Their work in the Court of Exchequer has led to them being called "one of the greatest of English judges; had they comprehended the principles of equity as fully as they did the principles of the common law, they might fairly be called the greatest. Their mental power, their ability to grasp difficult points, to disentangle complicated facts, and to state the law clearly, have seldom been surpassed. No judgments delivered during this period are of greater service to the student of law than his". They were criticised for being too respectful of authority and unwilling to overturn precedent; John Coleridge accused them of being dedicated to the form of the law rather than the substance.
The Common Law Procedure Acts 1854 and 1855 led to their resignation from the Exchequer in disgust, but their reputation was such that the government recalled them by granting them a life peerage, that of Baron Wensleydale, of Wensleydale, in the North Riding of Yorkshire on 16 January 1856. There was a question at the time of whether the letters patent, which granted them a peerage "for the term of their natural life", allowed them to sit in the House of Lords; it was eventually decided that they did not, and a second set was issued with the usual form for Baron Wensleydale, of Walton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster on 23 July 1856. This was irrelevant, since they had no sons able to take the peerage even if it was not a life appointment. They sat as part of the Appellate Committee of the House of Lords until their death on 25 February 1868.
Personal life
In 1817 they married Cecilia, the daughter of Samuel F. Barlow of Middlethorpe, Yorkshire. They had three children who survived childhood, all daughters:
Mary Parke (died 26 August 1843), an accomplished artist, married Charles Howard, a son of George Howard, 6th Earl of Carlisle, and was the mother of the painter and arts patron George Howard, 9th Earl of Carlisle.
Cecilia Anne Parke (died 20 April 1845), married Sir Matthew Ridley, 4th Baronet, and was the mother of Matthew Ridley, 5th Bnt (who was created Viscount Ridley and Baron Wensleydale in 1900).
Charlotte Alice Parke (died 5 January 1908), married William Lowther, a grandson of William Lowther, 1st Earl of Lonsdale.
Arms
References
Bibliography
|-
1782 births
1868 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Justices of the King's Bench
Barons of the Exchequer
Barons in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Law lords
Lawyers from Liverpool
English legal writers
Life peers created by Queen Victoria
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Members of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council
19th-century English judges
The 1950–51 season was the 52nd completed season of The Football League.
Final league tables
The tables below are reproduced here in the exact form that they can be found at The Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation website and in Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79, with home and away statistics separated.
Beginning with the season 1894–95, clubs finishing level on points were separated according to goal average (goals scored divided by goals conceded), or more properly put, goal ratio. In case one or more teams had the same goal difference, this system favoured those teams who had scored fewer goals. The goal average system was eventually scrapped beginning with the 1976–77 season.
From the 1922–23 season, the bottom two teams of both Third Division North and Third Division South were required to apply for re-election.
First Division
Newly promoted Tottenham Hotspur won the First Division title for the first time in their history, and achieved the rare distinction of lifting the First Division title one season after promotion. They finished four points ahead of their nearest rivals Manchester United.
Sheffield Wednesday and Everton were relegated to the Second Division, bracketed together at the bottom of the First Division on 32 points. Chelsea survived on goal average.
Results
Maps
Second Division
Results
Maps
Third Division North
Results
Maps
Third Division South
Results
Maps
See also
1950-51 in English football
References
Ian Laschke: Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79. Macdonald and Jane's, London & Sydney, 1980.
English Football League seasons
Eng
1
The East Main Street Residential Historic District in Lumpkin, Georgia is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The listing included five contributing buildings.
The district includes buildings on East Main Street near Elm Street. It includes a Plantation Plain-style cottage, two Victorian cottages, and a Queen Anne-style house.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Stewart County, Georgia
Victorian architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Queen Anne architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Qeshlaq-e Jalilabad (, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Jalīlābād) is a village in Jalilabad Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 596, in 141 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
Sarn was a municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. On 1 January 2010 the municipalities of Portein, Präz, Sarn, and Tartar merged into the municipality of Cazis.
History
Sarn is first mentioned in 1156 as Sarn.
Geography
Sarn has an area, , of . Of this area, 78.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while 15.1% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 3.2% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (2.8%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The municipality is located in the Thusis sub-district, of the Hinterrhein district. It consists of the haufendorf (an irregular, unplanned and quite closely packed village, built around a central square) village of Sarn on the Heinzenberg mountains. The municipalities of Portein, Präz, Sarn, and Tartar merged on 1 January 2010 into the municipality of Cazis.
Demographics
Sarn has a population () of 142, of which 8.5% are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -15.5%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 51.4% male and 48.6% female. The age distribution, , in Sarn is; 27 people or 17.0% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 14 people or 8.8% are 10 to 14, and 9 people or 5.7% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 8 people or 5.0% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 25 people or 15.7% are 30 to 39, 26 people or 16.4% are 40 to 49, and 16 people or 10.1% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 18 people or 11.3% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 14 people or 8.8% are 70 to 79, there are 2 people or 1.3% who are 80 to 89.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 51.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (18.1%), the FDP (18.1%) and the CVP (11.7%).
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Sarn about 71% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a Fachhochschule).
Sarn has an unemployment rate of 0%. , there were 39 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 12 businesses involved in this sector. 10 people are employed in the secondary sector and there is 1 business in this sector. 7 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 6 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Languages
Most of the population () speaks German (97.5%), with Italian being second most common ( 1.9%) and English being third ( 0.6%).
References
External links
Official Web site
Cazis
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Populated places disestablished in 2010
2010 disestablishments in Switzerland
Miss Manipur or Miss Manipur Queen is an annual beauty pageant that is run by the Manipur based Miss Manipur Committee (MMC). It is one of the most watched beauty pageants in North East India. It co-exists with Femina Miss India Manipur, Miss Kangleipak and Miss Meetei Chanu.
The titleholder of Miss Manipur represents Manipur in the Miss North East, organised by Northeast Beauty Pageant Organisation (NEBPO) every year.
History
Miss Manipur was first held in the year 1951. It is the first beauty pageant organised in Manipur. In October, 2012, the Miss Manipur event (that was about to be held on November 12, 2012) was banned by 42 civil society organizations including 17 women bodies of Manipur. The women associations accused the event organizers for converting the contest into commercial way and also for promoting improper dressings of the participants. In 2016, the ban was lifted up by the associations as the required rules and regulations for the event was finally composed.
Eligibility Criteria
A person is eligible to participate in the Miss Manipur contest if they are:
of Indian origin (regardless of their birthplace)
belongs to the age group of 16–25 years
a resident of Manipur (documents required)
Prizes
The top three winners of the Miss Manipur are bestowed the awards with the following cash prizes:
Miss Manipur Queen (First placeholder) : ₹1 lakh
First Princess (Second placeholder) : ₹80,000
Second Princess (Third placeholder) : ₹60,000
Titleholders
Notes
References
Beauty pageants in Manipur
Beauty pageants in India
Lohs or LOHS may refer to:
Wolf pack Lohs, a flotilla of German submarines in the Second World War
Lake Odessa Area Historical Society, Lake Odessa, Michigan, United States
People
Gabriele Lohs (born 1957), German rower
Johannes Lohs (1889–1918), German U-boat commander during the First World War
Schools
Lake Orion High School, Lake Orion, Michigan, United States
Lake Oswego High School, Lake Oswego, Oregon, United States
Live Oak High School (Louisiana), Watson, Louisiana, United States
Live Oak High School (Morgan Hill, California), United States
Lone Oak High School (Kentucky), Lone Oak, Kentucky, United States
Los Osos High School, Rancho Cucamonga, California, United States
See also
Loh (disambiguation)
Jeong Yun-Jo (Hangul: 정윤-조) is a South Korean Taekwondo practitioner. They won the gold medal at the 2017 World Taekwondo Championships on the flyweight category.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
South Korean male taekwondo practitioners
World Taekwondo Championships medalists
Turner Classic Movies (TCM or sometimes called TCM Nordic) was a television channel broadcasting "classic" films from the 1940s to the 1990s (mostly from the Warner Bros. and pre-May 1986 MGM film libraries) to Denmark, Finland, Flanders, Iceland, Netherlands, Norway and Sweden. The channel used English audio with optional subtitles in Danish, Dutch, Finnish, Norwegian and Swedish. The channel was commercial-free and films were not interrupted.
History
The channel launched as TNT Classic Movies on 17 September 1993 and was broadcast on the same frequency as Cartoon Network. TNT Classic Movies became a 24-hours channel in July 1997. The combined version did however still continue on some networks.
On 15 October 1999, TNT Classic Movies changed its name into Turner Classic Movies or TCM for short. In early 2009, the channel adopted a new logo and a new look.
In late 1996, TNT and Cartoon Network launched on Intelsat 707 and became a part of the analogue CTV package. The analogue broadcast ended in 2001. The channel has been part of the Canal Digital satellite package since 1997. Their competitor Viasat added Turner Classic Movies and Cartoon Network as a shared channel on 23 September 2005.
Turner Classic Movies was allowed to broadcast in the Swedish digital terrestrial network in June 2004. In addition it is also available through many cable networks.
On 1 July 2011 UPC Netherlands removed Turner Classic Movies from its line-up due to "a low appreciation of the channel by its customers."
Sister channel TNT relaunched in Belgium, exclusively through cable network Telenet on 10 April 2012. The channel relaunched in the Netherlands as well but almost one year later on 24 January 2013. TNT offered a mix of comedy's, movies and TV series such as Falling Skies, Shameless, Memphis Beat and classic series such as E.R., The West Wing and Smallville.
In September 2013 Turner Broadcasting Systems revealed its plans to close down the channel for the Benelux market. The end date was set on 1 January 2014.
On 1 June 2017 TCM closed down in all of the Nordic countries.
References
External links
Pan-Nordic television channels
Movie channels
Classic television networks
Defunct television channels in Denmark
Defunct television channels in Finland
Defunct television channels in Norway
Defunct television channels in Sweden
Defunct television channels in the Netherlands
Turner Broadcasting System Europe
Turner Broadcasting System Denmark
Turner Broadcasting System Norway
Turner Broadcasting System Sweden
Television channels and stations established in 1993
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2017
Turner Classic Movies
Warner Bros. Discovery EMEA
Light dues are the charges levied on ships for the maintenance of lighthouses and other aids to navigation.
British Isles
Light dues are levied on commercial vessels and larger pleasure boats calling at ports in the British Isles and paid into the General Lighthouse Fund (GLF), which is under the flight attendantship of the UK's Department for Transport and is used to finance the lighthouse services provided by the three general lighthouse authorities that cover all of the British Isles:
Trinity House for England, Wales, Gibraltar and the Channel Islands
Northern Lighthouse Board for Scotland and the Isle of Man
Commissioners of Irish Lights for the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland
The main principles of the light dues system are:
The UK Department for Transport sets the level of light dues in the UK, which is reviewed annually, taking advice from the General Lighthouse Authorities and representatives of the shipping industry. The Irish Department of Transport, Tourism and Sport sets the level of light dues in the Republic of Ireland.
In most cases, the rate charged is based on the net tonnage of the vessel. In 2022/23 the UK rate will rise to 41 pence per ton.
A vessel pays light dues when it first calls at a port in the UK or Ireland; thereafter it is exempt from further payments for one month. Each vessel is charged for a maximum of nine voyages per annum.
Vessels calling in the UK and Republic of Ireland are required to pay the rate applicable at the port where they are first liable to pay light dues. The nine voyage cap applies regardless of whether the port calls are in the UK or Ireland.
Tugs and fishing vessels (of 10 metres; 33' in length or more) make an annual payment based on the registered length of the vessel. Pleasure boats (of 20 tons or more) make a monthly payment up to an annual maximum.
Increasing automation of aids to navigation in the British Isles has seen the rate of light dues fall in real terms over recent years. The first increase in the light dues rate for twenty years occurred in 2009. In 2010, with the rate at 41p, the UK Government announced that there would be no further increases for at least the next three years. The rate was then cut by one penny in each of 2014, 2015 and 2016, with a further half penny in 2017 to reach 37.5p. Since 2021 the rate hs been increased twice and is now again at the 2010 level.
Also in 2010, the UK Government announced it had reached agreement with the Irish Government that aids to navigation off the coast of the Republic of Ireland would be wholly funded from domestic sources there by 2015-16. Changes to the way light dues payments are enforced in the UK and Ireland were implemented from 1 April 2015 to give effect to this agreement.
References
Lighthouses
Navigation
Kui Buri National Park is a national park of Thailand in the Tenasserim Hills in Prachuap Khiri Khan Province. It was established in 1999.
Geography
The park covers parts of the Pran Buri, Sam Roi Yot, and Mueang Prachuap Khiri Khan Districts of Prachuap Khiri Khan Province.
Flora
The forests contain dry evergreen and moist evergreen forests. Important trees are Dipterocarpus tuberculatus, Hopea odorata, Terminalia chebula, and different species of palms.
The park has more than 200,000 sandalwood trees. It is the only place in Thailand where sandalwood can be harvested for the cremation of royal family members. Nine trees were cut down for the cremation of King Bhumibol Adulyadej. A royal brahmin spent one month selecting trees meeting royal criteria: they must be dead and have been over 100 years old.
Fauna
Some animals that can be found in the park:
Asian elephants
Gaur
Malayan tapir
Wild pig
Leopard
Tiger
Serow
Gibbons
Macaque
Langur
Sambar deer
Asiatic black bear
Barking deer
Fea's muntjac
Banteng
Lesser mouse deer
References
National parks of Thailand
Geography of Prachuap Khiri Khan province
Tourist attractions in Prachuap Khiri Khan province
Protected areas established in 1999
1999 establishments in Thailand
The Ransom Gillis House is a historic home located at 205 Alfred Street (formerly 63 Alfred prior to renumbering) in Midtown Detroit, Michigan, within the Brush Park district. It was designed by Henry T. Brush and George D. Mason and built between 1876 and 1878. The structure, unoccupied since the mid-1960s, was "mothballed" by the City of Detroit in 2005–2006, in hopes of restoration in the future. On November 1, 2015, the completely refurbished home opened its doors to the public after a thorough renovation in a joint project between HGTV, Rehab Addict's Nicole Curtis, and Detroit-based mortgage lender Quicken Loans. The project resulted in an eight-part special that aired on HGTV.
History
The Ransom Gillis House was built at a cost of $12,000 for Ransom Gillis, a wholesale dry goods merchant. The property was sold by Gillis in 1880. The house and property passed through the hands of four different upper-income families between 1880 and 1919. After this time, the main structure was converted into a rooming house, along with most of the other structures on the street. The carriage house behind the structure was rented by Mary Chase Perry Stratton in 1903, becoming the first home of Pewabic Pottery. The pottery moved in 1906, and the carriage house was then occupied by an auto repair shop, a battery service shop, and finally a filling station, before being torn down and replaced by a restaurant in 1935. The restaurant operated until the 1960s and was demolished in 2005–2006, as part of the city's "mothballing" work on the property.
A storefront was added to the front of the Ransom Gillis House in the late 1930s and was operated along with the rooming house until the mid-1960s. Various attempts were made to restore the main structure in the 1970s, 1980s, and mid-2000s, none of which succeeded.
The property was owned by the City of Detroit as of 2001.
Architecture
The Ransom Gillis House brought to Detroit the Venetian Gothic style, made popular by John Ruskin's book The Stones of Venice. The centerpiece of the structure is the turret situated in the front left corner, the circumference of which is accented by five rows of tiles of simple geometric designs in hues of bright blue, red, yellow, and brown. Similar tile work was spread throughout the rest of the structure. The base of the turret is decorated with stone carvings of quadruplets of flower blossoms, similar but all slightly different. The turret was supported from below by an ornate stone post. Dark ornately carved wood columns enclosed the porch at the entrance to the house. Lastly, a steep, dark slate mansard roof with ornate iron cresting completed the peaks in a traditional detail of the day.
Restoration
On March 25, 2015, the Detroit Free Press announced that Nicole Curtis would be restoring the home on their TV series, Rehab Addict. Curtis spoke of the project saying "The energy here [Detroit] is unreal and it's unmatched anywhere else. For doing what I do, to be in a city that's excited for us to be here and not fighting us? It's a huge thing." Work on the house began in the summer of 2015. Curtis led the renovation of the 1876-built mansion for an eight-part HGTV series sponsored by Quicken Loans, the mortgage lender founded by local billionaire Dan Gilbert. The series originally aired in November 2015.
Gillis' life and work
Ransom Gillis was born December 20, 1838, in Washington County, New York to Alexander Ransom and Jane (Wilson). One of eight children, Ransom attended public schools and the Argyle Academy. They relocated to Detroit in 1864 and found work at the Allen-Sheldon Dry Goods Company. They worked there until 1872 when they founded Edson, Moore & Company with colleagues James L. Edson and George F. Moore. Gillis operated as the "buyer of the house". Edson, Moore & Company ultimately grew to span 194 through 204 Jefferson Avenue with an area of 125 x 120 feet. They featured wholesale dry goods such as Irish and Scottish linens, hosiery and gloves from Saxony, goods from Europe and from American mills. In December 1893, the massive store on Jefferson was gutted by a fire that was estimated at doing $750,000 in damage. Seven employees died in the fire, including two who were forced to jump from the fifth floor of the burning building. In November 1913, the firm relocated to a storefront at 494-514 Fort Street in Detroit. They advertised the new location as being at the north-east corner of Fort Street and M.C.R.R. (Michigan Central Rail Road).
Gillis married Helen A. Gaylord in 1870 and together they had three children: Ransom Fay, Gaylord Wilson, and Grace M.
Ransom Fay was born on November 3, 1871. They attended Yale University in 1894 and 1895.
Grace M. married David S. Carter and died in 1901.
Gaylord, was born July 1, 1873, attended the University of Michigan and succeeded their father in the dry good business, working for Edson, Moore & Company.
Gillis was a member of many key institutions in Detroit, including the Old Michigan Club, First Presbyterian Church, a board member of Grace Hospital and Lake St. Clair Fishing and Shooting Club. Ransom Gillis died on 31 December 1901 from pneumonia.
Gallery
References
External links
63 Alfred Street: Where Capitalism Failed
Riverfront View of Edson, Moore & Co. color
photograph of Edson, Moore & Co.
photograph of employees of Edson, Moore & Co.
Houses in Detroit
Houses completed in 1876
Historic district contributing properties in Michigan
National Register of Historic Places in Detroit
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Michigan
1876 establishments in Michigan
Gilded Age mansions
Amity University, Kolkata is a private university in Kolkata in the state of West Bengal, India. It was founded in 2015 and is the eighth university to be established by the Amity Education Group.
History
The Amity Group's was established in Kolkata in 2009 with Amity Global Business School (Salt Lake, Sector V), which offered management degrees under Amity University. In 2015, the state legislature of West Bengal passed the Amity University Act, 2014 (West Bengal Act, XXIV of 2014) to enable the establishment of the university in Kadampukur, Action Area - III of New Town. The university was established on 6 January and classes commenced on 31 August 2015. It is the eighth university to be established by the Amity Education Group, which also established Amity University, Mumbai in 2014.
Campus
The Central Building (known as the Leaf Structure) consists of a library block, an auditorium block, a cafeteria block and an atrium.
The Academic Block which consists of three wings comprises more than 100 classrooms It has the university's common seminar hall and is next to the sports field and basketball court. A 22-Storey Tower ( E Block) is an addition to the academic building and features more than 200 classrooms, seminar hall, research labs and other amenities room. The university also possess a 13-Storey Hostel Block which provide Residential Living to Boys and Girls separately.
Organization and administration
School of Engineering & Technology
School of Engineering & Technology is called as Amity School of Engineering & Technology, Kolkata (ASETK). All engineering programs are run under School of Engineering & Technology. It offers UG, PG & Ph.D. programmes. The different Programmes running under this school are,
Undergraduate Programme
B.Tech. in Computer Science Engineering
B.Tech. in Civil Engineering
B.Tech. in Electronics and Communication Engineering
B.Tech. in Mechanical & Automation Engineering
B.Tech. in Biotechnology
Post Graduate Programme
M.Tech. in Computer Science Engineering
M.Tech. in Electronics and Communication Engineering
M.Tech. in Mechanical Engineering
Post Graduate Diploma in Solar Energy
Amity Law School
Amity Law School Kolkata is affiliated to Amity University Kolkata. All the law programs are run under the Amity Law School. It offers UG and PG programs. The programs running under the school are:
Undergraduate Programme
BBA. LLB. (Hons) 5-year course
BCom. LLB. (Hons) 5-year course
BA. LLB. (Hons) 5-year course
Post Graduate Programme
LLB 3 Year Course
LLM (Business Law) 1 year Course
Research centres
The university has 11 research centres in bio-design, computer graphics, decisions and ethics, design research, information technology, financial analytics, robotics, computer research in music and acoustics, humanities, language and information, applied & behavioral sciences.
Institutes
The university has more than 25 institutes in its campus, including Amity School of Business, Kolkata, Amity Business School, Amity School of Engineering & Technology, Amity School of Communication, Amity School of Architecture and Planning, Amity Law School, Kolkata and Amity Institute of Biotechnology.
References
External links
Universities in Kolkata
Educational institutions established in 2015
Commerce colleges in India
2015 establishments in West Bengal
Private universities in India
Business schools in Kolkata
Bill Shortt (13 October 1920 – 20 September 2004) was a Welsh professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. They were born in Wrexham and was capped 12 times by Wales.
Playing career
Shortt joined Chester on amateur terms in 1938 after being spotted playing for local side Hoole Alex., signing a professional contract the following May after a loan spell with Wellington.
Although Shortt officially never played a Football League match for Chester, they were a regular for the first-team throughout the war years. They made their debut in the club's first wartime league match against Tranmere Rovers in October 1939 and played their final match against Rochdale in January 1946, shortly before moving to Division Two side Plymouth Argyles for £1,000.
Shortt went on to make more than 300 league appearances for Argyle over the next decade, helping them win the Football League Division Three South title in 1951–52. Their stint also saw them capped 12 times by Wales, with their first cap coming against Northern Ireland in April 1947. The following season saw them return to Chester with Plymouth in the FA Cup third round, but they were on the losing side as Chester recorded a 2–0 victory.
After leaving Plymouth in 1956, Shortt ended their professional career. They joined non-league side Tavistock and was the landlord of a pub in Plymouth.
They died on 20 September 2004, the same day as legendary football manager Brian Clough.
Honours
Plymouth Argyle
Football League Division Three South champions: 1951–52 (44 apps)
External links
Chester City obituary
Tribute from a Plymouth Argyle fan
Article on Chester during the Second World War (featuring Bill Shortt)
References
1920 births
2004 deaths
Footballers from Wrexham
Welsh footballers
Wales international footballers
English Football League players
Association football goalkeepers
Chester City F.C. players
Plymouth Argyle F.C. players
Tavistock A.F.C. players
Telford United F.C. players
James Hines may refer to:
James R. Hines Jr. (born 1958), American tax economist
James Joseph Hines (1876–1957), American politician
Jimmy Hines (1903–1986), American golfer
Jim Hines (born 1946), American sprinter
James Hines (born 1960), known as Bobby Fulton, American professional wrestler
Jim C. Hines (born 1974), American writer
James K. Hines (1852–1932), Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of Georgia
See also
Hines (name), including a list of people with the name
James Hind (c. 1616–1652), English highwayman
James Hinesly (born 1931), Canadian football player
Jim Hinds (born 1937), British cyclist
Jim Himes (born 1966), American business person and politician
James Hynes (born 1955), American novelist
James P. Hynes, British business person
Joseph John Richards (August 27, 1878 – March 16, 1956) was a composer, conductor, and music educator best known for writing over 300 compositions for circus and school bands. Their most successful works were marches, including Crusade for Freedom, Emblem of Unity, and Shield of Liberty.
Richards was born in Cwmafan, Wales, but spent most of their childhood in Pittsburg, Kansas, United States. They began playing alto horn and cornet at the age of ten and became director of the Norton-Jones Circus Band at the age of nineteen. They would later play for and conduct several other circus bands, including the Barnum and Bailey Circus Band and the Ringling Brothers Band before they combined. When not playing for a circus, Richards studied music at Kansas State Teachers College and the American Conservatory of Music.
They began teaching music during World War I, first to Army bands and later to public schoolchildren. They conducted several municipal bands in Florida and Kansas until 1945 when they were selected to succeed Herbert L. Clarke as conductor of the Long Beach, California Municipal Band. They became a member of the American Bandmasters Association in 1936 and was elected president in 1949.
Richards died in Long Beach, California in 1956. They were inducted into the Windjammers' Hall of Fame in 1981.
External links
Marches composed by Richards
References
1878 births
1956 deaths
American male composers
American composers
American conductors (music)
American male conductors (music)
American bandleaders
Welsh expatriates in the United States
David Balaguer Romeu (born 17 August 1991) is a Spanish handball player who plays for Paris Saint-Germain and the Spanish team.
They participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
References
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Barcelona
Spanish male handball players
Liga ASOBAL players
FC Barcelona Handbol players
Expatriate handball players
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in France
Massaga tenuifascia is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and in Zambia.
References
Hampson, G. F. 1910c. Zoological collections from Northern Rhodesia and adjacent territories: Lepidoptera Phalaenae - Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London 1910(2):388–510, pls. 36–41.
Agaristinae
Moths described in 1910
Oleksander Yakovych Shulhyn (; ; ) was a prominent political, public, scientific and cultural figure of Ukraine and the Ukrainian government in exile better known under their French transcription Alexandre Choulguine.
Shulhyn played a key role in establishing the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine. They were a member of the Shevchenko Scientific Society, a professor of the Ukrainian Free University in Prague, a member of the Ukrainian delegation at the Paris Peace Conference, 1919 and a representative of Ukrainians in International Refugee Organization after World War II. During the World War II (1939–40 and 1945–46) Shulhyn acted as a head of Ukrainian government in exile.
Biography
Shulhyn was born in the village of Sofyne (Katsapshchyna), Khorol county in Government of Poltava (today Andriivka rural council of Khorol Raion) in the family of a historian and pedagogue Yakiv Shulhyn whose heritage is traced to the Cossack officers (starshina).  They are related to Vasily Shulgin. Brother of Oleksander, Volodymyr perished at the Battle of Kruty. Shulhyn initially enrolled at the mathematics-physics department of the Saint Petersburg State University in 1908. In 1910 they transferred to the department of history and philosophy from which Shulhyn graduated in 1915. Later until 1917, they worked at the department as a professor's assistant.
While in Saint Petersburg, Shulhyn joined the Petersburg community of TUP, later switching to the Ukrainian Democratic-Radical Party (later Ukrainian Party of Socialist Federalists). In Petrograd they were a delegate of the Ukrainian National Council at the Petrograd Soviet. During the February Revolution Shulhyn arrived to Kiev joining the Central Council of Ukraine and later its executive committee. From July 1917 through January 30, 1918 they served as a secretary of Inter-ethnic (later Foreign) Affairs. During the time participated in the writing of the Statute of the Higher Administration of Ukraine, and organization of the Congress of peoples of Russia that took place in September 1917 in Kiev.
From July 1918 Shulhyn played a less active role in the government serving for several diplomatic missions of Ukraine in Europe when they were appointed the Ambassador of Ukraine to Bulgaria by the government of the Hetman of Ukraine. In 1919 Shulhyn became a member of the Ukrainian delegation to the Paris Peace Conference, and on November 15, 1920 they headed the Ukrainian delegation at the General Assembly of League of Nations in Geneva. From 1921 Shulhyn headed the Extraordinary diplomatic mission of Ukraine in Paris.
From 1923 to 1927 Shulhyn lived in Paris and was a professor of the Ukrainian Free University and the Ukrainian Higher Pedagogical University of Drahomanov, both in Prague, where they taught history and philosophy. In Prague they revived the Radical-Democratic Party, becoming the head of its Prague committee. In 1926 Shulhyn was appointed the minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine in exile, once again leading the Ukrainian foreign policy until 1936. In 1933–38 they headed one of the League of Nations' international unions. Also from 1929 to 1939 Shulhyn chaired the Main Emigration Council, served as a chief editor of the Paris bi-monthly magazine La Revue de Prométhée (1938–1940) and the Paris weekly magazine Tryzub (1940). During the German occupation of France Shulhyn was jailed in 1940–41.
After World War II in 1946 Shulhyn created the Ukrainian Academic Society in Paris, serving as its chairperson until 1960. Also from 1952 to 1960 they were initiator and vice-president of the International Free Academy in Paris, which united the exiled scientists. In 1948–52 Shulhyn represented Ukrainians in the International Refugee Organization, later until 1960 cooperated with the French organization for protection of refugees and stateless at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of France.
References
External links
Biography at the Ukrainian Center
Biography of Shulhyn
1889 births
1960 deaths
People from Poltava Oblast
People from Poltava Governorate
Ukrainian refugees
Members of the Shevchenko Scientific Society
Ukrainian politicians before 1991
Foreign ministers of Ukraine
Prime ministers of the Ukrainian People's Republic
Ambassadors of Ukraine to Bulgaria
Ukrainian Democratic Party (1904) politicians
20th-century Ukrainian politicians
Members of the Ukrainian government in exile
Fashi Zhenwu Temple () is a Taoist temple located in Fengze District of Quanzhou, Fujian, China. In 2021, the temple was inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List along with other medieval sites in Quanzhou because of its religious importance for maritime trade in China during the Song and Yuan dynasties and its testimony to the global exchange of ideas and cultures.
History
According to Quanzhou Prefecture Topography () and Jinjiang County Annals (), the temple was originally built in the Song dynasty (960–1279). Another says that the temple was first built in the Southern Tang dynasty (923–936).
Architecture
Now the existing main buildings include Shanmen, Bai Pavilion () and Zhenwu Hall ().
Bai Pavilion
The Bai Pavilion was rebuilt in 1870, during the reign of Tongzhi Emperor in the Qing dynasty (1644–1911).
Zhenwu Hall
Covering an area of , the Zhenwu Hall was reconstructed in 1842 with single-eave gable and hip roof, in the ruling of Daoguang Emperor in the Qing dynasty (1644–1911). It is the main hall in the temple for worshiping Xuanwu. A modern restoration of the hall was carried out in 1985.
Gallery
References
Bibliography
Taoist temples in Fujian
Buildings and structures in Quanzhou
Tourist attractions in Quanzhou
Sir Robert Leslie Overbury, KCB (26 July 1887 – 11 January 1955) was a British public servant and Clerk of the Parliaments from 1949 to 1955.
Privately educated, Overbury began their career as a third-class clerk in the Royal Courts of Justice. In 1915, they were appointed to represent the lower-grade clerks' grievances about their working practices to the Lord Chancellor's Department; they impressed the Permanent Secretary, Sir Claud Schuster, who had them transferred to the House of Lords. They were appointed to the Lord Chancellor's Department in 1923 as Secretary of Commissions, and in 1930 became Chief Clerk and Establishments Officer. In 1934, they were appointed Second Clerk at the Table, Reading Clerk and Clerk of Outdoor Committees at the House of Lords. Promotion followed in 1937, when they became Clerk Assistant to the Parliaments and then, on Sir Henry Badeley's retirement in 1949, they were appointed Clerk of the Parliaments. They retired, aged 66, in 1953.
Overbury had been appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1941, and promoted to Knight Commander in 1950. They died on 11 January 1955.
References
1887 births
1955 deaths
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Clerks of the Parliaments
Civil servants in the Lord Chancellor's Department
The 2021–22 UT Martin Skyhawks men's basketball team represented the University of Tennessee at Martin in the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Skyhawks, led by first-year head coach Ryan Ridder, played their home games at Skyhawk Arena in Martin, Tennessee as members of the Ohio Valley Conference. They finished the season 8–22, 4–14 in OVC play to finish in ninth place. They failed to qualify for the OVC Tournament.
Previous season
In a season limited due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the Skyhawks finished the 2020–21 season 8–16, 11–4 in OVC play to finish in a tie for ninth place. The failed to qualify for the OVC Tournament.
On March 12, 2021, interim head coach Montez Robinson announced that the team would not be retaining them as head coach. On March 30, the school announced that Bethune–Cookman head coach Ryan Ridder would be the team's next head coach.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Ohio Valley regular season
|-
Sources
References
UT Martin Skyhawks
UT Martin Skyhawks men's basketball seasons
UT Martin Skyhawks men's basketball
UT Martin Skyhawks men's basketball
Juan Carlos González Salvador (born 28 January 1964 in Bilbao) is a Spanish former cyclist.
Major results
1987
1st National Road Race Championships
1st Stage 1 Étoile de Bessèges
1988
1st Stage 4 Vuelta a Aragón
1st Stage 6 Vuelta a Asturias
3rd Vuelta a La Rioja
1990
1st Stage 1b Vuelta a Venezuela
2nd Clásica de Sabiñánigo
1991
1st National Road Race Championships
2nd Overall Vuelta a Castilla y León
1992
1st Trofeo Soller
1st Stage 1b Vuelta a Castilla y León
2nd Clásica Internacional de Alcobendas
1993
1st Stage 10 Vuelta a España
2nd Trofeo Luis Puig
References
1964 births
Living people
Spanish male cyclists
Sportspeople from Bilbao
Cyclists from the Basque Country (autonomous community)
William Langlais (born April 23, 1990) is a Canadian football fullback for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
Early career
Langlais played high school football at École secondaire Mont-Bleu for Les Panthères. They first played college football at Cégep Beauce-Appalaches as a linebacker from 2009 to 2011 before transferring to the Université de Sherbrooke. While playing for the Sherbrooke Vert et Or, they played as a linebacker in 2012 and a defensive end in 2013, before moving to the offensive side as a running back in their final year. During their only year as a running back at the collegiate level, Langlais rushed only four times for 14 yards, adding five catches for 44 yards.
Professional career
Despite relatively unimpressive statistics in their single year as a running back at Sherbrooke, Langlais attracted the attention of scouts after performing well at the regional CFL Combine in Montreal and the national CFL combine in Toronto, including recording the fastest shuttle time of 4.08 seconds and a 40-yard time of 4.71 seconds in Montreal. They were selected by the Calgary Stampeders in the third round of the 2015 CFL Draft with the 27th overall pick, and was signed by Calgary on May 28, 2015. They made the active roster following the preseason, and debuted in the Stampeders' first week game against the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. Langlais played in 17 regular season games for the Stampeders in this rookie season where they had 11 special teams tackles.
In 2016, Langlais appeared in 16 games for the Stampeders, where they had one punt return for 0 yards and 17 special teams tackles. In 2017, they recorded the first reception of their career against in a Week 6 game against the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. In a later game against the Tiger-Cats, on October 13, 2017, Langlais recovered a fumble following a blocked punt and returned the ball for their first professional touchdown. They appeared in all 18 games for the first time in their career and finished the season with three catches for 30 yards, a kickoff return for 21 yards, and 16 special teams tackles.
The 2018 season was Langlais' best season offensively, with them appearing in 16 regular season games and recording six catches for 105 yards in addition to nine special teams tackles. They also played in both post-season games, including the 104th Grey Cup championship win over the Ottawa Redblacks, which was the first Grey Cup win of their career.
In 2019 season, they were limited to just nine regular season games, but still caught four passes for 54 yards and had one carry for three yards. They did not play in 2020 due to the cancellation of the 2020 CFL season. Langlais re-signed with the Stampeders on December 21, 2020.
In a pandemic-shortened 2021 season, Langlais played in 12 regular season games and had one catch for five yards and four special teams tackles.
References
External links
Calgary Stampeders bio
1990 births
Living people
Calgary Stampeders players
Canadian football defensive linemen
Canadian football linebackers
Canadian football running backs
Players of Canadian football from Quebec
Sherbrooke Vert et Or football players
Sportspeople from Gatineau
Dearborn County is one of 92 counties of the U.S. state of Indiana located on the Ohio border near the southeast corner of the state. It was formed in 1803 from a portion of Hamilton County, Ohio. In 2010, the population was 50,047. The county seat and largest city is Lawrenceburg.
Dearborn County is part of the Cincinnati, OH-KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
In 1803, following Ohio's admission to the Union, a wedge, or pie shaped, remnant of the former Northwest Territory along Ohio's southwestern border was ceded to Indiana Territory and organized as Dearborn County. It was named after Henry Dearborn who was U.S. Secretary of War at that time. Lawrenceburg was then designated as the county seat.
All or part of seven other present day counties were carved from the original county with the present boundaries being established in 1845. The region, nicknamed the "Gore", slices through the present-day counties of Dearborn, Franklin, Ohio, Randolph, Switzerland, Union, Wayne and Fayette. Subdivision of Dearborn County began in 1811 with the formation of Franklin and Wayne Counties, followed by Switzerland in 1814.
Early growth in the region was centered on Lawrenceburg which became an important railroad junction connecting two of the regions major rail lines. A contention existed between the towns of Lawrenceburg and the mostly German-speaking immigrants that dominated Rising Sun over the favored status of Lawrenceburg as the county seat. The rivalry between the two towns was resolved in 1844 when the Indiana State legislature separated the portion of Dearborn County south of Laughery Creek and created the last and smallest Indiana county, county of Ohio on March 1, 1844, with Rising Sun designated as its county seat.
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.22%) is land and (or 0.77%) is water. Part of the southeastern county line is formed by the Ohio River.
Dearborn County contains the Perfect North Slopes ski resort.
Cities
Aurora
Lawrenceburg
Greendale
Towns
Dillsboro
Moores Hill
Saint Leon
West Harrison
Census-designated places
Bright
Hidden Valley
Other unincorporated communities
Bonnell
Braysville
Chesterville
Cochran
Cold Springs
Dover
Farmers Retreat
Guilford
Hardinsburg
Hubbells Corner
Kyle
Lawrenceburg Junction
Lawrenceville
Logan
Manchester
Mount Sinai
New Alsace
Sparta
Weisburg
Wilmington
Wrights Corner
Yorkville
Townships
Caesar Creek
Center
Clay
Harrison
Hogan
Jackson
Kelso
Lawrenceburg
Logan
Manchester
Miller
Sparta
Washington
York
Adjacent counties
Franklin County (north)
Butler County, Ohio (northeast)
Hamilton County, Ohio (east)
Boone County, Kentucky (southeast)
Ohio County (south)
Ripley County (west)
Climate
In recent years, average temperatures in Lawrenceburg have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in September to in May.
Demographics
At the 2010 United States Census, there were 50,047 people, 18,743 households and 13,773 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 20,171 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.5% white, 0.6% black or African American, 0.4% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 0.3% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 46.5% were German, 19.2% were Irish, 11.4% were English, and 7.8% were American.
Of the 18,743 households, 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.5% were married couples living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 26.5% were non-families, and 22.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.07. The median age was 40.0 years.
The median household income was $47,697 and the median family income was $66,561. Males had a median income of $45,270 and females $33,353. The per capita income was $25,023. About 4.5% of families and 7.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.5% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected from county districts. The council members serve four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners. The commissioners are elected county-wide, in staggered terms, and each serves a four-year term. One of the commissioners, typically the most senior, serves as president. The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue, and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
Court: Dearborn County's courts consist of a Circuit Court, presided over by the Honorable James Humphrey (shared with Ohio County in the only such arrangement in the state) and two Superior Courts, the Honorable Jonathan Cleary, presiding over Dearborn County Superior Court No. 1 and the Honorable Sally McLaughlin, presiding over Dearborn County z Superior Court No. 2. Judges are elected to six-year terms. Lawrenceburg also has City Courts, presided over by the Honorable Joseph R. Johns. The Lawrenceburg City Court Judge serves a four-year term.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, prosecuting attorney, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare a party affiliation and to be residents of the county.
Dearborn County is part of Indiana's 6th congressional district; Indiana Senate district 43; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 55 and 68.
Infrastructure
Major highways
Interstate 74
Interstate 275
U.S. Route 50
U.S. Route 52
State Road 1
State Road 46
State Road 48
State Road 56
State Road 62
State Road 148
State Road 262
State Road 350
Notable people
Nick Goepper professional slopestyle skier, three-time winter Olympic medalist
Erwin "Cannonball" Baker, motorcycle and auto racer, 1989 inductee in Motorsports Hall of Fame of America
John Whiteaker, first state Governor of Oregon from 1859 until 1862 and Oregon's Congressman from 1879 to 1881
Jim Lyttle, professional baseball player
Lonnie Mack, influential guitar soloist of early rock 'n' roll
Louis Skidmore, architect that co-founded Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dearborn County, Indiana
References
External links
Official website
Indiana counties
1803 establishments in Indiana Territory
Populated places established in 1803
Indiana counties on the Ohio River
Githopsis is a small genus of flowering plants in the bellflower family which are known as bluecups. These are small annual wildflowers with white or purple white-throated blooms. Bluecups are native to western North America, especially California. There are four known species within the genus.
Species:
Githopsis diffusa A.Gray - San Gabriel bluecup - California, Baja California, Guadalupe Island
Githopsis pulchella Vatke - Sierra bluecup - Sacramento Valley of California
Githopsis specularioides Nutt. - common bluecup - Vancouver Island, Washington, Oregon, California, northern Idaho, northwestern Montana
Githopsis tenella Morin - tubeflower bluecup - California
References
Campanuloideae
Campanulaceae genera
Fondiaria-Sai S.p.A. was an Italian financial services company based in Turin, founded in 2002 by the merger of La Fondiaria Assicurazioni and Società Assicuratrice Industriale. In 2014 the company was merged by incorporation of Unipol Assicurazioni, Milano Assicurazioni and Premafin in UnipolSai.
The company was particularly active in the insurance sector, where it underwrites life, property, casualty and marine cover.
The company was listed on the Borsa Italiana and was a constituent of the FTSE MIB index.
Fondiaria-Sai in 2007 bought a 100% stake in Serbia's DDOR Novi Sad insurance company.
In 2007 50% stake of Popolare Vita was bought from Cattolica Assicurazioni via Banco Popolare.
References
External links
Financial services companies established in 2002
Defunct insurance companies of Italy
Italian companies established in 2002
Financial services companies disestablished in 2013
Companies formerly listed on the Borsa Italiana
2013 disestablishments in Italy
Companies based in Turin
Kim Jin-sun (born 27 April 1979) is a South Korean handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1979 births
Living people
South Korean female handball players
Olympic handball players of South Korea
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Kalanta Hristougenon (Κάλαντα Χριστουγέννων) is a Greek traditional Christmas carol (kalanta) translated into English simply as "Christmas Carol." This carol is commonly abbreviated as "Kalanta" or "Kalanda", some other common titles for this Christmas carol are Kalin Iméran and Christos Genate. This carol is commonly sung around Christmas and accompanied by light percussion instruments such as the Triangle (musical instrument) and Guitar.
This Greek traditional Christmas carol gained a large audience beyond Greece through various performances by Nana Mouskouri throughout Europe.
Lyrics
Greek traditions
Christmas carols
Eastern Orthodox Christian culture
London 3 South East is an English level 8 Rugby Union League involving club sides from Kent, East Sussex, West Sussex and the south-east London. It is made up of teams predominantly from London, Sussex and Kent. The twelve teams play home and away matches from September through to April. Each year all clubs in the division also take part in the RFU Senior Vase - a level 8 national competition.
Promoted teams move up to London 2 South East and demoted teams move down to Sussex 1 and Kent 1. Although 2nd XV rugby is part of the Sussex regional system, only 1st XV sides can play in London 3 South East.
Teams for 2021–22
The teams competing in 2021-22 achieved their places in the league based on performances in 2019-20, the 'previous season' column in the table below refers to that season not 2020-21.
Season 2020–21
On 30th October 2020 the RFU announced that due to the coronavirus pandemic a decision had been taken to cancel Adult Competitive Leagues (National League 1 and below) for the 2020/21 season meaning London 3 South East was not contested.
Teams for 2019–20
Teams for 2018–19
Teams for 2017–18
Teams for 2016-17
Ashford (relegated from London 2 South East)
Aylesford Bulls
Eastbourne
Folkestone
Gillingham Anchorians
Haywards Heath (promoted from Sussex Spitfire 1)
Lewes (promoted from Sussex Spitfire 1)
Old Dunstonians
Park House
Pulborough
Sheppey (promoted from Shepherd Neame Kent 1)
Thanet Wanderers (relegated from London 2 South East)
Teams for 2015-16
Aylesford Bulls (relegated from London 2 South East)
Bromley
Burgess Hill (promoted from Sussex Spitfire 1)
Cranbrook (promoted from Shepherd Neame Kent 1)
Eastbourne (promoted from Sussex Spitfire 1)
Folkestone
Gillingham Anchorians
Heathfield & Waldron
Old Dunstonians
Park House
Pulborough
Uckfield
Teams for 2014-15
Bromley
Dartfordians
Folkestone
Gillingham Anchorians
Hastings & Bexhill
Heathfield & Waldron (relegated from London 2 South East)
Horsham
Lewes (relegated from London 2 South East)
Old Dunstonians
Park House
Pulborough
Uckfield
Teams for 2013-14
Ashford
Beccehamian (promoted from Shepherd Neame Kent 1)
Bromley
Burgess Hill (promoted from Sussex Spitfire 1)
Dartfordians
Folkestone
Gillingham Anchorians
Horsham
Old Dunstonians
Sheppey
Thanet Wanderers
Uckfield
Teams for 2012-2013
Ashford
Bromley
Folkestone
Gillingham Anchorians
Horsham
Maidstone
Park House
Pulborough
Sheppey
Tunbridge Wells
Uckfield
Vigo
Original teams
When this division was introduced in 2000 (as London 4 South East) it contained the following teams:
Beccehamian - relegated from London 3 South East (10th)
Bognor - promoted from Sussex 1 (champions)
Chichester - relegated from London 3 South East (9th)
Dartfordians - relegated from London 3 South East (10th)
Eastbourne - relegated from London 3 South East (8th)
Folkestone - relegated from London 3 South East (12th)
Heathfield & Waldron - relegated from London 3 South East (11th)
Hove - relegated from London 3 South East (14th)
Old Dunstonians - promoted from Kent 1 (champions)
Park House - relegated from London 3 South East (13th)
London 3 South East honours
London 4 South East (2000–2009)
Originally known as London 4 South East, this division was a tier 8 league with promotion up to London 3 South East and relegation down to either Kent 1 or Sussex 1.
London 3 South East (2009–present)
League restructuring by the RFU ahead of the 2009–10 season saw London 4 South East renamed as London 3 South East. Remaining as a tier 8 league promotion was to London 2 South East (formerly London 3 South East), while relegation continued to either Kent 1 or Sussex 1.
Number of league titles
Aylesford Bulls (2)
Crowborough (2)
Ashford (1)
Betteshanger (1)
Bognor (1)
Bromley (1)
Chichester (1)
Dartfordians (1)
East Grinstead (1)
Eastbourne (1)
Heathfield & Waldron (1)
Horsham (1)
Maidstone (1)
Old Dunstonians (1)
Old Elthamians (1)
Pulborough (1)
Thanet Wanderers (1)
Tonbridge Juddians (1)
Notes
See also
Kent RFU
Sussex RFU
English rugby union system
Rugby union in England
References
External links
London 3 South East results at the Rugby Football Union
Sussex Rugby Football Union
8
4
Lieutenant-Colonel William Chaine, MVO (1 January 1838 - 3 July 1916) was a British military officer and courtier.
Military and Court career
Chaine was born in Antrim in 1838, the son of William Chaine, of Moylina, Co. Antrim, and was a Lieutenant of the Antrim Artillery Militia in their early teens. They were commissioned as a Cornet in the 7th Dragoon Guards in December 1856, promoted to Lieutenant in October 1857, and Captain (by purchase) in May 1864.
One month later, in June 1864, they exchanged from the Dragoon guards to the 10th Hussars, where they remained until they retired from the army.
In October 1877 came a Brevet promotion to Major. They retired from the army in July 1881, and received the honorary rank of Lieutenant-colonel.
On 4 March 1881 Chaine was appointed Marshal of the Ceremonies to Queen Victoria, and in 1887 they advanced to Assistant Master of the Ceremonies to the Queen. They resigned shortly after the accession of King Edward VII in 1901.
They were appointed a Member of the Royal Victorian Order (MVO) by King Edward VII in July 1901 (the order was gazetted 16 August 1901).
Family
Chaine was married, in the Private Chapel, Kensington Palace, on 4 December 1872, to Maria Henrietta Sophia Phipps (1837-1915), widow of Captain Frederick Sayer, and the daughter of Sir Charles Beaumont Phipps, KCB (1801-1866) by their wife Margaret Anne (née Bathurst). They had a son, W. R. Chaine.
Mrs. Chaine held the office of Keeper of the State Apartments at Kensington Palace, and was close to Queen Alexandra and other royal family members. The couple were allowed the use of a grace and favour appartement at the palace, a rare gift. They died at Kensington Palace 21 December 1915, and they themselves died at Kensington Palace in July the following year.
References
1838 births
1916 deaths
19th-century British Army personnel
People from County Antrim
Members of the Royal Victorian Order
7th Dragoon Guards officers
10th Royal Hussars officers
Eric Schaeffer (born January 22, 1962) is an American actor, writer, and director.
Early life and education
Schaeffer was born in New York City, New York, and later graduated with a degree in drama and dance from Bard College. After graduating, they drove a New York City taxi for nine years, during which time they wrote two stage plays, a novel, twenty screenplays and various other works.
Career
Schaeffer rose to fame with fellow actor/writer/director Donal Lardner Ward on the independent film, My Life's in Turnaround (1993), which was made in fifteen days for only $200,000. Schaeffer and Ward parlayed the film's success into Too Something (1995–1996), a short-lived sitcom that was briefly renamed New York Daze.
They signed on as a client of Creative Artists Agency and made a deal to direct the 1996 romantic comedy If Lucy Fell for a budget of $3.5 million for Columbia TriStar.
Schaeffer starred opposite model Amanda de Cadenet in the 1997 romantic drama Fall, about a cab driver who begins a passionate affair with a model they first met in their cab.
In 2000, they released the comedy Wirey Spindell, a semi-autobiographical tale. This was followed by the romantic comedy Never Again in 2001, starring Jill Clayburgh and Jeffrey Tambor, and Mind the Gap in 2004.
In recent years Schaeffer has been writing an autobiographical blog, I Can't Believe I'm Still Single, about their relationships and ongoing search for love. Schaeffer has turned the blog into a book, I Can't Believe I'm Still Single – Sane, Slightly Neurotic (But in a Sane Way) Filmmaker into Good Yoga, Bad Reality TV, Too Much Chocolate, and a Little Kinky Sex Seeks Smart, Emotionally Evolved ... Oh Hell, At This Point Anyone Who'll Let Me Watch Football.
In 2008, Schaeffer debuted a reality television series on Showtime, also called, I Can't Believe I'm Still Single.
In 2009, Schaeffer and Jill Franklyn created the half-hour dramedy series Gravity for Starz. The series about people who have failed at suicide – originally titled Failure to Fly – stars Schaeffer along with Krysten Ritter, Ivan Sergei, Ving Rhames and Rachel Hunter. It began airing in April 2010 and on June 30, 2010, the show was cancelled.
Filmography and television work
Actor, director and screenwriter
Actor (only)
Books
Schaeffer, Eric (2007). I Can't Believe I'm Still Single – Sane, Slightly Neurotic (But in a Sane Way) Filmmaker into Good Yoga, Bad Reality TV, Too Much Chocolate, and a Little Kinky Sex Seeks Smart, Emotionally Evolved ... Oh Hell, At This Point Anyone Who'll Let Me Watch Football. New York City: Thunder's Mouth Press. .
See also
Lists of American writers
List of film and television directors
List of people from New York City
References
External links
Bankrate.com interview
UGO interview
1962 births
Living people
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
Male actors from New York City
American bloggers
American male film actors
American film directors
American male screenwriters
American male television actors
Bard College alumni
Screenwriters from New York (state)
American male bloggers
21st-century American screenwriters
Herman H. Dreer (1888–1981) was an American academic administrator, educator, educational reformer, activist, author, editor, Baptist minister, and civil rights leader.  They are best known for writing curriculum and programming for teaching African American History at most grade levels for early 20th-century public schools. Dreer is also credited with initiating Black History Month observance in the United States, alongside Carter G. Woodson.
Dreer re-opened Douglass University, an important African American college and founded a bank for African Americans in St. Louis, Missouri.
Their former home is listed on the National Register of Historic Places since February 2009.
Early life and education
Herman Dreer was born on September 12, 1889, in Washington, D.C.. Dreer graduated from Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine. They earned a master's degree in Latin theology from the Virginia Theological Seminary (now Virginia University of Lynchburg). They had been a member of the academic honor society, Phi Beta Kappa.
They were denied admission to state universities in Missouri because they were African American. In 1955 they received a PhD in sociology from the University of Chicago, their PhD. thesis was titled "Negro Leadership in St. Louis: A Study in Race Relations".
Career
In 1914, Dreer moved to St. Louis, where they taught at Sumner High School. They realized in their early teaching experience that most Black students did not have an understanding of African American history, and in some cases they had a negative feeling towards the subject. Dreer saw this as an opportunity to formalize a teaching method for the subject. They were a staunch supporter of W. E. B. Du Bois' double-consciousness theory (1903). Dreer taught in the St. Louis Public Schools from 1915 to 1959; and at Stowe Teachers College (now Harris–Stowe State University) from 1930 to 1942). They were the assistant principal of Sumner High School from 1930 to 1945. In 1965, Dreer was a visiting professor at MacMurray College in Jacksonville, Illinois.
They wrote the African American History curriculum and programming for the schools, spanning from elementary school level to college level. Topics covered included Ancient Egyptians, the shaping of Africa, and the devel­opments of East African nations, all of which was considered radical at the time. They also created resources for teachers of all grade levels on the topic.
Dreer wrote for newspapers including the Black-owned St. Louis Argus, where they had a weekly column "Highlights of Negro History". They wrote for Carter G. Woodson's journal of "Negro History". They edited a collection of African American writings, American Literature by Negro Authors anthology (Dreer, 1946).
After the retirement of B. F. Bowles at Douglass University (in St. Louis, Missouri), Dreer re-opened the college in 1934; as well the Carter G. Woodson School for Negro History, a Saturday morning course at Annie Malone's Poro Beauty College. These two opportunities were community-based programs that allowed further expansion of Black educational opportunities during the time of racial segregation, and Douglass was the only Black college in the city at the time.
They directed of several pag­eant events many of which were popular during the St. Louis Negro History Week, and these carried as memory aids for Black communities. They were an organizer of the 39th annual meeting of the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History in St. Louis. Dreer served as a minister of the King's Way Baptist Church in St. Louis, Missouri from 1950 to 1970.
Personal life
They married Mary Thomas, a former student in 1912, and together they had two daughters.
The Dr. Herman S. Dreer House at 4335 Cote Brilliante Avenue, St. Louis was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009. The State Historical Society of Missouri has a collection of Dreer's papers.
Publications
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in St. Louis north and west of downtown
Sumner High School
The Ville
References
1888 births
1981 deaths
African-American Baptist ministers
People from St. Louis
African-American educators
Bowdoin College alumni
American educational theorists
African-American activists
People from Washington, D.C.
Virginia University of Lynchburg alumni
University of Chicago alumni
MacMurray College faculty
Black studies scholars
Historians of African Americans
John Perle (died 1428/9), of Shrewsbury, Shropshire, was an English politician.
Perle was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Shrewsbury in 1406, 1422 and 1423.
References
14th-century births
1429 deaths
English MPs 1406
Politicians from Shrewsbury
English MPs 1422
English MPs 1423
Werner Gilles (29 August 1894 – 23 June 1961) was a German artist.
Gilles was born in Rheydt/Rheinland (today Mönchengladbach) They found their artistic calling while at the academies of Kassel and Weimar, studying under Lyonel Feininger of the Bauhaus school. They later moved after 1921 to Ischia, Italy. They moved to Düsseldorf in 1923, but between 1925 and 1930 they also worked in Berlin and Paris and lived in both during the period.
The Nazi regime named them as a degenerate artist from the 1930s, and they had to stop working until after the war. From 1951 they moved to München in the winter, and Ischia in the summer. They died in Essen in 1961.
Major works
1933 to 1935 Arthur Rimbaud gewidmet
1947 to 1949 Orpheus, Akvarellsyklus
1950 Akvareller til Tibetanischen Totenbuch (the Tibetan book of death)
Exhibitions
1948 24th Venice Biennale
1950 25th Venezia biennial
1955 documenta 1 in Kassel
1958 29th Venezia biennial
1959 documenta II in Kassel
1961 Kunstverein für die Rheinlande und Westfalen, Düsseldorf
1962 31st Venezia biennial
1964 documenta III in Kassel
1964 Kölnischer Kunstverein, Köln
1973 Landesmuseum Bonn
1984 Städtisches Museum, Mülheim an der Ruhr
2000 Galerie Vömel, Düsseldorf
2001 Künstler der Galerie Vömel, Düsseldorf
2002 Galerie Koch, Hannover
2005/2006 Ein Arkadien der Moderne: Villa Romana Neues Museum Weimar
See also
List of German painters
External links
Works by Werner Gilles @ ArtNet.
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German male painters
Bauhaus alumni
People from Mönchengladbach
1894 births
1961 deaths
Geneviève Simard (born November 5, 1980) is a Canadian alpine skier. They have appeared in two Winter Olympics, in 2002 and 2006.  They are now a world-famous helicopter pilot featured in Hélico tous terrains, a Quebec TV show about a bush helicopter pilot working in Quebec's north coast.
Olympics
2006
Finished 20th in the super-G
Finished 5th in the giant slalom
2002
Finished 18th in the super-G
Finished 7th in the combined
World championships
Simard raced in the World Championships in 1999, 2003, 2005 and 2007. Them best finish was fourth in the 2003 super-G.
World Cup
Since making their World Cup debut in November 1998, Simard has won one race, on January 14, 2004, in a super-G race in Cortina d'Ampezzo in Italy.
References
Olympic profile
External links
1980 births
Canadian female alpine skiers
Alpine skiers at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Olympic alpine skiers of Canada
Helicopter pilots
Skiers from Montreal
Living people
Below are the squads for the 23rd Arabian Gulf Cup in Kuwait in 2017.
Group A
Kuwait
Coach: Boris Bunjak
Saudi Arabia
Coach: Krunoslav Jurčić
Note:
INJ Player withdrew from the squad due to an injury
Oman
Coach: Pim Verbeek
United Arab Emirates
Coach: Alberto Zaccheroni
Group B
Qatar
Coach: Félix Sánchez
Iraq
Coach: Basim Qasim
Yemen
Coach: Abraham Mebratu
Bahrain
Coach: Miroslav Soukup
References
External links
Official site
squads
Brad Davis (born February 17, 1980) is an American football coach who is currently the offensive line coach at Louisiana State University.
Playing career
Davis played their high school football at Belaire High School and later went on to the Oklahoma. Playing from 1999 until 2002 they were a part of multiple Big 12 championship teams and the 2000 national championship team as a part of the offensive line.
Coaching career
Early coaching career
After they graduated from Oklahoma, Davis began coaching at the high school level working as the offensive line and was co-offensive coordinator at Southern Lab in Baton Rouge. They then spent the beginning of 2005 at Wayne State as a graduate assistant before going to work at Doane College as the offensive line coach and run game coordinator. They then went back to being a graduate assistant this time at Texas A&M for the 2006 and 2007 seasons before going to North Carolina to be a graduate assistant in 2008.
Portland State
They then went to Portland State where they spent five years as the offensive line coach and two as the run game coordinator. During their tenure there the Vikings set numerous school records including total yards (6,486) and yards rushing (3,330), rushing yards per game (277.7), rushing touchdowns (36) and total yards per game (540.5).
James Madison
In 2014 Davis went to JMU to work as the co-offensive coordinator and offensive line coach.
East Carolina
In 2015, Davis served as the run game coordinator and offensive line coach at East Carolina University.
North Texas
In 2016, Davis worked as the run game coordinator and offensive line coach for North Texas.
Florida
In 2017 Davis ventured into the SEC and worked as the offensive line coach for the Florida Gators.
Missouri
In 2018 and 2019, Davis worked as the offensive line coach for Missouri under Barry Odom.
Arkansas
In 2020 Davis was a part of Sam Pittman's inaugural staff as the offensive line coach for Arkansas.
LSU
In 2021, the Louisiana native was named the offensive line coach for LSU. Following the final regular season game, Ed Orgeron named Davis the interim head coach. Davis coached LSU in the 2022 Texas Bowl. They were retained by Brian Kelly for the 2022 season.
Personal life
Davis and their wife, Anecia, have two sons, Bradley and Brayden.
Head coaching record
College
*Coached bowl game after Ed Orgeron stepped down
References
External links
LSU profile
1980 births
Living people
American football offensive guards
Arkansas Razorbacks football coaches
Doane Tigers football coaches
East Carolina Pirates football coaches
Florida Gators football coaches
James Madison Dukes football coaches
LSU Tigers football coaches
Missouri Tigers football coaches
North Carolina Tar Heels football coaches
North Texas Mean Green football coaches
Oklahoma Sooners football players
Portland State Vikings football coaches
Texas A&M Aggies football coaches
Wayne State Warriors football coaches
High school football coaches in Louisiana
Coaches of American football from Louisiana
Players of American football from Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Ivan Matković (born 12 October 1953) is a Croatian football manager and former player.
They were the manager of Hajduk Split, Cibalia Vinkovci, Pazinka and Zadar in the Croatian First League, as well as of Persepolis in Iran's Premier Football League.
Honours
Manager
Celje
Slovenian Cup: 2004–05
External links
Profil on TFF.org
https://web.archive.org/web/20090305094103/http://www.zerodic.com/autor/fudbal_1945-1992/igraci/igraci_m.htm
1953 births
Sportspeople from Split, Croatia
Living people
Yugoslav footballers
Croatian footballers
Association football forwards
Croatian football managers
Croatian expatriate football managers
Fenerbahçe football managers
Expatriate football managers in Iran
Persepolis F.C. managers
HNK Hajduk Split managers
NK Osijek managers
HNK Šibenik managers
NK Zagreb managers
HNK Cibalia managers
HNK Trogir managers
NK Zadar managers
NK Celje managers
Yugoslav First League players
HNK Rijeka players
NK Solin players
HNK Hajduk Split players
Croatian Football League managers
Expatriate football managers in Slovenia
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
The William P. Mason House is a historic house located in Swansea, Massachusetts.
Description and history
It is a -story, wood-framed structure, with a side gable roof and clapboard siding. The main facade is asymmetrical, with an off-center gable and its entry sheltered by a bracketed hood. A -story ell extends to the rear, with a porch extending along its side. The house was built in about 1860, and is a fine local example of vernacular Gothic Revival styling. It occupied a prominent role in the village of Barneyville, serving as hotel, tavern, and post office at various times before about 1930, when it reverted to strictly residential use.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 8, 1990.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts
References
Houses in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Swansea, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
In Christianity, the Sermon on the Plain refers to a set of teachings by Jesus in the Gospel of Luke, in 6:20–49. This sermon may be compared to the longer Sermon on the Mount in the Gospel of Matthew.
Luke 6:12–20a details the events leading to the sermon. In it, Jesus spent the night on a mountain praying to God. Two days later, they gathered their disciples and selected 12 of them, whom they named Apostles. On the way down from the mountain, they stood at "a level place" (ἐπὶ τόπου πεδινοῦ, epi topou pedinou) where a throng of people had gathered. After curing those with "unclean spirits", Jesus began what is now called the Sermon on the Plain.
Notable messages in the Sermon include:
The beatitudes and woes (6:20–26)
Love your enemies and turn the other cheek (6:27–36)
Treat others the way you want to be treated (6:31)
Don't judge and you won't be judged, don't condemn and you won't be condemned, forgive and you will be forgiven, give and you will receive (6:37–38)
Can the blind lead the blind? Disciples are not above their teacher (6:39-40a)
Remove the log from your own eye before attending to the splinter in your friend's (40b-42)
A good tree does not produce bad fruit and a bad tree cannot produce good fruit, each tree is known by its fruit (43–45)
Why do you call me Lord, Lord yet not do what I command? (46)
Whoever follows these words of mine builds on rock and will survive, whoever does not builds on sand and will be destroyed (47–49)
In Luke 7:1 after Jesus had said everything they had to say to the crowd, they went to Capernaum, which in Lukan chronology they had not visited since Luke 4:31.
See also
Luke 6
Jesus in Christianity
Life of Jesus in the New Testament
References
Doctrines and teachings of Jesus
Gospel of Luke
Sermon on the Mount
The 2015 Fresno State Bulldogs football team represented California State University, Fresno in the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Bulldogs were led by fourth-year head coach Tim DeRuyter and played their home games at Bulldog Stadium. They were members of the Mountain West Conference in the West Division. They finished the season 3–9, 2–6 in Mountain West play to finish in a tie for fourth place in the West Division.
Schedule
Schedule Source:
Game summaries
Abilene Christian
at Ole Miss
Utah
San Jose State
at San Diego State
Utah State
UNLV
at Air Force
Nevada
at Hawaii
at BYU
Colorado State
References
Fresno State
Fresno State Bulldogs football seasons
Fresno State Bulldogs football
Minamoto no Tomonaga (源 朝長) (1144–1160) was a Minamoto clan samurai of the late Heian period. Their father was Minamoto no Yoshitomo and their mother was sister of Hatano Yoshimichi.
Tomonaga accompanied their father and two brothers, Minamoto no Yoshihira and Minamoto no Yoritomo, fleeing Kyoto following their defeat in the Heiji Rebellion in 1160. Tomonaga had been wounded on Mount Hiei. The four made their way through snowstorms to the east in an attempt to levy troops. Yoshihira and Yoritomo went on ahead, while Tomonaga lagged behind. Tomonaga asked their father to kill them so they would not fall into the hands of the enemy. Yoshitomo obliged their son. Shortly afterwards, Yoshitomo was also killed.
Tomonaga's grave was defiled some time later, by Taira no Munekiyo, who brought their head to Kyoto as a trophy.
References
Papinot, Edmond (1910). Historical and geographical dictionary of Japan. Tokyo: Librarie Sansaisha.
Minamoto clan
1144 births
1160 deaths
The Garrett Building is a historic office building located at 233-239 Redwood Street, Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a 13-story, limestone faced skyscraper which combines the Commercial style with Renaissance Revival detailing. It was designed and built in 1913 by the Baltimore architects J.B. Noel Wyatt and William G. Nolting for the Garrett and Sons investment banking company, a leading Baltimore financial institution offering a wide variety of services in several cities.
History
Robert Garrett was an Irish immigrant and merchant who came to Baltimore in 1801 and opened their financial firm in 1819. Their son, John W. Garrett, was an American banker, philanthropist, and president of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&O), whose support for the Union was critical in the Civil War. They were a close confidante of Johns Hopkins and George Peabody. Robert Garrett's great-grandson, Robert Garrett was an Olympic athlete and prominent in Baltimore civic life in the 20th century. Robert Garrett & Sons resided there until 1974 when it merged with Alex. Brown & Sons.
The Baltimore law firm Gordon Feinblatt which had leased space in The Garrett Building since 1967, purchased the building in 1981 and then began one of the largest single restoration projects in the history of downtown Baltimore. The project was completed in January, 1984. Since that time, The Garrett Building has been the home of Gordon Feinblatt.
The Garrett Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
References
External links
, including photo from 1983, at Maryland Historical Trust
Robert Garrett and Sons records at the University of Maryland Libraries
Downtown Baltimore
Skyscraper office buildings in Baltimore
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Baltimore
Office buildings completed in 1913
Buildings designated early commercial in the National Register of Historic Places
1913 establishments in Maryland
Tribute to Caesar may refer to:
Render unto Caesar, an episode in the New Testament
Tribute to Caesar (Manfredi), a painting of that episode
Tribute to Caesar (del Sarto and Allori), 1520s and 1582 fresco
Michaela Moťovská is a former Slovak football defender, who last played for Slovan Liberec in the Czech Women's First League.
They were a member of the Slovakia national team. They made their debut for the national team on 7 August 2015 in a match against the United Arab Emirates.
References
External links
Michaela Motovska - Slovak Defender 2015 on YouTube
1997 births
Living people
Slovak women's footballers
Expatriate women's footballers in the Czech Republic
Slovak expatriate footballers
People from Šaľa
Women's association football defenders
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
AC Sparta Praha (women) players
Slovakia women's international footballers
Czech Women's First League players
FC Slovan Liberec players
Ipande is an administrative ward in the Manyoni District of the Singida Region of Tanzania. In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 11,017 people in the ward, from 10,040 in 2012.
References
Wards of Singida Region
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Sombreffe. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Sombreffe
Wizards' Worlds is a collection of science fantasy short stories by American writer Andre Norton. It was first published in hardcover by Tor Books in September 1989, with a limited edition, also in hardcover, following in December of the same year from Easton Press as part of its "Signed First Editions of Science Fiction" series. The book was reprinted in paperback by Tor in July 1990.
Summary
The book collects thirteen novellas, novelettes and short stories by Norton, most of them previously published in their collections High Sorcery (1970) and Lore of the Witch World (1980). The title story was previously published as "Wizards' World". Included are seven stories set in Norton's "Witch World" series ("Falcon Blood", "The Toads of Grimmerdale", "Changeling", "Spider Silk", "Sword of Unbelief", "Sand Sister", and "Were-Wrath".
Contents
"Falcon Blood" (from Amazons!, edited by Jessica Amanda Salmonson, 1979)
"The Toads of Grimmerdale" (from Flashing Swords! #2, edited by Lin Carter, 1974)
"Changeling" (from Lore of the Witch World, by Andre Norton, 1980)
"Spider Silk" (from Flashing Swords! #3, edited by Lin Carter, 1976)
"Sword of Unbelief" (from Swords Against Darkness II, edited by Andrew J. Offutt, 1977)
"Sand Sister" (from Heroic Fantasy, edited by Gerald W. Page and Hank Reinhardt, 1979)
"Toys of Tamisan" (from If, v. 19, nos. 4–5, April–May 1969)
"Wizards' Worlds" (from If, v, 17, no. 6, June 1967 (as "Wizards' World")
"Mousetrap" (from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction, v. 6, no. 6, June 1954)
"Were-Wrath" (from Were-Wrath, by Andre Norton, 1984)
"By a Hair" (from Phantom Magazine, July 1958)
"All Cats Are Gray" (from Fantastic Universe, v. 1, no. 2, August–September 1953)
"Swamp Dweller" (from Magic in Ithkar, edited by Andre Norton and Robert Adams, 1985)
Notes
1980 short story collections
Fantasy short story collections
Short story collections by Andre Norton
Tor Books books
Naorem Tondomba Singh (born 1 February 1999) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for I-League club NEROCA, on loan from Mumbai City.
Career
Tondomba hails from Tentha, a small village in Thoubal district in Manipur. The midfielder started playing football at very early, like all other children from their state.
At youth level, Tondomba played for the Shillong Lajong Youth Academy and then the NEROCA FC U-18. They left for Manipur State League side KLASA before returning to the senior team of NEROCA.
On 27 October 2018, Tondomba made their professional debut in NEROCA home game against East Bengal. The midfielder played a pivotal role in NEROCA's 2018–19 I-League campaign. Their creativity in the midfield, passing ability and wing-play suited to the style of their former coach Manuel Retamero Fraile.
On 17 May 2019, Tondomba joined East Bengal on a four-year deal.
NEROCA
In July 2022, Tondomba returned to I-League club NEROCA on loan from Indian Super League club Mumbai City. On 18 August, they made their return debut in the Imphal Derby against TRAU in the Durand Cup, which ended in a 3–1 win. They were awarded Player of the Match.
Career statistics
Club
References
Living people
1999 births
Indian footballers
NEROCA FC players
People from Thoubal district
Footballers from Manipur
I-League players
Association football midfielders
East Bengal Club players
Indian Super League players
Mumbai City FC players
Ceke Port of Entry () is a port of entry on China's border with Mongolia.
The only international border crossing within Alxa League of Inner Mongolia, Ceke is located in Ejin Banner, in the Gobi Desert. The locality on the opposite, (Outer) Mongolian, side of the border is called Shivee Khuren.
Ceke's importance is primarily due to its location on the road from China to the Nariin Sukhait mining complex (Ovoot Tolgoi) in Mongolia. The Chinese part of the road is known as Inner Mongolia Provincial Highway 315 (S315).
Presently, there is only a highway border crossing at Ceke, which has been upgraded to 8 lanes in January 2013.
There are three railway terminals at Ceke, at which coal trucked in from Outer Mongolia can be loaded on train and shipped out over the Jiayuguan–Ceke Railway, Ejin–Hami Railway or Linhe–Ceke Railway.
Plans exist for extending the railway from Ceke to the Nariin Sukhait coal fields in Mongolia itself, so that transshipment at Ceke will not be necessary anymore.
Notes
Populated places in Inner Mongolia
China–Mongolia border crossings
Alxa League
Brad Lloyd (born 16 September 1975) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s.
Lloyd, a midfielder from Victorian Football League (VFL) side Williamstown, had an impressive 1997 in the Hawthorn reserves and won the Gardiner Medal. Recruited by Hawthorn at the 1997 AFL draft, Lloyd made their senior AFL debut in round two of the 1998 AFL season, when Hawthorn lost to Port Adelaide in Paul Salmon's 250th league game. Lloyd appeared in the last six rounds of the year and played briefly in 1999 but in all could only manage 11 games for the seniors while at Hawthorn. Lloyd never got to play a game against their brother, Essendon full-forward Matthew.
Lloyd was delisted by Hawthorn at the end of the 1999 season and returned to Williamstown, captaining the club from 2003 to 2006 and winning the Williamstown Best and Fairest award, the Gerry Callahan Medal, three times.
Following their retirement from football, Lloyd moved into football administration and previously worked in the recruiting department for AFL club Fremantle Football Club. On 14 August 2018, Lloyd was appointed Head of Football at the Carlton Football Club, when they replaced the outgoing Andrew McKay who stepped down from the position.
References
Holmesby, Russell and Main, Jim (2007). The Encyclopedia of AFL Footballers. 7th ed. Melbourne: Bas Publishing.
1975 births
Living people
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Hawthorn Football Club players
Williamstown Football Club players
Events in the year 1209 in Norway.
Incumbents
Monarch: Inge II Bårdsson
Events
Arts and literature
Births
Deaths
Margrete Eriksdotter, queen consort of Norway (born c.1155).
References
Norway
Achaean Doric Greek may refer to:
Doric of Achaea
The Doric Greek dialect spoken in Achaea in the NW Peloponnese, on the islands of Cephalonia and Zakynthos in the Ionian Sea and in the Achaean colonies of Magna Graecia in Southern Italy (including Sybaris and Crotone). This strict Doric dialect was later subject to the influence of mild Doric spoken in Corinthia. It survived to 350 BC. According to Hesychius, Achaeans means "the Greeks but foremost those inhabiting part of the Peloponnese, called Achaea", and they give these words under the ethnic Achaeans:
καιρότερον kairoteron (Attic: ἐνωρότερον enôroteron) "earlier" (kairos time, enôros early cf. Horae)
κεφαλίδας kephalidas (Attic: κόρσαι korsai) "sideburns" (kephalides was also an alternative for epalxeis 'bastions' in Greek proper)
σιαλίς sialis (Attic: βλέννος blennos) (cf. blennorrhea) slime, mud (Greek sialon or sielon saliva, modern Greek σάλιο salio)
Achaean Doric Koine
Achaean Doric Koine. The common dialect, used in the decrees of the Achaean League. In Arcadia it can be traced very easily because it differs considerably from the old non-Doric Arcadian (see Arcadocypriot Greek). In Achaea itself it held its ground until the 1st century BC. The Achaean Doric Koine did not develop the extreme features that are typical of the Aegean Doric and North-West Doric Koine.
References
Sources
Geschichte der Sprachwissenschaften: ein Internationales Handbuch by Sylvain Auroux (2001), p. 442.
A history of ancient Greek: from the beginnings to late antiquity by Anastasios-Phoivos Christidēs, Maria Arapopoulou (2007), p. 484. .
Further reading
Bakker, Egbert J., ed. 2010. A companion to the Ancient Greek language. Oxford: Wiley-Blackwell.
Cassio, Albio Cesare. 2002. "The language of Doric comedy." In The language of Greek comedy. Edited by Anton Willi, 51–83. Oxford: Oxford University Press.
Christidis, Anastasios-Phoivos, ed. 2007. A history of Ancient Greek: From the beginnings to Late Antiquity. Cambridge, UK: Cambridge University Press.
Colvin, Stephen C. 2007. A historical Greek reader: Mycenaean to the koiné. Oxford: Oxford University Press.
Horrocks, Geoffrey. 2010. Greek: A history of the language and its speakers. 2nd ed. Oxford: Wiley-Blackwell.
Palmer, Leonard R. 1980. The Greek language. London: Faber & Faber.
Doric Greek
Ancient Achaea
Ancient Arcadia
Ancient Greek culture
Best Concert: My Graduation is the 2nd concert DVD from Japanese pop singer Nami Tamaki. The DVD managed to become #8 on the Oricon Charts. It is so far the highest budgeted concert from Nami Tamaki, featuring a large screen, two stage levels, and professional dancers, as well as unique costumes.
Concert set-list
"OP. My Graduation"
"High School Queen"
"Realize"
"Sunrize"
"Promised Land"
"Shning Star: Wasurenai Kara"
"(Nami's Original Songs Medley) Be Positive: Dreamers/Identity"
"Heroine"
"You"
"Dance Interlude"
"Get Wild"
"Reason"
"(Medley) Fortune: My Way/Fortune"
"Heart and Soul: Daitan Ni Ikimashou"
"Sanctuary"
"Result"
Encore
"(Medley) Prayer: Programless Beat Mix I Can Fly"
"Cross Season"
"Believe"
"19 Growing Up: Ode to My Buddy"
2007 video albums
Nami Tamaki albums
Slavicisation or Slavicization, is the acculturation of something Slavic into a non-Slavic culture, cuisine, region, or nation. To a lesser degree, it also means acculturation or adoption of something non-Slavic into Slavic culture or terms. The process can either be voluntary or applied through varying degrees of pressure.
The term can also refer to the historical Slavic migrations to the Balkans which gradually Slavicized large areas previously inhabited by other ethnic peoples.
After historic ethnogenesis and distinct nationalisation, ten main subsets of the process apply in modern times:
Belarusization
Bosniakisation
Bulgarisation
Croatisation
Czechization
Polonization
Russification
Serbianisation
Slovakization
Ukrainization
See also
Hellenization
Pan-Slavism
Cultural assimilation
Specialization or Specialized may refer to:
Academia
Academic specialization, may be a course of study or major at an academic institution or may refer to the field in which a specialist practices
Specialty (medicine), a branch of medical practice
Biology
Cellular differentiation, the process by which a less specialized cell becomes a more specialized cell type
Specialty (medicine), a branch of medical science
Generalist and specialist species, in biology and ecology
Specialization in multicellular organisms
Computer science
Partial template specialization, a particular form of class template specialization
Template specialization, a style of computer programming which allows alternative implementations to be provided based on certain characteristics of the parameterized type that is being instantiated
Economics and industry
Departmentalization, refers to the process of grouping activities into departments
Division of labour, the specialization of cooperative labour in specific, circumscribed tasks and roles
Economic specialization, the separation of tasks within an economy
Flexible Specialization (Post-Fordism), a name given to the dominant system of economic production, consumption and associated socio-economic phenomena, in most industrialized countries since the late 20th century
Network governance, also known as Flexible Specialization
Linguistics
Specialization (linguistics)
Specialized English, a controlled version of the English language used for radio broadcasting, easier for non-native speakers
Mathematics
Specialization (pre)order, a natural preorder on the set of the points of a topological space
Organizations
SCT Logistics, transport company in Australia that formally traded as Specialised Container Transport
Specialised Technical Committees of the African Union
Specialized Technology Resources, an American corporation headquartered in Enfield, Connecticut
Specialized System Consultants, a private media company that publishes magazines and reference manuals
Specialized Bicycle Components, a company making bicycles and bicycle components
Psychology
Cognitive specialization, refers to the theory that learning certain skills inhibits the ability to learn related but dissimilar skills
Specialization of knowledge
Interactive specialization, a theory of brain development
Other uses
Specialized Mobile Radio, analog or digital trunked two-way radio system
See also
Specialist (disambiguation)
Barbara Florian (born 1931) is a retired Swedish film actor known for their work in Italian cinema.
Selected filmography
The Devil in the Convent (1950)
Carcerato (1951)
Rome-Paris-Rome (1951)
Red Moon (1951)
Girls Marked Danger (1952)
Altri tempi (1952)
I tre corsari (1952)
Jolanda, the Daughter of the Black Corsair (1953)
First Love (1959)
References
Bibliography
Small, Pauline. Sophia Loren: Moulding the Star. Intellect Books, 2009.
External links
1931 births
Living people
20th-century Swedish women artists
Swedish emigrants to Italy
Actresses from Stockholm
The British Ecological Society is a learned society in the field of ecology that was founded in 1913. It is the oldest ecological society in the world. The Society's original objective was "to promote and foster the study of Ecology in its widest sense" and this remains the central theme guiding its activities today. The Society had, circa 2013 around 4,000 members of which 14% are students. Of its members, 42% are outside the United Kingdom, in a total of 92 countries. The head office is located in London.
History
The Society evolved out of the British Vegetation Committee, which was founded in 1904 to promote the survey and study of vegetation in the British Isles. This initiative was in turn the outcome of what many historians perceive to have been the emergence of modern ecology in the 1890s. The British Ecological Society's inaugural meeting was held at University College London on 12 April 1913 and was attended by 47 members. Sir Arthur Tansley became the first President and the first issue of Journal of Ecology was printed in time for the meeting.
In its early days the society shared the London offices of The Linnean Society.
Publications
Publication of scientific journals is a principal activity. The Journal of Ecology was first published in 1913 in time for the inaugural meeting of the Society, followed by the Journal of Animal Ecology (1932), Journal of Applied Ecology (1962), Functional Ecology (1987), and Methods in Ecology and Evolution (2010). Members can subscribe to these journals at a low cost. The Society also partners with Wiley-Blackwell on the open access journal Ecology and Evolution.
Meetings
The Society also runs several major scientific meetings for ecologists each year. The Annual Meeting currently attracts 1,200 delegates each year and provides the opportunity for ecologists to present papers and posters on a wide variety of topics; an important element has always been the active participation of research students. There is an increasing number of delegates from overseas, principally Europe. It is Europe's largest annual meeting of ecologists. Since 1960 the Society has run an Annual Symposium and published a volume of its papers. It supports a range of other specialist meetings, workshops, training events and field meetings.
Presidents
References
External links
British ecologists
Ecology organizations
Learned societies of the United Kingdom
Organisations based in London
Professional associations based in the United Kingdom
Scientific organizations established in 1913
1913 establishments in the United Kingdom
Andera-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Anderā-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Andarā, Andarā', Anderā, and Indru) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 144, in 39 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The K/U Ratio is the ratio of a slightly volatile element, potassium (K), to a highly refractory element, uranium (U). It is a useful way to measure the presence of volatile elements on planetary surfaces. The K/U ratio helps explain the evolution of the planetary system and the origin of Earth's moon.
Volatile and refractory elements
In planetary science, volatiles are the group of chemical elements and chemical compounds with low boiling points that are associated with a planet's or a moon's crust or atmosphere.
Very low boiling temperature examples include nitrogen, water, carbon dioxide, ammonia, hydrogen, methane and sulfur dioxide.
In contrast with volatiles, elements and compounds with high boiling points are known as refractory substances.
The elements can be divided into several categories:
On the basis of available data, which is sparse for Mars and very uncertain for Venus, the three inner planets then become progressively more depleted in K passing from Mars to Earth to Venus.
Planetary gamma-ray spectrometers
Some elements like potassium, uranium, and thorium are naturally radioactive and give off gamma rays as they decay. Electromagnetic radiation from these isotopes can be detected by a Gamma-Ray Spectrometer (GRS) dropped toward the planetary surface or observed from orbit. An orbiting instrument can map the surface distribution of many elements for an entire planet.
Unmanned spacecraft programs such as Venera and the Vega program have flown to Venus and sent back estimates of the K/U ratio of the surface rocks.
The Lunar Prospector mission used a GRS to map the Earth's Moon.
To determine the elemental makeup of the Martian surface, the Mars Odyssey used a GRS and two neutron detectors.
These GRS readings can be compared to direct elemental measurements of chondrites meteorites, Earth, and Moon samples brought back from Apollo program missions, as well as to meteorites that are believed to have come from Mars.
Ratios of solar system bodies
K and U move together during geochemical processes and have long-lived radioisotopes that emit gamma rays. It is calculated as a ratio of one to the other on an equal mass basis which is often .
This creates a compelling explanation for the evolution of the solar system.
This result is consistent with an increasing temperature toward the sun during its early protoplanetary nebula phase.
The temperature at the early stage of solar system formation was in excess of 1,000K at the distance of Earth from the sun, and as low as 200–100K at the distances of Jupiter and Saturn.
Earth
At the high temperatures for Earth, no volatiles would be in the solid state, and the dust would be made up of silicate and metal.
The continental crust and lower mantle have average K/U values of about 12,000. mid-ocean ridge basalt (MORB) or upper mantle have more volatiles and have a K/U ratio of about 19,000.
Volatile depletion explains why Earth's sodium (volatile) content is about 10% of its calcium (refractory) content, despite the similar abundance in chondrites.
Earth's Moon's origin
The Moon stands out as being very depleted in volatiles.
The Moon not only lacks water and atmospheric gases, but also lacks moderately volatile elements such as K, Na, and Cl. The Earth's K/U ratio is 12,000, while the Moon has a K/U ratio of only 2,000. This difference suggests that the material that formed the Moon was subjected to temperatures considerably higher than the Earth.
The prevailing theory is that the Moon formed out of the debris left over from a collision between Earth and an astronomical body the size of Mars, approximately 4.5 billion years ago, about 20 to 100 million years after the Solar System coalesced. This is called the Giant-impact hypothesis.
It is hypothesized that most of the outer silicates of the colliding body would be vaporized, whereas a metallic core would not. Hence, most of the collisional material sent into orbit would consist of silicates, leaving the coalescing Moon deficient in iron. The more volatile materials that were emitted during the collision probably would escape the Solar System, whereas silicates would tend to coalesce.
The ratios of the Moon's volatile elements are not explained by the giant-impact hypothesis. If the giant-impact hypothesis is correct, they must be due to some other cause.
Meteorites
Farther from the sun, the temperature was low enough that volatile elements would precipitate as ices. The two are separated by a snow line controlled by the temperature distribution around the Sun.
Formed farthest from the sun, the carbonaceous chondrites have the highest K/U ratios. Ordinary chondrites which form closer in are only about 10% depleted in K relative to U.
The fine-grained matrix which fills spaces between the chondrules, however, appears to have formed at rather different temperatures in the various classes of chondrites. For this reason the volatile abundances of different classes of chondrites can vary. One particularly important class is the carbonaceous chondrites because of their high carbon content. In these meteorites, chondrules coexist with minerals that are only stable below 100 °C, so they contain materials that formed in both high- and low-temperature environments and were only later collected together. Further evidence for the primordial attributes of carbonaceous chondrites comes from the fact that they have compositions very similar to the nonvolatile element composition of the sun.
Controversy of Mercury
Mercury was surveyed by the MESSENGER mission with its Gamma-Ray Spectrometer. The K/U ratios for Mercury could range between 8,000 and 17,000 which would imply a volatile rich planet. However, metal/silicate partitioning data for K and U still needs additional experiments at the conditions of Mercury's core formation to understand this unusual high ratio.
References
Planetary geology
Petrology
Structure of the Earth
Volcanology
Astrobiology
Origins
Prebiotic chemistry
is a mystery novel by Seishi Yokomizo. It was serialized in the magazine Houseki from April to December 1946, and won the first Mystery Writers of Japan Award in 1948. It was filmed as Death at an Old Mansion in 1976. In 2019, it was translated into English for the first time by Louise Heal Kawai, and the translation was named by The Guardian as one of the best recent crime novels in 2019.
The novel introduces Kosuke Kindaichi, a popular fictional detective who featured in seventy-seven Yokomizo mysteries. In it, they solve a locked-room mystery murder that takes place in an isolated mansion (honjin) blanketed in snow. Yokomizo had read classic Western detective novels extensively, and the novel makes allusions to John Dickson Carr, Gaston Leroux, and others, with several mentions of Leroux's The Mystery of the Yellow Room as an emblematic locked-room mystery. Though writing a noir and sometimes graphic murder mystery, Yokomizo worked within the tradition of literary Japanese aesthetics. They frequently paused to include lyrical descriptions of nature, the mansion, and the characters. The novel provides a detailed sense of place, including repeated references to cardinal directions and a detailed sketch of the murder scene. Koto music, instruments, and implements play a recurring role in the case.
In addition to the central mystery, Yokomizo uses the story to illuminate the traditions, customs, and agrarian rhythm of rural Japan in the early twentieth century as well as anxieties about changing class distinctions. The omniscient narrator, in an aside to the "Gentle reader," explains that the word "lineage, which has all but fallen out of usage in the city, is even today alive and well in rural villages like this one," and the killer's motive is revealed to relate to an obsession with traditional concepts of honor and family bloodlines.
Story
On 25 November 1937, at a former honjin in Okayama, the wedding of Kenzou Ichiyanagi and Katsuko Kubo is held. The celebrants include the mother Itoko, the third son Saburo, the second daughter Suzuko, the cousin Ryousuke, and Ginzo Kubo, Katsuko's uncle. During the ceremony, Suzuko plays the koto, and everything ends without incident.
Later that night, the wild sound of the koto is heard across the mansion. Ginzo rushes to the newly wedded couple's bedroom, only to find the couple killed in a brutal fashion. A Japanese sword is later found thrust into the ground in the middle of the garden, with no footprints on the surrounding thick snow, creating a perfect locked room mystery.
Main characters
Key figures
An omniscient narrator
Writer of detective stories
Kosuke Kindaichi
A private detective, summoned by Ginzo Kubo
Detective Inspector Tsunejiro Isokawa
An inspector from Okayama prefecture in charge of the case
The Ichiyanagi Family
Ihei Ichiyanagi
Great-uncle of Kenzo, Ryosuke etc.
Itoko Ichiyanagi
Mother of Kenzo, Taeko, Ryuuji, Saburo, Suzoko, widowed
Kenzo Ichiyanagi
The eldest son, the present head of family, and an independent scholar of philosophy, engaged to Katsuko Kubo
Taeko Ichiyanagi
The eldest daughter, married and living in Japanese-occupied Shanghai
Ryuuji Ichiyanagi
The second son, a doctor employed at an Osaka hospital
Saburo Ichiyanagi
The ne'er-do-well third son, an avid reader and collector of detective novels
Suzuko Ichiyanagi
The second daughter, a seventeen-year-old but with the mind of a child but a skilled koto player
Ryosuke Ichiyanagi
An Ichiyanagi first-cousin, the head of a branch of the family who shoulders much of the day-to-day management of the estate
Akiko Ichiyanagi
Ryosuke's wife
Sakue Ichiyanagi
Husband of Itoko, father of Kenzo, Taeko, Ryuuji, Saburo, Suzoko, deceased
Hayato Ichiyanagi
Uncle of Kenzo, Taeko, Ryuuji, Saburo, Suzoko, father of Ryosuke, deceased
The Kubo Family
Rinkichi Kubo
Father of Katsuko
Ginzo Kubo
Katsuko's phlegmatic uncle and guardian, prosperous and yet a tenant farmer and therefore lower class
Katsuko Kubo
A schoolteacher, fiancee of Kenzo Ichiyanagi
Shizuko Shiraki
Friend of Katsuko Kubo
References
1946 novels
20th-century Japanese novels
Novels first published in serial form
Works originally published in Japanese magazines
Locked-room mysteries
Fiction set in 1937
Novels set in Okayama Prefecture
Roni Bar-On (, born 2 June 1948) is an Israeli politician and lawyer. They served as a member of the Knesset for Likud and Kadima between 2003 and 2011, and is also a former Minister of Finance.
Biography
Bar-On was born in Tel Aviv shortly after Israeli independence in 1948. After their national service, in which they rose to the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel, they studied law at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Whilst working as a lawyer they became a Justice in the Military Court of Appeals in the West Bank.
In 1997 they were appointed Attorney General, but resigned as a consequence of heavy criticism related to the 'Bar-On Hebron' scandal, which involved allegations against chief officials that they recommended Bar-On to the position for personal reasons. Bar-On resigned within 48 hours.
Prior to their political career, Bar-On served, among others, as Chairman of the Council for the Organisation of Sport Gambling (1998–2001), member of the Central Committee of the Israel Bar (1995–2003) and the Jerusalem Regional Committee of the Israeli Bar, as well as a member of the Council for the Administrative Courts, the Advisory Commission to the Government Companies Authority and the Public Defenders Commission. In addition, they served as Chairman of Beitar Jerusalem's committee, and also on the committee of the Israel Football Association.
Bar-On entered the political world when they were elected to the Knesset in 2003 on the Likud list. They served as chairperson of the House Committee, and a member of the Constitution, Law and Justice and State Control Committees, as well as a substitute member of the Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee. They were also a member of the parliamentary inquiry committee on violence in sports, as well as the Environmental Lobby. They also served as member of the Parliamentary Inquiry Committee for Uncovering Corruption in the Government System of Israel.
When Ariel Sharon broke with their party to form Kadima, Bar-On followed him, and was appointed Minister of National Infrastructure and Minister of Science and Technology for the last three months of the Knesset term.
After the 2006 elections, Ehud Olmert appointed them Minister of Internal Affairs. They were also considered for the post of Justice Minister after Haim Ramon's conviction for sexual harassment, but withdrew their candidacy on 4 February 2007. As part of a cabinet reshuffle in July 2007 they were appointed Finance Minister, despite having no economic experience and lead the Israeli economy through the turbulent times of the Global Economic Crisis.
In the 2009 elections they retained their seat after winning fifth place on Kadima's list, but lost their place in the cabinet as the Likud-led coalition formed the government. As a leading member of the minority in the Knesset, Bar-On was elected to head the Knesset State Control Committee in July 2011. As a part of a coalition reshuffle, Bar-On was then elected for the position of Head of Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee. On 5 December 2012, in the days leading up to the 2013 elections, Bar-On announced they would not be contesting the elections.
 They are married with three children.
References
External links
1948 births
People from Tel Aviv
Hebrew University of Jerusalem Faculty of Law alumni
Attorneys General of Israel
Living people
Likud politicians
Kadima politicians
Ministers of Finance of Israel
Ministers of Internal Affairs of Israel
Members of the 16th Knesset (2003–2006)
Members of the 17th Knesset (2006–2009)
Members of the 18th Knesset (2009–2013)
Off the Block with Ross and Marissa (often shortened to just Off the Block) is a reality aftershow and spin-off of Big Brother hosted by Ross Mathews and Marissa Jaret Winokur who were both HouseGuests on the first season of Celebrity Big Brother. The show premiered on June 29, 2018 as a Facebook Watch exclusive. The series did not return as a companion to Big Brother 21.
Development
The first aftershow attempted by CBS began in 2004 with House Calls: The Big Brother Talk Show The series primarily featured a discussion about events occurring in the Big Brother house. House Calls aired every weekday alongside new episodes of Big Brother from Big Brother 5 until its cancellation prior to Big Brother 11 in 2008. The next companion show began in 2012 with former Big Brother HouseGuest Jeff Schroeder known as Big Brother: Live Chat. The show aired each week following the live eviction when Schroeder would interview the evicted HouseGuests. However, On August 10, 2017 Schroeder announced that they were moving to Colorado and would no longer be able to host the show. Ahead of Big Brother 20 it was announced by Julie Chen on Twitter that Celebrity Big Brother 1 runner-up and winner Ross Mathews and Marissa Jaret Winokur would be filling in the gap left by Schroeder with a new show called Off the Block.
Production
Due to the format of Big Brother, beginning with episode 7, the hosts are required to keep certain aspects of the parent series confidential from the evicted HouseGuest in an effort to keep their Jury vote unbiased.
Broadcast
The show airs on Fridays the day after live eviction episodes of Big Brother 20 and is a Facebook Watch exclusive. The first-season finale is set to air live immediately following the Big Brother 20 finale from the House's backyard featuring interviews from the season's HouseGuests.
Format
Each episode generally consists of the following format in order:
BB Breakdown: Ross and Marissa discuss the biggest moments from the recent episodes of Big Brother.
Live Feed Exclusive: An exclusive highlight from the Big Brother Live Feeds that is only shown on Off the Block.
Off the Block Interview: Ross and Marissa interview the most recently evicted HouseGuests.
Prediction Predicament: Ross and Marissa make their own predictions based on what is currently happening inside the Big Brother house.
Episodes
Notes
References
External links
2018 American television series debuts
2018 American television series endings
2010s American reality television series
Aftershows
American television spin-offs
Big Brother (American TV series)
Reality television spin-offs
Television series about television
Pearl of Puerto, also referred to as Pearl of Puerto Princesa () is the largest known natural pearl in the world. It was found in the Philippines sea by a Filipino fisherman. It measures 2.2 feet (67 cm) long, 1 foot (30 cm) wide and weighs 34 kilograms (75 lb).
History
The pearl was found by accident by Cuyunon fishermen when they tried to pull the anchor of their ship from the seabed because of an impending storm. One of the fishermen then decided to dive to free the anchor and then found a giant clam. The fishermen thought of cooking the clam and then discovered the giant pearl. The pearl was hidden for 10 years by one of the fishermen as a token of good luck by rubbing the pearl before going out fishing. It is said that rubbing the pearl would give them a lot of fish to catch. The pearl was given to Aileen Cynthia Maggay-Amurao, a tourism officer in Puerto Princesa and relative of the fisherman. It was given since the fisherman was going to move to another place and the pearl needed safekeeping. The pearl was then displayed in Puerto Princesa where it remains to this day.
Characteristics
The pearl has a length close to 2 feet and the weight of the pearl is close to 34 kilograms. Unlike true pearls, the Pearl of Puerto does not show iridescence. Since the pearl is bigger than the Pearl of Lao Tzu, the value of the pearl is higher. It is estimated that the pearl would cost around US $100 million.
References
External links
Individual pearls
Mollusc products
Culture of Palawan
Puerto Princesa
The 1992 NCAA Division I Indoor Track and Field Championships were contested to determine the individual and team national champions of men's and women's NCAA collegiate indoor track and field events in the United States after the 1991–92 season, the 27th annual meet for men and 9th annual for women.
The championships were again held at the Hoosier Dome in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Eight-time defending champions Arkansas claimed the men's team title, the Razorbacks' ninth title and the ninth of twelve straight titles.
Florida won the women's team title, the Gators' first.
Qualification
All teams and athletes from Division I indoor track and field programs were eligible to compete for this year's individual and team titles.
Team standings
Note: Top 10 only
Scoring: 6 points for a 1st-place finish in an event, 4 points for 2nd, 3 points for 3rd, 2 points for 4th, and 1 point for 5th
(DC) = Defending Champions
Men's title
51 teams scored at least one point
Women's title
43 teams scored at least one point
References
NCAA Indoor Track and Field Championships
Ncaa Indoor Track And Field Championships
Ncaa Indoor Track And Field Championships
"Se på mig" (literally translating into "Look at Me"; an English version is titled "Another Night") is a song by Swedish singer Jan Johansen. It represented at the Eurovision Song Contest 1995 in Dublin, Ireland, using the colloquial spelling "Se på mej".
It was the 18th song that was performed on the night, following ' Alexandros Panayi with "Sti Fotia" and preceding 's Aud Wilken with "Fra Mols til Skagen". At the close of the voting, it had received 100 points, ultimately finishing 3rd out of a possible 23. It was succeeded as Swedish representative at the 1996 contest by One More Time with "Den vilda".
The song peaked on the Swedish Sverigetopplistan singles chart at #1 twice. On 21 April 1995 it reached No. 1 on the charts, staying there for five weeks and then returned to #1 on 9 June 1995 for another four weeks.
Critical reception
Pan-European magazine Music & Media wrote, "The number 3 at the Eurovision Song Contest in Dublin proves to be a man of endurance, as radio is steadily picking up their AOR ballad, which has a synth line a la Brucie's Philadelphia."
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
1995 songs
Eurovision songs of 1995
Eurovision songs of Sweden
Melodifestivalen songs of 1995
Number-one singles in Sweden
Songs written by Bobby Ljunggren
Songs with lyrics by Ingela Forsman
Jan Johansen (singer) songs
"Somewhere in Your Heart" is a song by American singer Frank Sinatra, which was a hit in 1965.
Charts
References
External links
1965 songs
1965 singles
Frank Sinatra songs
Liksy Joseph is an Indian athlete. They represent India in the heptathlon.
Life
Liksy and Niksy were twins born to Gracy and K.M. Joseph in 1990 in Kerala.
They competed in the 2017 Asian Athletics Championships – Women's heptathlon. The race was won by their compatriot Swapna Barman and another teammate, Purnima Hembram, took the bronze.
References
Sportswomen from Kerala
Indian heptathletes
21st-century Indian women
21st-century Indian people
1990 births
Living people
Chris Tranchell (born Christopher Peter John Small, 13 April 1941) is a British actor, best known for their role in the television drama Survivors as Paul Pitman.
They also appeared in three different Doctor Who serials: The Massacre of St Bartholomew's Eve in 1966, The Faceless Ones in 1967 and The Invasion of Time in 1978. Their other credits include Z-Cars, The Onedin Line, The New Avengers and Play School.
Theatre work includes Thomas Malory's Morte D'Arthur at the Lyric Hammersmith in the roles of Merlin and Pelles.
Filmography
Battle of Britain (1969) - 'A' Station Pilot (uncredited)
References
External links
1941 births
Living people
English male television actors
BBC television presenters
Atlético Nacional is a Honduran football club based in Villanueva, Honduras.
History
They took over the Ingenio Villanueva franchise to play in the Honduran second division from the 2013 Clausura. They were named Atlético Nacional after being bought by a Colombian company. Ingenio Villanueva were promoted to the second tier themselves in summer 2012, after Pablo Zapata scored a hattrick to beat Merendón 3–1 in the second leg of the Liga Mayor championship final.
References
Football clubs in Honduras
UNESCO's City of Gastronomy project is part of the wider Creative Cities Network. The Network was launched in 2004, and organizes member cities into seven creative fields: Crafts and Folk Art, Design, Film, Gastronomy, Literature, Media Arts, and Music.
Criteria for Cities of Gastronomy
To be approved as a City of Gastronomy, cities need to meet a number of criteria set by UNESCO:
Well-developed gastronomy that is characteristic of the urban centre and/or region;
Vibrant gastronomy community with numerous traditional restaurants and/or chefs;
Indigenous ingredients used in traditional cooking;
Local know-how, traditional culinary practices and methods of cooking that have survived industrial/technological advancement;
Traditional food markets and traditional food industry;
Tradition of hosting gastronomic festivals, awards, contests and other broadly-targeted means of recognition;
Respect for the environment and promotion of sustainable local products;
Nurturing of public appreciation, promotion of nutrition in educational institutions and inclusion of biodiversity conservation programmes in cooking schools curricula.
Cities submit bids to UNESCO to be designated, which reviewed every four years.
About the cities
The first City of Gastronomy was Popayán,Colombia, designated in 2005. It hosts an annual National Gastronomic Congress of Popayán.
Chengdu, China, is the capital of Sichuan and Sichuanese cuisine, one of the most popular types of cuisine in China. The city is the birthplace of numerous dishes, including mapo doufu and dan dan noodles, and has a distinct and vibrant tea house culture.
Bergen, Norway, is a port city with a long history in seafood trade. Local gastronomy thrives on organic food. Bergen hosts the world's largest conference on seafood, the North Atlantic Seafood Forum Conference, and is also home to the Centre of Expertise for Sustainable Seafood and the National Institute of Nutrition and Seafood Research.
Rasht, Iran, represents Iranian cookery. The dominant foods are various types of fish. The region is famous for several distinctive dishes as well as the typical cooking method in Gamaj clay pots.
Tucson, Arizona, USA, has been selected because of "region's rich agricultural heritage, thriving food traditions, and culinary distinctiveness". Tucson is well known for its Sonoran-style Mexican food.
Alba, Italy, is famous for its white truffles and vineyards. The city is referred to as the White Truffle Capital and holds an annual Truffle Festival. Alba also played the key role in the creation and development of the Slow Food movement.
Bergamo, Italy, is famous for its history of cheese making, renowned for its award-winning and famous cheese products, as well as other forms of traditional food production. Bergamo has also advocated for greater sustainability in food production and support of its farmers and traditional methods of agriculture.
Macau, an autonomous region on the south coast of China, represents a unique blend of Cantonese and Portuguese influence in culinary arts. An example is African chicken, a dish which includes Asian ingredients next to peri-peri peppers brought from Mozambique by Portuguese explorers. The city holds Macao Food Festival and other food-related events.
Belém, Brazil, a territory of which 65% is situated across 39 islands, provides diversity of local food products such as seafood, açaí, cocoa and pupunha. The city has a famous historic food market, Ver-o-Peso, where food-related events are held.
Three additional Brazilian cities are also designated as Cities of Gastronomy: Florianópolis, Belo Horizonte, and Paraty. Florianopolis was designated due to its hosting of annual food festivals and its oyster industry; Belo Horizonte because of its coffee industry and the mixing of various cultures that flocked to the city influencing its cuisine, and Paraty because of the blending of Portuguese, Indigenous, and African cultures leading to the creation of some of Brazil's most famous cuisine such as paçoca and farofa-de-feijão and its history in making of cachaça.
Hyderabad, India, the capital of Telangana state, shows the flourishing of two of India's most famous cuisines-- Hyderabadi and Telugu cuisine—and the resulting fusion and blending of them in Hyderabad. As a result, Hyderabad is famous for dishes that show the influences of both cultures, such as Hyderabadi biryani, Hyderabadi haleem, murtabak, upma, dosa, and avakaya. Events and festivals such as Ramzan and Bathukamma promote and cultivate the city's unique and diverse gastronomic culture.
Cities of Gastronomy
There are 49 Cities of Gastronomy. Twelve countries have more than one designated city. China has five if Macao is included, Brazil has four, Turkey and Italy both have three Cities of Gastronomy, while Australia, Colombia, Iran, Japan, Mexico, Spain, Thailand and United States have all two entries on the list.
The Cities of Gastronomy are:
See also
City of Crafts and Folk Arts
City of Film
City of Literature
City of Music
Design Cities
References
External links
Creative Cities Map, UNESCO.
Lists of cities
UNESCO
Notonecta undulata, also known by the common name grousewinged backswimmer, are from the family Notonectidae and the insect suborder Heteroptera. They are a type of hemipteran or true bug. These aquatic insects typically spend their time at the water's surface, using their abdomen and legs to cling to the underside of the surface tension. The Grousewinged backswimmer can be found in both lotic and lentic environments; however, they typically prefer small ponds and lakes where the water is slow-moving with less current. They swim upside down looking for prey. Once they stop swimming they float back up to the surface. These insects can be distinguished from water boatman or Corixidae by their segmented beak and front legs. Water boatman have highly modified front legs whereas backswimmers do not. Backswimmers are distributed across a broad range throughout North America. However, the species Notonecta undulata has only been documented and studied in southern Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Alberta and the western United States. N. undulata differs from other backswimmers by their antennae and size. They are approximately 10–12 mm long, and their antennae are 4 segmented.
Taxonomy and morphology
Notonecta undulata is the Linnaean name for the grousewinged backswimmer. This species is classified as a true bug under the suborder Heteroptera. They are located under the family Notonectidae, which is divided into two subfamilies: Notonectinae and Anisopinae. Individuals that are in the subfamily Notonectinae are distinguishable from their Anisopinae relatives by their 4-segmented beak and antennae. Insects from the subfamily Notonectinae are also larger, approximately 10–16 mm in length. N. undulata measure 10–12 mm. Grousewinged backswimmers can range from a dull greenish yellow to black. The head of back is convex and the antennae are short and concealed beneath the eye. The scutellum is usually black with pale spots on the sides and at the apex. The hind tibiae and tarsus have dense bristle like hairs that make them appear oar-like. This allows them to be efficient swimmers; however, it has been documented that members of the genus Notonecta are not as good at swimming as Buenoa sp. The front and middle tarsi have apical claws; however, the hind tarsi are clawless. There are 5 points on the backswimmer that allow it to attach to the surface film of the water. These 5 points include the anterior legs and the abdomen of the insect. There are receptors associated with each of these points that help the insect in locomotion and capturing prey. Grousewinged backswimmers also lack ocelli. The need to detect light was mostly likely lost through natural selection due to a variety of environmental pressures. Their beak is stout and the ventral surface of the abdomen has a prominent hairy keel. The front and middle legs are approximately one half shorter than the hind legs and the femur is enlarged basally. The wing membrane also has a large black spot on the median line and the hemelytra are pale.
Prior to 1917, there had been no complete description of the Notonecta genus until H. B. Hungerford described the species N. undulata under the Kansas University Science Bulletin. Today, the species N. undulata is not well documented. Scientific literature and taxonomy referenced range between the 1920s and 1970s, with only a few articles published after the 1990s. Taxonomic classification of the species remains similar today as it did 40 years ago.
Habitat and ecology
N. undulata typically inhabit ponds and lakes but have been known to occupy small streams or rivers when resources become limited or competition in lentic environments is too high. Backswimmers will maximize conditions by flying and seeking out areas to settle. It has also been tested that the Grousewinged backswimmer will have a higher dispersal rate when predation levels increase in the environment. Ponds have a greater surface area to volume ratio of vegetation than lakes which increases the amount of hiding places and food for the insect. This makes ponds one of the best locations for the backswimmer. These insects may prefer ponds because the distribution of N. undualata depends on food supply. It has been found that ponds and wetlands have a higher diversity of organisms which is often related to nutrient and food resources. Temperature can also affect the distribution of Grousewinged backswimmers. Scientific study has shown that N. undulata is capable of surviving over a wide range of temperatures and conditions. They have been known to withstand temperatures ranging from 4 to 32 °C and water hardness between 28 and 220 ppm. In nature, they will avoid temperatures higher than 32 °C by flying and searching out new locations; however, they can withstand them for short periods of time through the use of their cuticular lipid monolayer. This physiological adaptation allows them to uptake water and avoid dehydration when temperatures get too high. The pH level of water can also affect the backswimmer's choice of habitat or niche. N. undulata has been documented to prefer pH levels between 6.0 and 7.1, a relatively normal water acidity. Environmental factors such as pH, temperature and trophic interactions affect the ecology of the Grousewinged backswimmer.
Predator prey interactions are another factor affecting backswimmer ecology. Notonecta are generalist predators that attack and consume many types of aquatic invertebrates and terrestrial prey that fall on the surface of the water. They are known to prey on small crustaceans, nymphs and adults of corixids, dragonfly nymphs, caddisflies and fish eggs. Specifically, N. undulata prefers to eat mosquito larvae over any other type of invertebrate. Studies have been conducted between the Grousewinged backswimmer and Aedes aegypti, a type of mosquito that has been known to act as a vector for malaria and yellow fever. As a consequence, N. undulata has been suggested as a prudent biological control.
Reproduction
The grousewinged backswimmer is bivoltine. Females of the first generation become adults and reproductively mature in July producing a second generation. The adults that become mature after July enter reproductive diapause which ends by late October. All N. undulata will overwinter in the adult stage and begin depositing eggs in the early spring. Eggs develop through 5 nymphal instars during the spring and summer. The preoviposition period lasts 16 days and eggs tend to be laid in ponds or calmer lakes rather than fast-flowing streams. The eggs are attached to plants or other suspended objects within the water column. They are elongate ovals, usually 1.7 mm x 0.6 mm. The incubation period lasts 5–14 days and oviposition is continuous in summer.
References
Notonecta
Hemiptera of North America
Insects described in 1832
Elias Ahmed Ali (born 12 December 1997) is a Qatari professional footballer who plays as a left back.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
1997 births
Living people
Qatari footballers
Association football fullbacks
Al-Gharafa SC players
Al-Wakrah SC players
Qatar Stars League players
Lucio Salvatore (born May 3, 1975) is an Italian-born multidisciplinary Brazilian artist who works with sculpture, photography, text, painting, performance and appropriation of processes. Salvatore lives and works in Rio de Janeiro and in Sant'Elia Fiumerapido, Italy. Salvatore's artworks are situations created with heterogeneous elements, processes and people that work together in experimental form. Their work is seen as a critique of both centralized and decentralized powers and its abuses, social control and consumerism in its broadest declination, especially cultural.
Salvatore is known for their body of work 'Some Other Race', a unique series of conceptual artworks created with human blood that opens new perspectives on the way the nature of the work of art can be thought. Through parodies of scientific methods of classifications and categorizations, Salvatore looks at the common elements that precede rigid definitions of people's identities, the indiscernible nature of the fluid from where any difference comes from, as the artist declares in their interview with Brazilian journalist Jo Soares in 2010.
Biography
Salvatore was born in Cassino where they attended the Liceo Classico ‘G. Carducci'. They graduated in economics from Bocconi University in Milan (March 1998). During this time, they also attended philosophy courses at the University of Milan. They studied photography in New York City where they lived from 2002 to 2010 and fine arts at Escola de Artes Visuais Parque Lage in Rio de Janeiro, where Salvatore developed their roots as an artist.
Exhibitions
Museum of Modern Art, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Lucio Salvatore | Metaelementi (2017-2018)
Martha Pagy Gallery, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Lucio Salvatore | Controvalori (2018)
Palazzo Pamphilj, Galleria Cortona and Galleria Candido Portinari, Roma, Italy, Lucio Salvatore | Parque Lage (2017)
Centro Cultural Correios, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Lucio Salvatore | Arte Capital (2016)
Centro Cultural Correios, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Lucio Salvatore | Fragmento (2015)
Centro Cultural Correios, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Lucio Salvatore | Redução Espacial (2014)
Museu Brasileiro da Escultura, São Paulo, Brazil, Lucio Salvatore | Blood (2011)
Openhouse Gallery, New York, USA, Lucio Salvatore | Studio (2009)
Superstudio, Milano, Italy, Lucio Salvatore | Untitled (2008)
Jardim Botânico, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Lucio Salvatore | Untitled (2008)
References
Artists from Rio de Janeiro (city)
People from Cassino
Italian photographers
Italian male sculptors
1975 births
21st-century Brazilian sculptors
Brazilian photographers
Bocconi University alumni
Living people
Italian emigrants to Brazil
Italian expatriates in the United States
University of Milan alumni
21st-century Italian sculptors
21st-century Italian male artists
Nobody's Child is a 1919 British silent film directed by George Edwardes Hall from their own play The Whirlpool. The film was made by British and Colonial Film and ran for 5 reels. The cast included Jose Collins as Francesco Samarjo, Godfrey Tearle as Ernest d'Alvard, Ben Webster as Joseph Samarjo, Christine Maitland as Countess Akhea, J. Fisher White as Baron Troejfer, Saba Raleigh as Baroness d'Alvard.
References
1919 films
British silent feature films
British black-and-white films
Hérouard or Herouard is a surname, and refers to the following:
(b.1956), French bishop
(1833-1888), French politician
Chéri Hérouard (1881–1961), French illustrator
(1851-1927), French politician
Edgard Hérouard (1858–1932), French marine biologist
Jean Hérouard, French royal phyicisian and cocreator of the Ménagerie du Jardin des plantes
(1921-2004), French association football player
Thibouville-Herouard, former brand name of Cabart musical instruments
Patrick Herouard, French grand prix racer
Hérouard
The Rural Municipality of Golden West No. 95 (2016 population: ) is a rural municipality (RM) in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 1 and Division No. 1. It is located in the southeast portion of the province.
History
The RM of Golden West No. 95 incorporated as a rural municipality on December 13, 1909.
Government
Communities and localities
The following unincorporated communities are within the RM.
Organized hamlets
Corning
Localities
Gapview
Handsworth
The Ocean Man First Nation is also adjacent to the RM
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the RM of Golden West No. 95 had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the RM of Golden West No. 95 recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Economy
The RM's major industry is agriculture.
Government
The RM of Golden West No. 95 is governed by an elected municipal council and an appointed administrator that meets on the second Thursday of every month. The reeve of the RM is Kurt Corscadden while its administrator is Edward Mish. The RM's office is located in Corning.
Transportation
Saskatchewan Highway 47
Saskatchewan Highway 616
Saskatchewan Highway 701
Saskatchewan Highway 711
Canadian Pacific Railway (abandoned)
References
G
Division No. 1, Saskatchewan
Randolph County is a county located in the central section of U.S. state of Indiana, on its eastern border with Ohio. As of 2010, the population was 26,171. The county seat is Winchester.
History
The Indiana General Assembly authorized the formation of Randolph County from Wayne County in January 1818, to take effect in August 1818. The county was almost certainly named for Randolph County, North Carolina, where the area's first settlers came from. That county was named for Peyton Randolph, the first President of the Continental Congress under the Articles of Confederation.
Between 1820 and 1824, the county's territory extended to the Michigan boundary; consequently, the plat for the town of Fort Wayne (now a city) is recorded in Randolph County's Recorder's Office. Randolph County's population grew rapidly in the early years of the nineteenth century. It became known as a progressive community, with many residents coming from the mid-Atlantic and northern tier free states. Numerous members of the Society of Friends (Quakers) lived here, and they supported public education and abolitionism.
The county was the site of three settlements developed by free African Americans, and by 1845 there were about 500 people of color here. The most famous, the Greenville Settlement, in Greensfork Township, was in the southeast part of the county and straddled the state line, also partially in Darke County, Ohio. It was the site of the Union Literary Institute, founded in 1846 by Quakers and free people of color. It was primarily for black students of the area, but also accepted whites as one of the first racially integrated schools in the United States. Other predominately black settlements were Cabin Creek, about 10 miles southwest of Winchester, Indiana; and Snow Hill, between Winchester and Lynn, Indiana.
Given its settlement history, with many migrants from the northern tier, Randolph County was politically dominated by the Republican Party into the early twentieth century. Between 1858 and 1931, the county produced two Governors, one Congressman, one U. S. Senator, three Indiana Secretaries of State, and one State Superintendent of Public Instruction. The county's population growth slowed after 1880. Later in the 20th century, with industrialization and demographic changes, many of its residents aligned with the Democratic Party.
Randolph County answered the problem of rural decline in the early twentieth century by embracing much of the "Country Life Movement." The county consolidated its rural schools. This was done under the leadership of Lee L. Driver, a county native who became the nation's leading expert on rural school consolidation. Randolph County became the exemplar of the movement, and was the subject of many publications and visits from officials from as far away as Canada and China.
In the early 21st century, residents in Winchester, Union City, and Farmland have sought to revitalize Randolph County through a renewed focus on historic preservation, heritage tourism, and the arts. The county is included in the Ohio River National Freedom Corridor, as many refugees from slavery sought escape via crossing the Ohio River and using aid of residents at stops along the Underground Railroad, sometimes traveling further north and into Canada. In 2016 a state historical marker was installed at the site of the Union Literary Institute, to recognize its contributions to black and interracial education, and the cause of freedom.
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.79%) is land and (or 0.21%) is water.
Randolph County is the point of origin for the White River and Whitewater River.
Adjacent counties
Jay County (north)
Darke County, Ohio (east)
Wayne County (south)
Henry County (southwest)
Delaware County (west)
Transportation
U.S. Route 36
U.S. Route 35
U.S. Route 27
Indiana State Road 1
Indiana State Road 28
Indiana State Road 32
Indiana State Road 227
Cities and towns
Incorporated
Farmland
Losantville
Lynn
Modoc
Parker City
Ridgeville
Saratoga
Union City
Winchester
Unincorporated
Arba
Bartonia
Bloomingport
Buena Vista
Carlos
Crete
Deerfield
Fairview
Georgetown
Harrisville
Haysville Corner
Huntsville
Maxville
Mull
New Lisbon
New Pittsburg
Pinch
Randolph
Rural
Scott Corner
Shedville
Snow Hill
South Salem
Spartanburg
Stone
Unionport
Windsor
Townships
Franklin
Green
Greensfork
Jackson
Monroe
Stoney Creek
Union
Ward
Washington
Wayne
White River
Nettle Creek (Losantville) and West River (Modoc) Townships were combined to form Union Township.
Attractions
Winchester Speedway (one of the world's oldest and fastest high bank half mile tracks in the world) is located approximately 2 miles west of Winchester on State Road 32
Mrs. Wicks Pie Factory and Restaurant in Winchester
Silvertowne (one of the largest privately owned coin shops in the United States) is located in Winchester
Wilson Wines (local winery near Modoc with tours and special events)
McVey Memorial Forest (Located North of Farmland approximately 6 miles on State Road 1)
Farmers market during the summer on the Winchester Square
Local festivals and events
Mom, Baseball and Apple Pie Festival (Held in Winchester during August annually)
Labor Day Marathon Softball Tournament (Winchester city Park and draws teams from all over the United States to play softball and celebrate the last holiday of Summer. Winchester's population nearly doubles for this weekend)
Madi Gras held annually each fall in Winchester during October
Heritage Days held annually in the fall in Union City.
Airports
Randolph County Airport (newly expanded in 2010 and 2011)
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Winchester have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in September 1953. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected from county districts. The council members serve four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners. The commissioners are elected county-wide, in staggered terms, and each serves a four-year term. One of the commissioners, typically the most senior, serves as president. The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue, and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Randolph County is part of Indiana's 6th congressional district and is represented in Congress by Republican Greg Pence.
Randolph County is one of the most consistently Republican counties in the entire United States. Since 1888, the Republican candidate has only failed to carry the county in a presidential election twice. This occurred in 1912 thanks to the strong third party candidacy of Theodore Roosevelt, as well as 1964 where Barry Goldwater was seen as too conservative statewide & nationally in their landslide loss to Lyndon B. Johnson.
Education
Public schools in Randolph County are administered by the Union School Corporation, Randolph Central School Corporation, Randolph Eastern School Corporation, Randolph Southern School Corporation, and Monroe Central School Corporation.
High schools
Union High School (Modoc) - Modoc-Union School Corporation
Randolph Southern High School - Lynn-Randolph Southern School Corporation
Winchester Community High School - Winchester-Randolph Central School Corporation
Union City High School - Union City - Randolph Eastern School Corporation
Monroe Central High School - Parker City - Monroe Central School Corporation
Junior high/middle schools
Union Jr. High School
Randolph Southern Jr. High School
Driver Middle School-Winchester
West Side Middle School-Union City
Monroe Central Jr. High School
Elementary schools
Union Elementary School
Randolph Southern Elementary School
Deerfield Elementary School - Winchester
Baker Elementary School - Winchester
Williard Elementary School - Winchester
North Side Elementary School - Union City
Monroe Central Elementary School
Notable residents
Congressman Thomas M. Browne.
John R. Commons, nationally known economist.
Governor James P. Goodrich.
Governor Isaac P. Gray.
Wendell M. Stanley, Nobel Prize Winner in Chemistry.
Senator James E. Watson.
Robert Wise (1914–2005), Hollywood director, was born in Winchester.
Jim Jones (1931–1978), 1970s leader of the Peoples Temple and founder of Jonestown.
Rick Derringer of the group, The McCoys, who had the hit song, "Hang On Sloopy". They also did "Rock N Roll Hoochie Koo" and toured with the Ringo Starr, All-Star Band.
Randy Hobbs, also of the McCoys, one of the great bass guitarists in music history. They also played with Jimi Hendrix, and the Johnny and Edgar Winters Bands.
Fictional residents
The Marshalls of Land of the Lost once lived in Harrisville.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 26,171 people, 10,451 households, and 7,300 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 11,743 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.1% white, 0.4% black or African American, 0.3% American Indian, 0.2% Asian, 1.8% from other races, and 1.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 23.7% were German, 13.9% were Irish, 11.5% were American, and 11.4% were English.
Of the 10,451 households, 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.9% were married couples living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.2% were non-families, and 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.93. The median age was 40.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $45,543. Males had a median income of $37,528 versus $28,851 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,552. About 10.3% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.3% of those under age 18 and 8.7% of those age 65 or over.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Randolph County, Indiana
References
Indiana counties
1818 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1818
Kazaky is a Ukrainian synthpop dance boyband, made up of Kyryll Fedorenko, Artur Gaspar and Artemiy Lazarev. Assembled in Kyiv in 2010 by former original member Zhezhel, a skilled choreographer, the group has released two albums and several singles so far. In 2016 the group announced they were disbanding saying "It's time to create new interesting things" with the group members pursuing solo careers. In 2019, the group reformed with two new members Vlad Koval and Evgeny Goncharenko.
History
2010–11: Formation and Single releases
The band is originally made up of Kyryll Fedorenko, Artur Gaspar, Stas Pavlov and Oleg Zhezhel. The group's first single, "In the Middle", was released at the end of 2010, earning them the "Breakthrough of the Year" award at the 2010 Myway Dance Awards. The video features the four group members dancing in boy clothes at first, and then transitioning into a more androgynous look with their signature stiletto heels. It quickly went viral on YouTube. It was then followed by the video for their second single, "Love," shot in black & white, which furthered their online popularity. In June 2011, the group performed at the DSquared² Men Spring/Summer 2012 runway show. On 16 July 2011, they made their American debut at Club 57 in New York City, and performed their third single "I'm Just a Dancer" for the first time. In August 2011, original member Pavlov left the group and was replaced by Italian singer Francesco Borgato.
2012–13: Departure of Zhezhel, The Hills Chronicles and I Like It
With this new line-up, they released two more singles, called "Dance and Change" and "Last night" until they released the group's debut album The Hills Chronicles on October 22, 2012. In 2012, Kazaky are featured as cameo as background dancers in the Madonna music video "Girl Gone Wild". On February 26, 2013, Borgato announced their departure from the group to pursue a solo career. Former original member Stas Pavlov rejoined the group immediately after Borgato's departure, and they are featured in the group's new track and video, "Crazy Law", released on March 4, 2013. It will serve as the group's first single of their second studio album, titled I Like It, which is set to be released in two parts. The first part has been released on June 9, 2013, while the second part has been released on December 12, 2013. The follow-up singles were "Touch Me" and the promotional single "Doesn't Matter", both released in 2013. On December 12, 2013, founder Zhezhel announced on their official Facebook page that they won't perform with Kazaky anymore, leaving them as a trio, thus they added that they will continue to produce the group's music and choreographies. They stated they won't leave Kazaky.
2014–15: Second departure of Pavlov and Singles
In 2014, original member Pavlov left the band for a second time and was soon to be replaced by new member Artemiy Lazarev. In 2014, the follow-up singles "The Sun", "Magic Pie" and "Pulse", which music video has been shot by director Radislav Lukin, and the promotional single "Horizon" have been released. On September 29, 2014, Kazaky were featured in the song "Strange Moves" by The Hardkiss, to be released as a single with a music video. Zhezhel makes a special cameo appearance in "Strange Moves" alongside their former bandmates. In 2015, the final single from I Like It, titled "What You Gonna Do", has been released. In the same year, the group makes a dance sequence cameo in the video for Loreen's music video "Paper Light (Higher)". Their single "Milk-Choc" has been released in 2015 as the lead single from their upcoming third studio album.
2016: Disbanding and 2019: Return
In June 2016 the band announced they would be disbanding due to each member wanting to take different creative paths individually. Kazaky has stated that the band cannot exclude the idea of them not coming back together again to create something for the fans. The group has since been posting updates on their "Kazaky Official" Facebook page about their individual activities such as solo concerts and collaborations with other artists. But on June 24, 2019, finally after more than three years, Kazaky come back together posting a new video on YouTube of the song "Push" where appear two new member Vlad Koval and Evgeny Goncharenko. The band dedicated "Push" to the "entire LGBTQ community" that had supported them over the past nine years. The reason for the song is the CSD in Kyiv. Other singles were published in the same year as "Inside My Body", "Hands up" and "We Should Be Like No One Else".
Other endeavours
Fashion
Because of their daring and unusual fashion sense, the band has been featured on a number of high-profile publications, such as Attitude, Billboard, GQ, The Los Angeles Times, New York Post and The New York Times. After Anna Osmekhina created their fashion for the "Love" music video, Kazaky hired them to design their outfits and style their videos. However, the group has also received and worn fashion from DSquared² and Thierry Mugler. Their high-heeled shoes are all , and they are designed to allow them to dance comfortably for their stage performances. The group has a penchant for elaborate, decadent and very structural costumes, or alternatively very skimpy outfits meant to enhance the physicality of their performances.
Artistry
Music
Kazaky's sound draws on house, synthpop, electronica and dance. Their tracks feature monotone, loopy, manipulated vocals and dance-driven, layered beats with electronic bleeps and prominent bass lines.
Style
"Kazaky" is Ukrainian for "Cossacks". The Cossacks had a very prominent role in the shaping of Ukraine's national history and culture. However, the band claims that their name has nothing to do with the Cossacks, but that it is a derivative form of the Japanese word Kazaki, which they claim is a popular word in Japan.
All four members are trained dancers, and the group is famous for their elaborate, acrobatic and spectacular choreography routines, which feature perfectly synchronized and complex dancing moves executed on high heels. Artur Gaspar is especially known for their signature leg lift, which they often perform live and in videos. The group confronts gender norms by fusing masculine and feminine attributes together, most notably by regularly wearing stiletto heels in videos and live performances.
Members
Oleg won't perform with Kazaky anymore, but they will continue to produce the group's music and choreographies.
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
Singles (As featured artist)
Promotional Singles
Filmography
Music videos
Tours
The Pulse Tour (2014-2015)
See also
List of synthpop artists
Ukrainian culture
References
External links
kazaky.com, the group's official website
Discographies of Ukrainian artists
2010 establishments in Ukraine
House music groups
Musical groups established in 2010
Ukrainian synthpop groups
Ukrainian pop music groups
Musical groups disestablished in 2016
English-language singers from Ukraine
Musical groups reestablished in 2019
Oh Jeong-suk (오정숙, hanja: 吳貞淑; 21 June 1935 – 7 July 2008) was an ingan-munhwage for pansori. They were designated as an ingan-munhwage 1 May 1991. They specialized in Chunhyangga, which is the 5th Important Intangible Cultural Property of Korea.
Biography
Oh Jeong-suk was born in Wanju, Jeollabuk-do, Korea. They learned the basic pansori from their neighbors when they were young. One of their ancestors was master of pansori Oh Sam-ryong. They were a member of Wori Gugak Group from the age of 14 to 18. They concentrated on mastering pansori and performing at the age of 21, and then they moved to Seoul when they were 23 to learn special parts from Chunhyangga from Kim So-hee. In 1962, they apprenticed under the pansori master Kim Yeon-soo and started to learn Chunhyangga, Heungbuga, Sugungga, Jeokbyeokga, Simcheongga, which are all kinds of pansori. They died at the age of 73.
Career
1950 - 1963 Mastering the 5 songs of pansori from master Kim yeon-soo: Chunhyangga, Heungboga, Sugungga, Jeokbyeokga, Simchungga
1967 The 5th Important Intangible Cultural Heritage, Dongchoje Chunhyangga vocational scholarship
1972 Complete performance of Chunhyangga
1973 Complete performance of Heungboga
1974 Complete performance of Sugungga
1975 Complete performance of Simchungga
1976 Complete performance of Jeokbyeokga
1977 Joined the National Changguk Company of Korea
1980 Tour of North America
1981 Participation in Hong Kong Folk Festival
1984 Instructor of Gukak at Chung-Ang University College of Music
1985 Instructor of Gukak at Chu-gye Art University; participated in Festival of World Cultures Horizonte in Berlin; instructor of Gukak at Hanyang University College of Music
1986 Instructor of Gukak at Ihwa women's University College of Music; participated in the 4th International Peace Music Festival with Chunhyangjeon
1988 Instructor of Gukak at Seoul National University College of Music
1989 Joined the world tour at the European Folk Music Festival
1990 Attended concerts, Pan-national Reunification held in Pyongyang
1991 Designated ingan munhwajae
1999 Professor at Korea National University of Fine Arts
2002 Instructor of Ewha Womans University Graduate School
Awards
1972 First prize in performing Important Intangible Cultural Heritage
1975 First prize Jeonju Daesaseup for Pansori
1983 President's prize in the 1st South Cultural Property for pansori
1984 KBS Gukak Award
2000 Presidential medal
References
website for oh jeong-suk
Korean traditional musicians
Pansori
The Shreepali Basnet are originally from the Saipal, Far West Region who got their prominence in Gorkha district of Nepal. They mainly worship 'Masto' as their 'Kulayan' but saipali from Gorkha has changed their worship to "Sishakoti Mahadev", "Veerabhadra", "Mahakali" as their Kul Deuta and Aradhe Devi "Dakshinkali" as Istha deuta in style of Kunwar Rana. They became very powerful during the unification of Nepal and remained so until the emergence of Jung Bahadur Kunwar or later known as Jang Bahadur Rana.
The King's men
It is known that during the reign of King Prithivi Narayan Shah the Shreepali Basnyats of Gorkha were the leading military force. They were either highly ranked officers in the army or key figures in the king's court. King Prithvi Narayan Shah formed an alliance between the Basnyat and Pandey families of Gorkha in their quest for the unification of Nepal. Shivaram Singh Basnyat, the commander of Gorkhali forces belonged to Shreepali Basnyat clan. They were son of Jaya Ram Singh Basnyat.
Families strengthened
King Prithivi Narayan Shah is known to have arranged the marriage between General Kehar Singh Basnyat, son of General (Kazi) Shivaram Singh Basnyat and Chitra Devi, the daughter of General(Kaji) Kalu Pandey. Later, Chitra Devi constructed the Narayan temple in Timal Danda in honour of their Father-in-law Kaji Shivram Singh. Kehar Singh would go to Tibet to negotiate with its leaders to have Nepalese coins circulated there. They were a major military leader accredited with uniting the western districts and Kathmandu valley to Nepal. Kehar Singh would die at the battle of Satahun.
Kaji Abhiman Singh Basnyat, the third son of General (Kaji) Shivaram Singh Basnyat became the first Commander in Chief of a united Nepal after the death of General (Kaji) Kalu Pandey during the second attempt to capture Kirtipur. Their father Shivram Singh was the first military leader of Gorkha who laid down their life in the campaign of unification of Nepal in 1746 in Chhaling, (Naldum) near Bhaktapur. Abhiman's two elder brothers were Kaji Naahar Singh and Kaji Kehar Singh. Their youngest brother Kazi Dhaukal Simha Basnyat, who also became the governor of Kumaun, was the first owner of present Narayanhity Palace. Abhiman Singh died at the age of fifty-six in 1857 B.S. when they were sent to settle the area of Morang and Sunsari, then called Kaala Banzaar. It was seen as a great injustice for them to be sent to this area at their age when they were already a Mulkazi. They were reported to have suffered from fever, possibly malaria and died.
Recognition of the Basnyats
King Prithvi Narayan Shah has stressed the importance of the Basnyats in their poetic piece known as "Dibya Upadesh" or "Divine Counsel" in English. Here is a link to the translation of the "Dibya Upadesh" into English. This translation was done by Prawin Adhikari, from a transcription originally published by historian Baburam Acharya. Samudaya.org owns the copyrights to the article.
A quote from the Dibya Upadesh:
I said—"Now, I will make ties between the Pandeys and the Basnyats, so give your daughter to Sivaram Basnyat's son Keher Singh Basnyat," and the two houses were tied by marriage. Thus, after the conjugal tie, with the shields of the Pandes and the swords of the Basnyats I attacked Nepal.
Defenders of the throne
After the royal palace moved to Basantapur in Kathmandu, the Shreepali Basnyat's of Gorkha moved with the royal family, living close to the palace in Indra Chowk and Ason. In 1833 B. S. Kazi Abhiman Singh constructed a house for themselves in Ason, which is known as Maan Mandir and it still exists today as Tilanga Ghar. The Basnyats shared a great amount of power in the royal court alongside the Pandey's and Thapa's. This alliance continued until the reign of King Rana Bahadur Shah, when Prime Minister Bhimsen Thapa came into power. But then followed a power struggle between the Pandeys and the Thapa's. The Basnyat's sided with the Pandey's because of their earlier marital links with them back in Gorkha, ultimately removing the Thapa's from power.
References
Notes
Sources
Nepalese royalty
Nepalese Hindus
Voima may refer to:
Transport
Two Finnish icebreakers:
Voima (1924)
Voima (1952)
Publications
Voima (newspaper), a Finnish magazine
Nuori voima, a Finnish journal published by Nuoren Voiman Liitto
Pohjan Voima, the newspaper of the Lapua Movement
Companies
Imatran Voima a Finnish state-owned power company, now part of Fortum
Pohjolan Voima, a Finnish power company
Teollisuuden Voima, a Finnish power company
Others
Imatran Voima (band), a Finnish electro music duo
Voima (book), a fantasy fiction novel by C. Dale Brittain
União Recreativa dos Trabalhadores, commonly known as URT, is a Brazilian football club based in Patos de Minas, Minas Gerais state. They competed in the Copa do Brasil three times.
History
The club was founded on July 9, 1939. They won the Taça Minas Gerais in 1999, when they beat Democrata-GV in the final, and in 2000, when they defeated Ipatinga in the final. URT competed in the Copa do Brasil in 2000, when they were eliminated in the First Round by Fluminense, in 2001, when they were eliminated in the First Round by Mixto, and in 2006, when they were eliminated in the First Round by Londrina.
Current squad
As of 26 April 2016.
Achievements
Taça Minas Gerais:
Winners (2): 1999, 2000
Campeonato Mineiro Módulo II:
Winners: 2013
Stadium
União Recreativa dos Trabalhadores play their home games at Estádio Zama Maciel. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 2,800 people.
References
Association football clubs established in 1939
1939 establishments in Brazil
Barrack Street is one of two major cross-streets in the central business district of Perth, Western Australia, Australia.
Barrack Street may also refer to:
Streets
Barrack Street, Hobart, Tasmania, Australia
Barrack Street, the location of Elizabeth Fort in Cork, Ireland
Barrack Street, the location of The McManus: Dundee's Art Gallery and Museum in Dundee, Scotland
Barrack Street, a section of R328 road in Dunmore, Galway, Ireland
Other uses
Barrack Street, a greyhound in the 1969 English Greyhound Derby
See also
Barrack Street Bridge, Perth
Barrack Street Jetty, Perth
Barrack Square
Barrack (disambiguation)
"Brides of Frankenstein" is a medley of excerpts from various Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark (OMD) songs mixed with dance rhythms by Mike "Hitman" Wilson and Steve "Silk" Hurley.
It was released as a 12-inch single in 1988 in the United States and Canada. In 1991, both tracks were released as B-sides of the "Call My Name" CD single.
Track listing
All songs written by OMD.
12" single: A&M SP-12285 (US) / Virgin VSX 1461 (Canada)
A-side
"Brides of Frankenstein" (Mix) – 7:14
B-side
"Brides of Frankenstein" (Dub) – 6:18
Songs used in the mix
"Locomotion"
"Messages"
"Secret"
"So in Love"
"If You Leave"
"We Love You"
Charts
References
1988 singles
Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark songs
1988 songs
Virgin Records singles
A&M Records singles
This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Bertie County, North Carolina. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view an online map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.
Current listings
|}
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in North Carolina
List of National Historic Landmarks in North Carolina
References
Bertie County, North Carolina
Bertie County
Peraciezie Ward is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 1 of the Kohima Municipal Council.
Education
Educational Institutions in Peraciezie Ward:
G. Rio School
Rüzhükhrie Government Higher Secondary School
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 1
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
Glassford Peak, at above sea level is the third highest peak in the Boulder Mountains of Idaho. Located in the Hemingway–Boulders Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area and Custer County, Glassford Peak is about north of the Blaine County border. It is the 39th highest peak in Idaho.
The peak is most easily accessed from south of Idaho State Highway 75 between Stanley and Challis. However, it can also be accessed from State Highway 75 north of Ketchum.
References
Mountains of Idaho
Mountains of Custer County, Idaho
Sawtooth National Forest
The 2013–14 Minnesota Golden Gophers women's basketball team represented the University of Minnesota in the 2013-14 college basketball season. Led by 12th year head coach Pam Borton for the Golden Gophers, members of the Big Ten Conference, played their home games at Williams Arena in Minneapolis, Minnesota. They finished with a record of 22–13 overall, 8–8 in Big Ten play for a tie for sixth place. They lost in the quarterfinals in the 2014 Big Ten Conference women's basketball tournament to Nebraska. They were invited to the 2014 Women's National Invitation Tournament which they defeated Green Bay in the first round, SMU in the second round before losing to South Dakota State in the third round.
Roster
2013–14 schedule and results
|-
! colspan="9" style="text-align: center; background:#800000" | Exhibition
|-
! colspan="9" style="text-align: center; background:#800000"|Regular season
|-
! colspan="9" style="text-align: center; background:#800000"|Big Ten regular season
|-
! colspan="9" style="text-align: center; background:#800000"|2014 Big Ten Tournament
|-
! colspan="9" style="text-align: center; background:#800000"|2014 WNIT
Source
See also
2013–14 Minnesota Golden Gophers men's basketball team
References
Minnesota Golden Gophers women's basketball seasons
Minnesota
2014 Women's National Invitation Tournament participants
Minnesota Golden
Minnesota Golden
Harold (Hal) Slager is a member of the Indiana House of Representatives.  They are a CPA by profession. Slager was elected to the Indiana House in 2012. They previously served on the Schererville Town Council from 2003 to 2012. They were educated at Butler University. Slager is a Roman Catholic.
References
External links
Indian government bio of Slager
Living people
Members of the Indiana House of Representatives
Butler University alumni
Indiana Republicans
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Schererville, Indiana
21st-century American politicians
The giant weaver (Ploceus grandis) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae. It is endemic to São Tomé Island. It can climb trees and branches, rather like a treecreeper or sittella. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
External links
Giant weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
giant weaver
Endemic fauna of São Tomé Island
Endemic birds of São Tomé and Príncipe
giant weaver
giant weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Nirsa is a community development block that forms an administrative division in Dhanbad Sadar subdivision of Dhanbad district, Jharkhand state, India.
Overview
Dhanbad district forms a part of the Chota Nagpur Plateau, but it is more of an upland than a plateau. The district has two broad physical divisions – the southern part is a coal mining area with mining and industrial towns, and the northern part has villages scattered around hills. The landscape of the southern part is undulating and monotonous, with some scars of subsidence caused by underground mining. One of the many spurs of Parashnath Hills (1,365.50 m), located in neighbouring Giridih district, passes through the Topchanchi and Tundi areas of the district. The spur attains a height of 457.29 m but there is no peak as such. The Dhangi Hills (the highest peak 385.57 m) run from Pradhan Khunta to Gobindpur. While the main river Damodar flows along the southern boundary, its tributary, the Barakar, flows along the northern boundary. DVC has built two dams across the rivers. The Panchet Dam is across the Damodar and the Maithon Dam is across the Barakar.
Maoist activities
Jharkhand is one of the states affected by Maoist activities. , Dhanbad was one of the highly/moderately affected districts in the state., Dhanbad was not identified as a focus area by the state police to check Maoist activities. However, there were some isolated Maoist activities in the Dhanbad area.
Geography
Nirsa is located at .
Nirsa CD Block is bounded by Jamtara CD Block, in Jamtara district, on the north, Salanpur CD Block, in Paschim Bardhaman district in West Bengal, on the east, Neturia CD Block, in Purulia district in West Bengal, on the south and Baliapur, Govindpur and Purbi Tundi CD Blocks on the west.
Nirsa CD Block has a forest area of 2,528.97 hectares, covering 6.07% of the area of the CD Block.
Nirsa CD Block has an area of 431.96 km2. It has 68 gram panchayats and 119 villages. Nirsa and Chirkunda Police Stations serve this block. Headquarters of this CD Block is at Nirsa.
It is located 30 km from Dhanbad, the district headquarters.
Demographics
Population
As per the 2011 Census of India Nirsa CD Block had a total population of 381,105, of which 261,893 were rural and 119,212 were urban. There were 197,591 (52%) males and 183,514 (48%) females. Population below 6 years was 54,481. Scheduled Castes numbered 64,573 (16.94%) and Scheduled Tribes numbered 61,350 (16.10%).
Nirsa CD Block has several census towns (2011 population figure in brackets): Bhamal (4,818), Panrra (9,563), Nirsa (14,794), Marma (4,640), Egarkunr (11,829), Siuliban (24,125), Mera (7,051), Maithon (18,830), Panchmahali (4,832), Dumarkunda (11,434) and Panchet (7,296).
Large villages (with 4,000+ population) in Nirsa CD Block are (2011 census figures in brackets): Kapsara (4,138), Brindabanpur (4,345), Gopinathpur (4,369) and Mugma (4,277).
Literacy
census the total number of literates in Nirsa CD Block was 225,102 (68.92% of the population over 6 years) out of which males numbered 135,442 (71.93% of the male population over 6 years) and females numbered 89,660 (57.05% of the female population over 6 years). The gender disparity (the difference between female and male literacy rates) was 22.89%.
census, literacy in Dhanbad district was 74.52%. Literacy in Jharkhand was 66.41% in 2011. Literacy in India in 2011 was 74.04%.
See also – List of Jharkhand districts ranked by literacy rate
Language
Hindi is the official language in Jharkhand and Urdu has been declared as an additional official language. Jharkhand legislature had passed a bill according the status of a second official language to several languages in 2011 but the same was turned down by the Governor.
In the 2011 census, Hindi was the mother-tongue (languages mentioned under Schedule 8 of the Constitution of India) of 62.5% of the population in Dhanbad district, followed by Bengali (19.3%) and Urdu (8.1%). The scheduled tribes constituted 8.4% of the total population of the district. Amongst the scheduled tribes those speaking Santali formed 77.2% of the ST population. Other tribes found in good numbers were: Munda, Mahli and Kora.
Economy
Livelihood
In Nirsa CD Block in 2011, amongst the class of total workers, cultivators numbered 23,423 and formed 17.90%, agricultural labourers numbered 26,413 and formed 20.19%, household industry workers numbered 3,440 and formed 2.63% and other workers numbered 77,577 and formed 59.29%.
Note: In the census records a person is considered a cultivator, if the person is engaged in cultivation/ supervision of land owned. When a person who works on another person's land for wages in cash or kind or share, is regarded as an agricultural labourer. Household industry is defined as an industry conducted by one or more members of the family within the household or village, and one that does not qualify for registration as a factory under the Factories Act. Other workers are persons engaged in some economic activity other than cultivators, agricultural labourers and household workers. It includes factory, mining, plantation, transport and office workers, those engaged in business and commerce, teachers and entertainment artistes.
Infrastructure
There are 221 inhabited villages in Nirsa CD Block. In 2011, 214 villages had power supply. 48 villages had tap water (treated/ untreated), all villages had well water (covered/ uncovered), 203 villages had hand pumps, and all villages had drinking water facility. 18 villages had post offices, 30 villages had subbed post offices, 27 villages had telephones (land lines), 65 villages had public call offices and 133 villages had mobile phone coverage. 219 villages had pucca (paved) village roads, 34 villages had bus service (public/ private), 7 villages had railway stations, 58 villages had autos/ modified autos, and 95 villages had tractors. 12 villages had bank branches, 6 villages had agricultural credit societies, no village had cinema/ video hall, no village had public library and public reading rooms. 142 villages had public distribution system, 6 villages had weekly haat (market) and 168 villages had assembly polling stations.
Coal
Jharia coalfield is the richest treasure house of metallurgical coal in India. A portion of the Chanch/Victoria Area of BCCL and the Mugma/Nirsa Area of ECL are located in the Nirsa CD Block.
The following collieries function under the Chanch/Victoria Area: Dahibari and Dumagaria.
The Chanch Victoria area is the lone area of BCCL located in West Bengal and partly in Jharkhand. The Barakar flows through the area.
The following collieries of Mugma field function under the Mugma Area of Eastern Coalfields: Chapapur II, Badjna, Nirsa, Mandman, Kapasara, Lakhimata, Kumardhubi, Gopinathpur, Khudia Open Cast, Khudia Underground, Shyampur A, Shyampur B, Hariyajam, Rajpura OCP and Barmuri OCP.
Industry
The area has numerous hard coke plants.
Agriculture
Dhanbad district has infertile laterite soil, having a general tendency towards continuous deterioration. The soil can be classified in two broad categories – red sandy soil and red and yellow soil. There are patches of alluvium along the river banks. Limited water resources constitute a major constraint for cultivation. Paddy is the main crop. The soils for rice cultivation fall into three categories – baad, kanali and bahal. Aghani, is the main winter crop, consisting primarily of winter rice. Bhadai is the autumn crop. Apart from paddy, less important grain crops such as marua and maize are grown. The Rabi crop includes such cold weather crops as wheat, barley, oats, gram and pulses.
Backward Regions Grant Fund
Dhanbad district is listed as a backward region and receives financial support from the Backward Regions Grant Fund. The fund, created by the Government of India, is designed to redress regional imbalances in development. As of 2012, 272 districts across the country were listed under this scheme. The list includes 21 districts of Jharkhand.
Transport
The Asansol-Gaya section, a part of the Grand Chord, Howrah-Gaya-Delhi line and Howrah-Allahabad-Mumbai line, passes through this block. There are stations at Mugma and Kumardhubi on this line.
NH 19 (old no. NH 2)/ Grand Trunk Road passes through this block.
Education
In 2011, amongst the 221 inhabited villages in Nirsa CD Block, 17 villages had no primary schools, 153 villages had one primary school and 51 villages had more than one primary school. 82 villages had at least one primary school and one middle school. 19 villages had at least one middle school and one secondary school.
Healthcare
In 2013, Nirsa CD Block had 1 block primary health centre, 8 primary health centres, 4 medical units of Central Government/ Central PSU and 18 private nursing homes with total 54 beds and 11 doctors (excluding private bodies). 4,364 patients were treated indoor and 60,104 patients were treated outdoor in the hospitals, health centres and subcentres of the CD Block.
In 2011, amongst the 221 inhabited villages in Nirsa CD Block, 13 villages had primary health centres, 26 villages had primary health sub-centres, 4 villages had maternity and child welfare centres, 6 villages had a TB Clinic, 9 villages had allopathic hospitals, 9 villages had alternative medicine hospitals, 12 villages had dispensaries, 6 villages had veterinary hospitals, 17 villages had medicine shops and 160 villages had no medical facilities.
External links
References
Community development blocks in Dhanbad district
Mining communities in Jharkhand
WebUSB is a JavaScript application programming interface (API) specification for securely providing access to USB devices from web pages.
It was published by the Web Platform Incubator Community Group. As of July 2021, it is in Draft Community status, and is supported by Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, QQ, Opera, and Samsung Internet.
Introduction
A Universal Serial Bus, or a USB is an industry standard communication protocol used to communicate data across connectors, and cables from computers to peripheral devices and/or other computers. WebUSB is a set of API calls that enable access to these hardware devices from web pages. WebUSB is developed by the World Wide Web Consortium(W3C). The webUSB API provides a safe, and developer familiar means of communication to edges devices from web pages. The webUSB API integrates into existing USB libraries and shortens the development cycle for integrating new devices into the web environment by not needing to wait for browser support for these devices.
Early versions of webUSB came out around as an alternative to Flash, Chrome Serial, and other custom approaches to connecting browsers to hardware. WebUSB aims to solve the four goals of any interface being; fast to make, cross platform, look good, accessibility.
Application to Internet of Things(IoT) Architecture
WebUSB API's are able to bridge hardware protocols to internet protocols, enabling the creating of uniform gateways linking edge devices to a centralised network.
The explosion in computing ability over the last few decades has led to an increase in edge devices. Devices such as lights, thermometers, HVAC, motors are increasingly integrated into centralised internet control servers. These devices have evolved from isolated and previously non-integrated development environments. Consequently, they lack the uniform and consistent communication protocol necessary to develop robust networks. The WebUSB's API framework standardises disparate protocols and is able to expose non-standard Universal Serial Bus (USB) compatible devices to the web.
The WebUSB looks to sit between the perception layer and the network layer. The main goals of software in this gateway are; Scalability, Cost and reliability. The cloud based deployment of webUSB libraries enables it to cover scalability, its low overhead deployment significantly lowers cost, and It's continual in use development over its lifetime has enabled the framework to attain a high degree of reliability.
WebUSB has formed a cornerstone of the BIPES (Block based Integrated Platform for Embedded Systems) architecture framework. This systems architecture model aims to reduce complexity of IoT systems development by aggregating relevant software into 'Blocks' that are complete units of code and can be deployed to an edge device from a centralised cloud infrastructure. As already mentioned the role of webUSB is critically tied to its ability to communicate to embedded software through the USB communication protocol. Once the information is inside webUSB's javascript environment it can be transposed and communicated through a variety of software protocols. In this particular architecture model webUSB bridges the gap between embedded software, and the web browser. The web browser then communicates to the cloud environment using uniform webUSB constructed data.
Security Considerations
WebUSB provides a web page access to a connector to an edge device. The exposure of any device to the internet carries inherent risks and security concerns. By product of design USB ports are designed to trust the device they are connected to. Connecting such a port to an internet facing application introduced a new set of security risks and massively expanding the attack surface for would be malicious actors.
For instance a malicious host web page could request data from a peripheral device, which the device would happily fulfil thinking it was communicating through a standard USB connector. To mitigate this type of attack webUSB developed a requestDevice() function call. This would notify the user that the site was requesting access to the edge device. This is similar to the access requests browser control for when a web page would like to access the inbuilt camera or microphone. Depending on the wariness of the user this protocol can be enough to prevent certain attacks. A second protocol that was developed is the specification of a request originating from a secure context. This ensures that both the code to be executed and the data returned is not intercepted or modified in transit. This security is implemented through the claimInterface() function. This is a OS supported function, and ensures that only a single execution instance can have user space or kernel space driver access to the device, preventing malicious code on a web page from opening a second channel of communication to the device. Other security considerations included created a public registry of approved connections, but this idea was ultimately scrapped as it required vendors to develop devices with webUSB in mind.
The threat surface of a USB however is bi-directional and a malicious peripheral device could attack the host. An infected edge device cannot easily be mitigated by webUSB API's. In many device configurations trusted USB ports are used to deliver firmware upgrades and a malicious edge device could grant attackers persistence in a system.
In light of the security concerns posed by webUSB, it is only supported by an estimated 76% of browsers. Also notably is that support for webUSB at a browser level has been volatile over time, with stretches of time where certain browsers turned off access after the discovery of particular security threats. It is these security concerns that have plagued alternatives to webUSB. Particularly Flash and Google Serial failed to take off because they were unable to be used with adequate answers to these fundamental security risks.
Use in Multi-factor Authentication
The ability to own and verify a digital identity on the internet is critical to interaction with internet facing infrastructure. WebUSB in combination with special purpose devices and public identification registries can be used as key piece in an infrastructure scale solution to digital identity on the internet. WebUSB API library is able to standardise the connection of peripheral devices to web pages. The security investment in webUSB makes it a suitable software component in connecting identifiable devices to the internet. Recent research has shown the fallibility of SMS based authentication highlighting how key pieces of the infrastructure can be subverted. Alternative proposals for securing a digital identity involve the use of biometric sensors and/or personal identifiers. However, while these are good at identifying an individual, it is only through webUSB that they can adequately be integrated into the existing internet tech stack. Cryptographically secure solutions for personal identification exist with support from government and specialised hardware. However, these solutions lack generalised specification for web based infrastructure and are generally hard to support. Gateway support for such a communication protocol can be supported by software middlemen, such as webUSB.
A model system for multi-factor authentication uses webUSB in tandem with an identifying hardware such as an ID card built to ISO/IEC 7810:2003 ID-1 standards. This card would constitute a physical representation of an individuals identity. WebUSB would then act as a middle man in facilitating the transfer of data stored on the hardware to a given web server. The number card would be digitally signed by an authorised party and would digitally connect to a server. This connection would require a device capable of reading ISO/IEC 14443 type B connections. In order to make this digital connection valid, webUSB would serve as software connector.
Usage
WebUSB will only work on supported browsers, for example Chrome. Due to privacy and security concerns it will also only work in a secure context i.e.; over HTTPS, and can only be called through a user actions.
For instance in order to instantiate a connection navigator.usb.requestDevice() can only be called through user gesture, such as touch or mouse click.
Similarly protection from webUSB can be provided using a feature policy. For instance would prevent webUSB from running.
To get access to devices visible to the browser two options are available. navigator.usb.requestDevice() will prompt the user to select which USB access is to be given, or navigator.usb.getDevices() will return a list of USB's the origin has access to.
To better search for devices, web USB has a number of filtering options. These filters are passed into navigator.usb.requestDevice() as a javascript filtering object. These filters are; vendorId,productId,classCode, protocolCode, serialNumber, and subclassCode.
For example, imagine connecting to a Arduino device, this could be done in the following way. Where is Arduino in the list of USB ID's
The USB device descriptor returned from the above snippet will contain all important information about the device such as; version, packet size, configuration options etc.
The alternative call to navigator.usb.getDevices() will instead look like this;
In order to talk to the device there are a few important function calls to run through. device.open() will run through all the required steps of setting up the device, device.selectConfiguration() sets up the configuration, importantly how it is powered, and the number of interfaces. It is then important to claim the interface. This can be done through the device.claimInterface function call. This will simulate a real wired connection and ensure that this web page is the only one able to read and write to the device until the connection is released. Finally the call device.controlTransferOut() will set up the device to communicate through the WebUSB Serial API. Once the set up is all done, data can be transferred to the device using device.transferIn() to transfer bulk data to the device, similarly its sister function device.transferOut() to read data from the device.
Interfaces
In order to generalise interaction with hardware devices webUSB supports a number of interfaces than abstract away the specific hardware functionality.
References
External links
WebUSB API - Draft Community Group Report, 7 July 2020
Application programming interfaces
USB
Web programming
Web development
Web standards
The 2010–11 Mauritanian Premier League was the 35th season of the Mauritanian Premier League, the top-level football championship of Mauritania. It began on 24 December 2010 and concluded on 18 June 2011 . CF Cansado are the defending champions.
Teams
In comparison to the 2010 season, league size was decreased from twelve to nine teams due to unknown reasons.
Dar El Naim and Dar El Barka were relegated to the second-level league after finishing the 2010 season at the bottom of the table. They were replaced by second-level champions ASC Police and ASC Imraguens.
List of participating teams
ASAC Concorde (Nouakchott)
ASC El Ahmedi (Nouakchott)
ASC Imraguens
ASC Kédia (Zouérate)
ACS Ksar (Nouakchott)
ASC Police
ASC Tevragh-Zeïna
CF Cansado (Nouadhibou)
FC Nouadhibou ASJN (Nouadhibou)
League table
References
External links
RSSSF competition history
Mauritanian Premier League @ FIFA website
Maur
2010 in Mauritanian sport
2011 in Mauritanian sport
2011
Trigalloyl glucose may refer to:
1,2,3-Trigalloyl glucose (1,2,3-trigalloyl glucopyranoside)
1,2,6-Trigalloyl-glucose
1,3,6-Trigalloyl glucose
Trigalloyl glucoses can be found in oaks species like the North American white oak (Quercus alba) and European red oak (Quercus robur).
References
The Waackaack Rear Range Light was built in 1856 off the shore of Keansburg, in Monmouth county, New Jersey, United States. It stood about tall. Although it stood near the water's edge, it was the rear range light in conjunction with the Point Comfort Light on the beach. The light's main purpose was to guide vessels coming into the Raritan Bay. It was initially made of wood, but was replaced in the 1860s by an iron tower.
History
In 1883 a high-powered electric lamp was installed that was magnified by a glass lens. Preparations were made to replace the light-tower beginning in 1891. The tower built for use at the Waackaack Rear Range Light Station was part of the United States Lighthouse Board's exhibit at the World's Columbian Exposition held in Chicago in 1893. This lighthouse was built of iron rings, and as the site for the lighthouse was not ready for its erection at the time the light tower was completed, it became possible for the lighthouse to become an exhibit at the Exposition.
When the Borough of Keansburg officially incorporated as a Borough in 1917, it adopted the outline of the Waackaack Range Light as its seal. By the end of the 1950s the lighthouse was dismantled and sold for scrap.
References
Lighthouses completed in 1856
Lighthouses completed in 1894
Lighthouses in New Jersey
1856 establishments in New Jersey
Transportation buildings and structures in Monmouth County, New Jersey
The Ladon Lake ( Techniti Limni Ladona) or the Ladon Reservoir is an artificial lake in the upper part of the river Ladon, in the northwestern part of Arcadia, Greece. The 50 m high dam was built in 1955. The reservoir is situated in a sparsely populated, mountainous area. It is completely in the municipality Gortynia, municipal units Kleitor, Kontovazaina and Tropaia.
See also
List of lakes in Greece
List of reservoirs
References
External links
Ladon Lake on GTP Travel Pages (in English and Greek)
Landforms of Arcadia, Peloponnese
Lakes of Greece
Reservoirs in Greece
Landforms of Peloponnese (region)
Struan is a small village in Perthshire in Scotland. The name derives from the Gaelic for 'Little Stream'. It is 8 km west of Blair Atholl.
It is near the confluence of the River Garry and the Errochty Water, and just south of Calvine.
References
Villages in Perth and Kinross
Björn Lennart Runge (born 21 June 1961) is a Swedish director and author. They were nominated for The Nordic Council Film Prize in 2006 for Mun mot mun.
Runge was born in Lysekil. They have worked in film since they were 20, and has worked with Roy Andersson, amongst others. They graduated from the Dramatiska Institutet in Stockholm in 1989.
In 1991, they worked on the prizewinning short film Greger Olsson köper en bil, and in 2004, they won a Guldbagge Award for the best directing and script for the film Om jag vänder mig om. The film also won a Blue Angel at the Berlin Film Festival in the same year.
In 2006, they were nominated for The Nordic Council Film Prize for Mun mot mun with the producer Clas Gunnarson. The film deals with a family in crisis when their daughter, Vera, comes home with Morgan, an old criminal. Them father, Mats, fights desperately to win their daughter back.
Runge has directed a number of short films and TV productions.
In 2017, Runge directed the drama film, The Wife starring Glenn Close, Jonathan Pryce, Christian Slater, Annie Starke and Max Irons. For this role, Close won a Golden Globe, a SAG Award, and the Santa Barbara Int Film festival award for Best Leading Actress in 2018, among others.
In June 2019, Runge was awarded H.M the King's Medal 8th size for "significant contributions as a director and dramatist".
Filmography
Festen, co-directed Lena Koppel 1984
Skymningsjägare 1985
Steward Gustafssons julafton 1985
Brasiliens röda kaffebär 1986
Intill den nya världens kust 1987
Maskinen 1988
Mördaren 1989
Vinden 1989
Vart skall jag fly för ditt ansikte, co-director Jimmy Karlsson 1989
Morgonen 1990
Greger Olsson köper en bil 1990
Ögonblickets barn 1991
En dag på stranden 1994
Sverige in Memorian, co-director Lena Dahlberg 1994
Harry & Sonja 1996
Vulkanmannen 1997
Raymond 1999
Anderssons älskarinna (TV series) 2001
Om jag vänder mig om (Daybreak) 2003
Mun mot mun 2005
Happy End 2011
The Wife 2017
External links
1961 births
Living people
People from Lysekil Municipality
Swedish film directors
Best Director Guldbagge Award winners
Best Screenplay Guldbagge Award winners
Dramatiska Institutet alumni
EuroChem Group AG is a Swiss fertilizer producer. It is a fertilizer manufacturer with its own capacity in all three primary nutrients – nitrogen, phosphates and potash. It is headquartered in Zug, Switzerland.
It manufactures and markets agricultural chemicals. It produces nitrogen, phosphate, and NPK fertilizers, as well as offers feed phosphates, industrial acids, and mineral raw materials. It serves customers worldwide.
EuroChem Group has manufacturing, logistic and distributing facilities in Russia, Belgium, Lithuania, Brazil, China, Kazakhstan, Estonia, Germany and the USA.
EuroChem Group has a Russian subsidiary JSC MCC EuroChem.
It has mining activities in Kovdor, Murmansk Oblast, Russia, Usolye, Perm Krai, Russia, Kotelnikovo, Volgograd Oblast, Russia.
According to the company, it is one of the world's top-5 leading producers of nitrogen, phosphate, potash and complex fertilizers. In 2021, EuroChem had sales revenues of US$10,2bn, of which nitrogen US$3.5bn, phosphate US$3.8bn and potash US$1bn.
Assets
EuroChem produces nitrogen, phosphate and potash fertilizers, as well as complex fertilizers, iron ore and other industrial products.
It is a company with most production assets in Russia, which moved its headquarters to Zug, Switzerland, in 2015 "to be located in a neutral country to attract capital and talent, and grow globally". It operates production facilities in Russia and Europe (Belgium, Lithuania) and employs more than 27,000 employees globally.
Nitrogen assets
Novomoskovskiy Azot (nitrogen fertilizers, urea)
Nevinnomysskiy Azot (nitrogen and compound fertilizers, ammonia, industrial gases, organic synthesis products)
EuroChem North-West (ammonia)
EuroChem Antwerpen (nitric acid plants, NPK and AN/CAN units, nitrophosphoric acid plant)
EuroChem Migao (potassium nitrate and complex fertilizers)
Phosphates assets
Lifosa (phosphate fertilizers, premium-quality commercial DAP and feed phosphates)
Phosphorit (phosphate fertilizers and feed phosphates)
EuroChem-BMU (phosphate and compound fertilizers)
Potash assets
EuroChem-VolgaKaliy - Gremyachinskoe deposit, Volgograd region (potash)
EuroChem-Usolskiy Potash Complex - Verkhnekamskoe Deposit, Perm region (potash)
Ownership
EuroChem's founder Andrey Melnichenko beneficially held 90% of EuroChem Group AG shares until 9 March 2022, when they resigned as Non-Executive Director of the Board of Directors, and withdrew as the main beneficiary “to ensure EuroChem is able to continue providing millions of people around the world with nutrients for agriculture, helping to underpin global food security”. The resignation came on the same day Melnichenko was included in a European Union sanctions list, a move they claimed was "absurd and nonsensical" and had "no justification". Following their resignation and withdrawal as beneficiary of EuroChem, Melnichenko beneficially controlled 0% of its shares.
History
Eurochem bought its first potash mining license in 2005, to develop Gremyachinskoe deposit, located near the town of Kotelnikovo, southwest of Volgograd. It followed up with the purchase of another license area a few years later - the Verkhnekamskoe deposit near Berezniki, Russia's potash stronghold, in 2008. Usolskiy Potash Project produced 2.223 MMT of potash in 2020.
In Kazakhstan, the company started mining phosphate rock from its Kok-Jon mine in the southeast of the country. Eurochem bought out the Kazakh government's stake in Sary-Tas, a Soviet-era fertilizer plant near Karatau, in the south of the country. The company also produces iron ore from its Kovdorsky mine near Murmansk, which is "byproduct", with the majority of the output bought by Chinese buyers.
According to Bloomberg, "the acquisition of a BASF SE plant in Antwerp by EuroChem for 830 million euros ($930 million) brought in new technologies" for the company. BASF sold its fertilizers activities in Antwerp, Belgium, to EuroChem on March 31, 2012. In July 2012, EuroChem completed the acquisition of K+S Nitrogen, a company marketing nitrogenous fertilizers with a focus on major customers in agriculture and special crops such as fruits, vegetables and grapes.
In 2013, EuroChem established a joint venture with Chinese fertiliser producer Migao in order to increase its presence in Asia, producing potassium nitrate and chloride-free complex fertilizers.
EuroChem's US$1 billion ammonia plant, EuroChem Northwest, in Kingisepp, Russia, launched in June 2019, has a production capacity of 1 million tonnes (1MMT) per year, ensuring EuroChem's full self-sufficiency in ammonia. The company approved the construction of EuroChem Northwest 2, a new 1.1 MMT ammonia and 1.4 MMT urea plant, on an adjacent site in Kingisepp, Russia.
In August 2021, EuroChem scored a deal of $410 million with Norvegian chemical company Yara International to take on the Serra do Salitre phosphate project with 350 million tonnes of deposits in Minas Gerais state in the South-West of Brazil. By August 2021, the project is by half ready to be placed under production by 2023.
In December 2021, EuroChem announced the purchase of 51,48% of shares of Brazilian distributor Fertilizantes Heringer S.A. for about 94 mln dollars, meanwhile waiting for the approvement from local Antimonopoly commission.
According to Bloomberg, the company has closed water or steam recycling at its facilities. It uses a technology which limits the water vapour release and enables byproduct heat to warm its fertilizers.
Health and safety issues
Chemical spillage
In 2010 EuroChem began constructing a bulk port terminal in Tuapse in the south of Russia. The local environmental organisations accused EuroChem of federal law violation since the construction was taking place in a residential zone. In March 2010, there were reports of a spillage of chemicals at EuroChem's Tuapse terminal while EuroChem was testing the loading of chemical fertilizers onto a tanker. The spillage was later blamed by ecologists for the death of four dolphins at Sochi. Local residents reported a substantial deterioration of air quality claiming that this resulted from the emission at the EuroChem terminal. The local resident's concerns soon led to protests in May 2010 of around 3,000 people against EuroChem. EuroChem denied the company bore any responsibility for the alleged deterioration of air quality in the city. In spite of the denials, EuroChem CEO Dmitri Sterzhnev admitted at a press conference following the protests, that during the test drive of the terminal, the company had in fact violated administrative law and had paid a fine as a result. In June 2011 information about the protests reached Medvedev, who was president at the time and they personally ordered to postpone the launch of Eurochem's terminal in Tuapse.
A series of lawsuits was brought by environmental organizations as well as by local residents in district and regional courts. Ultimately the Krasnodar regional court, supported by an expert from the regional unit of Rospotrebnadzor, the state environmental watchdog, ruled in August 2011 that the construction was lawful. The construction of the terminal has now been completed and the port is operating.
Baltic sea
According to preliminary Finnish research there is a phosphorus leak in the Luga River in the volume of 1,000 tonnes annually. It may be from the gypsum waste piles of the EuroChem factory near Kingisepp, although EuroChem has denied this. In April 2012, Russian officials arrested environmental expert Seppo Knuuttila, who had been working on behalf of the Finnish Environment Institute and HELCOM. They were interrogated for a total of fourteen hours by the officials, who demanded to have their computer at customs. Mr. Knuuttila was examining Luga river phosphate content, as agreed.
The findings of an investigation by HELCOM, the international ecological association, found Phosphorit in all likelihood responsible for the pollution. Specifically HELCOM accused EuroChem of improperly monitoring phosphorus runoff from its Phosphorit facility, an issue that was also discussed in the Finnish press in January 2012. The Finnish-Russia cooperation on reducing phosphorus in the Baltic Sea is ongoing indicating the ecological problem is still present.
In June 2012, EuroChem and the John Nurminen Foundation agreed to jointly appoint an independent organization to assess the effectiveness and sustainability of the surface water run-off treatment system which was constructed at the Phosphorit factory in March 2012. The system was constructed to purify phosphorus containing surface water run-off, originating in the area adjacent to the factory. In July 2013, the John Nurminen Foundation and EuroChem jointly appointed Atkins, a design, engineering and project management consultancies, to assess a surface run-off treatment system near the Phosphorit fertilizer facility and to conduct monitoring of the Luga River. Atkins will also monitor phosphorus concentrations in the Luga River upstream and downstream of the factory for one year, and calculate river phosphorus loads to the Baltic Sea.
After having become concerned about the condition of the Baltic Sea in 2004, the Board of the John Nurminen Foundation consulted leading experts on the marine environment to find out if the Foundation could play a concrete role in protecting the Baltic Sea. According to the experts, the fastest and most cost-efficient method of improving the condition of the Baltic Sea would be to intervene in the operation of wastewater treatment plants located in its catchment area by intensifying their phosphorus removal. The three largest wastewater treatment plants in St. Petersburg were chosen as the first target. By making their phosphorus removal more effective, the Gulf of Finland's phosphorus load usable for algae can be reduced by almost 27%. According to the Finnish Environment Institute, this is the quickest and most cost-effective way to improve the open sea condition of the Gulf of Finland, when comparing all possible water protection measures in Finland and Russia. The measure will visibly reduce the algae growth in the Gulf of Finland after just a few years, provided that the other surrounding circumstances do not change considerably.
Worker facilities
In May 2009 a warehouse for mineral fertilizer at the Tuapse Buker Terminal partially collapsed killing two contractors present. An investigation into the accident was launched by regional authorities.
Fires
In July 2012, two fires took place at the EuroChem's Nevinnomysski Azot, which is based in the Stavropol region in South-West Russia and primarily produces nitrogen-based fertilizers. According to Russian media no toxic emissions or injuries emanated from the fires.
Financing
In April 2013 the Russian newspaper Vedomosti reported that EuroChem was looking to take a loan of US$700 million to finance its current development projects. In August 2013, EuroChem announced that it has signed a new debut US$1,3 billion unsecured loan facility on a club basis. The proceeds were used to pay down the outstanding amount under EuroChem's 2011 US$1.3 billion pre-export facility.
S&P Global Market Intelligence (formerly SNL Financial) reported in 2015 that "the company has managed to tap investors in recent years, including a US$750 million project finance facility, a US$1.3 billion syndicated loan and a US$750 million Eurobond issue". According to Olivier Harvey, then-head of investor relations at the company, "despite the whopping US$7 billion price tag for both potash projects, much of the outlay can be funded over time by Eurochem's free cash flows", while "the devaluation of the Russian ruble was delivering huge cost savings to the company's CapEx program."
According to Fitch, in 2016, Eurochem "signed an agreement for a perpetual shareholder loan of up to USD1 billion" noting that its "diversification into all three nutrients (nitrogen, phosphate and potash), vertical integration and strong cost position support a business profile commensurate with an investment grade rating" and that its scale "is on a par with that of large fertiliser peers" such as CF Industries et al.
In February 2017, Andrey Melnichenko revealed that EuroChem was not planning an IPO in the next few years as the company "has sufficient funds to independently finance its investment program".
In June 2018, Moody's assessed that it "positively notes that EuroChem has a contractual loan agreement with its majority shareholder, which allows it to attract up to $1 billion of a perpetual zero-interest loan to support its liquidity." It noted that, according to its rationale, EuroChem's strengths included:
the company's strong business profile, underpinned by its large scale of operations, diversified product mix, and established positions in the global and regional fertilizer markets;
sustainable cost competitiveness, which supports relatively high margins, additionally helped by the weakness of the rouble;
potential for deleveraging; and
proved access to long-term external funding, including a shareholder loan facility, which support liquidity.
Litigation
Shaft Sinkers
In 2012, Eurochem filed suit against Shaft Sinkers, the London-listed South African mining engineering company that had been contracted to construct the shafts at the EuroChem-VolgaKaliy potash site. Soon after starting work on the cage shaft, things started to go wrong; the grouting technology that Shaft Sinkers used failed, and the shaft later suffered water inflow. According to EuroChem's Clark Bailey, the failure and the flooding of the shaft that led to the lawsuit delayed completion at Volgakaliy project by more than two years.
In 2015, EuroChem-VolgaKaliy won in the Swiss Arbitration Court, which awarded EuroChem-VolgaKaliy around $140m in damages and legal costs. In 2016, EuroChem settled US$1 billion suit against Shaft Sinkers over potash shaft failure. Shaft Sinkers was later declared insolvent, and its listing on the London Stock Exchange was withdrawn.
Ukraine anti-dumping duties
In September 2019, the WTO Appellate Body ruled that anti-dumping duties imposed by Ukraine on ammonium nitrate imports from Russia are violating WTO rules, specifically Article 5.8 of the WTO Anti-Dumping Agreement. The court thereby upheld Russia's claim that Kyiv should have excluded EuroChem, arguing that its dumping had been minimal.
Peers
Agrium
CF Industries
Israel Chemicals
K+S
Phosagro
PotashCorp
The Mosaic Company
Uralkali
Yara International
References
External links
Fertilizer companies of Switzerland
Fertilizer companies of Russia
Baltics (originally Baltic Quintet) was a German beat band from Rostock, who were especially well known in the north of the GDR. The band was formed in 1964 by members of the already well-known group Trio 63 in Rostock. The original Beat Quartett members were Wolfgang Ziegler (bandleader, guitar, vocals and piano), Wolfgang Fennel (guitar), Eckhardt Woytowicz (tenor saxophone, alto saxophone, clarinet, flute, guitar) and Hans-Joachim Seering (drums); the group made their first television appearances with this line-up, including "Herzklopfen kostenlos" moderated by Heinz Quermann. The band made a brief performance in the children's film "Reise nach Sundevit" in 1965 and at the request of director Heiner Carow recorded the entire soundtrack in Babelsberg. The film score was composed by Wolfgang Ziegler in collaboration with Wolfgang Fennel.
For cultural reasons the band had to change their name to Baltic Quartet in 1966. After that the group made only one more film appearance, in the little-known film "Trick 17b".
Peter Zimmermann (bass) joined the band and Knud Benedict (guitar) replaced Wolfgang Flennel in 1967, so they renamed themselves the Baltic Quintet. In 1969 Benedict and Seering left the band to form Badister with former Baltic member Fennel, and Reinhard Möller (keyboard).
With the end of the beat era the Baltic Quintett moved closer to the musical genre of the Music Stromers, so becoming a soul band, but they were not able to compete with the popularity of the Music Stormers and split up in 1972. Ziegler formed another band, Wir.
The songs "Sag nie vorbei", produced in 1969 by GDR radio ("Rundfunk der DDR"), and "Mit dir leben" were among their greatest successes. Both were recorded in 1971 by the GDR label Amiga. "Mit dir leben" can also be heard on the Amiga Sampler A Go-Go from 2000. From 1970 to 1972 the band had several opportunities to appeare on GDR television, among others in the youth program Basar.
Literatur
East German musicians
East German musical groups
The Diocese of Noli () was a Roman Catholic diocese located in the town of Noli of Liguria, Italy, in the Province of Savona. In 1820, it was united with the Diocese of Savona to form the Diocese of Savona e Noli.
Bishops
Diocese of Noli
Erected: 1239
Latin Name: Naulensis
Giorgio Fieschi (Flisco) (1447–1448 Resigned)
Paolo Giustiniani (1460–1485 Died)
Domenico Vaccari (1485–1502 Appointed, Bishop of Ventimiglia)
Antonio Ferrero (1504–1504 Appointed, Bishop of Gubbio)
Vincenzo Boverio (1506–1519 Died)
Vincenzo d'Aste (1525–1534 Died)
Girolamo Doria (1534–1549 Resigned)
Massimiliano Doria (1549–1572 Died)
Leonardo Truchi (Trucco) (1572–1587 Died)
Timoteo Berardi, O. Carm. (1587–1616 Died)
Angelo Mascardi (1616–1645 Died)
Stefano Martini (1646–1687 Died)
Giacomo Porrata (1687–1699 Died)
Paolo Andrea Borelli, B. (1700–1710 Died)
Giuseppe Saoli Bargagli, C.R.M. (1710–1712 Died)
Marco Giacinto Gandolfo (1713–1737 Died)
Costantino Serra, C.R.S. (1737–1746 Appointed, Bishop of Albenga)
Antonio Maria Arduini, O.F.M. Conv. (1746–1777 Died)
Benedetto Solari, O.P. (1778–1814 Died)
25 November 1820: United with the Diocese of Savona to form the Diocese of Savona e Noli
References
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Italy
Cigarette Boats is an EP by American rapper Curren$y and producer Harry Fraud. It was released for online download on July 10, 2012. XXL named it the "2012 EP of the Year."
Track listing
All songs produced by Harry Fraud
References
2012 EPs
Currensy albums
Albums produced by Harry Fraud
Western Air is a privately owned airline in The Bahamas established in 2001. Western Air is headquartered at the San Andros International Airport on Andros Island, Bahamas. The airline conducts a minimum of 40 flights daily throughout the Bahamas and has plans of opening new international routes from the Bahamas Haiti, Jamaica, Turks & Caicos, and Fort Lauderdale and West Palm Beach, Florida. The airline operates a mixed fleet of Embraer EMB 145 jet aircraft and Saab 340As.
History
The airline was established in 2001 by the husband-and-wife team, Rex J. Rolle and Shandrice Woodside-Rolle. The Rolles serve as President & CEO and Vice President & COO respectively. Their daughter, Sherrexcia "Rexy" Rolle, is an aviation attorney and serves as Vice President of Operations and General Counsel.
Western Air's fleet increased with the publicized multi-aircraft deal for EMB 145s jets in 2018. The airline is slated to acquire additional jets in 2019 and 2020 to assist with growing airlift demands.
Destinations
Hubs
Western Air has two major hubs inclusive of private passenger terminals, full service aircraft maintenance facilities and corporate offices located at San Andros International Airport and the second hub at Grand Bahama International Airport, which serves as its northern hub.
As of September 5, 2015 Western Air unveiled its new $6 Million Passenger terminal and maintenance facility in Freeport, Grand Bahama.
Fleet
Current Fleet
Historic Fleet
References
External links
Western Air
Airlines of the Bahamas
Airlines established in 2000
Bahamian brands
engrailed is a homeodomain transcription factor involved in many aspects of multicellular development. First known for its role in arthropod embryological development, working in consort with the Hox genes, engrailed has been found to be important in other areas of development. It has been identified in many bilaterians, including the arthropods, vertebrates, echinoderms, molluscs, nematodes, brachiopods, and polychaetes. It acts as a "selector" gene, conferring a specific identity to defined areas of the body, and co-ordinating the expression of downstream genes.
Protein
engrailed (en) encodes the homeodomain-containing transcription factor protein Engrailed. Homologous Engrailed proteins are found in a diversity of organisms.
When expressed in the ectoderm, engrailed is involved in the production of skeletal material. engrailed, or genes with very similar sequences, are found in all bilaterian animals. engrailed plays a number of crucial roles in brain development across many species, including the determination of the hindbrain/midbrain border and aiding in neuronal axon guidance. This has led to the suggestion that the gene originally served a neurogenetic function in the ancestral bilaterian.
It has been observed to express in the repeated units of arthropods, molluscs, onychophora, annelids, echinoderms and amphioxus.
Whilst the gene was traditionally understood to have served a role in segment polarization in the ancestral bilaterian, its association with shell formation in molluscs has produced an alternative hypothesis: that the ancestral role was associated with mineralization. Even where this trait has been secondarily lost (such as in the onychophora) the gene is still expressed, marking the 'ghosts' of the shelly plates that the ancestral onychophora (i.e. lobopods) are thought to have borne.
Arthropods
In the model organism, Drosophila melanogaster, engrailed acts as a segment polarity gene in early embryonic development. It is initially expressed in stages 8–11 of development in 14 isolated bands of cells along the embryo's anterior–posterior axis. The cells expressing engrailed define the anterior-most region of each parasegment. Once proper segments form, engrailed-expressing cells are found in the posterior-most region of each segment.
engrailed homologs have also been found in many other arthropod species, including grasshoppers, milkweed bugs, centipedes, and beetles.
However, the ancestral role of engrailed was not in marking segmentation: it does not fulfill this role in Onychophora.
Molluscs
Although it is not necessary for mineralization to occur, molluscs use engrailed to mark the boundaries of shell-forming fields (this has been demonstrated in cuttlefish, gastropods, bivalves, polyplacophora, and scaphopods) but it has also been co-opted by the cephalopods in the production of evolutionary novelties such as the tentacles, eyes and funnel. This plasticity in gene function is characteristic of genes ancestrally associated with the nervous system, for instance the Hox genes, which are also associated with a wide range of derived organs in the cephalopods, but are involved in shell formation in gastropods. The gene has been sequenced in all groups of shelled molluscs, although for some time it eluded identification in the squid Loligo.
In the scaphopods, engrailed is active in the development of the larval shell, but not the adult conch (a separate entity), suggesting a different evolutionary origin of the mature shell. In cephalopods, engrailed appears to demark the shell field, but is not necessary for shell formation itself (skeletogenesis).
It has been argued that engrailed was only co-opted to skeletal function in molluscs, and that its original function was related to segmentation, not biomineralization; whilst there is no consensus yet on which of these alternatives is correct, a role in biomineralization seems the more parsimonious.
See also
EN2 (gene)
References
Developmental genes and proteins
Evolutionary developmental biology
Samuel Marcus Dill (20 December 184323 January 1924) was an Irish-born minister who served as Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in 1912.
Life
They were born on 20 December 1843, the eldest son of Prof Robert Foster Dill MD, Professor of Midwifery at Queens College, Belfast, and their wife, Catherine Haughton Rentoul.
They were educated at the Geneva Theological College and at Queen's College, Belfast.
They were licensed to preach in December 1867 and began their ministry soon after in Lower Cumber, Killaoo in County Londonderry. In 1874 they were called to Ballymena to replace their namesake uncle, Rev Samuel Marcus Dill (1811-1870), who was also a noted theological author.
In 1881 they left Ireland and joined the Church of Scotland to preach at Alloway in Ayrshire. They were minister of Alloway for at least 30 years, and was still in this position in 1912 when they were appointed Moderator.
They died on 23 January 1924.
Family
In 1878 they married Agnes Graham Rowe (d. 1934), daughter of John James Rowe. They had nine children.
They were a first cousin to Sir Samuel Dill.
References
1843 births
1924 deaths
Moderators of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland
Irish Presbyterian ministers
19th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
20th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
is a Japanese racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1932 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Japanese male racewalkers
Olympic male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Japan
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Japan Championships in Athletics winners
20th-century Japanese people
21st-century Japanese people
Jaba may refer to:
Places
Jaba Dimtu, Mandera County, Kenya
Jaba, Nigeria
Jaba', Haifa Subdistrict, a Palestinian Arab village depopulated in 1948
Jaba', Jenin, a Palestinian village in the West Bank
Jaba', Jerusalem, a Palestinian town in the West Bank
Jab'a, Bethlehem Governorate, a Palestinian village in the central West Bank
Jaba River, in Bougainville, Papua New Guinea
Other uses
Jaba (given name), including a list of people with that name
Jabá, (Silvino João de Carvalho, born 1981), Brazilian footballer
Léo Jabá (born 1998), Brazilian footballer
Journal of Applied Behavior Analysis (JABA), an academic journal
Jaba language, or Hyam language
Operation Jaba', or Operation Shoter, an Israeli operation during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War
See also
Jabba (disambiguation)
Jaber (disambiguation)
Jbaa, a town in Lebanon
Ya ba, a recreational drug
Haberberg Church () or Holy Trinity Church () was a Protestant church in the Haberberg quarter of Königsberg, Germany. Its 18th-century Rococo interior was one of the most beautiful in East Prussia.
History
Construction of the church began with a chapel at the highest point of Oberhaberberg in 1537. The Lutheran community became its own parish separate from that of Königsberg Cathedral in 1652, and a new church was built from 1653 to 1683 with its steeple following in 1705. After burning down because of a winter lightning strike in 1747, the rebuilt church was rebuilt from 1748 to 1753 and dedicated in the latter year. Its organ, designed by Adam Gottlob Casparini, was completed in 1753, with its altar following in 1765.
In 1774 the church's steeple was topped with a weathervane by the Königsberg coppersmith Lorenz Wietander, depicting a single-winged golden angel. Upon the recommendation of Immanuel Kant, it became the first church of Königsberg with a lightning rod in 1783.
The church was used as a field hospital for Russian troops following the Battle of Eylau of 7–8 February 1807. A shell struck the church during the bombardment of Königsberg by French troops on 14 June.
The parish's cemetery was located in Nasser Garten. In 1905 the community of Ponarth became its own parish separate from that of Haberberg.
Haberberg Church was heavily damaged during the 1945 Battle of Königsberg. Its remnants were demolished in 1953 while part of Kaliningrad, Russia.
Gallery
References
1537 establishments in Europe
1945 disestablishments in Germany
16th-century Lutheran churches in Germany
Buildings and structures in Germany destroyed during World War II
Destroyed churches in Germany
Former churches in Königsberg
Lutheran churches in Königsberg
Religious organizations established in the 1530s
Rococo architecture in Germany
Henriette Simon Picker (28 March 1917 – 5 January 2016) was an American painter, fashion designer, and inventor.
Biography
Henriette Simon Picker was born on March 28, 1917 to German-Jewish émigrés in Jersey City, New Jersey. In 1928, after a failed business venture, their father, William, moved their family to Berlin. There Picker graduated from the Paul-Natorp-Gymasium and later attended the Lette-Verein. After fleeing Germany following the rise of Hitler, the family resettled in New York, where Picker studied drawing and painting with Alexander Brook and Louis Bouché at the Art Students League of New York while pursuing a career as a shoe designer. At the age of sixteen, they became the first woman designer hired by I. Miller, a shoe company. In 1952 Picker opened their own business called "Simone Shoes To Match" with their brother Regi Simon, designing and manufacturing shoes for women to match their handbags and dresses. In the October 1952 issue of MaCall's, their shoes were illustrated by a then 24 year old Andy Warhol. In the 1960s they formed one of the first shoe import businesses in the US, and designed their own line, “Simone Shoes, Made in Italy.” In 1982, Picker retired from shoe design to care for their then-ailing husband, Julian Picker. Soon thereafter, in 1983, Picker was commissioned to create the cover for the January 1983 issue of Footwear News. Over the course of their career, Picker patented numerous shoe designs.
Picker produced the bulk of their paintings in their nineties. Them first solo exhibition was at the age of 95 at The Hudson River Studio in 2012, and shortly after was the subject of a retrospective exhibition at PMW Gallery in March 2013. They subsequently had solo exhibitions at The Cooperstown Art Association and View Arts in Old Forge, NY. They also exhibited at the Waxlander Gallery in Santa Fe and the Carter Burden Gallery in Chelsea. Picker's final years were almost entirely focused upon portraiture, including Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Mikael Karlsson (composer), Richard Croft (tenor), Ida Rohatyn, and Charles Wuorinen. A book chronicling their work entitled Henriette Simon Picker: A Century of Painting was published posthumously.
In 1940, they married Julian Picker who was a newswriter for CBS TV. They had three children, Ida Picker, Jon Picker, and Tobias Picker.
Paintings
References
External links
H. S. Picker's Website and Online Gallery
1917 births
2016 deaths
Jewish American artists
Jewish women painters
Jewish painters
21st-century American women artists
Artists from New York (state)
Painters from New York (state)
People from Jersey City, New Jersey
People from Poughkeepsie, New York
21st-century American painters
20th-century American women artists
American fashion designers
Shoe designers
American women fashion designers
Jewish fashion designers
American people of German-Jewish descent
21st-century American Jews
The Ladder of Jacob (Hebrew: Sulam Yaakov סולם יעקב) is a pseudepigraphic writing of the Old Testament. It is usually considered to be part of the apocalyptic literature. The text has been preserved only in Slavonic, and it is clearly a translation from a now lost Greek version. It is not regarded as scripture by Jews or any Christian group.
Manuscript tradition
The text of the Ladder of Jacob has been preserved only in Old Church Slavonic; it is found in the Tolkovaja Paleja, a compendium of various Old Testament texts and comments which also preserved the Apocalypse of Abraham. The Tolkovaja Paleja is a compilation of texts assembled in the 8th or 9th century in Greek and later translated into Slavonic; it is the only translation that has survived. Some plays on words in the Ladder of Jacob suggest an original Hebrew text, or a Greek text intended for readers with at least some knowledge of Hebrew.
Two recensions of the Ladder of Jacob have been identified: a longer one, usually denoted A, which survives in three manuscripts, and a shorter one, usually called B, which is represented by the majority of the manuscript tradition. The chief difference between This is that the shorter recension reduces drastically the prayer of Jacob and omits the name of the angel Sariel (2:2-5:1).
Date and origin
The date and origin of the Ladder of Jacob are uncertain. It is possible to infer at least three stages: an original work written in a Jewish context after the Destruction of the Temple, the use in early Byzantine world and the final translation in Slavonic around the ninth century. In the Christian stages the text was interpolated to form an anti-Jewish polemic, by adding some comments here and there, omitting some sentences and adding a Christian conclusion: Chapter Seven has Christian origin. The expectation of a delayed warrior Messiah and the similarities with 2 Baruch, Apocalypse of Abraham and other apocalyptic literature suggest the original text may have been written in the first half of the second century CE.
Content
The Ladder of Jacob is based on the Biblical dream of Jacob in .
Chapter 1 is an expansion of the narrative of Genesis. Jacob falls asleep and sees a ladder set up on the Earth; the top of it reaches to heaven with angels ascending and descending on it. Many details are added to the Genesis narrative: the ladder is made of twelve steps, and on each step there are two human forms, one on each side of the step, visible as far as their breasts. On the top of the ladder there was a "face", "as of a man", carved in the fire and much more terrifying than the twenty-four other busts. The Lord is over this central "face".
Chapter 2 includes a prayer by Jacob, surely abbreviated by the Slavonic copyist, asking the Lord the meaning of the vision. The prayer describes God sitting on a fire throne, surrounded by Cherubim and Seraphim, a vision that is a classic example of Merkabah.
In Chapter 3 the angel Sariel is sent by the Lord to Jacob to explain the vision, and the text says Jacob was not terrified by the vision of the angel.
In Chapter 4 Sariel changes the name of Jacob to Israel in order to have it "to be similar to their own name".
Chapter 5 includes the explanation of the ladder given by Sariel: the ladder is the Age, and the twelve steps are the periods into which the Age is divided (the same division we find in 2 Baruch). The twenty-four human busts are the kings of the world who oppose Israel, some more, some less. The fourth step may be the author's picture of their own time; in the last times the Lord will raise a descendant of Esau (probably the Roman Empire) who initially will protect Israel, and later will serve the idols and use violence. The people of Jacob will be exiled, made slaves and wounded.
Chapter 6 is about the coming of the Messiah, described as a king who fights against the enemies of Israel and wins; the enemies then repent and the Lord accepts their plea. In the following events the Lord acts directly: there will be earthquakes and destructions followed by the final victory against the Leviathan and the Falkon. The sons of Jacob will walk in the Lord's justice, and the kingdoms of Edom and Moab will be destroyed.
Chapter 7 is surely a Christian addition; it predicts the Incarnation of the Savior.
Theology
The Ladder of Jacob, as well as the Apocalypse of Abraham, interpret the experience of Patriarchs in the context of merkabah mysticism. The Ladder of Jacob takes a stand on the main issues debated in apocalyptic literature: the role of the Messiah is limited to that of a warrior, the final victory against the evil and the last judgment are carried out directly by God himself, and it is possible to repent on the last day.
See also
Jacob's Ladder
Notes
Sources
H.F.D. Sparks The Apocryphal Old Testament (1984) pag 453-464
H.G.Lunt Ladder of Jacob, a new translation and introduction in ed. James H. Charlesworth The Old Testament Pseudepigrapha, Vol. 2 (1985) pag 401-412.
P.Sacchi M.Enrietti Apocrifi dell'Antico Testamento Vol 3 (1999) pag 551-570.
2nd-century texts
Apocalyptic literature
Jacob
Jewish messianism
Jewish texts
Merkabah mysticism
Old Testament pseudepigrapha
Texts in Slavic languages
Christian texts
Viral evolution is a subfield of evolutionary biology and virology that is specifically concerned with the evolution of viruses. Viruses have short generation times, and many—in particular RNA viruses—have relatively high mutation rates (on the order of one point mutation or more per genome per round of replication). Although most viral mutations confer no benefit and often even prove deleterious to viruses, the rapid rate of viral mutation combined with natural selection allows viruses to quickly adapt to changes in their host environment. In addition, because viruses typically produce many copies in an infected host, mutated genes can be passed on to many offspring quickly. Although the chance of mutations and evolution can change depending on the type of virus (e.g., double stranded DNA, double stranded RNA, single strand DNA), viruses overall have high chances for mutations.
Viral evolution is an important aspect of the epidemiology of viral diseases such as influenza (influenza virus), AIDS (HIV), and hepatitis (e.g. HCV). The rapidity of viral mutation also causes problems in the development of successful vaccines and antiviral drugs, as resistant mutations often appear within weeks or months after the beginning of a treatment. One of the main theoretical models applied to viral evolution is the quasispecies model, which defines a viral quasispecies as a group of closely related viral strains competing within an environment.
Origins
Three classical hypotheses
Viruses are ancient. Studies at the molecular level have revealed relationships between viruses infecting organisms from each of the three domains of life, suggesting viral proteins that pre-date the divergence of life and thus infecting the last universal common ancestor. This indicates that some viruses emerged early in the evolution of life, and that they have probably arisen multiple times. It has been suggested that new groups of viruses have repeatedly emerged at all stages of evolution, often through the displacement of ancestral structural and genome replication genes.
There are three classical hypotheses on the origins of viruses and how they evolved:
Virus-first hypothesis: Viruses evolved from complex molecules of protein and nucleic acid before cells first appeared on earth. By this hypothesis, viruses contributed to the rise of cellular life. This is supported by the idea that all viral genomes encode proteins that do not have cellular homologs. The virus-first hypothesis has been dismissed by some scientists because it violates the definition of viruses, in that they require a host cell to replicate.
Reduction hypothesis (degeneracy hypothesis): Viruses were once small cells that parasitized larger cells. This is supported by the discovery of giant viruses with similar genetic material to parasitic bacteria. However, the hypothesis does not explain why even the smallest of cellular parasites do not resemble viruses in any way.
Escape hypothesis (vagrancy hypothesis): Some viruses evolved from bits of DNA or RNA that "escaped" from the genes of larger organisms. This does not explain the structures that are unique to viruses and are not seen anywhere in cells. It also does not explain the complex capsids and other structures of virus particles.
Virologists are in the process of re-evaluating these hypotheses.
Later hypotheses
Coevolution hypothesis (Bubble Theory): At the beginning of life, a community of early replicons (pieces of genetic information capable of self-replication) existed in proximity to a food source such as a hot spring or hydrothermal vent. This food source also produced lipid-like molecules self-assembling into vesicles that could enclose replicons. Close to the food source replicons thrived, but further away the only non-diluted resources would be inside vesicles. Therefore, evolutionary pressure could push replicons along two paths of development: merging with a vesicle, giving rise to cells; and entering the vesicle, using its resources, multiplying and leaving for another vesicle, giving rise to viruses.
Chimeric-origins hypothesis: Based on the analyses of the evolution of the replicative and structural modules of viruses, a chimeric scenario for the origin of viruses was proposed in 2019. According to this hypothesis, the replication modules of viruses originated from the primordial genetic pool, although the long course of their subsequent evolution involved many displacements by replicative genes from their cellular hosts. By contrast, the genes encoding major structural proteins evolved from functionally diverse host proteins throughout the evolution of the virosphere. This scenario is distinct from each of the three traditional scenarios but combines features of the Virus-first and Escape hypotheses.
One of the problems for studying viral origins and evolution is the high rate of viral mutation, particularly the case in RNA retroviruses like HIV/AIDS. A recent study based on comparisons of viral protein folding structures, however, is offering some new evidence. Fold Super Families (FSFs) are proteins that show similar folding structures independent of the actual sequence of amino acids, and have been found to show evidence of viral phylogeny. The proteome of a virus, the viral proteome, still contains traces of ancient evolutionary history that can be studied today. The study of protein FSFs suggests the existence of ancient cellular lineages common to both cells and viruses before the appearance of the 'last universal cellular ancestor' that gave rise to modern cells. Evolutionary pressure to reduce genome and particle size may have eventually reduced viro-cells into modern viruses, whereas other coexisting cellular lineages eventually evolved into modern cells. Furthermore, the long genetic distance between RNA and DNA FSFs suggests that the RNA world hypothesis may have new experimental evidence, with a long intermediary period in the evolution of cellular life.
Definitive exclusion of a hypothesis on the origin of viruses is difficult to make on Earth given the ubiquitous interactions between viruses and cells, and the lack of availability of rocks that are old enough to reveal traces of the earliest viruses on the planet. From an astrobiological perspective, it has therefore been proposed that on celestial bodies such as Mars not only cells but also traces of former virions or viroids should be actively searched for: possible findings of traces of virions in the apparent absence of cells could provide support for the virus-first hypothesis.
Evolution
Viruses do not form fossils in the traditional sense, because they are much smaller than the finest colloidal fragments forming sedimentary rocks that fossilize plants and animals. However, the genomes of many organisms contain endogenous viral elements (EVEs). These DNA sequences are the remnants of ancient virus genes and genomes that ancestrally 'invaded' the host germline. For example, the genomes of most vertebrate species contain hundreds to thousands of sequences derived from ancient retroviruses. These sequences are a valuable source of retrospective evidence about the evolutionary history of viruses, and have given birth to the science of paleovirology.
The evolutionary history of viruses can to some extent be inferred from analysis of contemporary viral genomes. The mutation rates for many viruses have been measured, and application of a molecular clock allows dates of divergence to be inferred.
Viruses evolve through changes in their RNA (or DNA), some quite rapidly, and the best adapted mutants quickly outnumber their less fit counterparts. In this sense their evolution is Darwinian. The way viruses reproduce in their host cells makes them particularly susceptible to the genetic changes that help to drive their evolution. The RNA viruses are especially prone to mutations. In host cells there are mechanisms for correcting mistakes when DNA replicates and these kick in whenever cells divide. These important mechanisms prevent potentially lethal mutations from being passed on to offspring. But these mechanisms do not work for RNA and when an RNA virus replicates in its host cell, changes in their genes are occasionally introduced in error, some of which are lethal. One virus particle can produce millions of progeny viruses in just one cycle of replication, therefore the production of a few "dud" viruses is not a problem. Most mutations are "silent" and do not result in any obvious changes to the progeny viruses, but others confer advantages that increase the fitness of the viruses in the environment. These could be changes to the virus particles that disguise them so they are not identified by the cells of the immune system or changes that make antiviral drugs less effective. Both of these changes occur frequently with HIV.
Many viruses (for example, influenza A virus) can "shuffle" their genes with other viruses when two similar strains infect the same cell. This phenomenon is called genetic shift, and is often the cause of new and more virulent strains appearing. Other viruses change more slowly as mutations in their genes gradually accumulate over time, a process known as antigenic drift.
Through these mechanisms new viruses are constantly emerging and present a continuing challenge in attempts to control the diseases they cause. Most species of viruses are now known to have common ancestors, and although the "virus first" hypothesis has yet to gain full acceptance, there is little doubt that the thousands of species of modern viruses have evolved from less numerous ancient ones. The morbilliviruses, for example, are a group of closely related, but distinct viruses that infect a broad range of animals. The group includes measles virus, which infects humans and primates; canine distemper virus, which infects many animals including dogs, cats, bears, weasels and hyaenas; rinderpest, which infected cattle and buffalo; and other viruses of seals, porpoises and dolphins. Although it is not possible to prove which of these rapidly evolving viruses is the earliest, for such a closely related group of viruses to be found in such diverse hosts suggests the possibility that their common ancestor is ancient.
Bacteriophage
Escherichia virus T4 (phage T4) is a species of bacteriophage that infects Escherichia coli bacteria. It is a double-stranded DNA virus in the family Myoviridae. Phage T4 is an obligate intracellular parasite that reproduces within the host bacterial cell and its progeny are released when the host is destroyed by lysis. The complete genome sequence of phage T4 encodes about 300 gene products. These virulent viruses are among the largest, most complex viruses that are known and one of the best studied model organisms. They have played a key role in the development of virology and molecular biology. The numbers of reported genetic homologies between phage T4 and bacteria and between phage T4 and eukaryotes are similar suggesting that phage T4 shares ancestry with both bacteria and eukaryotes and has about equal similarity to each. Phage T4 may have diverged in evolution from a common ancestor of bacteria and eukaryotes or from an early evolved member of either lineage. Most of the phage genes showing homology with bacteria and eukaryotes encode enzymes acting in the ubiquitous processes of DNA replication, DNA repair, recombination and nucleotide synthesis. These processes likely evolved very early. The adaptive features of the enzymes catalyzing these early processes may have been maintained in the phage T4, bacterial, and eukaryotic lineages because they were established well-tested solutions to basic functional problems by the time these lineages diverged.
Transmission
Viruses have been able to continue their infectious existence due to evolution. Their rapid mutation rates and natural selection has given viruses the advantage to continue to spread. One way that viruses have been able to spread is with the evolution of virus transmission. The virus can find a new host through:
Droplet transmission- passed on through body fluids (sneezing on someone)
An example is the influenza virus
Airborne transmission- passed on through the air (brought in by breathing)
An example would be how viral meningitis is passed on
Vector transmission- picked up by a carrier and brought to a new host
An example is viral encephalitis
Waterborne transmission- leaving a host, infecting the water, and being consumed in a new host
Poliovirus is an example for this
Sit-and-wait-transmission- the virus is living outside a host for long periods of time
The smallpox virus is also an example for this
Virulence, or the harm that the virus does on its host, depends on various factors. In particular, the method of transmission tends to affect how the level of virulence will change over time. Viruses that transmit through vertical transmission (transmission to the offspring of the host) will evolve to have lower levels of virulence. Viruses that transmit through horizontal transmission (transmission between members of the same species that don't have a parent-child relationship) will usually evolve to have a higher virulence.
See also
DNA virus
Earliest known life forms
Evolution of the Sacbrood Virus
RNA virus
Viral classification
Viral decay acceleration
Viral phylodynamics
Viral quasispecies
Endothelial Cell Tropism
References
Bibliography
External links
Evolutionary biology
Virology
Microbial population biology
The Drama Desk Award is an annual prize recognizing excellence in New York theatre. First bestowed in 1955 as the Vernon Rice Award, the prize initially honored Off-Broadway productions, as well as Off-off-Broadway, and those in the vicinity. Following the 1964 renaming as the Drama Desk Awards, Broadway productions were included beginning with the 1968–69 award season. The awards are considered a significant American theater distinction.
History
The Drama Desk organization was formed in 1949 by a group of New York theater critics, editors, reporters and publishers, in order to make the public aware of the vital issues concerning the theatrical industry. They debuted the presentations of the Vernon Rice Awards. The name honors the New York Post critic Vernon Rice, who had pioneered Off-Broadway coverage in the New York press. The name was changed for the 1963–1964 awards season to the Drama Desk Awards.
In 1974, the Drama Desk became incorporated as a not-for-profit organization. In 1975, the Drama Desk announcement of winners included the nominees as well.
The Drama Desk has more than 100 members, including theatre critics, reporters and editors who cover New York theater and vote on the awards. Membership consists of two categories: active (voting) membership and participating membership.
All of the Drama Desk officers and nominating committee members perform their various services for the organization on a voluntary basis. The nominating committee generally meets twice a month to discuss the many eligible shows members are responsible for seeing. They then nominate the productions on which the entire membership will vote. What sets the organization apart is that the awards are voted on "by media people only without any vested interests in the results", according to the organization.
Previous winners include Bernadette Peters, Dustin Hoffman, Al Pacino, and Catherine Zeta-Jones, among many others.
The Drama Desk Awards have contributed to the ongoing success of major stars, playwrights and designers, while also identifying newcomers. The Drama Desk was the first New York theater organization to give awards to talents such as Edward Albee, Wendy Wasserstein, and George C. Scott. Plays like Driving Miss Daisy, Other People's Money, Steel Magnolias, and The Boys in the Band built momentum with the help of Drama Desk wins.
In keeping with its original mission, the organization sponsors guest panel luncheons with theater professionals. Panels address topics of current interest: covering the season on Broadway, Off-Broadway, and Off-Off-Broadway, with the aim of prompting informative and stimulating discussion.
Ceremony
Award categories
Performance categories
Outstanding Actress in a Play
Outstanding Featured Actress in a Play
Outstanding Actress in a Musical
Outstanding Featured Actress in a Musical
Outstanding Actor in a Play
Outstanding Featured Actor in a Play
Outstanding Actor in a Musical
Outstanding Featured Actor in a Musical
Outstanding Solo Performance
Show and technical categories
Outstanding Musical
Outstanding Revival of a Musical
Outstanding Director of a Musical
Outstanding Book of a Musical
Outstanding Music
Outstanding Music in a Play
Outstanding Lyrics
Outstanding Orchestrations
Outstanding Choreography
Outstanding Scenic Design of a Musical
Outstanding Costume Design of a Musical
Outstanding Lighting Design for a Musical
Outstanding Sound Design in a Musical
Outstanding Play
Outstanding Revival of a Play
Outstanding Director of a Play
Outstanding Scenic Design of a Play
Outstanding Costume Design of a Play
Outstanding Lighting Design for a Play
Outstanding Sound Design in a Play
Outstanding Wig and Hair Design
Unique Theatrical Experience
Outstanding Revue
Outstanding Projection Design
Outstanding Puppet Design
Special awards
Drama Desk Special Award
Outstanding Ensemble
Retired awards
Outstanding Director
Outstanding Revival
Outstanding Set Design
Outstanding Costume Design
Outstanding Lighting Design
Outstanding Sound Design
See also
Other theatre awards in New York:
Tony Award
Lucille Lortel Awards
Obie Award
New York Drama Critics' Circle
Drama League Award
Theatre World Award
References
External links
Awards established in 1955
1955 establishments in New York (state)
Sevenglory is an American christian rock band from Indiana. It was formed in 2001, and is signed to 7Spin Music. The band is composed of Gabe Johannes (drums), Caleb Johannes (bass), Jeff Smith (lead guitar) and Kurt Felsman (lead vocals).
History
Fred Butson and Gabe Johannes joined on with Nate Lamb (lead guitar), Kevin Hall (rhythm guitar), and Chip Bos (friend who was also sound guy at the time) and helped start the group Bliss, which was later renamed 'Sevenglory'. Chip left the group shortly after conception to pursue a career as the Technical Director at Central Wesleyan Church in Holland, Michigan. Butson and Gabe Johannes lived in the same suite at Indiana Wesleyan University. Original lead guitarist Nathan Lamb left after several years to start a career in Colorado. Gabe's brother Caleb joined the group after the group's original bassist, Kyle Inman, left to pursue a career as a Technical Director at Kensington Community Church in Michigan. Peter Kohsla, a Midwestern concert promoter, noticed the band. They became its manager and started promoting the band. Kohsla formed a label called 7Spin Music, and signed the group. Josh Parsons (Lead Guitar) joined the band a couple years later. In 2010, Butson and Parsons felt it was time to move on, which left Sevenglory looking not only for a lead singer but a lead guitar player as well.
In mid 2010, friend of the band Jeff Smith signed on as the lead guitarist and 6 months later the group added Canadian singer/songwriter Kurt Felsman as the new lead singer. Felsman is Director of Worship and the Arts at Calvary Church in Valparaiso, Indiana and Smith is the Director of Worship at Waypoint Community Church in Bristol, IN.
As of September 2011 Sevenglory consists of Kurt Felsman (Lead Vocals/Guitar), Caleb Johannes (Bass/Backing Vocals), Gabe Johannes (Percussion/Backing Vocals) and Jeff Smith (Lead Guitar/Backing Vocals).
On September 25, 2011 Sevenglory released a 5-song EP titled To:Calvary. All proceeds from the sale of the EP went to Mission: Mitaboni, an orphanage operated by Kids Alive International, located in Mitaboni, Kenya. The EP includes original songs as well as covers of some of the most popular worship songs of 2011. The entire EP was recorded in the new 7Spin Music recording studio located inside Calvary Church in Valparaiso, Indiana, where three members of Sevenglory are members. In November 2012 the band released is fourth full-length album entitled Always Hope. The band has made it a priority to partner with local church and to hold a lighter tour schedule. Sevenglory continues to play concerts, lead worship at conferences, and play the summer festival circuit. In March 2013 the band released their first single off Always Hope entitled Even Now.
Television appearances
In 2006 the band appeared on the Gospel Music Channel and The Logan Show.
Discography
2006 - Over the Rooftops
2007 - Atmosphere
2010 - Invitation
2011 - To Calvary - EP
2012 - Always Hope
2014 - Through the Dark - EP
Singles
"Just Me", No. 9 on the November 2007 R&R CHR chart
"Let It Be Love", No. 11 on the March 21, 2008 R&R CHR chart
"The Best Is Yet to Come"
"Even Now"
References
External links
Official website
Musical groups from Indiana
American Christian rock groups
Musical groups established in 2001
Nandivada Rathnasree (26 November 1963 – 9 May 2021) or N. Rathnasree was an Indian astrophysicist, science communicator, and science historian, who was the director of India's Nehru Planetarium for over twenty years. They were responsible for improvements to the planetarium, as well as for researching the use of historical architectural astronomical instruments in India.  They are known for their work in science communication.
Life and education
N. Rathnasree spent their childhood in the state of Andhra Pradesh. They completed their undergraduate education at the University College for Women in Hyderabad, and completed a master's degree in physics from Hyderabad Central University. They completed a Ph.D. at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR), where they were their first doctoral student, studying binary stars in the Large Magellanic Cloud under the supervision of physicist Alak Ray. They married fellow physicist Patrick Dasgupta, and they had one son. They died of COVID-19 in 2021.
Career
N. Rathnasree continued their research into radio observations of pulsars at the University of Vermont between 1992 and 1994, and at the Raman Research Institute in Bengaluru until 1996. While working in the United States, they were an observer at the Arecibo Radio Telescope in Puerto Rico, where they researched the stability of radio emissions from pulsars.
In 1996, they were invited to join the administration at the Nehru Planetarium in New Delhi and became the director of the planetarium in 1999. They served as the director of the planetarium for a period of 21 years, during which they upgraded the planetarium's mechanisms from an opto-mechanical to a hybrid system, which used digital as well as mechanical projection. In addition, they conducted a number of supervised research and outreach programs aimed at students. They introduced a number of public watch events to observe astronomical phenomena, as well as to commemorate major scientific researchers.
In the early 2000s, they began research into the use of historical architectural structures that were intended to function as astronomical instruments. These structures, known as Jantar Mantar, were established in several locations in India. Rathnasree worked with the stone Jantar Mantars established in Delhi, Jaipur, Ujjain, and Varanasi, teaching students and researchers their uses, and publishing several research papers on their historical use and design. Rathnasree proposed that the stone-built Jantar Mantar observatories could be used when teaching astronomy to today's students. They later worked with the Archaeological Survey of India on a project to restore the Delhi Jantar Mantar. During the International Astronomical Union Symposium (IAUS340) on Solar Physics, at Jaipur in 2018, they introduced the Jaipur Jantar Mantar to researchers.
They were a member of the Astronomical Society of India, and in 2014, they were appointed to chair their Public Outreach and Education Committee, where they directed a number of programs aimed at improving the communication of scientific ideas and concepts to laypeople. In 2019, to commemorate the 150th anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi's birth, they compiled a collection of their writing on astronomy and devised a trail that visited locations of astronomical interest that they had visited. They worked with the National Council of Science Museums as an advisor on astronomy-related communications, and was also the chief editor for science-related publications for the National Council of Educational Research and Training. They were a vocal opponent of astrology, and wrote publicly to criticise a decision by the Indian University Grants Commission to introduce it as a subject to be taught in higher education. They also advocated against light pollution in India.
References
1963 births
2021 deaths
Indian women scientists
Indian astrophysicists
Indian astronomers
Tata Institute of Fundamental Research alumni
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in India
D.S. Senanayake Memorial Public Library is a public library in Kandy, Sri Lanka. It is the main public library in Kandy situated in Kandy town.
History
D.S. Senanayake Memorial Public Library was initiated as Central Town Library in 1841 by a group of citizen for the benefit of the English educated local and foreign readers. In 1920 Kandy Municipal Council took charge of library and made it larger population to make use of its services.
The present D.S. Senanayake Memorial Public Library was started in 1962 by the Prime Minister Late Rt. D.S. Senanayake and the building was declared open by the then Governor Hon. William Gopallawa who was a former commissioner of the Kandy Municipal Council.
In 1989, auditorium was built with a seating capacity of 500, opened by the then Mayor Their Worship Thilak Rathnayake to enhance the services of this Library.
In 1996, enlarge the floor area and enable the large readership to utilize the facilities, funding by the Japanese. The upper floor was completed in 2002 which was production of Central Provincial Council.
References
Libraries in Kandy District
Maria Rubert de Ventós (born 1956) is a Spanish architect, winner of the 2004 . Among other works, they were co-designer of the expansion of the Palacio de las Cortes in 1994 and was project director for the Olympic Village on Barcelona's Avinguda Diagonal. In 2011, they became the first female university professor of Urban Planning in Spain.
Education
Maria Rubert de Ventós received the title of architect in 1981 at the (ETSAB), where they earned their doctorate in 1991.
Urban planning career
Rubert has focused on heritage, public and green spaces, mobility, and transport, especially in the cities of Barcelona, Madrid, and Cartagena, where they have designed management and layout plans. Them projects include the 1994 expansion of the Palacio de las Cortes of Madrid (meeting place of the Congress of Deputies), together with Josep Parcerisa and Joan Clos, after winning a competition where 287 proposals were presented.
They were also the project director for the Olympic Village on Barcelona's Avinguda Diagonal, the layout of the Besòs-Mar area, the 22@ Perú-Pere IV plan, the expansion project of Cartagena, and the urban center of Pineda de Mar.
They received the 2004 in the Journalistic Initiative category from the Ministry of Housing for their contributions to public knowledge and debate on subjects pertaining to the city of Barcelona.
Academic career
Maria Rubert de Ventós was appointed full professor of the ETSAB Department of Urban and Territorial Planning in 2011, becoming the country's first woman to reach that rank in the subject.
They have been a professor of urban planning at ETSAB since 1983. They perform research and teaches in the doctoral program in urban planning and in the master's degree in landscaping at the Department of Urban Planning of the Polytechnic University of Catalonia (UPC).
They have also taught at universities in the United States, Chile, Germany, and Italy.
They have been a juror for several awards, including "Racons Públics" in Alicante in 2012. In 2017, they were a juror of the 1st Manuel de Solà-Morales European Award for urban planning granted by the UPC's Barcelona Urban Planning Laboratory.
Publications
Materials d'urbanisme (1999), Edicions ETSAB, , with Josep Parcerisa
La ciudad no es una hoja en Blanco: hechos del urbanismo (2000), Ediciones ARQ, , with Josep Parcerisa
Metro, Galaxias metropolitanas (2001), Edicions UPC, , with Josep Parcerisa
Places Porxades a Catalunya (2006), Edicions UPC,
Empire Corner (2008), Edicions ETSAB,
Pere IV: scan Poblenou Barcelona: urbanística 2 2016, la ciutat per parts (2016), Barcelona Grup de Recerca Laboratori d'Urbanisme, , with Eulàlia Gómez
Cities 2: Mediterranean (2018), Barcelona Grup de Recerca Laboratori d'Urbanisme, , with Eulàlia Gómez
Meridiana: scan Barcelona: Urbanística 2 2017, la ciutat per parts (2018), Barcelona Grup de Recerca Laboratori d'Urbanisme, , with Eulàlia Gómez
References
External links
1956 births
20th-century Catalan architects
20th-century Spanish educators
Spanish women educators
21st-century Spanish architects
21st-century Spanish educators
21st-century Spanish women writers
Urban planners from Catalonia
Living people
Polytechnic University of Catalonia faculty
Spanish women architects
Writers from Barcelona
20th-century women educators
21st-century women educators
20th-century Spanish women
USS Theodore Roosevelt has been the name of more than one United States Navy ship, and may refer to:
, troop transport in commission from 1918 to 1919
, ballistic missile submarine in commission from 1961 to 1982
, aircraft carrier in commission since 1986
See also
United States Navy ship names
Montney is an unincorporated locality located in British Columbia about north of Fort St. John, near Beatton Provincial Park.
It lies at an elevation of , along the BC Rail tracks.
The settlement gives the name to the Montney Formation, a gas-bearing geological unit first described in a well located north-west of the hamlet.
The name of the town is an Anglicized form of an Indigenous name. The fact that the name is spelled the same as the Montney family name is purely coincidental.
References
BCGNIS listing "Montney (Locality)"
Peace River Country
Populated places in the Peace River Regional District
Unincorporated settlements in British Columbia
Kirkconnel (1892 – November 1916) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. They showed very good form as a two-year-old in 1894, winning the Bedford Stakes, July Stakes and Lavant Stakes as well a finishing second in the Dewhurst Stakes and fourth in the Middle Park Plate. In the following year they won the 2000 Guineas and finished a close third in the Epsom Derby but was never as good thereafter, failing to win again and being retired at the end of 1896. They later stood as a breeding stallion in Germany with limited success.
Background
Kirkconnel was a bay horse bred in the United Kingdom by Lady Stamford. As a yearling they were offered for sale and bought for 520 guineas by the Australian sportsman William C. Cooper. The colt was sent into training with George Blackwell in Newmarket, Suffolk.
They were sired by Royal Hampton who won the National Breeders' Produce Stakes and City and Suburban Handicap as well as finishing third in the Epsom Derby. Kirkconnel's dam Sweet Sauce was a descendant of the Warwick Mare, relating them to several major winners including Gladiateur.
Racing career
1894: two-year-old season
Kirkconnel showed early promise when winning the Bedford Two-Year-Old Stakes at Newmarket Racecourse in May, beating the subsequent 1000 Guineas winner Galeottia, and then running third behind the fillies Kissing Cup and Cheery in the New Stakes at Royal Ascot in June. In the July Stakes at Newmarket on 3 July Kirkconnel started odds-on favourite and was an easy winner, coming home two lengths clear of the filly Golden Blaze. On their next appearance Goodwood Racecourse on 1 August Kikconnel started 5/6 favourite for the Lavant Stakes and won by a length from Curzon. Following this performance they were described as a potential Epsom Derby winner.
On 11 October at Newmarket Kirkconnel started 3/1 favourite for the Middle Park Plate but finished fourth behind Speedwell, Keelson and Raconteur. Two weeks later at the same track Kirconnel finished second to Raconteur in the seven furlong Dewhurst Plate. Kirkconnel ended the season with earnings of £3,120.
At the end of the year the colt returned to the sales ring and was bought for 5,000 guineas by John Blundell Maple. Maple moved the horse to the stable of their private trainer Percy Peck and also made a small change in spelling: the colt had previously been known as Kirkconell, but after their acquisition by Maple they were officially renamed Kirkconnel prompting a comment that they were now owned by "a man who knows how to spell".
1895: three-year-old season
In early 1895 J. Day replaced Percy Peck as Maple's private trainer and took over the training of Kirkconnel. On 1 May, Kirkconnel, ridden by John Watts and equipped with blinkers, started at odds of 10/1 in an eight-runner field for the 87th running of the 2000 Guineas over the Rowley Mile. Raconteur started favourite while the best fancied of the other runners were Speedwell, Sir Visto and Laveno. Kirkconnel was restrained towards the rear of the field for most of the way before moving into fourth place behind Sir Visto, Raconteur and Laveno two furlongs from the finish. They produced a strong late run to take the lead well inside the final furlong and won by a length from Laveno, with two lengths back to Sir Visto in third. Their winning time of 1:42.4 eualled the track record set by Isinglass in 1893. Although the colt won in "fine style", Watts was not very enthusiastic after the race, commenting "the best-trained horse won. One of the others might do better next time".
The immediate aftermath of the race Kirkconnel was elevated to favouritism for the Derby Stakes and they were expected to confirm their position when they started 5/4 favourite for the ten-furlong Newmarket Stakes on 15 May. They failed to live up to expectations however and finished fourth of the seven runners behind their unfancied stablemate The Owl. In the Derby over one and a half miles at Epsom Racecourse two weeks later Kirkconnel was ridden by Walter Bradford and started at odds of 100/8. They made steady progress to join the leaders two furlongs out and kept on well to finish third of the fifteen runners, beaten three quarters of a length and half a length by Sir Visto and Curzon. On 9 June they were sent to France to contest the Grand Prix de Paris over 3000 metres at Longchamp Racecourse but made no impact and finished unplaced behind the filly Andree. At the end of June they were narrowly beaten when attempting to concede 22 pounds to the four-year-old Pomade Royale in the Clarence and Avondale Stakes Handicap at Sandown Park.
1896: four-year-old season
Kirkconnel remained in training as a four-year-old in 1896 but recorded no major victories. On 22 April at Epsom they finished unplaced under 122 pounds in the City and Suburban Handicap after being boxed against the rails for most of the race. In June they ran for the second time in the Clarence and Avondale Handicap over nine furlongs in which they finished unplaced under top weight and early in the following month they came home last of eleven behind St Frusquin in the Princess of Wales's Stakes. At Newmarket in October they ran unplaced behind Persimmon in the Jockey Club Stakes.
Stud record
At the end of their racing career Kirkconnel was bought as a potential breeding stallion by the German Government and exported. They began their stud career in Germany but had little success with the best of their offspring probably being the non-Thoroughbred colt Baron Kiki who finished third in the 1906 Deutsches Derby. Kirkconnel died in November 1916 at the Neu-Colln Stud in Germany.
Pedigree
Kirkconnel was inbred 4 × 4 to Pocahontas, meaning that this mare appears twice in the fourth generation of their pedigree.
References
1892 racehorse births
1916 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in the United Kingdom
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Thoroughbred family 5-h
2000 Guineas winners
WCCT may refer to:
WCCT-FM, a radio station (90.3 FM) licensed to Harwich, Massachusetts, United States
WCCT-TV, a television station (channel 33, virtual 20) licensed to Waterbury, Connecticut, United States
WACH, a television station (channel 48/PSIP 57) licensed to Columbia, South Carolina, United States, which used the call sign WCCT-TV from 1985 until 1988
Marc Morris is a member of the Georgia House of Representatives and a member of the Republican Party representing GA House District 26.
Military service
Morris joined the U.S. Navy following their junior year of high school. After training at the Great Lakes Naval Training Center in 1981, they were accepted into the Religious Program Specialist Rating. While in the Navy, Morris was recognized for their contributions to the modernization of IT capabilities for two Flag Officers.
Career
Morris is the founder and president of The Talmadge Group, an information technology firm.
In 2017, Morris announced their intention to fill the House seat of Geoff Duncan, who had left the seat to pursue their successful campaign for lieutenant governor. Morris won the 2017 special election to complete the remainder of Duncan's term in a field with three competitors. Morris was re-elected in 2018. They have since announced that they do not intend to seek a third term in office in 2020.
References
Members of the Georgia House of Representatives
Living people
Georgia (U.S. state) Republicans
Year of birth missing (living people)
Incaspis is a genus of colubrid snakes endemic to South America.<ref>"'Incaspis ". The Reptile Database. www.reptile-database.org.</ref>
Species and geographic rangesIncaspis amaru – EcuadorIncaspis simonsi – Ecuador, PeruIncaspis tachymenoides'' – Chile, Peru
References
Colubrids
Snake genera
The Patagonian sierra finch (Phrygilus patagonicus) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Argentina and Chile.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, and temperate grassland.
Its diet consists mainly of seeds, flower parts, nectar, fruit, and insects, but it has also been seen to forage on human refuse.
References
External links
Patagonian sierra finch
Birds of the Southern Andes
Birds of Patagonia
Patagonian sierra finch
Patagonian sierra finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Antero Alberto Ervedosa de Abreu better known as Antero Abreu (February 22, 1927 – March 15, 2017) was an Angolan lawyer, attorney general, ambassador, author and poet.
Early life and education
Antero de Abreu was born in Luanda, Angola, and completed their primary, secondary and high school studies there. They studied law in Portugal, first in Coimbra and then later in Lisbon. As a student in Lisbon they became the leader of the Casa dos estudantes do Império (House of Students of the Empire).
Career
Activist and poet
As an anti-colonial activist, they began writing poetry on the subject, where it was gradually noticed and picked up by various magazines and publications. They remained a productive writer up until their death.
Angolan Writers Union
They were a founder of the Angolan Writers Union, as well as the Academy of Arts and Social Sciences.
Attorney General and Ambassador
They were also the second Attorney General of then People's Republic of Angola and ambassador to Italy.
Published works
A tua Voz Angola (Your Voice Angola) (1978), Luanda, União dos Escritores Angolanos
Poesia Intermitente (Intermittent Poetry) (1978), (1987, Lisboa, Edições 70)
Permanência (Permanence) (1979), (1987, Lisboa, Edições 70)
Textos sem Pretexto (Texts without Pretext) (1992)
Death
De Abreu died on March 15, 2017, at the age of 90, of an illness.
References
1927 births
2017 deaths
20th-century Angolan poets
People from Luanda
Angolan male poets
20th-century male writers
Ambassadors of Angola to Italy
Attorneys General of Angola
Dead House, also known as Beautiful People, is a 2014 Italian zombie horror film that was directed by Brini Amerigo.
Synopsis
The Pontecorvo family is just settling down to dinner when three thugs, Testamento, Nibbio, and Nibbo's brother Brett, break into their home. They quickly set about capturing the family and forcing them to participate in despicable acts. The thugs are unaware that the scientist father, John Pontecorvo, has been working on an experiment that can bring the dead back to life as savage zombies in the house's basement. These undead are released after Testamento ventures into the basement looking for something to steal. The Pontecorvos are then forced to fight for their lives against not only their human captors but also the undead looking to kill them as well.
Cast
Danny Cutler as Nibbio
Alex Lucchesi as Testamento
Alex Southern as Brett
Kate Davies-Speak as Elena Pontecorvo
David White as John Pontecorvo
James Wiles as Paul Pontecorvo
Vanina Marini as Anna Hicks
Alexandra Antonioli as Sara Hicks
Ettore Nicoletti as Luca Hicks
Production
Filming for Dead House took place in Italy under the title Beautiful People. The movie marked Amerigo's feature film debut. British actor Kate Davies-Speak was brought in to play as Elena, the matriarch of the Pontecorvo family.
Release
The film screened during July 2014 at the 10th Grossmann Fantastic Film and Wine Festival in Slovenia, under the title Beautiful People. It continued to screen at film festivals such as Fantafestival under this name until it received a title change to Dead House for its 2018 release in the United States through Wild Eye Releasing.
Reception
HorrorNews.net reviewed the film under its original and US release titles, with both reviewers noting that the movie had a lot of graphic violence. James Perkins of Starburst praised the film for its blend of genres, as well as for its acting. Modern Horrors felt that the movie "may be uneven, but that doesn't mean it isn't good. This is NOT a traditional zombie flick." Nick Rocco Scalia of Film Threat was critical of the movie, writing that it "might bring to mind something like the bikers/zombies/heroes fracas of the second half of George Romero's Dawn of the Dead, but Dead House has none of that classic film's wit, substance, finely wrought human drama, or beautifully orchestrated mayhem."
References
External links
2014 horror films
Italian zombie films
2014 directorial debut films
Home invasions in film
Nightingale is an album by saxophonist George Adams which was recorded in 1988 and released on the Blue Note label the following year.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states "This is an odd session that should have been much more successful. ... Adams puts plenty of feeling into the melodies, but some really cannot be saved".
Track listing
"Bridge over Troubled Water" (Paul Simon) – 7:18
"What a Wonderful World" (George Douglas, George David Weiss) – 5:27
"Cry Me a River" (Arthur Hamilton) – 4:35
"A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square" (Manning Sherwin, Eric Maschwitz) – 9:58
"Moon River" (Henry Mancini, Johnny Mercer) – 5:57
"Precious Lord, Take My Hand" (Thomas A. Dorsey) – 3:42
"Ol' Man River" (Oscar Hammerstein II, Jerome Kern) – 7:42
"Going Home" (Antonín Dvořák) – 5:04
Personnel
George Adams – tenor saxophone, soprano saxophone, flute
Hugh Lawson – piano
Sirone – bass
Victor Lewis – drums
References
Blue Note Records albums
George Adams (musician) albums
1989 albums
William "Bill" Dougherty (April 6, 1932 – July 3, 2010) was an American business person, lobbyist, and Democratic politician who was the 31st Lieutenant Governor of South Dakota from 1971 to 1975.
Early life and education
Dougherty graduated from South Dakota State University in 1954. Before entering politics, Dougherty spent many years in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, working as a stockman, buying and selling cattle. In the late 1950s, they befriended the Kennedy family, enabling their rise in politics.
Political career
In 1960, they worked on Massachusetts Senator John F. Kennedy's presidential campaign, meeting Kennedy's brother, future Senator Ted Kennedy, during that campaign. Although John F. Kennedy won the presidency that year, the Republican nominee, Richard Nixon, won South Dakota's four electoral votes. In 1968, Dougherty managed New York Senator Robert F. Kennedy's South Dakota campaign for the Democratic nomination for the presidency; with Dougherty at the helm, Kennedy won the South Dakota primary on the same day they won the California primary. However, Kennedy was assassinated in Los Angeles, California that night; Dougherty had spoken to them on the telephone twice shortly before the assassination. One of those calls, in which Kennedy congratulated their South Dakotan supporters over a speaker phone, was taped by Dougherty and eventually preserved on a compact disc. Also in 1968, Dougherty managed first-year student Democratic Senator George McGovern's successful re-election campaign.
Four years later, Dougherty held a major post in McGovern's unsuccessful campaign for the presidency. After receiving the Democratic nomination, McGovern replaced their running mate, Missouri Senator Thomas Eagleton, with former Ambassador to France Sargent Shriver of Maryland, after being urged to do so by Dougherty, among others.
In a 1973 book, Neil R. Peirce described their 1969 interview of Dougherty:
...With their lean figure, Western blue jeans, cowboy hat, and boots, they look as if they would be more at home in a Marlboro cigarette ad than working closely with the sophisticated Kennedy clan of the old East. ... When I first interviewed Dougherty in 1969, I was amazed by their confidence that the South Dakota Democratic party of the 1970s could become consistently competitive with the GOP, building a coalition of farmers, college people, intellectual suburbanites, and labor and cutting down the Republican edge in the cities. The breakdown of South Dakota's insularity through television and travel was leading in that direction, Dougherty argued; they said their own attitudes on race were greatly altered by travel with Bobby Kennedy to the ghettos of the great cities and subsequently by the nine-hour ride on Bobby's funeral train from New York to Washington, watching impoverished blacks and others who lined the train platforms in 100-degree to honor their fallen hero.
Dougherty also served as a member of the Democratic National Committee; when they first joined the committee, they are, at the age of 36, its youngest member.
Lieutenant governor
Dougherty was elected Lieutenant Governor of South Dakota in 1970, running on a ticket with State Senator Richard F. Kneip. Kneip and Dougherty were re-elected in 1972. In 1974, Dougherty unsuccessfully challenged Kneip for the Democratic nomination for governor, and then retired from public office. They were succeeded as lieutenant governor by Harvey L. Wollman in 1975.
Lobbyist
After leaving public office, Dougherty launched a lengthy lobbying career in Pierre, the state capital. They became one of the state's best-known lobbyists; veteran state legislator Bernie Hunhoff has described Dougherty's lobbying career as "colorful." Dougherty spent a good deal of their career representing liquor and tobacco interests.
More recently, Dougherty represented the South Dakota Petroleum Marketers on a task force on open government put together by South Dakota Attorney General Larry Long. The task force reviewed statutory limits on public access to state and local government records. They retired from their lobbying career in 2009. They were inducted into the South Dakota Hall of Fame in September 2009.
In 2010, they died of cancer in Sioux Falls.
References
Lieutenant Governors of South Dakota
South Dakota Democrats
Politicians from Sioux Falls, South Dakota
1932 births
2010 deaths
Deaths from cancer in South Dakota
Kent Peak, at above sea level is the second highest peak in the Boulder Mountains of Idaho. Located on the border of Blaine and Custer counties, Kent Peak is about south of the range's highest point, Ryan Peak. The peak is also on the border of Sawtooth National Recreation Area and Salmon-Challis National Forest and partially within the Hemingway–Boulders Wilderness. It is the 34th highest peak in Idaho.
The primary route to Kent Peak begins north of Ketchum along Idaho State Highway 75 at the Sawtooth National Recreation Area headquarters. Take national forest road 146 north from the headquarters until you reach the trailhead at the end of the road. Trail 115 ascends the ridge to the west of Kent Peak, but the primary class 3 route follows the south ridge.
See also
Kent Peak (Boundary County, Idaho) - The other Kent peak in Idaho
List of mountains of Idaho
List of mountain peaks of Idaho
List of mountain ranges in Idaho
List of U.S. states by elevation
References
External links
Mountains of Idaho
Mountains of Custer County, Idaho
Salmon-Challis National Forest
Sawtooth National Forest
The Vardariotai (), sometimes Anglicized as Vardariots, were an ethnic and territorial group (probably originally of Magyar origin) in the later Byzantine Empire, which provided a palace guard regiment during the twelfth and thirteenth centuries.
History
The exact origin and nature of the Vardariotai is uncertain. The name first appears in the tenth century, when a bishopric of the "Vardariotai or Tourkoi" is mentioned as subject to the diocese of Thessalonica. The mid-fourteenth century writer Pseudo-Kodinos calls them "Persians" by race (a typical Byzantine anachronism for "Turks"), and recalls that they were settled in the Vardar river valley by an unnamed Byzantine emperor of old. In both cases, however, "Turks" probably implies the Magyars, who were called "Tourkoi" by the Byzantines in the tenth–eleventh centuries. Hence it seems that the Vardariotai were Magyars resettled in Macedonia in the tenth century, and that they had become Christians by the end of that century.
By the twelfth century, the Vardariotai, their Magyar identity by now much diluted, were being recruited into the Byzantine army, and, at the latest during the latter part of the reign of Emperor Manuel I Komnenos (r. 1143–1180), they were formed into a distinct palace guard regiment. Their functions, however, at least in the Palaiologan period, appear to have been more those of a police force than a military unit: Pseudo-Kodinos lists them not with the guards, but with the unarmed palace personnel, and states that their duty was "to keep people orderly" during ceremonies. Unlike the armed members of the Varangian Guard and the Paramonai regiment, they were equipped only with a whip (the manglabion) and a staff (the dekanikion). Kodinos also records that they wore distinctive red uniforms and a "Persian" hat called angouroton ("cucumber-shaped"), and that the whip, hanging at their belt, was their symbol. This latter reference has led to the hypothesis that the Vardariotai were the replacement of the older Manglabites guards corps. They were commanded by a primikerios, first attested in the year 1166. The thirteenth-century historian George Akropolites further states that the Vardariotai accompanied the Byzantine emperor to their military camp whilst on campaign.
It is unclear whether and how the vardarioi, administrative officials of Thessalonica in the tenth–eleventh centuries, known through their seals, are related to the Vardariotai.
See also
Komnenian Byzantine army
Palaiologan Byzantine army
References
Sources
Guards units of the Byzantine Empire
Medieval Macedonia
Military units and formations established in the 12th century
The Liberty Legacy Foundation Award is an annual book award given by the Organization of American Historians (OAH). The award goes to the best book written by a professional historian on the fights for civil rights in the United States anytime from 1776 to the present. Dr. Darlene Clark Hine challenged American historians to research and write on those civil rights episodes taking place in the United States before 1954 in their 2002 OAH presidential speech. A committee of three OAH members, chosen by the OAH president, make the selection. As of 2018, the committee chair is Paul Ortiz, with both Carol Anderson and Charles McKinney rounding out the committee. The Award Winner receives a monetary prize that ranges $1000 and $2000. In the Award's first year (2003), a single Winner and six Finalists were named. In 2004, two Winners were named. In 2006 and 2017, one Winner and one Honorable Mention were named for each year. In 2008, one Winner and two Finalists were named.
List of Award Winners
In the table below, the link on the "Author" is to the latest biographical site found. The link on the "Affiliation" is the author's workplace at the time of the award.
List of Award Finalists and Honorable Mentions
References
External links
Paul Ortiz Last viewed on June 11, 2018.
Carol Anderson Last viewed on June 11, 2018.
Charles McKinney Last viewed on June 11, 2018.
J. Mills Thornton Last viewed on March 9, 2011.
Greta de Jong Last viewed on March 9, 2011.
Jerald E. Podair Last viewed on March 9, 2011.
John D. Skrentny Last viewed on March 9, 2011.
Robert Rodgers Korstad Last viewed on March 9, 2011.
About Dr. Barbara Ransby Last viewed on March 9, 2011.
Nikhil Pal Singh Last viewed on March 9, 2011.
Matthew J. Countryman Last viewed on March 9, 2011.
Emilye Crosby Last viewed on March 9, 2011.
Thomas F. Jackson Last viewed on March 9, 2011.
Michael Honey Last viewed on March 9, 2011.
Kent Germany Last viewed on March 10, 2011.
Laurie Green Last viewed on March 10, 2011.
Chris Myers Asch with the U.S. Public Service Academy Last viewed on March 10, 2011.
Beryl Satter Last viewed on March 10, 2011.
Chad Williams Last viewed on June 11, 2018.
Tomiko Brown-Nagin Last viewed on June 11, 2018.
Andrew W. Kahrl Last viewed on June 11, 2018.
Susan D. Carle Last viewed on June 11, 2018.
N. B. D. Connolly Last viewed on June 11, 2018.
Tanisha C. Ford Last viewed on June 11, 2018.
Russell J. Rickford Last viewed on June 11, 2018.
Elizabeth Hinton Last viewed on June 11, 2018.
Ula Yvette Taylor Last viewed on June 11, 2018.
Awards established in 2003
History books about the United States
History of African-American civil rights
American literary awards
The Sky Kings was an American country music supergroup formed in 1991 as Four-Wheel Drive. The band consisted of John Cowan, Bill Lloyd, Patrick Simmons and Rusty Young. They were signed to a recording deal with RCA Nashville and completed an album which for the label was never released.
Warner Bros. Records signed the group in 1993. Threatened with lawsuits from bands who had copyrighted the name Four-Wheel Drive, they secured the rights to the name The Sky Kings. After opening for The Doobie Brothers on their 1993 tour, Simmons left The Sky Kings to rejoin The Doobie Brothers. Now a trio, The Sky Kings released three singles on Warner Bros.: "Picture Perfect," "Fooled Around and Fell in Love" (a cover of the Elvin Bishop hit) and "That Just About Says It All." "Picture Perfect" was the only single to chart, peaking at No. 52 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. An eponymous album was scheduled to be released in 1997, but eventually shelved. Rhino Handmade released From Out of the Blue, an album which collected the entire unreleased 1997 Warner Bros. album, non-album Warner Bros. singles, and recordings and demos made for a second unreleased Warner Bros. album, in 2000.
Discography
Albums
Singles
Music videos
References
External links
[ allmusic ((( The Sky Kings > Overview )))]
American country music groups
Warner Records artists
American musical trios
Musical groups established in 1991
Musical groups disestablished in 1997
Country music supergroups
1991 establishments in the United States
American supergroups
Fisher Run is a tributary of Catawissa Creek in Columbia County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Main Township and Beaver Township. The stream is impaired by acid mine drainage. It is considered to be a high-quality coldwater fishery and Class A Wild Trout Waters. The watershed of the stream has an area of .
Course
Fisher Run begins on Catawissa Mountain in southwestern Main Township. The stream flows east in a valley and crosses a road within a few tenths of a mile. A short distance later, it turns northeast for well over a mile. It eventually crosses Fisher Run Road and then Iron Bridge Road. Immediately after crossing Iron Bridge Road, the stream turns southeast and enters Beaver Township. In Beaver Township, the stream almost immediately reaches its confluence with Catawissa Creek.
Fisher Run joins Catawissa Creek upstream of its mouth.
Tributaries
Fisher Run has one unnamed tributary. It is known as "Trib 27549 To Fisher Run".
Hydrology
Fisher Run is considered to be impaired by acid mine drainage and metals. It is one of several streams and creeks in the watershed of Catawissa Creek with this impairment. The pH of the stream is between 6.0 and 6.9. The total concentration of alkalinity is 4 milligrams per liter.
Geography and geology
The elevation near the mouth of Fisher Run is above sea level. The elevation of the stream's source is approximately above sea level.
Most of the upper reaches of the watershed of Fisher Run are on rock of the Pocono Formation and most of the lower reaches are on rock of the Mauch Chunk Formation. However, the southern part of the watershed is on rock of the Spechty Kopf Formation and the Buddys Run Member of the Catskill Formation.
The main soils in the watershed of Fisher Run are the Leck Kill soil, the Hazleton soil, and the Watson soil.
Watershed, history, and etymology
The watershed of Fisher Run has an area of . Most of the watershed is in Main Township. However, substantial areas of it are in Catawissa Township and Roaring Creek Township. A small portion of the watershed is in Beaver Township.
The upper reaches and most of the rest of the watershed of Fisher Run are in Pennsylvania State Game Lands Number 58. However, the stream flows through agricultural land in its lower reaches.
Fisher Run is most likely named after Isaac Fisher.
Biology
The Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection considers Fisher Run to be a high-quality coldwater fishery. It is also considered by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission to be Class A Wild Trout Waters between its headwaters and its mouth. The stream is inhabited by brook trout, which also reproduce naturally throughout the stream.
See also
Scotch Run (Catawissa Creek), next tributary of Catawissa Creek going downstream
Mine Gap Run, next tributary of Catawissa Creek going upstream
List of tributaries of Catawissa Creek
References
External links
Map of the Catawissa Creek watershed
Rivers of Columbia County, Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Catawissa Creek
Rivers of Pennsylvania
(born 1960) is a Japanese contemporary artist, filmmaker, and film producer. Hirakawa works in a variety of media including photography, performance and installation. They were born in 1960 in Fukuoka, Japan and now lives and works in New York City.
Hirakawa's photographs are described as "erotic and intimate". Stating that "the sexual revolution is over and the Puritans won", Hirakawa's work challenges mainstream conceptions of sexuality, and the assumption that expressions of male heterosexual desire are oppressive and objectifying. Their architectural photographs, unusually featuring prominent models, challenge the viewer to consider the meaning of architecture on modern urban life. In 2005, a site-specific performance entitled In Search of a Purple Heart, utilising fragments of interviews from Vietnam War veterans quoted by partially nude performers, was described as an "intense compilation of atmospheres" whose author was "intent on infecting the seductive surfaces that dominate our culture [...] with the rot of our culture's collective guilt."
Noritoshi Hirakawa has exhibited their work in a variety of galleries, including the Museum of Contemporary Art, Tokyo, the Pompidou Centre, Paris, MoMA PS1 in New York City, multiple galleries in New York, Kunsthalle Wien in Vienna, the Art & Public Contemporary Art Gallery, Geneva, the Gallerie Ferdinand van Dieten in Amsterdam, the Christophe Guye Galerie in Zurich, and in Köln. They were invited to present their work at the SMAK, Ghent in Belgium during the group-exhibition “Casino 2001” and the Museum für Moderne Kunst in Frankfurt included the work “Dreams of Tokyo” in its permanent collection. Additional works by Hirakawa in permanent collections include: "Woman Children and Japanese" at The Sandretto Re Rebaudengo Art Collection, Turin, Italy, "Garden of Nirvana" at MOCA Los Angeles, and "Reconfirmation" at Hamburger Bahnhof Museum für Gegenwart, Berlin.
References
External links
Deitch Projects - Noritoshi Hirakawa - The Reason of Life (1998)
Deitch Projects - Arto Lindsay, Noritoshi Hirakawa - Shower in the Dark (2002)
Hirakawa at Wako Works of Art
The Guardian - Them Dark Materials (2004)
Nanzuka Underground - Noritoshi Hirakawa
Paris Art - Luis Barragan x Noritoshi Hirakawa
1960 births
Living people
Japanese photographers
Japanese contemporary artists
The Mississippi College Choctaws are the athletic teams of Mississippi College. The Choctaws are full members of the Gulf South Conference. The college sponsors teams in football, basketball (men's and women's), baseball, softball, tennis (men's & women's), golf (men's & women's), soccer (women's), volleyball, track and field (men's outdoor & women's indoor & outdoor), cross-country running (men's & women's), equestrian (women's), and table tennis (men's & women's).
History
The philosophy of intercollegiate athletics at Mississippi College is much the same as the vision statement of Mississippi College. The vision statement reads: "Mississippi College seeks to be a university recognized for academic excellence and commitment to the cause of Christ.”
For years Mississippi College was a dominant force in NCAA Division II athletics. MC won the Division II National Championship in 1989, however, Mississippi College's football tournament participation, along with its NCAA Division II national football championship, were vacated by the NCAA Committee on Infractions for recruiting violations.
The Board of Trustees of Mississippi College voted in March 1995 for the university to become a member of Division III of the National Collegiate Athletic Association in the fall of 1997.
Mississippi College currently sponsors 16 sports. Since their transition to Division III in 1997, the Choctaws have won 25 American Southwest Conference championships. In 2007, the College won conference championships in women's cross-country and men's basketball.
On July 11, 2014 the NCAA approved Mississippi College entering their second year of NCAA Division II candidacy. They became full members of NCAA Division II and a full Gulf South Conference member in 2016–17.
Mississippi College's biggest rivalry is with Millsaps College in nearby Jackson. After a more than 40-year hiatus, the two teams began meeting on the football field again in 2000. The rivalry is dubbed the Backyard Brawl.
Man 's
Baseball
Basketball
Cross-Country
Football
Golf
Soccer
Table Tennis
Tennis
Track
Woman 's
Basketball
Cross-Country
Equestrian
Golf
Soccer
Softball
Table Tennis
Tennis
Track
Volleyball
Baseball
Mississippi College has had 2 Major League Baseball Draft selections since the draft began in 1965.
Athletic facilities
In the summer of 2005 Mississippi College opened new athletic practice fields which support soccer and football. Plans include expansion in the near future which will add an extra practice field as well as two new intramural fields for student flag football, soccer, and general student use.
Choctaw nickname
In a letter dated February 17, 2006, Mississippi College received word that the NCAA has removed its policy restrictions in the use of the name Choctaw for MC athletics. The school did stop using the former mascot, Chief Choc.
Lee Royce, president of the college said, "We are pleased with the ruling from the NCAA giving their approval of our request to remove Mississippi College from the list of institutions subject to the policy's restrictions. We are very appreciative of the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians' support of our use of the Choctaw name, and look forward to continuing our mutual relationship of respect and cooperation."
Rev. Montie Davis of Pascagoula, MS came up with the mascot name "Choctaws" while attending college at Mississippi College. Prior to being named the Choctaws the schools football team was called the "Collegians." The 1921 football teams went 7–2–1 with wins over Tulane University and the University of Mississippi and also a tie with the University of Florida. After this great year the students at Mississippi College decided that the name Collegians just did not fit the team and decided to hold a contest for where students could submit possible nicknames which would be voted on. Rev. Davis found that an old Choctaw trail crossed the campus and it was part of the original Natchez Trace, so they entered the name "Choctaws." Their suggestion, plus three other – Yellowjackets, Dutchies, and Warriors – were among the final four to be voted on. Rev. Davis was quick to point out to their fellow students why three of the names would not be acceptable. "Yellowjackets," they said, "were good only in dry weather" and just the week before the football team had played on a muddy and wet field. Dutchies was in honor of the president of MC, Dr. J.W. Provine, and wouldn't mean anything to people outside the school. Warriors? What Warriors? Rev. Davis let the students know that the Choctaws were known for their bravery, fair play, had speed to burn, could run like deer, and could swim like a fish if needed. After the final vote was cast, the name "Choctaws" was the clear winner and the school has been called that ever since the 1921 season.
References
External links
James or Jim Forbes may refer to:
Politicians
James Alexander Forbes (1805–1881), British vice-consul to Mexican California and founder of the town of Los Gatos
James Forbes (statesman) (c. 1731–1780), U.S. statesman, Continental Congressman for Maryland
James Fraser Forbes (1820–1887), Canadian Member of Parliament
James Randy Forbes (born 1952), U.S. Representative from Virginia
James Forbes (basketball) (born 1952), U.S. basketball player, Olympic medalist
Jim Forbes (Australian politician) (1923–2019), former Australian politician
Sportspeople
James Forbes (basketball) (1952-2022), American basketball player
Jim C. Forbes (1908–1981), Australian rules footballer for St Kilda
Jim Forbes (footballer) (1908–1996), Australian rules footballer for South Melbourne
Military
James Forbes (hospital inspector) (1779–1837), Scottish inspector-general of army hospitals
James Forbes, 17th Lord Forbes (1765–1843), Scottish colonel
James Forbes-Robertson (1884–1955), English recipient of the Victoria Cross for their service in World War I
Religion
James Forbes (divine) (c. 1629–1712), Scottish nonconformist minister
James Forbes (minister) (1813–1851), Australian clergyman and educator
James A. Forbes (born 1935), Senior Minister of New York's Riverside Church
Others
James Forbes, 16th Lord Forbes (died 1804), Scottish nobleman
James Forbes (artist) (1749–1819), British artist
James Forbes (botanist) (1773–1861), British gardener and botanist
James Forbes (portrait painter) (1797–1881), Scottish-American portrait painter
James David Forbes (1809–1868), Scottish physicist
James Staats Forbes (1823–1904), Scottish railway engineer, railway administrator and art collector
James Forbes (playwright) (1871–1938), Canadian-American writer
James Forbes (storekeeper) (1828–1906), early Western Australian settler
Jim Forbes (journalist) (born 1955), American writer, producer and correspondent
In Indian classical music, Sampūrṇa rāgas (संपूर्ण, Sanskrit for 'complete', also spelt as sampoorna) have all seven swaras in their scale. In general, the swaras in the Arohana and Avarohana strictly follow the ascending and descending scale as well. That is, they do not have vakra swara phrases (वक्र, meaning 'crooked').
In Carnatic music, the Melakarta ragas are all sampurna ragas, but the converse is not true, i.e., all sampurna ragas are not Melakarta ragas. An example is Bhairavi raga in Carnatic music (different from the Bhairavi of Hindustani music). Some examples of Melakarta ragas are Mayamalavagowla, Todi, Sankarabharanam and Kharaharapriya.
References
Ragas in Carnatic music by Dr. S. Bhagyalekshmy, Pub. 1990, CBH Publications
Raganidhi by P. Subba Rao, Pub. 1964, The Music Academy of Madras
Hindustani music terminology
Carnatic music terminology
Henry Scrope, 9th Baron Scrope of Bolton, KG (c. 1534 – 13 June 1592) was the son and heir of John Scrope, 8th Baron Scrope of Bolton and Catherine Clifford, daughter of Henry Clifford, 1st Earl of Cumberland.
Life
Henry Scrope, a loyal supporter of Elizabeth I, was Marshal of the Army during the siege of Leith in 1559 which saw the end of the "Auld Alliance" between Scotland and France. They were appointed Warden of the West Marches and Captain of Carlisle from 1562 until the end of their life.
In April 1568 Mary, Queen of Scots fled across the Solway Firth to England after losing the Battle of Langside. They landed at Workington, travelling from there to Cockermouth and from thence to Carlisle. Scrope was at court at the time, but hurried north with Sir Francis Knollys to take charge of them After a brief imprisonment in Carlisle Castle Mary was moved with a large retinue of servants to Lord Scrope's home in Yorkshire, Bolton Castle. Six months later they were moved on to Tutbury Castle.
In 1569, in the abortive Rising of the North, the Catholic Northern Earls rebelled with the objective of releasing Mary, Queen of Scots from their imprisonment at Tutbury and reinstating the old religion with Mary as queen. As Captain of Carlisle Scrope was involved in the suppression of the rising. They were made a Knight of the Garter in 1584.
In September 1589 James VI of Scotland was expecting their wife Anne of Denmark to sail to Scotland. Scrope sent "a brace of verie fatt stagges redy baked" to Edinburgh, and sought out a company of their majesty's players who were in Lancashire to send to Scotland. The bride was delayed and these preparations were wasted. James VI wrote to Scrope on 22 October 1589 outlining arrangements for governance in Scotland while they sailed to Norway, especially as the Scottish border warden Sir John Carmichael was going with him. Scrope wrote to William Asheby, the English ambassador in Scotland, saying they could hardly believe the news that the Scottish king was sailing to Norway.
They died in Carlisle on 13 June 1592 and was succeeded by their eldest son Thomas Scrope, 10th Baron Scrope of Bolton. After their death in 1592 queen Elizabeth wrote a letter praising their loyal service.
Family
Their first wife was Mary, daughter of Edward North, 1st Baron North, who died in 1558. By them they had a daughter Mary, who married William Bowes of Streatlam.
They married as their second wife Margaret Howard, daughter of Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey and Frances de Vere. They had two sons, the eldest of which was their heir, Thomas.
References
Sources
1592 deaths
1530s births
16th-century English soldiers
Knights of the Garter
Henry
16th-century English nobility
9
Jo Ling Kent (born May 11, 1984) is an American reporter.  They are currently a correspondent for NBC News, and previously worked as a reporter on Fox Business Network, ABC, and CNN.
Early life and education
Jo Ling Kent was born in San Francisco, California to Shean Yen Janice Kent and David Kent, and raised in Minnetonka, Minnesota. There, they attended Hopkins High School. They were an undergraduate at Rice University and earned graduate degrees in international affairs from both the London School of Economics and Peking University. Kent was also a Fulbright scholar at Peking University Law School Center.
Career
In 2008, after graduating from college, Kent worked as a translator and writer for ABC News in Beijing. Kent would return to Beijing to work for CNN as an associate producer after graduating from the London School of Economics. On February 27, 2011 while working as a field producer during the 2011 Chinese pro-democracy protests in Beijing, Kent and CNN reporter Eunice Yoon were detained by police in Wangfujing for half an hour. They had been reporting on the protests when an officer knocked Kent's camera out of their hands and physically forced them into a bank where they were detaining several other journalists.
In 2012, Kent joined NBC's affiliate WVIT in Connecticut as a field reporter and blogger. There they extensively covered the 2012 presidential election as an embedded reporter, and their team won a Peabody Award for coverage of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting. They joined Fox Business Network in 2013 as a technology reporter.
Since 2016, Kent has been a correspondent with NBC News. In June, 2020, Kent was in the field reporting on the George Floyd protests in Seattle, Washington when they were hit on-air by a Seattle Police Department flash-bang grenade. The device burnt part of their clothing but they were not significantly injured.
During their second pregnancy in April, 2021, Kent received a COVID-19 vaccine shot on air during a report about the vaccine and pregnancy.
Personal life
Kent has been married to Scott Conroy, an author and reporter for HuffPost, since 2015. The couple have two daughters, one born in 2018 and another in April 2021.
 They are fluent in Mandarin Chinese.
References
External links
Jo Ling Kent on Muck Rack
1984 births
Living people
NBC News people
American television hosts
American women television journalists
American television reporters and correspondents
American women television presenters
Peking University alumni
Rice University alumni
Hopkins High School alumni
21st-century American women
Blackwater Creek travels through part of Hillsborough County, Florida. It is a tributary of the Hillsborough River.
The Blackwater Creek Preserve, a 1,200 acre conservation area, protects a section of it in this area. The preserve includes trails.
References
Rivers of Florida
Rivers of Hillsborough County, Florida
Edward Ellsworth Muhl (February 17, 1907 - April 22, 2001) was an American business person and executive best known for being head of production for Universal Pictures from 1953 until their retirement in 1973.
According to one writer, they played key roles in some of the studio's most important decisions. Muhl's contributions range from the technical (he was instrumental in persuading studio heads to shoot most of their films in Technicolor rather than the cheaper black-and-white) to the purely business (he made the deal that allowed MCA to purchase Universal in the early 1960s).
Career
Muhl began their career at Universal in 1927 in the cost accounting department. They became studio business manager and remained in the role until 1934 when they became head of the legal department, despite not being a lawyer. They moved into production in 1936. When William Goetz and Leo Spitz's International Pictures merged with Universal to form Universal-International in 1947, Muhl was appointed general manager of studio operations.
In 1953, Muhl was appointed general production executive under Goetz. Later that year they became vice president in charge of production for the studio, replacing Goetz and Spitz, who had run Universal for seven years.
Muhl oversaw a period of expansion for Universal. The studio enjoyed a successful run of films, primarily comedies (such as those starring Doris Day) and melodramas. When MCA Inc. took over Universal in 1962, other executives shared responsibility for production although the phrase "Edward Muhl In Charge Of Production" appeared on the new Universal logo starting in 1963, a throwback to an industry practice that had largely faded since the 1940s. They were also credited with influential support of the films of Douglas Sirk and Ross Hunter, as well as supporting the blacklisted writer Dalton Trumbo's right to screenplay credit on Spartacus.
In 1970, they shifted to make independent productions for the studio. At the time, they were the longest serving production head in recent Hollywood history.
Personal life
Muhl's granddaughter is Taylor Muhl.  They are a singer/songwriter known as a public advocate for human Chimerism.
Death
Muhl died on April 22, 2001, at the age of 94. Their death took place at their Los Angeles, CA home, surrounded by their family.
Selected films produced in the Muhl period
Touch of Evil (1958)
Operation Petticoat (1959)
Imitation of Life (1959)
Lover Come Back
That Touch of Mink (1962)
Man's Favorite Sport (1964)
American Graffiti (1973)
References
External links
1907 births
2001 deaths
20th-century American businesspeople
American film studio executives
"Joyful, Joyful" is a song by contemporary Christian music band Casting Crowns from their fourth studio album Until the Whole World Hears (2009). Written by Mark Hall and Bernie Herms and produced by Mark A. Miller, the song is a re-interpretation of the hymn "Joyful, Joyful We Adore Thee" and Ludwig van Beethoven's Symphony No. 9. "Joyful, Joyful", a CCM and alternative CCM song, is driven by a string section that has been compared to Coldplay's song "Viva la Vida". It received positive reviews from music critics and received airplay over the 2010 Christmas season, peaking at number three on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
Background and recording
"Joyful, Joyful", is a rearrangement of the hymn "Joyful, Joyful We Adore Thee" (itself a re-arrangement of a theme from Beethoven). Hall felt that there are many Christian songs that have been around and sung so long that the meaning behind them is lost; they commented that "you hear them so many times you don't really hear what they're saying anymore", listing the original version of "Joyful, Joyful We Adore Thee" as an example.
Although the song is a re-interpretation of "Joyful, Joyful We Adore Thee", Mark Hall and Bernie Herms are credited with writing the song. It was produced by Mark A. Miller and recorded by Sam Hewitt, Michael Hewitt, and Dale Oliver at Zoo Studio in Franklin, Tennessee; the string instrument tracks were recorded by John Painter and Leslie Richter at Ocean Way in Nashville, Tennessee. Digital editing was handled by Michael Hewitt, while mixing was handled by Sam Hewitt. The song was mastered by Andrew Mendelson, Shelly Anderson, Natthaphol Abhigantaphand and Daniel Bacigalupi at Georgetown Masters in Nashville.
Composition
"Joyful, Joyful" is a song with a length of four minutes and twenty-eight seconds. According to the sheet music published by Musicnotes.com, "Joyful, Joyful" is a CCM and alternative CCM set in common time in the key of F major with a tempo of 120 beats per minute. Mark Hall's vocal range in the song spans from the low note of B3 to the high note of F5. The song has regarded as a re-invention of "Joyful, Joyful We Adore Thee" and Beethoven's Symphony No. 9, the song alters the format of the former, rearranging the song's overall structure while adding a chorus. "Joyful, Joyful" is led by a "driving" and "pulsing" string section that has been compared to Coldplay's "Viva la Vida". Mark Hall felt that the band's arrangement brought out the message of one of the song's final verses ("God our Father/Christ our brother/all who live in love are thine/teach us how to love each other/and fill us to the joy divine"); Hall described the message by saying "God's our father and Christ's our brother, we have this connection with God. But if we can't love each other, the joy isn't completed. Its not real joy yet until we know how to love the people that are around us".
Critical reception
"Joyful, Joyful" received positive reviews from music critics. Andrew Greer of CCM Magazine praised the song as a "fitting ode" to Beethoven's Symphony No. 9. Roger Ham of Christianity Today praised it as one of the best songs off of Until the Whole World Hears. Tony Cummings of Cross Rhythms praised the song as having "the same kind of string arrangement which made Coldplay's 'Viva La Vida' so enjoyable". Debra Akins of Gospel Music Channel regarded the song as a highlight of the album. Roger Gelwicks of Jesus Freak Hideout, while describing the song as "interesting", felt that it wasn't much of an improvement over the rest of the album.
Chart performance
"Joyful, Joyful" received airplay over the 2010 Christmas season, debuting at number forty-two on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart for the chart week of December 11, 2010. In its fifth week on the chart, the chart week of January 8, 2011, it reached its peak position of number three.
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from the album liner notes for Until the Whole World Hears.
Recording
Recorded Zoo Studio in Franklin, Tennessee.
Strings recorded at Ocean Way in Nashville, Tennessee.
Casting Crowns
Hector Cervantes - Electric guitar
Juan DeVevo - Acoustic guitar, electric guitar
Melodee DeVevo - Violin, background vocals
Megan Garrett - Piano, keyboard, background vocals
Mark Hall - Vocals
Chris Huffman - Bass guitar
Brian Scoggin - Drums
Production
Natthaphol Abhigantaphand - Mastering assistant
Shelley Anderson - Mastering assistant
Daniel Bacigalupi - Mastering assistant
Terry Hemmings - Executive producer
Michael Hewitt - Recording, digital editing
Sam Hewitt - Recording, mixing
Andrew Mendelson - Mastering
Mark A. Miller - Producer
Dale Oliver - Additional recording
John Painter - Recording
Leslie Richter - Recording assistant
Charts
References
Casting Crowns songs
2009 songs
Songs written by Mark Hall (musician)
Songs written by Bernie Herms
Hsipaw Township is a township of Kyaukme District in the Shan State of eastern Burma. The main town is Hsipaw.
References
Townships of Shan State
Webbhelix multilineata is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
References
Polygyridae
Gastropods described in 1821
Janos Skorzeny is the name of two unrelated fictional characters appearing in American horror television productions:
Janos Skorzeny (played by Barry Atwater), a vampire stalking Las Vegas in the 1972 American Broadcasting Company television film The Night Stalker
Janos Skorzeny (played by Chuck Connors), the chief of a werewolf clan in the 1987-88 Fox Broadcasting Company television series Werewolf
Ivan Grigoryevich Istomin (; February 7, 1917 – 1988) was a Nenets and Komi writer.
Personal life
Istomin was born into a family of Komi fishermen. In 1934, they graduated from the seven-year middle school in Muzhi. They graduated with distinction from the national pedagogical institute in Salekhard four years later, in 1938. While studying at the pedagogical institute, they helped organize the institute's literary society.
Career
From 1938 to 1950, they taught Russian, Nenets and drawing at schools in the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug. After that, they worked as the sub-editor for the Nenets-language newspaper "Nyaryana Ngerm". In 1955, they were admitted to the Soviet Union of Writers. From 1958 to 1965, they served as the assistant managing editor of national literature at the Tyumen Publishing House.
In 1936, a local newspaper published their first poem ”Reindeer”. Later on, their poems and short stories were published in literary magazines such as Siberian Lights, Druzhba Narodov, Ural, Neva, Voyvyv kodzuv. In 1953, Our North, Istomin's first anthology of Nenets poems, was published as a stand-alone edition. Since then, more than 20 editions of their short stories, novellas, and novels, including their novels Zhivun and Vstany-trava, have been published in Russian, Nenets and Komi. In addition to their literary talents, Istomin also studied painting and two of their paintings are on display in the local museum in Salehkard.
Honours and awards
Order of the Badge of Honour (February 2, 1967)
See also
Yamal to Its Descendants
Maria Barmich
References
Yamal writers - Istomin
Nenets-language writers
Komi-language writers
Nenets-language poets
Komi-language poets
20th-century Russian writers
People from Shuryshkarsky District
1917 births
1988 deaths
Soviet poets
Russian male poets
Soviet male writers
20th-century Russian male writers
Soviet short story writers
Soviet novelists
20th-century short story writers
Sahitya Akademi Award is given each year, since 1955, by the Sahitya Akademi, India's National Academy of Letters, to writers and their works, for their outstanding contribution to the upliftment of Indian literature and Punjabi literature in particular. it as well as for translations. This is the second highest literary award of India, after Jnanpith Award. No awards were given in years, 1957, 1958, 1960, 1966.
Recipients
References
External links
Punjabi-language writers
Punjabi literature
From 5 June 2021 to 13 January 2022, the government of Nigeria officially banned Twitter, which restricted it from operating in the country. The ban occurred after Twitter deleted tweets made by, and temporarily suspended, the Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari, warning the southeastern people of Nigeria, predominantly Igbo people, of a potential repeat of the 1967 Biafran Civil War due to the ongoing insurgency in Southeastern Nigeria. The Nigerian government claimed that the deletion of the president's tweets factored into their decision, but it was ultimately based on "a litany of problems with the social media platform in Nigeria, where misinformation and fake news spread through it have had real world violent consequences", citing the persistent use of the platform for activities that are capable of undermining Nigeria's corporate existence.
The ban was condemned by Amnesty International, the British, Canadian and Swedish diplomatic missions to Nigeria, as well as the United States and the European Union in a joint statement. Two domestic organizations, the Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) and the Nigerian Bar Association, indicated intent to challenge the ban in court. Twitter itself called the ban "deeply concerning".
Former U.S. president Donald Trump, who was banned on Twitter months before Nigeria's ban, praised the ban, stating "Congratulations to the country of Nigeria, who just banned Twitter because they banned their President", and also called on other countries to ban Twitter and Facebook due to "not allowing free and open speech."
Nigeria's cultural minister Lai Mohammed stated the ban would be lifted once Twitter submitted to locally licensing, registration and conditions. "It will be licensed by the broadcasting commission, and must agree not to allow its platform to be used by those who are promoting activities that are inimical to the corporate existence of Nigeria."
In January 2022, Nigeria lifted its ban after Twitter agreed to pay an "applicable tax" and establish a legal entity within the country sometime in the first quarter of 2022.
Background
The current Nigerian government has long held concerns over the use of Twitter in the country. The ongoing local End SARS protest began on Twitter and got amplified in 2020 when it had 48 million tweets in ten days. The current government has floated the idea of social media regulation on different occasions prior to banning Twitter. Attempts to pass an anti-social media bill in the past have failed majorly due to massive outcry on Twitter. Days before the ban, the country's minister of information called Twitter's activities in Nigeria suspicious, citing its influence on the End SARS protests.
Aftermath
Three days after the ban, it was reported that the ban has cost the country over 6 billion naira and will also contribute to the worsening unemployment in the country. ExpressVPN reported an over 200 percent increase in web traffic and searches for VPN spiked across the country. In response, Nigeria's Minister of Justice and Attorney General of the Federation Abubakar Malami at first openly threatened to prosecute citizens who bypass the ban using a VPN but then denied saying so after a screenshot of a Twitter deactivation notification they shared on Facebook showed a VPN logo.
In June 2021, former U.S. President Donald Trump, who was banned from Twitter months before Nigeria's ban following the 2021 United States Capitol attack, praised the ban, stating "Congratulations to the country of Nigeria, who just banned Twitter because they banned their President", and also called on other countries to ban Twitter and Facebook due to "not allowing free and open speech."
In late June 2021, Twitter announced it would enter talks with the Nigerian government over the platform's suspension. The talks began in July 2021.
On 15 September 2021, The Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed said the Nigerian government will lift the ban on Twitter in a ‘few days.' The Minister said Twitter gave a progress report of their talks with them, adding that it has been productive and quite respectful.
On October 1, 2021, President Muhammadu Buhari in their Independence Day broadcast said Twitter must meet the Nigerian government's five conditions before the suspension of the social media platform will be lifted. The conditions are: Respect for national security and cohesion; registration, physical presence and representation in Nigeria; fair taxation; dispute resolution; local content.
Lifting of the ban
On 12 January 2022, the Nigerian Government lifted the ban after Twitter agreed to establish “a legal entity in Nigeria during the first quarter of 2022”.
References
Internet in Nigeria
Social media
Internet censorship in Africa
Twitter controversies
Presidency of Muhammadu Buhari
2021 in Nigeria
2022 endings
James Forbes (ca. 1731 – March 25, 1780) was an American statesman from Maryland. They served as a delegate to the Continental Congress from 1777 to 1780.
They served as a State Court Judge in 1770 and was a member of the Maryland State House of Delegates from 1777 to 1778.
Forbes died while attending a session of Congress in Philadelphia, where they are buried in the Christ Church Burial Ground.
External links
Forbes's biographic note on U.S. Congress website
1730s births
1780 deaths
Continental Congressmen from Maryland
18th-century American politicians
Year of birth uncertain
Jan Krzysztof Krzesiak (born 6 July 1961 in Hańsk) is a Polish former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1961 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Poland
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Polish male sport wrestlers
People from Włodawa County
Sportspeople from Lublin Voivodeship
Robert Tavener (6 July 1920 – 12 July 2004) was an English printmaker, illustrator, and teacher.
Tavener was born in Hampstead, North London, England. After school, they take an office job and then in 1940 they were called up and joined the Royal Artillery during World War II. They landed at Arromanches, Normandy, in 1944, three days after D-Day. They later studied in the arts and crafts faculty at the University of Göttingen during 1945–6, for a diploma in design at Hornsey College of Art, and for a teaching diploma at the University of London.
Robert Tavener held teaching positions at Medway College of Art in Rochester, Saint Martin's School of Art in London, and from 1953 Eastbourne College of Art and Design, where they rose to be the Head of Printmaking, Illustration and Graphic Design and Vice-Principal.
Tavener's works included linocuts, lithographs, screen-prints, woodcuts, gouache and watercolours. Their subjects included the English countryside and English architecture, including Oxford and Cambridge colleges, Canterbury Cathedral, Westminster Abbey, York Minster, and Christopher Wren's London churches. Tavener's work is owned by public institutions, including over 25 public art galleries in England and Wales, and also overseas in the United States. Their work was bought by the American Express, BBC, Chase Manhattan Bank, the General Post Office, the Greater London Council, London Transport, Marks & Spencer, McDonald's, Prudential Insurance, Sainsbury's, Shell, Whitbread, and Yale University.
Robert Tavener exhibited at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition for many years. They also exhibited at Glyndebourne Festival Opera, the Barbican Centre in London, and London Weekend Television Centre at South Bank, as well as many other exhibitions sponsored by the Arts Council of Great Britain and the South East Arts Council. From the 1950s onwards, Tavener designed book/magazine covers and illustrations, posters, and promotional material. Their illustrations appeared in publications published by Hamish Hamilton, Longmans, Methuen, Oxford University Press, Penguin Books, etc. They also produced small linocut and pen illustrations for listings in the Radio Times for the BBC.
In 1966, Tavener was elected to the Royal Society of Painter-Etchers and Engravers. They were a senior fellow of the society and was also a member of the Society of Sussex Painters.
Tavenor married their wife Catherine in 1941 during World War II. Their wife died in 1998 and they died in Eastbourne, East Sussex, on 12 July 2004.
In 2010, a retrospective exhibition of their work was held in Eastbourne. Their works are held by the Victoria and Albert Museum, the Government Art Collection, and the British Council.
References
Bibliography
External links
Robert Tavener Auction Price Results from Invaluable.com
Robert Tavener from Art Angels Publishing
Robert Tavener from St Jude's Prints
1920 births
2004 deaths
20th-century English painters
20th-century British printmakers
20th-century English male artists
People from Hampstead
Artists from London
Military personnel from London
British Army personnel of World War II
Royal Artillery personnel
University of Göttingen alumni
Alumni of the University of London
Academics of Saint Martin's School of Art
English printmakers
English illustrators
English watercolourists
English male painters
A chemical reactor is an enclosed volume in which a chemical reaction takes place. In chemical engineering, it is generally understood to be a process vessel used to carry out a chemical reaction, which is one of the classic unit operations in chemical process analysis. The design of a chemical reactor deals with multiple aspects of chemical engineering. Chemical engineers design reactors to maximize net present value for the given reaction. Designers ensure that the reaction proceeds with the highest efficiency towards the desired output product, producing the highest yield of product while requiring the least amount of money to purchase and operate. Normal operating expenses include energy input, energy removal, raw material costs, labor, etc. Energy changes can come in the form of heating or cooling, pumping to increase pressure, frictional pressure loss or agitation.Chemical reaction engineering is the branch of chemical engineering which deals with chemical reactors and their design, especially by application of chemical kinetics to industrial systems.
Overview
The most common basic types of chemical reactors are tanks (where the reactants mix in the whole volume) and pipes or tubes (for laminar flow reactors and plug flow reactors)
Both types can be used as continuous reactors or batch reactors, and either may accommodate one or more solids (reagents, catalysts, or inert materials), but the reagents and products are typically fluids (liquids or gases). Reactors in continuous processes are typically run at steady-state, whereas reactors in batch processes are necessarily operated in a transient state. When a reactor is brought into operation, either for the first time or after a shutdown, it is in a transient state, and key process variables change with time.
There are three idealised models used to estimate the most important process variables of different chemical reactors:
Batch reactor model,
Continuous stirred-tank reactor model (CSTR), and
Plug flow reactor model (PFR).
Many real-world reactors can be modeled as a combination of these basic types.
Key process variables include:
Residence time (τ, lower case Greek tau)
Volume (V)
Temperature (T)
Pressure (P)
Concentrations of chemical species (C1, C2, C3, ... Cn)
Heat transfer coefficients (h, U)
A tubular reactor can often be a packed bed. In this case, the tube or channel contains particles or pellets, usually a solid catalyst. The reactants, in liquid or gas phase, are pumped through the catalyst bed. A chemical reactor may also be a fluidized bed; see Fluidized bed reactor.
Chemical reactions occurring in a reactor may be exothermic, meaning giving off heat, or endothermic, meaning absorbing heat. A tank reactor may have a cooling or heating jacket or cooling or heating coils (tubes) wrapped around the outside of its vessel wall to cool down or heat up the contents, while tubular reactors can be designed like heat exchangers if the reaction is strongly exothermic, or like furnaces if the reaction is strongly endothermic.
Types
Batch reactor
The simplest type of reactor is a batch reactor. Materials are loaded into a batch reactor, and the reaction proceeds with time. A batch reactor does not reach a steady state, and control of temperature, pressure and volume is often necessary. Many batch reactors therefore have ports for sensors and material input and output. Batch reactors are typically used in small-scale production and reactions with biological materials, such as in brewing, pulping, and production of enzymes. One example of a batch reactor is a pressure reactor.
CSTR (continuous stirred-tank reactor)
In a CSTR, one or more fluid reagents are introduced into a tank reactor which is typically stirred with an impeller to ensure proper mixing of the reagents while the reactor effluent is removed. Dividing the volume of the tank by the average volumetric flow rate through the tank gives the space time, or the time required to process one reactor volume of fluid. Using chemical kinetics, the reaction's expected percent completion can be calculated. Some important aspects of the CSTR:
At steady-state, the mass flow rate in must equal the mass flow rate out, otherwise the tank will overflow or go empty (transient state). While the reactor is in a transient state the model equation must be derived from the differential mass and energy balances.
The reaction proceeds at the reaction rate associated with the final (output) concentration, since the concentration is assumed to be homogenous throughout the reactor.
Often, it is economically beneficial to operate several CSTRs in series. This allows, for example, the first CSTR to operate at a higher reagent concentration and therefore a higher reaction rate. In these cases, the sizes of the reactors may be varied in order to minimize the total capital investment required to implement the process.
It can be demonstrated that an infinite number of infinitely small CSTRs operating in series would be equivalent to a PFR.
The behavior of a CSTR is often approximated or modeled by that of a Continuous Ideally Stirred-Tank Reactor (CISTR). All calculations performed with CISTRs assume perfect mixing. If the residence time is 5-10 times the mixing time, this approximation is considered valid for engineering purposes. The CISTR model is often used to simplify engineering calculations and can be used to describe research reactors. In practice it can only be approached, particularly in industrial size reactors in which the mixing time may be very large.
A loop reactor is a hybrid type of catalytic reactor that physically resembles a tubular reactor, but operates like a CSTR. The reaction mixture is circulated in a loop of tube, surrounded by a jacket for cooling or heating, and there is a continuous flow of starting material in and product out.
PFR (plug flow reactor)
In a PFR, sometimes called continuous tubular reactor (CTR), one or more fluid reagents are pumped through a pipe or tube. The chemical reaction proceeds as the reagents travel through the PFR. In this type of reactor, the changing reaction rate creates a gradient with respect to distance traversed; at the inlet to the PFR the rate is very high, but as the concentrations of the reagents decrease and the concentration of the product(s) increases the reaction rate slows. Some important aspects of the PFR:
The idealized PFR model assumes no axial mixing: any element of fluid traveling through the reactor doesn't mix with fluid upstream or downstream from it, as implied by the term "plug flow".
Reagents may be introduced into the PFR at locations in the reactor other than the inlet. In this way, a higher efficiency may be obtained, or the size and cost of the PFR may be reduced.
A PFR has a higher theoretical efficiency than a CSTR of the same volume. That is, given the same space-time (or residence time), a reaction will proceed to a higher percentage completion in a PFR than in a CSTR. This is not always true for reversible reactions.
For most chemical reactions of industrial interest, it is impossible for the reaction to proceed to 100% completion. The rate of reaction decreases as the reactants are consumed until the point where the system reaches dynamic equilibrium (no net reaction, or change in chemical species occurs). The equilibrium point for most systems is less than 100% complete. For this reason a separation process, such as distillation, often follows a chemical reactor in order to separate any remaining reagents or byproducts from the desired product. These reagents may sometimes be reused at the beginning of the process, such as in the Haber process. In some cases, very large reactors would be necessary to approach equilibrium, and chemical engineers may choose to separate the partially reacted mixture and recycle the leftover reactants.
Under laminar flow conditions, the assumption of plug flow is highly inaccurate, as the fluid traveling through the center of the tube moves much faster than the fluid at the wall. The continuous oscillatory baffled reactor (COBR) achieves thorough mixing by the combination of fluid oscillation and orifice baffles, allowing plug flow to be approximated under laminar flow conditions.
Semibatch reactor
A semibatch reactor is operated with both continuous and batch inputs and outputs. A fermenter, for example, is loaded with a batch of medium and microbes which constantly produces carbon dioxide that must be removed continuously. Similarly, reacting a gas with a liquid is usually difficult, because a large volume of gas is required to react with an equal mass of liquid. To overcome this problem, a continuous feed of gas can be bubbled through a batch of a liquid. In general, in semibatch operation, one chemical reactant is loaded into the reactor and a second chemical is added slowly (for instance, to prevent side reactions), or a product which results from a phase change is continuously removed, for example a gas formed by the reaction, a solid that precipitates out, or a hydrophobic product that forms in an aqueous solution.
Catalytic reactor
Although catalytic reactors are often implemented as plug flow reactors, their analysis requires more complicated treatment. The rate of a catalytic reaction is proportional to the amount of catalyst the reagents contact, as well as the concentration of the reactants. With a solid phase catalyst and fluid phase reagents, this is proportional to the exposed area, efficiency of diffusion of reagents in and products out, and efficacy of mixing. Perfect mixing usually cannot be assumed. Furthermore, a catalytic reaction pathway often occurs in multiple steps with intermediates that are chemically bound to the catalyst; and as the chemical binding to the catalyst is also a chemical reaction, it may affect the kinetics. Catalytic reactions often display so-called falsified kinetics, when the apparent kinetics differ from the actual chemical kinetics due to physical transport effects.
The behavior of the catalyst is also a consideration. Particularly in high-temperature petrochemical processes, catalysts are deactivated by processes such as sintering, coking, and poisoning.
A common example of a catalytic reactor is the catalytic converter that processes toxic components of automobile exhausts. However, most petrochemical reactors are catalytic, and are responsible for most industrial chemical production, with extremely high-volume examples including sulfuric acid, ammonia, reformate/BTEX (benzene, toluene, ethylbenzene and xylene), and fluid catalytic cracking. Various configurations are possible, see Heterogeneous catalytic reactor.
References
Chemical reactors
External links
Chemical reactors
During the 13th century England was partially ruled by Archbishops, Bishops, Earls (Counts), Barons, marcher Lords, and knights. All of these except for the knights would always hold most of their fiefs as tenant in chief. Although the kings maintained control of huge tracts of lands through judges, constables, castles, and sheriffs, the nobles of England were still powerful. This is a list of the various different nobles and magnates including both lords spiritual and lords secular. It also includes nobles who were vassals of the king but were not based in England (Welsh, Irish, French). Additionally nobles of lesser rank who appear to have been prominent in England at the time. The nobles are listed categorically by rank starting with the Archbishops and going down to the nobles who did not hold titles.
Archbishops
The word Archbishop originates as an additional honor for powerful bishops who held sway over several dioceses. Archbishops were usually associated with an important city holding land and influence within the city
Note: Several Archbishops are not listed because they were either not consecrated, set aside within 3 years, did not rule for more than a year, or were quashed by the pope/the king.
Earls/Counts
Earls (referred to as Comitis in records) were powerful lords holding their lands per baronium. Technically they were the kings the highest representative in their given shires (outranking even the sheriff who were referred to as vicecomitem (Vice-Counts)), for example the Earl of Devon would be the highest administrator of Devonshire, however they were not the overlord of the barons in Devonshire (though they could be for certain manors but the baron could just as well be the overlord of a different manor which the earl possessed).
Lords Spiritual
The lords spiritual were bishops, abbots, and other leading clergymen who functioned similarly to feudal barons holding their land per baronium. Generally they were centered at a cathedral or abbey and not a castle and although some were expected to provide soldiers for the king, they were not expected to fight themselves (however some of them did). Bishops who ruled for less than three years will not be listed to avoid clutter.
Barons & Royal Demesne Equivalents
Holding land per baronium (by barony) was considered the highest form of land tenure. Barons were generally tenants in chief who held usually 10-50 manors, often scattered around but usually with a general grouping of estates around the Caput Baronium. Many of these manors were held by knights who provided military service to their lord. Often a few of the baron's manors were held from another tenant in chief. A barony with more than 20 manors in it was termed an honour. Most bishops also held their land per baronium and all earls held their land per baronium.
Welsh Marcher Barons Under the Crown
Marcher-lords enjoyed a greater degree of independence, holding almost all feudal rights to build castles, have sheriffs, declare war, establish boroughs, establish markets, confiscate lands, legislative power and hold mini parliament. However, they could not mint coins nor could they judge someone guilty of high treason, and if they died without heirs, their land would revert to the crown. Marcher lordships seem to have functioned in a similar way to that of a state in the Holy Roman Empire, enjoying extensive freedom but still subject to the crown.
Feudal Barons and Barons by Writ Under the Crown
The difference between a feudal barony and a barony by writ is not a clear distinction since barons had been summoned for council before the parliaments of that later 13th century. Barons who attended the Curia Regis of 1237 were undoubtedly equal in rank to the ones later summoned to the parliaments of 1246 and beyond. In fact many of the barons attending the Curia Regis were predecessors to those attending the later Parliaments.
Bedfordshire
Berkshire
Buckinghamshire
Cambridgeshire
Cornwall
Cumbria
Derbyshire
Devonshire
Dorset
Essex
Gascony
Gloucestershire
Hampshire
Herefordshire
Hertfordshire
Huntingdonshire
Kent
Lancashire
Leicestershire
Lincolnshire
Middlesex
Norfolk
Northampton
Northumberland
Nottinghamshire
Oxfordshire
Shropshire
Somerset
Staffordshire
Suffolk
Surrey
Sussex
Warwickshire
Westmorland
Wiltshire
Worcestershire
Yorkshire
Unknown/Unclassifiable
Barons by Service to the Crown
These were royal servants who were deemed to have held the status of baron even if they did not hold any land.
Under the Earls of Chester:
The earls of Chester were considered earls-palatine of the earldom of Chester. They had almost complete rights over their domain and ruled like kings: they had their own court with their own barons, and their own justices. Chester was last held be a non-royal by John the Scot who died in 1237. It then passed to the crown and was given to a royal relative.
De Facto Under the Justiciar of Ireland:
These lords were the descendants of norman adventurers who had come over to Ireland following Richard FitzGodbert de Roche, Strong-bow, and others who had originally come as mercenaries for an Irish prince. These Norman adventurers had continued their predecessors conquest by making alliances, truces, pushing wars, etc. Although briefly almost independent of England, royal authority was soon established in Ireland.
Under the Barons of Fingal (lordship of Meath Ireland):
Hugh de Lacey was granted the lordship of Meath shortly after the invasion of Ireland. However there was an Irish king who claimed the land as their own. Hugh invited this king to parley but it went poorly and it ended in the Irish being slaughtered. Because of nature of the lordship Hugh had the authority to appoint their own barons and had similar powers to a marcher lord
Under the earls of Pembroke:
Knights and Officials of the Royal household
These are companions of the Kings of England during the 13th century. The kings kept household knights and a variety of skilled noblemen including administrators, scribes, and judges in their court in order to do their bidding in administrative, military and judicial matters. In many cases noblemen would serve in more than one office depending on their favor with the king at the time. These nobles tended to be lesser nobles who acquired land, offices, and titles by service to the king. The office or Royal Steward was the highest office in the kings household who was responsible for managing the entire household including ensuring discipline within the ranks of the household knights.
Under King John:
Under Henry III of England:
Under Edward I:
Other Nobles
Note: Since these nobles generally did not hold a title the dates which they are marked by is when they lived, not when the reigned.
References
English history-related lists
13th-century English nobility
13th-century English monarchs
David Jay "Davey" Hamilton (born June 13, 1962 in Nampa, Idaho) is a race car driver who competed in the Indy Racing League IndyCar Series and Stadium Super Trucks. They have made 56 series starts and while never winning a race, finished second three times. They placed second in series points in the 1996–1997 season and again in 1998 season.
Hamilton had been proficient in supermodified racing, as a frequent winner in various supermodified races, usually held in the northern areas of the United States.
Accident
In 2001 at the Texas Motor Speedway, Jeret Schroeder lost an engine exiting turn 2. This caused them to lose control of their car and make contact with Davey Hamilton's machine. Hamilton's car slammed into the wall, nearly getting caught in the catch fence, and beginning to spin a number of times before coming to rest against the inside retaining wall. Also involved in the crash was Sarah Fisher. Hamilton suffered such severe injuries to their legs and feet, that doctors at one time believed that amputation would be the best option for him.
After the crash, Hamilton took a retirement from driving, and underwent 23 operations to reconstruct their feet and legs. They began standing after five months of the crash, and spent a year requiring the use of a wheelchair. They did, however, desire to return to racing, and in 2005, started taking steps to return to the cockpit.
In 2010, after retiring from the 2010 Indianapolis 500 on the first lap, Hamilton referenced their 2001 crash while commenting on their early exit from the 500 by saying, "It's the second-worst day of my racing career...and everyone knows my worst one."
Life after retirement
Hamilton became the color commentator for Indianapolis Motor Speedway Radio Network broadcasts in 2003. They later began driving the 2-seater IndyCar, which gives rides to VIPs and celebrities at IndyCar Series races.
Hamilton partnered with the new American Speed Association, partnering with ASA owner Dennis Huth, to take over control of the popular Southwest Tour for 2007, shortly after NASCAR terminated the popular AutoZone Elite division, which includes the popular Southwest series. The Speedco Southwest Tour series uses the same cars as the former NASCAR-sanctioned series.
Hamilton also owns their own racing team, "Davey Hamilton Apex Racing." This team consists of two winged sprint drivers: their father Ken Hamilton and friend Mike Cullum. Also on the team is Davey's son DJ who races Outlaw Karts and Go Karts. Mike's daughter Jenna rounds out the team and they drive Outlaw Karts. In 2008, Hamilton became a partner in a group that purchased Terre Haute Action Track.
In 2014 they co-founded King of the Wing, a national pavement sprint car series.
Return to racing
In 2005, Hamilton started courting sponsors and perusing the paddock in an effort to return to racing. After settling several personal and business issues, they landed a ride for the 2007 Indianapolis 500, driving for Vision Racing. Qualifying 20th, Hamilton placed 9th after the race was ended early on lap 166 due to rain. For 2008, Hamilton re-signed with Vision Racing. They finished 14th in the 2008 Indianapolis 500. For the 2009 season, they drove for Dreyer & Reinbold Racing, and was the only one of the team's four drivers to qualify during the first weekend of qualifications. However they crashed out of the race on lap 79.
In 2010, Hamilton competed in the 2010 Indianapolis 500 for de Ferran Dragon Racing. They were involved in an incident with Tomas Scheckter on the first lap of the race, and was classified in 33rd, last place.
Hamilton's final season of races would be 2011. They finished 24th in the 2011 Indianapolis 500. They also raced in the Twin 275's at Texas for unfinished business. Their final start would be at the tragic 2011 IZOD IndyCar World Championship at Las Vegas. Hamilton was fortunate enough to escape the major accident on lap 11 that killed Dan Wheldon, but the race was abandoned, and the results were scratched from official record. When the new chassis and engine package was introduced for the 2012 season, Hamilton was unable to secure a car for the 2012 Indianapolis 500 due to a lack of available rides.
In 2013, Hamilton joined the Stadium Super Trucks, serving as a substitute for Jimmy Vasser at Honda Indy Toronto; Hamilton started first in the event, but engine trouble forced them to finish seventh. In 2014, they made their season debut at the Firestone Grand Prix of St. Petersburg, where they placed 8th in the first race and 9th in the second race.
Personal life
Davey has a son named Davey Jay Hamilton Jr. (D.J.) who was born on March 15, 1997 in Idaho. D.J. is also a racing driver, racing in sprint cars and Stadium Super Trucks. They also have a daughter named Hailey.
Hamilton is a Christian.
Career results
American open–wheel results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position)
Indy Lights
CART IndyCar
IndyCar Series / Indy Racing League
1 Races run on same day.
2 Non-points-paying, exhibition race.
3 The Las Vegas Indy 300 was abandoned after Dan Wheldon died from injuries sustained in a 15-car crash on lap 11.
Indianapolis 500
Stadium Super Trucks
(key) (Bold – Pole position. Italics – The Fastest qualifier. * – Most laps led.)
References
External links
Davey Hamilton Racing
IndyCar Driver Page
1962 births
Living people
People from Nampa, Idaho
Racing drivers from Idaho
Indianapolis 500 drivers
IndyCar Series drivers
Stadium Super Trucks drivers
Motorsport announcers
USAC Silver Crown Series drivers
Dragon Racing drivers
De Ferran Motorsports drivers
Indy Lights drivers
A. J. Foyt Enterprises drivers
Arrow McLaren SP drivers
Vision Racing drivers
Dreyer & Reinbold Racing drivers
The Jesusland map is an Internet meme created shortly after the 2004 U.S. presidential election that satirizes the red/blue states scheme by dividing the United States and Canada into "The United States of Canada" and "Jesusland". The map implies the existence of a fundamental political divide between contiguous northern and southern regions of North America, the former including both the socially liberal Canada and the West Coast, Northeastern, and Upper Midwestern states, and suggests that these states are closer in spirit to Canada than to the more conservative regions of their own country. The Freakonomics blog opined that the map reflected the "despair, division, and bitterness" of the election campaign and results. Slate also covered the image and posited that it might be the reason the Canadian immigration website received six times its usual page views the day after the election.
Origin
The original image was created on November 3, 2004 by G. Webb, a poster on yakyak.org, an Internet message board for fans of the work of Jeff Minter. It quickly became an Internet meme, which The New York Times described as an "instant Internet classic".
Geography
The meme is in the form of a map of the U.S. and Canada which depicts a new hypothetical national border between the two countries. The "blue states" from the 2004 election (New England, the Mid-Atlantic states, the Pacific coast, and the Great Lakes states of Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota, and Wisconsin) have been merged with Canada to form a single contiguous nation of more than 170 million inhabitants, which is labeled the "United States of Canada." The remaining "red states" are labeled as "Jesusland".
Variations
Similar maps give different labels to the geographically separated blue states. The northeastern states are alternately referred to as "Eastern Realitania", "Northeastistan", "Western France", or "The New American Republic"; the central blue states near the Great Lakes are labeled "Central Realitania" or "Minniwillinois"; and the blue states along the Pacific Coast are called "Western Realitania", "Pacificstan", "Southern Canada" or "Baja Canada" (with Hawaii being separately labeled "The Tropic of Canada"). Another has chosen the overall name "Realistan", and another has chosen "The United States of Liberty and Education". The red states in these variant maps are called "Jesusistan", or "the United State of Texas" in reference to Bush's home state. Some maps purport to show a capital city of Crawford, Texas, then the home of then-President George W. Bush. One map shows Alaska as having been returned to Russia, while a Canadian variant had the province of Alberta, commonly regarded as the most conservative Canadian province, marked as part of Jesusland instead of Canada.
Change of map
Since Barack Obama's victory in the 2008 United States presidential election, some states which voted for George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004 have become swing states or even turned to lean Democratic. Colorado, New Mexico and Virginia have become lean Democratic (blue states) while Arizona, Georgia (both red leaning), Michigan, Nevada, North Carolina (red leaning), Pennsylvania and Wisconsin have become swing states.
See also
Bible belt
Blue wall
Cascadia movement
Deep South
Ecotopia
Conservatism in Canada
Conservatism in the United States
The Nine Nations of North America
References
Canada–United States relations in popular culture
Electoral geography of the United States
Political Internet memes
2004 United States presidential election in popular culture
Fictional maps
Fictional North American countries
Maps of the Americas
Geographical neologisms
Hans Einar Magnus Wislander (born 22 February 1964) is a Swedish former handball player, who has been voted Handball Player of the Century. Since their debut in the national team in 1985 they have played over 380 games and scored over 1,000 goals. They played for Redbergslids IK, Gothenburg and THW Kiel.
Club Honours
Redbergslid
Elitserien (5): 1984-85, 1985–86, 1986–87, 1988–89, 2002–03
Kiel
Bundesliga (7): 1993-94 , 1994–95 , 1995–96 , 1997–98 , 1998–99 , 1999-00 , 2001–02
DHB-Pokal (3): 1998, 1999, 2000
Supercup (2): 1995, 1998
EHF Cup Winners' Cup (2): 1998, 2002
Individual
IHF World Player of the Year - 1990
Best player of the 20th century by: IHF
Best player of the 20th century by: Sweden
Elected best player of THW Kiel in the 20th century
Record for caps and goals in the Swedish national team
Best player at 2002 European Championship
Elected best handball player of the year in Sweden: 1986 and 1990
Elected best handball player of the year in Germany: 2000
Voted Best foreign player of Bundesliga: 1994, 1995, 1996
Voted Best Player THW Kiel: 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999
World Championships
1990 - gold
1993 - bronze
1995 - bronze
1997 - silver
1999 - gold
2001 - silver
European Championships
1994 - gold
1998 - gold
2000 - gold
2002 - gold
See also
List of handballers with 1000 or more international goals
External links
1964 births
Living people
Swedish male handball players
Olympic handball players of Sweden
Handball-Bundesliga players with retired numbers
Handball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Handball players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Sweden
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Handball players from Gothenburg
Olympic medalists in handball
Redbergslids IK players
THW Kiel players
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
James Hiscott (January 21, 1826 – May 26, 1917) was a farmer and political figure in Ontario, Canada. They represented Lincoln in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Conservative member from 1890 to 1898.
They were born in Niagara, Upper Canada in 1826, the son of Richard Hiscott, a soldier in the British army. In 1846, they married Hannah M. Reed. They served as reeve for Niagara Township and was warden for Lincoln County in 1884. Hiscott was a major in the local militia. They grew fruit on their farm near Virgil. They died on May 26, 1917 and is buried at St. Mark's Anglican Cemetery at Lincoln.
References
External links
The Canadian parliamentary companion, 1897 JA Gemmill
Member's parliamentary history for the Legislative Assembly of Ontario
1826 births
1917 deaths
Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario MPPs
People from Niagara-on-the-Lake
Frank Lewis Worthington Simon (31 March 1862 – 19 May 1933) was a British architect working in the Arts and Crafts style. In Scotland, they were sufficiently noteworthy as to be commissioned by Queen Victoria to remodel Balmoral Castle In later life they worked in Canada and is best remembered for the Manitoba Legislative Building.
Life
They were born in Darmstadt, Germany, the son of Dr David Worthington Simon.
They were educated at Tettenhall College in Wolverhampton and King Edward VI Grammar School in Birmingham before being articled to John Cotton in Birmingham in 1879. In 1882 they briefly worked with Jethro Anstice Cossins before going to Paris to study at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts under Jean-Louis Pascal in 1883. They spent one year here sharing rooms with John Keppie and Stewart Henbest Capper and also befriending Alexander Nisbet Paterson.
They then returned to Scotland to work with Burnet Son and Campbell in 1886 and later moved to Wardrop & Anderson.
From around 1885 they also had their own studio at 8 York Place in Edinburgh.
In 1887 they formed their own practice in partnership with their friend Stewart Henbest Capper.
In 1890, under the guidance of Robert Rowand Anderson they became one of the founding fathers of Edinburgh College of Art and they and Capper shared the role of teaching architecture there.
In 1898 they brought Alexander Hunter Crawford, who was connected to the Edinburgh company of Crawfords Biscuits, into partnership and the practice moved to 36 Hanover Street. In 1899 this merged with Robert Rowand Anderson's practice to create Anderson, Simon & Crawford which lasted until 1902 until reverting to its former form and moved to 10 Randolph Place.
In 1903 the partnership with Crawford ended and Simon moved to Liverpool where they formed a new partnership with Huon Arthur Matear. Jointly they created the huge Liverpool Cotton Exchange in 1905 (remodelled 1960). In 1910 Henry Boddington, of the Boddingtons Brewery family, was brought into the partnership.
In 1912 the partnership won the hugely important competition for the Manitoba Legislative Building in Winnipeg, Canada and Simon began regular visits to Canada. They employed Septimus Warwick specifically to help on the Manitoba job and act as job architect on site, a role required until 1920.
Simon married Lavinia Florence Colefax of California and died in Mentone, California in 1933.
Principal works
Outwood, 8 Mortonhall Road, Edinburgh (1888) (for their own father)
Hope Chapel, Wigan (competition winner) (1888)
Innerleithen Congregational Church (1889)
Buildings for the Edinburgh International Exhibition (Meggetland) (1890)
Whiteinch Orphanage, Broomhill, Glasgow (1890)
Villa at 32 Inverleith Place, Edinburgh (1892)
Macfadyen Memorial Church, Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester (1892)
Edinburgh Dental School and Hospital (1894) (demolished 1952)
Gorgie Evangelical Union Church, Edinburgh (1894)
Robertson's Court, Edinburgh (1894)
Trysull School, Institute and All Saints Church (1896-7)
The Red House Nurses Home, Edinburgh Royal Infirmary (1897) demolished 2004
Villa at 2 South Gillsland Road, Edinburgh (1897)
Industrial Brigade Building, Fountainbridge, Edinburgh (1898)
Brizlee, villa on Colinton Road (now 93/95), Edinburgh (1899)
Feuing (housing layout) for the Braid estate in Edinburgh (1899)
Feuing (housing layout) for the Fettes estate in Edinburgh (1899)
Inchinnan Parish Church (1899)
Perth Evangelical Union Church (1899)
Remodelling of Library Senate Room, University of St. Andrews (1899)
Rosefield Cottage, 4 Cargil Terrace, Edinburgh (1899)
Dalmeny Street Drill Hall, Leith, Edinburgh (1900)
Claremont Congregational Church, Blackpool (1901)
Pearce Memorial Hall and Institute, Govan (1901)
Alterations and works on the estate at Balmoral Castle (1902)
Dunalistair House, Dreghorn, Edinburgh (1902)
Inchinnan Parish Church Hall (1902)
Remodelling of Trysull Manor (1902)
Liverpool Cotton Exchange (1905) note-front remodelled c.1960
Orleans House, Liverpool (1907)
Manitoba Legislative Building, Winnipeg (1912–20)
Arts Faculty Building, University of Liverpool (1913)
Railway viaduct, Banff, Alberta, Canada (1919)
References
Dictionary of Scottish Architects
RIBA Journal: 17 June 1933
Builder (journal):7 July 1933
1862 births
1933 deaths
20th-century Scottish architects
20th-century Scottish people
Alumni of the Edinburgh College of Art
Arts and Crafts architects
German emigrants to the United Kingdom
British expatriates in France
Big Peak, at above sea level a peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Forest in Camas County about west of Baker Peak.
References
Mountains of Idaho
Mountains of Camas County, Idaho
Sawtooth National Forest
Albert Sewell (1927 – 2018) was an English football statistician best known for their work with Chelsea F.C. and BBC Sport.
Sewell left school at 16 and their first job was in the sports section at the Daily Sketch. After World War II they became a trainee journalist for the Press Association. In 1949, they were given the job of writing Chelsea's match programme, which had been expanded from a pamphlet to a similar length of modern programmes. They also wrote several books about Chelsea and football in general, among them the official guide to the club's 1954–55 title-winning season.
From its inception in 1968 until 2005, Sewell worked as a statistician for the BBC's Match of the Day, providing notes on match statistics to the presenters, commentators and pundits. Presenter Des Lynam made the public aware of Sewell by referring to them as "Our man Albert". They were made an MBE in the 2005 Birthday Honours, shortly after their retirement.
References
1927 births
2018 deaths
English sports journalists
Chelsea F.C. non-playing staff
English statisticians
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Lieutenant-General Richard Stovin (died 1825) was a British Army officer during the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries. They originally joined the army as an ensign in 1780, and saw service in the American War of Independence, where they may have been taken prisoner after the Battle of Yorktown. After the outbreak of the French Revolutionary Wars, they saw service with a force sent to invade French colonies in the Caribbean, and was taken prisoner in 1794 at Guadeloupe. Released after two years in captivity, they later commanded their regiment in the Netherlands, in the Anglo-Russian invasion of Holland of 1799, and on garrison duties in the Mediterranean and in India. In the War of 1812 they were appointed to command a division in the forces in Canada, where an island in the St. Lawrence river was named after him.
Family and early career
Stovin was born at Whitgift, in the West Riding of Yorkshire (now the East Riding of Yorkshire), the son of James Stovin. Their elder brother, James, later became a clergyman, a fellow of Peterhouse, Cambridge and a magistrate in Yorkshire, whilst their youngest half-brother, Frederick, would follow them into the army, rising to the rank of lieutenant-general.
Stovin joined the 17th Regiment of Foot as an ensign on 16 June 1780, and served at the end of the American War of Independence. The 17th Foot was present at the Siege of Yorktown in October 1781, where it surrendered to the Americans; some 244 officers and men were taken prisoner. However, it is not clear if Stovin was among them. They were promoted to lieutenant in May 1782, but after the Treaty of Paris in 1783 they were placed on half-pay. They returned to active service by purchasing a lieutenant's commission in the 19th Regiment of Foot in January 1784, and in October 1788 was promoted to captain in the 17th.
They married Frances Acland (b. 1761), the granddaughter of Sir Hugh Acland, 6th Baronet, and the sister of John Palmer-Acland, later an MP, and Wrothe Acland, later to become a lieutenant-general. Wrothe Acland had joined the 17th in 1787, as an ensign, and remained with the regiment until 1793; this may have been how the two met.
Following the outbreak of the French Revolutionary Wars in 1793, they sailed with the flank companies of the 17th Foot for the West Indies. They were present at the Battle of Martinique in February and March 1794, the landings at Saint Lucia, and the Invasion of Guadeloupe in April. They were publicly thanked by Sir Charles Grey, the commander of the force, for their role in the capture of the forts at Saint Lucia. The occupying force on Guadeloupe was counter-attacked in October, by a French force led by Victor Hugues, and Stovin was placed in command of one wing of the British force, defending the camp at Berville. They were taken prisoner by the French, and held until March 1796.
Senior command
On their release in 1796, they were promoted to major, and posted to a staff position in Canada. They returned to their regiment in 1798, when they took command of it in St. Domingo, and after the evacuation of the island was sent to England to raise two new battalions from volunteers in the militia. They then led them in the Anglo-Russian invasion of Holland of late 1799, where they saw action at the Battle of Krabbendam and the Battle of Bergen in September. From 1800 to 1802 they served in the Mediterranean, returning to England after the Peace of Amiens.
The 17th Foot was stationed in India from 1804, and Stovin commanded them at the siege of Chumar in 1807. They were given a brevet colonelcy in 1808, and later posted to command a brigade in India.
On 4 June 1811, Stovin was promoted to major-general, and was sent to Canada in 1813 during the War of 1812. They commanded the Centre Division from February to July 1814, and the Right Division from October to December. Stovin Island, in the St. Lawrence River, was named for them after the war, one of a number of military commanders commemorated in the "A Thousand Islands".
Stovin was promoted to lieutenant-general in 1821, and died in 1825.
Notes
References
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
British Army generals
British Army personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
People from Goole
Royal Leicestershire Regiment officers
British Army personnel of the American Revolutionary War
British Army personnel of the War of 1812
Military personnel from Yorkshire
The iraca, sometimes spelled iraka, was the ruler and high priest of Sugamuxi in the confederation of the Muisca who inhabited the Altiplano Cundiboyacense; the central highlands of the Colombian Andes. Iraca can also refer to the Iraka Valley over which they ruled. Important scholars who wrote about the iraca were Lucas Fernández de Piedrahita, Alexander von Humboldt and Ezequiel Uricoechea.
Background
In the centuries before the Spanish conquistadores entered central Colombia in the 1530s, the valleys of the Eastern Ranges were ruled by four main leaders and several independent caciques. The northern territories were ruled by the zaque from Hunza, the present-day capital of Boyacá department and the southern area under the reign of the zipa, based in Bacatá, currently known as the Colombian capital Bogotá. Other important rulers were the iraca and the cacique Tundama based in Tundama, today known as the city of Duitama. The Muisca were one of the four advanced civilizations of the Americas, between the Aztec and Maya civilization in the north and the Incas south of Colombia.
Description
The iraca was a cacique of the sacred City of the Sun Sugamuxi, present-day Sogamoso. Their domain was a territory spreading over Sogamoso, Pesca, Iza, Tobasía, Firavitoba, Busbanzá, Toca, Gámeza, Tota, Mongua and areas adjacent to Lake Tota.
The iraca was both a political and a religious leader (priest), in the religion of the Muisca said to have descended from Idacansás and educated by messenger god Bochica. It is thought that the iracas inherited the knowledge of Bochica from their predecessors. The role of iraca was widely respected in the Muisca territories and also was important for the astronomy of the Muisca. The iraca was elected by the caciques of Gámeza, Busbanzá, Pesca and Toca. Generally a cacique from Tobasía or Firavitoba was elected alternatingly. In cases where the election was indecisive, the tundama of Tundama would intervene.
The iraca of Sugamuxi lived in the Sun Temple, the most important temple of the Muisca, built to worship the Muisca Sun god Sué, in Sugamuxi, decorated inside with golden figures; tunjos and golden plates outside.
The Sun Temple was destroyed by fire from the torches of soldiers in the army of Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada, the conquistador who made first contact with the Muisca in September 1537 in search of El Dorado.
Known iraca
From the ages before the Spanish conquest of the Muisca little is known and much is based on mythology. Confirmed iraca were:
Nompanim - died early 16th century
Sugamuxi - died 1539
See also
Spanish conquest of the Muisca
Muisca
Muisca Confederation
Muisca rulers, Tundama
Idacansás
References
Bibliography
Muisca mythology and religion
Muisca rulers
Colombian priests
15th century in Colombia
16th century in Colombia
People from Sogamoso
The Lithium Triangle () is a region of the Andes rich in lithium reserves around the borders of Argentina, Bolivia, and Chile. The lithium in the triangle is concentrated in various salt pans that exist along the Atacama Desert and neighboring arid areas, the largest ones including Salar de Uyuni in Bolivia, Salar de Atacama in Chile and Salar del Hombre Muerto in Argentina.
The area is thought to hold around 54% of the world's lithium reserves. The Indian Navy has shown interest in the Lithium Triangle as lithium will be required on Li-ION batteries that are planned to be fitted in future submarines.
See also
Lithium production
References
Bibliography
Geology of Antofagasta Region
Geology of Atacama Region
Geology of Catamarca Province
Geology of Jujuy Province
Geology of Oruro Department
Geology of Potosí Department
Geology of Salta Province
Geology of Tarapacá Region
Lithium mining
Tom Driver may refer to:
Tom Driver (trade unionist), British trade unionist
Tom F. Driver, American theologian, author and peace activist
Timothy Michael Collins (born August 21, 1989) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. They played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Kansas City Royals, Washington Nationals, and Chicago Cubs.
Amateur career
Collins attended high school at Worcester Technical High School in Worcester, Massachusetts which compiled a record of 91–5 during their four years there. Collins was overlooked by baseball scouts because of their size, standing at only 5'7". Their senior year, Collins threw a no-hitter against Auburn High School in the district championship game.
Professional career
Toronto Blue Jays
Toronto Blue Jays' general manager J. P. Ricciardi discovered Collins after they were pitching in an American Legion Baseball game. After going undrafted, Collins signed with the Blue Jays out of high school as an undrafted free agent and began their professional career in with the Gulf Coast League Blue Jays of the Gulf Coast League Northern Division. In 7 games, Collins was involved in no decisions and had an ERA of 4.50. The next season, Collins was promoted to the Class-A Lansing Lugnuts of the Midwest League. That season, Collins went 4–2 with a 1.58 ERA, 98 strikeouts, and 14 saves in 49 games, all in relief. They were fifth in the league in ERA that season. Their 14 saves ranked them third in the entire Blue Jays organization in that category. In , Collins began the season with the Class-A Advanced Dunedin Blue Jays of the Florida State League. In 40 games with Dunedin, they went 7–4 with a 2.37 ERA, 99 strikeouts, and 3 saves. They were named to the Florida State League All-Star team that season. Collins was later promoted to the Double-A New Hampshire Fisher Cats of the Eastern League. Collins compiled a record of 2–3 with a 5.68 ERA, and 17 strikeouts in 9 games with New Hampshire. On the season, Collins had a combined record of 9–7 with a 2.91 ERA in 77 innings pitched. Collins was rated as having the best curveball in the Blue Jays organization by Baseball America in . Collins was selected as the Toronto Blue Jays organization's Postseason Player of the Year by MLB.com.
Atlanta Braves
On July 14, 2010, Collins was traded to the Atlanta Braves with Tyler Pastornicky and Alex González for shortstop, Yunel Escobar and pitcher, Jo-Jo Reyes.
Kansas City Royals
On July 31, 2010, Collins was traded along with Jesse Chavez and Gregor Blanco for Rick Ankiel and Kyle Farnsworth.
On March 31, 2011, Collins made their MLB debut against the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, pitching one inning. They did not allow a run and struck out Torii Hunter for their first MLB strikeout. Three days later, they earned their first MLB victory by pitching three scoreless innings against the Angels in extra innings, striking out five. On August 14, 2012 they set the Royals single season strikeout record for a left handed reliever. Collins finished the 2012 season with 93 strikeouts, second place among all Major League left-handed relievers behind the Reds Aroldis Chapman. Overall in 2012 Collins pitched innings with an ERA of 3.36 and a record of 5–4. On March 11, 2015, Collins underwent Tommy John surgery and was ruled out for the entire 2015 season. An MRI taken in March 2016 showed that the ligament graft performed during the operation was not successful, and another Tommy John surgery had to be performed.
Washington Nationals
On December 13, 2016, Collins signed a minor league deal with the Washington Nationals. Collins elected free agency on November 6, 2017, becoming a free agent on November 18. On December 15, 2017, Collins resigned a minor league deal with the Nationals. The Nationals purchased their contract on May 21, 2018. They made their Nationals debut and first major-league appearance since 2014 on May 21, 2018, entering a game against the San Diego Padres at Nationals Park in the eighth inning and getting two strikeouts, giving up one hit but no runs.
Minnesota Twins
On February 6, 2019, Collins signed a minor league deal with the Minnesota Twins that included an invitation to spring training. They were released on March 22, 2019.
Chicago Cubs
On March 24, 2019, Collins signed a major league contract with the Chicago Cubs. Collins was designated for assignment by the Cubs on June 19, following the promotion of Adbert Alzolay. On July 23, the Cubs selected Collins' contract. Collins was designated again on July 26 following the acquisition of Derek Holland. They elected free agency on August 1.
Cincinnati Reds
On August 4, 2019, Collins signed a minor league deal with the Cincinnati Reds. They became a free agent following the 2019 season.
Colorado Rockies
On February 5, 2020, Collins signed a minor league deal with the Colorado Rockies. On July 27, Collins announced they were opting out of the season due to the COVID-19 pandemic. They became a free agent on November 2, 2020.
Pitching style
Despite their small size, Collins garners good speed on their four-seam fastball (averaging 93–94 mph, tops out at 97 mph). They also feature two effective off-speed pitches, a curveball at 74–77 mph and a changeup at 83–85 mph. The curve is their most common pitch when ahead in the count, and is a frequent offering with 2 strikes. Their changeup is typically used earlier in the count and is mostly thrown to right-handed hitters. All three pitches have above-average whiff rates (including 51% for the changeup), leading to a high strikeout rate.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Baseball players from Worcester, Massachusetts
Chicago Cubs players
Dunedin Blue Jays players
Gulf Coast Blue Jays players
Gulf Coast Nationals players
Harrisburg Senators players
Iowa Cubs players
Kansas City Royals players
Lansing Lugnuts players
Louisville Bats players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Mississippi Braves players
New Hampshire Fisher Cats players
Omaha Royals players
Omaha Storm Chasers players
Potomac Nationals players
Syracuse Chiefs players
Washington Nationals players
World Baseball Classic players of the United States
2013 World Baseball Classic players
Andrés Felipe Murillo Segura (born April 1, 1996) is a Colombian professional footballer who plays for Santos Laguna of Liga MX.
External links
Living people
1996 births
Colombian footballers
Colombian expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
La Equidad footballers
Santos Laguna footballers
Categoría Primera A player
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Sportspeople from Valle del Cauca Department
The women's 49 kg competition of the taekwondo events at the 2018 Mediterranean Games took place on the 28 of June at the Salou Pavilion.
Schedule
All times are Central European Summer Time (UTC+2).
Results
Legend
PTG — Won by Points Gap
SUP — Won by superiority
OT — Won on over time (Golden Point)
DQ — Won by disqualification
PUN — Won by punitive declaration
WD — Won by withdrawal
Main bracket
References
Taekwondo at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
2018 in women's taekwondo
A Uruguayan Argentine is an Argentine citizen of Uruguayan descent or a Uruguay-born person who resides in Argentina. As of 2012, there were over 116,000 Uruguayans living in Argentine territory.
Overview
Current data put the figure of Uruguayans in Argentina at over 200,000.
Many Uruguayan-born persons live in Argentina, for various reasons. Both countries share the same language, culture and ethnicity and their populations bear striking similarities; the historical origins of both nations is common (part of the Viceroyalty of the River Plate, Spanish Empire); both countries are members of MERCOSUR, there is no need for special migration documents, and circulation is relatively easy. Argentina has a much bigger economy, which has always attracted Uruguayans in search of opportunities; the cultural scene is intense, so many talented Uruguayan actors and entertainers have succeeded in their artistic careers in Argentina. And last, but not least, Uruguayans value and praise Argentina as a nice tourist and holidaying destination; especially as a "shopping paradise".
Uruguayan residents in Argentina have their own institutions, for instance, the Consultative Council in Buenos Aires or the Center of Uruguayan Residents in Mar del Plata "José Gervasio Artigas".
History
The causes of Uruguayan immigration to Argentina are several. Among these, in addition to the 1973 Uruguayan coup d'état are: improved living conditions, job search, fleeing the economic, socio-cultural similarity with Argentina, among others. Most settled throughout the Argentine territory, but mainly in the City of Buenos Aires and the surrounding metropolitan area and the rest of the Buenos Aires Province.
A notable group of Uruguayan humorists developed their career on both countries, Argentina and Uruguay: Ricardo Espalter, Raimundo Soto, Eduardo D'Angelo, Julio Frade, Enrique Almada. During the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s they commuted frequently to record famous television comedies: Jaujarana, Hupumorpo, Comicolor, Híperhumor.
Notable Uruguayan Argentines and Argentines with Uruguayan ancestors
past
María Abella de Ramírez (1863–1926), feminist writer
Leonor Acevedo (1876-1975), mother and secretary of Jorge Luis Borges
Torcuato de Alvear (1822-1890), politician, son and father of Presidents of Argentina
Santiago Arrieta (1897-1975), actor
Luis César Avilés (1938-2019), journalist and television presenter
Enzo Bordabehere (1889-1935), lawyer and politician
Jorge Luis Borges (1899-1986), writer
Carlos Calvo (1824-1906), jurist and historian
Miguel Cané (1851-1905), writer, lawyer, academic, journalist, and politician
Manuel Campoamor (1877-1941), tango musician
Berugo Carámbula (1945-2015), comedian
Rubén W. Cavallotti (1924-1999), film director
Juana del Pino y Vera Mujica (1786-1841), First Lady of Argentina as wife of Bernardino Rivadavia
Horacio Ferrer (1933-2014), tango lyricist
Santiago Gómez Cou (1903-1984), actor
María Amalia Lacroze de Fortabat (1921-2012), business person and philanthropist, related to Uruguayan president Manuel Oribe
Libertad Lamarque (1908-2000), actor and singer
Lorenzo Latorre (184-1916), military dictator, spent their last years exiled in Argentina
Irineo Leguisamo (1903-1985), jockey
Tita Merello (1904-2002), tango singer and actor
Nina Miranda (1925-2012), tango singer and composer
Enrique Loedel Palumbo (1901–1962), physicist
Ricardo López Jordán (1822–1889), soldier and politician
Hilarión de la Quintana (1774-1843), military officer and governor of Tucumán
Horacio Quiroga (1878-1937), short story writer
Hermenegildo Sábat (1933-2018), caricaturist
Enrique Saborido (1877–1941), tango musician
Miguel Saiz (1949-2019), politician, governor of Río Negro Province
Carlos Sherman (1934-2005), translator and activist
Juan Manuel Tenuta (1924-2013), actor
Luisa Vehil (1912-1991), actor
Juan Verdaguer (1915-2001), humorist
Emilio Vidal (1918-1994), actor and humorist
Constancio C. Vigil (1876-1954), writer and publisher
Tincho Zabala (1923-2001), actor
Fabio Zerpa (1928-2019), ufologist
China Zorrilla (1923-2014), actor
present
Gabriela Acher, actor and comedian
Eunice Castro, model and television presenter
Mateo Chiarino, actor, writer, and director
Mónica Farro, vedette
Nicolás Furtado, actor
María Noel Genovese, model and actor
Andrea Ghidone, vedette
Ernesto Goñi, footballer
Daniel Hendler, actor
Osvaldo Laport, actor
Laura Malosetti Costa, essayist
Víctor Hugo Morales, journalist
Natalia Oreiro, actor
Henny Trayles, actor and comedian
See also
Argentina–Uruguay relations
Argentines in Uruguay
Emigration from Uruguay
References
Immigration to Argentina
Argentina
The Swedish Chamber of Commerce (SCC), founded in 1906, is an independent, nonprofit Swedish-British business organisation. The Chamber has around 400 member businesses, representing not only Swedish companies but also British and European companies interested in strengthening their existing ties with Sweden and the UK or expanding to new markets. The Swedish Chamber of Commerce for the UK is the oldest and largest foreign Swedish Chamber in the world, and also one of the largest foreign Chambers in the UK.
Young Professionals of the Swedish Chamber
In addition, a sub-organisation, the Young Professionals (YP), has approximately 200 individual Members, aged 25–35 with an interest in the Swedish-British business community.
History
The subject of a London Chamber was first discussed in early 1906, when a number of meetings regarding the arrangement of a Swedish exhibition, led to the establishment of the Swedish Chamber of Commerce in London. The Certificate of Incorporation was granted by the Board of Trade and offices were hired at 136, Fenchurch Street. At the end of 1907 no less than 189 members had been elected.
Former Chairmen
1906–1915 Fred Löwenadler
1915–1924 Harald Benedixson
1924–1932 Axel Welin
1932–1933 F Ljungberg
1933–1941 B De Maré
1941–1944 O Thott
1944–1946 T Landby
1946–1950 N H Leander
1950–1959 S Frisell
1959–1963 Torolf Lyth
1963–1967 Torsten J Mosesson
1967–1970 A A Flygt
1970–1971 Hans L. Zetterberg
1971–1974 Gunnar Englund
1974–1977 Kurt Domellöf
1977–1981 Keith Lomas
1981–1984 Jan Ancarcrona
1984–1986 Sir Jeffrey Petersen
1986–1989 Bertil Norinder
1989–1994 Duncan MacDougall
1994–1996 Staffan Gadd
1996–1999 Alan Toulson
1999–2002 Anders Grundberg
2003–2004 Claes Oscarson
2004–2007 Roger Gifford
2007–2010 Bo Lerenius, CBE
2010–2013 Paul von der Heyde
2013–2017 Beatrice Engström Bondy
2017– now Jan Olsson
Former Managing Directors
1906-1917 Louis Zettersten
1917-1919 C W Cederwall
1919-1943 Dr. E Classen
1943-1945 E Steffenburg
1945-1963 Einar Kihlstedt
1963-1967 Curt Björnemark
1967-1972 Staffan Widenfelt
1972-1977 Vacant
1978-1983 Leif Forsberg
1983-1994 Gunnar Fineman
1994-1999 Pia Helena Ormerod
1999-2004 Ulla O'Barius
2004-2009 Christina Liljeström
2009-2012 Annika Wahlberg
2012-2018 Ulla Nilsson
2018- now Peter Sandberg
References
External links
Official website
The Swedish Embassy in London
Chamber of Commerce
Swedish Chamber of Commerce Abroad
Chambers of commerce
Sweden–United Kingdom relations
Organizations established in 1906
1906 establishments in the United Kingdom
BNCR is a lens mount developed by Mitchell for use with their REFLEX 35 mm movie cameras (long back-focus; Bausch & Lomb SUPER BALTARs, e.g., and equivalents). It was an update of the BNC mount (short back-focus; Bausch & Lomb BALTARs, e.g., and equivalents) done to accommodate the reflex viewer in the later cameras. BNC mount lenses cannot be used in reflex Mitchell cameras as their shorter back-focus will hit and damage the reflex viewer, which, in various versions, was a pellicle (partially silvered) mirror or a (100-percent silvered, first surface) rotating mirror. The abbreviation stands for "Blimped Newsreel Camera Reflex", which meant that it is a 35 mm camera originally intended for news reporting but included a blimp housing for sound stage shooting plus a reflex viewer to allow the camera operator to view the action through the lens while filming. The reflex option was only added in 1967, while the blimp option (thereby converting an NC, "Newsreel Camera", into a BNC, "Blimped Newsreel Camera") was available at the camera's introduction in 1934, but only a few BNC examples were made before the onset of WW-II, during which manufacture of "production" cameras was suspended.
The lens mount is not identical across all variants, thus there is a marked difference between a BNC and BNCR mount, for instance. BNCR is only the current convention as it was the last version of the camera and in relatively current use through until the 1990s. The mount contains four pronged flanges only one of which contains a notch towards the center. This notch is used to align the mount to a locating pin located approximately 45 degrees clockwise from the top of the camera's lens mount. This radial indexing is of particular importance when shooting an anamorphic format (CinemaScope or Panavision, or equivalent). The mount is locked into place using a friction locking ring which, in conjunction with the four prongs of the flange, creates a very strong lens seating. The quality of this design has been a key influence in the design of the Arri PL and Panavision PV mounts, both of which are the main film camera mounts in use today, and both of which have four-pronged flanges oriented based on locating pin-notch combinations. The Arri PL mount in particular is very similar in appearance to the BNCR mount, the only immediately apparent difference being the ability to seat any of the four notched prongs against the locating pin. (The flange focal distance and diameter also differ.)
With the slow obsolescence of the Mitchell cameras, which likely took so long because they were so well regarded in mechanical design aspects, such as their steady intermittent movement registration ("Compensating Link" movement) and strong mounts, the mounts have gradually become less common in the past two decades, but remained an option for third party cameras produced as recently as the 1980s. Many of the cameras are still in usage in fields such as animation. Though the mount is not quite as common today, it is still very well regarded in the field.
Technical specifications
Flange focal distance: 61.468 mm
Diameter: 68.00 mm
Cameras:
35 mm Mitchell NC, Mitchell NCR, Mitchell BNC, Mitchell BNCR, Mitchell S35R, Arri 35BL3, Cinema Products XR35, Cinema Products CP35, Fries 435, IMAGE 300, Moviecam SuperAmerica, Moviecam Compact, PhotoSonics 4ER, PhotoSonics 4ML, Ultracam
65 mm Mitchell FC, Mitchell FCR, Mitchell BFC, Mitchell BFCR
Lens mounts
Royal Spa Brass is a brass band in the town of Royal Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, England.
Early history
The original Royal Spa Brass (Newspapers give the name as Royal Spa Band) was founded by Alfred Titcomb on 15 January 1901 and, by the end of the year, had 26 players. In January 1912 it became the band of the Warwickshire Yeomanry but continued to appear as Royal Spa Band for another two years. It was dissolved during the First World War and reformed in 1920 and continued until 1939 when it ceased for good. Fifteen years later it is re-formed by an amalgamation of Kenilworth Town and Bishops Itchington brass bands using the name "The Royal Leamington Spa Silver Band". The band was wound up again in 1970 but soon restarted in 1973. According to the band's official history, it reverted to its original name of Royal Spa Brass in 1992, and has since concentrated on Concert rather than Contest performance.
The band had considerable success during its Contest days, winning the Third section and then Second section of the Midland Area Championships, and reaching the National Finals.
New millennium
The Band's headquarters is called The Band Factory. It has played in conjunction with annual caroling events at Warwick Castle. In December 2011, for example, the band played at Warwick Castle alongside the choirs of the Collegiate Church of St Mary.
In 2006, two musicians marked fifty years in the band. Conductor Paul Russell and baritone player Ken Owen both joined the group in 1956, and were still playing a half century later.
According to its official history, Royal Spa Band continues to be a non-auditioning band that welcomes players of all abilities. In 2008, Buddin' Brass was officially set up for young and adult beginners. Since the inception of Buddin' Brass, many of its members have made the move into the main band.
In early 2011, Hugh Rashleigh took over as Musical Director, supervising both Buddin' Brass and the rest of the Band.
The band accepts musicians of any age, and practice once a week.
References
External links
British brass bands
Leamington Spa
Music in Warwickshire
Sootea is located under Naduar revenue circle, under Tezpur sub-division, formerly in the district of Sonitpur but at present in the district of Biswanath, Assam state, India.
Geography
There are 103 revenue villages, 128400 bigha 03 katha 10 lecha of land in Sootea sub-circle and its area is 158.90 square kilometres. There is Arunachal Pradesh to the north of Sootea, south bank of the river Brahmaputra River to the south, river Ghiladhari to the east and river Dekorai to the west.
Weather
It is cold in summer. Sootea summer highest day temperature is in between 21 °C to 35 °C . Average temperatures of January are 17 °C , February is 21 °C , March is 24 °C , April is 25 °C , May is 26 °C .
Sights of Sootea
Nagsankar mandir
The Nagsankar Mandir is one of the oldest and most respected shrines at nagsankar near Sootea, between the border of Sonitpur and biswanath district. It is located at a distance of 45. 7 km Tezpur city center.
Chatia College
Chatia College is a premier institute of higher learning in Sootea, Dist.- Biswanath, Assam. It was established in the year 1971 with the unwavering endeavour of some leading citizens and the public of greater Sootea area. The College is situated at the heart of Sootea around 1 km away from the NH – 15 in its own plot of land which covers an area of about 54 bighas. The College has Arunachal Pradesh to the North, the mighty Brahmaputra river to the South, the Ghiladhari river to the East, and the Dekorai river to the West. About 72 villages comprise the areas immediately surrounding the College. The serene and eco-friendly campus adds to the beauty of this institution.
chatia higher secondary school
Chatia Higher Secondary School is situated in the Tezpur sub division of this historically important district. During the pre-independence days of India Sootea became one of the important place of the Sonitpur district (then Darrang district). "SOOTEA IS THE ABODE OF GENTLE AND EDUCATED PERSONS"_wrote thus Mr. Sarat ch. Goswami, the only school inspector of Assam Valley in the book of Geography written by him.
Chatia High School a pioneer institution of high education in the eastern part of the river Bharali (from Bharali to Kalabari) has a glorious story to tell.
It was during the time of struggle for independence of India some prominent persons of Biswanath Chariali, Sootea and Jamugurihat seriously thought of establishing a high school. Accordingly the executive committee of Naduar Rayat Sava adopted a resolution to establish a high school at Sootea in the year 1928. The committee also decided to name the school as NADUAR HIGH SCHOOL. It was finally decided to start the school from 1st of March, 1929. The school admitted 19 students in class seven on the very first day. They were from Biswanath Chariali, Sootea and Jamugurihut. Hem ch. Hazarika BA.BL of Biswanath Chariali was the first Headmaster of the school.
In 1938 the school was renamed as SOOTEA HIGH SCHOOL. In course of time students from Kalabari to the river Bharali came to read in this school. So the school authority had to build a hostel too. The Sootea M.E. School which had been running in Sootea since 1915 had been amalgamated with the High School.
The school received recognition of the Calcutta University on 1941
(a) As both students and the teachers joined the struggle for independence in 1942 the students of class 'x' of that batch debered themselves from appearing in the Matriculation Examination held in 1943.
(b) Mr. Sailendra Kumar Seal, a student of this school secured second position in the Matriculation Examination held under Guwahati University in 1949.
(c) Mr. Gandha chandra Bormudai of Karati gaon, Sootea enlisted their name in the glorious history of this school as the highest donar. They donated rupees one thousand to the school in 1934. So in honour of Bormudai the school library had been named after him. Still the school library is known as GANDHA CHANDRA BORMUDAI MEMORIAL LIBRARY.
(d) Mr. Ramesh ch. Phukan of Bhakat gaon, Sootea donated two bighas of land to this mighty institution.
(e) Received deficit grant in 1956.
(f) Center for Matriculation Examination in 1972.
(g) Upgraded to Higher Secondary level in 1977 with Art stream.
(h) Provincialised in 1977.
(i) Erected one school auditorium in 1960.
(j) Observed a historic, colourful and attractive school week in 1957.
(k) Celebrated Golden Jubilee in 2016 with pomp and grandeur. A historic souvenir was also published on the occasion
Sootea Police Station
Assam chief minister Sarbananda Sonowal inaugurated restored heritage Sootea Police Station under Biswanath district on Monday.
The heritage Sootea Police Station in Biswanath is a testament of Assam Police's glorious history and an icon of Independence movement, where the national flag was unfurled for the first time in the country in 20th August 1942.
“To protect it, I had sanctioned ₹ 50 lakh last year to the Directorate of Archaeology,” CM Sonowal said in a tweet.
Along with Sonowal, ministers Keshab Mahanta, Ranjit Dutta, Tezpur MP Pallab Lochan Das, MLAs Padma Hazarika and Promod Borthakur were present at the inaugural event.
See also
Jamugurihat
Nagsankar Mandir
Biswanath district
References
Tezpur
Léon Paul Gabriel Mougeot (10 November 1857 – 25 October 1928) was a French politician who was under-secretary of state for Posts and Telegraphs from 1898 to 1902, and Minister of Agriculture from 1902 to 1905. They were responsible for introducing cast-iron "mougeottes", letter boxes that displayed the day and last pick-up made, and for subsidizing the use of bicycles by mail carriers.
Early career
Léon Paul Gabriel Mougeot was born on 10 November 1857 in Montigny-le-Roy, Haute-Marne, son of a notary.
They attended the lycées of Chaumont and Nancy for their secondary education, then studied law in Dijon and Paris.
At the age of 24 they became an attorney in Langres.
They gained attention in 1892 for successfully defending a notary accused of abuse of confidence.
In 1893 they were the founding president of the Horticulture and Wine growing Society of Haute-Marne.
They and Édouard Dessein (1875–1961) co-founded several agricultural mutual funds.
Mougeot was an active Freemason and belonged to the Chaumont lodge L'Étoile de la Haute-Marne.
Mougeot was elected to the Langres municipal council in 1884, and was mayor from 1888 to 1898.
In 1898 they became a member of the general council of the department of Haute-Marne, and was president of the departmental assembly from 1907 to 1920.
They were one of the leaders of the Radical Party in Haute-Marne and dominated local politics, particularly during the phylloxera crisis, when they defended the winemakers and distillers.
They ran for election as a deputy in 1889 but was defeated.
In 1893 Mougeot was elected deputy for Haute-Marne.
At first they sat with the Progressive Left, of which they were secretary, then moved further left.
They were secretary of the chamber from 1896 to 1898.
Posts and telephones
Mougeot was under-secretary of state for Posts and Telegraphs from 5 July 1898 to 7 June 1902 in the cabinets of Henri Brisson, Charles Dupuy and Pierre Waldeck-Rousseau.
On 18 May 1899 there was a strike of mail carriers in Paris due to the Senate having refused to agree with a decision by the deputies to pay Parisian mail carriers higher rates than their rural colleagues. Rather than agree to a general pay increase, the Senators refused any pay increase at all. Mougeot arranged to requisition several hundred soldiers and national guards to distribute the mail in Paris, which caused the strike to be cancelled immediately.
When Mougeot took office most letter boxes were of wood reinforced with iron, and dated to 1830.
On 31 July 1899 Mougeot signed a decree to place a new type of cast-iron letter box into general usage, made by Delachanal of Paris. Nicknamed "mougeottes", they had three small windows that let the users see the day, the planned number of pick-ups and the last pick-up that had been made.
Two variants were made, one wall-mounted and the other on an iron column fixed to the sidewalk.
The "mougeottes" were introduced experimentally at first, but proved very popular and were soon installed throughout France.
At first bronze-green in color, from 1905 they were painted blue.
In October 1899 Mougeot experimented in the 12th arrondissement of Paris with couriers using automobiles, but this did not catch on.
Mougeot installed the first stamp machines, and postcards delivered by compressed air in Paris.
They also supported the use of bicycles by mail carriers, a long-planned but always delayed innovation.
Mougeot gave mail carriers a monthly allowance of 15 francs if their route was more than , and the same allowance to town mail carriers whose routes were more than .
In 1898 they decided to build a "telephone office" in Langres, which came into service on 27 March 1900.
Later career
Mougeot was Minister of Agriculture in the cabinet of Émile Combes from 7 June 1902 to 24 January 1905, and was firmly protectionist.
They did not make any notable improvements.
They did contribute to the protectionist law on adulteration of wine of 1905, which survived until 1993. Although adulterated alcohol could be dangerous to health, Mougeot said the law was solely to prevent fraud, since this was the only concern of the Ministry of Agriculture.
In March–November 1907 Mougeot was political director of Le Petit Troyen, a regional journal.
In August 1908 Mougeot was elected to the Senate and resigned their parliamentary seat.
They sat with the Democratic Left in the Senate.
Mougeot acquired valuable landholdings in the colonies, and in Tunisia was called "le seigneur Mougeot".
In 1913 they were chairperson of the Compagnie Occidentale de Madagascar which they had violently opposed when they were a new deputy.
They did not run for re-election in 1920.
Léon Mougeot died on 25 October 1928 in Rochevilliers, Haute-Marne, at the age of 70.
Publications
Notes
Sources
1857 births
1928 deaths
People from Haute-Marne
Politicians from Grand Est
Radical Party (France) politicians
French Ministers of Agriculture
Members of the 6th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 7th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 8th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 9th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
French Senators of the Third Republic
Senators of Haute-Marne
French Freemasons
The Bishop of Kingston (technically of Kingston upon Thames or, originally, of Kingston-on-Thames) is an episcopal title used by an area bishop of the Church of England Diocese of Southwark, in the Province of Canterbury, England. The title takes its name after Kingston upon Thames, a settlement in south-west London. The bishops suffragan of Kingston have been area bishops since the Southwark area scheme was founded in 1991.
List of bishops
References
External links
Crockford's Clerical Directory - Listings
Bishops of Kingston
Anglican suffragan bishops in the Diocese of Southwark
Andreas Zivy (born October 19, 1955) is a Swiss business person based in Binningen, Switzerland.  They are the current chairperson of Swiss agribusiness Ameropa Holding AG.
Biography
Zivy was born in Basel in 1955. They completed their school education at Humanistic Secondary School, Basel. They attended Instituts d'études politiques in Paris where they received their master's degree in political science, in 1978. After graduation, Zivy worked for Bunge, in Brazil for two years. In 1980, they joined Ameropa Holding, their family business established in 1948, as the Office Head at Ameropa, France.
In 1986, Zivy became the Vice President of Ameropa AG in Basel. By 1995 they were appointed the CEO of Ameropa AG and a member of the board of directors.
In 2001, Andreas Zivy co-founded the Ameropa Foundation, which is focused on investing in sustainable and progressive charitable programs in the developing world. As of 2010, after the death of their father, Andreas took over as the chairperson and the president of Ameropa Holding AG.  They are also a former member of the advisory board of the Basel Peace Forum.
Andreas Zivy is a member of the board of the Swiss Democracy Foundation, whose aim it is to defend, promote and develop Democracy in Switzerland and abroad.
Zivy is married, has three children, and lives with their wife in Binningen near Basel.
References
External links
Official website
1955 births
Living people
Businesspeople from Basel-Stadt
Swiss businesspeople
Instituts d'études politiques alumni
A maze is a type of puzzle that consists of a complex branching passage through which the solver must find a route.
Maze, The Maze or Mazes may also refer to:
Places
Maze (HM Prison), a former prison in Northern Ireland
MacArthur Maze, a freeway interchange in Oakland, California
Maże, Poland
Maze, County Down, an electoral ward in Northern Ireland
Masi, Norway, also known as Máze, a Sami community in Norway
Maze, Pennsylvania, unincorporated community
Mazes, a townland in County Antrim, Northern Ireland
Mazetown, County Antrim, a hamlet in Northern Ireland
"The Maze" or "Maze District," the westernmost district of Canyonlands National Park
The Maze, Nottingham
People
Michael Maze (born 1981), Danish table tennis player
Paul Maze (1887–1979), French impressionist painter who influenced Sir Winston Churchill
Tina Maze (born 1983), Slovenian alpine skier
Fictional characters
Mazikeen aka "Maze", a DC comics character
A character in the video game Fable
Books
MAZE: Solve the World's Most Challenging Puzzle, a 1985 book by Christopher Manson
Maze (novel), a 1993 light novel series by Satoru Akahori
The Maze (novel), a 2004 novel by the Greek writer Panos Karnezis
The Maze, a 1998 book by Will Hobbs
The Maze, a 2004 novel by Monica Hughes
Film, TV and video games
Maze (2000 film), a 2000 film starring Rob Morrow
Maze (2017 film), a 2017 film by Stephen Burke about the escape from Northern Ireland's Maze (HM Prison)
The Maze (1953 film), a sci-fi horror film released in 3-D
The Maze (2010 film), a horror film
The Maze (2018 film)
William Kurelek's The Maze, a 2011 documentary film
"The Maze" (Miami Vice), an episode of the television series Miami Vice
Westworld: The Maze, the first season of the television series, Westworld
Maze (1973 video game), considered one of the earliest examples of a first-person shooter video game
Music
Maze (band), a 1970s R&B/soul band
Mazes (band), an English band
Maze (album), a Japanese-language album by Nothing's Carved in Stone 2015
The Maze (album), a 1999 album and title song by Vinnie Moore
Maze, a 1999 album by David Kikoski
"Maze" (song), a 2002 song by Japanese pop artist Koda Kumi
"Maze", a song by Juice Wrld from the 2019 album Death Race for Love
"Maze", a song by Tohoshinki from the 2008 single "Keyword"
"The Maze", a song by Stars from the 2018 album There Is No Love in Fluorescent Light
"Maze", a song by Jessica Mauboy from their 2010 album Get 'Em Girls
"Maze", a song by Phish from the 1993 album Rift
"Maze", a song from the soundtrack of the anime Noir
"The Maze", a song by Miles Davis from the 1985 live album Tutu
"The Maze", a song by Lacuna Coil from the 2009 album Shallow Life
"Maze Song"
Other
The Maze (painting), a 1953 painting by William Kurelek
Maze (solitaire), a card game
Maze, a term used in graph theory as it applies to topology
Haunted attraction (simulated), also known as "haunts" or "mazes"
Scary Maze Game, a popular flash game designed to frighten the viewer.
See also
Maze River (disambiguation)
Maize (disambiguation)
Mace (disambiguation)
Mase (disambiguation)
USS O-1 (SS-62) was the lead ship of their class of submarines built for the United States Navy during World War I.
Description
The O-class submarines were designed to meet a Navy requirement for coastal defense boats. The submarines had a length of overall, a beam of and a mean draft of . They displaced on the surface and submerged. The O-class submarines had a crew of 29 officers and enlisted men. They had a diving depth of .
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft. When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor. They could reach on the surface and underwater. On the surface, the O class had a range of at .
The boats were armed with four 18 inches (450 mm) torpedo tubes in the bow. They carried four reloads, for a total of eight torpedoes. The O-class submarines were also armed with a single 3"/50 caliber deck gun.
Construction and career
O-1 was laid down on 26 March 1917 at the Portsmouth Navy Yard in Kittery, Maine. They were launched on 9 July 1918, and commissioned on 5 November 1918 with Lieutenant Commander Norman L. Kirk in command. Commissioned just before the Armistice with Germany, O-1 operated in the Atlantic coastal waters from Cape Cod to Key West, Florida, after World War I. Reclassified a second-line submarine on 25 July 1924, and first-line on 6 June 1928, O-1 was converted to an experimental vessel on 28 December 1930, and operated in this capacity out of the submarine base at New London, Connecticut, until decommissioning on 11 June 1931. They were stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 18 May 1938 and sold for scrap.
Gallery
Notes
References
External links
United States O-class submarines
World War I submarines of the United States
Ships built in Kittery, Maine
1918 ships
Gokulam is a 1993 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film directed by Vikraman. The film stars Jayaram (in their major Tamil debut) and Bhanupriya, with Arjun Sarja in a supporting role. The film had musical score by Sirpy and was released on 11 June 1993 to positive reviews.
Plot
Chellappa lives in a village owning a photo studio along with their friends Raju. Mary comes to the village and rents a house opposite to Kalyan Kumar's house. Kalyan Kumar's house is named "Gokulam" where they live with their wife and daughter Uma.
Kalyan Kumar also has a son named Kannan but has been abandoned by the family members for marrying a girl without the family's consent. But the family regularly receives money order from Kannan. Although Kalyan Kumar has changed their mind and accepted Kannan, they still do not return home. Everyone in Gokulam thinks that it is only Kannan's wife who does not allow them to reunite with their family.
Mary gets close to Gokulam family members and attends singing classes from Kalyan Kumar. They help everyone in the family as and when required. Chellappa falls in love with Mary and proposes to them But Mary tells their flashback to Chellappa which shocks him.
Mary's original name is Gayathri and they sing well. Gayathri and Kannan love each other. Gayathri is a rich girl but has no parents or relatives except for a guardian who has plans to get their son Vasanth married to them But Gayathri informs Jaishankar about their love towards Kannan for which they agree immediately. Gayathri feels happy. Kannan requests the wedding to happen after a few days as they have to take care of their poor family. They say that their sister's wedding should happen first.
Gayathri agrees for this and an engagement is planned between them on Gayathri's birthday, but Vasanth gets furious knowing about this and decides to kill Kannan. Vasanth sends a few thugs to kill Kannan. Kannan fights them but gets stabbed at their back. They come to the function and dies in front of Gayathri.
Jaishankar hands over Vasanth to police, and Vasanth gets jailed. Gayatri cries and feels bad that Kannan lost their lives only because of loving them and decides to help their family. Kannan already informed their family about their love, which they didn't agree. Gayathri writes a letter to Kannan's parents that they have married against their their wishes.
Gayathri comes to Kannan's village in the name of Mary and sends the money order to Kannan's parents every month Kannan's name which makes them believe that their son is living in Chennai along with their wife. They also write letters in Kannan's name to their parents. Chellappa feels proud of Gayathri and promises not to inform anyone about their real identity.
Kannan's sister Uma's wedding is arranged. But Gayathri learns that Uma once had a lover who ditched them and now is blackmailing them about revealing their old photographs taken together to everyone which will impact their marriage. Gayathri decides to help Uma and they go to Raja Ravindra's home alone in search of the photographs. They find the photos and burns them into ashes. Suddenly the man comes and tries to molest Gayathri, but Chellapa rescues them The crowd gathers around, and Raja Ravindra lies that they have an illegitimate relationship with Gayathri, which shocks them But Gayathri could not reveal their real purpose of visiting their home at night as that would affect Uma's wedding. Finally, Gayathri accepts the blame and everyone ditches them for their morally incorrect behavior.
The village people ask Gayathri to vacate immediately, but they request them to allow them to stay for one day so they can attend Uma's wedding and then leave. Despite opposition, Gayathri attends Uma's wedding but is insulted by Kalyan Kumar. Dejected Gayathri leaves the village immediately and has decided to accept a previous offer of going on a world tour performing stage shows along with their friend.
Chellappa informs Kalyan Kumar about all the truth and they realize their mistake. The two rush to Gayathri's house, but they have left before that. Finally, the film ends showing Kalyan Kumar waiting in the village railway station every morning for Gayathri's return.
Cast
Bhanupriya as Mary / Gayathri
Jayaram as Chellappa
Arjun Sarja as Kannan
Kalyan Kumar as Kannan's father
Vadivelu as Raju, Chellappa's friend
Chinni Jayanth as Chellappa's friend
Jaishankar as Gayatri's guardian
Dubbing Janaki as Kannan's mother
S. N. Vasanth as Vasanth
Sindhu as Mary
Yuvasri as Uma
Raja Ravindra as Uma's former lover
Major Sundarrajan
Oru Viral Krishna Rao
Singamuthu
Pazhanisamy
V. S. Gopalakrishnan
Ramesh Khanna as Ramesh (guest appearance)
Soundtrack
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Sirpy. The soundtrack, released in 1993, features 8 tracks.
Reception
Malini Mannath of The Indian Express wrote, "the film has a storyline that could have been made interesting."
References
External links
1990s Tamil-language films
1993 romantic drama films
1993 films
Films directed by Vikraman
Films set in Bangalore
Indian romantic drama films
Super Good Films films
Global Rights is an international human rights capacity-building non-governmental organization (NGO). Founded in Washington, D.C., in 1978 with the name International Human Rights Law Group, the organization changed its name to Global Rights: Partners for Justice in 2003 on the occasion of its 25th anniversary. In December 2014 it shut its Washington headquarters and devolved the center of its operations to its country office in Nigeria and Burundi from where the organization continues to work with local activists in Africa to promote and protect the rights of marginalized populations. It provided technical assistance and training to enable local partners to document and expose human rights abuses, conduct community outreach and mobilization, advocate for legal and policy reform, and provide legal and paralegal services.
Global Rights amplifies the voices of grassroots activists and organizations, and builds their capacity to address inequalities and human rights violations and bring their struggles to the attention of regional and international institutions such as the United Nations and African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights, which develop and enforce human rights standards.
The organization's model works and builds impact from the broad base of society upwards, teaching and training coalitions, organizations and individuals with a participatory approach that fosters long-term transparency and sustainable change. Global Rights is distinctive in its grass roots approach that strengthens activists to document and expose human rights abuses, conduct community outreach and mobilization, advocate for legal and policy reform, and provide legal and paralegal services. Their goals are to increase access to justice for poor and marginalized groups, promote women's rights and gender equality, and advance ethnic and racial equality. They also work through special initiatives for The protection of the Rights of Civilians in Armed Conflicts and natural resources and human rights.
Global Rights' programs address governance failures that exacerbate the disenfranchisement and the violations of the rights of the poor and marginalized, women and victims of discrimination. While the need for action is universal, no one model is uniformly applicable and all programs are customized to local needs and conditions.
Thematic Programs
Source:
Access to justice, as defined by the United Nations Development Program are understood and accepted within the international human rights community, this means that laws and remedies must be just, equitable, and sensitive to the needs of the poor and marginalized. At the same time, difficulties encountered by vulnerable populations in understanding and asserting their legal rights require the attention of legal institutions. Equal access to justice, whether through the courts or other legal mechanisms, therefore creates a crucial precondition for broad-based prosperity and security under the rule of law.
Where there is a real or perceived breakdown of rule of law, and where political, legal, economic, and institutional biases and barriers marginalize segments of the population, equal access to justice is not a given.
Global Rights therefore focuses on vulnerable populations and their legal challenges. They help the poor and marginalized access legal systems, thereby increasing governmental accountability and public faith in the rule of law.
Natural Resources and Human Rights
For extractive host communities, expectations of a better life are too often replaced by an overwhelming sense of injustice. They lose their lands and livelihoods, grapple with pollution affecting their environment and health, see women disproportionately affected, and have little or no say in the processes that determine if and how their resource rich lands will be exploited. Their compounding frustrations are often expressed through violence, contributing to increased insecurity.
Global Rights therefore partners with civil society organizations and extractive host communities to strengthen their ability to prevent, monitor and document human rights violations and abuses, and to design and implement engagement and advocacy strategies with the government, companies, and other identified stakeholders.
Women's Rights and Gender Equality
Women's rights and gender equality is at the core of Global Rights' work. Our particular emphasis on the rights of women is woven through all of our initiatives and also as standalone program. We have been working in Northern Nigeria for over a decade by building the capacity of local activists to provide community based paralegal services (legal first aid) to indigent women who are particularly vulnerable given the paucity of access to justice in the region. Our paralegal services partners work alongside indigent women to ensure that they can understand and assert their rights in cases involving issues such as forced marriage, child custody, domestic and sexual violence.
Top priorities on our women's rights and gender equality program are sexual and gender based violence, women's participation in democratic life and their access to socio-economic opportunities, ensuring gender mainstreaming in every facet of national life.
Security and Human Rights
In recent years, both the nature and extent of human rights violations have significantly worsened concurrent with rising insecurity and violence. Most of these violations play out in the theatre of the ongoing insurgency and the counter-terrorism operations of security forces, with limited opportunities for redress for victims. In this militarized situation, there is little state accountability and vulnerable populations have become victims of indiscriminate attacks by both the military and insurgents, who act without adherence to the norms of the standards care for civilians.
Global Rights therefore works with vulnerable groups and communities to demand accountability of security forces and ensure the rights of citizens are promoted and protected. We do this by promoting adherence to the rule of law even in asymmetrical warfare, amplifying the voices of indigent communities caught between government security forces and insurgents, and are particularly at risk of having their basic human rights violated, given the often long histories of weak governance, inadequate resources and lack of basic understanding of their rights; and how to hold government accountable for their protection.
Global Rights believes local knowledge and expertise are essential to successful administration. Their local partners know the communities in which they work, are familiar with their cultures and traditions, and were already active in promoting the legal rights of the poor and marginalized. Global Rights recognized that long-term, systemic change could occur only if stakeholders themselves were involved. By transferring knowledge and skills to local partners, Global Rights ensures that they can maintain a culture of participatory governance and human rights, long after their projects are over.
Executive Director
Gay McDougall was a Executive Director of Global Rights from 1994 to 2014. They were one of 16 commissioners on the Independent Electoral Commission helping to ensure fair elections after the fall of apartheid in South Africa in 1994. In their time Global Rights has done work in Cambodia helping to address the lack of legal services since the Khmer Rouge killed the bulk of the country's attorneys.
References
International human rights organizations
International LGBT political advocacy groups
Enemigos de lo Ajeno is a 1986 rock album by the Spanish band El Último de la Fila. Rolling Stone magazine (Spain Edition) voted this album as Spain's most important rock album of all time. Rock DeLux Magazine (Spain's most important rock printed Magazine) and other prestigious critics have voted this album either as the most important or within the top 100 most significant Spanish-language rock albums.
The original version of the album was recorded with a very limited budget in Barcelona on an indie label called PDI. A year later, some of the tracks were re-recorded and remixed in London and re-released on an album called "Nuevas Mezclas". Enemigos De Lo Ajeno album eventually became part of the catalog of EMI. Originally it achieved Gold status (50000 units), but over the years it has sold in excess of 200000 (double platinum). CD reissues have appeared with different mastering over the years.
References
El Último de la Fila albums
1986 albums
The Omega Chemical Corporation was a refrigerant and solvent recycling company that operated from 1976 to 1991 in Whittier, California. Due to improper waste handling and removal, the soil and groundwater beneath the property became contaminated and the area is now referred to as the Omega Chemical Superfund Site. Cleanup of the site began in 1995 with the removal of hazardous waste receptacles and a multimillion-dollar soil vaporization detoxifying system.
History
The Omega Chemical Corporation processed hazardous wastes from refrigerants at their facilities to be recycled into commercial products. They primarily handled hydrocarbons and chlorofluorocarbons and stored the waste at their facilities in Whittier, California. Due to leakage and improper handling, transport, and storage practices, there has been contamination of groundwater and soil by volatile organic compounds (compounds that can easily evaporate in air), and other metals. Removal activities began under the supervision of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in 1995 after thousands of drums of hazardous wastes, contaminated cylinders of up to 20,000 pounds, and hundreds of contaminated, empty drums were reported at the Omega site. A CERCLA administrative order was administered to the owner of the site to begin cleanup activities and the Omega Chemical Site PRP Organized Group was formed of potentially responsible parties to carry out the orders. Over 4,000 contaminated drums were removed from the property by this group and numerous soil and groundwater samples were evaluated for toxicity.
Major Contaminants
Tetrechloroethene (PCE)
Tetrachloroethene is a chemical often found in dry cleaning and degreasing agents and has been determined by the Department of Health and Human Services to likely be a carcinogen. It has been experimentally shown to cause liver and kidney tumors in mice and rats with prolonged exposure.
Trichloroethene (TCE)
Trichloroethene is a chemical commonly used as a solvent for metal cleaning and has been shown to remain in groundwater for a long time if leaked. Drinking TCE-contaminated water for a long time may cause liver and kidney damage, impaired fetal development, and possible immune system impairment. Prolonged exposure may also cause cancer.
Freons
Freons are chemicals used as coolants in refrigerators and as a pressurizing agent in aerosols. The EPA reports that prolonged exposure to small amounts of Freon is unlikely to cause adverse health effects.
Risks
While the majority of the Omega site is paved in concrete, direct contaminated soil contact at the site is a small risk, with the exception of exposure to construction workers who worked at the site. The greater risks lie in soil vapor exposure and groundwater contamination. Groundwater contamination is moving to the southwest from Whittier so drinking-water supply wells in the vicinity of the site and to the southwest are at risk of contamination. Multiple buildings near the site have also documented higher levels of toxic soil vapors.
Cleanup Efforts
The EPA proposed a cleanup plan in 2009 in order to reduce vapor intrusion risk, direct exposure risk, and migration of contaminants further down-gradient and to deeper levels. To do this, they proposed the use of Soil vapor extraction wells that remove and treat toxic vapors from the soil above the water table to keep them from contaminating the groundwater.
See also
List of Superfund sites in California
References
Superfund sites in California
Environment of Los Angeles
Whittier, California
Chemical companies established in 1976
Non-renewable resource companies established in 1976
Manufacturing companies disestablished in 1991
Non-renewable resource companies disestablished in 1991
1976 establishments in California
1991 disestablishments in California
Companies based in Los Angeles County, California
Defunct manufacturing companies based in Greater Los Angeles
Saint Michel was a 64-gun ship of the line of the French Navy, lead ship of their class.
Career
Built for the Crown, Saint Michel was originally manned by officers of the French East India Company. During the War of the Austrian Succession, Saint Michel was part of a squadron under Admiral de Rochambeau; on 17 August 1744, they captured the 20-gun near Gibraltar. In 1747, their command was transferred to Navy officers.
In 1761, they were recommissioned in Rochefort under Captain de Lizardais to serve in the Seven Years' War, to served in the Caribbean theatre, but they never actually departed. They were then refitted as a 60 gun ship in 1762.
During the American Revolutionary War, Saint Michel took part in the Battle of Ushant on 27 July 1778, under Mithon de Genouilly. They and later took part in the capture of HMS Ardent off Plymouth on 17 August 1779.
They took part in the Battle of Martinique in the Caribbean on 17 April 1780, under Chevalier d'Aymar.
On 11 December 1781, Bussy-Castelnau departed Cadiz with a squadron comprising Saint-Michel and the 74-gun Illustre, escorting three transports, to make their junction at Tenerife with another squadron under Guichen. the next day, they encountered a British squadron under Kempenfelt. In the subsequent Second Battle of Ushant, most of the French transports were captured by the British, except Marquis de Castries and Neptune-Royal, which reached Sainte-Croix carrying siege artillery and an artillery company.
Bussy sailed on towards the Indian Ocean, arriving to Table Bay in early April. They landed their troops to reinforce the Dutch Cape Colony against a possible British attack, and on 2 May they sailed to Isle de France (Mauritius), where Saint-Michel and Illustre arrived on 31, the transports following a few days later. Informed that Thomas d'Estienne d'Orves had left the island on 7 December 1781 with their squadron to attack Trincomalee, Bussy decided to attach the 40-gun frigate Consolante to their squadron, as well as 800 men from the garrison which they embarked on 9 transports, and go reinforce him.
On 21 August 1782, Ilustre and Saint-Michel arrived at Batacalo, making their junction with the squadron under Suffren. They were escorting 8 transports and preceded by the corvette Fortune, under Lusignan.
Appointed to Suffren's squadron in the Indian Ocean, they took part in the battles of Trincomalee. After D'Aymar was promoted to Annibal, Suffren appointed Lieutenant Beaumont le Maître to replace him. Saint Michel took part in the Cuddalore, before they returned to France in 1784.
Saint Michel carried out another mission to the Indian Ocean in 1787 before returning to France to be hulked the next year.
Notes, citations, and references
Citations
References
Ships of the line of the French Navy
1741 ships
Line 3 (Officially: North-South Line, Metro 3 or M3, and unofficially: Blue Line) is the third and longest line of the Budapest Metro. It runs in a general north-south direction parallel to the Danube on the Pest side, roughly following Váci út south from Újpest to the city center, then following the route of Üllői út southeast to Kőbánya-Kispest. Its daily ridership is estimated at 500,000. Like Line 1, it does not serve Buda.
History
The first decree for the third line was made in 1968. Construction started in 1970, and the first section was opened in 1976 with six stations. It was extended five stations to the south in 1980, and to the north in 1981, 1984 and 1990 with eventually nine extra stations, reaching its current length of 20 stations and , the longest line in Budapest. Soviet-made 81-717/714 carriages (as in many Eastern Bloc metro systems) operate on this line. Operation started with 4-car trains in 1976, expanded to 6-car trains in 1984. Six-car trains provide space for 1,097 people. It was planned for a daily ridership of 800,000 people.
Line 3 runs in a north-south direction (more exactly, from north-northeast to southeast) through the city and connects several populous microraion with the downtown. It has a transfer station with Line 1 and Line 2 at Deák Ferenc tér, and a transfer station for Line 4 at Kálvin tér.
Ongoing reconstruction
The Mayor of Budapest Gábor Demszky was warned in 2006 by BKV that the line would soon need reconstruction, but no steps towards this were made before the new mayor István Tarlós took office in 2010. Some trains were prone to burning or smoking issues, but this has caused neither fatalities nor serious injuries so far. Tarlós reacted by ordering the retirement of all trains that were more than 40 years old. They also started the reconstruction of the tracks, because they were reported as hazardous. In 2014 the mayor's administration published the plans for the complete reconstruction of the line and Viktor Orbán's government allowed the local government to finance the reconstruction of the trains by taking up loans. Repayment of the loans was guaranteed by the national government in case the municipal government was not able to pay. The municipal government requested EU funds to finance the reconstruction of the underground infrastructure (tunnels and stations), and the national government guaranteed that it would provide additional financing in case insufficient EU funds were obtained.
In January 2016 the first train for reconstruction was handed over to the Russian Metrowagonmash (the original manufacturer). Tarlós had preferred buying new trains, but was overruled by the Orbán government. The prototype of the reconstructed trains entered service on 20 March 2017. From then on, the number of reconstructed trains serving the line was scheduled to increase by 2 trains every month.
On 4 September 2017 contracts for reconstructing the tunnel and stations of the northern section were signed. The stations were to be finished by 31 December 2018 but in fact they were only reopened on 30 March 2019. The reconstruction of the southern section (Népliget – Kőbánya–Kispest) was started on 6 April 2019. On 22 October 2020 the southern, renovated section of Metro 3 was handed over. The Népliget station has become barrier-free, in 2021 Pöttyös utca and Ecseri út will also be barrier-free. The plan is to upgrade the metro at Arany János utca and Ferenciek tere from 9 March 2020, and from July 2020 at Corvin Negyed and Semmelweis Klinikák stations. Reconstruction between the Nyugati Pályaudvar and Semmelweis klinikák will begin after the southern section has been commissioned. At these stops, the underground trains pass non-stop while work continues. Overhauling the tunnel is set to be completed by 24 August 2020. After this reconstruction, the renewed trains will probably stay in service for more than 20 years before having to be replaced.
Criticism
Civil groups voiced their concerns over the lack of accessibility and air-conditioning. In response, Tarlós promised modular AC units would be installed on the trains and the government agreed to make all 20 stations accessible.
Timeline
Reconstructions
Rolling stock
Stations and connections
1Free-barrier only the Tram line 1. On 30 January 2020 the Árpád híd metro station was renamed Göncz Árpád városközpont.
Gallery
References
Budapest Metro
Railway lines opened in 1976
HC Meshkov Brest (Myashkov Brest, officially A. P. Myashkow Brest Handball Club, ) is a handball club from Brest, Belarus. They currently compete in the Belarusian First League of Handball, in the SEHA League and competed in the EHF Champions League.
The club is named in honor of Anatol Piatrovich Myashkow (Meshkov), promoter of handball in Belarus and sports enthusiast.
Crest, colours, supporters
Kits
Accomplishments
Belarusian First League
Champion (14x): 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022.
Runners-up (5x): 2003, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012
Belarusian cup
Champion (13x): 2004, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2011, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2020, 2021
SEHA League
Champion (1х): 2013
Performance history
Team
Current squad
Squad for the 2022–23 season
Goalkeepers
1 Denis Zabolotin
21 Ilya Usik
Left Wingers
14 Andrei Yurynok
35 Eduard Yarosh
Right Wingers
24 Maksim Baranau
25 Danila Viarheichyk
Line players
22 Viachaslau Shumak
42 Artsiom Selviasiuk
44 Aleh Tarasevich
78 Pavel Andreev
Left Backs
15 Uladzimir Rubiankou
28 Aliaksei Shynkel
91 Darko Stevanović
Central Backs
8 Alexei Solovev
10 Aliaksandr Padshyvalau
88 Valiantsin Kuran
Right Backs
4 Yahor Budzeika
17 Dmitry Artamonov
31 Mikalai Aliokhin
Notable players
Ivan Matskevich
Andrei Yurynok
Mikita Vailupau
Dzmitry Kamyshyk
Dzmitry Nikulenkau
Siarhei Shylovich
Viachaslau Shumak
Maxim Babichev
Vladimir Vranješ
Vladimir Božić
Ivan Pešić
Robert Markotić
Pavel Horák (handballer)
William Accambray
Baptiste Bonnefond
Dainis Kristopans
Alexander Shkurinskiy
Pavel Atman
Pavel Bashkin
Simon Razgor
Jaka Malus
Staš Skube
Miloš Kostadinović
Rastko Stojković
Notable former coaches
Gintaras Savukynas
Željko Babić
Serhiy Bebeshko
Manolo Cadenas
Raúl Alonso
References
External links
Official website
Official website
Belarusian handball clubs
Sport in Brest, Belarus
The FV Diefflen is a German association football club from the Diefflen suburb of Dillingen, Saarland.
The club's greatest success has been to earn promotion to the tier five Oberliga Rheinland-Pfalz/Saar in 2014.
History
The club was formed in 1907, originally under the name of FC Diefflen. At the time a number of loosely organised clubs existed in Diefflen which all merged into the current club, FV Diefflen, in 1919. At the end of the First World War, Diefflen, like the rest of the Saarland, was occupied by the French military. The new club had a good relationship with the later which helped in the formation and lead to the first three games of the new FV being played against French military teams. From 1920 onwards the club participated in competitive football. The club struggled for many years to find a home ground, until 1927 when the Dillinger Hüttenwerk leased grounds to the former for 99 years. Diefflen rose to the Kreis-Liga Saar-Mosel by 1930, the local second division of football, where it faced much stronger opposition, like Eintracht Trier.
In post-Second World War football FV Diefflen played a number of seasons in the tier-three Amateurliga Saarland, the highest league in state, from 1956 to 1961 and, again from 1962 to 1964 and in 1970–71. The later meant a more permanent departure from the states the highest league, with FV Diefflen not to return to this level for 40 years. The following season, 1971–72, it dropped from the 2. Amateurliga as well. After an era of local amateur football play the club returned as a lower table side in the Bezirksliga Saarland-West in 1978–79 and, again, from 1990 to 1994 but was relegated again on both occasions. It took until 2004 for Diefflen to make another return to the Bezirksliga, after a championship in the Kreisliga A which the club had played in for the previous decade. Now a stronger side the club took only two seasons to earn another promotion, to the Landesliga Saarland-Südwest in 2006.
FV Diefflen's rise continued in 2009 when it won promotion to the now expanded Verbandsliga Saarland. The Saarlandliga having been introduced in 2009 the club earned promotion to this league as well in 2011, after a second place in the Verbandsliga.
FV Diefflen finished the 2013–14 season as the runners-up of the Saarlandliga and thereby qualified for the promotion round with the runners-up of the Rheinlandliga, SV Morbach, and the Verbandsliga Südwest, FC Fortuna Mombach. With a win and a draw in this round the club earned promotion to the Oberliga Rheinland-Pfalz/Saar for the first time in its history. It was relegated back to the Saarlandliga after one season there but won the 2015–16 league championship there and returned to the Oberliga.
Honours
The club's honours:
Saarlandliga
Champions: 2016
Runners-up: 2014
Verbandsliga Saarland
Runners-up: 2011
Landesliga Saarland-Südwest
Runners-up: 2009
Bezirksliga Saarland-West
Champions: 2006
2. Amateurliga Saar-West
Champions: 1962, 1970
Recent seasons
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
With the introduction of the Regionalligas in 1994 and the 3. Liga in 2008 as the new third tier, below the 2. Bundesliga, all leagues below dropped one tier. With the introduction of the Saarlandliga in 2009 all leagues below dropped one tier.
Key
References
External links
Official team site
Das deutsche Fußball-Archiv historical German domestic league tables
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in Saarland
Association football clubs established in 1907
1907 establishments in Germany
DJ Luck & MC Neat are a British musical duo, composed of Joel Samuels (a.k.a. DJ Luck) and Michael Rose (a.k.a. MC Neat) mainly performing a combination of house music and UK garage. They had three consecutive top 10 hits in the United Kingdom from 1999 to 2000.
Career
They are primarily known for their 1999 single, "A Little Bit of Luck", which started as a promotional dubplate, released at the price of £5. The track peaked at #9 in the United Kingdom in January 2000. That same year, they released a cover of "Master Blaster (Jammin)" by Stevie Wonder, retitled "Masterblaster 2000", which featured the vocals of JJ, who is on a number of Luck & Neat's songs. The track was their highest British chart entry, reaching #5 in June 2000. Their version of Ollie & Jerry's "Breakin'... There's No Stopping Us", retitled as "Ain't No Stoppin' Us", reached #8 in October that year. The duo also made an appearance on Top of the Pops performing their UK #12 track, "Piano Loco".
After the initial three charts hits they enjoyed, the majority of their work, along with their debut album, was produced along with, or by, the underground musician Shy Cookie, who was responsible for the shift in their music from sample based to programmed (original) and live instruments, helping them to maintain underground credibility that in turn helped fuel their mainstream success.
By 2002, they were billed more simply as Luck & Neat.
Discography
Albums
A Little Bit of Luck (2001)
It's All Good (2002) - UK #34
Kiss Garage Presented By DJ Luck & MC Neat (2000)
DJ Luck & MC Neat Presents... (2000)
DJ Luck & MC Neat Present... II (2001)
DJ Luck & MC Neat Present... III (2001)
Singles
References
UK garage duos
English electronic music duos
English dance music groups
Male musical duos
Musical groups established in 1999
Musical groups from London
1999 establishments in England
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C27H24O18}}
The molecular formula C27H24O18 (molar mass: 636.46 g/mol, exact mass: 636.0963 u) may refer to:
1,3,6-Trigalloyl glucose
1,2,6-Trigalloyl glucose
1,2,3-Trigalloyl glucose
Samuel Lopes Robalo Pedro (born 24 April 2001) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a winger for Slovenian PrvaLiga side Olimpija Ljubljana.
Club career
Pedro made their debut for Boavista in a 4–1 Primeira Liga loss to S.L. Benfica on 6 December 2019. They joined Benfica in January 2020, linking with the B squad.
On 8 July 2022, they signed a three-year contract with Slovenian PrvaLiga side Olimpija Ljubljana.
References
External links
BDFutbol Profile
2001 births
Living people
People from Aveiro, Portugal
Sportspeople from Aveiro District
Association football wingers
Portuguese footballers
Portugal youth international footballers
Portuguese people of Cape Verdean descent
Boavista F.C. players
S.L. Benfica B players
S.C. Covilhã players
NK Olimpija Ljubljana (2005) players
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Portuguese expatriate footballers
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Events in the year 1225 in Norway.
Incumbents
Monarch: Haakon IV Haakonsson
Events
Arts and literature
Births
Deaths
7 November – Nicholas Arnesson, bishop (born c. 1150).
References
Norway
Mihaela Ignat (born 3 May 1976) is a Romanian handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1976 births
Living people
Romanian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Romania
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Constanța
Christian van Uffelen (born 19 December 1966 in Offenbach am Main) is a Dutch-German author and art historian, active in Stuttgart.
Biography
They studied Art History at the University of Münster and afterwards at the University of Mainz, where they obtained their MA.
Their focus is on medieval architecture, classical modernity and contemporary construction. They have written several newspaper articles and books on these topics as well as a great number of articles on art and architectural history, in general for encyclopedias.
Selected works
Berlin: Architecture and Design, teNeues Verlag, 2003,
Paris - The Architecture Guide (with Markus Golser), Braun Publishing, 2008,
Cinema Architecture, Braun Publishing, 2009,
Masterpieces: Bridge Architecture + Design, Braun Publishing, 2009,
Street Furniture, Aurora Production AG, 2010,
Contemporary Museums - Architecture, History, Collections, Braun Publishing, 2010,
Re-Use Architecture, Braun Publishing, 2009,
Light in Architecture - Architecture in Focus, Braun Publishing, 2011
Airport Architecture - Architecture in Focus, Braun Publishing, 2012
References
External links
Chris van Uffelen - Braun Publishing
Works by Chris van Uffelen
1966 births
Living people
German people of Dutch descent
People from Offenbach am Main
University of Münster alumni
Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz alumni
German architectural historians
German art historians
German male non-fiction writers
A Nation Like No Other: Why American Exceptionalism Matters is a political nonfiction book by American politician and author Newt Gingrich. It deals with American exceptionalism, and how the modern-day conservative take on the theorem relates to that of the Founding Fathers.
References
2011 non-fiction books
Books by Newt Gingrich
Sword Of Justice is an American action-adventure television series that aired on NBC for one season during 1978 and 1979.
Synopsis
Dack Rambo starred as Jack Martin Cole, who had emerged from an unjust prison sentence to become a rich playboy by day and a troubleshooting mercenary at night, à la The Saint. Bert Rosario co-starred as Hector Ramirez, a former petty crook who was Cole's junior partner and former cell-mate, and Alex Courtney, another series regular, appeared as Arthur Woods, an attorney who had unsuccessfully defended Cole on criminal charges, who – from their involvement in that case – was motivated to head a special federal task force for the Justice Department to fight white-collar crime. Their associate and partner in the task force was a federal agent known only by the family name of Buckner (Colby Chester).
Cole had previously been a full-time playboy, but their family had powerful enemies who framed them for embezzlement. Arthur Woods defended Cole at their trial, but without success. After being wrongly convicted, they served a prison sentence for the crimes they had not committed, à la The Rockford Files; Ramirez became their cell-mate during this period. During their confinement, Cole's parents died, and their family fortune was almost totally destroyed by their enemies. Bitter, hateful, and rage-filled as a direct result of their misfortunes, Cole swore revenge. To that end, once they returned to prison after attending their dead parents' funerals, they learned how to crack safes, break into banks, and most of the other secrets of the criminal trade. Upon their release, they decided to turn the tables on such above-the-law criminals as they blamed for their misfortunes by fighting them at their own game, à la It Takes a Thief, and using a unique way to leave their message: the "3" from a deck of cards, indicating how many years they spent behind bars. On these cards would be a written warning for the criminal(s).
The three of clubs would read: "The club is the sign of vengeance—it holds no man as friend." However, they would also leave clues for Woods to follow, not revealing their true identity. They would leave these with the three of diamonds. In the first installment of the series, "A Double Life," this card read: "A diamond's suit means, 'Fill your cup with wealth and worldly things.'" If there were persons Cole was assisting or protecting, they would leave the three of hearts with them. Presumably, the heart indicated compassion, concern, caring, and a wish not to see this person come to harm. The three of spades would mark the end of the game, and this card read: "The spade is the sword of justice—its rapier marks the end." In the pilot installment, later re-edited into the made-for-television film "A Double Life," the club was the sword; the spade, the vengeance sign. The second series installment, "Aloha, Julie Lang," reversed this.
The primary enemy Cole brought down in Sword Of Justice: "A Double Life" was played by Larry Hagman. Rambo and Hagman would later work together on Dallas.
Cast
Production
The series was produced by Glen A. Larson, who later incorporated the ideas of the choice of a lead best known for daytime television and of a lone crusader protecting helpless, powerless, and/or innocent people against white-collar, above-the-law criminals into Knight Rider.
Episodes
External links
1978 American television series debuts
1979 American television series endings
American action television series
1970s American drama television series
English-language television shows
NBC original programming
Television series by Universal Television
Television series created by Glen A. Larson
American action adventure television series
Television shows set in Chicago
Bhadradri Thermal Power Station is a proposed power plant project located near Edulla Bayyaram at Manuguru in the Indian state of Telangana.
History
Chief Minister of Telangana Kalvakuntla Chandrashekar Rao laid down foundation stone for this project on 28-March-2015. The project started to help resolve the power crisis in Telangana. TS Govt is planning to make this plant operational within three years. Plant construction is by Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited.
MoEF has given environment clearance to the project on 15.03.2017 and BHEL has start EPC works on war footing to complete the first Unit by 2019. The first unit was synchronised on 19.09.2019, full load was achieved on 20.03.2020 and Trial run completed on 05.06.2020.
Capacity
References
Khammam district
Coal-fired power stations in Telangana
Government of Telangana
KCR Government initiatives
Proposed infrastructure in Andhra Pradesh
Proposed power stations in India
2020 establishments in Telangana
Willie Sanderson is a Scottish curler.
 They are a and a two-time Scottish men's champion (1971, 1978).
Teams
References
External links
Living people
Scottish male curlers
Scottish curling champions
Year of birth missing (living people)
Eugen Pusić (1 July 1916 – 20 September 2010) was a Croatian jurist, university professor and academician specialized in social affairs and welfare.
Career
Pusić was born in Zagreb, where they studied at the Faculty of Law of the University of Zagreb, receiving their doctorate in 1939. From November 1939 to August 1940 they served in the Royal Yugoslav Army.
During the WWII
From April 1941 to May 1945 they served as a captain-judge in the Croatian Home Guard and was rewarded the War Memorial Sign in 1944. As is evident from the state archives documents they worked for the institutions of the Nazi-puppet state, so-called Independent State of Croatia (NDH). However, according to some unconfirmed statements they also are a mole for resistance movement led by the Yugoslav Partisans throughout the war. Their daughter Vesna Pusić also claimed that their father was an associate of Partisans. When the Partisans liberated Zagreb on 8 May 1945 Pusić was arrested with many other NDH officials, who failed to escape the town, on suspicion of collaboration with occupiers (Nazis and Ustaše). They were later saved from prison by the partisan general Ivan Rukavina who was commander of the First Corps of the Yugoslav Partisans from 1943. The fact that they were saved immediately after the liberation of Zagreb and that after the war they worked on high positions in the SFR Yugoslavia certainly suggest that it has something to do with their collaboration with the partisans during the war.
After the WWII
From 1955 to the mid-1960s, Pusić was a lecturer and extraordinary professor in Zagreb Faculty of Law, as well as actively involved in the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts, holding posts such as the director of the Juraj Križanić Cabinet of Legal, Political and Social Sciences as well as secretary and member of the Presidency. In addition, Pusić was corresponding member of both, Slovenian and Montenegrin Academy of Sciences and Arts.
Outside Croatia Pusić also lectured at the University of Manchester (1963), University of California at Berkeley (1969), University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia (1972) and was a fellow at the Institute of Social Studies and the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences at Stanford.
Pusić served as an expert at the United Nations on several occasions, providing advice on social affairs and welfare. Pusić won many awards for their contributions to the disciplines of social policy and organizational behavior. The Institute of Social Studies (ISS) in The Hague awarded its honorary doctorate to Eugen Pusić in 1962.
They have daughter Vesna who is a sociologist and politician and son Zoran who is a civil rights and peace activist.
Works
Books
Administration and Society (Co-Authors S. Ivanisevic, J. Kregar, Par. Pavic, I. Perko-Separovic, S. Petkovic, M. Ramljak, I. Šimonović) Zagreb, the Institute for Social Research, University of Zagreb, 1986, 399 pages.
Order and Randomness in Cooperative Systems, Pittsburgh, International Studies Association, 1977, 200 pages.
Social Welfare and Social Development, The Hague-Paris, Mouton, 1972, 251 pages
Participation and the multidimensional development of complexity / Eugen Pusic / Vienna, Vienna Institute for Development, 1972. - 30 pages.
Social welfare and social development / by Eugen Pusic / The Hague etc.: Mouton; ISS, 1972. - 251 pages.
Planning the social services in developing countries: process and structures / Eugen Pusic / The Hague: Mouton; Institute of Social Studies (ISS), 1965. - 30 pages.
Social welfare policy: first collection: contributions to theory / ed. by J.A. Ponsioen / 's-Gravenhage: Mouton, 1962. - 287 pages.
Urban government for Zagreb, Yugoslavia / Eugen Pusic and Annmarie Hauck Walsh / New York: Praeger.
Articles
The relationship of economic organizations and community-to manual for members of management bodies of the workers, Labor, Belgrade, 1958, pp. 36–71.
Development and the present state administration study, Archives of legal and social science, 44/1957, no. 1, pp. I40-153. 3I.
Citizens Management in the Social Services in Yugoslavia, Nordisk Administrativ Tidsskrift, 1957, pp. 132–145.
Some problems of construction personnel in our public administration, the Bulletin of the organization administration, Zagreb, 1957, no. 11, pp. 437–446.
The development of social management in FNRJ, the Institute for the social management, Zagreb, 1957.
The Framework of Social Welfare Research - in: The Relation between Research, Planning and Social Welfare Policy, Geneva, 1957, pp. 77–85.
The FPR Yugoslavia and their Social Services, Malaiskunta, Helsinki, 1956, no. 2, pp. 44–46.
Social work and social workers, our reality, 10/1956, no. 3, pp. 312–317.
Subject, goals and tasks of administrative science, our legality, 10/1956, no. 3, pp. 97–103.
Centralization and decentralization, the new administration, 4 / 1956, no. 3, pp. 290–301.
Some theories about centralization and decentralization, Proceedings of the Law Faculty in Zagreb, 6 / 1956, no. 1–2, pp. 34–43.
Industrialisation and social work, Social Policy, 6 / 1956, no. 9, pp. 32–37.
Differences in Attitude of Public Administration, Bestuurswetenschappen, September 1956, no. 5, pp. 319–343.
Families and social services, our reality, 10/1956, no. 11–12, pp. 480–488
Some Problems of Procedure in Public Administration, the Institute of Social Studies, 1955, pp. 1–43.
Local administrations in Finland, our legality, 9 / 1955, no. 3, pp. 117–121. Social Welfare in Finland, Social Policy, 5 / 1955, no. 5, pp. 76–80.
Organization of administration, our legality, 8 / 1954, no. 1, pp. 1–8.
Social Work - A Branch of Administration or a Method of Work - in: New Trends in European Social Work, Vienna, 1954, pp. 79–86.
Functions of social workers, Social Policy, 4 / 1954, no. 11–12, pp. 52–57.
The Development of Social Services in FPR Yugoslavia, the UN, Social Division, Geneva, MTAA / 40 / 1954, 20 pp.
Training of social workers in FNRJ, Social Policy, 3 / 1953, no. 5, pp. 33–35.
State corporations in the U.S. administration, Views, 1953, no. 7, pp. 491–497.
Realism in our administration, the Croatian round, 5 / 1982, no. 1, pp. 15–17.
Social worker as a profession, Social Policy, 2 / 1952, no. 10, pp. 573–578.
Age and family insurance in the United States, Social policy, 1 / 1951, no. 7, pp. 263–258.
Child protection in the United States, Social policy, l J 1951, no. 8–9, pp. 324–327.
Scraps of American local government, the National States, 1951, no. 6–7, pp. 52–55, no. 8, pp. 35–45.
Subject doctrines of administration, the National States, 1951, no. 11–12, pp. 83–89.
Social care in the United States, Social care, 3 / 1950, no. 10–11, pp. 400–405.
References
Sources
Umro akademik Eugen Pusić, otac Vesne Pusić
External links
Profile at Institute of Social Studies
Profile at Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts
1916 births
2010 deaths
University of Zagreb faculty
Lawyers from Zagreb
Members of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts
Faculty of Law, University of Zagreb alumni
University of California faculty
University of Pennsylvania faculty
United Nations experts
Members of the Montenegrin Academy of Sciences and Arts
Croatian Home Guard personnel
Obo is a small town in the Kwahu South district in Eastern Ghana.
References
Populated places in the Eastern Region (Ghana)
The St. James Church in St James, Cape Town, South Africa, is a large church whose building was built circa 1900.
References
Churches completed in 1900
Churches in Cape Town
"It's a Miracle" is a 1975 single by Barry Manilow and was the second release from their album, Barry Manilow II. "It's a Miracle" went to number twelve on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and was Manilow's second number one on the U.S. Easy Listening chart, spending one week at number one in April 1975. The single also peaked at number fifteen on the disco/dance chart, and was the first of four entries on the chart. "It's a Miracle" was followed by "Could It Be Magic".
In Canada, "It's a Miracle" was a number one hit, spending two weeks at the top spot. It was their second and final number one song in that nation, and is ranked as the 25th biggest Canadian hit of 1975.
The song describes the rigors of a long concert tour across America. The "miracle" is coming home and rediscovering love and intimacy after having gone for a protracted time without it. Once the singer returns home, they are determined to never leave again.
Cash Box said that it's "an up-tempo, rocking tune with a great dance rhythm."
"It's a Miracle" is traditionally the first song played at Barry Manilow concerts. The album version of the song features riffs from a saxophone at the instrumental outro.
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
See also
List of number-one adult contemporary singles of 1975 (U.S.)
References
External links
(Single edit, hit version)
(Studio LP version)
1975 singles
Barry Manilow songs
Songs written by Barry Manilow
RPM Top Singles number-one singles
Song recordings produced by Ron Dante
Songs with lyrics by Marty Panzer
1974 songs
Arista Records singles
Derick Close (born 13 May 1927 in Bowes, County Durham, England) was a former international motorcycle speedway rider who reached the final of Speedway World Championship in 1952.
Career
Close started their career with the Middlesbrough Bears in 1947 followed by a short spell on loan with the Newcastle Diamonds at the start of 1948. They returned to the Bears and established themselves in the team. In 1949 they rejoined Newcastle where they spent the next three seasons before joining the Lanarkshire Eagles mid season in 1951.
The 1952 season proved to be the best of their career after receiving a call up to ride for England despite riding in National League Division Two, having never ridden in the top flight. They also reached the final of the Speedway World Championship. In 1953 they suffered a fractured skull and although they rode well again in 1954 they suffered a drop in form after joining the Leicester Hunters in 1955 and retired at the end of the season.
World final appearances
1952 – London, Wembley Stadium – 14th – 4pts
References
1927 births
Year of death missing
British speedway riders
English motorcycle racers
Newcastle Diamonds riders
Leicester Hunters riders
People from Barnard Castle
Mary Lizzie Macomber (August 21, 1861 – February 4, 1916) was an American artist who painted in the Pre-Raphaelite style.
Life and work
Macomber was born in Fall River, Massachusetts, the daughter of Frederick William and Mary White Poor Macomber. Them father was a jeweler and their family was of Quaker and Pilgrim descent. As a young woman they took painting lessons with Robert S. Dunning, a prominent still life painter. After about three years with Dunning they began studying at the school of the Boston Museum of Fine Arts. In 1883 they had to discontinue their studies due to illness. After recovering they studied with Frank Duveneck.
Around 1885 Macomber started their own studio in Boston. After initially having painted still lifes they began to concentrate on allegorical works. Them first painting to be exhibited, Ruth, was shown at the National Academy exhibition of 1889. In total for the next 13 years they exhibited more than 25 works at the National Academy.
In 1893 two of their works Love Awakening Memory, and The Annunciation were exhibited in the Palace of Fine Arts at the World's Columbian Exposition. St. Catherine (1897) won the Dodge prize at the National Academy exhibition in New York. Some of their best-known works are: Love's Lament (1893), The Hour Glass (1900), The Lace Jabot (1900), Night and Them Daughter Sleep (1903), and Memory Comforting Sorrow (1905). They also worked as a poet and published a book of their poetry in 1914.
Much of their work was lost during a fire in their studio in 1903. They died at the Back Bay Hospital in Boston in 1916, at the age of 54. Them paintings are held in the Smithsonian and the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston.
Selected work
References
External links
1861 births
1916 deaths
19th-century American painters
20th-century American painters
20th-century American women artists
19th-century American women artists
Artists from Massachusetts
People from Fall River, Massachusetts
Pre-Raphaelite painters
Female Pre-Raphaelite painters
The Changi Chapel and Museum is a war museum dedicated to Singapore's history during the Second World War and the Japanese occupation of Singapore. After the British army was defeated by the Imperial Japanese Army in the Battle of Singapore, thousands of prisoners-of-war (POWs) were imprisoned in Changi prison camp for three and a half years. While interned there, the POWs built numerous chapels, one of which was named St George's Church.
History
During the Japanese occupation of Singapore, there were a number of chapels built and rebuilt within and around the Changi Prison, where Allied prisoners of wars were interned. The Japanese did not restrict the POWs' religious activities, and thus the POWs converted existing buildings and utilised scrap materials to build altars and furniture.
Among these chapels, the Roman Catholic Our Lady of Christians Chapel was dismantled after the war and moved to Australia, where it was reconstructed and unveiled in 1988 as part of the Prisoner of War National Memorial in Duntroon, Canberra. This chapel is also known as the Changi Chapel, and is often mistaken for the current replica chapel built next the Changi Prison. The current replica is based on the St George's Church, another chapel which was built during the occupation.
In 1988, Singapore built a museum and replica chapel, based on St George's Church, next to Changi Prison. When Changi Prison was expanded in 2001, the chapel and museum was relocated to a new site 1 km away and the Changi Chapel and Museum was officially established on 15 February 2001. A brass cross is placed on the altar of the replica chapel. It is known as the Changi Cross, and was made during the occupation by Harry Stogden out of a 45 mm howitzer shell.
From 2001 to 2017, Changi Museum was run by Singapore History Consultants, a private company which offers heritage education and research consultancy services. In 2018, the National Museum of Singapore took over operations of the museum from the Singapore Tourism Board, and it was closed for redevelopment after 17 years of operation.
The museum's reopening in 2020 was delayed a year due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and the newly renamed Changi Chapel and Museum was reopened virtually on 18 May 2021 by Edwin Tong, Minister for Culture, Community and Youth & Second Minister for Law.
Collection
The museum has 114 artefacts on display, including paintings, photographs and personal effects, many of which were donated by former POWs and their families. They give visitors a glimpse into the daily lives of the internees, the challenges they faced and eventual liberation.
Artefacts on display include a 400-page diary and a Kodak Baby Brownie camera, which were painstakingly hidden by some of the internees. The diary belonged to Mr Arthur Westrop, who wrote every entry as a letter to their wife, who was in Africa. The camera belonged to Sergeant John Ritchie Johnston and was given to them by their wife. Johnston managed to bring the camera with them to Changi and hid it from their captors during the entire period of their incarceration.
A re-created Changi Gaol cell gives visitors a glimpse into how the internees were housed and a sense of the cramped living confines of the internees. The re-created cell includes historical recordings of conversations between the internees which offer a glimpse into their living conditions and daily experiences.
Other familiar and significant objects include a section of the Changi Wall, a Morse code device hidden in a matchbox that was used by internees to transmit messages, a set of watercolour paintings by Mary Angela Bateman, who was among the thousands of women and children interned in Changi Prison, and the Changi Murals, a set of five Biblical murals painted by the POW Stanley Warren during their incarceration.
The museum now features eight galleries, which include:
Changi Fortress - This section introduces the history of Changi, which in the 19th century was largely covered by mangrove swamps and rainforests. In the 1920s, this quiet idyll began to change as the British started to construct batteries and barracks to protect Singapore from attack.
Fallen Fortress - This section covers the fall of Singapore as well as the fate that soldiers and civilians alike faced in the aftermath.
The Interned - Approximately 48,000 soldiers and civilians were marched to Changi, which was converted into a vast prison camp. This section spotlights the stories of the men, women, and children who were interned in Changi.
Life as POW – The day-to-day lives of those imprisoned in Changi are introduced in this section, along with remnants of the actual Changi Gaol.
Resilience in Adversity - This section offers a glimpse into both the hardships that the internees faced and how they responded to their situation.
Creativity in Adversity - Creative expression was deeply important to the internees, who found ways to write, draw, read, craft, play sports, and even stage concerts and plays. This section showcases their creative works.
Liberation - Japan surrendered on 15 August 1945, bringing an end to the three and a half years of the Japanese Occupation of Singapore. This section captures the internees' feelings about their liberation as well as what happened immediately after the war.
Legacies - The legacy of Changi prison camp continues to live on in the present day. In this concluding section, visitors can look up the names and stories of the internees, and view some artefacts that were produced to remember how they had survived the internment.
Some exhibits from the old Changi Museum are no longer on display. These include a series of paintings and sketches by a POW named William Haxworth which provide insight on the daily life of the internees during the occupation. In 1986, Haxworth's wife donated a collection of over 400 paintings and sketches to the National Archives of Singapore.
References
Literature
External links
Changi Chapel and Museum - Official Website
Museum
Military and war museums in Singapore
World War II museums
The Mongolian national rugby union team represents Mongolia in international rugby union play. Mongolia is a member of the International Rugby Board (IRB), and has yet to play in a Rugby World Cup. The Mongolian Rugby Football Union (MRFU), which governs the sport of rugby in the country, was established in 2003.
The first ever official match of Mongolia was played on 9 June 2009 in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, against Kyrgyzstan, finishing with a respectable 21–38 loss. This match took place as part of the second regional division of the 2009 Asian Five Nations. From 2010, Mongolia will compete within the newly introduced Division Four of the tournament, with the possibility of promotion.
Match Report
Kyrgyzstan: 38
Tries: Alexsandr Zolotukhim (3), Vladimir Salembayev, Sergey Samykin, Penalty Try
Conversions: Victor Zolotukhin (4)
Mongolia: 21
Tries: Zagdsuren Lkhagvatsezen, Enkhbat Dash-ochiz, Belegt Dambazavjaa
Conversions: Austin D. Gansukh (3)
Record
See also
Rugby union in Outer Mongolia
External links
Mongolia on IRB.com
Report of the Mongolia-Kyrgyzstan Match
Mongolia on rugbydata.com
Asian national rugby union teams
Rugby
Rugby union in Mongolia
The Zélé was a 74-gun ship of the line of the French Royal Navy. They were funded by a don des vaisseaux donation from the Régisseur général des finances.
Career
On 6 July 1779, they participated in the Battle of Grenada as a member of the Vanguard. Under Bruyères-Chalabre, they were part of the French blockade during Siege of Savannah in 1779.
In 1781 and 1782, was part of de Grasse's fleet in the naval operations in the American Revolutionary War. They took part in the Invasion of Tobago in May 1781 and in the Battle of the Chesapeake on 5 September 1781. under Charles-René de Gras-Préville.
In the night of 11 to 12 April 1782, Zélé collided with Ville de Paris, damaging Zélé which had to be taken in tow to repair at Martinique. This precipitated the French disorganisation and subsequent defeat in the Battle of the Saintes later that day.
Zélé was broken up in May 1806.
Sources and references
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Ships of the line
Ships of the line of the French Navy
Ships built in France
César-class ships of the line
1763 ships
Don des vaisseaux
