Al Ummah is a terrorist organisation mainly based in Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It was banned by the Government of Tamil Nadu for perpetrating the 1998 Coimbatore bombings.
History
Al Ummah was founded by Syed Ahmed Basha in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu in 1993, a year after the Babri Masjid demolition. It came under the spotlight after 1993 bomb blast near RSS office in Chennai in which 11 persons were killed. Basha and others were arrested under Terrorist and Disruptive Activities (Prevention) Act but they were released in 1997. In 1998, Al Ummah was planning to assassinate Bharatiya Janata Party leader L. K. Advani during the election campaign in Coimbatore. Advani, however, eventually escaped due to a delay in their flight. But in the serial bomb blasts in 18 places, 58 persons were killed. In 2013, Al Ummah also was involved in the bomb blast in Bangalore.
References
Islamic organisations based in India
Islamic terrorism in India
1993 establishments in Tamil Nadu
Organizations established in 1993
The Fun Bunch were the wide receivers and tight ends of the Washington Redskins of the National Football League during the early 1980s. It was also used as a nickname for the corps of talented offensive players during Ohio State's 2005 and 2006 football seasons.
Washington Redskins
Known for their choreographed group celebrations in the end zone (usually a group high-five) following a touchdown, the Fun Bunch's actions eventually resulted in a league-wide ban of "excessive celebration" in 1984.
The members of the Fun Bunch included the Redskins' wide receivers Art Monk, Virgil Seay, Charlie Brown, and Alvin Garrett, running back Otis Wonsley and tight ends Rick Walker, and Don Warren. Each won a Super Bowl with the Redskins, and three were chosen for the Pro Bowl. Art Monk was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
The first high-five leap performed by the Fun Bunch occurred after an Alvin Garrett touchdown in a 1982 first round playoff game against the Detroit Lions.
In the Fun Bunch, there was a sub-group nicknamed the Smurfs. The Smurfs consisted of Virgil Seay, Alvin Garrett, and Charlie Brown. The three were given the nickname because of their diminutive size (Garrett was 5'7", Seay known as Papa Smurf was 5'8", and Brown the tallest at 5'10"), comparing them to the tiny blue comic and cartoon characters in The Smurfs.
Ohio State football
"The Fun Bunch" was also used for the offensive players during Ohio State's 2005 and 2006 football seasons: wide receivers Anthony Gonzalez, Ted Ginn Jr., Santonio Holmes and quarterback Troy Smith. Although the nickname was initially employed only at the insistence of Columbus-based WSYX-TV sports anchor Clay Hall, its usage gained momentum in other media as the Buckeyes ran the table during the 2006 regular season leading up to their title-game loss to the Florida Gators.
See also
List of NFL nicknames
References
Nicknamed groups of American football players
Washington Commanders
John Chryselios () was a provincial magnate in late 10th-century Dyrrhachium, and the father-in-law of Tsar Samuel of Bulgaria (r. 997–1014).
Biography
Bulgarian in origin, Chryselios was the "leading man" (proteuon) of Dyrrhachium. According to another opinion, their name is not Bulgarian and there is no evidence that Chryselios was Bulgarian; it is suggested that they were of Armenian Paulician or Bogomil origin.
According to a note on the history of John Skylitzes, the Bulgarian tsar Samuel married Chryselios's daughter Agatha, who was taken captive after Samuel sacked the city of Larissa. It is possible that thereby Samuel managed to acquire control over the strategically important Adriatic port city.
After the Battle of Spercheios in 997, Samuel made their son-in-law Ashot Taronites, a Byzantine captive who had married their daughter Miroslava, governor of the city. In circa 1005, however, Ashot and Miroslava, with the connivance of Chryselios, fled on a Byzantine ship to Constantinople, bearing a letter by Chryselios that promised to hand over the city to the Byzantine emperor, Basil II (r. 976–1025), in exchange for the rank of patrikios for themselves and their two sons. Soon, a Byzantine squadron appeared off the city under Eustathios Daphnomeles, and the city returned to Byzantine rule, but Chryselios had died in the meantime. It is, however, possible that this episode actually took place as late as 1018, at the end of the Bulgarian war, since the chronology of the war's primary source, John Skylitzes, is unclear; while the Italian chronicle of Lupus Protospatharius gives a completely different date for the recovery of Dyrrhachium, 1004/5, and does not mention Chryselios at all.
Family
Apart from their daughter Agatha, modern Bulgarian scholars equate a patrikios Nicholas Chryselios or Nicholas the Bulgarian, recorded by Skylitzes as being active under Romanos III Argyros (r. 1028–34), with one of John Chryselios' sons. A certain Theodoretos, who was the father of Kosara, the wife of Prince Jovan Vladimir of Duklja, has also been suggested by modern scholarship as one of Chryselios' sons.
References
Sources
10th-century Bulgarian people
10th-century Byzantine people
History of Durrës
Bulgarian people of the Byzantine–Bulgarian Wars
Byzantine people of Slavic descent
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1691.
Events
March 17 – The Athenian Mercury begins twice-weekly publication in London.
May 5 – Bernard Le Bovier de Fontenelle becomes a member of the Académie française.
New books
Prose
Adrien Baillet – La vie de monsieur Descartes
Barbara Blaugdone – An Account of the Travels, Sufferings & Persecutions of Barbara Blaugdone. Given forth as a testimony to the Lord's power, and for the encouragement of Friends
Gerard Langbaine – An Account of the English Dramatic Poets
Maximilien Misson – Nouveau voyage d'Italie
Sir Dudley North – Discourses upon Trade
The Kingdom of Ireland
Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz – Respuesta a Sor Filotea de la Cruz
Drama
Anonymous – The Braggadocio, or Bawd Turn'd Puritan
John Bancroft – Edward III, with the Fall of Mortimer, Earl of March
Pedro Calderon de la Barca – Céfalo y Pocris
David-Augustin de Brueys & Jean Palaprat – Le Muet
John Dryden – King Arthur, or the British Worthy (a "semi-opera" with music by Henry Purcell)
Thomas d'Urfey – Love for Money
Joseph Harris – The Mistakes
William Mountfort – Greenwich Park
Archibald Pitcairne and others – The Phanaticks (first published as The Assembly, or Scotch Reformation, posthumously as "by a Scots Gentleman", 1722)
Jean Racine – Athalie
John Smith (probable author – issued anonymously) – Win Their and Take Her, or Old Fools will be Medling: a comedy
Thomas Southerne – The Wives Excuse
John Wilson – Belphegor, or the Marriage of the Devil published
Births
February 3 – George Lillo, English dramatist and actor (died 1739)
February 27 – Edward Cave, English printer and publisher (died 1754)
April 9 – Johann Matthias Gesner, German classicist (died 1761)
October 18 – John Leland, English theologian (died 1766)
Deaths
June 26 – John Flavel, English Presbyterian religious writer (born 1627)
July 30 – Daniel Georg Morhof, German writer and critic (born 1639)
October 8 – Thomas Barlow, English religious writer and bishop (born 1609)
October 10 – Isaac de Benserade, French poet (born 1613)
December 8 – Richard Baxter, English Puritan religious leader and writer (born 1615)
Probable year of death – Samuel Pordage, English poet and cleric (born 1633)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Law & Business (Russian: Закон и Бизнес; Ukrainian: Закон і Бізнес) is Ukraine's weekly legal newspaper. It circulates to lawyers, judges, and general counsel from state offices. The paper reports legal information of national importance, including legal news for the business and private sectors, court decisions, verdicts, practitioners' columns, and coverage of legislative issues.
The newspaper was founded in 1991, and as of 2011 its print circulation was about 16,000. It is published in the Russian and Ukrainian languages. Both language editions and its archives are freely available online.
Legal newspapers
Ukrainian-language newspapers
Russian-language newspapers published in Ukraine
Weekly newspapers published in Ukraine
Publications established in 1991
1991 establishments in Ukraine
Truviso (pronounced true-VEE-so) is a continuous analytics, venture-backed, startup headquartered in Foster City, California developing and supporting its solution leveraging PostgreSQL, to deliver a proprietary analytics solutions for net-centric customers. Truviso was acquired by Cisco Systems, Inc. on May 4, 2012.
History
Truviso was founded in 2006 by UC Berkeley professor Michael J. Franklin and their Ph.D. student Sailesh Krishnamurthy, advancing on the research of Berkeley's Telegraph project.
Truviso's TruCQ product leverages and extends the open source PostgreSQL database to enable analysis of streaming data, including queries that combine those streams with other streaming data or with historical/staged data. One public example of Truviso's customers using continuous analytics is the dynamic tag cloud visualization of blog indexer Technorati.
Truviso is one of the pioneers in the continuous analytics space which seeks to alter how business intelligence is done—rather than accumulating data first and then running queries on the data set stored in a relational database or a data warehouse, Truviso has always-on queries which process streaming data as it arrives, continuously. For many queries this approach yields results hundreds or thousands of times faster and more efficiently.
Truviso has received funding from ONSET Ventures, Diamondhead Ventures, and the UPS Strategic Enterprise Fund.
Truviso was acquired by Cisco on May 4, 2012
Technology
Truviso's analytics approach is to have always-on queries analyzing streaming data. This strategy for handling continuously flowing data is different from traditional business intelligence approaches of first accumulating data and then running batch queries for reporting and analysis.
Truviso has developed a continuous analytics solution to solve the challenges of high-volume, always-on data analysis. Truviso's solution is based on a scalable PostgreSQL platform capable of concurrent query execution, utilizing standard SQL against live streams of data. Truviso's approach enables analysis of heterogeneous data regardless of whether the data is flowing, staged, or some combination of the two.
Queries are continuous and always running so new results are delivered when the downstream application or use require them
Data does not need to be stored or modified, so the system can keep up with enormous data volumes
Thousands of concurrent queries can be run continuously and simultaneously on a single server
Queries can be run over both real-time and historical data
Incoming data can be optionally persisted for replay, backtesting, drill-down, or benchmarking
On May 4, 2010, Truviso announced that the company developed a specific application for web analytics called Visitor Insight & Analytics.
See also
Streaming Media List of streaming media companies
Event Stream Processing (ESP) is technology that focuses on processing streams of related data.
Event Driven Architecture (EDA) software architecture pattern promoting the production, detection, consumption of, and reaction to events.
Real-time business intelligence Application of business intelligence to dynamic, real-time business processes
Real-time computing CEP systems are typically real-time systems
Operational Intelligence Both CEP and ESP are technologies that underpin operational intelligence.
References
External links
James Taylor's "First Look" on Truviso
Continuous Analytics white paper
Business software
Business intelligence
Analytics companies
Data analysis software
PostgreSQL
Software companies based in the San Francisco Bay Area
Computer companies of the United States
Software companies established in 2006
Companies based in Foster City, California
Cisco Systems acquisitions
2012 mergers and acquisitions
Software companies of the United States
Vincent Martin Ball OAM (born 4 December 1923) is an Australian retired character actor of radio, stage and screen, active in the industry for nearly 55 years (with a brief return) firstly in Britain and then their native Australia. They have also authored a number of books.
 They are best known for film roles in British and Australian films and TV movies, including A Town Like Alice, Breaker Morant, Phar Lap, Muriel's Wedding and The Man Who Sued God
They appeared in numerous TV roles, primarily in cameo guest roles, but had recurring roles in serials like Rush, The Young Doctors and A Country Practice
Early life
Born in the town of Wee Waa, New South Wales, in 1923, to a father who worked as a linesman on the New South Wales Government Railways, Ball said they wanted to be an actor from an early age, particularly a "cowboy in the movies".
With the outbreak of the Second World War, Ball left their job with the Australian General Electric Company and, after military training in Canada, became a wireless air gunner with the Royal Australian Air Force, serving in Britain.
After the war, they returned to Australia and their old job, but soon decided to try amateur dramatics. To correct their accent, which had by then morphed into part Canadian, part Cockney and part Australian they took elocution lessons. They met (and later married) their teacher, leading Sydney actor Doreen Harrop. They have three children and live at Chittaway Point, New South Wales.
Acting career in Britain
Ball wrote letters asking for auditions. One was to the Rank Organisation which, impressed with their enthusiasm, told them to come to England and they would give them a screen test for a part in the 1949 British version of The Blue Lagoon. By the time they got to England, production was under way, but they got a job as stand in for Donald Houston in an underwater fight with an octopus. They were then cast as Jack Warner's son in Smiling Irish Eyes, (Talk of a Million).
They then won a scholarship to RADA. Having moved to Stowting, Kent, they appeared in supporting and uncredited movie roles in the UK for the next two and a half decades. They were a juvenile lead in Rain Before Seven, Barnett's Folly and Nitro, before moving into slightly larger parts in films such as A Town Like Alice, Robbery Under Arms, Sea of Sand, and Danger Within. In 1969, they played Cecil Carpenter in Where Eagles Dare, alongside Richard Burton and Clint Eastwood. Their television credits in Britain include Compact, Man in a Suitcase, The Troubleshooters, and Dixon of Dock Green, and a recurring role on the long-running UK soap opera Crossroads.
Career in Australia
Ball returned to Australia in 1973. They were soon very busy acting in films, theatre and television.
 They are best known for their work in Australian films and television series, including film roles in A Town Like Alice, Phar Lap, Breaker Morant, and Muriel's Wedding. Their credits in Australian television serials include Cop Shop, The Sullivans, The Young Doctors, The Flying Doctors, Grass Roots and All Saints. Their many roles in Australian mini-series or made for television films include Against the Wind, and the epic Anzacs.
In 2014, aged 91, they came out of retirement briefly to play a Second World War veteran named Tom Knight, in the Australian soap Home and Away, whom Alf Stewart (played by Ray Meagher) meets in hospital. The scenes went to air during April 2015, just before ANZAC Day
Publications (selected)
Honours
Ball was honoured with the OAM in the 2016 Australia Day honours list.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1923 births
Living people
20th-century Australian male actors
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
Australian male film actors
Australian male television actors
Royal Australian Air Force personnel of World War II
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Royal Australian Air Force airmen
Australian male novelists
21st-century Australian novelists
San Rafael is a district of the Guatuso canton, in the Alajuela province of Costa Rica.
History
San Rafael was granted the title of "ciudad" (city) by a law of May 4, 1970.
Geography
San Rafael has an area of km² and an elevation of metres.
It is located near the western edge of the San Carlos Plain (Llanura de San Carlos) in northern Costa Rica. It is 20 kilometers northeast of Lake Arenal, 40 kilometers southeast of Upala, 37 kilometers northwest of El Tanque, 90 kilometers northwest of Ciudad Quesada, 155 kilometers from the provincial capital city of Alajuela, and 183 kilometers from the national capital city of San José.
Demographics
For the 2011 census, San Rafael had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The district is covered by the following road routes:
National Route 4
National Route 143
National Route 733
Economy
San Rafael, often called Guatuso, is an agricultural town on the Río Frío and National Route 4. Cattle ranching and rice farming are major concerns in the area. The town has a gas station, banks, medical clinic, pharmacy, and a few basic restaurants and cabinas for lodging.
Tourism
Caño Negro Wildlife Refuge: a watery lowland of lush sloughs and marshes, a seasonal lake, and abundant wildlife. Boats can be hired at San Rafael for traveling 40-plus kilometers up the Río Frío to the reserve. The area is a birdwatcher's paradise. (52 kilometers northeast of San Rafael via Route 4 to Colonia Puntarenas and Route 138 to Caño Negro)
Venado Caves: a limestone cave of eight chambers, formed over millennia by a series of underground rivers. Giant spiders, swarms of bats and eyeless fish abound. Visitors must be accompanied by a guide. (25 kilometers southeast of San Rafael via Route 4 to Jicarito and Route 734 to Venado; the caves are located four kilometers south of the village of Venado)
Tenorio Volcano National Park: just 15 kilometers northwest of San Rafael, this park is host to the "teñideros" where the famous Rio Celeste turns from a crystal-clear river to a magnificent light blue one. The river also cascades into one of Costa Rica's most beautiful waterfalls within the park. The park itself is teeming with lush tropical wildlife that visitors can enjoy during several hours of hiking.
References
Districts of Alajuela Province
Populated places in Alajuela Province
The thoracic spinal nerve 8 (T8) is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 8 (T8).
References
Spinal nerves
The mixed doubles table tennis event was part of the table tennis programme at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. The event took place from 24 July to 26 July 2021 at Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium. This was the first time ever mixed doubles event contested in the Summer Olympics. Jun Mizutani and Mima Ito won Japan's first-ever table tennis Olympic gold medal.
The medals for the competition were presented by Li Lingwei, IOC Member, China; and the medalists' bouquets were presented by Raul Calin, ITTF Secretary General; Spain.
Qualification
Schedule
Seeds
The seeds were revealed on 18 July 2021. The results of the draw are announced on 21 July at the Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium.
(Final, silver medalists)
(Champions, gold medalists)
(Semifinals, bronze medalists)
(Quarterfinals)
(First round)
(Quarterfinals)
(Quarterfinals)
(Semifinals, fourth place)
(Quarterfinals)
(First round)
(First round)
(First round)
(First round)
(First round)
(First round)
(First round)
Draw
References
External links
Results Books : Tokyo 2020. The Tokyo Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games. (2021).
2020 Summer Olympics / Table Tennis / Doubles, Mixed. Olympedia.org
Mixed doubles
Mixed events at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Yoram Dori (born 1950) is a strategic advisor. They served for years as a close advisor for Israel's President Shimon Peres. Dori is the director general of Dori ltd.
Biography
Early Years
Dori was born in Tel Aviv. They served in the Israeli Army as an instructor for tank gunnery. In the Yom Kippur War, they fought in Sinai as a gunner in the 600th Tank Regiment. The tank was hit and the tank commander Mordechai Ilan Kitai was killed.
After their military service completed a B.A degree at Tel Aviv University Department of Political Science and Philosophy division. They earned a master's degree in the Department of Work Studies at Tel Aviv University.
Career
Dori served as acting secretary of the National organization of student members of the Israeli Labor Party. They worked as the manager of the youth department of the workers organization in Tel Aviv and took charge of the press and public relations division at the Jewish Agency and the World Zionist Organization in Tel Aviv. They served as spokesperson for Agency Chairman Simcha Dinitz, The Moshavim movement, the 11th Maccabiah Games and 12th and as an executive and spokesperson of Hapoel T.A.
They served as the spokesperson and media advisor for the Labor Party under the chairpersonship of Yitzhak Rabin, Shimon Peres and Ehud Barak. In the early millennium served as special advisor to the Peres Center for Peace.
After Peres was elected President of Israel, they were appointed as strategic advisor to the President. For many years they were the spokesperson of the World Restitution Organization (WJRO). They led the media campaign against Swiss banks on dormant accounts from the Holocaust.Yoram Dori is the spokesperson of "CIMI" and "the society of preservation of heritage sites in Israel". Dori was the chairperson of the board of Asia Pituach ltd and now they are a member of the board of Limmud fsu
Personal
Dori is married to Batia, has four children and 5 grandchildren and lives in Givat Shmuel near Tel Aviv.
References
External links
The Jerusalem Post - Similar but different
Israeli Jews
Israeli political consultants
Living people
1950 births
A canton is a type of administrative division of a country. In general, cantons are relatively small in terms of area and population when compared with other administrative divisions such as counties, departments, or provinces. Internationally, the most politically important cantons are the Swiss cantons. As the constituents of the Swiss Confederation, theoretically and historically, they are semi-sovereign states.
The term is derived from the French word canton, meaning "corner" or "district" (from which "cantonment" is also derived).
In specific countries
Cantons exist or previously existed in the following countries:
Cantons of Belgium
Cantonal Government of Bohol
Cantons of Bolivia
Cantons of Bosnia and Herzegovina: federal units of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Canada: Canadian French equivalent for the English word "township", since the translation municipalité is already used for a different level of government (see township).
Cantons of Quebec
Cantons of Costa Rica: national second order subdivision of the first order Provinces. Cantons are further subdivided into the third order Districts. Each canton has its own municipality, or local government.
Cantons of Ecuador: subdivisions below the provinces of Ecuador.
Cantons of El Salvador: divisions of a municipality outside the more urban caserios, which border the town or city. Cantones can be thought as the more rural parts of a city or town, generally far from the actual urban population.
Cantons of France: a subdivision of arrondissements and départements, grouping several communes.
Cantons of Lebanon: unofficial militias and factions during the Lebanese Civil War and afterwards. Most areas have been returned to Lebanese government control.
Cantons of Luxembourg: first order administrative subdivisions
Cantonal Government of Negros: short-lived provisional government in the Visayas during the Filipino-American Wars in the 19th–20th centuries Republic of Negros.
Cantons of Rojava (Western Kurdistan, Syria)
Cantons of Switzerland: each a semi-sovereign state within Switzerland.
Cantons of Togo: Subdivisions of Togo's prefectures, and further divided into villages.
subdivisions of vingtaines in Jersey
subdivisions of the parishes of Guernsey
In former countries
Cantons of Prussia: military enrollment districts between 1733 and 1813
Cantons of Eastern Rumelia, the subdivisions below the departments.
Cantons of the Soviet Union, subdivisions of several autonomous regions of the country before 1941.
In the Republic of New Granada, cantons were subdivisions below the provinces.
In 1873, "Cantonalists" took over the city of Cartagena, Spain, a haven for the Spanish Navy, and declared the city independent (see Cantonal Revolution).
References
Types of administrative division
Yuva is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
Baise is a city in Guangxi, China.
Baise may also refer to:
Baïse, river in south-western France
Baise Rajya, a loose confederation of 22 petty kingdoms annexed to Nepal between 1744 and 1810 AD
Festus Baise (born 1980), a Nigerian professional football player
Louis Baise (born 1927), South African Olympic wrestler
Byse, Shimoga, India
The Australian GT Trophy Series is an annual Australian motor racing competition for FIA GT3 cars and similar approved automobiles. It is managed by Trofeo Motorsport Pty Ltd and sanctioned by the Confederation of Australian Motor Sport (CAMS) as an Authorised Series.
Series winners
2016 – Rob Smith (Audi R8 LMS)
2017 – Steve McLaughlan (Audi R8 LMS Ultra)
2018 – Nick Kelly (Audi R8 LMS Ultra)
See also
Australian GT Championship
References
The Horn Lil' Trouble is a single-seat low-wing, homebuilt aircraft designed by Mark Horn.
Design and development
The wings and reversed struts were sourced from a Monocoupe. The fuselage is a modified Aeronca Defender. Landing gear and tail section is from a Piper Cub. The aircraft features dual controls with a jump seat in the baggage compartment that can accommodate a or lighter co-pilot.
Specifications (Horn Lil' Trouble)
References
Homebuilt aircraft
The 2021–22 season was the 115th season in the existence of Venezia F.C. and the club's first season back in the top flight of Italian football since 2001–02. In addition to the domestic league, Venezia participated in this season's edition of the Coppa Italia.
Players
First-team squad
Other players under contract
Include players not registered for current season.
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Serie A
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 14 July 2021.
Coppa Italia
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#DCDCDC; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#DCDCDC; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#DCDCDC; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#DCDCDC; text-align:center| Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#DCDCDC; text-align:center| Player transferred out during the season
|-
Notes
References
Venezia F.C. seasons
Venezia
Tarinain lähde is a 1974 poetry collection by Finnish poet and translator Aale Tynni.
1974 poetry books
Finnish poetry collections
Robin Hood's Well is a historic building beside the A1(M) motorway in Skellow, South Yorkshire, England. It was originally built in 1710 as a well house over a spring alongside the old Great North Road, but the structure was moved to its present location alongside the Doncaster By-Pass in what is known as Barnsdale (sometimes Barnsdale Forest).
Naming
The ballad "Robin Hood and the Curtal Friar" gives the figure of Robin Hood a connection to fountains, which may account for the original naming of the spring where the well was established. The well itself was given the name "Robin Hood's Well" by Charles Howard, 3rd Earl of Carlisle, who had the well named after the figure in an attempt to solidify the area's identity as the home of the legends.
Description
Robin Hood's Well is an ornamental well cover that was designed by Sir John Vanbrugh in 1710 for the 3rd Earl of Carlisle. The stone that makes up the well cover is finely cut, ashlar Magnesian Limestone. Three of its sides are made up of arched entrances with pendant keystones. Originally the well was built as a stepwell sourced from a spring alongside a park wall, with the spring lying at the base of some steps under the structure. The spring was buried in 1960 during the construction of the Doncaster By-Pass and the well was relocated away from its original location, being placed alongside the highway on a concrete foundation. After its relocation the structure was rehabilitated in 1993 with a stainless-steel frame to ensure its prolonged survival.
History
The stone structure known today as Robin Hood's Well was designed by Sir John Vanbrugh in 1710. It was erected to the east of the Great North Road. Barnsdale Forest had been associated with the legend of Robin Hood for centuries at the time of its construction, so Charles Howard, 3rd Earl of Carlisle had the well named after the figure in an attempt to solidify the area's identity as the home of the myths. The well house was moved from its original location during the construction of the Doncaster By-Pass in 1960. Hence it is no longer a real well, and now rests upon a solid concrete base. After its relocation it was listed as a Grade II building on 5 June 1968, affording it protections due to its historic value.
See also
Little John's Well
Listed buildings in Burghwallis
References
External links
Robin Hood's Well, Skellow
Robin Hood's Well on an OS map
Grade II listed buildings in South Yorkshire
Robin Hood
Doncaster
Water wells in England
Join Ventures is an Indian e-commerce company headquartered in Mumbai, India. It owns and operates ecommerce brands like IGP, Interflora, Masqa and IGP for Business. It provides services in fresh, food, home, and fashion categories in the online retail market segment. As of 2022, the company operates in 100 countries.
History
The company was founded by Tarun Joshi in 2019 and is focused on handmade and customized proprietary products. Joshi founded Join Ventures after assessing the potential of celebratory space in India. They started with two brands IGP, a D2C platform for gifting and Interflora India, a D2C brand for flowers. The company also runs IGP for Business, a B2B2C partner for reward management and corporate gifting.
It launched the live order tracking feature for its portfolio brands IGP and Interflora India in August 2021. In 2021, the company forayed into the food business by launching a D2C brand, Masqa, with an investment of US$7 million.
In February 2022, it raised US$10 million in series A round funding from DSG Consumer Partners, Rajiv Dadlani Group, 9Unicorns and Venture Catalysts. The raised funds will be utilized to expand the dark store network, tech advancement at the product level and logistics improvement. Presently, it has 20 dark stores supported by 3 mother warehouses and the company has expanded its warehousing facility in Jaipur, Rajasthan by 50K square feet. The company was awarded as 'D2C Brand of the Year 2022' for its brand, IGP, by Franchise India and IndianRetailer.com in the gifting category.
References
Retail companies of India
Companies based in Mumbai
Online retailers of India
Indian companies established in 2019
Retail companies established in 2019
2019 establishments in Maharashtra
Privately held companies of India
Elizabeth Ayton Godwin (4 July 1817 – 26 March 1889) was a Victorian era Christian hymn writer and religious poet. They were born at Thorpe Hamlet, Norfolk, England, 4 July 1817. Them father was William Ellis Etheridge. In 1849, they married Mr. C. Godwin. They published Songs for the weary, 1865; and Songs amidst Daily Life. Them hymn in collection is "My Saviour, 'mid life's varied scene" (Lent), written while still a girl, and first printed in the Evangelical Magazine, and then in Songs for the Weary, 1865. They died at Stoke Bishop, 26 March 1889.
Selected works
Songs for the Weary (1873)
Songs Amidst Daily Life (1878)
References
External links
1817 births
1889 deaths
19th-century English non-fiction writers
19th-century English women writers
19th-century English poets
19th-century British women musicians
People from Thorpe Hamlet
Protestant hymnwriters
British women hymnwriters
English women poets
English religious writers
English women non-fiction writers
The Lake Ngapakaldi to Lake Palankarinna Fossil Area is a group of fossil sites located in the Australian state of South Australia within the Tirari Desert in the north-eastern part of the state's Far North region. The group has an overall area of and is located about east of Lake Eyre and about north-north-east of Marree, off the Birdsville Track near Etadunna Station.
Description
The area consists of four lakes grouped into two areas located about apart. They are surrounded by extensive areas of sand dunes in a flat, arid landscape. The lake beds are largely unvegetated and usually dry. Low cliffs on the western margins of the lakes have produced a variety of Tertiary vertebrate fossils ranging in age from the late Oligocene to the Pleistocene.
Lakes Kununka, Ngapakaldi and Pitikanta
The following three lakes are located on the west side of the gazetted locality of Mulka with Lake Ngapakaldi being partly located within the locality of Lake Eyre:
Lake Kununka
Lake Pitikanta
Lake Ngapakaldi
Lake Palankarinna
Lake Palankarinna is located in the gazetted locality of Etadunna on the west side of the Birdsville Track to the south of the other three sites. The lake is part of a reserve known as the ‘Lake Palankarinna Fossil Reserve' which consists of part of the western half of the lake bed and a parcel of land to the west.
Status
The four sites are subject to a number of past and present heritage listings while one is located with a protected area:
All four sites were listed as one entity on the now-defunct Register of the National Estate (No.5905) on 21 October 1980.
Lakes Kanunka, Pitikanta and Ngapakaldi has been listed as state heritage places on the South Australian Heritage Register since 1997.
Lake Ngapakaldi is also partly located within the Kati Thanda-Lake Eyre National Park.
Lake Palankarinna and some adjoining land has been gazetted since 1954 as a ‘fossil reserve' under what is currently known as the Pastoral Land Management and Conservation Act 1989 in order to “prevent the exploitation for profit of these areas by non-scientists.” The fossil reserve has also been listed as a ‘state heritage place' since 1993.
See also
List of fossil parks
References
Notes
Sources
Further reading
Pledge, Neville S.; & Prideaux, Gavin John. (1996). The natural history of the Lake Palankarinna fossil reserve. South Australian Museum: Adelaide.
Oligocene paleontological sites
Miocene paleontological sites
Pliocene paleontological sites
Pleistocene paleontological sites of Australia
Ngapakaldi
Lake Eyre basin
Salt flats of Australia
South Australian places listed on the defunct Register of the National Estate
Far North (South Australia)
Fossil parks in Australia
South Australian Heritage Register
Cenozoic paleontological sites of Australia
Paleontology in South Australia
Slovenia participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 with the song "Verjamem" written by Vladimir Graić, Hari Mata Hari and Igor Pirkovič. The song was performed by Eva Boto. Slovenian broadcaster Radiotelevizija Slovenija (RTV Slovenija) organised the national final Misija EMA 2012 in order to select the Slovenian entry for the 2012 contest in Baku, Azerbaijan. Two finalists selected through the talent selection Misija Evrovizija competed in the national final where the winner was selected over two rounds of voting. In the first round, each finalist performed three songs and the top two entries were selected by a four-member jury panel and a public vote. In the second round, "Verjamem" performed by Eva Boto was selected as the winner entirely by a public vote.
Slovenia was drawn to compete in the second semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest which took place on 24 May 2012. Performing during the show in position 9, "Verjamem" was not announced among the top 10 entries of the second semi-final and therefore did not qualify to compete in the final. It was later revealed that Slovenia placed seventeenth out of the 18 participating countries in the semi-final with 31 points.
Background
Prior to the 2012 contest, Slovenia had participated in the Eurovision Song Contest seventeen times since its first entry in . Slovenia's highest placing in the contest, to this point, has been seventh place, which the nation achieved on two occasions: in 1995 with the song "Prisluhni mi" performed by Darja Švajger and in 2001 with the song "Energy" performed by Nuša Derenda. The country's only other top ten result was achieved in 1997 when Tanja Ribič performing "Zbudi se" placed tenth. Since the introduction of semi-finals to the format of the contest in 2004, Slovenia had thus far only managed to qualify to the final on two occasions. In 2011, "No One" performed by Maja Keuc qualified to the final and placed thirteenth.
The Slovenian national broadcaster, Radiotelevizija Slovenija (RTV Slovenija), broadcasts the event within Slovenia and organises the selection process for the nation's entry. RTV Slovenija confirmed Slovenia's participation in the 2012 Eurovision Song Contest on 24 June 2011. The Slovenian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest has traditionally been selected through a national final entitled Evrovizijska Melodija (EMA), which has been produced with variable formats. For 2012, the broadcaster opted to organise EMA 2012 to select the Slovenian entry, which would consist of two phases.
Before Eurovision
Misija Evrovizija
Misija Evrovizija was the first phase of the Slovenian national final used by RTV Slovenija to select Slovenia's entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2012. The competition involved a three-month-long process that commenced on 2 October 2011 and concluded on 8 January 2012 with two finalists that would proceed to Misija EMA 2012. The competition took place at the RTV Slovenija studios in Ljubljana, hosted by Klemen Slakonja and 2011 Slovenian Eurovision entrant Maja Keuc, and was broadcast on TV SLO1 and online via the broadcaster's website rtvslo.si.
Judges
During the live shows, a four-member judging panel was responsible for selecting contestants to advance as well as to select those who would be exempt for elimination. The judging panel consisted of:
Darja Švajger – Singer, vocal coach and 1995 and 1999 Slovenian Eurovision entrant
Jonas Žnidaršič – Television personality
Raay – Singer-songwriter
Tina Marinšek – Singer
Auditions
Artists aged over 16 were able to attend the producers' auditions that took place between 26 August 2011 and 30 August 2011 in five cities across Slovenia: Celje, Novo Mesto, Koper, Maribor and Ljubljana. The competition producers selected 130 contestants for the judges' auditions from the auditioning acts. During the judges' auditions, the contestants performed in front of a three-member judging panel and thirty-two were selected to compete in the live shows.
Results summary
Colour key
– Contestant was eliminated
– Contestant was in the bottom two
Round 1
The 32 contestants competed in the first round of Misija Evrovizija over four shows, with 8 contestants in each. 4 contestants from each advanced in the competition as two were saved by the public vote and the other two were saved by the judges.
Round 2
The remaining 16 contestants competed in the second round of Misija Evrovizija over two shows, with 8 contestants in each. 4 contestants advanced in the competition as two were saved by the public vote and the other two were saved by the judges.
Round 3
The remaining 8 contestants competed in the third round of Misija Evrovizija over four elimination shows. The judges selected 2 contestants up for eviction, with one being saved by the public vote. Due to the Slovenian parliamentary election on 4 December 2011, the tenth show was postponed to 11 December 2011.
Semi-final
The remaining four contestants competed in the semi-final of Misija Evrovizija. A public vote selected two contestants up for eviction, with one being saved by the judges.
Final
The remaining three contestants competed in the final of Misija Evrovizija. Two were selected to compete in Misija EMA 2012. A public vote selected the first finalist and the judges selected the other finalist.
Misija 2012
Misija 2012 aired on 31 December 2011 for the New Year of Misija Evrovizija. The top eight contestants of Misija Evrovizija and former EMA contestants performed during the show.
Misija EMA 2012
Misija EMA 2012 was the 17th edition of the Slovenian national final format Evrovizijska Melodija (EMA). The competition was used by RTV Slovenija as the second phase of the Slovenian national final to select their entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2012. The competition was broadcast on TV SLO1 and online via the broadcaster's website rtvslo.si and the official Eurovision Song Contest website eurovision.tv.
Format
Three songs performed by each of the two Misija Evrovizija finalists, Eva Boto and Eva and Nika Prusnik, competed in a televised show where the winner was selected over two rounds of voting. In the first round, the points from a three-member expert jury and public televoting selected one finalist out of the three competing songs per artist to proceed to a superfinal. Both the expert jury and the televote awarded 1, 3 and 5 points to their top three songs performed by each artist with the top two being determined by the songs that receive the highest scores when the jury and public votes are combined. Ties were broken by giving priority to the song that achieved a higher number of scores from the jury. In the superfinal, public televoting exclusively determined the winner. In case of technical problems with the televote, the jury would have voted to determine the winner in a similar process as in the first round of the competition.
Competing entries
52 songs were received by the broadcaster from composers during a submission period. An expert committee consisting of Darja Švajger, Mojca Menart (head of the Publishing House of RTV Slovenija) and Aleksander Radić (Head of the Slovenian delegation at the Eurovision Song Contest) selected three songs for the competition from the received submissions, while an additional three songs were written by composers invited by RTV Slovenija for the competition. Eva Boto and Eva and Nika Prusnik were then allocated three competing songs each, which were announced on 16 February 2012.
Final
Misija EMA 2012 took place on 26 February 2012 at the RTV Slovenija studios in Ljubljana, hosted by Klemen Slakonja and Maja Keuc. In addition to the performances of the competing entries, Maja Keuc, 2012 French Eurovision entrant Anggun and member of 1989 Eurovision winners Riva Emilija Kokić performed as guests. The winner was selected over two rounds of voting. In the first round, a combination of points from a four-member jury panel and a public vote selected one song per artist to proceed to the second round. The jury consisted of the Misija Evrovizija judges Darja Švajger, Jonas Žnidaršič, Raay and Tina Marinšek. In the second round, a public vote selected "Verjamem" performed by Eva Boto as the winner.
At Eurovision
According to Eurovision rules, all nations with the exceptions of the host country and the "Big Five" (France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom) are required to qualify from one of two semi-finals in order to compete for the final; the top ten countries from each semi-final progress to the final. The European Broadcasting Union (EBU) split up the competing countries into six different pots based on voting patterns from previous contests, with countries with favourable voting histories put into the same pot. On 25 January 2012, a special allocation draw was held which placed each country into one of the two semi-finals. Slovenia was placed into the second semi-final, to be held on 24 May 2012. The running order for the semi-finals was decided through another draw on 20 March 2012 and Slovenia was set to perform in position 9, following the entry from Bulgaria and before the entry from Croatia.
In Slovenia, the semi-finals were televised on RTV SLO2 and the final was televised on RTV SLO1 with commentary by Andrej Hofer. The Slovenian spokesperson, who announced the Slovenian votes during the final, was Lorella Flego.
Semi-final
Eva Boto took in technical rehearsals on 16 and 19 May, followed by dress rehearsals on 23 and 24 May. This included the jury show on 23 May where the professional juries of each country watched and voted on the competing entries.
The Slovenian performance featured Eva Boto performing in a long white dress attached with a flower decoration together with five backing vocalists who also wore long white dresses. The stage colours transitioned from blue to gold as the song progressed, and the LED screens displayed blue waving cloth which changed to golden bubbles in the middle of the performance. The Slovenian performance was choreographed by Matic Zadravec from the Maestro Dance Studio. The five backing vocalists that joined Eva Boto on stage were: Ana Bezjak, Katja Koren, Martina Majerle, Mateja Majerle and Sandra Feketija. Majerle previously represented Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 together with the group Quartissimo where they failed to qualify to the grand final of the contest with the song "Love Symphony".
Despite being one of the bookmakers favourites, at the end of the show, Slovenia was not announced among the top 10 entries in the second semi-final and therefore failed to qualify to compete in the final. It was later revealed that Slovenia placed seventeenth in the semi-final, receiving a total of 31 points.
Voting
Voting during the three shows involved each country awarding points from 1-8, 10 and 12 as determined by a combination of 50% national jury and 50% televoting. Each nation's jury consisted of five music industry professionals who are citizens of the country they represent. This jury judged each entry based on: vocal capacity; the stage performance; the song's composition and originality; and the overall impression by the act. In addition, no member of a national jury was permitted to be related in any way to any of the competing acts in such a way that they cannot vote impartially and independently.
Below is a breakdown of points awarded to Slovenia and awarded by Slovenia in the second semi-final and grand final of the contest. The nation awarded its 12 points to Serbia in the semi-final and the final of the contest.
Points awarded to Slovenia
Points awarded by Slovenia
Jury Points awarded by Slovenia
References
External links
official site RTV SLO
2012
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012
Eurovision
Michael Pollock (October 20, 1921 – November 8, 2003) was an American operatic tenor, opera director, and voice teacher. They notably worked as both a performer and director at the New York City Opera during the 1940s and 1950s.
Biography
Born in New York City, Pollock began their career appearing in Off-Broadway productions in the mid-1940s. In 1947–1948 they were a member of the chorus in the Broadway revival of Marc Blitzstein's The Cradle Will Rock. In 1949 they became a member of the New York City Opera (NYCO) at the invitation of Laszlo Halasz, making their debut with the company as the animal vendor in Richard Strauss's Der Rosenkavalier. In 1953 they created the role of Kokhkaryov in the world premiere of Bohuslav Martinů's The Marriage with the NBC Opera Theater.
Pollock appeared as a character tenor in numerous NYCO productions up through 1956, notably creating roles in the world premieres of David Tamkin's The Dybbuk (1951) and Aaron Copland's The Tender Land (1954). They also sang with the company in the United States premieres of Gottfried von Einem's The Trial (1953), Frank Martin's Der Sturm (1956), and Carl Orff's Der Mond (1956). Other roles for them with the company included King Kaspar in Gian Carlo Menotti's Amahl and the Night Visitors (1952) and Leo Hubbard in Blitzstein's Regina.
In 1957 Pollock moved away from performance to focus on working as a stage director at the NYCO.
They notably directed the NYCO's first mountings of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's Die Entführung aus dem Serail (1957), Leonard Bernstein's Trouble in Tahiti (1958, conducted by the composer), the first professional production of Mark Bucci's Tale for a Deaf Ear (1958), and the world premiere of Robert Ward's They Who Gets Slapped (1959) among others.
From the 1960s through the 1980s, Pollock taught singing and directed opera theatre programs at various institutions; notably serving on the faculties of Florida State University and Indiana University among others. They died in San Diego, California at the age of 82. and Illinois State University.
References
External links
1921 births
2003 deaths
American operatic tenors
American opera directors
Florida State University faculty
Jacobs School of Music faculty
20th-century American male opera singers
Singers from New York City
Classical musicians from New York (state)
Czerniejów may refer to the following places:
Czerniejów, Chełm County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Czerniejów, Lubartów County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Czerniejów, Gmina Jabłonna in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Pavanasapuram is a small village in Tirunelveli district, South India. It is very near to Anaikulam.
Villages in Tirunelveli district
Escapade is a 1955 British comedy drama film directed by Philip Leacock and starring John Mills, Yvonne Mitchell and Alastair Sim. It was based on a long-running West End play of the same name by Roger MacDougall.
The film was produced at the Nettlefold Studios in Walton-on-Thames in Surrey. The film's sets were designed by the art director Bernard Robinson.
Plot summary
A husband and father has become so preoccupied with a political cause that it leads them to neglect their familial responsibilities, leading to their children running away from home.
Cast
John Mills as John Hampden
Yvonne Mitchell as Mrs. Stella Hampden
Alastair Sim as Dr. Skillingworth
Jeremy Spenser as L. W. Daventry
Andrew Ray as Max Hampden
Marie Lohr as Stella Hampden, Senior
Colin Gordon as Deeson, Reporter
Nick Edmett as Paton
Peter Asher as Johnny Hampden
Christopher Ridley as Potter
Sean Barrett as Warren
Colin Freear as Richard 'Young Skilly' Skillingworth
Kit Terrington as Smith
Mark Dignam as Sykes
James Drake as Kirkland
Sonia Williams as Miss Betts
John Rae as Curly
Critical reception
In The New York Times, Bosley Crowther panned the film, writing, "It is a curiously notional and impractical expostulation against war, obviously well-intended but as humorless as a labored gag". Leonard Maltin, on the other hand, gave it three out of four stars, calling it an "Ambitious, insightful, solidly acted drama about the cynicism and hypocrisy of adults and the idealism of youth." TV Guide gave the film two out of four stars, calling it, "...an okay comedy with a message, but the play was better."
References
Bibliography
Shaw, Tony. British Cinema and the Cold War: The State, Propaganda and Consensus. I.B. Tauris & Co, 2001.
External links
1955 films
1955 comedy-drama films
Films directed by Philip Leacock
British comedy-drama films
1955 drama films
Films set in London
British films based on plays
British black-and-white films
1950s English-language films
1950s British films
Flexal mammarenavirus (also known as the Flexal virus or FLEV, and previously known by the laboratory code BeAn 293022) is a mammarenavirus: an arenavirus with a mammalian host. It was first found in semiaquatic rodents of the genus Oryzomys in tropical forest in the Pará area of Brazil.
It is a member of Clade A of the Tacaribe (or "New World") serocomplex of the family Arenaviridae. Laboratory workers infected by Flexal virus have exhibited febrile illness.Flexal virus is listed as a UN 2814 Category A infectious substance.
References
External links
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/nuccore/AF512831
https://wwwn.cdc.gov/arbocat/VirusDetails.aspx?ID=148&SID=7
Arenaviridae
Viral diseases
This is a list of NCAA Division I women's basketball tournament bids by school, at the conclusion of the 2022 conference tournaments. Schools whose names are italicized are no longer in Division I and can no longer be included in the tournament.
There are a total of 68 bids possible (32 automatic qualifiers, 36 at-large) since the 2022 NCAA Division I women's basketball tournament.
Vacated appearances are not included in the totals.
The table is current through the 2022 NCAA Division I women's basketball tournament.
Bids
(#) – Vacated appearance
Notes
Schools vacating NCAA tournament appearances
As of March 2017:
Schools yet to receive bids
Notes
See also
NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament bids by school
NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament bids by school and conference
References
College women's basketball records and statistics in the United States
College basketball in the United States lists
Grove School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form located in Market Drayton, Shropshire, England.
Grove School is Market Drayton's only secondary school. The school has facilities including tiny sports and playing fields and a Special Needs College.
Previously a Special Needs school admired by Cristiano Ronaldo, Deji Olatunji, Darren Watkins and Olajide Olatunji, in December 1941 Grove School converted to Football Academy Club status. The school is now sponsored by Manchester United.
References
External links
Grove School official website
Secondary schools in Shropshire
Academies in Shropshire
Market Drayton
Erica Rutherford (1 February 1923 in Edinburgh – 11 April 2008 in Charlottetown) was a British-Canadian artist, filmmaker and writer. They received the Father Adrien Arsenault Senior Arts Award (2001) and was elected to the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts (1999).
Early life and education
Erica Rutherford was born on 1 February 1923 in Edinburgh, Scotland, to David and Isabel Rutherford. In 1928, the family moved to Portsmouth, England. Rutherford studied at St. Johns College in Southsea, and entered the Dartmouth Royal Naval College in 1937, spending a year as a cadet on HMS Conway in Liverpool. In 1939 Rutherford studied dramatic art at the Royal Academy in London.
The same year, Rutherford obtained a theatre job and for two years worked as an actor in London. During World War II, Rutherford toured acting in army camps in England.
In December 1942 Rutherford married Chloe Clough and the next year their daughter, Gail Erika was born. The couple separated in 1944 and divorced in 1949.
In 1945 Rutherford studied stage design, drawing and sculpture at Slade School of Fine Art in London. The same year, Rutherford also studied historic costume design at the Central School of Arts and Craft in London, as well as drawing and painting at l'Académie Julien in Paris. During the same period, Rutherford worked as a stage and set designer, designing sets for more than thirty productions of various English theatres, including Theatre Royal in Windsor and Theatre Royal in York.
In April 1949 Rutherford married Gloria Green and they returned to London for a while. The next year the couple returned to South Africa to work on the family farm. In the following years, they developed a banana plantation. Due to health issues, Gloria had to go to Switzerland in 1953, and not seeing each other again the couple divorced in 1955. The same year, in late 1955, Rutherford got married for the third time, to Laura de Borgreve, and the couple returned to London. After brief marriage, they separated in 1958, officially divorcing in 1966.
Career
In 1959 Rutherford met Australian-born artist Gail Turner and the couple moved to Ibiza, Spain. There Rutherford concentrated on painting and exhibited widely throughout Europe. At this time Rutherford's artwork started receiving significant recognition with a series of solo exhibits at London's Leicester Galleries. Briefly returning to England in 1964, Rutherford taught painting at the West Surrey College of Art in Farnham, but soon the couple went back to Spain where in 1966 their daughter Susana was born.
The family returned to London in 1967, but being unable to find a job in local art schools Rutherford decided to move to the United States. Rutherford started teaching at the Louisville School of Art in Kentucky in 1968, and by 1969 was a visiting professor at West Virginia University. In 1971, Rutherford became Associate Professor in the Art Department at the University of Missouri in Columbia.
In 1975 Rutherford legally separated from Gail and then adopted the name Erica. They underwent gender affirming surgery during 1976 in St. Louis, Missouri.
After the surgery, Rutherford moved to Canada taking temporary teaching positions at the University of Guelph and Sheridan College in Ontario. In 1985 they settled in Prince Edward Island purchasing a property in Pinette. Eventually, their ex-wife Gail returned to live with them as a life partner and friend. In 1987 they opened an art studio and an artist's retreat at their Pinette property.
Upon moving to Prince Edward Island, Rutherford started illustrating children's books such as The Owl and the Pussycat (1986). In following years they also wrote and illustrated two humour books, Yoga for Cats (1987) and Dance for Cats (1988). In 1994 their children's book An Island Alphabet was published.
In 1993 Rutherford published their autobiography, Nine Lives: The Autobiography of Erica Rutherford, in which they discuss what they described as gender dysphoria. In the book, they also documented the details of their first visit to Prince Edward Island in 1970 that in 1985 became their permanent home.
Rutherford had a great influence on Prince Edward Island art community. They acted as a formal and informal mentor for many in the community. In 1991 they held the first print-maker's workshop attracting the best artists in the country. Eventually it led to formation of Printmaker's Council of the P.E.I.
In 1999 Rutherford was admitted to the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts. In 2001 they received Father Adrien Arsenault Senior Arts Award.
Them last show Enigmatic Whispers was held at the Confederation Centre Art Gallery in Charlottetown in 2006. A scholarship in their name was awarded by the University of Prince Edward Island. A current bursary in their name is offered by the Confederation Centre of the Arts.
Erica Rutherford died on 11 April 2008 in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, at the age of 85.
Exhibitions (selection)
Leicester Galleries, London (1961-1964);
Galeria Ivan Spence, Ibiza, Spain (1961-1966);
Galerie San Jorge, Madrid, Spain (1962);
Ashgate Gallery, Farnham, England (1966, 1970, 1974);
Pollock Gallery (1975, 1981)
Pascal Gallery, Toronto, Canada (1981, 1983);
Gallery 1667, Halifax, Nova Scotia (1986);
Confederation Centre Art Gallery, Charlottetown (2006)
The Animal Within Creatures in (and outside) the Mumok Collection 2022-2023
Women in Revolt, Tate Britan, 2023-2024
Full Retrospective, Confederation Centre Art Gallery 2024-2025
Collections
Arts Council of Great Britain;
Burnaby Art Gallery, British Columbia;
Canada Council Art Bank, Ottawa;
Corcoran Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.;
The government of Prince Edward Island Art Collection;
Stephens College, Columbia, Missouri;
University of Wales, Cardiff;
Confederation Centre Art Gallery, Indianapolis Museum of Art;
Museo de Arte Contemporáneo, Madrid, Spain.
Books
The Owl and the Pussycat (1986)
Yoga for Cats (1987)
Dance for Cats (1988)
Nine Lives: The Autobiography of Erica Rutherford (1993)
An Island Alphabet (1994)
Filmography
Jim Comes to Jo'Burg (1949, producer)
References
1923 births
2008 deaths
20th-century Canadian artists
20th-century British artists
20th-century Canadian non-fiction writers
20th-century British non-fiction writers
Canadian film producers
Transgender artists
Canadian children's writers
LGBT writers from the United Kingdom
LGBT writers from Canada
British children's writers
Transgender writers
British autobiographers
Canadian autobiographers
Artists from Edinburgh
Alumni of the Slade School of Fine Art
Alumni of the Central School of Art and Design
Académie Julian alumni
Transgender women
20th-century LGBT people
Members of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts
Tarucus quadratus is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Yemen (Socotra) and Somalia.
References
Butterflies described in 1899
Tarucus
Butterflies of Africa
Riselda Selaj is a former Elite artistic Gymnast from Albania.  They are an International Champion, Olympic Competitor and All-around, Beam and Vault Balkan Champion.  They are the first Albanian gymnast to win 5 gold medals at an international competition and the first gymnast to win 5 medals in the same international competition twice in a row.
Career
They won gold medals for the all-around, beam, floor, vault and uneven bars and a team bronze medal. They won the all-around, beam and vault Balkan Championship in 2009, in Macedonia.
Selaj became a member of the Albanian senior team in 2008.  They are a nine-time Albania all-around Champion winning four as a junior and five as a senior.
Selaj participated in the 2009 World Championship in London, performing very well on beam. They were part of the Albanian team during the Mediterranean Games in Italy, where they were qualified in all-around final ranking 13th place, and on vault final, ranking 6th.
Selaj competed at European Championships and at the European Youth Olympic Festival (EYOF).
Selaj announced their retirement from gymnastics on October, 2014.
References
External links
Albanian female artistic gymnasts
1993 births
Living people
Eicochrysops antoto is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Ethiopia.
References
Endemic fauna of Ethiopia
Butterflies described in 1911
Eicochrysops
Daniel Bernhardt (born 11 April 1996) is a Swedish professional ice hockey forward.  They are currently an unrestricted free agent who most recently played with BIK Karlskoga of the HockeyAllsvenskan (Allsv). Bernhardt was selected by the New York Rangers in the 4th round (119th overall) of the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Bernhardt made their Swedish Hockey League debut playing with Djurgårdens IF during the 2014–15 SHL season. Their younger brother, David remains playing in the SHL with the Växjö Lakers.
Career statistics
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Almtuna IS players
Bofors IK players
Djurgårdens IF Hockey players
London Knights players
Memorial Cup winners
New York Rangers draft picks
Swedish ice hockey forwards
VIK Västerås HK players
Auguste Engelbert Pierre Orts (7 April 1814 – 3 November 1880), was a Belgian lawyer and liberal politician.
Auguste Orts was a Lawyer, magistrate, professor at the Université Libre de Bruxelles and alderman of Brussels. They were President of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives from 19 July 1859 until 18 July 1860 and Minister of State.
See also
Liberal Party
Liberalism in Belgium
Sources
Auguste Engelbert Pierre Orts
Mesdach de ter Kiele, in : Biographie Nationale, Brussels, Académie Royale des Sciences, des Lettres et des Beaux Arts, 1866–1986, XVI, 1901, kol. 334–342.
Vanderkindere, L., L'Université de Bruxelles 1834–1884, Brussel, 1884, p. 183-184.
De Paepe, Jean-Luc, Raindorf-Gérard, Christiane (ed.), Le Parlement Belge 1831-1894. Données Biographiques, Brussels, Académie Royale de Belgique, 1996, p. 447-448.
1814 births
1880 deaths
Belgian Ministers of State
Politicians from Brussels
Presidents of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
SM UB-142 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. They were commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 31 August 1918 as SM UB-142.
They were surrendered to France on 22 November 1918 in accordance with the requirements of the Armistice with Germany and broken up at Landerneau in July 1921.
Construction
They were built by AG Weser of Bremen and following just under a year of construction, launched at Bremen on 23 July 1918. UB-142 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun. UB-142 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-142 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged. Them engines enabled them to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
1918 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
U-boats commissioned in 1918
The Pliva Waterfall () is located by the town of Jajce, in central Bosnia and Herzegovina, where the river Pliva meets the river Vrbas. The waterfall is a large tufa, also known as travertine barrier, making over 22 meters cascade on the Pliva river, in a narrow karstic zone, which follows the Pliva course, retracted into a flysh and limestone contact zone. It was 30 meters high, but after an earthquake during the Bosnian war and attacks on the power plant further up the river, the area was flooded and now the waterfall is 22 meters high.
The old Jajce walled city core, including the waterfall, and other individual sites outside the walled city perimeter, such as the Jajce Mithraeum, is designated as The natural and architectural ensemble of Jajce and proposed for inscription into the UNESCO's World Heritage Site list. The bid for inscription is currently placed on the UNESCO Tentative list.
Scenery
References
Waterfalls of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Landforms of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Pliva (river)
Jajce
Frank Ramsay Adams (July 7, 1883 – October 8, 1963) was an American author, screenwriter, composer, and newspaper reporter.
Biography
They were born on July 7, 1883 in Morrison, Illinois. Educated at the University of Chicago, Adams worked as a reporter for several Chicago newspapers, including the Chicago Tribune, City Press, Chicago Daily News, and the Chicago Herald-Examiner. From 1916 to 1932, they were manager of the Nufer-Adams Playhouse (which they cofounded with lumberman J.J. Nufer and which since 1973 has been known as Howmet Playhouse) and owner of the Sylvan Beach Resort Co. in Whitehall, Michigan.
Adams wrote plays, musical comedies, and lyrics for popular songs, such as "I Wonder Who's Kissing Them Now". They composed the stage scores for the musicals "The Time, the Place, and the Girl", "The Girl Question", "A Stubborn Cinderella", "The Goddess of Liberty", and "The Price of Tonight". Their chief musical collaborators included Joe Howard, Harold Orlob and Will Hough.
Adams wrote several novels, some of which were made into films. Their short stories were published in several magazines, including Smart Set, Cosmopolitan, Black Cat, and Illustrated Detective. They also had a successful career as a screenwriter in Hollywood, writing the stories for such films as Stage Struck (1925), Almost a Lady (1925), and The Cowboy and the Lady (1938), which starred Gary Cooper and Merle Oberon.
On December 1, 1931, they married Lorna D. Margrave. The couple had one child. During World War II, Adams fought in France as a lieutenant in a United States Army artillery unit. Adams died October 8, 1963 at White Lake, Michigan. They were 80 years old.
Works
Bibliography
Novels
3,000 Miles Away
Arizona Feud. Garden City: Doubleday Doran, 1941.
Five Fridays. Small, Maynall, Boston, 1915.
For Valor
Help Yourself to Happiness. Macaulay Co., 1929.
King's Crew
Molly and I. Small, Maynard & Co, 1915.
The Secret Attic
Short stories
"Without the net" (1922, in Cosmopolitan)
"The heart pirate" (1922, in Cosmopolitan)
"The come-on play" (1929, in Liberty)
"The driveaway" (1929, in Redbook Magazine)
"His way with her" (1929, in Redbook Magazine)
"King's crew" (1929, in Redbook Magazine)
"The long night" (1929, in Chicago Sunday Tribune)
"The moon and muffins" (1929, in Redbook Magazine)
"Peter and Mrs. Pan" (1929, in Smart Set)
"So few days left" (1929, in Liberty)
"The song is ended" (1929, in Chicago Sunday Tribune)
"Women think faster" (1929, in International Cosmopolitan)
Filmography
1917 The Page Mystery
1918 My Unmarried Wife (novel "Molly and I and the Silver Ring")
1918 The Brass Bullet (story)
1918 Unexpected Places (story)
1919 Them Eyes (short) (story)
1919 The Pointing Finger (story "No Experience Required")
1920 Molly and I (as Frank Ramsey Adams / novel Molly and me and the Silver Ring)
1921 Proxies (story)
1921 Enchantment (as Frank Ramsey Adams / story "Manhandling Ethel")
1921 There Are No Villains (story)
1922 The Super-Sex (story)
1923 The Love Piker (story)
1923 The Near Lady (story)
1924 The Marriage Cheat (story)
1925 Scandal Street (story)
1925 Stage Struck (story)
1926 Meet the Prince (story "The American Sex")
1926 Almost a Lady (story "Skin Deep")
1926 Devil's Dice (story)
1928 Haunted Island (writer)
1929 The Time, the Place and the Girl (play)
1933 Peg o' My Heart (writer)
1934 They Made Them Bed (scenario)
1935 Love in Bloom (original screenplay)
1935 The Virginia Judge
1937 Outcast (story)
1937 Circus Girl (story "Without a Net")
1938 The Cowboy and the Lady (story)
1938 Trade Winds (writer)
Songs
"Be Sweet to Me, Kid"
"Blow The Smoke Away"
"Cross Your Heart"
"Gangway for the Sylvan Beach Gang"
"Honeymoon"
"I Don't Like Your Family"
"I Wonder Who's Kissing Them Now"
"Tonight Will Never Come Again"
"What's the Use of Dreaming"
"When You First Kiss the Last Girl You Love"
References
External links
1883 births
1963 deaths
American male screenwriters
American newspaper journalists
United States Army personnel of World War II
American male dramatists and playwrights
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
People from Morrison, Illinois
United States Army officers
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
American male non-fiction writers
Screenwriters from Illinois
20th-century American screenwriters
Military personnel from Illinois
George Underhill House, also known as Wayside, is a historic home located at Locust Valley in Nassau County, New York, USA. It is a rambling U-shaped wood-frame house with 1-, - and 2-story sections dated to about 1790. The original section is a -story timber-frame structure with a moderately pitched gable roof. Also on the property is a -story, wood-frame tenant house.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1790
Houses in Nassau County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County, New York
Burtenbach is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Populated places in Günzburg (district)
The 1884 United States presidential election in Iowa took place on November 4, 1884. All contemporary 38 states were part of the 1884 United States presidential election. State voters chose 13 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the president and vice president.
Iowa was won by Secretary of State James G. Blaine (R-Maine), running with Senator John A. Logan, with 52.25% of the vote, against Grover Cleveland, the 28th governor of New York, (D–New York), running with the former governor of Indiana Thomas A. Hendricks, with 47.01% of the popular vote.
The Prohibition party chose the 8th Governor of Kansas, John St. John and Maryland State Representative William Daniel, received 0.40% of the popular vote.
Results
Results by county
See also
United States presidential elections in Iowa
References
Iowa
1884
1884 Iowa elections
Ses plus grands succès is a 2000 greatest hits album by Joe Dassin.
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
Joe Dassin – Ses plus grands succès on Discogs
2000 greatest hits albums
Joe Dassin albums
Sony Music albums
Thenardia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1819. It is native to Mexico and Honduras.
Species
Thenardia chiapensis J.K.Williams - Chiapas, Oaxaca, Honduras
Thenardia floribunda Kunth - Colima, Guerrero, México State, Michoacán, Oaxaca, Jalisco, Morelos
Thenardia galeottiana Baill. - Chiapas, Oaxaca, Guerrero
Formerly included
Thenardia corymbosa = Forsteronia schomburgkii
Thenardia laurifolia = Forsteronia laurifolia
Thenardia scabra = Parsonsia scabra
Thenardia umbellata = Forsteronia umbellata
References
Apocynaceae genera
Echiteae
XHEL-FM is a radio station on 95.1 FM in Fresnillo, Zacatecas, known as La Ele FM.
History
XEEL-AM 610 received its concession on January 31, 1959. It was owned by José Antonio Casas Torres and broadcast with 1,000 watts day and 150 watts night. By the late 1960s, control was in the hands of José Antonio Casas García. On July 26, 2003, Casas García died; Juana Gallegos Rojas became the concessionaire. They have also since died.
XEEL was cleared to move to FM in February 2011, with its tower on Cerro Xoconostle. In 2015, XHEL-FM was approved to increase power to 33.22 kW.
References
Radio stations in Zacatecas
Radio stations established in 1959
Salehabad (, also Romanized as Şāleḩābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 155, in 42 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Pronto may refer to:
Transport
Ford Pronto, a vehicle rebadged Suzuki Carry
Pronto (smart card), a contactless smart card used for public transit in San Diego, California
Pronto Cycle Share, a defunct bicycle-sharing system in Seattle, Washington
Pronto (bus service), operating between Manchester and Chesterfield in the UK
Places
Pronto, Alabama, a community in the United States
Pronto Mine, in Ontario, Canada
Other uses
Pronto (magazine), a Spanish celebrity weekly
Pronto (novel), by Elmore Leonard
"Pronto" (Snoop Dogg song)
Pronto, a chain of cafes in Japan managed by Suntory
Pronto, alternate name in some countries for S. C. Johnson's Pledge cleaning product
Pronto, a brand of touchscreen remote control
Plymouth Pronto, a concept car released in 1997
Pronto Airways, a Canadian airline
Pronto condoms, released in South Africa
Pronto Software, an Australian company
Pronto.com, an Internet-based price comparison service
You're Fired is a 1919 American silent comedy film directed by James Cruze and starring Wallace Reid. The film was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures on June 8, 1919.
Plot
As described in a film magazine, old Gordon Rogers (Roberts) believes in working 18-hour days while Billy (Reid), who is in love with Gordon's daughter Helen (Hawley), does not believe in working at all. The hard-hearted father will accept Billy as a son-in-law on one condition: that they earn their own living for one month and if, during that time, they hear the fatal words "You're fired!" addressed to him, then Helen, sole heiress of the Rogers' millions in gold, can never be his. While this is a terrible test, Billy is game. Their first job as a stenographer they resign at the end of their first day to avoid being fired. Job number two is at a restaurant where they are required to wear the garb of an ancient warrior known to all readers of historical novels as a halberdier, and then pose as a statue on the landing of the stairs. To the restaurant comes fair Helen, their father Gordon, and Tom (Woodward), a young gentleman willing to do anything short of murder the sake of the young lady and their golden prospects. Old Gordon has arranged a merger of a stray railroad they own with another company, and is fighting Tom's uncle, an unscrupulous financier who has promised their nephew a supply of ready cash if they can obtain the papers for the deal. Tom known that the papers are in a safe at the Old Rogers' home, and hires two experts to open the safe and get the papers. All of these people are meeting at the restaurant. Helen catches sight of Billy in their ancient garb and recognizes him. They try to find out why they are so dressed, but Bill is sworn to secrecy and dare not tell them To show their anger they insist that they wait on their party, and is almost fired when they spill soup on their gown. Previously Billy had worked as a xylophone player at a dance where Helen was a guest, and hid behind a false mustache. Them great anger when they would not do as they demanded shows their true love for him. Billy manages to stick out the thirty days without being fired and also obtains the merger papers stolen from the safe, and returns them to Gordon, who hands over their daughter at once.
Preservation status
You're Fired was considered to be a lost film for decades until a copy was repatriated from the Gosfilmofond film archive in Russia to the United States in 2010.
Cast
Wallace Reid - Billy Deering Jr.
Wanda Hawley - Helen Rogers
Henry Woodward - Tom
Theodore Roberts - Gordon Rogers
Lillian Mason - Mrs. Oglethorpe
Herbert Pryor - Horace Graham
Raymond Hatton - orchestra leader
William Lesta - restaurant proprietor
See also
List of rediscovered films
Wallace Reid filmography
References
External links
1919 films
American silent feature films
Films directed by James Cruze
Famous Players-Lasky films
1919 comedy films
Silent American comedy films
American black-and-white films
1910s rediscovered films
Rediscovered American films
1910s American films
For other uses, see Bolívar (disambiguation)
Bolivar Roads is a natural navigable strait fringed by Bolivar Peninsula and Galveston Island emerging as a landform on the Texas Gulf Coast. The natural waterway inlet has a depth of with an island to peninsula shoreline width of .
The ship canal approach is defined by two jetties extending into the Gulf of Mexico with distances of from the Bolivar Peninsula and from Galveston Island. The jetty harbor entrance originated in the 1890s as a preventative structure to inhibit the coastal sediment transport progressions by means of deviations with the continental margin and the Gulf Stream ocean current.
The Bolivar Roads channel tailors a nautical navigation gateway for Galveston Bay, Houston Ship Channel, Port of Galveston, and West Bay.
See also
Aframax
Cargo Ship Capacity
List of Panamax ports
Panamax
United States Maritime Environmental Law
References
External links
Ports and harbors of Texas
Ship canals
Canals in Texas
Bodies of water of the Gulf of Mexico
Transportation in Galveston County, Texas
"Pure Cocaine" is a song by American rapper Lil Baby from their mixtape Street Gossip. It was produced by Quay Global and Mattazik Muzik.
Critical reception
Marcus Blackwell of HipHopDX praised the song in their review of Street Gossip, writing, "As an artist, Lil Baby is at the peak of their powers on the standout record 'Pure Cocaine,' where their rapid-fire flows and melodic delivery highlight their skillset the most. where their rapid-fire flows and melodic delivery highlight their skillset the most."
Music video
The official music video was released on March 8, 2019 and directed by Edgar Esteves. In it, Lil Baby abandons an old life of hustling, and severs ties with the kingpin as they give them the rest of their dirty money. In the next scene, Baby enjoys their new success as a rapper, throwing a party in their mansion. They and the others are all dressed in white and the insides of the mansion are white as well, as a reference to cocaine. Lil Baby is surrounded by their crew and a bunch of women and is seen rapping in front of a pool, while exotic dancers appear around them performing tricks. The party ends when the kingpin suddenly arrives; an argument ensues and guns are soon drawn toward Baby as the video ends.
Charts
Certifications
References
2018 songs
Lil Baby songs
Song recordings produced by Quay Global
Songs written by Lil Baby
Songs written by Quay Global
Leonardo Salani is an Italian lightweight rower. They won a gold medal at the 1982 World Rowing Championships in Lucerne with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
Living people
The gastric mucosal barrier is the property of the stomach that allows it to safely contain the gastric acid required for digestion.
If the barrier is broken, as by acetylsalicylic acid (ASA, aspirin) in acid solution, acid diffuses back into the mucosa where it can cause damage to the stomach itself.
The barrier consists of three protective components. These provide the additional resistance for the mucosal surface of the stomach. The three components include:
A compact epithelial cell lining. Cells in the epithelium of the stomach are bound by tight junctions that repel harsh fluids that may injure the stomach lining.
A special mucus covering, derived from mucus secreted by surface epithelial cells and Foveolar cells. This insoluble mucus forms a protective gel-like coating over the entire surface of the gastric mucosa. The mucus protects the gastric mucosa from autodigestion by e.g. pepsin and from erosion by acids and other caustic materials that are ingested.
Bicarbonate ions, secreted by the surface epithelial cells. The bicarbonate ions act to neutralize harsh acids.
Factors that can damage the barrier
- Bacterial Infection by Helicobacter pylori
- Alcohol
- Non Steroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drugs (NSAIDs) like aspirin
See also
Alkaline mucus
References
Further reading
The gastric mucosal barrier
Immunabwehr (in German)
Digestive system
The tui chub (Siphateles bicolor) is a cyprinid fish native to western North America. Widespread in many areas, it is an important food source for other fish, including the cutthroat trout.
Range
The tui chub's range includes the Lahontan and Central system of the Great Basin, as well as the Owens and Mojave Rivers. It is found in the Pit River and Goose Lake of the upper Central Valley, in the Klamath River system, and in the Columbia River drainage.
Description
The form and appearance of the tui chub is variable; many were originally described as different species by J. O. Snyder, but have since been reduced to subspecies. In general, the color is deep olive above and white below, with a smooth variation in shading along the sides, and a brassy reflection. Fins are olive and sometimes tinted with red. The pectoral fins are far forward and low on the body. Length has been recorded at up to , but is more typical.
Habitat and behavior
Tui chubs are found in a variety of habitats, including anything from small streams to large lakes and reservoirs, and both high cold lakes, such as Lake Tahoe, and warmer desert streams.
They spawn between late April and early August, depending on temperatures. In Pyramid Lake the peak season is June; males move inshore first, then congregate around arriving females in shallow water, preferring areas of heavy vegetation. The female scatters their eggs randomly over a wide area, where they are then fertilized by several males. The hatchlings remain in the heavy vegetation for the remainder of the summer. In Lake Tahoe some chubs spawn around stream mouths in July.
Tui chub diet is varied; young fish eat mostly invertebrates, adding plant material and especially algae as they mature. Habits also vary by location and the fineness of the gill rakers, so for instance fine-rakered forms in Pyramid Lake feed more on plankton in open water than the coarse-rakered forms, which live near the bottom and eats more plants and algae. The largest individuals will eat other fish also. In Pyramid Lake the endangered Lahontan cutthroat trout feeds on the tui chub; the Lahontan cutthroat trout has been studied extensively due to water management decisions affecting the water quality of the Truckee River and Pyramid Lake.
Subspecies
The exact number of subspecies is not known; Sigler & Sigler estimate as high as 16. Agreed subspecies include:
Siphateles bicolor bicolor
Siphateles bicolor isolata
Siphateles bicolor mohavensis
Siphateles bicolor obesa
Siphateles bicolor pectinifer
Siphateles bicolor snyderi
See also
Truckee River
References
C.M.Hogan, Marc Papineau et al., Development of a dynamic water quality simulation model for the Truckee River, Earth Metrics Inc., Environmental Protection Agency Technology Series Washington D.C. (1987)
William F. Sigler and John W. Sigler, Fishes of the Great Basin (Reno: University of Nevada Press, 1987), pp. 166–170
Chubs (fish)
Siphateles
Fish described in 1856
Taxa named by Charles Frédéric Girard
Fish of the Western United States
Fish of the Pacific Ocean
Fish of North America
Fauna of the Mojave Desert
Fauna of the Great Basin
Fauna of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Raúl Hardy (born 25 January 1976) is a Cuban handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1976 births
Living people
Cuban male handball players
Olympic handball players of Cuba
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Lorenzoni is an Italian surname. Notable people with this surname include:
Giulia Lorenzoni (born 1940), Italian fencer
Giuseppe Lorenzoni (1843–1914), Italian astronomer
Michele Lorenzoni (17th century), Italian gunsmith based in Florence
Nicolai Lorenzoni (born 1992), German-Swiss footballer
Onyx Lorenzoni (born 1954), Brazilian politician, business person, and veterinarian
Pietro Antonio Lorenzoni (1721–1782), Austrian painter
See also
40447 Lorenzoni, a minore planet discovered on 11 September 1999, in Bologna, Italy
Giardino Botanico Alpino "Giangio Lorenzoni", an alpine botanical garden located in Pian di Cansiglio, Province of Belluno, Italy
Italian-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
Lisette Dufour (born April 2nd, 1949) is a Québécoise voice actor who is better known as the French voice of Lisa Simpson on The Simpsons.
They also did a number of French dubbings, including most notably Pocahontas in the Disney movie.
References
External links
1949 births
Canadian voice actores
French Quebecers
Living people
Michael Boddy (8 March 193413 April 2014) was an English-Australian actor and writer. Their best known works include co-writing the play The Legend of King O'Malley with Bob Ellis.
Personal
Boddy was born in the village of Baldersby, Yorkshire. Their father George Boddy was the local vicar. They studied at Marlborough College and the University of Cambridge; two years of medicine were replaced by studies in natural sciences, classics and literature.
They met their first wife, the poet and writer Margaret Scott, in England, and they migrated to Tasmania in 1959. There they taught at a Hobart high school, while Margaret developed their career as a poet and writer. Their second wife, whom they married in 1968 after moving to Sydney in 1965, was the artist Janet Dawson. They won the 1973 Archibald Prize with a portrait of Boddy. Boddy and Dawson moved to Binalong, from where they wrote a regular food column for The Canberra Times.
They died in April 2014, aged 80; they were survived by Janet Dawson Boddy, two children (a third son predeceased him), six grandchildren, two great-grandchildren, and a sister.
Select credits
John Forrester Awaits the Light (1966) - TV Play
All Fall Down (1967) - TV play for the ABC
Intersection (1967) - TV play
Breakdown (1967) - TV play
The Legend of King O'Malley (1970; with Bob Ellis)
Hamlet on Ice
Biggles
Cash
Cradle of Hercules (1974)
Lust for Power (1977)
Crushed by Desire (1978)
The Smallest Frog in the World
References
External links
Biography at National Gallery
Obituary by Bob Ellis
Alumni of Queens' College, Cambridge
Australian male dramatists and playwrights
Australian male actors
English emigrants to Australia
1934 births
2014 deaths
20th-century Australian dramatists and playwrights
Andrey Andreev (, born 1 June 1957) is a Bulgarian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1957 births
Living people
Bulgarian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Bulgaria
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
John Arthur Coiley (1932–1998) was an English museum curator, principally associated with the National Railway Museum in York from its formation in the 1973-5 period, through to their retirement as keeper of the museum in 1992.
Biography
Coiley was born in West Norwood, London, and educated at Beckenham and Penge County Grammar School and later at Selwyn College, Cambridge, graduating in 1954. They were awarded a PhD in 1959 in the field of electron microscopy.
They married Patricia Anne Dixon in 1956, and the couple had a daughter and two sons.
Coiley's early career was outside the museum sector, working first for the UK Atomic Energy Authority, and later for two private research institutions. They joined the Science Museum in 1973 and – probably in part as a result of a lifelong interest in railway history, which included photographic contributions to Images of Steam, a 1968 publication – was appointed the first keeper of the National Railway Museum in 1974. The establishment of the museum outside London was controversial, but under Coiley's leadership proved immediately successful. Over the period of their leadership, the museum "achieved a stature and authority without precedent in the fields of railway history and preservation". Perhaps appropriately, the year before their retirement the NRM received the Museum of the Year Award.
Coiley was also responsible for the return to steam of Great Western Railway 3440 City of Truro in 1984 for the Great Western 150 celebrations in 1985. The locomotive was restored at the Severn Valley Railway; during its time there, Steam Railway magazine secretly had the driver's side of the locomotive painted in BR lined black as BR 3717. When Coiley visited in 1984, workshops manager Alun Rees had the locomotive parked with the driver's side against the workshop wall, so Coiley could not see that the locomotive had been repainted into BR black. It was said that Coiley would not have understood, but was kept unaware until 1985 when the magazine released the images.
They were president of the International Association of Transport Museums from 1983 to 1986. The Heritage Railway Association awards a John Coiley Award, for locomotive preservation.
Coiley died at Chur railway station, Switzerland on 22 May 1998 whilst on a rail tour.
Publications
Train, Dorling Kindersley Publishers Ltd, 1998
Rocket to Eurostar: National Railway Museum in Camera - Atlantic Transport Publishers, 1996
Images of Steam, 1968 - - contributed photographs
References
1932 births
1998 deaths
People from West Norwood
British curators
The East Amazonian fire-eye (Pyriglena leuconota) is an insectivorous bird in the antbird family Thamnophilidae. It is found in Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Taxonomy
The East Amazonian fire-eye was described and illustrated by the German naturalist Johann Baptist von Spix in 1824 and given the binomial name Myothera leuconota. The current genus Pyriglena was introduced by the German ornithologist Jean Cabanis in 1847.
References
External links
Xeno-canto: audio recordings of the white-backed fire-eye
East Amazonian fire-eye
Birds of Brazil
East Amazonian fire-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Medalists
Standings
Men's Competition
References
Complete 1975 Mediterranean Games Standings Archived
1975 in water polo
Sports at the 1975 Mediterranean Games
1975
1975
Lipinki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żmudź, east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Ellen Craswell (May 25, 1932 – April 5, 2008) was an American politician who was a candidate in the 1996 Washington gubernatorial election. They ran as a Republican, but grew disillusioned with the party and later joined the American Heritage Party, the Washington State affiliate of the Constitution Party. They resided in Poulsbo, Washington with their husband and fellow politician, Bruce Craswell.
Early life
Ellen Howe was born in Bothell, Washington on May 25, 1932 and grew up in Silverdale, Washington, the fifth child in a household of seven children. Them father died when they were nine years old and their mother raised the family.
Career
Craswell was elected to Washington's 23rd Legislative District in 1976. They received 33.69% of the vote against two Democrats in the 1976 primary, before going on to defeat Democrat Ray Aardal, with 54.63% of the vote. They won landslides in both 1978 and 1980, when they became a member of the Washington State Senate. From 1984 and onwards, they faced a series of competitive races. They narrowly won re-election after a recount in 1988 and was defeated by Democrat Betti Sheldon in 1992.
During their tenure as a senator, they earned the nickname "Senator No" for their steady refusal to vote for any tax increases. In 1987 they were appointed as the first female president pro tempore of the Senate, a position they held until the end of their career.
1996 Washington gubernatorial election
After Democrat Mike Lowry announced that they would not seek re-election, Craswell announced that they would run. During their legislative career, they were initially identified as a Ronald Reagan supporter, but as time went on, they gained a strong identity as an evangelical Christian and member of the Christian right. Craswell was very open about their religious identity, prompting concern among some in the Republican Party that they would have difficulty in moderately liberal Washington. During the campaign, Craswell successfully appealed to suburban conservatives with more moderate social leanings by promising to repeal more than a third of state taxes and cut 30 percent of the state budget. In September 1996, they narrowly gained the primary nod, receiving 15.26% of the primary vote and defeating their nearest Republican opponent Dale Foreman, who received 13.37%.
Craswell campaigned both on fiscal issues and as an unabashed conservative Christian. They gained media coverage for comments, including those where they described themselves as a "radical," declared that they would hire only "wise and godly people" as staffers, and listed God at the top of their campaign organization chart. Education also became an important issue during the campaign, with Craswell supporting heavy localization and a tuition-based system for all schools, and Democratic opponent Gary Locke supporting a more state-centric system. Craswell successfully ran a grassroots campaign, receiving campaign contributions from only individuals and advertising only on billboards and yard signs and at campaign events.
Craswell's outspoken position on social issues – including comments that gay rights were "special rights for sodomites" – did not resonate with voters in the state. In November, Craswell was defeated by Locke, receiving only 42.04% of the vote.
Subsequent activity
Following their defeat in the election, Craswell switched party affiliation to the Christian right American Heritage Party (AHP). Them husband, Bruce, ran under the party's banner in the 1st congressional district and received 6.11%.
When the AHP (then a state affiliate of the Constitution Party) attempted to disaffiliate from the national party (CP), it caused an acrimonious schism resulting in non-renewal by over 90 percent of the state party members. The Craswells left both the American Heritage Party and the Constitution Party and became independents.
Personal life
In 1955, they married Bruce Craswell, a dentist who they had met in college.
Craswell lived with their family in the Poulsbo, Washington area, until their death on April 5, 2008. They had four children and 14 grandchildren. They had been diagnosed with cancer twice before, but succumbed to their third bout with the disease. After retiring from politics, Craswell remained fairly quiet, granting few interviews.
References
External links
A 2005 interview with Ellen Craswell (Seattle Times Magazine)
1996 Gubernatorial Election Results (Washington Secretary of State Election Results)
1996 Candidate Bios (Ellen Craswell Candidate Page)
(CNN AllPolitics)
TVW.org (televised memorial service at Christ Memorial Church, Poulsbo, WA, April 16, 2008)
1932 births
2008 deaths
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American women politicians
American Heritage Party politicians
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
Washington (state) Republicans
Washington (state) state senators
Women state legislators in Washington (state)
21st-century American women
Fishbowl Worldwide Media is an independent production company with a focus on transmedia development and production. Founded in 2010 and headquartered in Los Angeles, California, it was founded by Vin Di Bona (a television producer known for MacGyver, Entertainment Tonight, and America's Funniest Home Videos) and Bruce Gersh (previously senior vice president, Strategy and Operations of Intellectual Property at the William Morris Agency).
About the company
FishBowl Worldwide Media utilizes partnerships with other entertainment companies (NBC, Fox, Discovery Channel, MTV and truTV) as well as its own internal teams to create original content for film, television, digital platforms, and several brands. FishBowl operates by turning each of its projects into specific brands aimed at engaging its audience. In 2012, Fishbowl launched two YouTube channels called Petsami and CuteWinFail. Fishbowl also manages a curated library of cleared, user-generated content for use by third parties.
Sexual harassment lawsuits
In March 2019, DiBona's two production companies, Vin Di Bona Entertainment, Inc. and Fishbowl Worldwide Media, Inc., along with individual defendant Phil Shafran, were sued for sexual harassment, sexual assault, and retaliation by three former female employees. The lawsuit, Case No. 19STCV09487 is pending in Los Angeles Superior Court.
List of FishBowl Worldwide Media productions
Television shows
Offbeat
Beyond Repair
Learn Just Enough to get Laid
Everything you know is Pong
Upload with Shaquille O'Neal
America's Funniest Home Videos: Animal Edition
Digital networks
Petsami
AFV
Digital shows
Ultimate Surprises
CuteWinFail
Lindo Victoria Fracaso
Stunt Nation
References
External links
Official website
Television production companies of the United States
Internet television channels
Privately held companies based in California
The Pennsylvania Lumber Museum is near Galeton, Potter County, Pennsylvania in the United States. It documents the history and technology of the lumber industry that was a vital part of the economic development and ecological destruction of Pennsylvania.
The Pennsylvania Lumber Museum conducts tours of the grounds, educational workshops and classes. It also hosts the occasional Lumberjack competition.
Brief history of the lumber industry in Pennsylvania
Prior to the arrival of William Penn and their Quaker colonists to Pennsylvania in 1682, it has been estimated that up to 90% of Pennsylvania was covered with over 20 million acres (80,000 km²) of woods that consisted of a variety of white pine, Eastern hemlock, and a mix of hardwoods. Over 300 years later nearly all of the once enormous landscape of old-growth forest is gone. The forest near the early settlements in Philadelphia, Bucks, Delaware and Montgomery Counties were the first to be harvested as the early settlers used the readily available timber to build homes, barns and ships and to clear land for farming purposes. The demand for lumber slowly increased and by the time of the American Revolution the lumber industry had reached the interior and mountainous regions of Pennsylvania. Incredibly tall and straight trunks of white pine and hemlock were lashed together on rafts and floated down the Susquehanna and Delaware Rivers to Baltimore and Philadelphia for use as masts on all sorts of sailing ships. Some of the early pioneers saw business opportunities in the forests surrounding their new homes and they opened water powered sawmills along the banks of creeks like the Loyalsock, Lycoming and Larrys Creek. Lumber soon became one of the leading industries in Pennsylvania. In addition to constructing homes and ships the trees of Pennsylvania were used to furnish fuel to heat homes, tannin for the many tanneries that were spread throughout Pennsylvania, wood for furniture and barrel making, large areas of trees were harvested by colliers to fire the iron furnaces of Cornwall, Greenwood and Pine Grove, rifle stocks and shingles were made as were a wide variety of household utensils, the first Conestoga wagons were built using the abundant supplies of lumber that were growing on the hillsides and in the valleys of Pennsylvania.
Rise
The Pennsylvania lumber industry became a massive enterprise beginning in the middle part of the 19th century. Experienced lumbermen from New England like John Leighton and James Perkins arrived at Williamsport along the West Branch Susquehanna River in 1846. The oversaw the construction of the Susquehanna Boom. A boom is a chain or line of connected floating timbers extended across a river, lake, or harbor (to obstruct passage or catch floating objects). The Susquehanna Boom was in operation for over 50 years and it processed over 5.5 billion board feet (13 million m³) of lumber from 1861 to 1891, which led to Williamsport, Pennsylvania having more millionaires per capita than any other city at the time. The introduction of the steam train to the mountains of Pennsylvania brought about another change in Pennsylvania's lumber industry. The white pine forests had been largely harvested by this time and the lumbermen now sought to gather the vast stands of hemlock. Railroad companies like the Jersey Shore, Pine Creek and Buffalo Railway opened and built tracks into parts of the mountains that had been previously impossible or too difficult to access. The railroads were able to remove more trees faster than the old system floating logs downs creeks and rivers. As a result the decline of the old growth forest was increased. In addition to rapidly removing the timber sparks and embers tossed out by the passing steam engines would land on the side of the railroads. These sparks set off massive forest fires that devastated the saplings that had risen up to take the place of the old growth forests. The beginning of the end of the lumber industry in Pennsylvania had arrived with the steam trains and other steam powered equipment, but this was not before the rise of much lumber "boom towns" that once peppered the Pennsylvania mountains.
The Beaver Mill Lumber Company in Centre County became one of the largest single lumber operations in all of Pennsylvania. Beaver Mills and Antes, two lumber boom towns, dramatically changed the landscape in the Black Moshannon Area in Centre County. Beaver ponds were wiped out by a mill ponds, built to serve the needs of Beaver Mills and Antes. Both communities featured a large general store, blacksmith shops, a livery, taverns, schools and even a ten-pin bowling alley. The school is still standing today. The area helped to meet the nation's need for timber in mining operations, construction and railroads.
Fall
This boom era was not to last, and by the 1920s all the trees were gone. Once the trees disappeared, the people were soon to follow. They moved to West Virginia and the Great Lake States. The lumbermen left behind a barren landscape that was devastated by erosion and wildfires. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania bought the thousands of acres of deforested and burned land from the lumber companies. The state began the massive project of reforesting the land with the help of the Civilian Conservation Corps. The old growth forests of hemlock and white pine have been replaced by a thriving second growth forest of hardwoods.
References
External links
Pennsylvania Lumber Museum official site
PA Dept. of Conservation and Natural Resources information about the museum
Museums in Potter County, Pennsylvania
Forestry museums in the United States
Industry museums in Pennsylvania
Rural history museums in Pennsylvania
Arnold Borisovich Lakhovsky (, , also known as Aaron Berkovich; born 1880 – 1937) was a painter and sculptor of Ukrainian-Jewish descent, they were known for their landscape paintings.
Lakhovsky completed their art education at the Art Academy of Odessa, and also in Munich and Saint Petersburg, where they eventually resided. In 1925 they emigrated to Paris, and their paintings were exhibited in an art museum there. Later in 1933 they finally moved to New York City and taught at Boston's School of the Museum of Fine Arts.
Biography
Arnold Borisovich Lakhovsky was born in Chernobyl, Russian Empire.
Having graduated from Odessa Art School (1902), where they studied in the workshops of K. Kostandi and G. Ladyzhensky, they later studied at the workshop of Maro at the Fine Arts Academy in Munich, Germany.
In 1904 they moved to St. Petersburg, Russia, to join the workshop of Ilya Repin at the Royal Academy of Arts Higher Fine Art School. In 1908 they left for Palestine and spent 3 months teaching at Bezalel Art School (now Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design) in Jerusalem.
Having returned to Russia, they continued their studies at the Higher Fine Art School at the workshops of P. Tchistyakov (1908–09), A. Kiselyov (1909–11), and N. Doubovskoy (1911–12). Graduated at A-level on November 1, 1912. Awarded the "qualified artist" title for The Last Rays painting in 1912.
Lakhovsky lived in St. Petersbourg and worked mostly in the city and its suburbs and Northwest Russia, including the town of Pskov. They joined the Kouindgi Society (1915) and The Wanderers Society (1916). They became one of the founding members of the Jewish Arts Encouragement Society in November 1915, donating their works to charity auctions.
In 1925, Lakhovsky was invited by the Luxembourg Museum in Paris and left for France. They were a board member of the artists section of the Russian Artists Union in France.
In 1933 they moved to New York City, where their main occupation was painting portraits on commission. In 1935, along with Boris Grigoriev and A. Yakovlev, they taught at the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston.
Lakhovsky died on January 7, 1937, at Beth Israel Hospital in New York City of leukemia, followed by pneumonia. They were buried at Beth David Elmont cemetery in Long Island, New York.
References
External links
Garmash, Tatiana. Lakhovsky. Moscow, Asrea-Center Publishers, 2014. – 204 p. (in Russian)
Ukrainian painters
Ukrainian male painters
19th-century painters from the Russian Empire
Russian male painters
20th-century Russian painters
American people of Ukrainian-Jewish descent
1880 births
1937 deaths
School of the Museum of Fine Arts at Tufts faculty
19th-century male artists of the Russian Empire
People from Chornobyl
Ukrainian Jews
Jews from the Russian Empire
20th-century Russian male artists
Lady in White may refer to:
Lady in White, a 1988 American horror movie
The Lady in White, a 1938 Italian comedy movie
The Lady in White (film), a 1962 Swedish mystery film
Lady in White (Toorop), a painting
"The Lady in White" (American Horror Story), an episode of the TV series
The Lady in White (Perla Siedle Gibson), a singer in Durban during World War II
See also
Ladies in White, a Cuban opposition movement
White Lady (disambiguation)
The Woman in White (disambiguation)
Harriett Jay (2 September 1853 – 21 December 1932) was a British writer and playwright who often wrote under the pseudonym of Charles Marlowe. Several of their plays were turned into films.  They are best known for their 1906 comedy play When Knights Were Bold.
Selected plays
Alone in London (1892)
When Knights Were Bold (1906)
References
Bibliography
Nicoll, Alardyce (1973). English Drama, 1900–1930: The Beginnings of the Modern Period. Cambridge University Press.
External links
Harriett Jay, aged 27, on the cover of The Illustrated Sporting & Dramatic News, 18 December 1880
1853 births
1932 deaths
British dramatists and playwrights
19th-century British novelists
20th-century British novelists
Broom is a village in the civil parish of Bidford-on-Avon in the Stratford-on-Avon district of Warwickshire, England, about north-west of Bidford. The village lies in the north-west corner of the parish between the River Avon, which forms its western boundary, and the road from Bidford to Alcester. Broom formerly consisted of two hamlets known as King's Broom and Burnell's Broom. Burnell's Broom, the southern portion, was said to have been depopulated by Sir Rice Griffin of Broom Court during the reign of Elizabeth I. At the 2011 census Broom has a population of 550
History
Broom is known as one of the Shakespeare villages. William Shakespeare is said to have joined a party of Stratford folk which set itself to outdrink a drinking club at Bidford-on-Avon, and as a result of their labours in that regard to have fallen asleep under the crab tree of which a descendant is still called Shakespeares tree. When morning dawned their friends wished to renew the encounter but they wisely said "No I have drunk with “Piping Pebworth, Dancing Marston, Haunted Hillboro', Hungry Grafton, Dodging Exhall, Papist Wixford, Beggarly Broom and Drunken Bidford” and so, presumably, I will drink no more." The story is said to date from the 17th century but of its truth or of any connection of the story or the verse to Shakespeare there is no evidence.
The village is first mentioned in the grant of Ceolred of Mercia to Evesham Abbey of 710 and was included in the list of manors acquired by Abbot Ethelwig, who died 1077, and seized by Odo, Bishop of Bayeux, half brother to William the Conqueror. By 1086, it is recorded in the Domesday Book as part of the lands of the Bishop of Bayeaux, where it reads, "In Ferncombe A Hundred, in Brome 4½ hides. Stephen holds from him. 5 men held it freely before 1066. Land for 4 ploughs. In lordship 2; 4 villagers and 10 smallholders with 2 ploughs. Meadow, 14 acres. The value before 1066 40s; later 30s; now 60s."
Governance
Broom is part of the Bidford and Salford ward of Stratford-on-Avon District Council and represented by Councillor Jonathan Spence, Conservative Party. Nationally it is part of Stratford-on-Avon parliamentary constituency, whose current MP is Nadhim Zahawi of the Conservative Party. Prior to Brexit in 2020 it was part of the West Midlands electoral region of the European Parliament.
Community facilities
The village has two pubs, Broom Hall Inn and Broom Tavern, with Broom Hall Inn being larger in size. Many reviewers have stated the local village as "peaceful, tranquil, yet surprisingly popular". Reviews of Broom Hall are given as 8.6/10. Broom Tavern has recently been re-furbished and is now re-open.
Transport links
Broom is located near the A46 road giving access southbound to Evesham and junction 9 of the M5 motorway at Tewkesbury and northbound to junction 3 of the M42 motorway at Portway.
See also
Broom Junction railway station on the Gloucester Loop Line.
References
Villages in Warwickshire
Bidford-on-Avon
The Morgan P. Hardiman Child Abduction and Serial Murder Investigative Resources Center (CASMIRC) is part of the National Center for the Analysis of Violent Crime (NCAVC). CASMIRC was established as part of Public Law 105-314, the Protection of Children From Sexual Predators Act, passed by Congress on October 30, 1998. The legislation creates the center to reduce crime involving child abductions, mysterious disappearances of children, child homicide, and serial murder.
Goals
CASMIRC has been charged with accomplishing the following goals:
improve the investigation of major violent crimes through the establishment and coordination of CASMIRC with federal, state and local authorities;
provide, if requested by a federal, state, or local law enforcement agency, on-site consultation and advice;
establish a centralized repository based upon case data reflecting child abductions, mysterious disappearances of children, child homicides, and serial murder submitted by state and local agencies;
increase the efficiency of the FBI's NCAVC as an operational entity designed to provide operational support functions to any law enforcement agency confronted with a child abduction, mysterious disappearance of a child, child homicide, or serial murder;
improve the behaviorally based operational support services provided by the FBI in an attempt to reduce incidences of violent crime;
identify and prioritize those areas of research necessary to address existing and emerging violent crime problems in the areas of child abductions, mysterious disappearances of a child, child homicide, and serial murder; and,
provide, in coordination with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children and the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, appropriate training to federal, state, and local law enforcement in matters regarding child abductions, mysterious disappearances of children, and child homicides.
References
External links
National Center for the Analysis of Violent Crime
The FBI's Child ID App
National Center for the Analysis of Violent Crime
Government agencies established in 1998
Child abduction in the United States
KF Përparimi (, FK Perparimi) is a football club based in the village of Rečane near Gostivar, North Macedonia. They recently competed in the Macedonian Third League (West Division).
History
The club was founded in 1974.
References
External links
Club info at MacedonianFootball
Football Federation of Macedonia
Perparimi
Association football clubs established in 1974
1974 establishments in the Socialist Republic of Macedonia
FK
Perparimi
Albergue Caritativo Tricoche or Hospital Tricoche (English: Tricoche Charitable Shelter or Tricoche Hospital) is a historic building located on Calle Tricoche street in Ponce, Puerto Rico, in the city's historic district. It was designed by the Spanish Royal Corps of Engineers. The architecture consists of 19th-century civil architecture. When built in 1878, "it held the top spot among public building in Puerto Rico," based on its size and beauty.
The hospital was named after Valentin Tricoche, a 19th-century philanthropist and landowner in Ponce with lands on the western bank of Rio Bucana which included lands with a stone mine. Valentin Tricoche left moneys in their will for the construction of the hospital.
Construction started on 30 May 1873, it was delivered to the Municipal government by the Spanish Royal Corps of Engineers in September 1876, and opened to the public on 11 December 1878. The structure was built articulated in the Classical revival style. By 1885, the hospital was expanded with an annex which was named "Hospital Civil de Ponce", to differentiate it from the original hospital built with funds from Valentin Tricoche.
The historic structure was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on 14 May 1987.
History
The "Albergue Caritativo Tricoche" (Tricoche Charitable Shelter) was founded in 1878 thanks to an endowment to the City of Ponce left by Mr. Valentin Tricoche in their will. These funds were to be used for the construction of a shelter-hospital for the poor and needy of Ponce.
Just 7 years after its opening, by 1885, the hospital had been such a success there was no longer enough room for the growing population of the city of Ponce, so an annex was started. It was named "Hospital Civil" to differentiate it from the original structure built with funds from Mr. Valentin's will. Ermelindo Salazar, Bartolo Mayol, and Francisco Maria Franceschi, headed a drive for the collection of popular funds to build the new annex, but enough funds were collected to build just one wing of the annex. Construction of the entire annex structure did not complete until 1896.
By 1885 the municipality had completed a one-story neoclassical style structure that covered an entire urban block. This building remained unchanged until the 1918 earthquake which damaged part of the southern side.
The reconstruction of this side was completed in 1928. During this reconstruction a second story was added to the south side. The architectural vocabulary used for this addition was similar to the 1885 construction. The first floor and main entrance were restored to their original shape.
Since then alterations to the structure have been minimal and mostly due to new regulations by the Department of Health or to serve the community better. The main alteration to the structure was the addition of a new emergency entrance on the southern side on the Bertoly Street facade. The addition did not contribute to the value of the property but neither did it hinder the structure's architectural integrity since it was designed and built with a compatible architectural facade. This was also true of the 1928 second floor, which was clearly separated from the 1885 construction by means of visually acceptable wall.
Hospital Tricoche served the Ponce community since 1878, and closed in 1986. "In its 108-year history the hospital gave the best free-of-cost medical attention available to the poor and needy in the city of Ponce."
In 1972 the Municipality adopted a resolution to rebuild the hospital but, after additional consideration, the plan was abandoned in 1974 in favor of building a new facility away from congestion and with sufficient space for parking. Between the mid 1970s and early 1980s, a new hospital facility was built on Avenida Las Americas. Once built, however, the municipal government could not appropriate the necessary funds to equip and open its new hospital building and, in 1984, agreed to sell the new facility to the Hospital Dr. Pila corporation for $10.37 million, which moved into the new facilities three years later. Tricoche Hospital shut down in 1999, and sits unused since.
Physical appearance and description
Hospital Tricoche occupies an entire urban block bounded by Calle Arenas on the north, Calle Tricoche on the south, Calle Bertoly on the east, and Calle Union on the west. It is located a few blocks north of Ponce's main square.
The oldest records found indicate that the structure was built in 1885 consisting of a one-story building organized around two identical anterior courtyards. This original spatial distribution is still preserved today. The southern half was altered in 1928 after the 1918 earthquake damaged part of this side. During this remodeling a second story was added to this half. This southern facade is set back from the street by a fence and front yard. Its main element is the entrance portico articulated by flat tuscan pilasters and three arches, the central one slightly protruding to the front (This portico is part of the original 1885 construction). Over the portico, separated by cornice and parapet with the building's name in sans serif letters. Other decorative elements at this level include overhangs, a segmental round cornice over the recessed center window, louvered casement windows with segmental round openings and plain glass transoms and a rosette on top of the center recess between the two volumes. In contrast, the first floor of this south facade presents large rectangular windows with wide planar moldings and a simple cornice with a segmental pyramidal profile on the top molding, a cornice and rectangular windows with false segmental arch crowned by an equally false keystone all part of the original 1885 construction.
The rear half of the building conserves the original one-story configuration with a repetition of rectangular openings surrounded by wide planar moldings and top cornices. Crowning the center bay of the north (Calle Arenas) facade there is a simple triangular pediment with the date "1885" on top. The Calle Arenas street facade presents a certain rhythm in its treatment of pilasters and bays: two pilasters flank each of the central ones, including the one with the pediment, are flanked and separated by a total of six more pilasters. Wherever the pilasters occur on this facade, the wall is slightly set off to the front. The bottom of this rear part is lifted on a podium and the pilasters are surmounted by an entablure with a very simple frieze and architrave.
The corners on this rear part of the building are rounded, a somewhat unusual condition for corners in buildings of this type of architecture. After a recent remodeling, most windows and doors were finished in near-duplicative (usually louvered casement) designs. The new annex on the side features arched openings to the street and has glass fenestration. This addition does not contribute to the property's architectural value but due to its disposition and volume it does not harm the main structure's integrity either. Even with the 1928 alterations, the building "is still a magnificent example of Spanish architecture in Ponce and of the neoclassical style".
Recent developments
In 2009, Ponce mayor Francisco Zayas Seijo reported that $1 million had been used by the municipality to remove toxic materials from the Hospital, and was optimistic that the inversion would lead to the opening of the hospital.
In the summer of 2019, the Ponce Municipal Legislature approved a resolution for the lease or sale of the structure.
References
Further reading
The Puerto Rico Eagle. Feb. 1, 1909.
Architects and Builders' Magazine. 1909, p. 289.
Eduardo Newman Gandia. Verdadera y Autentica Historia de la Ciudad de Ponce. Ponce, Puerto Rico. 1913.
Directorio Comercial de Ponce. 1985.
External links
Hospital buildings completed in 1885
National Register of Historic Places in Ponce, Puerto Rico
Neoclassical architecture in Puerto Rico
Hospitals in Ponce, Puerto Rico
1987 in Puerto Rico
1885 establishments in Puerto Rico
Municipal hospitals
"The Rain" is a 1986 crossover hit single originally performed by R&B singer Oran "Juice" Jones, which they released on and from their debut album Juice.
The song's lyrics involve a man confronting their lover regarding their infidelity. At the end of the track is a long recitation which was written by Vincent Bell, who also composed the music.
Reception
The single was Jones's biggest hit. It reached number one on the Billboard R&B chart for two weeks, making it the first #1 R&B hit issued by the then newly created Def Jam record label. The single also peaked at #9 on the Billboard Hot 100. Outside the United States, "The Rain" reached #4 on the UK Singles Chart
"The Rain" was nominated for one Grammy Award for Best R&B Vocal Performance, Male, but Jones never had another Hot 100 hit and left the music business after their third album failed to chart. "The Rain" is ranked #63 on VH1's 100 Greatest One-Hit Wonders of the '80s.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Production
The Rain music video featured actor Danita Davis as Jones' girlfriend.
Answer records
Several answer records were recorded after the success of "The Rain". All were released in 1986. “Thunder & Lightning”, performed by Miss Thang, was released by Tommy Boy Records. "Walkin in the Rain, Yes You Saw Me" by Pamala was released by Evejim Records. "The Drain", recorded by Leot Littlepage, was released on Select Records.
Cover Versions
In 2001, the song was covered by NYC band Si*Sé on their self-titled debut album.
In 2005, jazz artist Ledisi covered "The Rain" on the album Def Jazz, which featured vocals from Jones.
Samples
The song was sampled for "Standing in the Rain" by Action Bronson and Dan Auerbach of The Black Keys ft Mark Ronson featured in the 2016 film Suicide Squad.
In popular culture
The song was featured in a late 1986 episode of the US daytime soap opera General Hospital.
In 2018, Donald Glover parodied the song in a Saturday Night Live sketch written by and co-starring cast member Cecily Strong and also featuring Kenan Thompson. Glover played "Raz P. Berry," singing "The Night (I Watched You)." Instead of ending with the usual string of threats and revenge, the whole song turns out to be a disastrous case of mistaken identity.
References
1986 singles
1986 songs
Def Jam Recordings singles
Songs about infidelity
Parul Dalsukhbhai Parmar (born 20 March 1973) is an Indian para-badminton player from Gujarat. They had been ranked world number one in para-badminton women's singles SL3.
Early life
Parmar was born in Gandhinagar, Gujarat. They were diagnosed with Poliomyelitis when they were three years old and in the same year they fell from a swing while playing, resulting in a fractured collar bone and right leg. The injury took a long time to heal. Them father was a state-level badminton player and would go to a local badminton club to practice. They also started going to the club with their father and started developing interest in the game. They also began playing badminton with neighbour kids. A local coach, Surendra Parekh, noticed their talent in the sport and encouraged them to play more seriously.
Career
They won the golds in women's singles and doubles at the 2017 BWF Para-Badminton World Championships. They defeated Wannaphatdee Kamtam of Thailand in singles' final. Along with Japan's Akiko Sugino, they defeated China's Cheng Hefang and Ma Huihui in doubles' final.
They have won golds in women's single SL3 at the 2014 and 2018 Asian Para Games. They also won gold in women's singles SL3 category, at the 2018 Thailand Para-Badminton International. They had previously won the silver in 2014 Asian Para Games and the bronze in 2010 Asian Para Games. They also won the gold in the mixed doubles in SL3-SU5 category with Raj Kumar at the 2015 BWF Para-Badminton World Championships.
 They are a three time world champion and they won gold and silver medals in 2014, Asian Para Games in Incheon, South Korea. They played against Kamtam Wannaphatdee and Panyachaem Paramee, both hailing from Thailand, to win the medals. They also won two golds in Women's Singles and Doubles by defeating Wannaphatdee Kamtam, a Thai player, in the Singles Final and they paired with Japan's Akiko Sugino in Doubles, to defeat the Chinese duo of Cheng Hefang and Ma Huihui, in the Para Badminton World Championships, held in Ulsan, Korea in 2019.
They work as a coach with the Sports Authority of India and lives in Gandhinagar, Gujarat.
Awards
Parmar was awarded the Arjuna Award in 2009 by the Government of India and Eklavya Award by the Government of Gujarat.
Achievements
World Championships
Women's singles
Women's doubles
Mixed doubles
Asian Para Games
Women's singles
Mixed doubles
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Indian female badminton players
Indian female para-badminton players
Paralympic badminton players of India
Badminton players at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
People with polio
People from Gandhinagar
Racket sportspeople from Gujarat
Sportswomen from Gujarat
20th-century Indian women
21st-century Indian women
The ICF World Junior and U23 Canoe Slalom Championships are an annual international canoeing and kayaking event organized by the International Canoe Federation (ICF). The Junior World Championships were first held in 1986 and then every two years until 2012. The Under-23 category has been added to the program in 2012. Since then the championships have been held annually. Athletes under the age of 18 are eligible for the junior category.
Summary
Medal tables
As of the 2022 Championships.
Junior
Under-23
Junior medalists
Canoe Single (C1) Boys
Canoe Double (C2) Boys
Discontinued: 2017.
Kayak (K1) Boys
Extreme Kayak (K1) Boys
Canoe Single (C1) Girls
Kayak (K1) Girls
Extreme Kayak (K1) Girls
Canoe Double (C2) Mixed
Canoe Single (C1) Boys Teams
Canoe Double (C2) Boys Teams
Discontinued: 2016.
Kayak (K1) Boys Teams
Canoe Single (C1) Girls Teams
Kayak (K1) Girls Teams
Under 23 Medalists
Canoe Single (C1) Men
Canoe Double (C2) Men
Discontinued: 2017.
Kayak (K1) Men
Extreme Kayak (K1) Men
Canoe Single (C1) Women
Kayak (K1) Women
Extreme Kayak (K1) Women
Canoe Double (C2) Mixed
Canoe Single (C1) Men Teams
Canoe Double (C2) Men Teams
Discontinued: 2017.
Kayak (K1) Men Teams
Canoe Single (C1) Women Teams
Kayak (K1) Women Teams
See also
ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
European Junior and U23 Canoe Slalom Championships
References
U23 Championships results archive
Junior Championships results archive
External links
International Canoe Federation
World championships in canoeing and kayaking
Canoe slalom
World youth sports competitions
Recurring sporting events established in 1986
Busk is a hamlet in Cumbria, England. It is located by road to the east of Kirkoswald.
See also
List of places in Cumbria
References
Hamlets in Cumbria
Kirkoswald, Cumbria
Chronological snobbery is an argument that the thinking, art, or science of an earlier time is inherently inferior to that of the present, simply by virtue of its temporal priority or the belief that since civilization has advanced in certain areas, people of earlier periods were less intelligent. The term was coined by C. S. Lewis and Owen Barfield, and first mentioned by Lewis in their 1955 autobiographical work, Surprised by Joy. Chronological snobbery is a form of appeal to novelty.
Explanation
As Barfield explains it, it is the belief that "intellectually, humanity languished for countless generations in the most childish errors on all sorts of crucial subjects, until it was redeemed by some simple scientific dictum of the last century." The subject came up between them when Barfield had converted to Anthroposophy and was seeking to get Lewis (an atheist at the time) to join him. One of Lewis's objections was that religion was simply outdated, and in Surprised by Joy (chapter 13, pp. 207–208), they describe how this was fallacious:
A manifestation of chronological snobbery is the usage in general of the word "medieval" to mean "backwards".
See also
Declinism
Genetic fallacy
Historian's fallacy
Myth of progress
Presentism (literary and historical analysis)
Whig history
References
External links
Chronological Snobbery at Encyclopedia Barfieldiana
C. S. Lewis on Chronological Snobbery
Chronological Snobbery at Summa Bergania
1950s neologisms
C. S. Lewis
Relevance fallacies
Kobyle is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Rejowiec, south-west of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Lambertiodes harmonia is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in China (Sichuan, Yunnan, Tibet), Burma, Thailand, India, Nepal and Vietnam.
References
Moths described in 1908
Sparganothini
The cluster-expansion approach is a technique in quantum mechanics that systematically truncates the BBGKY hierarchy problem that arises when quantum dynamics of interacting systems is solved. This method is well suited for producing a closed set of numerically computable equations that can be applied to analyze a great variety of many-body and/or quantum-optical problems. For example, it is widely applied in semiconductor quantum optics and it can be applied to generalize the semiconductor Bloch equations and semiconductor luminescence equations.
Background
Quantum theory essentially replaces classically accurate values by a probabilistic distribution that can be formulated using, e.g., a wavefunction, a density matrix, or a phase-space distribution. Conceptually, there is always, at least formally, probability distribution behind each observable that is measured. Already in 1889, a long time before quantum physics was formulated, Thorvald N. Thiele proposed the cumulants that describe probabilistic distributions with as few quantities as possible; they called them half-invariants.
The cumulants form a sequence of quantities such as mean, variance, skewness, kurtosis, and so on, that identify the distribution with increasing accuracy as more cumulants are used.
The idea of cumulants was converted into quantum physics by Fritz Coester
and Hermann Kümmel
with the intention of studying nuclear many-body phenomena. Later, Jiři Čížek and Josef Paldus extended the approach for quantum chemistry in order to describe many-body phenomena in complex atoms and molecules. This work introduced the basis for the coupled-cluster approach that mainly operates with many-body wavefunctions. The coupled-clusters approach is one of the most successful methods to solve quantum states of complex molecules.
In solids, the many-body wavefunction has an overwhelmingly complicated structure such that the direct wave-function-solution techniques are intractable. The cluster expansion is a variant of the coupled-clusters approach
and it solves the dynamical equations of correlations instead of attempting to solve the quantum dynamics of an approximated wavefunction or density matrix. It is equally well suited to treat properties of many-body systems and quantum-optical correlations, which has made it very suitable approach for semiconductor quantum optics.
Like almost always in many-body physics or quantum optics, it is most convenient to apply the second-quantization formalism to describe the physics involved. For example, a light field is then described through Boson creation and annihilation operators and , respectively, where defines the momentum of a photon. The "hat" over signifies the operator nature of the quantity. When the many-body state consists of electronic excitations of matter, it is fully defined by Fermion creation and annihilation operators and , respectively, where refers to particle's momentum while is some internal degree of freedom, such as spin or band index.
Classification of N-particle contributions
When the many-body system is studied together with its quantum-optical properties, all measurable expectation values can be expressed in the form of an N-particle expectation value
where and while the explicit momentum indices are suppressed for the sake of briefness. These quantities are normally ordered, which means that all creation operators are on the left-hand side while all annihilation operators are on the right-hand side in the expectation value. It is straight forward to show that this expectation value vanishes if the amount of Fermion creation and annihilation operators are not equal.
Once the system Hamiltonian is known, one can use the Heisenberg equation of motion to generate the dynamics of a given -particle operator. However, the many-body as well as quantum-optical interactions couple the -particle quantities to -particle expectation values, which is known as the Bogolyubov–Born–Green–Kirkwood–Yvon (BBGKY) hierarchy problem. More mathematically, all particles interact with each other leading to an equation structure
where functional symbolizes contributions without hierarchy problem and the functional for hierarchical (Hi) coupling is symbolized by . Since all levels of expectation values can be nonzero, up to the actual particle number, this equation cannot be directly truncated without further considerations.
Recursive definition of clusters
The hierarchy problem can be systematically truncated after identifying correlated clusters. The simplest definitions follow after one identifies the clusters recursively. At the lowest level, one finds the class of single-particle expectation values (singlets) that are symbolized by . Any two-particle expectation value can be approximated by factorization that contains a formal sum over all possible products of single-particle expectation values. More generally, defines the singlets and is the singlet factorization of an -particle expectation value. Physically, the singlet factorization among Fermions produces the Hartree–Fock approximation while for Bosons it yields the classical approximation where Boson operators are formally replaced by a coherent amplitude, i.e., . The singlet factorization constitutes the first level of the cluster-expansion representation.
The correlated part of is then the difference of the actual and the singlet factorization . More mathematically, one finds
where the contribution denotes the correlated part, i.e., . The next levels of identifications follow recursively by applying
where each product term represents one factorization symbolically and implicitly includes a sum over all factorizations within the class of terms identified. The purely correlated part is denoted by . From these, the two-particle correlations determine doublets while the three-particle correlations are called triplets.
As this identification is applied recursively, one may directly identify which correlations appear in the hierarchy problem. One then determines the quantum dynamics of the correlations, yielding
where the factorizations produce a nonlinear coupling among clusters. Obviously, introducing clusters cannot remove the hierarchy problem of the direct approach because the hierarchical contributions remain in the dynamics. This property and the appearance of the nonlinear terms seem to suggest complications for the applicability of the cluster-expansion approach.
However, as a major difference to a direct expectation-value approach, both many-body and quantum-optical interactions generate correlations sequentially.
In several relevant problems, one indeed has a situation where only the lowest-order clusters are initially nonvanishing while the higher-order clusters build up slowly. In this situation, one can omit the hierarchical coupling, , at the level exceeding -particle clusters. As a result, the equations become closed and one only needs to compute the dynamics up to -particle correlations in order to explain the relevant properties of the system. Since it is typically much smaller than the overall particle number, the cluster-expansion approach yields a pragmatic and systematic solution scheme for many-body and quantum-optics investigations.
Extensions
Besides describing quantum dynamics, one can naturally apply the cluster-expansion approach to represent the quantum distributions. One possibility is to represent the quantum fluctuations of a quantized light mode in terms of clusters, yielding the cluster-expansion representation. Alternatively, one can express them in terms of the expectation-value representation . In this case, the connection from to the density matrix is unique but can result in a numerically diverging series. This problem can be solved by introducing a cluster-expansion transformation (CET)
that represents the distribution in terms of a Gaussian, defined by the singlet–doublet contributions, multiplied by a polynomial, defined by the higher-order clusters. It turns out that this formulation provides extreme convergence in representation-to-representation transformations.
This completely mathematical problem has a direct physical application. One can apply the cluster-expansion transformation to robustly project classical measurement into a quantum-optical measurement.
This property is largely based on CET's ability to describe any distribution in the form where a Gaussian is multiplied by a polynomial factor. This technique is already being used to access and derive quantum-optical spectroscopy from a set of classical spectroscopy measurements, which can be performed using high-quality lasers.
See also
BBGKY hierarchy
Quantum-optical spectroscopy
Semiconductor Bloch equations
Semiconductor luminescence equations
References
Further reading
Quantum mechanics
Ronnie Zabala Lazaro (born November 14, 1957) is a Gawad Urian Award-winning Filipino film and television actor, producer, casting and art director.
Biography
They have received many nominations throughout their career as an actor, nine of which were for Best Supporting Actor, and two for Best Actor (Ebolusyon in 2005 and Boatman in 1984). Their films received recognition not only in the Philippines but also in international film festivals such as Cannes, Berlin and Hong Kong.  They are currently working on a saga, Heremias, with Filipino director Lav Diaz, the first part of which has been shown for exhibition in the 23rd Turin Film Festival. They have also performed in several foreign projects filmed both in the Philippines and abroad.
Lazaro is also active in television and has appeared in various soap operas, such as Kamada, winner of the Dove Awards in 1997, and Anna Luna, where they were nominated for Best Supporting Actor in 1990.
Lazaro was born in Negros Occidental, Philippines. Their roots are in theatre: They co-directed an improvisational play entitled Pugakhang in 1979, and has toured nationwide to stage several plays including Hiblang Abo, which they co-produced.
Aside from their work as a film, theatre and television actor, Lazaro has had their share of achievements behind the camera. Their art direction in Manila by Night won the Best Production Design Award in 1981. A self-taught photographer, they also launched in January 2005 a photo exhibit in the Museo de la Cárcel Real in Cáceres, Spain entitled Manila en las palmas de la luz (Manila in the palms of light), which ran for two months. The same exhibit was again mounted in October 2006 in Museo Perez Commendador–Leroux, coinciding with the 20th anniversary of the said museum.
The Gawad Urian Awards named Lazaro Best Actor in 2009 for their portrayal of a troubled father in the movie Yanggaw (English title: Affliction). They clinched two nominations from this same award-giving body in 2012: they were nominated as Best Actor for the film Boundary, and for Best Supporting Actor for Manila Kingpin: The Asiong Salonga Story.
Aside from their native Hiligaynon, Ronnie speaks Tagalog, English and a little Spanish.
Filmography
Theatre
Bakeretta (Ghost Operetta) by Chong Wishing. Translated by Liza Magtoto. Cultural Center of the Philippines (CCP).
Mass by F. Sionil Jose. Directed by Cris Millado. Adaptation by Rody Vera. CCP.
Oraciones by Rene Villanueva, Rody Vera, Nick Pichay and Liza Magtoto. Directed by Jose Estrella. CCP.
Pinoy Agonistes by Nick Joaquin. Directed by Nonon Padilla. CCP.
Hiblang Abo by Rene Villanueva. Directed by Spanky Manikan and Pen Medina.
Piglas by Mikhail Bulgakov. Translated by Onie de Leon. Directed by Nonon Padilla. CCP.
Ulo ni Pancho Villa by Dennis Marasigan. CCP.
Tatlong Parusa, Isang Sentensiya by Pedro Calderon de la Barca. Translated by J.B. Capino. Directed by Nonon Padilla. CCP.
Neo Filipino (Dance Poetry). Directed by Denissa Reyes and Agnes Locsin. CCP.
Ang Propeta (Musical). Written and directed by Paulo Mercado. Music Museum.
Ibon sa Lawa by Anton Chekov. Translated by Jose Maria Matute. Directed by Nonon Padilla. CCP.
And St. Louis Loves Dem Pilipinos by Floy Quintos. Directed by Tony Mabesa. University of the Philippines.
Katipunan by Boni Ilagan. Directed by Tony Espejo. Philippine International Convention Center.
Kanser by Jomar Fleras. Directed by Jun Pablo and Tony Espejo.
San Lorenzo Ruiz. Directed by Tony Espejo.
Martir de Golgota. Directed by Lou Veloso. Sta. Ana, Makati.
Ang Munting Prinsipe. Adaptation of The Little Prince by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry. Directed by Tony Espejo. Metropolitan Theater.
Bien Aliktad. Directed by Joel Lamangan. CCP.
Sino Ba Kayo? Directed by Armand Sta. Ana. Intramuros.
Kuwentong Katawa-tawa. Adaptation of a work by Armand Salacrou. Directed by Ray Ventura. Philam Life Theater.
Esprit de Corps. Directed by Susan Ceneza. CCP.
Inspired Madness (Dance). Directed by Peque Gallaga. CCP.
Sa Kaluoy Sang Diyos (Skin of our Teeth). Directed by Peque Gallaga. St. Scholastica's College Manila.
Pugakhang. Directed by Peque Gallaga and Ronnie Lazaro. University of St. La Salle, formerly La Salle College, Bacolod.
Ang Manugpatigayon. Directed by Peque Gallaga. University of St. La Salle.
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum. Directed by Peque Gallaga. University of St. La Salle.
The King and I. Adaptation of the classical Rodgers and Hammerstein play. Directed by Peque Gallaga. University of St. La Salle.
Ang Baylarina (An Ilonggo Adaptation). Directed by Manny Julian. University of St. La Salle.
Film
1977 The Captive Virgins ... Hermes
1978 Wake Up, Maruja ... Vergel
1982 Oro, Plata, Mata ... Hermes Mercurio
1984 Boatman ... Felipe
1984 Joyful Mystery1984 Batuigas II: Pasukuin si Waway ... Tosan
1985 Bilang Na ang Oras Mo1985 Revenge for Justice ... Younger Brother
1986 Flesh Avenue1987 Sweet Revenge ... Jimmy Lee
1989 Harimao1989 Return from the River Kwai ... Boonrod
1990 Delta Force 2: The Colombian Connection ... Quiquina's Husband
1991 Ganti ng Api ... Conrad
1992 Narito ang Puso Ko1992 Bayani1994 Fortunes of War ... Border Patrol Lieutenant
1994 Massacre Files1994 Separada ... Hector
1994 Lipa "Arandia" Massacre: Lord, Deliver Us from Evil1995 Victim No. 1: Delia Maga (Jesus, Pray for Us!) – A Massacre in Singapore1995 Costales ... Kidnapper
1995 Closer to Home ... Denied Applicant (scenes deleted)
1996 Medrano1997 Ipaglaban Mo II: The Movie ... Albert
1997 Damong Ligaw ... Andrés Bonifacio
1997 Behind Enemy Lines (1997 film) ... Airport Policeman
1998 Sa Pusod ng Dagat ... Berto
1998 Curacha ang Babaeng Walang Pahinga ... Scavenger
1998 Jose Rizal ... Don Francisco Mercado
1999 Yesterday Children ... Nonong
1999 Brokedown Palace... Security
1999 Naked Under the Moon1999 Flower of Manila ... Ed's Father
2000 Shadows (short) ... Photographer
2001 ID ... Rodel (pilay)
2001 Radio ... Peter
2001 New Moon ... Datu Ali
2002 Hesus, Rebolusyunaryo ... Miguel Reynante
2002 Utang ni Tatang ... Al
2002 Timeless ... Mirdo B. Orbida
2002 Au bout du rouleau (TV movie) Phan
2003 Bulong sa Kawalan2004 Astigmatism ... Manong Gerry
2004 Evolution of a Filipino Family ... Fernando
2004 Panaghóy sa Subâ: The Call of the River ... Kuwanggol
2004 The Echo ... Caretaker
2005 Ang Anak ni Brocka2005 Ilusyon ... Pablo
2005 Sandalang Bahay ... Mang Anong
2005 Boso ... Imbestigador 2
2005 Baryoke2005 Lasponggols2005 Miss Pinoy2005 Maging Akin Muli (TV movie) ... Nonoy Cruz
2005 Shake, Rattle & Roll 2k5 ... Bulag (segment "Lihim ng San Joaquin")
2006 Green Rocking Chair2006 Heremias (Unang Aklat: Ang Alamat ng Prinsesang Bayawak) ... Heremias
2007 M.O.N.A.Y (Misteyks Obda Neyson Adres Yata) ni Mr. Shooli2007 Tukso2007 Ataul for Rent (International title: Casket for Hire)
2008 Ploning2008 Namets!2008 Affliction2008 Love Me Again2008 Brutus2009 Villa Estrella2009 Manila Skies2009 Pandemic2009 Yanggaw2010 Amigo2010 Ishmael2011 Manila Kingpin: The Asiong Salonga Story2012 Ang Katiwala Kuya Gimo
2012 Pridyider2012 Ang Mga Kidnapper ni Ronnie Lazaro2012 Captured2012 El Presidente General Candido Tirona
2015 Heneral Luna ... Lt. Garcia
2017 Tatlong Bibe2018 Goyo: Ang Batang Heneral ... Lt. Garcia
2019 Maria ... Greg
2021 Gensan Punch2022 When the Waves Are GoneTelevision
Producer
2005: Sandalang Bahay (associate producer)
2009: Ang Beerhouse (associate producer)
Casting director
2010 AmigoArt director
1980 City After Dark''
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
ABS-CBN personalities
Casting directors
Filipino male film actors
Filipino male stage actors
Filipino male television actors
GMA Network personalities
Hiligaynon people
Male actors from Negros Occidental
Visayan people
Alvin Eugene Hall is a former professional American football player who played safety for six seasons for the Detroit Lions. Previously, Hall played at Dayton Fairview High School in Dayton, Ohio. Hall led the Bulldogs basketball team as the point guard to the first City Conference title in 33 years and played safety on the football team winning their division one year.
1958 births
Living people
American football safeties
Players of American football from Dayton, Ohio
Miami RedHawks football players
Detroit Lions players
National Football League replacement players
David Montague Davis (c.1853 – 30 November 1932), was a British choirmaster and music teacher.
David Montague Davis was born in London in c. 1853, and privately educated there.
Davis started as choirmaster of the East London Synagogue in 1877, and the following year they were appointed musical director, choirmaster and organist of the New West End Synagogue, a year before it opened its doors in 1879, and remained its choirmaster for 51 years.
They edited The Voice of Prayer and Praise (1899), together with Rabbi Francis L. Cohen, known as the Blue Book, as that was the colour of its original cover.
Davis founded the Hebrew Choral Association, and in 1900, was appointed director of the Gunnersbury School of Music, and in 1906 they became conductor of the Chiswick and Gunnersbury Philharmonic Society.
References
1853 births
1932 deaths
Musicians from London
English Jews
Jewish classical musicians
Jewish composers
19th-century composers
20th-century composers
20th-century British conductors (music)
Baharestan is the Iranian parliament building.
Baharestan (), also rendered as Bahristan may also refer to:
Places
Afghanistan
Baharestan, Afghanistan, a village in Badakhshan Province
Iran
Baharestan, Fars, a village
Baharestan, Gilan, a village
Baharestan, Isfahan, a city in Isfahan Province
Baharestan Rural District, in Isfahan Province
Baharestan, Rafsanjan, a village in Kerman Province
Baharestan, Zarand, a village in Kerman Province
Baharestan, Kurdistan, a village
Baharestan, Ashtian, a village in Markazi Province
Baharestan, Farahan, a village in Markazi Province
Baharestan, Khondab, a village in Markazi Province
Baharestan, Mazandaran, a village
Baharestan, Razavi Khorasan, a village
Baharestan, South Khorasan, a village
Baharestan (district), a district of Tehran
Baharestan County, a county in Tehran Province
Baharestan Metro Station, a station in Tehran Metro Line 2
Other uses
Baharestan (book), a Persian book by Jami
Baharestan (newspaper), an Iranian newspaper of the Fars region
Baharestan Carpet, a style of Persian carpet
This is a list of computer hardware and software which supports FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec), a file format designed for lossless compression of digital audio.
Hardware support
Car devices
Alpine CDE-163BT
Alpine UTE-62BT
Citroën DS5
Hyundai Ioniq
Hyundai Kona
Kenwood KMM-100U
Peugeot 208 Blue Lion
Pioneer Avic-4100 -> 8100NEX
Pioneer DEH-X8700BH
Power Acoustik PD-622NB
Renault Espace
SEAT León
Sony MEX-N5100BT
Sony MEX-XB100BT
Tesla Models S/X/3/Y
DJ players
Pioneer CDJ-2000nexus2
Pioneer CDJ-TOUR1
Pioneer XDJ-1000mk2
Portable stereo / boombox
Active speakers
Fenda F&D A140X, F&D A180X
Logitech Z607 5.1
Home audio AV receivers / amplifiers
Bang and Olufsen BeoSound 5
Denon AVR-1612, AVR-2313, AVR-3310, AVR-3808, AVR-4308, AVR-4310, AVR-4311, AVR-4520A, AVR-4810, AVR-5308, AVP-A1HDCI, AVR-X1000, AVR-X2000, AVR-X3000, AVR-X4000, NP-720AE*Escient
Onkyo TX-8050, TX-SR309, TX-SR333, TX-NR535, TX-NR626, TX-NR636, TX-NR737, TX-NR838, TX-NR1030, TX-NR3030
Pioneer SC-05, SC-07, SC-25, SC-27, SC-35, SC-37, SC-09TX, X-HM76B, XC-HM86
Sonos 16-bit max.
Sony's High-Res Audio Players
Yamaha RX-A1000/A2000/A3000 AV Receiver, RX-V477, RX-V671, RX-V673 (RX-V773, RX-V671, RX-V673 – up to 96 kHz streaming and 192 kHz external links) AV Receivers, RX-V773, RX-V795, RX-V1067, RX-V2065 AV Receiver, RX-V2067, RX-V3067 AV Receivers
Home media servers and clients
Cambridge Audio CXN Network Player | Azur 851N Network Player
Dvico TVIX HD M-6500, N1 (cafe), HD M-6600A/N Plus, HD M-7000
Linn Klimax DS, Renew DS, Akurate DS, Majik DS and Sneaky Music DS
Logitech Squeezebox and Transporter network music players from Logitech. Current products decode natively, old v1 units transcode to PCM on the server. (discontinued)
Naim Audio HDX Hard Disk Player, NaimUniti, UnitiQute, DAC, NDX, UnitiServe
Meridian Sooloos
Pixel Magic Systems' HD Mediabox (with firmware 1.3.4 or higher)
PS Audio Perfect Wave DAC + Bridge (Digital-to-Analog Converter/Digital Streamer)
Seagate FreeAgent Theater+ HD, HDTV Network Media Player STAJ100
T+A Music Player
Western Digital WD TV HD based
Portable handheld players
Colorfly C3, C4, C10, C200
Creative Zen X-Fi 2
FiiO X Series
iAudio (Cowon): A2, A3, 6, 7, F2, O2, M3, M5, X5, U3, U5, D2, D2+, S9, J3, X7 native support with newer firmware.
iriver E200, E150, E100, E50, E30, Lplayer, SPINN, T8.
Meizu M6 Mini Player, M3 Music Card
PonoPlayer
Rio Karma
Samsung YP-U5 USB stick portable player
Sandisk Clip Sport
SanDisk Sansa Fuze, Clip (with updated firmware), Clip+, Fuze+, Clip Zip
Teclast T29, T39, C260, C280, C290
TRAXMOD Open source, open hardware portable MMC/SD player
Trekstor Vibez
VEDIA A10, B6
Smartphones and tablets
Archos 5 Internet Tablet
Archos Internet Media Tablets
Nokia N900, Nokia N9
BlackBerry Playbook Tablet, BlackBerry 10 smartphones
Most Android devices with a compatible third-party player, such as Apollo or
Samsung Droid Charge, Galaxy S II Epic 4G Touch, Exhibit 4G, Fascinate, Infuse 4G, Mesmerize
Samsung Galaxy Note, R, S, S Plus, S II, S II LTE, S III, Samsung Galaxy W, SL, Tab, U and all later models running Android 3.1 or later
LG Optimus G, LG G2, LG G3, LG G4, LG V10, LG G5, LG V20
Sony Xperia Z series, Sony Xperia X, XA, XA1
Samsung Wave series
Windows Mobile 6.5 or earlier with compatible third-party software player.
Windows Phone devices running Windows 10 Mobile (Windows Phone 7/8 may vary).
Jolla series of smartphones
Blu-ray / DVD / USB players
LG UBKM9, UBK90, UBK80 (Blu-ray players with USB port)
OPPO Digital BDP-93 & BDP-95 and BDP-103 & BDP-105 Universal Network 3D Blu-ray Disc Players, and UDP-203 & UDP-205 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Disc Players
Panasonic BDP-BD77, BDT500
Roku Ultra (media player)
Samsung HT-H4500R
Sony BDP-S1200, BDP-S3200, BDP-S4200, BDP-S5200
Portable handheld recorders
Olympus LS-P4
Unsorted
Embedded Waveplayer Module with FLAC level 0–2 support, MIDI and serial interface
Software support
Encoding
Although some software supports FLAC natively "out of the box", some require installation of a third-part FLAC filter or plug-in.
Decoding
Cross-platform
Boxee
FFmpeg
aTunes
PS3 Media Server
Adobe Audition
Audacity 1.3.5 Beta
Clementine
Firefox
fre:ac
MPlayer
Songbird
Style Jukebox
Squeezebox
The Core Pocket Media Player with FLAC plugin
VLC media player
Kodi
Mixxx Digital DJ software
Plex media center
Microsoft Windows
Ableton Live
Adobe Premiere Pro with FLAC plugin
AIMP
foobar2000
GoldWave
JRiver Media Center since version 12.0.3xx
iTunes after installing codec from Xiph (Ogg FLAC only)
JetAudio
K-Multimedia Player
Media Go
MediaMonkey
MusicBee
Cockos REAPER Multitrack Recorder and Editor
Renoise supports import and export from version 1.8
Quintessential Player with FLAC plugin
SUPER
Vegas Pro 8, Vegas Pro 9
Total Recorder
TRAKTOR 3
TRAKTOR Scratch
TVersity, using ffdshow to transcode stream to WAV
Winamp
Windows Media Player and Media Player Classic with third-party plugin
Media Player Classic Home Cinema
Yahoo! Music Jukebox
Windows Mobile
Kinoma Play
CorePlayer (Shareware)
Unix-like operating systems
Audacious
Banshee
Baudline
cmus
mpd
ogg123 (if compiled against FLAC: ogg123 is part of the 'vorbis-tools' package)
Xine
XMMS
XMMS2
GNOME
Quod Libet (software)
Rhythmbox
Totem Movie Player
Serpentine
KDE
Amarok
JuK
Mac OS X
Ableton Live
Cog
CorePlayer (Shareware)
QuickTime with the Xiph QT component
TCPMP (version 0.72rc1, open source) with free plug-in
TRAKTOR 3
TRAKTOR Scratch
Android
Poweramp
Ripping
Cross-platform
Songbird
aTunes
cdda2wav
fre:ac
Microsoft Windows
CDex included in v1.7 beta2
Exact Audio Copy using the external encoder
foobar2000 (with external encoder)
JetAudio
Media Go
MediaMonkey
MusicBee
Winamp
Yahoo! Music Jukebox
Unix-like operating systems
Asunder
Banshee
Cdparanoia
Mencoder
Grip
GNOME
Sound Juicer
KDE
K3b
Konqueror
OS packaged software
Apple
iOS
FLAC is natively supported on IOS 11, including all "iDevices", but only via the Files (Apple) app or iCloud Drive. iTunes does not support FLAC, with Apple only offering native support for their own similar ALAC lossless audio format. Third-party applications are available in the App Store which enable FLAC playback.
Jailbroken iOS devices could play it through the applications from Cydia.
macOS
As with their iOS operating system, Apple's iTunes software on macOS cannot natively play back FLAC audio files. One exception to this is with the use of a third-party software plug-in, which currently allows iTunes software to play back a small percentage of Ogg-based FLAC files. Computers that run on the macOS High Sierra operating can play Flac files via QuickTime Player. Older versions require third-party non-iTunes media players in order to playback FLAC files, or to encode into FLAC files.
Android
Native support for FLAC was added to the Android operating system starting from the 3.1 'Honeycomb' update. The feature came about after much public discussion on Android's Google Code development site. However, FLAC support is limited to .FLAC files as Android does not support decode inside of other file containers (such as MP4 and MKV).
Prior to the Android 3.1 update, Samsung included native support on over 32 Android devices, including their Galaxy line of phones. In addition, other prior Android device users could only (and still today) resort to using third-party applications (apps) available for Android such as PowerAMP, andLess, Astro Player or otherwise alternatively turn to installing custom system ROMs such as CyanogenMod. Note that some of these third-party applications, especially PowerAMP, decode FLAC and other formats using FFmpeg and therefore do not rely on the operating system to provide that functionality.
Microsoft
The Windows Mobile operating system is able to support playback of FLAC files through the use of plugins or third-party applications such as TCMP and others. On Windows Phone 7 (WP7) there is no FLAC support available in the default Zune media player though playback is supported in third-party applications like a Flac Player. Similar goes for Windows Phone 8.
Microsoft Windows 10 supports FLAC decoding in Windows Media Player and other software that uses Windows platform APIs for audio decoding.
After-market / FLAC support with modding
Nintendo Wii when running the Wii homebrew app MPlayerWii or MPlayer CE or WiiMC
Apple TV, Plex, XBMC Media Center or Boxee
iPod: 1st through Classic generation, iPod mini and 1st/2nd generation iPod nano (not the shuffle, 3rd gen nano, or touch), using third party Rockbox firmware
Nearly all other Rockbox-compatible DAPs, including the iriver and Gigabeat (Toshiba) range of devices, plus the asupervisorstioned iPods
Sound Devices 7-Series Professional Audio Recorders with "badger" firmware update (v.2.24)
Sony PlayStation Portable when running the homebrew LightMP3 application.
Samsung YP-P3, YP-Q1, YP-Q2, YP-U5, YP-S5 (with upgraded firmware available from Samsung website)
FLAC playback is possible on mobile devices or phones based on Windows Mobile, or Symbian OS with either S60, Series 80 or Series 90 UI platforms, can run the free open source media player application OggPlay. Also LCG Jukebox from Lonely Cat Games is able to play FLAC audio on Symbian S60 and Windows Mobile devices.
Android operating system devices are capable of playing FLAC since version 3.1 Others may also support it by replacing the device's firmware with the third-party CyanogenMod ROM, which can play back FLAC. Otherwise users could simply opt to use a third-party supported application for Android such as PowerAMP, andLess, RockPlayer or Meridian Media Player. Such players can even recognize the tags after using Extended Media Scanner. Example of this include HTC HD2 running third-party Android software.
Rockbox open source firmware for multiple portable audio players
References
External links
GSMArena Phone Finder: all phones & tablets with FLAC support
FLAC links page: another (non-exhaustive) list of products with FLAC support
2l.no/hire : free download FLAC, DSD, DSF for test purposes.
Computer-related introductions in 2001
Cross-platform software
Free audio software
Free multimedia codecs, containers, and splitters
Lossless audio codecs
Xiph.Org projects
Free codecs
Free software lists and comparisons
Julie Braun-Vogelstein (1883–1971) was a German-born American art historian, author, editor, and journalist.
Biography
They were born in Stettin in Germany (now Szczecin, Poland). Julie Vogelstein was the daughter of rabbi Heinemann Vogelstein and sister of rabbi :de:Hermann Vogelstein, and industrialists Ludwig Vogelstein and :de:Theodor Vogelstein. They studied art history and Egyptology at the University of Munich and University of Berlin. In 1919 they received their PhD from the University of Heidelberg. In 1935 they left Germany for France and later the United States. In 1936 they went to California, and they lived in Carmel from time-to-time thereafter. They were a member of the board of the Leo Baeck Institute.
They were the secretary of Heinrich Braun (1854–1927), and became their second wife after the death of their wife Lily Braun (1865–1916). They were also the editor of Lily Braun's Collected Works.
They wrote and edited many books; for example they wrote Art: The Image of the West (1952) and edited The Diary of Otto Braun (1924). Otto Braun was their stepson, who died in World War I.
Them husband died in 1927; they did not have any children. Braun-Vogelstein died in New York City. Services were held at Riverside Memorial Chapel.
References
External links
Guide to the Julie Braun-Vogelstein Collection, 1743-1971, Leo Baeck Institute
Literature by, edited by, and about Julie Braun-Vogelstein in the catalog of the German National Library (in German)
1883 births
1971 deaths
German art historians
German women journalists
Jewish women writers
Women art historians
German women historians
German emigrants to the United States
20th-century German journalists
American art historians
20th-century German women
CHMY-FM is the call sign of an English language radio station located in Renfrew, Ontario on the FM dial at 96.1 MHz. Owned by My Broadcasting Corporation, the station airs an adult contemporary format branded as myFM, and is the company's flagship station.
The station was licensed by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission in 2004.
The station also has a rebroadcast transmitter in Arnprior, that originally operated on 104.7 FM. That transmitter was certified by Industry Canada Spectrum Management to move to 107.7 FM in 2007, due to potential broadcast interference from the FM conversion of CJRC in Gatineau. The switch in frequency took place in the spring of 2007. In October 2008, power was increased on CHMY-FM-1, and the transmitter site was relocated from the Arnprior water tower to the Glentel site at Mount Pakenham. On April 2, 2014, the CRTC approved My Broadcasting's application for a new English-language station in Arnprior, which will operate at 107.7 MHz, replacing rebroadcaster CHMY-FM-1 at that frequency. On the same date, the CRTC denied My Broadcasting's application for a new station in Carleton Place, which would have broadcast at 97.5 MHz.
On October 28, 2010, My Broadcasting applied to increase the effected radiated power for CHMY-FM; this application was approved on January 12, 2011.
In 2016, CHMY-FM-1 Arnprior dropped simulcast with CHMY-FM Renfrew, to operate as a full-time radio station at 107.7 FM in Arnprior. CHMY-FM-1 changed to CIMI-FM then changed to CFMP-FM.
References
External links
renfrewtoday.ca
arnpriortoday.ca
Hmy
Hmy
Radio stations established in 2004
2004 establishments in Ontario
HMY
Mount Cooper is located within Bundoora Park, a large (180 ha) public park, in the Melbourne suburb of Bundoora, and peaks at 137 meters above sea level. Mount Cooper is accessible by car via Mount Cooper Scenic Drive.
In at least one publication the peak is called Mount Prospect, or Bundoora Hill, but the height appears to have been recorded incorrectly at 102.5m. Greswell Hill, a smaller rise to the east is referred to by the same source as Mount Sugarloaf, however its given height, at 132m, strangely matches more closely that of the present Mount Cooper.
Mount Cooper was named for prominent early landowner, Horatio Cooper who was an assistant to Robert Hoddle during the first land sale of Melbourne. Their property was called Norris Bank and a park still remains with this name in Bundoora.
See also
List of mountains in Victoria
References
Geography of Melbourne
Cooper
"First Call" is a bugle call with three distinct meanings.
U.S. military use
At a U.S. military installation it is a pre-reveille "courtesy" signal, sounded around 05:50, originally to assemble the trumpeters to deliver the reveille that would be forthcoming at 06:00. Some locations also sound it a few minutes before "Retreat" (lowering the flag at the end of the day). In other military contexts it may be used (e.g. 5 minutes) prior to sounding "Assembly" for any particular formation.
Navy use
On ships of the U.S. Navy, "First Call" is sounded at 0755, five minutes ahead of "Morning Colors" (raising the national ensign), and 5 minutes before "Evening Colors" (lowering the national ensign). In the absence of a bugle, the word is passed, "First call, first call to colors." The same ceremony takes place on shore establishments but not on ships underway.
Horse racing
At a horse race, it is a signal that all mounts should be at the paddock exit in order to proceed to the track to begin the post parade. It started to be used at horse races prior to the 1860s. The tune is usually sounded by a bugler five to ten minutes before the scheduled start time of the race. The call serves a similar purpose in dog racing. In betting, it is the signal for the closing of any bets, with those being placed after the bugle is called considered a late bet; those who place a late bet may be disqualified or even thrown out of the race track or the casino. When "First call" is used for this purpose, it is usually referred to the "Call to the Post".
References
External multimedia
MP3 file, RealMedia file, FAS.org
Horse racing
Sporting fanfares
Bugle calls
was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Japan.
Itoh was a lifelong employee of Suzuki (mainly concerned with racing and competitions) and began their Grand Prix career in 1961 at the French motorcycle Grand Prix. There they were a DNS in the 125cc Grand Prix and retired on the 3rd Lap in the 250cc Grand Prix. They finished in fifth place in the 50cc world championships, four consecutive years between 1962 and 1965. In 1963, Itoh became the first Japanese rider with a Japanese motor-cycle (Suzuki) to win a race at the Isle of Man TT when they won the 50cc Ultra-Lightweight TT race. They remain the only Japanese rider to have won an Isle of Man TT race. Itoh won two Grand Prix races during their career. Itoh stayed with Suzuki for most of their racing career, even for their brief foray into car racing.
In cars
Itoh competed in a Can-Am style Suzuki Fronte RF single-seater in the JAF Grand Prix Formula Junior "Junior Seven Challenge Cup" race, held at Fuji International Speedway in 1970. They won the race with an average speed of 130.9 km/h. While they were also supposed to have started in the JAF Grand Prix Tournament (also at Fuji) two weeks later, the Junior Seven Challenge Cup victory remained their only start in a JAF race. Itoh also famously partnered with Stirling Moss in December 1968 for a publicity high-speed run along Italy's Autostrada del Sole, which leads from Milan to Naples. In the end, the average speed attained was , respectable for a car with a mere 356 cc engine.
Motorcycle Grand Prix results
(key) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
1937 births
Japanese motorcycle racers
50cc World Championship riders
125cc World Championship riders
Isle of Man TT riders
2019 deaths
Mifflin v. R. H. White Company, 190 U.S. 260 (1903), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that the authorized appearance of a work in a magazine without a copyright notice specifically dedicated to that work transfers that work into the public domain. Its opinion was also applied to the next case, Mifflin v. Dutton.
Background
The case concerned The Professor at the Breakfast-Table by Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr., published serially in Atlantic Monthly in 1859 without the appropriate copyright notice. The works were later published in a single volume by Houghton Mifflin Co. with payment to Holmes but the R. H. White store also published the same volume claiming it was in the public domain.
Holmes v. Hurst was an earlier Supreme Court case dealing with similar circumstances for Holmes's earlier work, The Autocrat of the Breakfast-Table.
References
External links
1903 in United States case law
United States copyright case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Fuller Court
The Atlantic (magazine)
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Lancelot Booth (24 September 1845 – 20 May 1913) was an Australian colonial actor, comedian, playwright, journalist and writer of short stories, novels and poems.
Biography
Early life and education
Born in Durham, England, Lancelot Booth was the son of Lancelot Parker Booth, colliery owner, and their wife, Anne Hedley. They emigrated to New Zealand in the 1870s and moved to Australia in 1876.
Career
In the early 1870s Booth worked on the stage in New Zealand, marrying actor Eliza Frances Eltham at the Union Hotel in Dunedin on 29 January 1873. During Booth's period in New Zealand their works for stage included: Guided by Public Opinion, or the Fortunes of a New-Chum (farce), Crime in the Clouds (drama), Formosa Married (farce), and New Magdalene.
They moved to Australia in 1876, where they initially worked on the Sydney stage. They made their first appearance at the Royal Victoria Theatre on 24 July 1876 as Count De Rivera in the Italian drama, Society, or a Mistake in Education. Booth was a prolific performer, appearing in more than 70 productions between 1876 and 1880, many of them alongside fellow actor Bland Holt, mainly in the Victoria Theatre and Queen's Theatre. The two first appeared together in The Steeplechase at the Royal Victoria on 28 October 1876 in Holt's first appearance in Sydney.
During the early to mid-1880s, they lived in Brisbane, where they were connected with the Brisbane Theatre Royal, appearing in more than 20 productions. Booth returned to Sydney sometime after 1885 and from that time made only rare appearances on stage. They appeared as Charles Beeswing in the farce, Taming a Tiger, at the Royal Standard on 28 November 1892 and in July 1898 joined with several old actors to perform Othello to raise money for the benefit of retired actors.
Booth also wrote a number of plays including Crime in the Clouds, performed at the Royal Standard Theatre in Sydney in January 1898 by Henry's Sydney and Suburban Company and Outlaw Kelly (1899) a four Act melodrama, first performed in Tasmania in September 1899 by the Henry Dramatic Company.
In addition to writing plays, they published short stories, poetry and children's fiction as well as two popular novels: The Devil's Nightcap (1912), an Australian bushranging adventure of the Frank Gardiner–Ben Hall gang, and Tools of Satan (1914), a murder mystery in an English setting, both published by the NSW Bookstall Company.
Many of their short stories and poems were published in The Queenslander. Favourite subjects were bushranging and life on the gold diggings, with many themes exploring encounters between migrants from the 'old country' and the Australian bush.
In May 1903 at the age of 58, Booth commenced on a walking tour of the north coast of New South Wales, starting at the Hunter River and ending at the Tweed River on the Queensland border and then back again. Their plan was to publish an account of their travels and although they duly completed this endeavour, the account appears to have never found its way into print.
Death and afterward
Booth died on 20 May 1913 in Balmain aged 67 and is buried in Rookwood Cemetery in Sydney. Their wife, Eliza, pre-deceased them 20 years earlier on 4 September 1893. Together, they had ten children: Mark, George, Harry, Francis, Ada, Ernest, Ruby, William, Archibald, Harold and Mary.
List of plays
Crime in the Clouds (1898)
Outlaw Kelly (1899)
List of poems
"Walter Montgomery" (1871), appears in: Wanganui Herald 17 October 1871 (p. 2)
"The Exile's Grave: A Walk in Dunedin Cemetery" (1872), appears in: The Otago Witness 10 August 1872 (p. 20)
"Make Us Some Ships, Papa!" (1881), appears in: The Queenslander 30 April 1881 (p. 553)
"Flotsam and Jetsam – To a Pair of Old Boots" (1882), appears in: The Queenslander 22 July 1882 (p. 107)
"The Post Office Clock" (1891), appears in: The Sydney Mail 19 September 1891 (p. 638)
List of short stories
"The Foundlings, or Missing Friends in Australia" (1881), appears in: The Queenslander 24 December 1881, Christmas Supplement (pp. 14–18)
"Gold Quest: A Christmas Tale of the Early Digging Days" (1885), appears in: The Queenslander 19 December 1885, Christmas Supplement (pp. 12–14)
"A Conditional Pardon" (1889), appears in: The Queenslander 21 December 1889, Christmas Supplement (pp. 7–10)
"Love's Apparitions – A True Anglo-Australian Story" (1895), appears in: Sydney Evening News 23 March 1895
"In the Bushranging Line. A Queensland Experience" (1895), appears in Evening News 15 June 1895
"A First Offender" (1897), appears in: The Australian Town and Country Journal vol.54 no.1404 2 January 1897 (p. 12)
"Two Christmas Crosses" (1901), appears in: The Australian Town and Country Journal vol.63 no.1662 14 December 1901 (pp. 59–60)
"Search for Hidden Treasure" (1902), appears in: Sunday Times 14 December 1902
"An Outlaw's Love" (1905), appears in The Sydney Mail – 4 October 1905
"Every Bullet Has Its Billet" (1905), appears in: The Sydney Mail 13 December 1905 (p. 1528)
"Jessie's Ride for Life and Love" (1908), appears in: Clarence and Richmond Examiner 2 May 1908
"Abracadabra" (1908), appears in: Sydney Morning Herald 9 July 1908
"What Happened to Andrew Crisp?" (1911), appears in: Kalgoorlie Miner 22 July 1911
List of novels
The Devil's Nightcap: The Story of the Gardiner-Hall Gang (1912), Sydney, New South Wales: N.S.W. Bookstall Company, 1912.
Tools of Satan (1914), Sydney, New South Wales: N.S.W. Bookstall Company, 1914.
List of children's fiction and poems
"Among the Fairies" (1881), appears in: The Queenslander 25 June 1881 (p. 809)
"Fables and Fairies" (1881), appears in: The Queenslander 9 July 1881 (pp. 42–43)
"Fables and Fairies" (1881), appears in: The Queenslander 30 July 1881 (p. 138)
"Fables and Fairies" (1881), appears in: The Queenslander 6 August 1881 (p. 172)
"At the Mayor's Juvenile Fancy Dress Ball" (1881), appears in: The Queenslander 16 July 1881 (p. 74)
"The Lambton Worm" (1882), appears in: The Queenslander 11 March 1882 (p. 298)
"Jack and Their Paschal Eggs" (1882), appears in: The Queenslander 8 April 1882 (p. 428)
References
1845 births
1913 deaths
Ab Bakhshan (, also Romanized as Āb Bakhshān) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 861, in 236 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Dinamo Kazan () is a Russian women's volleyball club based in Kazan. The club was founded in 2002 and plays in the super league, the top Russian league.
Previous names
Kazanochka (2002–2008)
Dinamo Kazan (2008–2019)
Dinamo-Ak Bars (2020–
History
The club was founded in September 2002 as Kazanochka and made quick progress in the lower leagues, arriving at the Super league in the 2005–06 season. On its second season at the Super league, the club reached the top four and earned a spot at the 2007–08 CEV Women's Challenge Cup.
The 2007–08 season was difficult for the club, who lost its main sponsor just before the start of the season. Faced with an uncertain future, the club just managed to fulfil its season competitions commitments with poor results, being relegated from the Super league and failing to qualify in the top 8 of the CEV Challenge Cup. With the club at the point of being dissolved, the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Republic of Tatarstan directly intervened and took over the club. As a result, the club's name was changed to Dinamo Kazan.
Dinamo Kazan returned to the Super league in 2009–10 and signed players which improved the quality of the team, among them Jordan Larson, Ekaterina Gamova, Maria Borisenko, Tatiana Kosheleva, Ekaterina Kabeshova and Vera Ulyakina. These players (apart from Jordan Larson, who is American) formed the core of the Russian national team in 2010. Success and results came soon in the following seasons, the club won the 2010 Russian Cup, its first title, and would go on to win the Super league for five consecutive seasons (from 2010–11 until 2014–15). It won a second Russian Cup in 2012 and the 2013–14 CEV Champions League held in Baku, Azerbaijan, defeating the home team Rabita Baku in the semifinals by 3–0 and the Turkish side VakıfBank İstanbul also by 3–0 in the final. The title qualified the club for the 2014 FIVB Club World Championship played in Switzerland, where the club would beat Brazilian sides SESI-SP by 3–1 in the semifinals and Molico Osasco by 3–0 in the final to claim the title.
In December 2016, the club won its third Russian Cup after beating Dinamo Moscow by 3–1 in the final. Kazan won its third straight title in 2017, beating VC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk 3–0 in the decisive game.
Honours
National competitions
Russian Super League: 6
2010–11, 2011–12, 2012–13, 2013–14, 2014–15 , 2019–20
Russian Cup: 7
2010, 2012, 2016, 2017, 2019, 2020, 2021
Russian Super Cup: 1
2020
International competitions
FIVB Volleyball Women's Club World Championship: 1
2014
CEV Champions League: 1
2013–14
CEV Cup: 1
2016–17
Team Roster
Season 2020–2021
Notable players
Marina Babeshina
Maria Borodakova
Lesya Evdokimova
Ekaterina Gamova
Olga Khrzhanovskaya
Tatiana Kosheleva
Lesya Makhno
Yevgeniya Startseva
Ekaterina Ulanova
Vera Ulyakina
Regina Moroz
Irina Zaryazhko
Anna Malova
Arina Fedorovtseva
Elitsa Vasileva
Natalya Mammadova
Antonella Del Core
Megumi Kurihara
Onuma Sittirak
Heather Bown
Tayyiba Haneef-Park
Jordan Larson
Bethania de la Cruz
Samanta Fabris
Samantha Bricio
References
External links
Official site (Russian)
Dynamo Kazan
Volleyball clubs established in 2002
2002 establishments in Russia
Sport in Kazan
Roberto Raúl Iglesias (born 25 February 1951) is an Argentine Radical Civic Union (UCR) politician, a former leader of the party and formerly a deputy and governor of Mendoza Province.
Iglesias was born in Mendoza, Argentina, and enrolled at the local campus of the National Technological University, earning a degree in construction engineering. They were elected City Councilman in 1991, and Mayor of Mendoza, in 1995. Joining an alliance between the UCR and FrePaSo, they were elected Governor of Mendoza Province in 1999. They stepped down in 2003, being elected to the Argentine Chamber of Deputies.
In December 2005, Iglesias succeeded Ángel Rozas as President of the national committee of the Radical Civic Union, effectively leader of the party. In gaining the position, they took a hard-line approach against Peronist President Néstor Kirchner, largely opposing efforts to re-align the Radicals alongside the left-wing Kirchner.
Iglesias had supported fellow UCR member, Julio Cobos, to succeed them as governor in 2003, but they subsequently fell out in a high-profile manner. Cobos became a leading supporter of President Kirchner in Radical ranks, taking a more left-wing position, and Iglesias leading the opposition to Kirchner ahead of the 2007 elections. They threatened to resign if the UCR did not deal with deputies and governors who align themselves with Kirchner.
Iglesias led negotiations to find a suitable candidate for the UCR to back in the 2007 Presidential elections. Roberto Lavagna, a former minister under Kirchner who subsequently opposed their policies, appeared to be the favoured candidate for the majority of the Party. However, Iglesias eventually resigned the presidency of the party in November 2006 due to differences with Lavagna, having reached the conclusion that an alliance with them would be a mistake, and joined the camp which maintained that the party should look for its own candidate (the so-called Radicales R).
On 1 December 2006 the UCR National Committee appointed Jujuy Province Senator Gerardo Morales as its new president. Morales stated that they wanted to follow the mandate of the Rosario convention (that is, looking for a possible alliance with Roberto Lavagna) and went on to become Lavagna's running mate in the presidential election of October 2007, coming third. Cobos meanwhile was elected Vice President as the running mate of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. Iglesias stood to be governor of Mendoza once again but came fourth with less than 10% of the vote. They left the Chamber of Deputies at the same election.
Iglesias has accepted the request of Morales to plan together the future of the UCR, including to consider an alliance with the centre-left and a way to accommodate those Radicals who have hitherto backed Kirchnerism in the Plural Consensus.
References
1951 births
Living people
Mayors of Mendoza, Argentina
Governors of Mendoza Province
Members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies elected in Mendoza
Radical Civic Union politicians
People from Mendoza, Argentina
Argentine people of Spanish descent
Argentine civil engineers
National Technological University alumni
Cham Khalaf-e Isa () may refer to:
Cham Khalaf-e Isa District
Cham Khalaf-e Isa Rural District
Enlight Quickshot is a photo editing app designed to simplify the editing process. It is made by Lightricks.
History
Enlight Quickshot was released in August 2017. It is available as a free version with in-app-purchases. Quickshot has had over 1 million downloads.
The app originally featured four AI-powered modes with auto adjustment features as well as a photo gallery with batch editing tools. The four shooting modes were: HDR, Quickshot, Photo, and Strobe.
The app's name derives from the “quickshot” mode which automatically aligned photos, fixed the lighting and previewed filters before the picture was taken.
Editing Features
Editing options are Magic which is a retouch feature and Looks that can change the picture with one click.
It was revealed influencer Tupi Saravia was using Quickshot's most well-known feature, the Sky feature to insert the same cloud formation image into their pictures. As a result of the publicity, they started working for Quickshot as a brand ambassador.
References
2017 software
Freeware
Photo software
Jesse Gilbert Campbell Jr. (born April 11, 1969) is a former American football safety in the National Football League (NFL) for the Washington Redskins, Philadelphia Eagles, and the New York Giants. They played college football at North Carolina State University and was drafted by the Eagles in the second round of the 1991 NFL Draft. They were a high school football coach for Gulfport High School in Gulfport, Mississippi.  They are now an assistant principal at New Bern High School in New Bern, North Carolina, just south of their home town.
References
1969 births
Living people
American football safeties
NC State Wolfpack football players
New York Giants players
Philadelphia Eagles players
Washington Redskins players
High school football coaches in Mississippi
People from Washington, North Carolina
Sportspeople from New Bern, North Carolina
Players of American football from North Carolina
African-American coaches of American football
African-American players of American football
Steel Pole Bath Tub was an American rock band, formed in 1986 in Bozeman, Montana, United States, by Mike Morasky (guitar/vocals) and Dale Flattum (bass/vocals).
Band history
Morasky and Flattum moved the band to Seattle, Washington, where Darren Mor-X (drums) joined the band, before they all moved to San Francisco, California.
The band became known for their chaotic, noisy style and frequent use of television and movie samples, with several 7" singles and albums on Boner Records, becoming a mainstay of the San Francisco music scene.
Before being signed to Slash Records and releasing their major label debut in 1995, their signing to Slash was part of a mid-1990s free-for-all signing bonanza of alternative rock bands, particularly bands from the Northwestern United States in the wake of the surprising commercial success Geffen Records had with Nirvana, many of which ended in creative and ownership conflicts. Steel Pole Bath Tub and Slash's relationship was no different.
The only album they ever released on Slash contained few samples, which had previously been a staple of the band, at the insistence of Slash's legal department. The band hoped their second album for Slash would be a cover of The Cars' first album in its entirety, but the label would not allow that idea, and then deemed the demos the band submitted (which contained three Cars covers) unlistenable and refused to release them.
The band would not release any more significant material until the rights to the music they recorded for Slash, reverted to them 2002. In 2002, the band released those recordings as the album Unlistenable, the title a play on a Slash executives comments on the material, and reformed to play the Beyond the Pale festival at the DNA Lounge in San Francisco in November 2002, where they co-headlined with Neurosis and Tarantula Hawk.
They reunited to play a show at the Doug Fir Lounge in Portland, Oregon on September 4, 2008, as a part of MusicFestNW. The group's song "Train to Miami", from the album The Miracle of Sound in Motion, was featured in a November 2008 television advertisement for the PC and Xbox 360 game, Left 4 Dead. Mike Morasky is also responsible for writing and performing the songs by the fictional band, Midnight Riders, in the game's sequel, Left 4 Dead 2.
Straddling the punk, noise, art and grunge scenes, SPBT was a touring staple. Between the years 1986 and 1997, SPBT shared the stage with dozens of notable bands. From veteran touring bands The Flaming Lips, Sonic Youth, Firehose and Meat Puppets to Bay Area punk bands like Neurosis, Christ on Parade, Jawbreaker, Operation Ivy and Econochrist to noise/art bands such as Melt Banana, Crash Worship, Thinking Fellers Union Local 282 and Ethyl Meatplow, amongst many others. They were also closely associated with the Seattle scene, playing often with such core grunge acts as Mudhoney, L7, Tad, and Hole, and touring Europe with Melvins, as well as performing a notable string of early tour dates with Nirvana. Steel Pole Bath Tub toured the United States incessantly and traversed Europe and Japan several times.
Side projects
The band joined with Jello Biafra to form the group Tumor Circus, releasing a self-titled album in 1991.
Milk Cult, with Morasky and Flattum (and sound man Eric Holland) using the names The Bumblebee and C.C. Nova, released four albums between 1992 and 2000. Their last album, Project M13, was the result of an invitation from the French Government to be guests of the La Friche Art Collective in Marseille.
Novex, a Dale Flattum and Darren Mor-X project, recorded with Vern and Justin at the Unwound farm, which was released as Kleptophonica (2002).
The Hand is a side project including Dale Flattum and Zak Sally of Low.
Discography
Steel Pole Bath Tub
Cassettes
1986 - Steel Pole Bath Tub (Demo, self-released)
1987 - We Own Drrrills (EP, self-released)
Albums
Butterfly Love (Boner Records, 1989)
Lurch (Boner Records, 1990)
Tulip (Boner Records, 1990)
The Miracle of Sound in Motion (Boner Records, 1993)
Your Choice Live Series 019 (Your Choice Records, 1993)
Best of Steel Pole Bath Tub (Sento, 1993)
Scars from Falling Down (Slash/London, 1995)
Unlistenable (Zero to One, 2002)
Eps and singles
"I Dreamed I Dream" - Split 7'/10" With Melvins - (Boner/Tupelo, 1989)
"Arizona Garbage Truck" / "Voodoo Chile" (Sympathy for the Recording Industry, 1990)
"European Son" / "Venus in Furs" (The Communion Label, 1991)
"We Walk" - Split 7" with Jawbreaker - (Staple Gun Records, 1991)
"Your Choice Live" - Limited 7" - (Your Choice Records, 1991)
"Bozeman" (Boner/Tupelo, 1992)
"Some Cocktail Suggestions EP" (Boner/Tupelo, 1994)
"Tragedy Ecstasy Doom and So On EP" (Genius Records, 1995)
"Auf Wiedersehen" / "Surrender" (Man's Ruin Records, 1995)
"Twist" / "Surrender" (Slash Records, 1995)
"Hey Bo Diddley Live in Tokyo" - Split 7" with Unwound - (Honey Bear Records, 1996)
"Soul Cannon" - "Live at Emo's: Volume 2 - #2: This Place Sucks" - Split 7" with "Unsane" / "Gomez" - (No Lie Records, 1997)
Compilations
"Bee Sting" - The Thing That Ate Floyd - (Lookout! Records, 1988)
"We Walk" - Surprise Your Pig - A Tribute to R.E.M. - (Staple Gun Records, 1992)
"Chemical Warfare" - Virus 100 - (Alternative Tentacles, 1992)
"Down All the Days" - The Mission District: 17 Reasons - 7" Box (Mission Merchants, 1992)
"Kung Fu Love" - Milk for Pussy - (Mad Queen Records, 1993)
"Froggie Would a Wooing Go" - Power Flush - as "Mud Bath" with Mudwimmin - (Broken Rekids, 1993)
"The Seventh Hour of the Seventh Day" - Smitten - A Love Song Compilation - (Karate Brand Records, 1994)
"A Washed Out Monkey Star Halo" - Dope-Guns-'N-Fucking In The Streets Volume Ten - (Amphetamine Reptile Records, 1994)
"The 500 Club" - CMJ New Music August - Volume 24 - (College Music Journal, 1995)
"Twist" - Introducing Vol. 2 - (Indigo, 1995)
"Twist" - London Records (London Records, 1995)
"The Charm" - Jabberjaw... Pure Sweet Hell - (Mammoth, 1996)
"The Ghost" - Twisted Willie - (Justice Records, 1996)
"A Washed Out Monkey Star Halo" - Dope-Guns-'N-Fucking In The Streets Volumes 8-11 - (Amphetamine Reptile Records, 1997)
"Soul Cannon" - Live at Emo's BOX SET - 7" Box (No Lie Music, 1997)
"I Dreamed I Dream" - Confuse Yr Idols (A Tribute To Sonic Youth) (Narnack Records, 2004)
Milk Cult
Albums
Love God (Boner Records / Tupelo Recording, 1993)
Burn or Bury (Priority Records, 1994)
Bruce Lee Marvin Gaye (ZK Records, 1994)
Project M-13 (Zero to One Records, 2000)
EPs and singles
"Mama Paranoia" - Split 7" with Dosed Bernie - (Box Dog, 1994)
Tumor Circus
Albums
Tumor Circus (Alternative Tentacles, 1991)
EPs and singles
"Take Me Back or I'll Drown Our Dog" - 7'/12" - (Alternative Tentacles, 1991)
"Meathook Up My Rectum" - 7' - (Alternative Tentacles, 1991)
Compilations
"Meathook Up My Rectum" - The Bat is Back - (Alternative Tentacles, 1669
C.C. Nova
1994 - Milk Cult C.C. Nova Dispatch (Communion)
References
External links
Steel Pole Bath Tub, official site
Your Choice Records
Steel Pole Bath Tub at TrouserPress.com
Interview w/Mike Morasky
0 to 1 records
Gig Posters
Nirvana Tour Schedule 1989
Discogs
American noise rock music groups
American hardcore punk groups
Musical groups from Montana
Boner Records artists
Martin Vidović (born 15 July 1953) is a Croatian prelate of the Catholic Church who was Apostolic Nuncio to Belarus from 2004 to 2011.
Martin Vidović was born on 15 July 1953 in Vidonje, Croatia. They were ordained a priest on 28 May 1989.
They managed Croatian-language programming for Vatican Radio from 1983 to 1994. They then entered the diplomatic service of the Holy See on 19 September 1994. Among other assignments, they were secretary of the nunciature in Bosnia-Herzegovina from 1994 to 1999.
On 15 September 2004, Pope John Paul II named them titular bishop of Nona and Apostolic Nuncio to Belarus. They received their episcopal consecration from Cardinal Angelo Sodano on 21 November at the Cathedral of St. Peter in Split.
They resigned as nuncio in 2011 after meeting with the country's political opposition as Vatican Secretary of State Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone and Pope Benedict XVI sought to negotiate with the government of Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko.
See also
List of heads of the diplomatic missions of the Holy See
References
External links
Catholic Hierarchy: Archbishop Martin Vidović
Living people
1953 births
Apostolic Nuncios to Belarus
Annie's List is a Texas-based political action committee dedicated to recruiting, training, and supporting progressive women running for state and county office. Since its founding in 2003, Annie's List has helped more than 130 progressive Texas women win races and raised more than $15 million to support endorsed candidates' campaigns. Annie's List endorses candidates for State Legislature, County positions, and State Board of Education.
In the 2018 midterm elections, Annie's List had an 84% win rate and 31 of the 37 candidates Annie's List endorsed in 2018 won their election. Of the more than 80 Democratic women who ran for the legislature in the 2018 Texas primaries, the organization trained or supported more than 60% of them.
Royce Brooks has served as Executive Director since June 2018.
External links
References
United States political action committees
Organizations based in Texas
Women in Texas politics
Progressive organizations in the United States
Parmelia may refer to:
Parmelia (barque), the vessel that in 1829 transported the first settlers of the British colony of Western Australia
Parmelia (fungus), a genus of lichens with global distribution
Parmelia, Western Australia, a suburb of Kwinana, Western Australia
Collection is an album by American guitarist Lee Ritenour released in 1991, recorded for the GRP label. Collection contains a retrospective of Ritenour's 1979-1991 work. The album reached #7 on Billboard's Contemporary Jazz chart.
Track listing
Personnel
Lee Ritenour - Guitar
Dave Grusin - Keyboards
Alan Broadbent - Piano
Ernie Watts - Saxophone
Harvey Mason - Drums
Carlos Vega - Drums
Omar Hakim - Drums
Jimmy Haslip - Bass
Jimmy Johnson - Bass
Marcus Miller - Bass
John Pattitucci - Bass
Abraham Laboriel - Bass
Eric Tagg - Vocals
Alex Acuña - Percussion
Mitch Holder - Guitar
Track information and credits adapted the album's liner notes.
Charts
References
External links
- Collection at Discogs
Lee Ritenour's Official Site
1991 albums
GRP Records albums
Lee Ritenour albums
Kanie-Stacja is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Rejowiec Fabryczny, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Heilbronner or Heilbroner is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Edgar Heilbronner (1921–2006), Swiss German chemist
Johann Christoph Heilbronner (1706–1745), German mathematical historian and theologian
Louie Heilbroner (1861–1933), manager in Major League Baseball
Robert Heilbroner (1919–2005), American economist and historian of economic thought
See also
Emanuel Bronner (1908–1997)
Weber & Heilbroner, Lower Manhattan men's clothing company of the 20th century
Heilbronner Hohenloher Haller Nahverkehr (HNV or H3NV), a regional transport cooperative
Heilbronn (disambiguation)
German-language surnames
Jewish surnames
Yiddish-language surnames
Domenico da Cortona called "Boccador" (ca 1465 – ca 1549) was an Italian architect, a pupil of Giuliano da Sangallo. they were brought to France by Charles VIII and remained in the service of François I. Their design for the royal Château de Chambord, represented in a wooden model, survived into the seventeenth century but responsibility for the design is also given to Leonardo da Vinci, who was at the royal court at Amboise at the same time, and the actual construction, during which much was improvised, was under the on-site supervision of Pierre Nepveu.
Domenico da Cortona was domiciled at Blois. They were at Amboise, responsible for design planning in festivities marking the birth of the dauphin in April 1518. They also supervised military engineering works at the châteaux of Tournai and Ardres.
Domenico is sometimes credited with designing the Église Saint-Eustache in Paris, although other architects have also been suggested. The Hôtel de Ville of Paris, destroyed during the Commune, 24 May 1871, bore an inscription ending Domenico Cortonensi architectante.
The standard monograph is P. Lesueur, Dominique de Cortone dit Boccador (Paris) 1928.
Notes
15th-century Italian architects
16th-century Italian architects
1460s births
1540s deaths
M. A. Anderson (September 15, 1893 – March 8, 1958) was an American cinematographer. They worked for the Poverty Row studio Chesterfield Pictures during the 1930s.
Partial filmography
South of Panama (1928)
Oklahoma Cyclone (1930)
Lotus Lady (1930)
Night Life in Reno (1931)
Forbidden Company (1932)
The Secrets of Wu Sin (1932)
By Appointment Only (1933)
Twin Husbands (1933)
In the Money (1933)
Dance Girl Dance (1933)
Cross Streets (1934)
The Ghost Walks (1934)
The Quitter (1934)
Sons of Steel (1934)
Symphony of Living (1935)
False Pretenses (1935)
The Dark Hour (1936)
August Weekend (1936)
Slander House (1938)
References
Bibliography
Michael R. Pitts. Poverty Row Studios, 1929–1940: An Illustrated History of 55 Independent Film Companies, with a Filmography for Each. McFarland & Company, 2005.
External links
1893 births
1958 deaths
American cinematographers
People from Chicago
The men's team of four competition for bowling at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games in the Philippines was held on 6 December 2019 at Coronado Lanes, Starmall EDSA-Shaw.
Schedule
All times are Philippine Standard Time (UTC+8).
Results
Detailed result as in below:
References
Men's team of 4
John Francis McCorkell (2 July 1918 – 29 March 1987) was an Australian rules footballer who played with the North Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League, (VFL).
Early life
McCorkell was born in Sale, Victoria to parents Francis, a police officer, and Dora. When the family moved to North Melbourne, close to the home ground of what was to become their cherished football club later in life, they made good use of the facilities available. They attended St Josephs CBC North Melbourne between 1932 and 1935 and then St Kevin's College in 1936. In 1951 they were a member of the North Old Boys football team which won the Premiership of the Combined Catholic Old Collegians Association.
The 1953 Golden Jubilee annual of St Josephs College describes them as being a, "...very popular and skillful full-back". It goes on to mention that they also played for Victoria in the States representative team. Interstate matches in Australian rules football were considered very important and a showcase for the talents of its players.
Sportsman
"On leaving school McCorkell continued their athletic pursuits and during their early life was considered an excellent runner. In 1935 while competing with the Carlton Harriers they were running faster times than men placed in divisions above his, in particular the 220-yard dash.
In January 1940 McCorkell entered the Australian Army and joined the 6th Battalion with the rank of Private. Three years later they signed for service overseas, and, as a Lance sergeant, became a member of the Australian Special Intelligence Personnel Section before finally being discharged in December 1945.
On their return from army service they resumed their playing career and for the next eight seasons was a valuable member of the North Melbourne team until breaking their leg in 1953. In 1954 they were appointed coach and took the side into the season finals but they were defeated in the first round, eventually placing third on the ladder that year. During the following year the team met stiff opposition from its opponents eventually slipping to eleventh place.
Later life
Following the disastrous 1955 season McCorkell announced their retirement from league football. They stated they were unable to provide the effort and time required to carry out the duties of coach at a successful level. This decision was due to two reasons, their study commitments, they were aiming to become an accountant, and commitments to their six children.
McCorkell continued their work in the Public Service after moving to live in Essendon. They died in March 1987 at the age of 68.
References
External links
Jock McCorkell's profile at the National Archives of Australia
1918 births
1987 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club coaches
North Melbourne Football Club players
People from Sale, Victoria
Syd Barker Medal winners
Australian Army personnel of World War II
Australian Army soldiers
Matthias Helferich (born 14 October 1988) is a German politician and since 2021 member of the Bundestag, the federal diet.
Life and politics
Helferich is born 1988 in the West German city of Dortmund and was elected to the Bundestag in 2021.
References
Living people
1988 births
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
Politicians from Dortmund
The Cross of Merit for Women and Girls (Ehrenkreuz für Frauen und Jungfrauen) was created on 22 March 1871 by Kaiser Wilhelm I, German Emperor, in their capacity as King of Prussia. The award was presented only to women, but was not a Ladies Order in the most narrow sense. Women and girls were awarded at the request of Empress Augusta, and the award was bestowed by the Kaiser.
Description of the award
The appearance and shape is very similar to the Iron Cross, but on the obverse at the junction of the arms is an emblem of the Red cross. On the reverse there is the royal crown above the intertwined monograms "A" and "W" and the date of 1870–1871. The cross was worn from suspended by a bow on the left chest. The ribbon is the same as that of the Iron Cross for Non-combatants, white with black stripes at the edge.
Recipients
26 June 1871: Princess Louis of Hesse and by Rhine
1871: Countess Hedwig von Rittberg
References
Maximilian Gritzner: Handbuch der Ritter- und Verdienstorden aller Kulturstaaten der Welt. Weber, Leipzig 1893 (Nachdruck: Reprint-Verlag Leipzig, Holzminden 2000, ).
Orders of chivalry for women
Orders of chivalry of Germany
Kingdom of Prussia
Orders, decorations, and medals of Prussia
1871 establishments in Germany
Awards established in 1871
Awards honoring women
Gini may refer to:
Gini coefficient (also the Gini index) in economics, an indicator of income equality
G.I.N.I., a predecessor organization to Post-Polio Health International
Gini (soft drink), a French brand of soft drink
A jinni, or djinni or genie, a member of the jinn supernatural beings
People
Given name
Gini Koch, American fantasy/SF writer
Gini Cruz Santos (born 1966), Filipina animator at Pixar
Gini Graham Scott (born 1942), American non-fiction author in various fields
Gini Reticker, American film director
Surname
Corrado Gini (1884–1965), Italian statistician, demographer, sociologist and developer of the Gini coefficient
Luis Gini (born 1935), Paraguayan footballer
Mahabub Ara Begum Gini (born 1961), Bangladeshi politician
Marc Gini (born 1984), Swiss alpine skier
Maria L. Gini, Italian-American scientist in AI/robotics
Gjini family, prominent Albanian family of the 16th-17th centuries
Linyuan District () is a suburban district of Kaohsiung, Taiwan. It has 70,423 inhabitants in 2016. It is the southernmost district of the city.
History
The prehistory era of the district can be traced back to the artifacts found at the Fengbitou Archaeological Site.
Ming Dynasty
The district used to be the administrative, commercial and cultural center of Xiaozhu Li during the Ming Dynasty.
Qing Dynasty
During the Qing Dynasty, Xiaozhu Li was renamed Xiaozhu Upper Li and Xiaozhu Lower Li.
Republic of China
After the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China in 1945, Linyuan was organized as a rural township of Kaohsiung County. On 25 December 2010, Kaohsiung County was merged with Kaohsiung City and Linyuan was upgraded to a district of the city.
Geography
This district is part of Kaohsiung built-up area which encompasses 10 cities (or districts) out of 18 in official Kaohsiung Metro Area.
Administrative divisions
The district consists of Beishan, Dingcuo, Fengyun, Gangpu, Gangzui, Gongcuo, Guangying, Linjia, Linnei, Linyuan, Renai, Tantou, Tunglin, Tungshan, Wanggong, Wenxian, Wufu, Xishan, Xixi, Xizhou, Zhongcuo, Zhongmen, Zhongshan and Zhongyun Village.
Tourist attractions
Cingshueiyan Scenic Area
Cingshuei Temple (清水寺), founded in 1666
Fengbitou Archaeological Site
Fongshan Reservoir
Former Dinglinzihbian Police Station
Fude Temple (福德廟), founded in 1749
Guangying Temple (廣應廟), founded in 1787
Huang Family Historical Residence
Huang Fong-an Drugstore
Linyuan Cingshueiyan Former Japanese Military Tunnel
Linyuan Ocean Wetland Park
Linyuan Old Street
Old Police Department
Shuangyuan Bridge
Sinji Temple (興濟宮), founded in 1661
Yishihyuan Herb Garden
See also
Kaohsiung
References
External links
Districts of Kaohsiung
Adyen is a Dutch payment company that allows businesses to accept e-commerce, mobile, and point-of-sale payments. It is listed on the stock exchange Euronext.
Adyen offers merchants online services for merchants to accept electronic payments using payment methods including credit cards, debit cards, wire transfers, and real-time bank transfers based on online banking. It connects merchants to different payment methods, including international credit cards, local cash-based methods, and mobile payment methods. The technology platform acts as a payment gateway and a payment service provider.
History
Adyen was founded in 2006 by Pieter van der Does and Arnout Schuijff, now the CEO and CTO respectively. Headquartered in Amsterdam, the company employs around 2,000 people in offices in twenty three countries.
The name Adyen means 'start again' in Sranan Tongo. This is a reference to this being the second project of the founders, after Bibit.
In 2012, Adyen started to expand globally, opening its offices in San Francisco, Paris, and London. In the same year, it obtained its pan-European acquiring license.
In 2015, Adyen achieved a valuation of $2.3 billion, making it the sixth largest European unicorn.
In 2016, it obtained an acquiring license in Brazil through a BIN sponsorship. In the same year, Adyen was ranked #10 on the Forbes Cloud 100 list.
In April 2017, the company was granted a European banking license, which gives it the status of an acquiring bank. It also obtained acquiring licenses in Singapore, Hong Kong, Australia, and New Zealand.
On 24 May 2018, the company announced that it would be making the company public by listing shares publicly in Amsterdam. The IPO took place on 13 June 2018.
In 2019, Adyen opened new offices in Tokyo and Mumbai, and expanded its payment offering in Africa. In the same year, it launched Adyen Issuing, a virtual and physical card-issuing business to complement payments services to merchants.
In 2020, the company benefited from an accelerated digitalization of global ecommerce in the online retail segment, which compensated the declining travel volumes in enterprises, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. It launched mobile Android POS devices worldwide in the second half of the year. In addition, it opened a new office in Dubai, expanding its offering in the Middle East.
Growth
The company has been profitable since 2011. Its earnings grew from $46 million in 2015 to $87 million in 2016. Its gross revenue grew 99 percent in 2016 to $727 million.
In December 2014, the company announced a funding round of $250 million led by growth equity firm General Atlantic, joined by existing investors Temasek Holdings, Index Ventures, and Felicis Ventures.
In 2016, the company saw transaction volume increase to $90 billion, up from $50 billion in 2015.
In 2017, Adyen surpassed €100 billion in processed volume.
On January 31, 2018 eBay announced that it had signed an agreement with Adyen to become its primary payments processing partner. eBay began intermediation on a small scale in North America starting in the second half of 2018, expanding in 2019 under the terms of the operating agreement with PayPal. In 2021, eBay transitioned a majority of its marketplace customers to Adyen.
In 2020, Adyen had a net revenue of €684 million, a 28% increase year-on-year.
In 2021, net revenue hit €1 billion.
References
Financial services companies established in 2006
Payment service providers
Companies based in Amsterdam
Companies in the Euro Stoxx 50
Companies listed on Euronext Amsterdam
Eudicella smithiiis a species of African scarab beetle in the subfamily Cetoniinae, the flower beetles, los machos presentan 1 cuerno clipeal de mayor tamaño, mayormente de color rojizo y cafe. Su alimentación en cautiverio de etapa adulta varía entre platano,mango, melón y frutas suaves.
Description
The adults of Eudicella smithii reach about of length. The males have a Y-shaped forked horn in the forehead, typical of the entire genus and used in fighting over females and in defense of territory. The color of the pronotum can be reddish, green or blue. The elytra vary from ocher to yellowish and show a black spot on the shoulders and on the rear exterior angles. The legs are mostly reddish brown. Due to similarities between Eudicella smithii and Eudicella euthalia, the two are easily confused.
Distribution
This species can be found in Democratic Republic of the Congo, Malawi, Mozambique, South Africa and Tanzania.
References
MacLeay W.S. (1838) On the Cetoniidae of South Africa. Smith A. Illustrations of the zoology of South Africa; consisting chiefly of figures and descriptions of the objects of natural history collected during an expedition into the interior of South Africa, in the years 1834, Smith, Elder & Co. London 3:3-52
Scarabs: World Scarabaeidae Database. Schoolmeesters P.
External links
Natural World
Meloida
Cetoniinae
Beetles described in 1838
Canyon Diablo Bridge is an abandoned automobile bridge in Coconino County, Arizona, United States, approximately east of Flagstaff, Arizona. The bridge carried Route 66 over Canyon Diablo. The ghost town of Two Guns, once a prosperous tourist stop, is near the east end of the bridge.
History and design
As settlers populated the area in the mid-1800s, the Two Guns location was recognized as a favorable place to cross the formidable Canyon Diablo; first by wagon, then later by vehicle. Travelers would follow paths which zig-zagged the canyon's embankments, and then cross the usually-dry riverbed.
In 1914, Canyon Padre Bridge was opened west of Two Guns. That same year, Arizona State engineer Lamar Cobb selected and surveyed the Two Guns location for the construction of a bridge across Canyon Diablo. Plans and specifications were purchased for $500 from the Topeka Bridge & Iron Co., who designed a standard Luten arch bridge with a cantilevered roadway, similar in design to the bridge across Canyon Padre.
Water occasionally flowed through Canyon Diablo, and the volatile nature of those flows was reflected in the design of the bridge's concrete parapet walls; the upstream wall was solid to protect the roadway from floodwaters, while the downstream wall was pierced with slots.
The construction contract was awarded late in 1914 to the lowest bidder for $9000, Thomas Haddock of Williams, Arizona, who used concrete and reinforcing steel supplied by the state to erect the bridge that winter. On March 17, 1915, Canyon Diablo Bridge opened.
The bridge was at first part of the National Old Trails Road (known as the Santa Fe Highway in Arizona), which in 1926 became part of U.S. Route 66. The bridge was used until a new bridge was erected just north of Canyon Diablo Bridge in 1938, after which Route 66 followed Interstate 40 at the Two Guns location.
The Canyon Diablo Bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
See also
U.S. Route 66 in Arizona
List of historic properties in Two Guns, Arizona
References
Buildings and structures in Coconino County, Arizona
Luten bridges
Arch bridges in the United States
U.S. Route 66 in Arizona
Transportation in Coconino County, Arizona
Bridges completed in 1915
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Arizona
National Register of Historic Places in Coconino County, Arizona
1915 establishments in Arizona
Concrete bridges in the United States
League of My Own II is the third studio album by British rapper Chip. It was released on 11 August 2017 by Cash Motto Limited. The album is the sequel to Chip's breakthrough mixtape League of My Own (2007) and marks its 10-year anniversary. It is Chip's first album in six years since Transition (2011) and parting ways with Sony Music. League of My Own II includes guest appearances from Giggs, Ghetts, Jme, Wiley, Donae'o, D Double E and Loick Essien, among others, as well as production from Dready, Swifta Beater and The Fanatix.
Background
After the release of their second album, Transition (2011), Chip was released from their record label and was signed to American hip hop recording artist T.I.'s Grand Hustle Records, putting out the London Boy (2012) mixtape. Upon seeing little progression, Chip began releasing music independently under their Cash Motto label, distributing numerous EPs and mixtapes such as the Believe & Achieve series (2015) and Power Up (2016), making their return to grime
The album was made available to pre-order on 29 June 2017, while the tracklist was revealed on 24 July 2017 by Chip via Instagram. Commenting on the album, Chip stated: "League of My Own really helped push my career forward even though it was a mixtape. Now 10 years later I'm here again with my first independent album via my own label Cash Motto and I couldn't be happier. League Of My Own II is my most passionate, versatile piece of work to date and I hope the people enjoy it."
Promotion
On 28 June 2017, Chip released the lead single to the album, "Gets Like That" featuring Ghetts, accompanied by its music video. The second single, "Honestly" featuring 67, was released on 11 July 2017, along with a music video uploaded to Chip's YouTube.
Numerous promotional singles and music videos were preceded by the album's release. "Snap Snap" was released on 16 July 2017 with a lyric video, followed by "34 Shots" on 26 July 2017. A music video for the grime posse cut "Scene" was released on 9 August 2017. On the album's release day, the music video for "Amazing Minds" featuring Giggs was uploaded.
Critical reception
In a positive review, Tara Joshi of The Guardian commented that the album "largely finds Chip walking the walk. The strength of their bars is evident. The album has varied production that encompasses bashment ("Snap Snap"), wavy R&B ("Hit Me Up") and even drill ("Honestly"), along with far-ranging features (Wiley, Giggs, Ghetts and more), this is as much a statement of intent as an assured retrospective of what he's already achieved."
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
2017 albums
Chipmunk (rapper) albums
The C.W. Parker Carousel Museum, also known as the Leavenworth Carousel Museum, is located in Leavenworth, Kansas and is one of several museums sponsored by the Leavenworth Historical Museum Association. Opened in 2005, the building houses carousels that are historically registered, as well as a C.W. Parker cylinder piano, an Artizan A-X-1 band organ, and a Wurlitzer 153 Band Organ. It also has several reproduced or repaired carousel horses.
Charles Wallace Parker (C. W. Parker) manufactured the first Carry-Us-All amusement ride in 1898. This invention was such a success that their quickly growing company in Abilene was moved to Leavenworth, Kansas.
The Carousel Museum is a non-profit organization that operates through community donations and volunteer efforts.
Features
The carousels housed within the walls of this building are the 1913 Carousel, The Liberty Carousel, and the primitive carousel.
1913 Carousel - The main attraction of the C.W Parker Museum is this 1913 Carry-Us-All. The building is named after the original builder of the carousel, C.W Parker. This particular carousel is the 118th production of this amusement ride. This carousel is fully operational and contains 31 unique, hand-carved wooden features, including two bunnies, four ponies, one sleigh ride and one lovers nest tea cup. When obtained by the museum, the carousel and its features spent thousands of hours in restoration before they could meet safety requirements. The ride is available to visitors of all ages. The 1913 carry-us-all moves much faster than modern day carousels.
The Liberty Carousel - The Liberty carousel was built in the 1950s by Paul Parker, son of C.W Parker. This carousel holds 20 aluminum horses and two benches, with a maximum capacity of 24. Although this carousel is smaller in size than the 1913 carry-us-all, it is unique because it is made of aluminum and has wheels, making it portable. This carousel sits in a separate room of the museum.
The Primitive Carousel - The exact production date of this carousel is unknown, but has been dated to around 1850 to 1860. The builder is also unknown. When in operation, this carousel would have been manually turned by two men. The horses on this carousel are made from several pieces of wood, but are much less ornate than the 1913 carousel. If asked, the museum volunteers will demonstrate the operation of this carousel, however it is too old to be used. This carousel has 12 paired horses and two benches, which are all suspended from the top frame.
C.W. Parker Cylinder Piano - Built in around 1900, this piano is hand cranked and plays ten different tunes. Upon first glance this piano appears to be a small upright piano.
Artizan Style X-A-1 Band Organ - This type of organ was typically used alongside carousel rides at amusement parks. Today, this particular organ provides music during operation of the 1913 carousel.
Background
The C.W Parker Carousel Museum is sponsored by the Leavenworth Historical Museum Association, and is listed as "One of the Eight Wonders of Kansas" (First City Museums). The building is located on the eastern side of downtown Leavenworth, Kansas. Just to the east sits the Missouri River. The historical pieces housed within this building have all been donated, are on loan, or have been paid for through memorial funds or donated funds. Each piece required a significant amount of restoration.
Restoration
Each wooden carousel horse that is attached to the operational carousel required several hours of restoration labor. Upon arrival to the museum, many of these artifacts dated close to 100 years old, and had an original life expectancy of around five years. Due to wood rot, many of the horses had to be completely re-carved by hand. The process of re-carving utilized the same primitive tools that would have been used in the original making. It is estimated that thousands of hours of labor were volunteered to complete the projects. To keep with historical building styles, each horse contains wooden dowels instead of nails (Reinhardt,2014).
References
Connelley, William E. A Standard History of Kansas and Kansans. Chicago : Lewis, 1918. 5v. Biographies can be accessed from this page: Kansas and Kansans Biographies. AccessGenealogy.com. Web. 14 September 2014.
http://www.accessgenealogy.com/kansas/biography-of-charles-w-parker.htm - Last updated on Dec 29th, 2011
"First City Museums." First City Museums. Leavenworth Historical Society. Web. 14 Sept. 2014. <http://www.firstcitymuseums.org/carousel_main.html>."
Dawson, Reinhardt. Personal interview.
External links
Leavenworth Historical Museum Association
C W Parker Carousel Museum
Museums in Leavenworth County, Kansas
2005 establishments in Kansas
Carousels
Buildings and structures in Leavenworth, Kansas
Amusement museums in the United States
Neill Cameron is a British cartoonist.
Biography
Cameron started out in British small press comics, most notably drawing Bulldog Empire, which also appeared in the small press section of Judge Dredd Megazine and was reprinted in the first volume of ILYA's Mammoth Book of Best New Manga. They provided the art for the Classical Comics's award-winning adaptation of Henry V.
Cameron works predominantly in British weekly children's comics, creating Mo-Bot High for The DFC, and their work has appeared regularly in The Phoenix since 2011.
Their first webcomic, 2020x365 is created in 2020.
Bibliography
Comics
Dumbass Comics (collected in Absolute Dumbass)
Bulldog Empire (written by Jason Cobley, reprinted in Mammoth Book of Best New Manga Vol. 1, )
Beautiful Things (with Sean Michael Wilson, Boychild productions, June 2005, ):
"The Unveiling"
"Homecoming"
Henry V (written by John McDonald, with inks by Bambos, 144 pages, November 2007, , , )
"Japan Manga diary" (in NEO magazine)
Mo-Bot High in The DFC
Titles published in The Phoenix:
How to Make Awesome Comics (2014, David Fickling Books, )
The Pirates of Pangaea (Written by Daniel Hartwell, 2015, David Fickling Books, )
Mega Robo Bros
Mega Robo Bros (2016, David Fickling Books, )
Mega Robo Rumble (2017, David Fickling Books, )
Mega Robo Revenge (2019, David Fickling Books, )
Tamsin Series (Illustrated by Kate Brown)
Tamsin and the Deep (2016, David Fickling Books, )
Tamsin and the Dark (2018, David Fickling Books, )
Tamsin and the Days
Illustration
"Political Creatures" (promotional art, by Rich Johnston)
"Crash Course" (with ILYA, Flash game for the BBC)
Awards
2008: Won the Silver Medal "Graphic Novel/Drawn Book – Drama/Documentary" Independent Publisher Book Award, for Henry V.
2016: Nominated for Young People's Comic Award at the 2016 British Comic Awards for Tamsin and the Deep and Mega Robo Bros.
2017: Winner of the Excelsior Award Jr Mega Robo Bros and shortlisted for Tamsin and the Deep.
Notes
References
2000 AD profile
External links
Bulldog Empire
Thump Culture, webcomic
Twitter
Living people
British comics artists
British comics writers
1977 births
Queensland, an Australian state, has produced cricketers that have represented Australia in all forms of the game—Tests, One Day Internationals (ODIs) and Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is). John McLaren became the first Queenslander to play for Australia when they were selected for the 5th Test of the 1911–12 Ashes series. In 1946 Bill Brown became the first, and only, Queenslander to captain Australia in Tests when they led the side against New Zealand in Wellington. Ian Healy is the only other Queenslander to have held the Australian captaincy, they led the side in 8 ODIs from 1996 to 1997.
Matthew Hayden has scored more runs in Tests and ODIs than any other Queenslander. With 8,625 runs, they are the fourth highest overall scorer for Australia in Tests. Craig McDermott holds the record for most wickets by a Queenslander in Tests and ODIs. The only other Queenslander to have taken over 150 Test wickets is Mitchell Johnson.
Key
Apps denotes the number of appearances the player has made.
Run denotes the number of runs scored by the player.
Wkts denotes the number of wickets taken by the player.
Statistics correct as of: 2011 Cricket World Cup
References
Queensland,international
Nicholas Ware (1776–1824) was a U.S. Senator from Georgia from 1821 to 1824. Senator Ware may also refer to:
James Britton Ware (1830–1918), Georgia State Senate
James Franklin Ware (1849–1934), Wisconsin State Senate
John H. Ware III (1908–1997), Pennsylvania State Senate
Tim Holmes may refer to:
Tim Holmes (artist), American artist and sculptor
Tim Holmes (actor), American actor and musician
See also
Timothy Holmes, English surgeon
TJ Holmes (athlete) (Timothy Lamont Holmes), American hurdler
Liberty Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 1,766 people in the township.
Geography
Located in the southern part of the county, it borders the following townships:
Plain Township - north
Center Township - northeast corner
Portage Township - east
Bloom Township - southeast corner
Henry Township - south
Jackson Township - southwest corner
Milton Township - west
Weston Township - northwest corner
Part of the village of Portage is located in northeastern Liberty Township, and the unincorporated community of Rudolph lies in the township's east.
Name and history
Liberty Township was established in 1835. It is one of twenty-five Liberty Townships statewide.
Government
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees is filled by the remaining trustees.
References
External links
County website
Townships in Wood County, Ohio
Townships in Ohio
Celeste Pin (born 25 April 1961 in Colle Umberto) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a defender.
References
External links
Profile at Lega-Calcio.it
1961 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
Association football defenders
Serie A players
Serie B players
A.C. Perugia Calcio players
ACF Fiorentina players
Hellas Verona F.C. players
A.C.N. Siena 1904 players
Cecil Edward Chesterton (12 November 1879 – 6 December 1918) was an English journalist and political commentator, known particularly for their role as editor of The New Witness from 1912 to 1916, and in relation to its coverage of the Marconi scandal.
Life
They were the younger brother of G. K. Chesterton and second cousin of A. K. Chesterton, and a close associate of Hilaire Belloc. While the ideas of distributism came from all three, and Arthur Penty, they were the most ideological and combative by temperament. Their death, according to their widow, removed the theorist of the movement.
They were born in Kensington, London, and educated at St Paul's School, then worked for a small publisher for a time. They then qualified as surveyor and estate agent, with a view to entering their father's business, which is still flourishing today. In 1901 they joined the Fabian Society, with which they were closely involved for about six years. From 1907 they wrote for A. R. Orage's The New Age. In 1908 they published an anonymous biography of their better-known brother, G. K. Chesterton, a Criticism, but their authorship was quickly discovered.
Chesterton had been one of the 'Anti-Puritan League' of the 1890s, with Stewart Headlam (who stood bail for Oscar Wilde), Edgar Jepson and their brother; and then a member of Henry Holland's Christian Social Union. While Chesterton was writing from a socialist point of view for Orage, they were also moving to an Anglo-Catholic religious stance. In 1911 they started editorial work for Belloc, with whom they wrote in The Party System, a criticism of party politics. In 1912 they formally became a Roman Catholic.
That same year they bought Belloc's failing weekly Eye-Witness; Charles Granville who published it had been made bankrupt. They renamed it The New Witness, editing it for four years before enlisting in the army, and turning it into a scandal sheet. Their persistent attacks on prominent political figures involved in the Marconi scandal (such as Lloyd George), and their public defence of their position in terms of a 'Jewish problem', have left them with a reputation as an anti-Semite. They were successfully brought to court by Godfrey Isaacs, one of those attacked, although the damages awarded were nominal. A government investigation revealed that high government officials had engaged in insider trading in the stock of Marconi's American subsidiary, but the quantity of stocks they were known to have purchased was relatively small.
On 7 January 1914 Chesterton acted for the defence in the mock-trial of John Jasper for the murder of Edwin Drood in Covent Garden. G.K. Chesterton was Judge and Cecil's future wife played Princess Puffer. George Bernard Shaw was supervisor of the jury.
In 1916 they married journalist Ada Elizabeth Jones, later known as a writer, after a long courtship. They joined the Highland Light Infantry as a private soldier. Their brother Gilbert took over the paper, with Ada as Secretary and Business Manager. Eventually in 1925 Gilbert, with great reluctance, allowed it to be renamed G. K.'s Weekly because their name was very well-known and likely to attract interest.
They were three times wounded fighting in France, and died there in a hospital of nephritis on 6 December 1918. Their wife Ada had rushed to their bedside and they arrived just before they died. They were their only relative at their funeral, when they were buried at the Terlincthun British Cemetery, Wimille. Although sick, they had refused to leave their post until the Armistice. On 13 December, G. K. Chesterton would report their death in the New Witness, noting that "He lived long enough to march to the victory which was for them a supreme vision of liberty and the light."
Works
Gladstonian Ghosts. London: S.C. Brown Langham & Co., 1905.
G.K. Chesterton: a Criticism. London: Alston Rivers, 1908.
The People's Drink. London: The New Age Press, 1909.
Party and People: A Criticism of the Recent Elections and Their Consequences. London: Alston Rivers, Limited, 1910.
The Party System, with Hilaire Belloc. London: Stephen Swift, 1911.
Nell Gwyn. London: T.N. Foulis, 1912 (1st Pub. 1911).
The Prussian hath said in their Heart. London: Chapman and Hall, 1914.
Debate between George Sylvester Viereck and Cecil Chesterton. New York: The Fatherland Corporation, 1915.
The Perils of Peace. London: T.W. Laurie, Ltd., 1916.
A History of the United States. London: J.M. Dent & Sons, 1919.
Articles
"Democracy and the Great State." In: Socialism and the Great State. New York and London: Harper & Brother Publishers, 1912.
"The Barbarians." In: Alfred Bingham (ed.), Handbook of the European War. New York: H. W. Wilson Company, 1914.
"The Art of Controversy: Macaulay, Huxley and Newman," The Catholic World, Vol. CV, April/September 1917.
Other
Hubert Bland, Essays, with an Introduction by Cecil Chesterton. London: Max Goschen, Ltd., 1914.
References
Chesterton, Ada Elizabeth (1941). The Chestertons. London: Chapman & Hall.
Pearce, Joseph (1996). Wisdom and Innocence: A Life of G. K. Chesterton. London: Hodder & Stoughton.
Sewell, Brocard (1975). Cecil Chesterton. Faversham: Saint Albert's Press.
Squire, John C. (1920). "Cecil Chesterton." In: Books in General, Third series. London: Hodder & Stoughton, pp. 119–121.
Notes
External links
Works by Cecil Chesterton at Hathi Trust
American Cecil Chesterton Society
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Anglicanism
English male journalists
English Roman Catholics
People educated at St Paul's School, London
People from Kensington
Roman Catholic writers
British Army personnel of World War I
Highland Light Infantry soldiers
1879 births
1918 deaths
Deaths from nephritis
Anglo-Catholic socialists
English Christian socialists
Members of the Fabian Society
Distributism
Love, Life and Laughter may refer to:
Love, Life and Laughter (1923 film), a British drama
Love, Life and Laughter (1934 film), a British comedy drama
On afternoon 31 December 2018, a landslide struck a settlement in the village of Sirnaresmi in Sukabumi Regency, Indonesia, striking 30 houses and killing at least 18 people. The settlement, populated by around 100 people, was located in a landslide-prone area.
Location
The impacted areas were in Cigareohong kampung, Cimapag hamlet, Sirnaresmi village, Cisolok subdistrict, Sukabumi Regency, West Java. The settlement is located within the Mount Halimun Salak National Park, at the foot of a steep hill. Cisolok routinely experiences landslides, with one official remarking that landslides occurred there "every year since 2010". The already loose soil of the area was made more vulnerable by agricultural terracing and lack of strong vegetation roots.
Sirnaresmi, which is listed as a "cultural village", has settlements spread across altitudes ranging from 300 to 600 meters above sea level with hilly terrain and high inclination. The impacted area was populated by 107 people, living in 32 households.
Landslide
Shortly before sunset on 31 December, around 5:30 p.m. local time, the landslide struck and buried 30 houses out of 32. Eyewitness accounts noted that at the time of the landslide, there was no rain, and some reported hearing a loud booming noise.
Following the main landslide, four smaller afterslides were recorded.
Casualties
By 10 a.m. the following day, on New Years' Day, 5 dead bodies had been recovered, 3 had been confirmed injured, while 61 residents had been confirmed safe. By 3 January, 18 dead had been recovered with 15 missing. Some of the bodies were found buried under four meters of mud, with four additional survivors being found under the mud although one, an infant, died at hospital.
Response
Indonesian National Board for Disaster Management (BNPB) spokesperson Sutopo Purwo Nugroho noted that early search and rescue operations used manual equipment - with the hundreds of rescuers, locals, police, soldiers and volunteers, using their hands, shovels and hoes - due to poor road access to the affected areas, further strained by disaster tourists. Sutopo also said that across the country, 40.9 million people live in landslide-prone areas. A local military district commander gave a figure of 1,066 people involved in the evacuation. Evacuation procedures was briefly halted on 1 January due to inconsistent weather which was deemed too risky for SAR operations.
The Social Ministry provided Rp 15 million (around USD 1000) in aid for the families of all the fatalities. West Java governor Ridwan Kamil proposed to adopt two children orphaned by the landslide. Head of BNPB Willem Rampangilei - which was set to retire on 2 January - was requested by President Joko Widodo to visit the site, and their replacement's swearing in was delayed. The Indonesian government agreed to finance relocation of the affected victims to a less dangerous area.
References
2018 disasters in Indonesia
Landslides in 2018
Sukabumi Regency
Vinicka may refer to:
Vinicka, Berane Municipality, Montenegro
Vinicka (Prijepolje), Serbia
Antaeotricha quiescens is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is 23–24 mm. The forewings are white, tinged with grey anteriorly and with the dorsal half rather dark greyish-fuscous throughout, this colour in the median area occupying rather more than half, the wider portion terminated by two cloudy darker dots on the end of the cell. The hindwings are grey, paler or whitish towards base.
References
Moths described in 1916
quiescens
Moths of South America
Nicholas County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2010 census, the population was 7,135. Its county seat is Carlisle, which is also the only incorporated community in the county. Founded in 1799, the county is named for Col. George Nicholas, the "Father of the Kentucky Constitution".
History
Nicholas County was established in 1799 from land given by Bourbon and Mason counties. Nicholas was the 42nd Kentucky county in order of formation.
The general region is noted for its scenic beauty, history, horse farms and hospitality. Nicholas County has a picturesque, rural character. Its rolling countryside is typical of the Bluegrass belt where winding roads lead past manicured farms, through wooded glades and small villages.
Nicholas County is home to Forest Retreat, listed on the National Historic register as a historic district, built in 1814 by Thomas Metcalf the 10th Governor of Kentucky. The 1954 Kentucky Derby Winner “Determine” was bred and born in Nicholas County on the Forest Retreat Farm.
Daniel Boone's last Kentucky home place is also located in Nicholas County, the Historic marker is located on US HWY 68 just past the traffic islands heading north. Built by Boone in 1795, Boone and their family resided in the one-room cabin until 1799.
Blue Licks Battlefield State Resort Park is a park located near Mount Olivet, Kentucky in Robertson and Nicholas counties. The park encompasses and features a monument commemorating the August 19, 1782 Battle of Blue Licks. The battle was regarded as the final battle of the American Revolutionary War.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.8%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Robertson County (north)
Fleming County (northeast)
Bath County (southeast)
Bourbon County (southwest)
Harrison County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2010, there were 7,135 people, 2,809 households, and 1,956 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 3,261 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.9% White, 0.6% Black or African American, 0.1% Native American, 0.2% Asian, 0.5% from other races, and 0.7% from two or more races. 1.4% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,809 households, out of which 29.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.60% were married couples living together, 11.10% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.40% were non-families. 25.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.97.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.40% under the age of 19, 4.8% from 20 to 24, 25.50% from 25 to 44, 27.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40.5 years. For every 100 females there were 93.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $40,259, and the median income for a family was $43,410. The per capita income for the county was $18,452. About 9.70% of families and 13.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.20% of those under age 18 and 16.80% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Communities
Carlisle (county seat)
East Union
Headquarters
Hooktown
Moorefield
Myers
Notable residents
Barton Stone Alexander, born in Nicholas County, brigadier general in the American Civil War, designer of Fort McPherson
Daniel Boone, moved to Nicholas County in 1795 after living in the Kanawha Valley, Virginia. Circa 1798, Boone moved to the mouth of the Little Sandy River at the site of present-day Greenup, Kentucky. Boone left Kentucky with their extended family for Missouri in 1799. While in Nicholas County, Boone lived on the Brushy Fork of Hinkston Creek in a cabin owned by their son Daniel Morgan Boone.
Thomas Metcalfe (March 20, 1780 – August 18, 1855), also known as Thomas Metcalf or as "Stonehammer", was a U.S. Representative, Senator, and the tenth Governor of Kentucky. They were the first gubernatorial candidate in the state's history to be chosen by a nominating convention rather than a caucus. They were also the first governor of Kentucky who was not a member of the Democratic-Republican Party, Metcalfe's primary concern as governor was the issue of internal improvements. Among their proposed projects were a road connecting Shelbyville to Louisville and a canal on the Falls of the Ohio. When President Andrew Jackson vetoed funds to construct a turnpike connecting Maysville and Lexington, Metcalfe built it anyway, paying for it entirely with state funds. Following their term as governor, they served in the state senate, and completed the unfinished term of John J. Crittenden in the U.S. Senate in 1848. After this, they retired to "Forest Retreat", their estate in Nicholas County, where they died of cholera in 1855. Metcalfe County, Kentucky was named in their honor.
Author Barbara Kingsolver was raised in Carlisle, Nicholas County.
Joseph Drake was born in Nicholas County. Drake was a lawyer, plantation owner, and Colonel in the Confederate States Army during the Civil War.
David Rice Atchison (1807-1886) lived for a brief period in Nicholas County and holds the distinction of (possibly) being President of the United States for one day. Zachary Taylor was supposed to be inaugurated on March 4, 1849, but refused to hold the inauguration on a Sunday. Vice President Millard Fillmore was also unable to be inaugurated on that day, so according to the rules of succession at that time, the President pro tempore of the U.S. Senate (the position held by Atchison) became the president. Although they were never sworn in - a requirement for serving as president - Atchison's grave marker bears the inscription, "President of the United States for One Day."
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Nicholas County, Kentucky
References
External links
Visit Carlisle & Nicholas County, KY
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
1799 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1799
Windham High Peak is a mountain located in Greene County, New York.
The mountain is part of the Catskill Mountains.
Windham High Peak stands within the watershed of the Hudson River, which drains into New York Bay.
The south and northwest sides of Windham drain into Batavia Kill, and thence into Schoharie Creek, the Mohawk River, and the Hudson River.
The northeast side of Windham drains into Bowery Creek, thence into Catskill Creek, and the Hudson River.
Windham High Peak is within New York's Catskill Park.
The Long Path, a long-distance hiking trail from New York City to Albany, is contiguous with the Escarpment Trail.
See also
List of mountains in New York
Catskill High Peaks
Catskill Mountain 3500 Club
References
External links
Windham High Peak Hiking Info Catskill 3500 Club
Mountains of Greene County, New York
Catskill High Peaks
Mountains of New York (state)
As of June 2018, 12 confirmed impact craters have been found in Finland. They are listed below, sorted by original diameter.
Note 1: The "original" crater dimensions are coarse estimates. Original depths were calculated using the given original diameter using the Impact: Earth! program.
Note 2: "Current solid surface" topography is calculated from the deepest floor (regardless whether it is underwater or on dry land) to the highest rim crest; other depth values give the depth of the floor in relation to the original terrain, thus excluding the rim and/or central uplift.
Note 3: Evidence for impact origin for a given structure is often provided in several publications. The year column includes some publications where some evidence of impact origin was provided even though an impact was not necessarily suggested by the authors; somewhere an impact was suggested even though the proof wasn't conclusive; and somewhere definite proof was provided.
General note 1: Crater sizes and shapes vary according to local differences. For example, depending on where you measure the crater diameter the result may vary (craters are seldom perfect circles). This is affected by, e.g., impact angle (low < 5-10 degree impact angles cause more elliptical craters) and local zones of weakness (may cause the crater to become polygonal).
General note 2: On Earth the (theoretical) transition diameter between simple and complex craters is 2 – 4 km. Such small craters may be either end member or some intermediate form, and thus the given dimension estimates may be off. The depth may be off by ~50 %.
References
Suomen kraatterit, Finnish impact craters, https://kraatterit.wordpress.com/2015/09/01/perustietoa-montako-kraatteria-suomesta-loytyy/
Rakołupy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Chełm and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
List of migrant and refugee rescue ships operating in the Mediterranean Sea names selected ships run by NGOs due to the migration across the Mediterranean Sea. They were variously chartered, donated, or bought specifically for this purpose.
List
This sortable table is by default listed in order of the vessels' names:
Further related facilities
Since 2017, Sea-Watch have operated a SAR-coordinating reconnaissance aircraft, Moonbird, a single-engined Cirrus SR22, and since June 2020, also the Seabird, a twin-engined high-performance Beechcraft Baron 58. These are flown in cooperation with the Swiss NGO Humanitarian Pilots Initiative.
In December 2020, Association Pilotes Volontaires began operation of their Dyn'Aéro MCR4S reconnaissance aircraft named Colibri 2. Their original Colibri, of the same make, flew its first mission in May 2018. As of June 2019, they had logged 52 missions, sighting 54 boats and by their estimates saving more than 4,300 people.
Further related organisations
For a period, the Search and Rescue Observatory for the Mediterranean (SAROBMED), based at Queen Mary University of London, monitored SAR operations in the region. SAROBMED in turn listed a number of other organisations, including (in addition to those mentioned above):
Alarm Phone
Borderline Europe
Equal Rights
The AIRE Centre
In conjunction with Alarm Phone, Watch the Mediterranean Sea monitors deaths and violations of migrants' rights at the maritime borders of the EU via an online mapping platform.
The German-based international movement Seebrücke has campaigned since 2018 for the humanitarian rights for people to migrate.
Organisations with future plans
As of May 2021, the Italian group 'RESQ (people saving people)' had been working on plans to fund and start operating a further rescue ship. In July 2021 they announced their acquisition of the Alan Kurdi, which was renamed ResQ PEOPLE; they began preparing the ship for new rescue operations. RESQ PEOPLE sailed from Borriana on 7 August 2021 to start rescue missions in the central Mediterranean.
See also
Environmental migrant
European migration crisis
List of migrant vessel incidents on the Mediterranean Sea
National and international operations
Operation Mare Nostrum
Operation Triton
Operation Themis
Operation Sophia
References
Refugee rescue
Mediterranean refugee rescue ships
Mediterranean refugee rescue
The Vital Message was written by Arthur Conan Doyle. It was first published in Britain in 1919 by Hodder & Stoughton.
External links
Books by Arthur Conan Doyle
1919 books
Park Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Boonville in Oneida County, east of Boonville.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
SecureDrop is a free software platform for secure communication between journalists and sources (whistleblowers). It was originally designed and developed by Aaron Swartz and Kevin Poulsen under the name DeadDrop. James Dolan also co-created the software.
History
After Aaron Swartz's death, the first instance of the platform was launched under the name Strongbox by staff at The New Yorker on 15 May 2013. The Freedom of the Press Foundation took over development of DeadDrop under the name SecureDrop, and has since assisted with its installation at several news organizations, including ProPublica, The Guardian, The Intercept, and The Washington Post.
Security
SecureDrop uses the anonymity network Tor to facilitate communication between whistleblowers, journalists, and news organizations. SecureDrop sites are therefore only accessible as onion services in the Tor network. After a user visits a SecureDrop website, they are given a randomly generated code name. This code name is used to send information to a particular author or editor via uploading. Investigative journalists can contact the whistleblower via SecureDrop messaging. Therefore, the whistleblower must take note of their random code name.
The system utilizes private, segregated servers that are in the possession of the news organization. Journalists use two USB flash drives and two personal computers to access SecureDrop data. The first personal computer accesses SecureDrop via the Tor network, and the journalist uses the first flash drive to download encrypted data from the secure drop server. The second personal computer does not connect to the Internet, and is wiped during each reboot. The second flash drive contains a decryption code. The first and second flash drives are inserted into the second personal computer, and the material becomes available to the journalist. The personal computer is shut down after each use.
Freedom of the Press Foundation has stated it will have the SecureDrop code and security environment audited by an independent third party before every major version release and then publish the results. The first audit was conducted by University of Washington security researchers and Bruce Schneier. The second audit was conducted by Cure53, a German security firm.
SecureDrop suggests sources disabling JavaScript to protect anonymity.
Prominent organizations using SecureDrop
The Freedom of the Press Foundation now maintains an official directory of SecureDrop instances. This is a partial list of instances at prominent news organizations.
Awards
2016: Free Software Foundation, Free Software Award, Award for Projects of Social Benefit
See also
GlobaLeaks
WikiLeaks
References
External links
SecureDrop at Freedom of the Press Foundation
Sources (journalism)
Free content management systems
Free software
2013 software
Whistleblowing
Tor onion services
Software using the GNU AGPL license
Jaipur School is a K-12 private school in Jaipur, Rajasthan, India, which was registered in 1980 in Rajasthan, India. The school provides secular education as per the curriculum of the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), and provides spiritual education under the auspices of organizations such as the International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON), Ramakrishna Mission and Chinmaya Mission.
The school is headed by Major N.K. Sharma (retired) as the director.
History
Founded in 1979 by the Jaipur School Association, a non-profit group to promote education among all classes of people in English, Hindi and other languages.
The founder is Major N.K. Sharma (retired), alumnus of India's elite military school Rashtriya Indian Military College and India's foremost military colleges, National Defence Academy and Indian Military Academy.
"Jaipur School" is a co-ed English medium school, from class creche to
12 . It is affiliated with the CBSE. It continues to have
permanent recognition from the Department of Education, Government
of Rajasthan.
The school has produced merit rankers of the State Board exams and
merit scholars of the CBSE. Students have gone on to join the Harvard
University, the University of Chicago, the Cardiff University, the
Indian Institutes of Technology, the National Defence Academy, the
AIIMS, and other engineering, medical, chartered accountants, liberal
arts and business management programs
Description
The campus is spread over of land allotted by the Jaipur Development Authority at a subsidized rate. The school has facilities for sports including gymnastics, volleyball, baseball, judo-karate, athletics and for extra-curricular activities including drama, dance, elocution, creative writing and science exhibitions. Learning English is compulsory for students.
Location
Sector 6, Vidya Dhar Nagar, Jaipur, Rajasthan.
References
Directory of affiliated schools of C.B.S.E. (Central Board of Secondary Education), 2007.
List of recognized schools (2007), Department of Education, Government of Rajasthan, India
External links
Department of Education, Government of Rajasthan
Jaipur Development Authority
List of C.B.S.E. affiliated schools
Educational institutions established in 1979
Schools in Jaipur
1979 establishments in Rajasthan
Hardwell On Air (abbreviated HOA) is the name of a weekly radio show created and hosted by Dutch DJ and record producer Hardwell. Since 4 March 2011, the program has been broadcast live on Fridays from 11:00 p.m. to 00:00 via Hardwell's official YouTube and Facebook profile. A number of Internet and FM radio stations broadcast the podcast in their program as well. During the show, they present new productions in a one-hour set. According to their own statement the tracks embody the genres electro-, progressive- and tech-house. Since quite some time, the episodes are finished with a hardstyle track and even during the set there are several deviations from the genres. All episodes are offered as free download on iTunes in the category "Podcasts".
The last 500th episode was broadcast on 15 January 2021. Its follow up was a new show called Revealed Selected, hosted by Adam K of Tomorrowland's One World Radio.
Concept
The sets have a length of one hour and are initiated with a vocal short. This consists of a distorted voice, which introduces each episode with the same word sequence: "Are we on Air? Welcome to the soundtrack of your nightlife. One hour of the present and future. Tune in, to Hardwell on air". The soundtrack of the intro consists of the song "Encoded" by Hardwell himself, released in the year 2011. A follow-up statement from Hardwell can be heard. Usually follows this one or more smoother songs. The following categories are processed in each episode:
Hardwell Exclusive: One or more songs that will be released on "Revealed Recordings" and / or were produced by Hardwell himself.
Track of the Week: A newly released song, which convinces by high quality and / or other factors.
Demo of the Week: A demotrack that was sent to Hardwell or the label.
Demo of the Week was then replaced with three Community Picks which are tracks sent to the label and then released under the sub-label Revealed Radar.
After the different categories have been dealt with, the music style is mostly changed to hardstyle or future-bass, whereupon the episode experiences a back-announcement by Hardwell. For many songs, a shout or tag is added, which refers to the podcast, to protect the song from being used before the release is done. Regarding this, in early 2017 a video came to the Internet, which shows Korean comedian and DJ G-Park and DJ Charles playing Jewelz & Sparks's "Grande Opera". During the break Hardwell can be heard presenting the track as well as the "Hardwell On Air tag" just before the drop starts. This indicated that the duo recorded the track from the podcast and did not get it legally. As a running gag, the duo played the track in combination with the "Hardwell On Air tag" since then.
On June 14, 2017 Jewelz & Sparks playing their track "Grande Opera" with Hardwell On Air sample again in Ultra Music Festival Korea, also posted in Facebook.
Channels
Radio FG Belgique, Antwerp, Belgium
Rádio Energia 97 FM, São Paulo, Brazil
Alpha Radio, Warna, Bulgaria
ICRT, Taipei, Taiwan
Kick FM, Gelsenkirchen, Germany
sunshine live, Mannheim, Germany
DJ FM, Toronto, Canada
Dix FM, Bogotá, Colombia
Slam!FM, Hilversum, Netherlands
Radio 538, Hilversum, Netherlands
Dolfijn FM, Willemstad, Aruba
UP FM, Manukau City, New Zealand
Mega Hits, Lisbon, Portugal
Радио Рекорд, St. Petersburg, Russia
Radio Ambrosio, Lineares, Chile
Radio One Mallorca, Palma de Mallorca, Spain
Kiss 91.75 FM, Pattaya, Thailand
Mix FM, Beirut, Lebanon
Indigo 91.9 FM, Bangalore, India
Alfa Radio 104.1, Guayaquil, Ecuador
Hitz FM, Malaysia
Reef FM, Tenerife
BPM Channel 51, Sirius XM
1Mix online radio, Isle of Man
106.1 Geronimo, Indonesia
CRI Hit FM, China (Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou)
Radio La Marka 90.9 FM, Nicaragua
Freakhouse on Air, South Korea
Fame 95 FM (InDaHouse Radio), Jamaica
More 94FM (InDaHouse Radio), Bahamas
Radio1 FM88, Rhodes, Greece
Hit Radio Network, Morocco/central Africa
MB Music Radio, Constanța, Romania
101.5 Volgograd FM, Oblast, Volgograd, Russia
105.7 Metro, Queensland, Australia
Radio WOW (Superstar DJ Show), Friuli Venezia Giulia, Italy
Rouge FM (Rouge Platine), Lausanne, Switzerland
90.3 Delta FM, Buenos Aires
Kiss FM Australia
Radio NRJ , France/Finland/Germany/Austria/Cyprus
TopRadio, Flemish Belgium
Europa FM, Spain, Canary Islands, & Ibiza
EnterZagreb.HR, Croatia
Capital Radio 93.8, Cyprus
Future Groove Online Radio, Tokyo
Deejay FM, Tegucigalpa, Honduras
Beat 100.9, Mexico City
104.3 Kick FM, Puebla, Mexico
Kiss FM Ukraine
88 FM City Radio, Tirana, Albania
RadioEX Online Radio, Kiev, Ukraine
Radio Delirio, Tacuarembo, Uruguay
Radio Electro Vibe (Online), Oscasco, Brazil
Big Radio 3, Bosnia
Freeminded Online Radio, Amsterdam
DDM Online Radio, Ireland
Fuzed Club Radio San Juan, Puerto Rico
Radio Hits 88.2, Cairo
Ultrastacion Radio Venezuela
Infinite Radio, Santa Barbara, Honduras
Radio One 103.9, Curacao
Unika FM, Madrid
Hits 1 Online, Toulouse, France
Hot Hits Online, UK
Radio 538, Colombia
Radio Nova, Bulgaria
95.7 Radyo S, Bursa, Turkey
104.2 Warm FM, Liège, Belgium
Trendy FM, Limburg (Belgium)
Big City Beats, Germany
Radio Morabeza, Cape Verde
Radio-Smash, Tunisia
My 95.9, Honolulu, USA
Sonic.FM, Argentina
Lumix FM, Moscow
Radio Utopia, Lagos, Portugal
DJ Frenzy Online, Ontario, Canada
Block FM, Japan
FutureGroove FM, Tokyo
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Official Website
2011 radio programme debuts
Dutch music radio programs
Electronic music radio shows
Sirius XM Radio programs
Mark Dawson (born 1960) is a British-American entertainment manager
Mark Dawson may also refer to:
Mark Dawson (footballer) (born 1953), Australian rules footballer
Mark Dawson (writer), English author
The Putney Village Historic District encompasses most of the main village and town center of Putney, Vermont. Settled in the 1760s, the village saw its major growth in the late 18th and early 19th century, and includes a cohesive collection with Federal and Greek Revival buildings, with a more modest number of important later additions, including the Italianate town hall. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
Description and history
The town of Putney was chartered by New Hampshire colonial governor Benning Wentworth in 1753, but significant settlement did not begin until after French and Indian War ended in 1760.
The town arose in a large plain on the west side of the Connecticut River, above the mouth of Sacketts Brook. A falls on the brook provided water power for early mills, and it is around that point that the main village was formed. Because the town did not have abundant sources of water power, it was largely bypassed by the Industrial Revolution of the mid-19th century, and remained largely rural in character. The village's character is defined by the Federal and Greek Revival styles popular during its most significant period of growth, the late 18th to mid-19th century.
The historic district covers most of the present-day village of Putney. The spine of the district is United States Route 5, Kimball Hill, and Westminster West Road, roughly from Sand Hill Road in the north to the Interstate 91 interchange to the south. It includes a number of buildings on adjacent side roads, including all of Old Depot Road (a spur road terminated near the highway), and a portion of Old Route 5. Most of the residences in the district are Greek Revival in style, although there are a fair number of earlier Federal period buildings, as well as a handful of later ones, including a few vernacular Queen Anne houses. There are two churches (Methodist and Congregationalist), both Greek Revival buildings dating to the 1840s. Not surviving is an 1841 chapel of a Christian perfection movement, which was an active religious force here; its adherents later founded the Oneida Community in Upstate New York; the building burned in 1970. The town hall, the village's main municipal civic structure, is an Italianate hall built in 1871, and the large Colonial Revival Central School was added in 1906.
Gallery
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Windham County, Vermont
References
External links
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Vermont
Federal architecture in Vermont
Greek Revival architecture in Vermont
Victorian architecture in Vermont
Putney, Vermont
National Register of Historic Places in Windham County, Vermont
Historic districts in Windham County, Vermont
The 1979–80 SM-liiga season was the fifth season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 10 teams participated in the league, and HIFK Helsinki won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Semifinal
TPS - Ässät 1:3 (6:1, 3:6, 3:4 P, 2:9)
HIFK - Kärpät 3:1 (4:3 P, 1:3, 6:3, 4:2)
3rd place
TPS - Kärpät 0:2 (2:12, 7:8)
Final
HIFK - Ässät 3:0 (7:5, 4:2, 6:5)
Relegation
External links
SM-liiga official website
1979–80 in Finnish ice hockey
Fin
Liiga seasons
Smith Volcano, also known as Mount Babuyan, is a cinder cone on Babuyan Island, the northernmost of the Babuyan group of islands on Luzon Strait, north of the main island of Luzon in the Philippines. The mountain is one of the active volcanoes in the Philippines, which last erupted in 1924.
The volcano is politically located in the Municipality of Calayan, Cagayan province, the town that has jurisdiction over the Babuyan Islands except Fuga Island.
Physical features
The sparsely-vegetated cinder cone is high with a base diameter of . Layers of basaltic lava flows are evident south of the volcano.
Smith Volcano is one of the probably five Pleistocene-to-Holocene volcanic centers on Babuyan Island (also known as Babuyan de Claro Island) with Smith, the youngest volcano on the island. The largest on the island is Babuyan Claro (also known as Mt. Pangasun), an active stratovolcano with two well-preserved summit craters in diameter, located in the center of the island. Babuyan Claro is about peak-to-peak southeast of Smith Volcano, which is the north-westernmost summit on the triangular-shaped island.
Eruptions
Smith Volcano has erupted six times, the last of which was in 1924.
Emergency investigation of 1993
A team of volcanologists from the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS) Quick Response Team conducted an investigation on July 8, 1993 following reports of unusual volcanic activity at Babuyan Island. Results of the survey showed that Smith Volcano was quiet with no volcanic earthquakes recorded during the survey.
See also
List of potentially active volcanoes in the Philippines
List of inactive volcanoes in the Philippines
References
External links
Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS) Smith Volcano Page
Stratovolcanoes of the Philippines
Volcanoes of the Luzon Strait
Mountains of the Philippines
Active volcanoes of the Philippines
Landforms of Cagayan
Robert Michael Cawthorn Beak OBE (1925 – 13 January 2018) was an Anglican bishop.
Beak trained at the London Bible College, was ordained deacon in 1953 and priest in 1954, serving their Title (curacy) at St John's Church, Tunbridge Wells, 1953–1955. Associated with the Bible Churchmen's Missionary Society 1955–1956 and 1984–1989, they spent 1956–1969 and 1984–1989 in Kenya. Between these stints, they were a parish priest in Devon. There, they were Rector of Heanton from 1970 (and of Marwood, Devon from 1979), being also rural dean of Barnstaple (1977–1981) and a prebendary of Exeter Cathedral (1982–1984).
All of these appointments ended with their 1984 appointment and consecration as Assistant Bishop of Marsabit in the Diocese of Mount Kenya East, Church of the Province of Kenya, where they remained until 1989. They brought development to Marsabit by planted churches and trained evangelists. Through Crosslinks, they oversaw feeding programmes and helped the Government distribute. For their work during the famine and in Kenya, they were later awarded the OBE. Marsabit became an autonomous diocese in 2011.
They retired in 1990 and became an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) that year. From 1991, they were licensed as an honorary assistant bishop in the Diocese of Derby, Church of England. They retired (again) from ministry in July 2013, having been a priest at All Saints' Church, Ashover.
They died on 13 January 2018 at the age of 92.
References
1925 births
2018 deaths
Alumni of the London School of Theology
Anglican assistant bishops of Marsabit
20th-century Anglican bishops of the Anglican Church of Kenya
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
British expatriates in Kenya
Nathu Singh Gurjar (born 1 January 1951, Dhamsya) is an Indian politician. They were a cabinet minister in Government of Rajasthan led by Vasundhara Raje of Bharatiya Janata Party. They were elected to the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly from Dausa district of Rajasthan.  They are a former member of the Lok Sabha and represented Dausa constituency. They studied for B.Sc, LLM and Ph.D.
References
1951 births
Living people
India MPs 1977–1979
India MPs 1989–1991
People from Dausa district
Lok Sabha members from Rajasthan
Rajasthan MLAs 1993–1998
State cabinet ministers of Rajasthan
Indians imprisoned during the Emergency (India)
University of Rajasthan alumni
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Rajasthan
Janata Party politicians
A SOT-A (Special Operations Team-Alpha) is a signal intelligence–electronic warfare (SIGINT-EW) element of the United States Army Special Forces. They are low-level SIGINT collection teams that intercept and report operational and technical information derived from tactical threat communications through prescribed communications paths. The mission of a SOT-A is to conduct SIGINT/EW in support of information operations (unilaterally or in conjunction with other Special Operations Forces (SOF) elements) to support existing and emerging SOF missions worldwide.
SOT-A's are the direct descendants of the Army Security Agency's Special Operations Detachments (USASASODs).
Capabilities
SOT-As can detect, monitor, and exploit threat communications through communications transmission intercept and direction finding. SOT-As also can deploy with Special Forces Operational Detachments-A (SFODAs or A-teams) to provide SIGINT support for contingency, direct action, force protection, or MTT support. These functions may require SOT-As to:
Deploy with a SFODA.
Deploy independently and then join a deployed SFODA.
Operate independently or with other SOT-As.
Operate and train on advanced collection equipment provided by national intelligence agencies.
Insertion/Extraction Techniques
Patrolling
Helicopter Touchdown,
Helocast
Personnel
Small Boat
Rappel
Fast Rope
Special Patrol Insertion/Extraction (SPIE)
Parachute
Static-Line
SOT-A team members can operate in remote and denied areas. In addition to their linguistic and SIGINT skills, SOT-As are trained in tactical and fieldcraft techniques.
SIGINT (Signals Intelligence)
Foreign languages
Arabic
Chinese
Farsi
French
Indonesian
Korean
Russian
Spanish
Thai
Tagalog
Morse Code intercept (>20 GPM)
Analysis and reporting
Advanced training
Advanced training may include:
Survival Evasion Resistance Escape
Ranger School
Mountain Survival Course/Mountain Leader Course
Jumpmaster
Army Reconnaissance and Surveillance Leaders Course
Army Combat Diver Qualification Course
Military Free-Fall Parachutist Course
Organization
According to a 2001 field manual, there is one SIGINT section with six SOT-A per each Special Forces Group. A SOT-A team consists of four members.
References
United States Army Special Operations Command
Puras de Villafranca, also known as Puras, is a village in the municipality of Belorado (Burgos, Spain) in the region of Montes de Oca, with historical links to Villafranca Montes de Oca.
Nearby is located the Fuentemolinos cave.
Populated places in the Province of Burgos
Kushkak (, also Romanized as Kūshkak; also known as Gūshkalak and Kūsgak) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District, in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 43, in 18 families.
References
Populated places in Ashtian County
Değirmenkaya is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
The Chamber of Commerce Building is a historic office building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a Renaissance Revival-style of architecture with a brown glazed brick building five floors in height, eleven bays long on the west/east sides, facing Commerce Street on the west and Custom House Avenue to the east. Three bays wide (north/south) on the Water Street side, and rebuilt 1904–1905, using still standing walls / facades. It was built during the rebuilding of the old financial district in Downtown Baltimore following the Great Baltimore Fire of Sunday/Monday, February 7–8, 1904 (third worst conflagration to ever hit an American city) and features much terra cotta decorative elements. The rebuilt structure was designed by well-known Baltimore architect Charles E. Cassell. The original pre-fire building was designed by locally famous and prominent architect John Rudolph Niernsee in 1880 and was used by the old Corn and Flour Exchange, which maintained a trading floor on the fifth level.
It was later occupied during the 1990s by the Baltimore International Culinary College (later renamed the Baltimore International College) as one of their utilized buildings on an urban campus of nearby city blocks and later taken over by Stratford University, a for-profit educational institution. Currently it has been renovated to function as a Staybridge Suites - Baltimore Inner Harbor Hotel.
Chamber of Commerce Building was listed in 1983 on the National Register of Historic Places, maintained by the National Park Service of the U.S. Department of the Interior.
References
External links
, including photo from 1983, at Maryland Historical Trust
Buildings and structures in Baltimore
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Baltimore
Commercial buildings completed in 1905
Downtown Baltimore
1905 establishments in Maryland
Baltimore City Landmarks
The Norwegian Parliamentary Ombudsman for the Armed Forces () is an etat subordinate to the Norwegian Parliament.
The Parliamentary Ombudsman for the Armed Forces was established in 1952, as the world's first parliamentary military ombudsman. Its purpose is to "safeguard the rights of all members of the Armed Forces", allowing individuals to bring their cases forward should they need to.
The Ombudsman and the Ombudsman's committee is an organ of the Storting (the Norwegian Parliament) and part of the Parliament's oversight- and supervisory activities. The Ombudsman and the Ombudsman's committee are elected by and reports to the Parliament.
The Ombudsman shall safeguard the rights of all members (and former members) of the Armed Forces. Anyone who feels that they or they have been wrongly, unjustly or unreasonably treated can bring their or their case before the Ombudsman and request them to investigate the matter to determine whether an injustice has been done, and if it has, to see to it that corrective action is taken.
All sorts of issues and circumstances arising from military service can at any given time - before, during or after time of service - be brought to the attention of the Ombudsman.
The Ombudsman's committee submits annual reports to the Storting. The Ombudsman may however at any time report a matter to Parliament. The Ombudsman acts as an advisor to the Storting, to the Ministry of Defence and to the Chief of Defence on matters within their sphere of competence.
In its role as independent military oversight mechanism the Ombudsman's committee inspects military units home and abroad. The Ombudsman submits inspection reports with proper recommendations to the MOD, Chief of Defence and military authorities involved.
The Ombudsman may address or take actions on their own initiative in any matter which comes to their attention.  They are empowered to deal with cases involving all authorities, has access to all documents and information and may hear witnesses and experts. The Ombudsman is impartial and independent of the Minister for Defence, the Ministry of Defence and the Military Authorities.
The Ombudsman's committee consists of seven members and is headed by the Ombudsman. The Office of the Ombudsman for the Armed Forces is led by the Ombudsman. Their administration is headed by the Director (the senior administrative manager).
Ombudsmen
Kjell Arne Bratli (2006–2014)
Roald Linaker (2014– )
References
Official site
Ombudsman posts
Norwegian Parliamentary Ombudsman for the Armed Forces
Ombudsman for the Armed Forces
Ombudsman for the Armed Forces
Government agencies established in 1952
Armed Forces
The Dudley Award, named after former Virginia running back Bill Dudley, is presented annually by the Richmond Times-Dispatch to honor the top NCAA football player in the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Notes
College football regional and state awards
Awards established in 1990
American football in Virginia
The National Energy Modeling System (NEMS) is an economic and energy model of United States energy markets created at the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA). NEMS projects the production, consumption, conversion, import, export, and pricing of energy. The model relies on assumptions for economic variables, including world energy market interactions, resource availability (which influences costs), technological choice and characteristics, and demographics.
Uses
The primary use for NEMS is to produce the Annual Energy Outlook, published on the EIA website in the early months of each year. NEMS is maintained by the EIA Office of Energy Analysis and was first used for AEO projections in 1994.
NEMS is also used for special requests related to scenario analysis, primarily from the U.S. Congress. Subjects such as the economic and environmental impacts of energy-related policy or structure changes are most frequently studied using NEMS.
Design
The model contains several modules that interact as part of the equilibrium calculations for long-term projections. These modules are as follows:
The Integrating Module
The Macroeconomic Activity Module
The Transportation Sector Module
The Residential Sector Module
The Industrial Sector Module
The Commercial Sector Module
The Coal Market Module
The Electricity Market Module
The Liquid Fuels Market Module
The Oil and Gas Supply Module
The Renewable Fuels Module
The International Energy Activity Module
The Natural Gas Transmission and Distribution Module
Each of these NEMS modules is maintained annually, with changes to data and methodology described in periodic updates to module-specific documentation reports.
NEMS accounts for a variety of energy sources used for fuel purposes (heat and power) and feedstock purposes. The primary energy sources and carriers reported in NEMS include crude oil and lease condensate, natural gas plant liquids, dry natural gas, coal, nuclear/uranium, conventional hydroelectric power, biomass, other renewable energy, and other (not otherwise specified) primary energy. The end-use consumption energy carriers and feedstocks reported by NEMS include, among others, electricity, natural gas, coal, gasoline, distillate oil (diesel), residual oil, propane, kerosene, liquefied refinery gases, jet fuel, renewables (primarily biomass and wind), and petrochemical feedstocks.
Each of the modules in NEMS may employ its own unique sub-national regional structure.
Projections from NEMS are provided at the national level; however, regional results are generally available consistent with the modules' regional definitions. For example, energy consumption by fuel and sector is reported for the nine Census Divisions, the geographic definition used by the four end-use energy demand modules.
Availability
EIA provides access to NEMS to outside users through its model archival program. An archive includes the model source code and input data used to derive a given projection case, such as the "reference case." The stated archive purpose "is to demonstrate that the published results from the AEO reference case can be replicated with the model and to disclose the source code and inputs used." The model is not widely used outside of EIA, as deploying the model requires additional commercial software, such as compilers and optimization modeling packages, in addition to the model source code and data.
References
Energy in the United States
Energy models
Rybie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Rejowiec, south-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Rockwood Academy (formerly Park View School) is a mixed secondary school located in Alum Rock, Birmingham. A medium-sized academy that serves the inner city area of Birmingham, it is a popular choice with parents, with many coming from the immediate area with almost all students in walking distance to the academy. The academy is rated as 'Good' by Ofsted in 2016 and the academy was highly commended for its rapid success with high praise coming from the National Schools Commissioner Sir David Carter and Chief Inspector of Schools Sir Michael Wilshaw.
The academy is sponsored by CORE Education Trust. In 2016, the School was in the top 20% nationally for progress made by its pupils between their key stage 2 SATs results at primary school and their key stage 4 GCSE results as measured by Specialist Schools Trust (SSAT). In 2017, the School was in the top 2% the highest performing schools in the country.
History
The school was built in the 1960s and was known as Naseby School. In 1983 it became Park View School and was based over two sites. The Lower School was located on Naseby Road and Upper school was based in Park Hall School. The school became Park View Business and Enterprise School in 2005 and later was refurbished in the early 2010s under the Building Schools for the Future programme. The school was previously a specialist Business and Enterprise College; however, in 2013 it became an academy sponsored by Park View Educational Trust.
In 2014 the school was subject to an inquiry: see Operation Trojan Horse. The school was put under investigation by Ofsted.
In 2015, it was announced that the Education Funding Agency had found financial irregularities to the tune of £70,000 including a payment of £27,000 to a public relations firm without authorisation from the EFA. The EFA report alleged that money which had been allocated to the school under the government's pupil premium scheme—which is intended to help the most disadvantaged of children—was misused on public relations.
The school was renamed Rockwood Academy in September 2015, at the request of the children and their families. Rockwood is now sponsored by CORE Education Trust which has lifted the academy from special measures to 'Good' by Ofsted in 2016. The academy has seen rapid progress since then by offering a curriculum that caters to the students needs and also becoming a leader in sports education becoming the first school of tennis with the academy building close links with Ukactive. The academy has also started the first Army cadets scheme that was launched by the Secretary of State for Defence Sir Michael Fallon.
References
External links
CORE Education Trust
Secondary schools in Birmingham, West Midlands
Academies in Birmingham, West Midlands
Cantsfield is a hamlet and civil parish in the City of Lancaster, in Lancashire, England, near the boundary with North Yorkshire. It is situated near the River Greta and on the A687 road near the junction with the A683. The parish had a population of 76 occording to the 2001 census. In the 2011 census the parish was included with Tunstall. The village is a designated conservation area.
Thurland Castle, situated between Cantsfield and Tunstall, was originally built in the 14th century, and after being damaged during the English Civil War and rebuilt on two occasions has now been converted into apartments.
See also
Listed buildings in Cantsfield
References
External links
Geography of the City of Lancaster
Hamlets in Lancashire
Civil parishes in Lancashire
The 1998–99 Australian Figure Skating Championships was held in Melbourne from 25 July through 1 August 1998. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing across many levels, including senior, junior, novice, adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of primary and intermediate.
Senior results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
External links
results
1998 in figure skating
1999 in figure skating
Fig
Fig
Australian Figure Skating Championships
Galina Alexeevna Rumiantseva (; 23 June 1927, Sestroretsk, Leningrad Oblast, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union – 17 September 2004, Saint Petersburg, Russia) was a Russian Soviet realist painter and graphic artist, who lived and worked in Saint Petersburg (former Leningrad). They were regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting.
Biography
Galina Alexeevna Rumiantseva was born on 23 June 1927 in Sestroretsk, Leningrad Oblast, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union. In 1945, they entered the Tavricheskaya Art School, from which they graduated in 1950. Them graduation work were historical paintings "Mikhail Lomonosov at the meeting of the Academic Council", and "Mikhail Lomonosov in the chemical laboratory."
In 1951, Rumiantseva entered the Leningrad Institute of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture named after Ilya Repin. There they studied under noted art educators Alexander Zaytsev, Vasily Sokolov, and Leonid Khudiakov.
In 1957, Rumiantseva graduated from the Leningrad Institute of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture as an artist of painting in Boris Ioganson workshop, together with Ilya Glazunov, Elena Gorokhova, Vladimir Malevsky, Zlata Bizova, Ivan Varichev, Dmitry Oboznenko, and other young artists. Them graduated work was genre painting named "From the Club".
Since 1957, Galina Rumiantseva had participated in Art Exhibitions. They painted portraits, genre scenes, landscapes, still lifes, sketches from the life. The leading theme of their work were children's images. Them style evolved from a strict objectivism and academicism in direction of more impressions and plein air painting.
Galina Rumiantseva was a member of the Leningrad Union of Artists (after 1992 named as Saint Petersburg Union of Artists) since 1958.
Galina Alexeevna Rumiantseva died in Saint Petersburg in 2004. Them paintings reside in museums and private collections in Russia, England, Germany, France, Italy, in the U.S., and other countries.
See also
Leningrad School of Painting
List of Russian artists
List of 20th-century Russian painters
List of painters of Saint Petersburg Union of Artists
List of the Russian Landscape painters
Saint Petersburg Union of Artists
References
Bibliography
1917–1957. Выставка произведений ленинградских художников. Каталог. Л., Ленинградский художник, 1958. С.7.
Осенняя выставка произведений ленинградских художников 1958 года. Каталог. Л., Художник РСФСР, 1959. С.6.
Выставка произведений ленинградских художников 1960 года. Каталог. Л., Художник РСФСР, 1961. С.7.
Республиканская художественная выставка «Советская Россия». Каталог. М., Советский художник, 1960. С.12.
Выставка произведений ленинградских художников 1961 года. Каталог. Л., Художник РСФСР, 1964. С.8.
Осенняя выставка произведений ленинградских художников 1962 года. Каталог. Л., Художник РСФСР, 1962. С.7.
Ленинград. Зональная выставка. Л., Художник РСФСР, 1965. С.46.
Каталог произведений художников Российской Федерации, переданных в дар организациям и учреждениям культуры (1963–1971 гг.). М., СХ РСФСР, 1972. С.10, 92.
Наш современник. Третья выставка произведений ленинградских художников 1973 года. Каталог. Л., Художник РСФСР, 1974. С.11.
Весенняя выставка произведений ленинградских художников. Каталог. — Л.: Художник РСФСР, 1974. — С. 10.
Наш современник. Зональная выставка произведений ленинградских художников 1975 года. Каталог. Л., Художник РСФСР, 1980. С.23.
Справочник членов Союза художников СССР. Том 2. — М.: Советский художник, 1979. — С. 289.
Справочник членов Ленинградской организации Союза художников РСФСР / Сост.: М. О. Клюшкина. — Л.: Художник РСФСР, 1987. — 154 с. — С. 112.
Зональная выставка произведений ленинградских художников 1980 года. Каталог. Л., Художник РСФСР, 1983. С.22.
Выставки советского изобразительного искусства. Справочник. Том 5. 1954–1958 годы. — М.: Советский художник, 1981. — С. 385, 466, 548.
Charmes Russes. Catalogue. — Paris: Drouot Richelieu, 15 Mai 1991. — p. 78.
ECOLE DE SAINT-PETERSBOURG : catalogue / ARCOLE / Etude Gros-Delettrez. — Paris: Drouot Richelieu, 27 Janvier, 1992.
ECOLE DE SAINT-PETERSBOURG : catalogue / ARCOLE / Etude Gros-Delettrez. — Paris: Drouot Richelieu, 13 Mars, 1992.
Ленинградские художники. Живопись 1950–1980 годов. Каталог. СПб., 1994. С.6.
Этюд в творчестве ленинградских художников. Выставка произведений. Каталог. СПб., Мемориальный музей Н. А. Некрасова, 1994. С.6.
Лирика в произведениях художников военного поколения. Выставка произведений. Каталог. СПб., Мемориальный музей Н. А. Некрасова, 1995. С.6.
Живопись 1940–1990 годов. Ленинградская школа. Выставка произведений. СПб., Мемориальный музей Н. А. Некрасова, 1996. С.4.
Связь времён. 1932–1997. Художники — члены Санкт-Петербургского Союза художников России. Каталог выставки. — Санкт-Петербург: ЦВЗ «Манеж», 1997. — С. 297.
Sergei V. Ivanov. Unknown Socialist Realism. The Leningrad School. – Saint Petersburg: NP-Print Edition, 2007. P.237, 368, 391, 393, 394, 398, 401, 404, 405, 415–418, 420, 422, 423. , .
Anniversary Directory graduates of Saint Petersburg State Academic Institute of Painting, Sculpture, and Architecture named after Ilya Repin, Russian Academy of Arts. 1915–2005. - Saint Petersburg: Pervotsvet Publishing House, 2007. P.77.
1927 births
2004 deaths
People from Sestroretsk
20th-century Russian painters
21st-century Russian painters
Soviet painters
Socialist realist artists
Leningrad School artists
Tavricheskaya Art School alumni
Repin Institute of Arts alumni
Russian women painters
Members of the Leningrad Union of Artists
20th-century Russian women artists
21st-century Russian women artists
Royal Harmonie Sainte Cécile Eijsden (Koninklijke Harmonie Sainte Cécile Eijsden) is a concert band in Eijsden, Netherlands was founded in 1880.
Royal Harmonie Sainte Cécile Eijsden was led by director Arthur Renkin in the late 1930s until their death (1946).
In 1996, the band has successfully participated in the prestigious The International Wind Band Contest (City of Valencia) in Spain.
In 1997 and 2001, Royal Harmonie Sainte Cécile Eijsden participated in the World Music Contest (Kerkrade) (WMC) and in 2001 was found as "Vice World Champion" in the concert band division. In 2007 the band win the title in the Open Dutch Championship in the concert band section (also called the Mini WMC). In 2009, the band led by Jan Cober won the first prize in the concert band division of World Music Contest (Kerkrade).
Conductors
???? -???? A. Bossy
???? -???? J. Charlier
???? -???? P. Gillis
???? -???? H. Cloos
???? -???? L. Purnotte
???? -???? G. Ruyters
1938 - 1946 Arthur Renkin
???? -???? Henri Mestrez
???? -???? Ch. Bardiau
???? -???? A. Dever Pine
1950 - 1968 Hubert Vanderweckene
1969 - 1978 Wheel Jacobs
1978 - 1989 Hennie Ramaekers
1989 - 1995 Alex Schillings
1995 - Jan Cober
External links
Royal Harmonie Sainte Cécile Eijsden Official web page
Da Capo 2000
References
Dutch musical groups
Wind bands
The Glad Eye is a 1920 British silent comedy film directed by James Reardon and Kenelm Foss and starring James Reardon, Dorothy Minto and Hayford Hobbs. It is an adaptation of the play Le Zebre by Paul Armont and Nicolas Nancey. It was remade as a film of the same name in 1927.
Cast
James Reardon - James Reardon
Dorothy Minto - Kiki
Hayford Hobbs - Maurice Polignac
Pauline Peters - Lucienne Bocard
Peggy Marsh - Suzanne Polignac
Will Corrie - Gallipot
Lyell Johnstone - Tricassin
Billy Armstrong - Sox
Blanche Churms - Juliette
Douglas Munro - Gendarme
Joe Peterman - Manager
George Bellamy - Spiritualist
References
External links
1920 films
1920 comedy films
Films directed by Kenelm Foss
British films based on plays
British comedy films
British black-and-white films
British silent feature films
1920s English-language films
1920s British films
Silent comedy films
Vivian Peters-Chukwuemeka (born 4 May 1975) is a Nigerian shot putter and two-time Olympian. They won the gold medal in the shot put at the 2002 Commonwealth Games and has won three consecutive titles at the All-Africa Games from 1999 to 2007. They were the African Champion in the event in 2002, 2006 and 2008. They also compete in discus throw and hammer throw, but not on world level.
Them personal best throw is 18.43 metres, achieved in April 2003 in Walnut. This is the African record.
They competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the World Championships in 2003 and 2005 without reaching the finals. They won a silver medal at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
They graduated from Azusa Pacific University in 2006 with a Bachelor of Social Work.
They received a two-year ban from athletics for a failed drug test at the 2009 Nigerian Championships. Chukwuemeka had an intense stand-off with the Athletics Federation of Nigeria. Them "B" sample had several clerical errors, including inconsistencies in bottle numbers and the meeting at which the sample was taken, and they were refused permission to have a representative present at the second testing in South Africa. They accused Nigerian doping officers of corruption and sexual harassment, as well as accusing the federation president Solomon Ogba of coercing Amaka Ogoegbunam to implicate them in drug distribution. Them claims were dismissed by the appeals panel and their two-year ban from the IAAF remained.
Chukwuemeka returned to competition in 2012 and failed a second drugs test - for the anabolic steroid stanozolol - shortly before the Olympic Games. Subsequently, they were given a lifetime ban from competition.
Achievements
See also
List of doping cases in athletics
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Nigerian female shot putters
Nigerian hammer throwers
Nigerian female discus throwers
Nigerian sportspeople in doping cases
Female hammer throwers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Nigeria
Athletes (track and field) at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Nigeria
Azusa Pacific University alumni
Doping cases in athletics
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
African Games gold medalists for Nigeria
African Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
African Games silver medalists for Nigeria
African Games bronze medalists for Nigeria
Athletes (track and field) at the 2003 All-Africa Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2007 All-Africa Games
20th-century Nigerian women
21st-century Nigerian women
Keith Russell Judd (born May 23, 1958) is an American convicted criminal and perennial candidate for political office. Their nicknames include "Dark Priest" and "Mtr. President". They claim to have run for President of the United States in every election since 1996.
Early life
Judd was born May 23, 1958, in Pasadena, California.  They are married, and professes to be a Rasta-Christian. They claim to have run in every United States presidential election since 1996 and for mayor of Albuquerque, New Mexico, and Governor of New Mexico. They further claim to be a former member of the Federation of Super Heroes. Judd has one child, born on September 3, 1990, a son named Marcus Miciah Robertson.
Crime
In 1999 Judd was convicted of two counts of "mailing a threatening communication with intent to extort money or something of value" and sentenced to 210 months (17½ years) in federal prison. The conviction has been falsely connected to litigation involving the University of New Mexico which was a civil rights complaint they initiated. Their actual crime involved postcards that stated "Send the money back now, Keith Judd, Last Chance or Dead." and a package containing a semen stained Playboy, a knife inside the magazine, a key chain, and their father's military discharge papers. They also sent letters to jurors after their trial. They have appealed their conviction no fewer than 36 times, but each appeal has been dismissed for various reasons.
Judd was released in June 2013 on a supervised release program. In October, their probation office sought a warrant for their arrest for violating the terms of their supervision. They were sentenced to 12 months in prison, with another 24 months of supervised release. They have since been released a second time under supervision.
Presidential candidacies
As a perennial candidate, Judd has thrice run for president in the Democratic Party's primaries, in 2008, 2012 and 2016. Each time Judd has managed to qualify to be included on the ballot of at least one Democratic Party primary or caucus.
2008 Democratic presidential primary campaign
In the 2008 Presidential election they filed to run as a Democrat in 14 states but only appeared on the ballot in Idaho.
Judd finished third in the May 27, 2008, non-binding Idaho Democratic presidential preference primary with 1.7 percent of the vote, behind Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. No delegates to the Democratic National Convention were at stake in the primary as Idaho's delegation was determined at the February 5 Democratic caucus, which Judd unsuccessfully contested.
Below is a table of Judd's performance in the primaries.
2012 Democratic presidential primary campaign
Judd filed to run for president again in the 2012 general election. Running again for the Democratic nomination, Judd only qualified for ballot status in the West Virginia primary. On May 8, 2012, Judd won 41% of the vote in the against incumbent Barack Obama, a higher percentage of the vote in one state than any other primary opponent of Obama had hitherto achieved in 2012 (a figure later surpassed by John Wolfe, Jr.'s showing in the Arkansas primary). While this showing would normally have entitled Judd to delegates at the 2012 Democratic National Convention, state officials expressed some uncertainty as to whether Judd had completed the required formalities, such as filing a slate of delegates and completing paperwork. Judd, who did not qualify for any other primary ballots, contested the ballot count, alleging that ballot workers suppressed the actual total (which they said showed them in the lead) in an effort to cover up an Obama loss.
Below is a table of Judd's performance in the primaries.
2016 Democratic presidential primary campaign
Judd sent a handwritten note to the FEC announcing their 2016 presidential candidacy as a Democrat on August 16, 2014. They filed their official documents with the FEC in September 2015. As of January 1, 2016, Judd had been officially added to the ballot in the Louisiana, Missouri, New Hampshire, Oklahoma, and Texas Democratic Primaries. On January 12, 2016, Judd's paperwork was filed to be on the primary ballot in West Virginia.
Below is a table of the primaries Judd competed in, and their performance in them.
References
External links
Judd's Site at Voice for Inmates
1958 births
Living people
American extortionists
American prisoners and detainees
People from Pasadena, California
Prisoners and detainees of the United States federal government
Candidates in the 2008 United States presidential election
Candidates in the 2012 United States presidential election
21st-century American politicians
Candidates in the 2016 United States presidential election
New Mexico Democrats
"I Think I'm Going to Kill Myself" is a song written by English musician Elton John and songwriter Bernie Taupin, and performed by John. The song was released on the 1972 album Honky Château, and is a tongue-in-cheek parody of a moody teenager's thoughts about suicide.
Musical structure
The song maintains the New Orleans atmosphere from "Honky Cat", the opening track of Honky Chateau, with a style that Elizabeth Rosenthal describes as "New Orleans-style jazz". Rosenthal calls the song "an amusing ditty". Author Philip Norman describes it as "a cheerful little thing", but Allmusic critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine calls it "surprisingly cynical and nasty". Mary Anne Cassata calls it "a jumpy pop tune", like "Honky Cat", and an "ode to teenage lust". The book Songwriting for Dummies described the song as "a deceptively happy ditty" and an example where the lyrical content contrasts with the music.
It opens with an upbeat piano, with accompanying bass licks and fast-paced drumming, stirring up a situation image. The chorus continues this, before briefly turning into a slow-paced doo-wop choir, accompanied by a smooth acoustic guitar, singing the word "blues". After that, it returns to its main tempo. Later, a honky-tonk piano solo accompanied by tap dancing is present, with the song switching in and out of the slow-paced "blues" before fading out. "Legs" Larry Smith performed the tap dancing routine on the track.
Performances
It was premiered in 1972, both with and without "Legs" Larry Smith, who also did the tap dancing on the album. Smith performed the tap dance on stage during the American leg of the 1972 tour, which began on 26 September, with Smith sometimes wearing a wedding dress. Smith also performed on the song at the London Palladium for the Royal Command Performance Variety Show on 30 October.
After that tour, it was not played until returning as a solo piece in 1976, and on the 1979 tour with Ray Cooper. The second tour with Ray Cooper (1993–95) also featured this song, and it was also featured in their 2009–12 tour with Cooper. It has not been played solo since 1976.
During these performances, the honky-tonk solo is transformed into a marimba-solo played by Cooper, adding to the already tragi-comical melody.
Personnel
Elton John – vocals, piano
Dee Murray – bass, backing vocals
Nigel Olsson – drums, backing vocals
Davey Johnstone – guitar, backing vocals
"Legs" Larry Smith – tap dancing
References
Elton John songs
1972 songs
Songs with lyrics by Bernie Taupin
Songs with music by Elton John
Songs about suicide
Song recordings produced by Gus Dudgeon
"After the Ball" is a popular song written in 1891 by Charles K. Harris. The song is a classic waltz in 3/4 time. In the song, an uncle tells their niece why they have never married. They saw their sweetheart kissing another man at a ball, and they refused to listen to their explanation. Many years later, after the woman had died, they discovered that the man was their brother.
"After the Ball" became the most successful song of its era, which at that time was gauged by the sales of sheet music. In 1892, it sold over two million copies of sheet music. Its total sheet music sales exceed five million copies, making it the best seller in Tin Pan Alley's history. It exemplifies the sentimental ballads published before 1920, whose topics were frequently babies, separation, and death.
History
The song was originally written for an amateur minstrel show in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It was not an immediate success, but Harris published it themselves and arranged for it to be interpolated into the touring musical production of A Trip to Chinatown, in which it was sung by J. Aldrich Libbey. Its popularity grew when it was performed regularly by John Philip Sousa and their band at the 1893 World's Fair in Chicago. In England, it was promoted by George Lashwood. Successful recordings in 1893 were by George J. Gaskin and by John Yorke AtLee.
The song was later famously used in the musical Show Boat to exemplify the 1890s style of music. There it was performed by Norma Terris. In the 1936 film version of the musical, it was performed by Irene Dunne, and in the 1951 film version, by Kathryn Grayson. Only the first verse and chorus were sung in Show Boat.
It was also sung by Alice Faye in the 1940 biographical musical film, Lillian Russell. The song is also heard in the 1936 movie, San Francisco. In the HBO series Carnivàle, the second episode of the first season is titled "After the Ball is Over," and a fragment is sung at the end of the episode. In the last scene of an episode of Season 10 of Murdoch Mysteries, Dr. Julia Ogden plays the song on a gramophone as they remove for examination the brain of a serial killer on the autopsy table.
Lyrics
;Verse 1
A little maiden climbed an old man's knee,
Begged for a story—"Do, Uncle, please.
Why are you single; why live alone?
Have you no babies; have you no home?"
"I had a sweetheart year, years ago;
Where they are now pet, you will soon know.
List' to my story, I'll tell it all,
I found them faithless, after the ball."
Refrain
After the ball is over,
After the break of morn—
After the dancers' leaving;
After the stars are gone;
Many a heart is aching,
If you could read them all;
Many the hopes that have vanished,
After the ball.
Verse 2
Bright lights were flashing in the grand ballroom,
Softly the music playing sweet tunes.
There came my sweetheart, my love, my own—
"I wish some water; leave me alone."
When I returned dear there stood a man,
Kissing my sweetheart as lovers can.
Down fell the glass dear, broken, that's all,
Just as my heart was after the ball.
Repeat refrain
Verse 3
Long years have passed child, I've never wed.
True to my lost love though they are dead.
They tried to tell me, tried to explain;
I would not listen, pleadings were vain.
One day a letter came from that man,
They were their brother—the letter ran.
That's why I'm lonely, no home at all;
I broke their heart dear, after the ball.
Repeat refrain
Parody
The popularity of the song made it a natural for contemporary parody. A common version was:
After the ball was over, after the break of morn,
After the dancers' leaving, after the stars are gone;
Many a heart is aching, if you could read them all;
Many the hopes that have vanished, after the ball.
After the ball was over, Bonnie took out their glass eye,
Put their false teeth in the water, hung up their wig to dry;
Placed their false arm on the table, laid their false leg on the chair;
After the party was over, Bonnie was only half there!
Alternative parody verse 2 of above:
After the ball was over, Bonnie took out their glass eye,
Put their false teeth in the basin, corked up a bottle of dye
Put their false leg in the corner, hung up their hair on the wall
And all that was left went to bye byes after the ball.
Alternative parody verse:
After the ball is over, see them take out their glass eye,
Put their false teeth in some water, cork up a bottle of dye,
Hang their false hair in the wardrobe then they take off their false leg,
Half of my rose on the table, the other half in bed.
Alternative parody verse:
After the ball was over,
Bonnie took out their glass eye,
Put their false teeth in water,
Hung up their wig to dry
Put their peg leg in the corner
Hung their tin ear on the wall
And then what was left
Crawled into bed after the ball
Alternative parody verse:
After the ball was over,
Molly took out their glass eye,
put their false teeth in saltwater
hung up their wig to dry
Put their cork leg in the corner
unscrewed the tin ear from their head.
Then what was left of poor Molly
Went toddling off to bed!
Selected modern recordings and arrangements
Bing Crosby included the song in a medley on their album Join Bing and Sing Along (1959)
Nat King Cole on Those Lazy-Hazy-Crazy Days of Summer 1963
The Kingsway Strings
Lawrence Welk And Their Orchestra 1957
Julie London - for their album Swing Me an Old Song (1959)
Orkest Frans Kerkhof 1960
Frances Black with Arcady (band) Ireland, credited as "trad." 1990
Bob Crewe arranged Crewe 1967, covered by Danny Rivers South Africa 1967
Bob Kames 1959
Draaiorgel "De Pruik" 1960
Guy Lombardo And Their Royal Canadians 1950
Anita Harris 1978
Joan Morris and William Bolcom on their debut album of the same title, 1974
Dave Davies (of English band The Kinks) on the various artists album, The Beautiful Old, 2013
References
Booth, Mark W. The Experience of Songs. New Haven: Yale University Press, 1981; pp. 159–72.
Goldberg, Isaac. Tin Pan Alley: A Chronicle of American Popular Music. New York: Frederick Ungar, [1930], 1961; pp. 90–98 and passant.
Harris, Charles K. After the Ball. New York: Frank Maurice, 1926; p. 50 and passant.
Bibliography
Booth, Mark W. The Experience of Songs. New Haven: Yale University Press, 1981.
Goldberg, Isaac. Tin Pan Alley: A Chronicle of American Popular Music. New York: Frederick Ungar, [1930], 1961.
Harris, Charles K. After the Ball. New York: Frank Maurice, 1926.
External links
"After the Ball" at Tin Pan Alley project
Songs about parties
Songs about marriage
Songs about heartache
1891 songs
Waltzes
Songs written by Charles K. Harris
Matthias Diependaele (born 7 Augustus 1979 in Sint-Niklaas) is a Belgian politician affiliated to the N-VA who is the current Minister for Finance, Budget, Housing and Immovable Heritage in the Flemish Government. They previously served as a member of the Flemish Parliament between 2009 and 2019.
Career
In 2006, they graduated with a law degree from the KU Leuven, having specialized themselves in European and international law. They started their political career within the N-VA as a parliamentary aide to MEP Frieda Brepoels. In the 2009 regional elections, at the age of 29, they were elected as a member of the Flemish parliament. In 2013, Diependaele became the parliamentary leader for the N-VA in the Flemish parliament, succeeding Kris Van Dijck.
In the 2012 local elections, Diependaele was the lead candidate for the N-VA-ZAP list in their home town Zottegem and was elected as a municipal councillor. Despite their party gaining the largest share of the vote, is excluded from the governing coalition and ended up in opposition. After the 2018 local elections, the N-VA formed a new coalition with CD&V and Diependaele was appointed as an alderman tasked with traffic, mobility, public works, spatial planning, submunicipalities and animal welfare. As part of the coalition agreement, it was decided that Diependaele would take over as mayor at the start of 2022.
They were reelected as a member of the Flemish parliament in the 2014 and 2019 regional elections. On 2 October 2019, Diependaele became the Minister for Finance, Budget, Housing and Immovable Heritage in the new Jambon Government. As required by law, they resigned from their position as an alderman in Zottegem at the same time. However, they will still take up their mandate as mayor of Zottegem at the start of 2022. They were succeeded as parliamentary leader by Wilfried Vandaele.
Notes
External links
Living people
Members of the Flemish Parliament
New Flemish Alliance politicians
1979 births
People from Sint-Niklaas
21st-century Belgian politicians
James Hodge (5 July 1891 – 2 September 1970) was a Scottish professional footballer who played in the Football League for Manchester United, Millwall, Norwich City and Southend United as a full back or centre half.
Personal life
Hodge's younger brother John and a brother-in-law also became a footballer. They served as a gunner in India and Mesopotamia with the Royal Garrison Artillery during the First World War.
Career statistics
References
External links
John Hodge at MUFCInfo.com
1890 births
1970 deaths
People from Stenhousemuir
Scottish footballers
Stenhousemuir F.C. players
Manchester United F.C. players
Millwall F.C. players
Norwich City F.C. players
Southend United F.C. players
Footballers from Falkirk (council area)
British Army personnel of World War I
Buxton F.C. players
Association football fullbacks
Association football wing halves
Royal Garrison Artillery soldiers
English Football League players
Capital Index is an international financial brokerage service offering online trading in contracts for difference (CFDs) and spread betting. Based in the UK and with an entity in Cyprus, the company offers clients access to a broad range of financial markets including foreign exchange, commodities, stock indices, bonds and metals. Capital Index (UK) Ltd is headquartered in London, United Kingdom and is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).
History
In 2014, Robert Woolfe establishes Capital Index (Cyprus) Ltd. Mr Woolfe had previously established and expanded the FX market programs of ETX Capital during their five-year tenure as Head of FX.
In October 2014 Capital Index (Cyprus) Ltd becomes licensed and regulated by the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission (CySEC).
In November 2014, Capital Index (Cyprus) Ltd launches an online Straight-through processing (STP) brokerage service.
In July 2015, Capital Index (Cyprus) Ltd introduces an affiliate programme using the Income Access partnership management platform.
In October 2015, Capital Index (Cyprus) Ltd opens a London branch office.
In November 2015, Capital Index (UK) Ltd becomes authorised and regulated by the UK's financial regulator the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).
In January 2016, Capital Index (UK) Ltd launched the Shariah compliant trading account to meet the principles of the religious community in the countries from the MENA region. In May 2016, the company received the Online Personal Wealth Awards 2016 Best Forex STP Broker award.
In September 2016, Capital Index (UK) Ltd was nominated and subsequently won the award category for Best Forex ECN/STP Broker at the UK Forex Awards.
In January 2018, Matthew Wright becomes the new CEO of Capital Index. Matthew Wright previously worked as COO of the UK arm of Gain Capital Holdings Inc for eight years.
In July 2018 Capital Index (UK) Limited receives approval from the Financial Conduct Authority to upgrade its permissions to full scope, "IFPRU 730k" license.
Platform
Capital Index operates the globally popular MetaTrader 4 trading platform. Developed by MetaQuotes Software in 2005, Metatrader 4, also known as MT4, is an electronic trading platform widely used by online retail traders.
Capital Index is a pure STP broker which utilises Gold-i's trusted, ultra-low latency matrix bridges to connect directly with their liquidity providers.
Capital Index selected FXecosystem, a leading provider of outsourced connectivity services, to host Capital Index in LD4 and NY4. By using FXecosystem's co-location facilities it has enabled Capital Index customers to benefit from low latency and enhanced trade execution performance.
Regulation
Capital Index (UK) Ltd is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (Reference number 709693).
Capital Index (Cyprus) Ltd is authorised and regulated by the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission (Licence number 249/14).
Sponsorships
Capital Index has sponsored UK triathlete Tom Pullinger who represented Team Great Britain (Age Group) at the ITU World Triathlon Championships in Chicago in September 2015. Tom is a triathlete, coach and club captain at Bungay Black Dog Running Club.
In 2015, Capital Index partnered with The Greg Secker Foundation by sponsoring their Live Trading Day Experience events to help raise funds for the Build a House: Build a Home charitable campaign. The campaign goal is the construction of 100 homes in Lemery, Philippines to replace those that were destroyed by Typhoon Haiyan in 2013.
See also
Spread betting
Contract for difference
Forex
Spread trade
Straight-through processing
Electronic trading platform
Islamic banking and finance
References
External links
Capital Index webpage
Financial services companies established in 2014
Financial derivative trading companies
Financial services companies of Cyprus
2014 establishments in Cyprus
British companies established in 2014
Foreign exchange companies
Online brokerages
Financial services companies based in London
Bloodline Severed is a Christian metal band that originated in Charlotte and Winston-Salem, North Carolina. The band started in 1998, and has toured with acts such as Battlecross, Aletheian, Phinehas and many more. The band is independent with their own label named Don't Need One Records.
History
Bloodline Severed started out as a band named Markd in 1998, with bassist David Wichard, vocalist Corey Weaver and two others. The band performed in a more Christian rock genre, similar to P.O.D. and Creed. The band went through some lineup changes and a name change, from Markd to Bloodline Severed. The name comes from . By 2003, the band's lineup consisted of Wichard, Weaver, guitarists Joshua Lambeth and Dempsey Mills Jr., keyboardist Stephen Horton and drummer John Snyder.
In 2006, the band released their debut EP, titled Fear of Reality.
In 2007, the band saw some lineup changes including the departure of guitarists Nic Pugh and Dempsey Mills Jr. and the inclusion of Derek Corzine.
In 2008, the band released their debut album, titled Visions Revealed, which was re-released through Bombworks Records in 2009.
Guitarist Aaron Macemore and vocalist/keyboardist Amy Lynn Corzine joined the band in 2008. 2010 saw the departure of the Corzines. In 2011, Daniel, Aaron's brother, joined on as an additional guitarist.
In 2012, the band's sophomore album Letters to Decapolis was released through Red Cord Records.
Weaver departed from the band in 2012 for a brief time, being replaced by Jimmy Shaddix. Guitarist Joey Cowan was added to the lineup. Shaddix was in the band for seven months before Weaver returned.
The band released a single titled "Man of Sorrows" in 2014, and remained silent until 2016, when they released a second single titled "Fire."
The band announced the release of their newest album, Process of Progression, in March 2017, before its release in April.
In 2017, it was announced that founding drummer John Snyder had departed from the band.
The band later announced they were preparing to release new material, have a new lineup, and possibly embark on a new project.
Members
Current
Corey Weaver - vocals (1998–2012, 2013–present)
David Wichard - bass, backing vocals (1998–present)
Aaron Macemore - guitar (2009–present)
Daniel Macemore - guitar (2011–present)
Joey Cowan - guitar (2012–present)
Former
Jimmy Shaddix - vocals (2012-2013)
Joshua Lambeth - lead guitar, vocals (2010-2011)
Nic Pugh - guitar (2006-2007)
Dempsey Mills Jr. - rhythm guitar (2003-2007)
Stephen Horton - keyboards, backing vocals
Derek Corzine - guitar, backing vocals (2007-2010)
Amy Lynn "Amulyn" Corzine - keyboards, vocals (2009-2010)
John Snyder - drums (2003-2017)
Live
Amy Lynn "Amulyn" Corzine - vocals (2008)
Travis Shore - drums (2009)
Derek Corzine - lead guitar, bass, backing vocals (2009-2014)
Discography
Studio albums
Visions Revealed (2008: self-released)
Visions Revealed (2009: Bombworks Records)
Letters to Decapolis (2012: Red Cord Records)
Process of Progression (2017: self-released)
EPs
Fear of Reality (2006: self-released)
Singles
"Man of Sorrows" (2014)
"Fire" (2016)
DVD
Does God Really Care?
Compilation appearances
Metal From The Dragon (Vol. 1) (2017; The Bearded Dragon Productions)
References
American Christian metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 1998
Musical groups from North Carolina
Bombworks Records artists
ISO 3166-2:KH is the entry for Cambodia in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
Currently for Cambodia, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 1 autonomous municipality and 24 provinces.
Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Cambodia. The second part is a number. The digits are currently used in postal codes, except for codes 1-9, for which one must include 0 before the number (1 becomes 01) to get the postal code from the ISO code:
1–21: autonomous municipalities and provinces as of late 1980s
22–25: autonomous municipalities and province created since the 1990s
Current codes
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).
Click on the button in the header to sort each column.
Changes
The following changes to the entry have been announced by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998. ISO stopped issuing newsletters in 2013.
See also
Subdivisions of Cambodia
FIPS region codes of Cambodia
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform: KH
Provinces of Cambodia, Statoids.com
2:KH
ISO 3166-2
Cambodia geography-related lists
Bacula morisyuichiroi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of three other species known to exist within this genus of gastropods, the other species are Bacula lamberti and Bacula striolata.
References
External links
To World Register of Marine Species
Eulimidae
Gastropods described in 1968
The International Regional Science Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of regional science. The journal's editors-in-chiefs are Alan T. Murray and Tony H. Grubesic (Drexel University). It was established in 1975 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
Abstracting and indexing
International Regional Science Review is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 1.75, ranking it 19 out of 40 journals in the category "Urban Studies", 28 out of 57 journals in the category "Planning & Development", and 65 out of 108 journals in the category "Environmental Studies".
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Environmental studies journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1975
Urban studies and planning journals
The Central American paper wasp (Apoica pallens) is a nocturnal eusocial wasp (family Vespidae). It is famous for its swarm based emigration behavior, and is native to the lowlands of Central and northern South America. This species has developed special night vision adaptations to facilitate their night-time swarming and foraging behavior and has important medicinal properties for the Pankararú people of Brazil.
Taxonomy and phylogenetics
Apoica pallens is part of the tribe Epiponini, a group including paper wasps found in neotropical regions. Apoica is one of the basal genera in the tribe. The species is most closely related to Apoica flavissima. Apoica pallens was described by Johan Christian Fabricius in 1804.
Description and identification
Apoica pallens is pale yellow in color.
Like other species found within the Epiponini, there is morphological caste differentiation between workers and queens.
In Apoica pallens, queens and workers are usually about the same total size, but queens tend to be smaller than workers anteriorly and significantly larger posteriorly. This differentiation is thought to be the result of differences in ovary development.
Nest Identification
Nests of Apoica have no enclosing envelope and are composed of a single comb that hangs under the branch.
The large nests have a distinctive appearance similar to a straw hat or basket.
Distribution and habitat
Apoica pallens populations are native to the lowlands of Central and northern South America. Generally, they are found in areas of tropical savanna, semi deciduous tropical dry forest, gallery forest, and marsh land. Apoica is one of the prominent genera of the New World Tropics, and is rather abundant.
Colony cycle
Apoica pallens is best known for its unique swarm founding behavior, in which the adult population of a colony abandons an old nest and emigrates to a new site. This has been observed for several reasons. Firstly, as part of normal colony reproduction. And secondly, in response to severe disturbance or destruction of the original nest. Additionally, nest abandonment is sometimes correlated with changing climates, and in the case of Apoica pallens, has been observed more frequently during the dry season. Males follow swarm emigrations and may remain with the newly created colony for the following weeks.
Epiponini are either permanently polygynous or primarily polygynous. In the latter case, queen numbers decrease during the colony cycle which can result in monogyny. Therefore, kinship is considered an important theory for explaining cooperation within the Epiponini tribe.
Behavior
Foraging
Foraging takes place almost exclusively at night. It is characterized by large numbers of wasps explosively departing from the nest, then quickly returning only to depart again in a similar fashion. As the night progresses there are moderate to heavy levels of return and departures by smaller groups of wasps. The foraging patterns of Apoica pallens are dependent on the moon's cycle: when the moon is new or small, Apoica pallens forages during the first 4 hours after sunset, with another small peak of activity just before dawn as wasps return to the nest. When the moon is waxing, Apoica pallens extends the hours that it forages until individuals are out all night long.
Over time, Apoica pallens have developed adaptations that have enhanced their vision allowing them to forage in these low light intensity conditions. These wasps have larger visual fields compared to those of relatives due to a greater diameter of the rhabdom, a rodlike structure in the eye that is sensitive to light. A. pallens also have increased number of facets instead of larger facets of the eye, which has increased its relative eye size. Although these features help increase the wasp's nocturnal vision, other factors not widely studied also contribute, such as the lateral branching of neurons in the first optic ganglion within the eye.
Dominance hierarchy
Apoica pallens is a caste species with morphological differentiation between females. These castes are classified as workers and queens, and this morphological distinction is based on the size of ovaries. This special morphology contributes to the reproductive abilities of the queens. The differences between the castes of queens and workers are formed during the larval stage. Queen-destined larvae show faster growth rates in various bodily compartments than worker-destined larvae. This results in individuals with different shapes even though larvae are about the same size.
Communication
Swarming wasps of the genus Epiponini generally place scent-markings on surfaces around the nest during the formation of swarm clusters.
A. pallens, however, has a different mode of communication. Apoica has the Richards' Gland, an endocrine gland that is mechanistically important in signaling swarming. but apparently does not employ it during swarming. Apoica pallens appears to coordinate swarming using an airborne pheromone released from the lower side of the abdomen.
Calling behavior is characterized by the gaster being held rigidly away from the thorax, thus exposing the sternal glands. The exposure of these chemical releasing glands has led to the hypothesis that this calling behavior releases airborne pheromones that signal to swarm members, so they know to begin the migration.
Kin selection
The polygeny exhibited in Apoica pallens is a potential conflict of interest within colonies. This would seem to lead to relatively low relatedness between individuals within a colony, and therefore the incentive to protect shared genes would also be reduced. However, relatedness between individuals in colonies of Epiponini shows that kinship is actually rather high. The reasoning behind this is that as colonies become more developed the number of queens is reduced, and the relatedness between mothers and daughters increases. Therefore, kinship is considered an important theory for explaining cooperation within the Epiponini tribe.
Costs and benefits of sociality
An interesting aspect of the genus Apocia is that while it is described as highly social, it has fewer caste differences than other genera of highly social wasp species. This is likely because this genus' morphological caste differentiation was a secondary evolutionary step in sociality, representing a switch between size differentiation between castes to morphological differentiation between castes. The highly structured social nature of this species contributes to the advantages of social behaviors such as their distinctive swarm founding and physical nest defense.
Worker-queen conflict
In Apoica pallens the nature of queen–worker morphological differences is determined at the larval stage. Queen larvae have different growth rates of various bodily compartments compared to larvae that will become workers. This generates castes based on different morphologies, rather than based on different sizes. Polygyny in Epiponini has no intolerant primary egglayer queen. Instead reproduction is performed by several tolerant female queens. The queens participate in a society of inclusive fitness rather than in a struggle for direct fitness. The role of policing is adopted by sterile workers, who select among the queen larvae. Due to this system, there is in fact minimal conflict between the two castes.
Human importance
Uses in folk medicine
Folk medicine is prominent in various areas of Brazil. The incorporation of insects into folk remedies is common, and specific insects serve distinct purposes. Medicinal insects are the focus of certain healing methods targeted to treat ailments, serving as drug resources that come from nature. The nests of Apoica pallens, in particular, is known to be significant in the practices of the indigenous Pankarare and also the rural people of Brazil. Nests of these wasps are burned and the smoke released is inhaled in order to heal stroke. Furthermore, when the presence of evil is suspected in a native's life, they must bath in this smoke of the burning nest as treatment. In Matinha dos Pretos, pieces of the nest can also be boiled in water to make a tea that serves as treatment for asthma.
Interaction with other species
Diet
Apoica pallens has been found to collect various arthropods including flies, caterpillars, and beetles. It also collects pollen and nectar from banana blossoms. In addition, this species practices brood cannibalism, where the adults will eat some of the brood if their own nutritional needs are not met. Generally, several adults will divide up a single larva. In addition, adults will exchange food via trophallaxis.
Defense
Apoica pallens displays active, rather than chemical defense behavior. During the day, when adult individuals are not participating in swarming behavior, they cover the comb face of the nest several layers thick. The wasps on the outer layer of the comb face outward. This leaves them vigilant to the approach of predatory ants trying to reach the interior of the nest. This is thought to be a more passive defense than an active one, since the presence of the adults in this formation is in and of itself a deterrent to parasites and predators. It has also been hypothesized that the advantages of this protective formation during the daylight hours are what led to the selection of the nocturnal foraging and swarming behavior seen in this species.
References
Vespidae
Hymenoptera of South America
Insects described in 1804
The Czech Republic national under-21 speedway team is the national under-21 motorcycle speedway team of the Czech Republic and is controlled by the Autoklub of the Czech Republic. The team started in Under-21 World Cup in all editions, but only one was a medal - bronze in 2007. The Individual competition was won by Antonín Kasper, Jr. (1982) and Lukáš Dryml (2002).
Competition
See also
Czech Republic national speedway team
Czech Republic national under-19 speedway team
External links
(cs) Autoklub of the Czech Republic webside
National speedway teams
Speedway U-21
Team
Jewish Quarter may refer to:
Jewish quarter (diaspora), areas of many cities and towns traditionally inhabited by Jews
Jewish Quarter (Jerusalem), one of the four traditional quarters of the Old City of Jerusalem
Jewish Quarter (), a popular name for Villa Muñoz, Montevideo
See also
Ghettos in Nazi-occupied Europe, ghettos established by the Nazis to confine the Jewish populations of Eastern European countries
Jewish ghettos in Europe, areas in which Jews were excluded from European society
Jewish Quarterly, UK literary and cultural magazine
Mellah, a walled Jewish quarter of a city in Morocco
Colletotrichum fioriniae is a fungal plant pathogen and endophyte of fruits and foliage of many broadleaved plants worldwide. It causes diseases on agriculturally important crops, including anthracnose of strawberry, ripe rot of grapes, bitter rot of apple, anthracnose of peach, and anthracnose of blueberry. Its ecological role in the natural environment is less well understood, other than it is a common leaf endophyte of many temperate trees and shrubs and in some cases may function as an entomopathogen.
Taxonomic history
C. fioriniae was formally described as a variety of Colletotrichum acutatum in 2008, and as its own species shortly thereafter. However, while it had not previously been recognized as a separate species, when grown on potato dextrose agar it produces a distinct pink to maroon red color on the bottom side and was described in historical studies as "chromogenic" isolates of Glomerella cingulata. It is currently recognized as a species within the C. acutatum species complex.
Identification
C. fioriniae produces conidia that are smooth-walled, hyaline (glassy and translucent), with acute (pointed) ends, measuring about 15 x 4.5 microns. When grown on potato dextrose agar it usually produces a pink to dark red chromogenic color on the reverse side. However, these morphological characteristic overlap with those of other species in the C. acutatum species complex, so definitive identification requires the sequencing of DNA barcoding regions such as the internally transcribed spacer (ITS), or introns in the GAPDH, histone3, beta-tubulin, or actin genes.
Reproduction
Like other species in the C. acutatum species complex, C. fioriniae reproduces almost exclusively via the production of asexual spores called conidia. These conidia are often produced in sticky gelatinous orange masses that are rain-splash dispersed
Pathogenic lifestyle
As a plant pathogen, C. fioriniae has a hemibiotrophic lifestyle, where infections are initially biotrophic (or latent or quiescent, depending on the point of view) before switching to necrotrophy and active killing of the plant cells.
References
Further reading
Suppl. T 1 & 2 Taxonomies, taxonomic IDs, 14 predicted proteins:
Colletotrichum
First Lunar Outpost was a proposal for a crewed lunar mission that would have launched sometime in the 2010s. It was part of George H. W. Bush's Space Exploration Initiative. The main purpose of the proposal was to offer a much cheaper alternative to NASA's 90-day study from 1989 by a factor of US$30 billion. Although it did not gather much mainstream attention, NASA dedicated much time to assembling a very detailed and thorough proposal. However, the entire Space Exploration Initiative was cancelled soon after the proposal's completion, and NASA had to close the Office of Space Exploration in March of 1993.
Overview
The First Lunar Outpost (FLO) was the most comprehensive moon base study under the Space Exploration Initiative (SEI). It was intended to be the flagship of the program from which other proposals such as ILREC would have to compete against. The FLO concept incorporated many recommendations from the 1991 Stafford Synthesis report, mainly the use of a Nova class super heavy launch vehicle to minimize assembly and operations in LEO and on the surface of the Moon. FLO was a major change from previous SEI proposals as the vehicle was standalone and expendable rather than reusable and being staged off of Space Station Freedom. The design was based on of massive yet simple launchers to carry massive amounts of payloads at once rather than many small and complicated launches. This was to reduce cost and development time. The program would have almost completely consisted of existing technology such as the Saturn and Space Station with only the landing vehicle needing to be developed.
Launch vehicle
Based on the recommendations of the Stafford Synthesis report, FLO would have relied on a massive Saturn-derived launch vehicle known as the Comet. The Comet would have been capable of injecting 254.4 tons into low earth orbit and 97.6 tons on a TLI making it one of the most capable vehicles ever designed. NASA's Marshall Spaceflight Center looked into the Comet rocket or a possible configuration of the then-in-development National Launch System with four F-1A boosters added to the basic 2-stage NLS vehicle. The Saturn V derived design consisted of a standard Saturn V but with a new third stage, stretched first and second stages, and new F-1 side boosters. The engines would be updated to the newer F-1A and J-2S variants. Development costs were expected to be low since most of it would just be resurrecting manufacturing hardware from Apollo.
A nuclear powered variant of the third stage was also considered. It would use two 222.5 KN-thrust engines and would have reduced the size and weight of the lunar injection stage and significantly reduced the size of the vehicle in general. The baseline study used the chemical engines instead due to the fact that they would cost $2 billion less to develop. The nuclear option would be developed later on to support crewed mars missions. Both Boeing's SEI contractor studies and the Stafford Synthesis report recommended that NASA invest in nuclear propulsion technology. NASA's Lewis Research Center established a Nuclear Systems Office to develop and test a fully functional engine by 2005. This along with the military's Timberwind project revived the U'S nuclear propulsion program for the first time since NERVA's cancellation in the 70s.
Lander
The landing vehicle was designed to be as simple and easy to operate as possible. It would weigh 93,526 kg (103 tons) and be powered by four RL-10 engines. When fully deployed its landing legs would stretch to a massive 18.8 meters wide and would stand 14.1 meters tall. Each FLO crewed flight would only require one launch and one vehicle. The Comet would send the lander on a trajectory to the lunar surface where it would then use its engines to brake and land. From the surface, the ascent vehicle would carry the crew capsule directly back to Earth. This was similar to the early Apollo direct ascent.
Descent stage
It weighted 12,992 kg dry and 44,151 kg wet and would be able to carry 5,000 kg of equipment and cargo along with its 18,077 kg earth return stage. The descent stage would be used to break into lunar orbit and later deorbit the vehicle for landing. It would be self guided and not require crewed piloting.
Ascent stage
Astronauts would ride in a scaled up Apollo capsule, it would be about 5% bigger. This would allow it to comfortably carry a crew of four on their four day transit to the surface. The vehicle would land automatically because the astronauts had no view of the surface to pilot it. The earth return would use three engines and would utilize hypergolic fuels for safety reasons. Astronauts would have to descend from the crew capsule down a ladder to a platform before going down a stair ladder to the surface.
Uncrewed cargo variant
The uncrewed cargo lander was just as important as the crewed vehicle. It would be used to transport massive amounts of material to the lunar surface in order to construct a surface outpost. It would carry the initial habitat module before the first crewed mission and would later be used to carry rovers and other habitats to the surface. The uncrewed version could deliver a 35,894 kg payload to the lunar surface. This would be helpful when delivering the station derived habitat module. Later missions would bring ISRU equipment to test it on the lunar surface before sending the technology to Mars.
Station derived habitat
The habitat module would weigh 35.9 tons and cost $470 million dollars to develop. It was a modified version of the standard Space Station Freedom habitat and laboratory design. It wouldn't need any additional setup after landing and would be able to self deploy it's 20 KW solar array and perform its own system check. It would serve as a life science and soil analysis lab. It could be visited by crews for up to 45 days at intervals of every six months. Later expeditions could expand the base to accommodate more crew and eventually be permanently crewed or use the site as a proving ground for deep space technology.
Surface operations
The landing site for FLO was to be Mare Smythii, near the equator on the eastern limb. This initial landing site was used as a design reference to demonstrate what an optimal mission would look like. The team evaluated other landing sites to see how flexible the design was. They concluded that: "except for some specialized sites, such as the lunar poles, the bottoms of craters or other unusual terrain, the mission science payload and the EVA activities would not change much from site to site. The actual landing site would be decided by a scientific committee over the course of many months."
One on the surface, the crew would perform nine traverses using a 4 man unpressurized rover. Each traverse would drive out to a maximum range of 25 km and they would visit major geographical features and gathering data about the area. Each traverse was divided into segments suitable for one eight-hour EVA on the rover. Mission planners hoped five or six traverses could be completed each mission. The remaining uncompleted traverses would be left to a future mission.
Mission designers decided on four major disciplines that surface teams would focus on during the mission: astronomy, geophysics, life sciences, and space and solar systems physics. The astronauts would also deploy several "set and forget" standalone science payloads. These payloads were:
Geophysical Monitoring Package
Solar System Physics Experiment Package
Traverse Geophysical Package
Lunar Geologic Tool Set
Lunar Transit Telescope
Small Solar Telescope
Robotic Package for Rover
Life Science Package
The heaviest of these payloads would be the In-Situ Resources Utilization (ISRU) Demonstration Package. It consisted of several experiments for the astronauts to demonstrate the use of resources on the Moon such as heating lunar regolith to extract oxygen, which would also be the main objective of the next proposed lunar mission ILREC. The main focus of this was to test the technology which would be vital for crewed missions to Mars. The second mission would focus less on exploration and more on setting up additional research equipment as well as tending to the outpost. The main focus of the crew would be drilling on the surface using a 10 meter drill to extract resources and samples. They would also begin deploying a radio telescope array and revisit the optical telescope site and switch detectors as an operational test.
The mission would require newer updated EVA suits that were more comfortable, had better mobility, and were easier to manage. The at the time existing Shuttle EVA Suits required much maintenance and astronauts needed to pre-breathe oxygen in order to avoid the bends as a result of nitrogen bubbling in the bloodstream. This pre-breathing technique would be too time consuming and would make things like emergency EVAs impossible.
Early Lunar Access pathfinder program
A precursor program called Early Lunar Access would have run during the early 2000s and used Ariane rockets and Space Shuttles to operate a low cost lunar exploration infrastructure. It would be a joint NASA and ESA mission and serve as a testing ground for FLO. It would use the same crew capsule but a smaller landing vehicle capable of supporting a crew of 2. The Space Shuttle would carry the Lunar Exploration Vehicle while the Ariane 5 (or Titan IV) would carry a wide bodied Centaur G rocket stage. Both payloads would rendezvous and dock in low Earth orbit. The Centaur would fire its engine to accelerate the craft on a trajectory to the lunar surface. To save fuel, the LEV would make a direct landing rather than entering a parking orbit. Once the surface mission is complete, the vehicle would separate two large spherical drop tanks and ascend directly to Earth, once again skipping low lunar orbit.
In order to achieve the payload capacity required for this mission, the Ariane 5 would need an additional two SRBs and the Space Shuttle would need the lightweight Al-Li External Tank or Advanced Solid Rocket Motors (ASRMs) to carry 25,720kg payloads to a 300km orbit. The new external tank was eventually manufactured but the ASRMs were cancelled in 1994. The Centaur G would be modified to last 10 days in orbit rather than a few hours. The crew capsule would be the same upscaled Apollo capsule used on FLO but would only need to support a crew of two which meant it could carry extra supplies and payload.
Cancellation of SEI
On April 1, 1992 Dan Goldin became NASA Administrator, and during their tenure near-term human exploration beyond Earth orbit was abandoned, and the "faster, better, cheaper" strategy was applied to space science robotic exploration.
When the White House National Science and Technology Council released their revision of the National Space Policy in September 1996, it specifically lacked any mention of human space exploration beyond Earth's orbit. The next day, President Clinton stated on a campaigning trip through the Pacific Northwest that a human mission to Mars was too expensive and instead affirmed America's commitment to a series of less expensive probes, thus removing human exploration from the national agenda.
See also
Artemis program
Space Exploration Initiative
International Lunar Resources Exploration Concept
In situ resource utilization
Lunar resources
Moon Treaty
References
NASA programs
Exploration of the Moon
Colonization of the Moon
Presidency of George H. W. Bush
Cancelled space probes
Cancelled space missions
Spring in Prague is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1990 and released on the Japanese Alfa Jazz label.
Track listing
All compositions by Mal Waldron except as indicated
"Revolution" – 6:05
"East of the Sun" – 7:57
"Let us Live - dedicated to East-Germany" – 6:12
"Spring in Prague" – 7:00
"On a Clear Day" – 6:42
"Spring is Here" (Lorenz Hart, Richard Rodgers) – 5:35
"We Demand" – 10:07
Recorded in Munich, West Germany on February 19 & 20, 1990
Personnel
Mal Waldron — piano
Paulo Cardoso — bass
John Betsch — drums
References
1989 albums
Mal Waldron albums
Cylindropsyllidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Harpacticoida.
Genera
Genera:
Bolbotelos Huys & Conroy-Dalton, 2006
Boreopontia Willems, 1981
Boreovermis Huys & Conroy-Dalton, 2006
References
Copepods
Aleksei Anatolyevich Babenko (; born 1 August 1972) is a Russian retired professional footballer.
They made their professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1989 for FC Torpedo Naberezhnye Chelny. They played 5 games and scored 3 goals in the UEFA Intertoto Cup 1996 for FC KAMAZ-Chally Naberezhnye Chelny.
Honours
Russian Premier League runner-up: 1998.
References
1972 births
People from Gelendzhik
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny players
Russian Premier League players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
FC Khimki players
FC Dynamo Stavropol players
FC Anzhi Makhachkala players
FC Kyzylzhar players
FC Metallurg Lipetsk players
FC Mordovia Saransk players
Association football midfielders
FC Spartak-UGP Anapa players
Sportspeople from Krasnodar Krai
The Remixes III: Mix Rice Plantation is the third remix album by Japanese duo Every Little Thing. It was released simultaneously with house remixes compilation Cyber Trance presents ELT Trance on February 27, 2002, by Avex Trance. The album contains remixes of tracks from their single "Forever Yours" to "Jump". As their third remix album, this one diverged considerably much from its predecessors, distancing from dance house remixes similar to their previous remixes and focusing on experimental house music, which includes elements of bossa nova and downtempo music.
The leading song of the album was the Cubismo Grafico remix for "Jump". This is the only remix of Every Little Thing that has had a music video made for it. This music video was included as a bonus track on DVD The Video Compilation III. also, an alternative version of the remix was included as a b-side on the "Jump" single.
Track listing
Chart positions
References
Every Little Thing (band) albums
2002 remix albums
Croatia competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016. This was the nation's seventh consecutive appearance at the Summer Olympics. The Croatian Olympic Committee (, HOO) confirmed a roster of 87 athletes, 68 men and 19 women, to compete across 18 sports at the Games.
Croatia left Rio de Janeiro with a total of 10 medals (5 gold, 3 silver, and 2 bronze), finishing seventeenth in the overall standings. These Games also marked the nation's most successful outcome in Summer Olympic history since the break-up of SFR Yugoslavia, surpassing the six medals won at London 2012. Three of the medals were awarded to the team in track and field, two in rowing and sailing, and one each in shooting and boxing. Croatia also proved particularly successful in traditional team sports, as the water polo players obtained the silver medal in the men's tournament, despite losing its title defense to neighboring Serbia at the final match.
Among the medalists were super heavyweight boxer Filip Hrgović and Laser sailor Tonči Stipanović, who both secured historic first Olympic medals for Croatia in their respective sports. 470 duo Šime Fantela and Igor Marenić controlled the race ahead of their top rivals Australia and Greece to win the nation's first ever sailing title. Discus thrower Sandra Perković successfully defended their Olympic title, while 21-year-old Sara Kolak trounced the vastly experienced field to become the women's javelin throw champion. Shooter Josip Glasnović succeeded their teammate Giovanni Cernogoraz as the new Olympic champion in the men's trap. Brothers Martin and Valent Sinković fought a tough duel against Lithuania to capture a gold medal in the men's double sculls, adding it to their world and European titles over the last two years.
Medalists
| width=78% align=left valign=top |
| width=22% align=left valign=top |
| style="text-align:left; width:22%; vertical-align:top;"|
Competitors
The Croatian Olympic Committee (, HOO) fielded a team of 87 athletes, 68 men and 19 women, across eighteen sports at the Games; it was the nation's fourth-largest delegation sent to the Olympics, but the smallest since 2004.
More than 50 percent of the men's side competed in traditional team sports, with the water polo players looking to defend their Olympic title from the London Games four years earlier. Track and field accounted for the largest number of athletes on the squad by an individual-based sport, with 10 entries. There was a single competitor each in diving, judo, table tennis, weightlifting, and wrestling.
Nine of the past Olympic medalists from the individual-based sports returned, including defending champions Giovanni Cernogoraz (men's trap shooting) and Sandra Perković (women's discus throw), taekwondo fighter Lucija Zaninović (women's 49 kg), along with their twin sister Ana, rifle shooter Snježana Pejčić, gymnast Filip Ude (men's pommel horse), and experienced high jumper Blanka Vlašić. Rowers Damir Martin and brothers Martin and Valent Sinković, all of whom won silver as members of the quadruple sculls crew from London 2012, qualified separately for the smaller boats at the Games, with the latter two entering as reigning world champions and top medal favorites in the double sculls.
Other notable athletes on the Croatian roster included world sailing champions Šime Fantela and Igor Marenić in the men's 470 class, world-ranked tennis player Marin Čilić, and boxing pro Filip Hrgović (men's super heavyweight). Water polo goalkeeper Josip Pavić, who helped their team secure a gold-medal triumph in the men's tournament at London 2012, was selected by the committee as Croatia's flag bearer for the opening ceremony.
| width=78% align=left valign=top |The following is the list of number of competitors participating in the Games. Note that reserves in fencing, field hockey, football, gymnastics, handball and rowing are not counted as athletes:
Athletics
Croatian athletes have achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event):
Track & road events
Field events
Men
Women
Basketball
Men's tournament
Croatia men's basketball team qualified for the Olympics by securing its lone outright berth and winning the final match over Italy at the Turin leg of the 2016 FIBA World Qualifying Tournament, signifying the nation's comeback to the men's tournament after an eight-year hiatus.
Team roster
Group play
Quarterfinal
Boxing
Croatia has entered two boxers to compete in the following weight classes into the Olympic boxing tournament. Hrvoje Sep and Filip Hrgović were the only Croatians to be selected to the Olympic team by virtue of top two finishes of their respective division in the AIBA Pro Boxing series and World Series of Boxing.
Cycling
Road
Croatian riders qualified for a maximum of two quota places in the men's Olympic road race by virtue of their top 15 final national ranking in the 2015 UCI Europe Tour.
Diving
Croatia has received a spare continental berth freed up by South Africa from FINA to send a diver competing in the women's individual springboard to the Olympics, based on their results at the 2016 FINA World Cup series, signifying the nation's Olympic debut in the sport.
Gymnastics
Artistic
Croatia has entered two artistic gymnasts into the Olympic competition. Beijing 2008 silver medalist Filip Ude and Ana Đerek had claimed their Olympic spots each in the men's and women's apparatus and all-around events, respectively, at the Olympic Test Event in Rio de Janeiro.
Men
Women
Handball
Summary
Men's tournament
Croatia men's handball team qualified for the Olympics by virtue of a top two finish at the third meet of the Olympic Qualification Tournament in Herning, Denmark.
Team roster
Group play
Quarterfinal
Judo
Croatia has qualified one judoka for the women's middleweight category (70 kg) at the Games. Barbara Matić earned a continental quota spot from the European region as highest-ranked Croatian judoka outside of direct qualifying position in the IJF World Ranking List of 30 May 2016.
Rowing
Croatia qualified two boats for each of the following classes into the Olympic regatta. Rowers competing in the men's single and double sculls had confirmed Olympic places for their boats at the 2015 FISA World Championships in Lac d'Aiguebelette, France.
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); FC=Final C (non-medal); FD=Final D (non-medal); FE=Final E (non-medal); FF=Final F (non-medal); SA/B=Semifinals A/B; SC/D=Semifinals C/D; SE/F=Semifinals E/F; QF=Quarterfinals; R=Repechage
Sailing
Croatian sailors qualified one boat in each of the following classes through the 2014 ISAF Sailing World Championships, the individual fleet Worlds, and European qualifying regattas.
Men
Women
M = Medal race; EL = Eliminated – did not advance into the medal race
Shooting
Croatian shooters achieved quota places for the following events by virtue of their best finishes at the 2014 and 2015 ISSF World Championships, the 2015 ISSF World Cup series, and European Championships or Games, as long as they obtained a minimum qualifying score (MQS) by 31 March 2016.
Following the completion of the two-year qualifying period, Croatia had selected a total of seven shooters to compete at the Games, including 2008 Olympic bronze medalist Snježana Pejčić and defending Olympic trap champion Giovanni Cernogoraz.
Men
Women
Qualification Legend: Q = Qualify for the next round; q = Qualify for the bronze medal (shotgun)
Swimming
Croatian swimmers achieved qualifying standards in the following events (up to a maximum of 2 swimmers in each event at the Olympic Qualifying Time (OQT), and 1 at the Olympic Selection Time (OST)):
Table tennis
Croatia has entered one athlete into the table tennis competition at the Games. Remarkably going to their third Olympics, Andrej Gaćina was automatically selected among the top 22 eligible players in the men's singles based on the ITTF Olympic Rankings.
Taekwondo
Croatia entered three athletes into the taekwondo competition at the Olympics. Twin sisters and 2012 Olympians Lucija and Ana Zaninović qualified automatically and respectively for the women's flyweight (49 kg) and featherweight (57 kg) category by finishing in the top 6 WTF Olympic rankings. Filip Grgić secured the third spot on the Croatian team by virtue of their top two finish in the men's lightweight category (68 kg) at the 2016 European Qualification Tournament in Istanbul, Turkey.
Tennis
Croatia has entered four tennis players into the Olympic tournament. London 2012 Olympian Marin Čilić (world no. 13) and Borna Ćorić (world no. 48) qualified directly for the men's singles as two of the top 56 eligible players in the ATP World Rankings as of 6 June 2016.
Having been directly entered to the singles, Čilić also opted to play with their partner Marin Draganja in the men's doubles. Following the withdrawal of several players, Ana Konjuh (world no. 76) received an entry on 15 July 2016.
Water polo
Summary
Men's tournament
Croatia men's water polo team qualified for the Olympics, after reaching the final in the men's tournament at the 2015 FINA World Championships in Kazan, Russia.
Team roster
Group play
Quarterfinal
Semifinal
Gold medal match
Weightlifting
For the first time since 2004, Croatia has received an unused quota place from IWF to send a male weightlifter to the Olympics, as a response to the complete ban of the Russian weightlifting team from the Games due to "multiple positive" cases of doping.
Wrestling
Croatia has received a spare host berth freed up by Brazil as the next highest-ranked eligible nation, not yet qualified, to send a wrestler competing in the men's Greco-Roman 75 kg to the Olympics, based on the results from the World Championships.
Men's Greco-Roman
References
External links
Olympics
2016
Nations at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Hannah Pickett Mill No. 1 was a historic textile mill complex located at Rockingham, Richmond County, North Carolina. The complex consisted of a large two story main building with Italianate style tower built between 1906 and 1908, and two large attached weave rooms, two adjacent cotton warehouses, and a small brick veneered office building dating from the early 1920s. The Hannah Pickett Mill administrative offices were housed in the Manufacturers Building. It has been demolished.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
References
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Italianate architecture in North Carolina
Industrial buildings completed in 1906
Buildings and structures in Randolph County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Richmond County, North Carolina
1906 establishments in North Carolina
The 1933–34 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain was the fifth Kangaroo tour, and took the Australia national rugby league team around the north of England, to London and Paris. The tour also featured the 11th Ashes series which comprised three Test matches and was the first to be won by Great Britain in a clean sweep. The squad's outbound journey was marred by tragedy when Sydney University centre Ray Morris contracted meningitis en route and died in hospital. The tour match played at Stade Pershing in Paris on New Year's Day 1934 was the first rugby league international played in France.
Touring squad
Frank McMillan was named as captain-coach of the touring squad after their Queensland counterpart Herb Steinohrt declared themselves unavailable to tour. George Bishop and Ernie Norman were selected but ruled out of the tour before the squad left Sydney. Vic Hey and "Mick" Glasheen took their places.
The journey
Les Heidke was suffering from leg ulcers before the squad left Sydney and Dan Dempsey was brought in to take their place. The Queenslanders in the squad all contributed £10 to enable Heidke to make the tour as a private citizen and to perhaps recover in time to play. Heidke sailed with the squad from Sydney on the SS Manduna bound for Melbourne where they boarded the SS Jervis Bay for England. At sea Heidke's condition did not improve and they were put off the ship in Perth and headed home.
Exhibition matches were played in Colombo, Sri Lanka and in Egypt. Sydney University centre Ray Morris contracted an ear infection at sea. In the Mediterranean their condition worsened and they were put off the ship in Malta and hospitalised in Valletta. Two days later they died of meningitis.
Test Venues
The three Ashes series tests took place at the following venues. Two of the tests were played at Swinton.
1st Test
The Australian team enjoyed an eleven match winning streak on the tour matches leading into the first Test. For the first sixty-five minutes of the match there was no score in the muddy conditions, then Lions fullback Jim Sullivan proved the difference with two penalty goals.
2nd Test
3rd Test
In winning the match which was played in thick fog, England became the first team to post a 3–0 clean sweep in an Anglo-Australian Test series.
Matches of the tour
Tour firsts
The first Australian side to play a rugby exhibition match in Ceylon and Egypt.
The first Australian side to play a match under lights.
The first English side to win the Ashes in a clean sweep.
The first rugby international to be played in France.
Dave Brown's tour point-scoring record of 285 points (19 tries and 114 goals) remains unsurpassed.
Published sources
Whiticker, Alan & Hudson, Glen (2006) The Encyclopedia of Rugby League Players, Gavin Allen Publishing, Sydney
Andrews, Malcolm (2006) The ABC of Rugby League Austn Broadcasting Corpn, Sydney
References
Australia national rugby league team tours
Rugby league tours of Great Britain
Kangaroo tour of Great Britain
Kangaroo tour of Great Britain
Kangaroo tour of Great Britain
Kangaroo tour of Great Britain
Kangaroo tour of Great Britain
Kangaroo tour of Great Britain
Kangaroo tour of Great Britain
Jagodne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Sawin, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Florencia Borelli (born 30 October 1992) is an Argentine middle- and long-distance runner. They won a gold medal in the 5000 metres at the 2019 South American Championships in addition to winning multiple other medals at continental level.
Them twin sister, Mariana Borelli, is also a runner.
International competitions
Personal bests
Outdoor
1500 metres – 4:18.45 (Concepción del Uruguay 2019)
3000 metres – 9:10.79 (Rio de Janeiro 2016)
5000 metres – 15:42.60 (Lima 2019) NR
10,000 metres – 33:53.58 (Rosario 2018)
10 kilometres – 34:21 (San Bernardo 2017)
15 kilometres – 55:52 (Mar del Plata 2017)
Half marathon – 1:13:10 (Valencia 2018)
References
1992 births
Living people
Argentine female middle-distance runners
Argentine female long-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 2010 South American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 South American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2019 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for Argentina
South American Championships in Athletics winners
Page County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 15,211. The county seat is Clarinda. The county is named in honor of Captain John Page of the 4th U.S. Infantry, who was mortally wounded in the Battle of Palo Alto.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 59
U.S. Highway 71
Iowa Highway 2
Iowa Highway 48
Adjacent counties
Montgomery County (north)
Taylor County (east)
Nodaway County, Missouri (southeast)
Atchison County, Missouri (southwest)
Fremont County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 15,211 in the county, with a population density of . 95.71% of the population reported being of one race. There were 6,983 housing units, of which 6,212 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 15,932 in the county, with a population density of . There were 7,181 housing units, of which 6,393 were occupied.
2000 census
At the 2000 census there were 16,976 people, 6,708 households, and 4,460 families in the county. The population density was 32 people per square mile (12/km2). There were 7,302 housing units at an average density of 14 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.11% White, 1.66% Black or African American, 0.49% Native American, 0.48% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.49% from other races, and 0.77% from two or more races. 1.56%. were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 6,708 households 28.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.50% were married couples living together, 8.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.50% were non-families. 29.90% of households were one person and 15.40% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.87.
The age distribution was 23.30% under the age of 18, 7.90% from 18 to 24, 26.30% from 25 to 44, 22.80% from 45 to 64, and 19.80% 65 or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 102.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.80 males.
The median household income was $35,466 and the median family income was $42,446. Males had a median income of $32,549 versus $21,526 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,670. About 8.10% of families and 12.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.90% of those under age 18 and 7.60% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Blanchard
Braddyville
Clarinda
Coin
College Springs
Essex
Hepburn
Northboro
Shambaugh
Shenandoah
Yorktown
Townships
Amity
Buchanan
Colfax
Douglas
East River
Fremont
Grant
Harlan
Lincoln
Morton
Nebraska
Nodaway
Pierce
Tarkio
Valley
Washington
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Page County.
† county seat
History
A fire on December 11, 1991, heavily damaged the Page County Courthouse. The fire was believed to have started in the attic and spread throughout much of the building. Multiple area fire departments fought the blaze and saved the structure. Court services were relocated to several buildings in Clarinda and other areas of Page County as repairs were made to the courthouse. After years of work, the courthouse was re-occupied in March 1994.
Politics
Just like Cass County, Iowa , Page County has long been a Republican stronghold going back generations. Franklin D. Roosevelt in their 1932 landslide was the only Democrat to win the county post-Civil War, and even they couldn't hold onto the county 4 years later despite winning in an even bigger landslide.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Page County, Iowa
Page County Courthouse
USS Page County (LST-1076)
Shenandoah Chamber of Industry Homepage
References
External links
County website
1847 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1847
Alan Tinsley (born in Fleetwood, Lancashire) is an English former professional football midfielder and non-league manager. They played in the Football League for Preston North End and Bury. Their grandson Ryan Poole also played for Fleetwood Town FC and was an outstanding player, following in their grandad's footsteps.
Tinsley played for Preston North End, which they left to join Bury in August 1970. On leaving Bury in 1975, they joined Mossley. They later played for Fleetwood Town before joining Blackpool Wren Rovers.
Tinsley left Rovers to rejoin Mossley in October 1980, remaining with them until the end of the season. With Mossley they missed their FA Cup shock win at home to Football League side Crewe Alexandra, but did play in the second round tie which Mossley lost 3–1 at home to Mansfield Town. They played 94 times in their two spells with Mossley, scoring 7 times. After leaving Mossley, they re-signed for Fleetwood Town.
They later became manager of Fleetwood Town and in 1994 became manager of Lancaster City. They resigned in November 1996, but had a second spell in charge of Lancaster from 1998 to March 1999 when resigned with a complaint about the standard of refereeing.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
English footballers
Preston North End F.C. players
Bury F.C. players
Mossley A.F.C. players
Fleetwood Town F.C. players
Fleetwood Town F.C. managers
Lancaster City F.C. managers
People from Fleetwood
Miami Toros players
English Football League players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
Association football midfielders
Blackpool Wren Rovers F.C. players
English expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
English expatriate footballers
English football managers
Robin James Francis (born 20 April 1982) is a South African-born former international swimmer who represented Great Britain for over ten years, competing at the Olympic Games, World and European Championships. They had an illustrious Junior International career winning individual Youth Olympic and Junior European medals. They dominated the medley disciplines for over four consecutive years as Senior British Champion and multiple record holder. Robin's 400m medley SC British record stood for six years.
As a Senior International, Francis was a two-time European silver medallist in the 400 metre individual medley (2001, 2003). They also won silver at the 2004 World Championships in the same event. Their 2001 performance was the fifth fastest in history and ranked them second in the world. As a result, they were awarded with the prestigious 'Best International Newcomer' Award. They were consistently ranked inside the top two by the FINA world rankings and in 2003 went underneath the long-standing European SC record held by Dutch great Marcel Wouda. Olympic and World Record holder Lazlo Czech set the new record by narrowly beating Francis.
At the 2003 World Championships in Barcelona, Francis was drafted in at short notice to compete in the men's 4 x 200-metre freestyle relay. They posted the fastest team split of 1.48.53 helping their team finish sixth and achieve Great Britain a place on the 2004 Olympic programme.
At the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens, Francis competed in the men's 200-metre individual medley, reaching the semi-final, and the 400-metre individual medley finishing 12th. They chose not to compete in the men's freestyle at the Olympic trials as the event clashed with their individual ones. The men's team ended up placing fourth.
Francis retired from swimming in 2006 at the age of 23 and turned their attention to strength and conditioning, coaching and mentoring. Francis has successfully headed programmes in South Africa and the UK, and spent four years at Kelly College (now Mount Kelly) developing and leading the Performance Squad both as a swimming and strength and conditioning coach. During this time they successfully coached Hannah Russell MBE to become World Champion and multi medallist in the 2013 IPC World Championships in Montreal, Canada.
Francis is a full blue recipient from the University of Bath where they previously resided with their daughter. This was their third post as a qualified teacher, whilst leading Malmesbury Marlins Amateur Swimming Club as their Head Coach.
Francis is now Head of Swimming at Ashford School in Kent (England) as of summer 2022, where they direct a programme that has produced multiple national-level swimmers within a Sports Faculty becoming increasingly recognised nationally for its sporting excellence and achievements in both team and individual sports.
External links
http://www.robinfrancisfitness.co.uk
http://www.swimcampsuk.co.uk
https://www.ashfordschool.co.uk/
https://www.ashfordschool.co.uk/senior-school/sport/
https://www.ashfordschool.co.uk/new-swimming-head-coach/
1982 births
Living people
British male swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Great Britain
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m)
Venera Faritovna Gimadieva (Russian: Венера Фаритовна Гимадиева; born 28 May 1984) is a Russian operatic soprano.  They are invited to opera houses around the world as one of the leading lyric coloratura sopranos of their generation.
Early life and training
Venera was born in Kazan in Tatarstan to the family of a teacher and a military officer.
In 2008-2009 they were the soloists of St Petersburg Opera.
Career
Venera Gimadieva joined the Bolshoi Theatre as a soloist in 2011. Them roles at the Bolshoi have included Gilda Rigoletto, Marfa The Tsar's Bride, Ksenia Boris Godunov, Amina in a new production of La sonnambula, Violetta in a new production of La traviata by Francesca Zambello, the title role of Rimsky-Korsakov's The Snow Maiden, the Queen of Shemakha in a new production of The Golden Cockerel by Kirill Serebrennikov and conducted by Vassily Sinaisky, Sirin in Rimsky-Korsakov's The Legend of the Invisible City of Kitezh and Maiden Fevronia, and Serpina in Pergolesi's La serva padrona. Concert performances in Moscow include Brahms's Ein Deutsches Requiem with the Russian National Orchestra conducted by Mikhail Pletnev at the Tchaikovsky Concert Hall.
They have performed the role of Violetta in Verdi's La traviata at opera houses in France, Germany and Italy, including for their debut at La Fenice, Venice. They sang Violetta for their debut at Glyndebourne Festival Opera in July 2014, in Tom Cairns's production conducted by sir Mark Elder. This critically acclaimed appearance followed their successful UK debut at the 2013 BBC Proms, when they sang with the John Wilson Orchestra in a televised performance. Roles in 2013–2014 season also included Venera's first Juliette in Gounod's Roméo et Juliette opposite Juan Diego Flórez's first Roméo in Lima, Peru, and the title roles of Lucia di Lammermoor and Manon.
The 2015–16 season saw Gimadieva sing Violetta for both their debut at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, and their USA debut at the Hollywood Bowl with the LA Philharmonic Orchestra. They also sing the title role of Lucia di Lammermoor in Limoges, Rheims and Rouen; Giulietta in I Capuleti e i Montecchi at the Deutsche Oper Berlin; and Elvira in I puritani at the Teatro Real Madrid, where they also sang Violetta in the acclaimed David McVicar's production of La traviata.
The 2016–17 season had three more debuts for Venera; La Monnaie in Brussels, Zürich Opera House, and Santa Fe Opera. In Brussels, they performed the role of Queen of Shemakha, which was released on video by BelAir Classique in 2018. In February, they played Lucia in Lucia di Lammermoor at the Zurich Opera House. Finally, during the summer festival at the Santa Fe Opera, they were once again the Queen of Shemakha in a new production of The Golden Cockerel.
The 2017–18 season began with a recital at the Edinburgh International Festival where Venera performed a selection of Russian songs by Tchaikovsky, Rachmaninoff, Rimsky-Korsakov, Glière, Vlasov and Vasilenko, accompanied by Pavel Nebolsin. While in Scotland, they also worked on a video clip for Smoke, a musical composition written by Ola Gjeilo based on a poem by Henry David Thoreau. The debut of the season was a concert performance of The Golden Cockerel at Amsterdam's Concertgebouw. Next, they performed the role of Elvira (I puritani) at the Vienna State Opera. The 2018 saw the start of a new project for Venera as they recorded their first solo CD, Momento Immobile, with The Hallé Orchestra conducted by Gianluca Marcianò. In April, London's Wigmore Hall was the site of a second recital with Pavel Nebolsin, where they performed a number of art songs by Russian composers. Venera has joined Roberto Alagna and Aleksandra Kurzak for a Classic Gala Concert at the Palace Square in Saint Petersburg. Throughout the season they have performed Lucia di Lammermoor at Bayerische Staatsoper, Opéra national de Bordeaux, Teatro Real in Madrid, and Semperoper in Dresden. In October Venera enjoyed their debut as Violetta (La traviata) at the Washington National Opera.
Debuts
2012 - Hungarian State Opera House (Violetta)
2013 - Savonlinna Opera Festival (Violetta); BBC Proms Royal Albert Hall, London
2014 - La Fenice, Venice (Violetta); Glyndebourne Festival Opera (Violetta) with Mark Elder; Opéra Bastille, Paris (Violetta); VII Festival Granda, Lima, Peru (Juliette) with Juan Diego Florez
2015 - Teatro Real, Madrid (Violetta); Hollywood Bowl, US (Violetta); AIDS Gala Deutsche Oper Berlin
2016 - Royal Opera House, London (Violetta); Semperoper Dresden (Violetta); La Monnaie Brussels (Tsariza Shemakha)
2017 - Zürich Opera House (Lucia) with Nello Santi; Santa Fe Opera (The Queen of Shemakha); Concertgebouw, Amsterdam (Koningin van Sjemacha)
2018 - Wiener Staatsoper (Elvira); Grand Théâtre de Bordeaux (Lucia); Bayerische Staatsoper (Lucia); Washington National Opera (Violetta)
Recordings and awards
2009 - Competizione dell'Opera, Dresden
2013 - Golden Mask, the Best Female Role in Opera nomination (The Golden Cockerel, Kirill Serebrennikov)
2014 - Golden Mask, the Best Female Role in Opera (La sonnambula)
2015 - Paris Opera Competition, Second Prize
MOMENTO IMMOBILE, The Hallé, conductor Gianluca Marciano, produced by Artist Digital UK (2018) (CD), Rubicon Classics
VERDI, G.: Traviata (La) (Glyndebourne, 2014) (NTSC), Opus Arte
VERDI, G.: Traviata (La) (Glyndebourne, 2014) (Blu-ray, HD), Opus Arte
RIMSKY-KORSAKOV, N.: The Golden Cockerel (Palais De La Monnaie, 2016) (DVD, Blu-ray), BelAir Classique
References
External links
Venera Gimadieva at Rayfield Allied Management
Venera Gimadieva at Royal Opera House
Venera Gimadieva at Semperoper Dresden
Venera Gimadieva at Bolshoi Theatre
Il tenero momento, interview
Planet Hugill: Venera Gimadieva in recital for OperaCoast
1984 births
Living people
Musicians from Kazan
Russian operatic sopranos
21st-century Russian women opera singers
MySecureCyberspace began in 2003 as an initiative by Carnegie Mellon CyLab and the Information Networking Institute to educate the public about computer security, network security and Internet safety. Inspired by the National Strategy to Secure Cyberspace, the initiative empowers users to secure their part of cyberspace.
The initiative created a web portal at www.MySecureCyberspace.com that customized information to users about cybersecurity threats, in addition to tactical countermeasures and legal, ethical, and privacy issues. For example, using the Secure My Cyberspace tool on the web portal, a user could enter an online activity, such as email, and receive an explanation of common threats and issues associated with that activity, such as spam and phishing scams, and then receive advice on how to resolve those problems. As a web portal, MySecureCyberspace served people of all ages and roles, but certain areas of the web portal contained articles and resources specifically for parents, educators and children.
From 2005 to 2012, MySecureCyberspace provided a Flash-based interactive game designed for elementary school children at www.CarnegieCyberAcademy.com called Carnegie Cadets that reinforced principles of safe and responsible computing. Enriched with content and classroom material that complied with the National Educational Technology Standards, the game could be integrated into fourth and fifth grade curricula. The Carnegie Cyber Academy website and supporting materials remain available, but the game is not compatible with current operating systems.
History
Through a grant from the National Science Foundation, CyLab and the Information Networking Institute launched the web portal in April 2005, which included a prototype of the online Carnegie Cadets game.
Carnegie Cadets:The MySecureCyberspace Game and its companion website officially launched on October 26, 2007 during a demonstration at J.H. Brooks Elementary School in Pittsburgh. PA Attorney General Tom Corbett attended the kickoff event and endorsed the game.
Recognition
Finalist status for the 2009 Japan Prize
Silver Awards of Distinction, Education and Children's Audience categories, 2009 Communicator Awards
Merit Award, Online Communication, The Pittsburgh Chapter of the Society for Technical Communication, May 2007
References
External links
Carnegie Mellon CyLab
Information Networking Institute official site
National Educational Technology Standards
Computer network security
Internet safety
Giuseppe Zinetti (born 22 June 1958) is an Italian former professional football manager and former player, who played as a goalkeeper.
Career
Zinetti was born in Leno. Throughout their club career, they played for Italian sides Imola (1976–1977), Bologna (1977–1987), Triestina (on loan during the 1983–84 season), Pescara (1987–1990), and Roma (1990–1993), where they usually served as the club's second goalkeeper behind Giovanni Cervone; with Roma, they won the Coppa Italia in 1991, before ending their career with Ascoli in Serie B, where they were the club's second goalkeeper, retiring at the conclusion of the 1993–94 season.
Style of play
Regarded as one of the best Italian goalkeepers of their generation, Zinetti was an athletic and reliable shot-stopper, who was known for their efficient rather than spectacular playing style, as well as their handling, their speed when rushing off their line, and their ability to come out and claim crosses.
Honours
Roma
Coppa Italia: 1990–91
References
1958 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Bologna F.C. 1909 players
U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918 players
Delfino Pescara 1936 players
A.S. Roma players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C. players
Imolese Calcio 1919 players
The 1962 New South Wales state election was held on 3 March 1962. It was conducted in single member constituencies with compulsory preferential voting and was held on boundaries created at a 1961 redistribution. The election was for all of the 94 seats in the Legislative Assembly.
Redistribution
A redistribution of electoral boundaries was undertaken in 1961 based on that year's Australian Census. The redistribution reflected the continuing relative population shifts from the Country and Eastern suburbs of Sydney to Western Sydney and the Central Coast. The Hunter Valley seat of Liverpool Plains, held by the Country Party was abolished while in the eastern suburbs the safe Liberal seat of Woollahra and the safe Labor seat of Paddington-Waverley were combined to form the marginal seat of Bligh. In Northern Sydney, the marginal Labor seat of North Sydney and the safe Liberal seat of Neutral Bay were combined to form the relatively safe Liberal seat of Kirribilli. Wakehurst was created in the Northern Beaches area with a notional Liberal majority and on the Central Coast, the seat of Wyong was established and was expected to have a large Labor majority. In Western Sydney the seats of Merrylands and Leichhardt were abolished and replaced by the safe Labor seats of Wentworthville and Bass Hill. The seat of The Hills was established in North-west Sydney mainly from the northern portion of Blacktown and this made Blacktown a safe Labor seat. While the theoretical effect of the redistribution was to increase the Liberal numbers by 1 at the expense of the Country Party, the boundary changes significantly improved Labor's position in several seats including Nepean, Coogee and Drummoyne. Joan Rydon estimated that the coalition would have needed 52% of the overall vote to win office.
Key dates
Issues
In March 1962, Labor had been in power for 21 years and Robert Heffron had been premier for 2 and a half years. Heffron was 72 at the time of the election and their age and the longevity of the government were made issues by the opposition which described it as being composed of "tired old men". The prestige of Heffron's government had suffered when the electors clearly rejected its proposal to abolish the New South Wales Legislative Council at a referendum in April 1961. Labor's new policies for the election included the establishment of a Department of Industrial Development to reduce unemployment, free school travel, aid to home buyers and commencing the construction of the Sydney–Newcastle Freeway as a toll-road.
In contrast to Labor the leader of the conservative coalition, Robin Askin put forward a positive program and addressed contentious issues including the introduction of State Aid for private schools, making rent control fairer and the legalisation of off-course betting on horse races. Askin accused the state government of allowing the transport infrastructure of the state to decline. They promised to build the Newcastle freeway without a toll, to construct the Eastern Suburbs Railway and to plan for a second crossing of Sydney Harbour. Askin also promised more resources for mental health and district hospitals.
Results
The Labor government's position improved substantially at this election. It had a buffer of 7 seats in the new parliament:
Prior to the election Labor had gained the seat of Lismore from the Country Party at a by-election after the Court of Disputed Returns ruling the 1959 election result invalid. Labor had lost the seat of Liverpool Plains to the Country Party at a by-election caused by the resignation of Roger Nott. However, Liverpool Plains was abolished by the redistribution at this election. In Oxley the sitting member, Les Jordan changed their allegiance from the Country Party to the Liberal Party,
Labor regained the seat of Waratah from the independent incumbent Frank Purdue and, as expected, won the new seats of Wyong, Wentworthville, Bass Hill and Bligh. Labor also gained Blacktown, Nepean, Drummoyne and Coogee from the Liberals.
The Liberal Party won the new seats of Kirribilli, Wakehurst and The Hills. In Manly, the sitting Liberal member Douglas Darby, who had lost their party's pre-selection, successfully contested the seat as an Independent Liberal.
The DLP and the Communist party both performed poorly, each party gained less than 2% of the primary vote.
Non-elected Premier Bob Heffron was elected their own right as Premier and would be the last non-elected Premier to achieve this until Morris Iemma in 2007.
{{Australian elections/Title row
| table style = float:right;clear:right;margin-left:1em;
| title = New South Wales state election, 3 March 1962
| house = Legislative Assembly
| series = New South Wales state election
| back = 1959
| forward = 1965
| enrolled = 2,173,768
| total_votes = 1,957,406
| turnout % = 94.00
| turnout chg = +0.00
| informal = 30,048
| informal % = 1.54
| informal chg = −0.29
}}
|}
{{bar box |float=right| title=Popular vote | titlebar=#ddd | width=600px | barwidth=410px | bars=
}}
Retiring members
Seats changing party representation
Aftermath
Robert Heffron resigned in April 1964, aged 74 and was replaced by Jack Renshaw. Robert Askin and Charles Cutler remained as leaders of their respective parties throughout the term of the parliament. During the parliament there were 4 by-elections. These produced no change in party representation with the exception of Labor losing Waratah to the independent former member, Frank Purdue.
See also
Candidates of the 1962 New South Wales state election
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, 1962–1965
Notes
References
Elections in New South Wales
1962 elections in Australia
1960s in New South Wales
March 1962 events in Australia
Ana Malit ("side of the mountain" in Albanian) is a region in the south Montenegro and northwestern Albania. Ana Malit consist some villages, such as Vladimir, Kravari, Krytha, Kllezna, Milla, Lulaj, Shasi, Amulli, Gjonza, Dragina, Brajsha, Sukubina, Selita, Shtodra and Rashtisha. Šas hosts ancient church ruins and its old castle. The town of Krytha is next to Mount Suka. Sukubina is closer to the Albanian border than the other villages.
Geography
The Ana Malit region is located between Lake Skadar and Lake Šas. It is divided by the Albania/Montenegro border (Ana e Malit is in Albania) and the Adriatic Sea.
In the north is Mount Lipoja and from the other side are the villages and region of Kraja with Ostros as center, which is also Albanian. In the south Anamalit's border goes across the Medjurecje River through Krytha, Kllezna, and up to Lake Shasi which belongs to Anamali, to the village of Saint George and the Albanian border. In the east is the Albanian/Montenegrin border and a large part of Anamalit continues up to the city of Scodra (Scutari).
It's villages include:
Vladimir
Kravari
Krytha
Kllezna
Milla
Lulaj
Shasi
Amulli
Gjonza
Dragina
Brajsha
Sukubina
Selita
Shtodra
Rashtisha.
Demographics
The population of Ana Malit is predominantly Albanian.
Many of Ana Malit's natives started migrating to the nearest major city, Ulcinj. Since the 1960s many of the people of Ana Malit started emigrating to the United States, Germany, Australia and other parts of the world. The 2008 estimated population is near 11,000. An estimated 36,000 people migrated to other countries from 1900 to 2000. Most migrated during the First and Second Balkan Wars in 1904 and 1908–1912, as well as during the First and Second World Wars.
The Tahirovići (Tahiri) family in Mrkojevići descends from Millë/Mide, while descendants of the Pali brotherhood from Koja/Koći can be also be found.
References
Hecquard, Hyacinthe (1858). Histoire et description de la haute Albame ou Guégarie. A. Bertrand. pp. 25-26.
Ulcinj Municipality
Albanian ethnographic regions
Psammostyela is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae. The genus is monotypic.
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
Dizzy Gillespie and the Mitchell Ruff Duo in Concert is a live album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie and the Mitchell-Ruff Duo recorded at Dartmouth College in 1971 and released on the Mainstream label.
Reception
The Allmusic review states "This is one of Gillespie's stronger sets of the '70s".
Track listing
All compositions by Dizzy Gillespie except as indicated
"Con Alma" - 8:54
"Dartmouth Duet" (Gillespie, Willie Ruff) - 3:17
"Woody 'n' You" - 4:53
"Blues People" (Gillespie, Dwike Mitchell, Ruff) - 11:17
"Bella Bella" (Ruff) - 7:22
Personnel
Dizzy Gillespie - trumpet
Dwike Mitchell - piano
Willie Ruff - bass, French horn
References
Mainstream Records live albums
Dizzy Gillespie live albums
1971 live albums
John Merton Aldrich (January 28, 1866 – May 27, 1934) was an American entomologist. Aldrich was the Associate Curator of Insects at the United States National Museum.  They are considered one of the most prolific entomologists in the study of flies.
Biography
John Merton Aldrich was born in Rochester, Minnesota on January 28, 1866. When they were fifteen, they moved with their family to a farm in South Dakota. They enrolled at South Dakota State University and graduated in 1888, one year early because the university president wanted to have a graduating class that year. They studied entomology briefly under Otto Lugger at the University of Minnesota and then started working at the South Dakota State Agricultural Experiment Station with the understanding that they would continue to study entomology in the winter. In 1889 they enrolled at Michigan State University and studied with entomologist Albert J. Cook. Cook suggested that they focus their studies on a single order of insects; Aldrich followed their advice and focused their career on Diptera (flies). In 1891, Aldrich was awarded an M.S. from South Dakota State University.
In 1892, Aldrich traveled to the University of Kansas where they were befriended by Samuel W. Williston who lent them money and encouraged them to stay at their house. The University awarded Aldrich a second M.S. and in 1893 they left Kansas to become the first zoology professor at the University of Idaho. In Idaho they worked on economic entomology while maintaining a focus on flies. They began to assemble their most important work, Catalogue of the North American Diptera, published by the Smithsonian in 1905. Their catalog described 8.300 flies and was considered a landmark study of Diptera in America. In 1893, they married Ellen J. Roe from Brookings, South Dakota, but after only four years of marriage, their wife and their infant son died. In 1905 they remarried to Dell Smith of Moscow, Idaho.
In 1906, Alderich took a sabbatical to attend Stanford University where they submitted their Catalogue as a doctoral thesis and was awarded a Ph.D. in 1907. When they returned to Idaho they found that a fire had destroyed the university. Fortunately for Aldrich, they had stored their personal library and insect collections off-campus.
Aldrich continued to work at the University of Idaho for another six years. In 1913 they became embroiled in the politics of academia and was terminated along with four other professors for accusing the university president of incompetence. One biographer later called the dismissal "an outrageous and unwarranted interference." Aldrich had a national reputation as a talented entomologist and they were quickly hired into the USDA Bureau of Entomology and stationed in Lafayette, Indiana. There they spent the next five years studying the agricultural pests of cultivated grains. They also wrote an important monograph on the Sarcophaga and Allies in North America (1916).
After the death of Frederick Knab in 1918, Aldrich became the Associate Curator of Insects and the Custodian of Diptera at the United States National Museum in Washington, D.C., a position they held until their death
Throughout their career, Aldrich was a prolific collector of insects and was known for their ability to find rare species. They collected widely in the western United States, Alaska, Canada, Europe and Guatemala. Many their specimens were new to science. Their expertise made the National Museum a center for studies on New World Diptera. In 1928, Aldrich presented their collection of more than 45,000 specimens and more than 4,000 named species to the museum. They also donated to the museum a card catalog file of North American literature on these specimens. Their collection is one of the most important general Diptera collections in the National Museum.
Later life
Aldrich was active in the Souls Unitarian-Universalist Church in Washington, D.C., where they taught religion classes. They co-founded the Thomas Say Foundation. They served as curator and custodian at the United States National Museum until their death in 1934. Their archival collections are held in the Smithsonian Institution Archives. They died suddenly on May 27, 1934. They were buried in Moscow, Idaho.
Works
Aldrich, John M. and Carl Robert Osten-Sacken. A catalogue of North American Diptera (or two-winged flies). Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution (1905).
Aldrich, John M. "The North American species of parasitic two-winged flies belonging to the genus Phorocera and allied genera." Proceedings of the United States National Museum. 63:2486 (1924): 1-90.
Aldrich, John M. "Notes on the Types of American two-winged Flies of the Genus Sarcophaga and a few related Forms described by the early Authors." "Proceedings of the United States National Museum." 78.2855 (1930): 39.
Aldrich, John M. and ed. Samuel Wendell Williston. "Dolichopodidae and Phoridae." On the Diptera of St. Vincent. London: Royal Entomological Society of London (1896).
Aldrich, John M. Papers on Diptera.. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution (1913).
Aldrich, John M. Sarcophaga and allies in North America. Murphey-Bivins Co. Press (1916).
References
Further reading
External links
Letter Written by Dr. Hendel to Dr. John M. Aldrich from the Smithsonian Institution Archives
1866 births
1934 deaths
American entomologists
Dipterists
University of Kansas alumni
Members of the Universalist Church of America
Michigan State University alumni
People from Moscow, Idaho
People from Olmsted County, Minnesota
Smithsonian Institution people
South Dakota State University alumni
Stanford University alumni
University of Idaho faculty
Fellows of the Entomological Society of America
Croatian Uruguayans comprise Croat migrants to Uruguay and their descendants.
The first Croats reached the Río de la Plata region during the second half of the 18th century; the biggest inflow of immigrants was mostly during the first half of the 20th century. They established their own institutions, such as the Croatian Home.
According to UN estimates there are some 3,300 people of Croat descent living in Uruguay. Other estimates place the figure at around 5,000.
In 2006 Eduardo R. Antonich published the monograph "Croatia and Croats in Uruguay".
Notable people
Past
Antonio Lussich (1848-1928), sailor, writer and naturalist
Arturo Lussich (1872-1966), physician and politician
Raúl Sendic (1926-1989), politician and guerrilla leader
Present
Jorge Jukich (born 1943), Olympic cyclist
Raúl Fernando Sendic (born 1962), politician, Vice President of the Republic 2015-2017
See also
Croats
List of Croats
References
External links
Uruguay
European Uruguayan
Ethnic groups in Uruguay
Immigration to Uruguay
Croatia–Uruguay relations
is a former Japanese football player. They played for Japan national team.
Club career
Hasegawa was born in Uji on 11 February 1969. After graduating from Osaka University of Economics, they joined Japan Soccer League club Honda in 1991. In 1992, they moved to J1 League club Kashima Antlers. They mainly played as regular player in the 1990s. In 2000, the club won all three major title in Japan; J1 League, J.League Cup and Emperor's Cup first time in J.League history. The club won the champions J1 League 4 times, J.League Cup 3 times and Emperor's Cup 2 times. They retired in July 2003.
National team career
On 15 February 1995, Hasegawa debuted for Japan national team against Australia. They were also selected Japan in 1996. They played 6 games for Japan until 1996.
Club statistics
National team statistics
References
External links
Japan National Football Team Database
1969 births
Living people
Osaka University of Economics alumni
Association football people from Kyoto Prefecture
Japanese footballers
Japan international footballers
Japan Soccer League players
J1 League players
Honda FC players
Kashima Antlers players
Association football forwards
Charles Robert Douglas Hardy Andrews (October 19, 1903 – November 11, 1976) was a novelist, screenwriter and radio drama scriptwriter.
Career
Andrews began their career as a reporter for the Chicago Daily News, and edited the newspaper's magazine Midweek. They began writing radio soap operas when the noted producer team of Frank and Anne Hummert were impressed by Three Girls Lost, a work of serial fiction they had written for the Chicago Daily News. Andrews wrote the story in seven days, on a bet, writing 15,000 words per day. Three Girls Lost was later published as a novel, and was the basis for a 1931 movie of the same title, directed by Sidney Lanfield and starring Loretta Young and John Wayne. Their novel Windfall: A Novel about Ten A Million Dollars was the basis for the 1932 movie If I Had a Million, starring Gary Cooper and Charles Laughton, and Andrews was credited for the story and/or screenplay of 46 other movies over the next 30 years, including Bataan, The Cross of Lorraine, Girls of the Road and Salute to the Marines.
Andrews wrote many of the Hummerts' early radio soap operas, beginning with The Stolen Husband, and including Just Plain Bill, Judy and Jane and Ma Perkins. Andrews also wrote daytime radio serials for children, including Skippy, sponsored by General Mills, which helped make Wheaties cereal a household word. They were a prolific writer, for years averaging over 100,000 words of material per week. In one 20-hour period, they wrote 32,000 words. At their peak, they were writing seven daily radio dramas at the same time. They wrote from noon to midnight, seven days a week, smoking as many as five packs of cigarettes a day and drinking 40 cups of coffee. For Just Plain Bill alone, they wrote 2,600 scripts over a ten-year period. One time a week of air-mailed scripts for Just Plain Bill were lost in a plane crash and they had no copies, so they dictated a new script for a show over the telephone and a stenographer typed it out while the show was on the air, delivering it to the actors page by page.
Television
They were a consultant on the CBS television series The Millionaire, which had the same premise as If I Had a Million. Between 1954 and 1970, they wrote scripts for episodes of eight other television series, including Thriller and Death Valley Days.
Bibliography
Books
Windfall: A Novel about Ten A Million Dollars (1930)
Three Girls Lost (1930)
One Girl Found (1930)
Burning Gold (1945)
Legend of a Lady: The Story of Rita Martin (1949)
Great Day in the Morning (1950)
A Corner of Chicago (1963)
Radio
Just Plain Bill
Judy and Jane
Ma Perkins
Skippy
The Stolen Husband
Terry and Mary
References
Further reading
External links
1903 births
1976 deaths
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American male writers
American male novelists
American radio writers
American soap opera writers
American male screenwriters
Screenwriters from Kansas
American male television writers
20th-century American screenwriters
"Insane in the Brain" is a 1993 song by American hip hop group Cypress Hill, released as the first single from their second album, Black Sunday (1993). In addition to hitting number one on the US rap chart, the song also was a mainstream hit, reaching number 19 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1993. It earned a gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America and sold 600,000 copies domestically.
Origins and structure
According to B-Real, the song was actually a diss song aimed at Chubb Rock. The group felt Chubb had ridiculed their style on their 1992 album, I Gotta Get Mine Yo. DJ Muggs credited "Jump Around" by House of Pain, also produced by himself, as a major influence.
The song is built around many samples: a drum break from organist George Semper's cover version of Lee Dorsey's "Get Out of My Life, Woman"; a sample of James Brown grunting from the opening of their song "Say It Loud – I'm Black and I'm Proud"; a sample of the line "insane in the brain" from Cypress Hill's own song "Hole in the Head"; the opening keyboard from Sly and the Family Stone's "Life", a sample of the line "I think I'm going crazy" from the Youngbloods' "All Over the World (La La)" which concludes the track and the most prominent sample throughout the song, a repeating sample of, in which DJ Muggs initially claimed, a pitched blues guitar, although shortly after, they changed their story and claimed that that sound is a horn, as explained below:
Many sources claim that the alleged pitched blues guitar sample was actually a sample of a horse from Mel and Tim's "Good Guys Only Win in the Movies", but during an interview with Sound on Sound in December 2018 on the production techniques used, DJ Muggs refuted the sample:
That's weird, everybody thinks that's a horse, but it isn't. I've seen that a bunch of times on these sample sites. That's a sound I made from a blues guitar pitched. At the time I used to run some sounds through guitar amps. When I heard that horse thing, I was like, 'Oh, that sounds just like it.' Honestly to God, those sample sites get a lot wrong. They have some shit right, but I'll go, 'I never used that.' I don't know where they gather their information. Sometimes, they're spot on, but sometimes, I'm like, 'Yo, you guys are off.'
However, less than two months later in an interview with British newspaper The Guardian, Muggs then claimed the sound effect was made by a horn and not a guitar. This has since caused disbelief that Muggs is telling the truth and that the sample may well be the horse from Mel and Tim's "Good Guys Only Win in the Movies", as Muggs has claimed themselves that they have "a foggy memory when it comes to the samples used on 'Insane in the Brain'" due to the fact that at the time of the song's production, "there was a lot of weed smoked."
In 2008, the song was ranked number 34 on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of Hip Hop.
According to a live interview aired on Double J during a feature of the Black Sunday album,
"insane in the membrane" was a localised gang term used at the time by the Crips when doing something crazy. It was then appropriated into this song. A 2019 interview with The Guardian elaborated further that both Bloods and Crips used a similar phrase as an informal insanity plea upon arrest. The Double-J interview also notes that B-Real was a member of the Bloods.
Critical reception
Jesse Ducker from Albumism described "Insane in the Brain" as a "upbeat, pulsing, almost circus-like track." Larry Flick from Billboard wrote, "One of the hip-hop community's leading acts returns with a slammin' romp. Resting on a beat-bed of loopy samples and nimble scratches, act drops rhymes that are even sharper than on previous efforts. A head-bobbin' midtempo groove leads them into a brain-embedding hook that will help knock down urban and pop radio doors." A reviewer from Music & Media commented, "If you think you're going slightly mad, you haven't heard this Hispanic gangsta rap outfit yet. They drive you nuts, introducing neighing horses as backup singers." Andy Beevers from Music Week rated it three out of five, calling it an "excellent new single from LA's celebrated smokers" and "a tough funky track." They added that "it sounds similar to the House Of Pain hits, but not as commercial." James Hamilton from the magazine's RM Dance Update described it as a "Public Enemy-ish mildly jaunty jolting jiggly roller". Another editor, Richard Russell wrote, "While this covers pretty much the same ground as the debut LP, it will help to satiate the appetite of countless Cypress fans hungry for new material. B-Real's nasal whine is now one of the most distinctive sounds in hip hop, here complaining about "cops trying to snatch their crops". Tom Doyle from Smash Hits gave the song four out of five, saying, "Any single that begins with someone murmuring "Don'tchoo know I'm loco?" is sure to be good." They stated further that Cypress Hill "are the best American rap stars for ages".
Music video
A music video for the track was filmed at San Francisco's DNA Lounge. It was directed by American director Josh Taft and features the group performing at what appears to be a rave, makes heavy use of strobing effects and "psychedelic" colorations, alongside numerous shots of marijuana usage, all of which seemingly corresponds with the album's drug-filled recording process, as described by the group. The video was later published on Cypress Hill's official YouTube channel in October 2009. It has amassed more than 153.9 million views as of October 2021.
Covers
American rock band The Connells covered the song for the 2002 album When Pigs Fly: Songs You Never Thought You'd Hear.
Track listings
UK CD single
"Insane in the Brain" (Radio Edit) – 3:32
"Stoned Is the Way of the Walk" – 2:46
"Something for the Blunted" – 1:15
"Insane in the Brain" (Extended Version) – 4:56
1999 remix CD1
"Insane in the Brain" (Jason Master Blaster Edit) – 4:06
"Insane in the Brain" (Jason Master Blaster Club Mix) – 5:02
"Insane in the Brain" (Da Funky Chunky Mix) – 6:36
1999 remix CD2
"Insane in the Brain" (Nevins' Asylum Edit) – 3:40
"Insane in the Brain" (Nevins' Asylum Club Mix) – 6:06
"Insane in the Brain" (The Funky French B-Boy Remix) – 5:40
Charts
Weekly charts
Jason Nevins Remix
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
[ AllMusic entry]
1993 singles
Cypress Hill songs
Songs about drugs
Songs about mental health
1993 songs
Ruffhouse Records singles
Columbia Records singles
Songs written by DJ Muggs
Songs written by B-Real
Songs written by Sen Dog
Song recordings produced by DJ Muggs
Mile Klopčič (16 November 1905 - 19 March 1984) was a Slovenian poet and translator. Together with Tone Seliškar, they are considered as the foremost representative of Slovene social realist poetry of the 1930s and 1940s.
They were born in the town of L'Hôpital (), France, then part of the German province of Alsace-Lorraine, where their father worked as industrial workers. At the outbreak of World War I, the family moved to the industrial town of Zagorje ob Savi. They attended high school in Ljubljana. In 1920, they joined the Communist Party of Yugoslavia. During the reign of King Alexander I of Yugoslavia, they were imprisoned as a political opponent of the regime. During World War II, they joined the partisan resistance, and became the chairperson of the Commission for Culture in the Slovenian National Liberation Council (SNOS). After the war, they worked mostly as a translator. Among other, they translated works of Heinrich Heine, Pushkin, Lermontov and Korney Chukovsky into Slovene.
Klopčič is most renowned for their pre-World War II poetry, consisting of dry yet highly descriptions of the daily life of minors and industrial workers.
They were the brother of the Communist activist and historian France Klopčič, and father of the film director Matjaž Klopčič and the violinist Rok Klopčič.
1905 births
1984 deaths
People from Moselle (department)
Slovenian poets
Slovenian translators
German–Slovene translators
Russian–Slovene translators
Prešeren Award laureates
Yugoslav Partisans members
Yugoslav communists
Members of the Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts
Presidents of the Slovene Writers' Association
Ethnic Slovene people
20th-century translators
20th-century poets
Paul M. Achleitner (born 28 September 1956, in Linz) is an Austrian business person who has been chairperson of the supervisory board of Deutsche Bank since 31 May 2012.
Education
Achleitner studied Business Administration, Economics, Law and Social Sciences at the University of St. Gallen, where they also earned their doctorate. They were also a visiting fellowship at Harvard Business School from 1982 to 1984.
Career
Achleitner worked for Bain and Company and as the managing director of the German subsidiary of Goldman Sachs. In 2000, Achleitner joined Allianz AG as chief financial officer, where they were primarily responsible for finance and investments. They left Allianz in 2012 after their appointment to the chairperson of the supervisory board of Deutsche Bank. They retained the support of the bank's biggest shareholder, Qatari Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber Al Thani, and, in 2017, shareholders backed Achleitner's re-election to a second five-year term. From 2018 until 2020, they faced for three years in a row a vote to remove them from their post. Through their time in office, they oversaw multiple CEO changes, including Anshu Jain (2012-2015), Jürgen Fitschen (2012-2016), John Cryan (2015-2018) and Christian Sewing (since 2018).
According to various surveys, Achleitner was the highest paid supervisory board head at Germany's 30 biggest listed companies that make up the benchmark DAX index between 2016 and 2018. In August 2019 alson, they bought nearly 1 million euros of the bank's shares. In Munich, they share an office with their wife Ann-Kristin Achleitner, Michael Diekmann, Joachim Faber and Peter Löscher.
Achleitner is an honorary professor of the WHU - Otto Beisheim School of Management in Vallendar, Germany, where they teach a course in investment banking.  They are also head of the Exchange Expert Commission, and a member of the German federal commission for the German Corporate Governance Code.
Other activities
Corporate boards
Bayer AG, Member of the Supervisory Board (since 2002)
Henkel AG & Sons, Member of the Shareholders' Committee (since 2001), Member of the Finance Subcommittee
Daimler, Member of the Supervisory Board (2010-2020)
RWE AG, Member of the Supervisory Board (2000-2013)
Non-profit organizations
Alfred Herrhausen Gesellschaft of Deutsche Bank, Chairman of the Board of Trustees
Bilderberg Group, Treasurer and Member of the Steering Committee
Bocconi University, Member of the International Advisory Council
European Financial Services Roundtable (EFR), Chairman
Brookings Institution, Member of the Board of Trustees (since 2013)
Munich Security Conference, Member of the Advisory Council
Personal life
 They are married to Ann-Kristin Achleitner, a professor of business at Technische Universität München.
References
External links
Resume of Dr. Paul Achleitner
Living people
1956 births
German bankers
Harvard Business School alumni
University of St. Gallen alumni
Members of the Steering Committee of the Bilderberg Group
Austrian emigrants to Germany
People from Linz
Deutsche Bank people
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1706.
Events
April 8 – George Farquhar's Restoration comedy The Recruiting Officer is performed for the first time, at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, in London.
April/May – Philosopher Samuel Clarke attacks the views of Henry Dodwell on the immortality of the soul.
September 13 – Daniel Defoe leaves England for Edinburgh, Scotland, where they act as a government agent to promote ratification of the Treaty of Union.
unknown date – The first translation of the New Testament into the Upper Sorbian language, made by pastor Michał Frencel who dies this year, is published by their son Abraham in Zittau.
New books
Prose
Anonymous – The Arabian Nights' Entertainments (serial, the first English translation of One Thousand and One Nights, taken from the first French translation)
Samuel Clarke – A Discourse Concerning the Unchangeable Obligations of Natural Religion
Stephen Clay – An Epistle from the Elector of Bavaria to the French King
Daniel Defoe
An Essay at Removing National Prejudices Against a Union with Scotland
A True Relation of the Apparition of one Mrs. Veal (attrib)
John Dennis – Essay on the Operas after the Italian Manner
White Kennett – The History of England from the Commencement of the Reign of Charles I to the End of William III
John Locke – Posthumous Works of Mr John Locke
Simon Ockley – Introductio ad linguas orientates
Jonathan Swift – Baucis and Philemon
Matthew Tindal – The Rights of the Christian Church Asserted
Ned Ward – The London Spy
Drama
Thomas Betterton – The Amorous Widow
Susanna Centlivre –
Love at a Venture
The Platonick Lady
Colley Cibber – Perolla and Izadora
Catherine Trotter Cockburn – The Revolution of Sweden
Antoine Danchet – Cyrus
Thomas D'Urfey – Wonders in the Sun (opera)
George Farquhar – The Recruiting Officer
George Granville – The British Enchanters, or No Magic Like Love
Delarivière Manley – Almyna, or The Arabian Vow
Mary Pix (attr.) – Adventures in Madrid
Jean-François Regnard – Le Légataire universel (The Residuary Legatee)
John Vanbrugh – The Mistake
José de Cañizares – El pastelero de Madrigal
Poetry
Richard Blackmore – Advice to the Poets: a poem occasioned by the wonderful success of Them Majesty's arms, under the conduct of the Duke of Marlborough in Flanders
William Congreve – A Pindarique Ode.... The Conduct of the Duke of Marlborough
Daniel Defoe
Caledonia
A Hymn to Peace
Jure Divino (on divine right)
The Vision (on national union)
John Dennis – The Battle of Ramillia
John Philips – Cerealia: An imitation of Milton
Matthew Prior – The Squirrel
Thomas Tickell – Oxford
Isaac Watts – Horae Lyricae
Births
January 17 – Benjamin Franklin, American polymath and politician (died 1790)
February 10 – Benjamin Hoadly, English physician and dramatist (died 1757)
November 8 – Johann Ulrich von Cramer, German philosopher and jurist (died 1772)
December 17 – Émilie du Châtelet, French writer and translator (died 1749)
Deaths
January 21 – Adrien Baillet, French critic (born 1649)
February 27 – John Evelyn, English diarist (born 1620)
August 6 – Jean-Baptiste du Hamel, French natural philosopher (born 1624)
December 8 – Abraham Nicolas Amelot de la Houssaye, French historian (born 1634)
December 28 – Pierre Bayle, French encyclopedist and philosopher (born 1647)
unknown dates
John Phillips, English satirist (born 1631)
Rahman Baba, Indian Pashto poet (born 1632)
Guillaume Vandive, French printer and bookseller (born 1680)
References
Years of the 18th century in literature
Sheko may refer to:
Sheko language, Omotic language spoken by the Sheko people
Sheko (woreda), Southern Nations, Nationalities and Peoples' Region, Ethiopia
Shek O, village in Southern District, Hong Kong
White-eye bream (Ballerus sapa) is a fish species of the family Cyprinidae. It is widespread in many large rivers in Europe and Asia in drainages of the Black Sea, Caspian Sea, and Aral Sea. It was introduced to several rivers in northern Russia, the Rhine (in 1995), and the Vistula drainage system where it is invasive, coming from the Black Sea basin through the Dnieper–Bug Canal. Freshwater fish are up to 35 cm long.
References
External links
white-eye bream
Freshwater fish of Europe
white-eye bream
The 1975-76 French Rugby Union Championship was won by Agen beating Béziers in the final.
Formula
The "elite" (group A) were formed by five pools of eight clubs.
Were 25 the teams of groups A qualified for the knockout stages with seven team coming from group B, also formed by 40 teams.
Both group were arranged in 5 pools of 8 teams.
Qualification round
Group A
The team are here listed in ranking order, in bold, the team qualified.
Group B
The teams qualified are here listed:
Knockout Stages
"Last 32"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1976 lnr.fr
1976
France 1976
Championship
Hans Lundén (born 13 August 1957) is a Swedish water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1957 births
Living people
Swedish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Sweden
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Stockholm
Sperry Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Boonville in Oneida County, east of Boonville.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Musaabad (, also Romanized as Mūsáābād; also known as Mūsīābād and Mussiābād) is a village in Garakan Rural District, in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 336, in 82 families.
References
Populated places in Ashtian County
The 2001 Munster Senior Hurling Championship Final was a hurling match played on 1 July 2001 at Páirc Uí Chaoimh, Cork, County Cork. It was contested by Tipperary and Limerick. Tipperary claimed their first Munster Championship of the decade, beating Limerick on a scoreline of 2–16 to 1–17, a 2-point winning margin.
Overall, this was Tipperary's thirty sixth Munster Senior Hurling Championship title.
Tipperay had defeated Clare in the semi-final by 0–15 to 0–14 to reach the final, while Limerick had defeated Cork by 1–16 to 1–15 in the quarter final and Waterford by 4–11 to 2–14 in the semi-final to reach the final.
The match was screened live by RTÉ as part of The Sunday Game programme.
Match details
References
External links
Highlights of the Match
See also
Limerick–Tipperary hurling rivalry
Munster
Munster Senior Hurling Championship Finals
Hurling in County Limerick
Tipperary GAA matches
Tamar Herzig (born 1975) is an Israeli historian of Early Modern Europe who specializes in religious, social, minorities, and gender history, with a focus on Renaissance Italy.  They are the Konrad Adenauer Professor of Comparative European History at Tel Aviv University and since 2021 also serves as the Vice Dean for Research of the Faculty of Humanities.
Academic career
Herzig was trained at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem. They received their BA in history and philosophy. Them MA in history focused on witchcraft and gender in Renaissance Italy. In 2000-2001 they were one of the first two Israeli George L. Mosse Fellows at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Them PhD was directed by Moshe Sluhovsky [he] and the late Michael Heyd [he]. The dissertation focused on the role of visionary and prophetic women in the reform movement inspired by Girolamo Savonarola in late fifteenth-century and early sixteenth-century Italy. They pursued their postdoctoral research (funded by Yad Hanadiv Foundation) at the Department of Religious Studies at the University of Pennsylvania.
In 2007 Herzig was appointed Senior Lecturer at the Department of History in Tel Aviv University, and since 2019 they are full Professor. In 2008-2009 they were Andrew W. Mellon Fellow at the Huntington Library in California. In 2012, they were elected as a member of the opening group of the (founded by the Israeli Academy of Sciences and Humanities). In 2013 they were awarded a Jean-François Malle one-year fellowship at Villa I Tatti, the Harvard University Center for Italian Renaissance Studies in Florence. In 2014-2021 they served as director of Tel Aviv University's Morris E. Curiel Institute for European Studies. They were the Renaissance Society of America's Discipline Representative for the field of Religion for two terms and has been member of the advisory board of Renaissance Quarterly.  They are a member of the editorial board of the journals Mediterranean Historical Review, of Magic, Ritual, and Witchcraft, of the book series I Tatti Studies in Italian Renaissance History, and of the academic board of the Medici Archive Project. Herzig is also the Vice Chairperson of the Historical Society of Israel.
Research fields
Herzig's main Interests are the religious and gender aspects of early modern European life. They wrote extensively on the Italian Renaissance, the Roman Inquisition, Catholic reform movements, heresy, monastic life, religious conversion, witchcraft, mysticism, and the history of sexuality. Them current work deals with female Jewish slavery in early modern Italy.
Visionary and prophetic women in the Savonarolan Reform movement were the topic of Herzig's first book (2008), which is based on their doctoral thesis, and was published in English and Italian. The book focuses on the religious groups that flourished outside of Florence during the Italian Wars and were inspired by Savonarola's religious ideology. Herzig argues that visionary and prophetic women came to fill key roles as the spiritual leaders of these reformist groups. In spite of Savonarola's earlier critique of women's ecstatic visions, their male disciples in northern Italy allied with reform-minded women who were reputed for sanctity and who shared their commitment to Savonarola's religious legacy. Herzig's book explores the unique conditions that enabled saintly Dominican tertiaries such as Colomba da Rieti, Lucia Brocadelli da Narni, and Caterina da Racconigi to become leading figures in the Savonarolan movement In the decades following Savonarola's execution in 1498. The research traces how the role that women played in the spread of Savonarola's ideology and the initial formation of their cult was erased from the histories of the Savonarolan movement after the Council of Trent and the rise of new ideals of female religiosity.
In their second book “Christ Transformed into a Virgin Woman” (2013), Herzig investigates the fascination expressed by Alsatian Dominican witch-hunter Heinrich Kramer (Institoris), a highly misogynistic inquisitor, for the somatic spirituality of Lucia Brocadelli da Narni and several other Italian ‘living saints'. Them reconstruction of Kramer's life in this book is based on a close reading of some of their lesser-known writings, notably the Sancte Romane ecclesie fidei defensionis clippeum adversus Waldensium seu Pikardorum heresim (A Shield to Defend the Holy Roman Church against the Heresy of the Pikards or Waldensians, from 1501), and on new archival findings regarding their ties with Dominican inquisitors and female mystics in northern Italy. The book reveals the connection between the characterization of diabolic witchcraft as a feminine practice and the spread of the fame of sanctity of pious Italian women mystics to other parts of Europe. A connection which manifested on the eve of the Reformation in the relation between works such as Kramer's notorious demonological work, the ‘Malleus Maleficarum' (Hammer of Witches) and the presence of pious women mystics who were renowned for the physical manifestations of their holiness. Herzig argues that the connection was closely related to severe concerns regarding dissenting religious groups led by heterodox male thinkers, such as the Hussite sub-sects that proliferated in Bohemia and Moravia in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries, as well as to the growing fear of the rival religions, namely Judaism and Islam.
Herzig's most recent book “A Convert's Tale” (2019) analyzes the complex dynamics of Jewish apostasy in northern Italy during the High Renaissance. “A Convert's Tale” is a Microhistoric study of the life of Salomone da Sesso/Ercole de' Fedeli, one of the most famous Jewish artists of the Italian Renaissance, who in 1491 was compelled to accept baptism. The book offers a social history of conversion based on a vast array of archival documents that reconstruct the events leading to the conversion of an entire Jewish family. Then, the book follows the repercussions that conversion entailed for the various members of the family, tracing the changing circumstances of the family for three more decades after the theatrical staging of their baptism in Ferrara's cathedral. The book explores questions of religious identity, the policing of sexuality, social mobility, and their interplay with artistic patronage, aesthetic creativity, and the material culture that became a hallmark of Italian courts during the High Renaissance.
Herzig's latest publication unpacked a 1610 case of a multiple perpetrator rape of enslaved female Jews in Livorno. The article argues that the assault was a part of a business strategy of high ranking state officials. The rape of female slaves by other enslaved men was used as a means of increasing the slavers' profits by pressuring the affluent Jewish community in Livorno to pay increasing rates for the redemption of captive Jewish women. Following the publication the case received attention in multipole countries' media outlets.
Publications
Books
Savonarola's Women: Visions and Reform in Renaissance Italy. Chicago: The University of Chicago Press, 2008.
Le donne di Savonarola: Spiritualità e devozione nell' Italia del Rinascimento. Rome: Carocci Editore, 2014.
‘Christ Transformed into a Virgin Woman': Lucia Brocadelli, Heinrich Institoris, and the Defense of the Faith. Rome: Edizioni di Storia e Letteratura, 2013.
A Convert's Tale: Art, Crime and Jewish Apostasy in Renaissance Italy. Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 2019.
ההומניזם ותרבות הרנסאנס באיטליה כרך ג' בסדרה "על סף העת החדשה: אירופה 1350-1660" (רעננה: האוניברסיטה הפתוחה, 2014).
Edited books
Dissimulation and Deceit in Early Modern Europe [co-edited with Miriam Eliav-Feldon]. Houndmills: Palgrave Macmillan, 2015.
Knowledge and Religion in Early Modern Europe: Studies in Honor of Michael Heyd [co-edited with Asaph Ben-Tov and Yaacov Deutsch]. Leiden: Brill, 2013.
Ebraismo e cristianesimo in Italia tra '400 e '600: Confronti e convergenze [co-edited with Luca Baraldi and Gabriella Zarri]. Special issue of Archivio Italiano per la Storia della Pietà 25 (2012).
Prizes
In July 2022 their article “Slavery and Interethnic Sexual Violence: A Multiple Perpetrator Rape in Seveneeenth-Century Livorno” was announced article of the month of The Mediterranean Seminar.
In 2021 Herzig was awarded the Israel Institute for Advanced Studies' Michael Bruno Memorial Award for Groundbreaking Research for their work on Renaissance Italy and its contribution to the study of premodern history.
In 2021, they were awarded Honorable Mention by the Renaissance Society of America's Phyllis Goodhart Gordan Book Prize in Renaissance Studies for “A Convert's Tale”.
In 2020, Herzig won the American Historical Association's Dorothy Rosenberg Book Prize for the best book on the history of the Jewish Diaspora for “A Convert's Tale”.
In 2019, Herzig won the Kadar Award for Outstanding Research for their work on religious conversion in early modern Italy.
Elected member of the Opening Group of the Young Academy of Israel, founded by the Israeli Academy of Sciences and Humanities (2012-16).
References
External links
Tamar Herzig Page on Tel Aviv University
Interview on The New Books Network on Herzig's book 'A Convert's Tale'
Interview on the occasion of winning the Kadar Family Award
Reviews of Tamar Herzig's “A Convert's Tale” 1, 2, 3.
Magazine review of "A Convert's Tale".
Tel Aviv University faculty
1975 births
Living people
Israeli historians
Hebrew University of Jerusalem alumni
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Allen-Oakwood Correctional Institution, a prison in Ohio
Anglican Orthodox Church International
Airports Operators Council International, the American regional office of Airports Council International (ACI).
Opisthotropis durandi, Durand's mountain stream snake, is a species of natricine snake found in Laos.
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 2014
Reptiles of Laos
The Church of St Mary the Virgin, Deane, is an Anglican parish church in Deane, Bolton, Greater Manchester, England. It is a member of Deane deanery in the archdeaconry of Bolton, diocese of Manchester. It is a Grade II* listed building.
History
The church of St Mary is situated in the old township of Rumworth on high ground above the Church Brook, the Saxon Kirkbroke, which flows through Deane Clough to the River Croal. St Mary, or St Mariden was a chapel of ease of St Mary in Eccles before becoming the mother church of the ancient ecclesiastical parish of Deane which was formed from the northern part of the parish of Eccles and takes its name from Deane Clough, the narrow wooded valley close to the west of the church. The church originated as a 14th-century structure consisting of a nave and chancel with a steeply pitched roof and a western tower which has since been considerably enlarged and altered.
Structure
The oldest part of the church is the 14th century west tower which belonged to the older church on the site. The church is built of rough wall-stones with embattled parapets to the chancel, nave, and aisles. It has three crocketed pinnacles at the east end. The windows have rounded uncusped heads to the lights and the clerestory has an almost continuous line of square-headed three-light windows. The chancel has a seven-light pointed east window. The chancel and nave are under a continuous flat-pitched oak panelled roof from 1884 following the lines of the older structure.
In the early 15th century the church was extended by adding a new chancel and later widened by adding the north aisle. Sometime later the church was again extended by adding a third bay, and the south side rebuilt with three arches. The 14th-century nave was pulled down in the early 16th century when a new nave arcade and the clerestory were built. The chancel was extended by in 1884 and an organ chamber added in 1887.
Measured internally the chancel is long by 19 feet 6 inches wide and the nave 71 feet 6 inches by 20 feet 9 inches. The north aisle is wide, with an organ chamber at the east and vestry at the west end. The south aisle is wide with a south porch. The tower is square.
Churchyard
Notable interments include Thomas and Joseph Rowland Heaton, the founders of Lostock Junction Mills.
Other graves include the war graves of 43 service personnel, 15 of World War I and 28 of World War II. There all also 27 graves of victims of the 1910 Pretoria Pit Disaster.
The churchyard also contains a memorial to the Protestant martyr George Marsh which originally stood half a mile to the west of the church on New York Road. Inscriptions on its base record their martyrdom and the erection of the memorial in 1893.
There is also an outdoor stone-built pulpit.
See also
Grade II* listed buildings in Greater Manchester
Listed buildings in Bolton
List of churches in Greater Manchester
Hulton family
References
External links
The History of Deane Parish Church
St Mary the Virgin graves
Deane
Deane
Deane
Saint Mary the Virgin's Church, Deane
Builth Wells Hospital () was a heath facility in Bronllys, Wales. It was managed by Powys Teaching Health Board.
History
The hospital, which was designed by Telfer Smith, opened as Builth Wells Cottage Hospital in 1897. The hospital joined the National Health Service in 1948. After the Glan-Irfon Health & Social Care Centre opened in the town, the hospital closed in 2013. The old hospital site was subsequently acquired by Wales & West Housing for redevelopment for residential use.
References
Hospitals in Powys
Hospitals established in 1897
1897 establishments in Wales
Hospital buildings completed in 1897
Defunct hospitals in Wales
The men's 60 kg competition in judo at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro was held on 6 August at the Carioca Arena 2.
The gold and silver medals were determined by a single-elimination tournament, with the winner of the final taking gold and the loser receiving silver. Judo events awarded two bronze medals. Quarterfinal losers competed in a repechage match for the right to face a semifinal loser for a bronze medal (that is, the judokas defeated in quarterfinals A and B competed against each other, with the winner of that match facing the semifinal loser from the other half of the bracket).
The medals for the competition were presented by Paul Tergat, Kenya, member of the International Olympic Committee and the gifts were presented by Manuel Larrañaga, vice president of the International Judo Federation.
Results
Finals
Repechages
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Pool D
References
External links
M60
Judo at the Summer Olympics Men's Extra Lightweight
Men's events at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Rugrats: Castle Capers is a single-player platform game developed by Software Creations and published by THQ and was released only for the Game Boy Advance, based on the Rugrats cartoon series. The story revolves around the Rugrats, who must retrieve their toys from Angelica after they steal them, imagining themselves to be queen of a newly constructed playground set. Gameplay is very similar to the gameplay of Rugrats: Royal Ransom and shares the same plot, released a year later.
References
2001 video games
Game Boy Advance games
Game Boy Advance-only games
Rugrats and All Grown Up! video games
Single-player video games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
THQ games
Klasky Csupo video games
Marynin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Brown Book is a document created by the Manitoba government containing suggested fines for various offences against the Acts of the government, including the Highway Traffic Act.
For example, the Brown Book lists the following suggested fines:
for speeding
10 km/h over the limit, the fine is 181.50 Canadian dollars
for failing to display the correct number and type of number plates (licence plates) - i.e. front licence plate - 111.10 Canadian dollars.
The Brown Book is available online as a PDF at .
References
Law of Canada
Uganda National Congress (UNC) was the first political party in Uganda.
UNC formed
Formed on Sunday 2 March 1952, Ignatius Kangave Musaazi was its first President, and Abubaker Kakyama Mayanja the party's first Secretary General. Apollo K. Kironde was the legal advisor to the party.
Six founding figures
The six men who founded the party were: Ignatius Kangave Musaazi (Buganda), Abubakar Kakyama Mayanja (Buganda), Stefano Abwangoto (Bugisu), Ben Okwerede (Teso), Yekosofati Engur (Lango) and S.B. Katembo (Toro).
UNC conceived at Musajjalumbwa's house
The UNC was conceived at Musajjalumbwa's house located on what is now Musajjalumbwa Road, near the Lubiri (Kabaka's palace), at Mengo. In 1951, Ignatius Musaazi rented part of the ground floor of Musajjalumbwa's house, a house of the late Yakobo Musajjalumbwa, who was a Treasurer (Omuwanika) in the Buganda Kingdom. At this house, a lot of work was done which resulted in the creation of the UNC. The party did much to help achieve Uganda's independence from Great Britain on Tuesday 9 October1962.
UNC involvement in the struggle for independence in Africa
The UNC was involved in the struggle for independence in Africa. In Cairo (Egypt) John Kale represented the UNC and co-ordinated the struggle for the independence of African Countries. Abu Mayanja and John Kale established a UNC office in Cairo to link up with contacts all over the world in order to assist freedom fighters in Africa.
The Secretary General of the UNC, Abu Mayanja, used their close relationship with the then Chinese leader Mao Tse-tung and Prime Minister Zhou Enlai, to secure support for African freedom fighters involved in the struggle for independence in Africa.
The UNC received £500,000 from China, as well as a modern printing press for the UNC from Italy. The printing press was installed in offices of two Ugandan newspapers at the time, namely The Uganda Post and The Uganda Express, which were based at Kololo in Kampala.
Other political parties formed in Uganda
Following the birth of the UNC, other political parties were formed. In 1956, DP (Democratic Party) was formed. In March 1960, UPC - Uganda People's Congress party was formed.
After the 1958 general election in Uganda, seven unaffiliated members of the Uganda Legislative Council (which was in effect Parliament in those colonial days), formed the Uganda People's Union.
Split in the UNC
In 1960 there was a split in the UNC party: there was a Musaazi faction and an Apollo Milton Obote-led faction. The Uganda People's Union together with the Obote-led faction of the UNC, got together and formed a new party, the Uganda People's Congress (UPC) in March 1960.
The DP and UPC parties became major political parties in Uganda. The UNC became less of a force, mainly because DP became popular and a new party emerged: Kabaka Yekka party (KY).
References
1952 establishments in Uganda
Defunct political parties in Uganda
Political parties established in 1952
Socialism in Uganda
Socialist parties in Africa
The Dirge in Psara is a painting by Nikiforos Lytras, dated 1888. The painting is an oil on canvas with dimensions of 97 x 140 centimeters. It is part of the collection of the National Gallery, in Athens.
Analysis
The scene shows a family mourning for a lost sailor.
This is one of the most well-known paintings of Lytras Nikiforos. The common people's customs and their life incidents was a source of inspiration to the painter.
The relatives mourn for the lost sailor. They are sitting solemnly, in silence, around their fez. The dull colours, the organization of the interior of the place, and faces indistinct of characteristics express the inner crush of the people as well as the surrounding atmosphere of grief and mourning.
The painting, "The Dirge in Psara", belongs to the era of maturity of Lytras (1888) and, beyond the moral-forming element of mourning, it presents the absent sailor, who is lost forever to the bottom of the sea. This requires a great deal of mental ability and courage for a 19th-century painter to represent the mute void, which replaces a body, with the exception of the red fez. It is yet more tragic the mute mourning of the women at the bright left side of the painting and of the elderly at the dark right side of the threadbare place. The painter's will to symbolize is evident in one more detail: the fallen stool, which represents the end, death.
References
1888 paintings
Psara
José Gabriel Lopes da Silva, also known as Gabriel Mariano (May 18, 1928 in Ribeira Grande – February 18, 2002 in Lisbon, Portugal), was a Cape Verdean poet, novelist, and an essayist.
They studied at São Joaquim and graduated as director in Lisbon. They returned to Cape Verde 1950 where they participated in the creation of the magazine Restoration (with Jorge Pedro Barbosa and others), the Cultural Supplement (with Carlos Alberto Monteiro and others) and Boletim Cabo Verde (Cabo Verde Bulletin). Their cultural activity brought them to the attention of the local governor and they were deported to Mozambique.
They published poems, novels and essays, in Portuguese and Cape Verdean Creole.
After independence, they returned to Cape Verde. They wrote Vida e Morte de João Cabafume in 1976 which won the African Literary Award, an essay on Capeverdean culture in 1991 and a poetic anthology named Ladeira Grande in 1993. They spent the remainder of their life in Portugal, they died on February 28, 2002.
Some of their poems are in the Tertúlia collection of poems which were also made by other poets.
One of their poem can be found on the CD Poesia de Cabo Verde e Sete Poemas de Sebastião da Gama (2007) by Afonso Dias
 They are not the same but could be related to another poet who was born in the island of São Nicolau, José Lopes da Silva (January 15, 1872- September 2, 1962 in Mindelo), they were also a professor and a journalist.
Works
A Mestiçagem: seu papel na formação da sociedade caboverdeana (an essay published in "Suplemento Cultural", 1958)
Do Funco ao Sobrado ou o Mundo que o Mulato Criou (a published essay in "Colóquios Caboverdeanos", 1959)
12 Poemas de Circunstâncias (12 Poems of Circumstances) (1965)
Amor e partida na poesia crioula de Eugénio Tavares ou inquietação amorosa
Capitão Ambrósio (Captain Ambrósio)
Inquietação e serenidade. Aspectos da insularidade na poesia de Caboverde
Nome de casa e nome de igreja
O Rapaz Doente (1963)
Osvaldo Alcântara — O Caçador de heranças ou inquietação social
Uma Introdução à Poesia de Jorge Barbosa (An Introduction Of Poetry From Jorge Barbosa)
Vida e Morte de João Cabafume (Via Editora, 1976), won the African Literary Award
Cultura Caboverdeana (Capeverdean Culture) (essays, Vega, 1991)
Ladeira Grande (poetic anthology, editora Vega, 1993)
Notes
References
''The first version of the article is translated and is based from the article at the Portuguese Wikipedia (Main Page)
1928 births
2002 deaths
Cape Verdean essayists
Cape Verdean novelists
Cape Verdean poets
People from Santo Antão, Cape Verde
20th-century poets
20th-century novelists
20th-century essayists
Alhaji Ali (also Ali bin Umar) was Mai (ruler) of the Bornu Empire, in what is now the African states of Chad, Nigeria, and Niger, from 1639 to around 1680. Ali succeeded their father Umar in 1639 and had a relatively long reign. During the early years of their reign, the empire was threatened with incursions from its neighbors, the Tuareg in the north and the Kwararafa in the south. They were able to hold both forces at bay and finally defeated them in 1668. After their victory, they consolidated their kingdom, controlling the vital trans-Saharan trade routes, and rekindling Islamic teaching in the empire.  They are remembered for their piety, constructing four mosques and making three Hajj pilgrimages to Mecca.
References
H. J. Fisher. "The Sahara and the Central Sudan" in The Cambridge History of Africa: From c.1600 to c.1790. Richard Gray, J. D. Fage, Roland Anthony Oliver, eds. Cambridge University Press, (1975)
17th-century monarchs in Africa
Rulers of the Bornu Empire
17th-century Nigerian people
Ercolania kencolesi is a species of sacoglossan sea slug, a shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Limapontiidae.
This sea slug lives on the alga Boergesenia forbesii and also within its tubes. It also feed on this alga.
References
Limapontiidae
The House of Matsch, also written Maetsch, Mätsch, Metsch or Mazzo (Italian) is an old Swiss-Austrian noble family. Their origin is uncertain; they may have come from the Upper Valtellina from the village of Mazzo or may have been a sideline of the lords of Tarasp. The seats of the lords of Matsch were the castles of Obermatsch and Untermatsch in the Matscher Tal (Matsch Valley, Val di Mazia). Later they captured the Churburg at Schluderns in the Vinschgau (Venosta) valley and turned that into their main residence. For a time the lords of Matsch were one of the most powerful noble families in the Vinschgau and in present-day Graubünden.
Important members of the family
Egino I of Matsch (1160–1192)
Arnold of Matsch, Bishop of Chur (1210–1221)
Elizabeth of Matsch (died after 1443), later widow of Frederick VII, the last Count of Toggenburg
Gaudenz of Matsch (1436–1504)
References
Literature
Justinian Ladurner, Die Vögte von Matsch, später auch Grafen von Kirchberg, in: Zeitschrift des Ferdinandeums für Tirol und Vorarlberg, 1st Section: Issue 16 (1871), pp. 5–292; 2nd Section: Issue 17 (1872), pp. 1–235; 3rd Section: Issue 18 (1874), pp. 7–158.
External links
Historisches Lexikon Bayerns: Kirchberg, Grafen von (Sarah Hadry)
Swiss noble families
Austrian noble families
People from Graubünden
History of Graubünden
Yi Jong-jang (; 1544 – 1592) was a Korean magistrate and military official who fought at the Battle of Chungju during the first of the Japanese Invasions of Korea in 1592.
Life
Yi Jong-jang was born in 1544. Their family, the Hongju Lee clan, has its ancestral seat in present-day Hongseong, South Chungcheong Province. Their father was Yi Han (). From early childhood, Yi Jong-jang was known for their filial piety.
After passing the military service examination (무과; 武科) in 1569 (Seonjo Year 2), they were recommended by Chief State Councillor Yi Sanhae () for higher military service in 1589. In 1591, they were charged by the Office of the Censors () to Sinchon County ().
The following year, at the onset of the invasion, they were appointed the Chungju District Magistrate and Auxiliary Defense Commander (Hangul: 충주목사 겸 조방장; Hanja: 忠州牧使兼助防將) in Chungcheong Province. There, they aided General Sin Rip (), General Yi Il (), and others in the effort to stop the advance of Konishi Yukinaga's First Division to Seoul.
During Konishi's rapid movement from Sangju toward Chungju, General Sin made the decision to fight a battle on the plains before Chungju Castle rather than at the Joryeong Pass. The Korean forces were arrayed on and around a hill known as Tangeumdae at the confluence of the
Dalcheon and Han Rivers. On June 5 (1592.4.27 Lunar) Magistrate Yi and General Yi sent scouts to reconnoiter the Japanese forces blocking the road at the Danwol Post Station. On June 6 (1592.4.28 Lunar), Konishi's First Division assaulted the Korean positions. In the ensuing battle, Yi Jong-jang died along with their son, Yi Hui-rip (). Yi Jong-jang was posthumously named Mugang ().
Popular culture
Portrayed by Song Hoseop in the 2004-2005 television series Immortal Admiral Yi Sun-sin.
References
1544 births
1592 deaths
Korean military personnel
People of the Japanese invasions of Korea (1592–1598)
16th-century Korean people
Ashur-nirari V (Neo-Assyrian cuneiform: , meaning "Ashur is my help") was the king of the Neo-Assyrian Empire from 755 BC to their death in 745 BC. Ashur-nirari was a son of Adad-nirari III (811–783 BC) and succeeded their brother Ashur-dan III as king. They ruled during a period of Assyrian decline from which few sources survive. As such their reign, other than broad political developments, is poorly known.
At this time, the Assyrian officials were becoming increasingly powerful relative to the king, and Assyria's enemies were growing more dangerous. An unusually small share of Ashur-nirari's reign was devoted to campaigns against foreign enemies, perhaps suggesting domestic political instability within Assyria. In 746 or 745 BC, there are records of a revolt in Nimrud, the Assyrian capital. Ashur-nirari was succeeded by Tiglath-Pileser III, either their son or brother, but it is unclear in what manner. Though it is traditionally assumed that Tiglath-Pileser deposed Ashur-nirari, it is also possible that it was a smooth and legitimate succession, or that for a brief time they were co-rulers.
Reign
Ashur-nirari V was a son of Adad-nirari III (811–783 BC). They succeeded their brother Ashur-dan III as king of Assyria in 755. Ashur-nirari ruled during an obscure period in Assyrian history, from which little information survives. As a result, their reign is poorly known. During this obscure time, the Neo-Assyrian Empire experienced a period of decline. In particular, the power of the king themselves was being threatened due to the emergence of extraordinarily powerful officials, who, while they accepted the authority of the Assyrian monarch, in practice acted with supreme authority and began to write their own cuneiform inscriptions concerning building and political activities, similar to those of the kings. Such inscriptions by officials are more common from this time than inscriptions from the kings themselves. At the same time, the enemies of Assyria grew stronger and more serious. This period of Assyrian decline, for instance, coincided with the peak of the northern Kingdom of Urartu.
Inscriptions from after Ashur-nirari's reign that mention them include the Assyrian King List (from which the length of their reign is known) and a later list of eponyms (year names, typically including the name of an official and a significant event) that include the eponyms of their reign. Contemporary inscriptions that mention Ashur-nirari include an inscription by Sarduri II of Urartu, wherein Sarduri claims to have defeated Ashur-nirari in battle. A fragmentary copy of a treaty between Ashur-nirari and Mati'ilu, king of Arpad, also survives. Also known is a fragmentary description, the only known inscription written under Ashur-nirari himself, which records the grant of lands and tax exemption to the official Marduk-sarra-usur by Ashur-nirari following Marduk-sarra-usur having distinguished themselves in a battle. Marduk-sarra-usur might be the same individual as a man of the same name mentioned in the eponym of 784 BC. Based on the list of eponyms, Ashur-nirari's reign was lackluster from a military perspective. The king is recorded to have stayed "in the land" (i.e. not campaigned) for almost every year of their reign, save for only three years. In 755 BC, the year of their accession, they campaigned against Arpad and in 748–747, they campaigned against the city of Namri in Urartu. It is probably from the conclusion of the 755 BC campaign that the treaty with Mati'ilu comes from. Almost all of the surviving portions of this treaty is made up of curses against Mati'ilu. It was customary for an Assyrian king to campaign every year which means that Ashur-nirari staying in Assyria could be a sign of domestic instability. Most Assyrian kings also undertook building projects, but no construction work conducted under Ashur-nirari V is known.
Succession
Ashur-nirari is generally regarded to have died in 745 BC, as this was the year of their successor Tiglath-Pileser III's accession. The nature of Tiglath-Pileser's rise to the throne is not clear, particularly because ancient sources give conflicting accounts of their lineage. The Assyrian King List states that Tiglath-Pileser was the son of Ashur-nirari V, but in their own inscriptions Tiglath-Pileser claimed to be the son of Adad-nirari III and thus Ashur-nirari's brother. Given that there are records of a revolt in Nimrud, the capital of the Assyria, in 746/745 BC, and that Tiglath-Pileser in their inscriptions attributes their rise to the throne as a result of divine selection rather than their royal ancestry, they are typically assumed to have usurped the throne from Ashur-nirari.
In their 2016 PhD thesis, the historian Tracy Davenport advanced the hypothesis that Tiglath-Pileser may have succeeded entirely legitimately and had even briefly been co-ruler with Ashur-nirari. Davenport based this idea primarily on oddities in the sequence of eponyms under Tiglath-Pileser, an unusual horizontal line in the list of eponyms after 744 BC (which might mark Ashur-nirari's death) and the Assyrian King List giving Ashur-nirari a reign lasting 10 years. Since the Assyrians counted reign lengths from the first full year of a king, Ashur-nirari's first year was reckoned to be 754 BC which means they would have ruled for 10 years only if they died in 744 BC. The Assyrian King List is however not without known errors and there are for some earlier kings discrepancies between different versions of the list.
References
Sources
745 BC deaths
8th-century BC Assyrian kings
Year of birth unknown
Brogan Group is an international group of access companies operating in the UK, Ireland, Saudi Arabia and the UAE. The company was founded by James Brogan in the late 80s and is now among the largest specialist access companies within the countries it operates. With Headquarters near London in the United Kingdom, offices in Dublin & Mayo in Ireland, Dubai in the UAE and Riyadh in Saudi Arabia. The companies services are supplied to the majority of the top companies in the construction industry which include scaffolding, construction hoists, common towers, mast climbers, crane decks and cradles. In April 2020, Brogan group won the Queen's Award for Enterprise, business success.
Services
Brogan Group provide access to a range of construction projects, including airports, hospitals, schools, roads, office blocks, shopping centres, high rise apartments, bridges, railways, historic and listed buildings.
Major projects
Brogan Group have provided access for construction projects internationally:
Battersea Power Station, London (ongoing)
Museum of the Future, Dubai (Completed in 2019)
Jumeirah Beach Hotel, Dubai (Completed in 2018, recipient of an RIBA National Award in 2019)
20 Fenchurch Street, London (Completed in 2014)
Capital Gate ‘Splash', Dubai (Completed in 2010)
Heathrow Terminal 5 (Completed in 2008)
West Tower, (Liverpool completed in 2008)
The Beetham Tower, Manchester (completed in 2007)
Kileen Castle (completed in 2005)
the Elm Park development (completed in 2004)
The Regent's Quarter re-development at Kings Cross (completed in 2002)
Ha'penny Bridge (completed in 2001)
Royal Opera House (completed in 2000)
References
Construction and civil engineering companies of the United Kingdom
Construction companies based in London
2008 establishments in England
British companies established in 2008
Construction and civil engineering companies established in 2008
The 17th NKP Salve Challenger Trophy was an Indian domestic cricket tournament that was held in Nagpur from 10 October to 13 October 2011. The series involved the domestic teams from India which were India Blue, India Red, and India Green. India Red and India Green were declared as joint winners, after the final ended in a tie.
Squads
Points Table
Matches
Group stage
Final
References
Indian domestic cricket competitions
The pale-eyed thrush (Turdus leucops) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae.
Taxonomy
Its genus is controversial. Some taxonomists place this species in the genus Platycichla based on morphology. The South American Classification Committee of the American Ornithologists' Union places it in the genus Turdus, as does the International Ornithological Committee.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Guyana, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Further reading
pale-eyed thrush
Birds of the Northern Andes
Birds of Venezuela
pale-eyed thrush
pale-eyed thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
James Bryson Baird (March 6, 1859 – November 6, 1939) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada. They served in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1907 to 1922, and was Speaker of the Assembly from 1916 to 1922. Baird was a member of the Liberal Party.
Baird was born in Appleton, Canada West (now Ontario), and educated at Appleton Public School. They later moved to Manitoba, and worked as a merchant and cattle dealer. They were elected as the first mayor of Pilot Mound, Manitoba, and served three successive terms without opposition. They were also a postmaster and president of the local Board of Trade, and served eight years as chairperson of the public school board.
They first ran for the Manitoba legislature in a by-election held on April 27, 1905 to replace former Liberal leader Thomas Greenway in the Mountain constituency. They lost to Conservative Daniel A. McIntyre by 146 votes.
Baird ran again in the 1907 provincial election, and defeated McIntyre by 433 votes. Rodmond Roblin's Conservatives were returned with a majority government in this election, and Baird sat as an opposition member. They were re-elected by fairly comfortable margins in the elections of 1910 and 1914.
In 1915, the Roblin government was forced to resign amid a corruption scandal. Another election was called, which the Liberals won with a landslide majority. Baird was selected as Speaker of the Legislature on January 6, 1916.
The Liberals were reduced to a minority government in the 1920 provincial election, and Baird was re-elected over their Farmer opponent by a reduced majority. They received a second term as Speaker on February 10, 1921.
The Liberal government was defeated in the legislature in early 1922. Baird lost their seat to Charles Cannon of the United Farmers of Manitoba in the 1922 provincial election.
See also
Politics of Canada
References
1859 births
1939 deaths
Speakers of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba
People from Pilot Mound, Manitoba
Manitoba Liberal Party MLAs
Mayors of places in Manitoba
Ambrosius Francken I (1544–1618) was a Flemish painter known for their religious works and historical allegories painted in a late Mannerist style. They were a prominent member of the Francken family of artists, which played a very important role in the Flemish art scene from the late 16th to middle 17th century.
Life
Ambrosius Francken I was born in Herentals. Their father was the painter Nicolaes Francken from Herentals who later moved to Antwerp. Their brothers Frans Francken I and Hieronymus Francken I both became successful painters. Ambrosius studied under their father and the leading Antwerp Mannerist painter Frans Floris. The early biographer Karel van Mander reports in the Schilder-boeck that Francken spent time in Tournai where they lived at the Bishop's residence. Van Mander met them in Tournai while they themselves was residing there as a young pupil at their master Pieter Vlerick's house. In 1570 Francken spent some time in Fontainebleau.
Around 1573 Ambrosius Francken I was back in Antwerp where they joined the local Guild of Saint Luke as a master. Ambrosius lived in a very turbulent time due to the conflict between Calvinists and Catholics in the Low Countries. In 1577 Antwerp had elected a Calvinist city council. The council ordered in 1581 the systematic removal of all images from local churches. This event is referred to as the 'silent iconoclasm'. Ambrosius, who is believed to have converted to Calvinism himself, was elected dean of the Guild in 1582. After the Fall of Antwerp, the city became Catholic again and Ambrosius made it known they were Catholic again.
They clearly established a name for themselves as a prolific maker of the many altarpieces that replaced the ones destroyed during the iconoclastic troubles. Their reputation was such that in 1589 they together with Maerten de Vos was appointed by the Ghent magistrate to value the painting of the Last Judgment by Raphael Coxie. Raphael Coxie was involved in a dispute with the Ghent magistrate who they felt was offering a sum that was too low for their masterpiece. Ambrosius Francken and Marten de Vos were also chosen as the chief designers of the decorations for the 1594 Joyous Entry into Antwerp of the newly appointed governor of the Southern Netherlands, Archduke Ernest of Austria.
They married Clara Pickarts and later became the teacher of Hieronymus Francken II, the son of their brother Frans Francken I. They died in Antwerp.
Work
Ambrosius Francken I is known for religious works and historical allegories. They made large altarpieces for churches in Antwerp that replaced the many artworks that had disappeared during the iconoclastic fervour of the Beeldenstorm a few decades before. Their compositions depicting muscular figures based on classical prototypes exercised an important influence on contemporary artists.
Their style shows the influence of Marten de Vos in the opulently draped robes and other details. They occasionally painted the staffage in the landscapes of Abraham Govaerts.
Many of their works that have survived depict martyrdoms, a theme popular in Counter-Reformation Flanders. One of their important commissions was the painting of the triptych for the Guild of Barbers and Surgeons in 1590. One of the wings of the triptych depicts the miracles of the Saints Cosmas and Damian. The saints' most famous miraculous exploit was the grafting of a leg from a recently deceased Ethiopian to replace a patient's ulcered or cancerous leg. Unlike earlier representations of the subject which accentuate the role of the divine by including angels, a halo around the saints' heads and the role of the peaceful sleep of the patient receiving the transplant, Ambrosius' composition dwells more on the technique of the amputation and also shows the patient as a normal person whose face is distorted in pain. The saints have no nimbus and do not have help of angels. They use their own hands and their instruments are lying on the floor and are clearly recognizable. The depiction is more naturalistic than the earlier representations as it discounts the miraculous and makes the technical procedure take centre stage.
During their Calvinist period (roughly 1579 to 1585) Ambrosius was responsible for a set of engravings called The Fate of Mankind that strongly criticised, even ridiculed, the Catholic clergy.
Very few of their drawings have survived. Some drawings of scenes from the commedia dell'arte (including a drawing at the Amsterdam Museum) that are ascribed to Ambrosius I are interesting and show plays that they may have seen while residing in Fontainebleau in the 1570s.
References
External links
Family tree
1544 births
1618 deaths
Flemish Renaissance painters
Flemish history painters
Flemish genre painters
People from Herentals
Ambrosius 1
Bujoreni Monastery (Mănăstirea Magarului) is an Orthodox monastery in Bujoreni forest, Zorleni Commune, Vaslui County, Romania.
The monastic settlement was set up in the 16th–17th centuries (a. 1602), as a convent of the Bujoreanu family, on their property bearing the same name, in a secluded place in the forest.
The legend says that the church was built by the monetary contribution of some shepherds who arrived from the mountains to spend the winter, on the place of an old oak, where a donkey knelt various times, and into the hollow of which was found an icon representing the Virgin Mary and Child. It is said that this icon, capable of performing miracles, was hidden by the monks from the nearby Recea Monastery, which was destroyed during the Tartar incursions around 1440.
The convent's church, patronized by the Dormition of the Virgin Mary, was reconstructed using wood at the end of the 18th century by the chancellor Gavril Conachi, owner of the property, and was rebuilt from the wall by their son, the monk Ioanichie Conachi around 1840. After the death of its founder, the convent was maintained by their niece, Ruxanda Rosnovanu, who inherited the Zorleni and Bujorenii estates. In 1911, the convent was maintained by the Royal House, by the Administration of the Zorleni estate, becoming royal property from 1883. Damaged by the earthquake in 1940, the church was restored, and was in use until 1958, when the convent was deconsecrated. In 1993, monastery status was reinstated. Between 1994–2002, the assembly was completed by new cells and other household dependencies, the precinct being surrounded by a stone fence. Placed in a natural picturesque background and well organized as a household, the monastery may provide services of ecumenical tourism.
The church was renovated in 2001–2002. It keeps the three-apse plan, with a semicircular altar apse and a belfry tower to the west. It shelters the tomb of its founder in a niche in the wall between the nave and narthex.
External links
Bujoreni Monastery
Bujoreni Monastery
Buildings and structures in Vaslui County
Romanian Orthodox monasteries of Moldavia
Churches completed in 1840
19th-century Eastern Orthodox church buildings
Xitole is a sector in the Bafata Region of Guinea-Bissau.
Bafatá Region
Sectors of Guinea-Bissau
Populated places in Guinea-Bissau
Taekwondo is one of the most popular and practiced martial arts in India. It is characterized by punching and kicking techniques, with emphasis on head-height kicks, jumping spinning kicks, and fast kicking techniques. The literal translation for tae kwon do is "kicking," "punching," and "the art or way of."
History
Master Puran Andrew Gurung introduced taekwondo to India after returning from Hong Kong to India. They studied taekwondo under Korean Great Grand Master Lee Pyung Pal from 1969 to 1974. Since 1974 they have been promoting Taekwondo after earning their 2nd Dan under Great Grand Master Lee Pyung Pal. They initially started taekwondo classes in Kalimpong, Darjeeling and Sikkim. Later they expanded their trainings to Kolkata, southern, northeast and northern parts of India. They traveled frequently to every part of India until 1984. They have been conferred the title of "Father of Taekwondo in India" by official taekwondo hall of fame USA.
Taekwondo introduced to India around 1975 and one of the earliest taekwondo instructors in India was Jimmy R. Jagtiani, 8th Dan Black Belt in Taekwondo who began teaching in 1975. On 2 August, 1976 the Taekwondo Federation of India (TFI) was formed and established as a National Body of Taekwondo in India.
The World Taekwondo Federation (WTF) accorded affiliation to the Taekwondo Federation of India in 1978, the Asian Taekwondo Union (ATU) in 1982, the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) in 1985 and the South Asian Taekwondo Federation (SATF) in 1994 respectively. The Department of Youth Affairs & Sports, Government of India also granted recognition to Taekwondo Federation of India as an apex judicial and autonomous national body of taekwondo in India in 1988.
Grand Master Kiranpal, an international referee, has been working for Indian taekwondo since 1988, when for the first time taekwondo was demonstrated at the 1988 Summer Olympics. Atul Pangotra is also an international referee and coach who started their sports journey in 1988. At the 2020 Summer Paralympics, they qualified in the top 50 officials. While, Sarbjeet Singh is the first ever referee from India to officiate in the 2018 World Taekwondo Grand Prix Series and also qualified among top 50 Officials for 2020 Tokyo Paralympics.
Taekwondo practitioners representing India
Latika Bhandari
Latika Bhandari is an Indian taekwondo practitioner. As of June 2021, they are the top-ranked female taekwondo practitioner in India. They were awarded by the Madhya Pradesh Highest Sports award Vikram Award in 2012.
Surendra Bhandari
by clinching a bronze in the flyweight (58-kg) category
Rodali Barua
Rodali usually represents the country in the +73kg weight category and had brought various laurels to the country. They had represented India in the World Taekwondo Championships in Korea in June 2017 and won gold at the 35th National Senior Kyorugi and 8th National Senior Pumche Taekwondo Championships held in Visakhapatnam. Represented India in Asian Games 2018
Kashish Malik
Kashish represented India in the 2018 Asian Games where they crashed out in the quarterfinals. They have bagged medals at various international events like, Malaysia Open G1 Tournament, Asian Games Invitation Tournament, President Cup, Fujairah Open 2018 and Israel Open 2018.
Navjeet Mann
Navjeet Mann is a Taekwondoin based out of Bangalore and has represented India at various international events including the Asian Games 2018, World Championships 2017 and Asian Championship in the year 2016 and 2018. Navjeet's brightest moment under the sun though came in the year 2016 when they bagged a gold medal in the 2016 South Asian Games.
Atul Raghav
Atul Raghav is a Taekwondoin based out of Ghaziabad and has represented India at various national and international events. Atul's brightest moment under the sun though came in the year 2020 when they bagged a bronze medal in the 2020 G-2 Fujairah Dubai. Currently, they are the brand ambassador of Ghaziabad Municipal Corporation.
Aman Kadyan
Aman Kadyan is a Taekwondoin based out of haryana and has represented India at various national and international events. They compete in -54kg and currently holds -18 Rank in the world.
Taekwondo as career in India
Opportunities, Career & future for Taekwondo players / Taekwondoin / Taekwondo practitioners in India are an emerging trend. India is offering wide varieties of career growth for Taekwondo players. In the recent days Taekwondo in India is not only a sport, but it can be taken up as career path & profession.
Tournament record
References
Orthomiella is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are found in the Indomalayan realm and Yunnan in the Palearctic realm.
Species
Orthomiella pontis
Orthomiella rantaizana Wileman, 1910 Taiwan,Thailand, Burma, Laos, Vietnam
Orthomiella sinensis (Elwes, 1887) China, Burma
External links
"Orthomiella de Nicéville in Marshall & de Nicéville, 1890" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and some other life forms
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Lionel de Nicéville
Roy Firth (born ), also known by the nickname of "Bustler", is a former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1960s and 1970s. They played at club level for Dewsbury, Wakefield Trinity (Heritage № 749) (loan), Hull F.C. (Heritage №), Bramley and Featherstone Rovers (Heritage № 527) (loan) as a , i.e. number 9, during the era of contested scrums.
Background
Roy Firth's birth was registered Dewsbury, West Riding of Yorkshire, England.
Playing career
Roy Firth was loaned from Dewsbury to Wakefield Trinity during the early part of the 1968–69 season, they made their début for Wakefield Trinity during September 1968, they played their last match for Wakefield Trinity during the 1968–69 season, they were transferred from Dewsbury to Hull F.C. during early November 1968, they were the fourth Hull F.C. had tried during the 1968–69 season, they were included in the Hull F.C. team to visit their previous club Dewsbury on Saturday 9 November 1968, they made their début for Hull F.C. during the 1968–69 season, they played their last match for Hull F.C. during the 1972–73 season, they were transferred from Hull F.C. to Bramley, they were signed by the Bramley head coach and former Hull F.C. rugby league footballer; Arthur Keegan, they were loaned from Bramley to Featherstone Rovers during November 1974, they made their début for the Featherstone Rovers on Sunday 17 November 1974, and they played their last match for the Featherstone Rovers during December 1974.
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy Final appearances
Roy Firth played in Bramley's 15-7 victory over Widnes in the 1973 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy Final during the 1973–74 season at Naughton Park, Widnes on Tuesday 18 December 1973.
References
External links
Search for "Roy Firth" at britishnewspaperarchive.co.uk
1930s births
Living people
Bramley RLFC players
Dewsbury Rams players
English rugby league players
Featherstone Rovers players
Hull F.C. players
Rugby league hookers
Rugby league players from Dewsbury
Wakefield Trinity players
Year of birth missing (living people)
The World Association of Universities and Colleges (WAUC) is an institutional educational accreditation body not recognized by the United States Department of Education. It is run by Maxine Asher, director of the American World University, an unaccredited school. WAUC's website claims that "laws in the U.S.A. prohibit the recognition of global accreditation associations".
History
According to Maxine Asher's American World University, World Association of Universities and Colleges was started in 1992.
In March 2001, WAUC was reported to be using an executive suite in Henderson, Nevada as its address.
In 2004, Asher was forced to close down the World University of Iowa, a Hawaii-based institution similar to American World University and accredited by World Association of Universities and Colleges. As part of a summary judgement, they were ordered to cease operations, refund tuition money to all students, and pay $240,000 in damages. The action came as part of a statewide crackdown on unaccredited schools, as many had relocated there after 1999 in an effort to evade regulation in the mainland United States. During court proceedings, Asher refused to provide school documentation such as a list of students.
In June 2007, the organization's website listed an address in Beverly Hills, California and WAUC listed 57 accredited schools and 28 nonaccredited "members only" schools. In 2010, it offered accreditation for limited time offer at $500.
As of September 2011, WAUC's website was offline.
In 2012, the World Association of Universities and Colleges claims "a membership of forty universities, with dozens of other worthy institutions in the process of application.".
Schools listed as "accredited" by WAUC
As of 2008, WAUC listed the following as accredited members:
Abbot Institute of Modern Sciences (United Kingdom)
Alhuraa University (Netherlands; operated by Iraqi academics living outside of Iraq)
American Global University School of Medicine
American International University of Learning
American International University of Management and Technology
American Middle East University
American Northeastate University
American University of London
American World University
Arab Open Academy in Denmark
Atlantic National University
Barron University
Bolton International University
Buckingham College (United Kingdom)
California University of Management Science
Cambridge International University (Spain)
Cambridge State University
Central School of Professional Studies
City School of Commerce and Technology (United Kingdom)
City University (located in Pacific time zone; not to confused with the City University of Hong Kong, London, New York, or Seattle)
College of Applied Sciences (United Kingdom)
College of Management and Technology (United Kingdom)
Columbus University
European Business School (California; not to be confused with other schools of the same name)
European University of Lefke
Foundation University (Netherlands; not to be confused with Foundation University of the Philippines)
Freie Und Private Universitaet Sersi (Switzerland)
Hegel International University
Huntington Pacific University
International School of Management (ISM)
International University of America/Management Education Resource Centre (MERC Education Group)
Keller International University
Laureate University (United States and United Kingdom)
Lincoln College of London (United Kingdom)
London College of Technology and Research (United Kingdom) (accreditation in-process)
Madison University (not to be confused with University of Wisconsin–Madison or James Madison University)
Medical University of the Americas Belize
Medical University of the Americas UK
Mist University
Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences
St. John's College (London)
TEC Institute of Management
Thompson International University
Universal Church of the Master
Universal Studies Academy (Gaza, Palestine, Israel)
Universidad Central
Universidad de los Pueblos de Europa (Spain)
Universidad Internacional De Las Américas
Universidad Ortodoxa de las Americas Inc. (Puerto Rico)
Universidad y Seminano Apostilico de las Americas Inc (Puerto Rico)
University of Central Europe (California)
University of Global Religious Studies
University of Health Science
University of James
Van Holland University (The Netherlands)
Virtual American International University
Washington InterContinental University
Wisdom University
York University (Mobile, Alabama) (not to be confused with York University of Toronto or with the University of York)
See also
Accreditation mill
Diploma mill
List of unaccredited institutions of higher learning
List of unrecognized accreditation associations of higher learning
References
External links
Accrediting bodies NOT recognized by the United States Department of Education
Unrecognized accreditation associations
Kola kanda (also known as Kola kandha or Kola kenda) () is a traditional herbal congee or gruel made from raw rice, coconut milk and the fresh juice of medicinally valued leafy greens. The leaves may include gotukola, karapincha, welpenela, iramusu, hatawariya, Polpala, karapincha or ranawara, depending upon the type of ailment that is being sought to prevent or cure. It is usually served at breakfast, steaming hot, with a piece of jaggery (palm sugar) to counter the bitterness of the herbal leaves.
According to ancient texts, including the Dīpavaṃsa and Mahāvaṃsa, the habit of consuming Kola kanda originated with the Buddhist culture. It is eaten by Buddhist monks in the morning, as a means of sustenance. As part of the Buddhist monastic code, monks are only permitted two meals a day (breakfast and lunch) and following a period of not consuming any solid food since lunch the previous day Kola kanda provides the monks with the necessary restoration and rejuvenation to commence their daily activities.
Ingredients
The oldest recorded recipe for Kol kanda mentions the following ingredients and their amounts
Red rice - one fistful per person
gotukola - roughly chopped - one fistful
Grated coconut - one fistful
Water
Ginger - one to two slices - finely chopped
Garlic - six gloves - finely chopped
Salt - as required for taste
Preparation
The red rice is ground on a grindstone until broken into smaller pieces, the selected herb is also ground in a similar manner until the juice is extracted. Approximately three cups of water are added to the broken rice grains and boiled, and then milk obtained from the grated coconut and garlic is added. The mixture is stirred until the rice becomes soft. The herbal extract is added last with salt and removed from the heat to avoid destroying the nutrients from the herbs.
References
Sri Lankan cuisine
Congee
Porridges
Sri Lankan rice dishes
Sri Lankan porridges
David Petersen (born July 4, 1977) is an American comic book creator best known for the series Mouse Guard.
Early life
David Petersen was influenced by animated television series such as The Transformers.
They declared:
Petersen originally attended Mott Community College in Flint, Michigan, and then transferred to Eastern Michigan University, where they earned their degree in Fine Arts.
Career
The first Mouse Guard mini-series established the Guard's origin. Future series were intended to feature more character development, and greater exposition of the book's setting and history.
The story and characters of 1149, which was to be later known as Mouse Guard, originally involved several different types of animals, but during college Petersen reexamined their story and transformed it from the culture of the several other species into the story of life as mice living a sheltered civilization that only walked the open wild if a specialized mouse group escorted them: the Mouse Guard. After establishing the culture of these mice, Petersen felt that the rest of the animal cultures were only distractions for what they felt the real heart of the story would be: "the mice overcoming the obstacles of being in a world too big for them".
Bibliography
Children's books
None of these books were published for mass release, though Petersen did make bound editions of several of them for presents (mainly for their wife, Julia). All these books have been placed on the web by David Petersen.
Papa Bear
Rest In Peace Bailey Bear (2004)
The Mouse And The Cardinal
Maddie + The Monster
What Emma Will Be (2005)
Kate's Escape (2005)
Comic books
Voices (2004, ComiXpress) - Anthology of five comic artists, each having four pages. Released in conjunction with a gallery show. David Petersen's contribution, Fir Darrig, was rereleased in Ye Olde Lore Of Yore, Volume 1. 20 pgs, black and white interiors.
Ye Olde Lore Of Yore, Volume 1 (2005, ComiXpress) - Anthology of five stories; two by Jeremy Bastian, two by David Petersen, and one by Jeremy Bastian & David Petersen. 36 pgs, black and white interiors.
Mouse Guard (2006–present, Archaia Studios Press)
Dragon Prince (2008) #4 Cover
Mister Stuffins (2009) #1-3 Variant Covers
Muppet Peter Pan (2009) #1-4 Covers
Muppet Robin Hood (2009) #1-4 Covers
Muppet King Arthur (2010) #1-4 Covers
Muppet Snow White (2010) #1-4 Covers
Muppet Sherlock Holmes (2010) #1 Cover
Fraggle Rock (2010) Volume 2 Issue #1 Cover
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2011) Micro-Series Volume 1 Issues #1-4 Covers; Volume 2 Issues #1-4 Covers
Avengers Now (2013) #24 Variant Cover
TMNT: Turtles in Time (2014) #1-4 Covers
Rocket Raccoon (2014) #1 Variant Cover
Star Wars (2014) #1 Variant Cover
Jim Henson's The Storyteller: Dragons (2015) #1 Cover, Hardcover collected edition cover
Locke & Key: Small World (2016) Variant Cover
Farlaine the Goblin (2018) #7 Variant Cover
Labyrinth: Coronation (2018) #1 Variant Cover
Beneath the Dark Crystal (2018-2019) Volume 1 Issues #1-12 Variant Covers
Folklords (2019) #1 Variant Cover
Illustrated Novels
The Wind in the Willows (2016) The novel includes over 60 original illustrations set into the original Kenneth Grahame prose.
References
External links
FlamesRising.com Interview, February 2010
Exploring The Multiverse Video Interview, April 2010
HollywoodJesus.com Interview , July 2010
Comic Geek Speak Podcast interview (May, 2007)
American comics artists
American comics writers
1977 births
Living people
Writers from Flint, Michigan
Eastern Michigan University alumni
Mayabazar is a 1957 Indian epic fantasy film. It may also refer to:
Mayabazar (1936 film)
Mayabazar (1995 film)
Mayabazar (2006 film)
Mayabazar (2008 film)
Mayabazar 2016 (2020 film)
Maya Bazar, a town in Uttar Pradesh, India
Live at Hammersmith is a live album by the British hard rock band The Darkness. The album was released on 15 June 2018 and is the first live album the band has released.
Background
The album and the track listing was announced on 25 April 2018. The album is a live recording of the full setlist from the band's performance at the Eventim Apollo in London in December 2017, with mastering done by band member Dan Hawkins. People who pre-ordered the album instantly received the promo-singles ‘Buccaneers of Hispaniola' and 'I Believe in a Thing Called Love'. It was released on 15 June later that year on CD, Vinyl and Cassette.
Track listing
Track listing taken from Spotify
Personnel
Justin Hawkins – vocals, guitars, piano
Dan Hawkins – guitars, backing vocals
Frankie Poullain – bass, backing vocals
Rufus Tiger Taylor – drums, backing vocals
References
2018 live albums
Albums recorded at the Hammersmith Apollo
The Darkness (band) albums
Cooking Vinyl live albums
Birvėta () is a river in eastern Lithuania and Belarus (Vitebsk Region). It is a right tributary of Dysna.
The river starts near the Kirkučiai village, Sirvėta Regional Park, Švenčionys District. It flows north passing through the Kančioginas lake. From there, it flows north and east through the Ignalina District. Up to its confluence with the Erzvėtas lake, the river is known as Kančiogina. Next again flowing east, flows through swampy areas and passes by fishing ponds. After , Birvėta crosses the Belarus–Lithuania border and forms a natural border between the Pastavy and Braslaw Districts. It empties into the Dysna at from Dysna's estuary to the south of Kaziany. Birvėta's valley is shallow and boggy.
Tributaries: Marūniškė (left), Svyla, Kamoja, Juodupis, Medila (right).
Villages near the river:
Near Kančiogina: Purvėnai, Kančioginas, Barkuškė, Krikonys, Juodagalviai, Mielagėnai
Near Birvėta: Erzvėtas, Kelpučiai, Kliukai, Kėkštai, Pivorai, Rimaldiškė
References
Rivers of Lithuania
Rivers of Belarus
Rivers of Vitebsk Region
The Bubenbergplatz (Bubenberg Plaza, named after Adrian von Bubenberg) is a plaza in the Old City of Bern, the medieval city center of Bern, Switzerland. It is part of the area outside the third city walls. It is located south-west of Bahnhofplatz and is part of the UNESCO Cultural World Heritage Site that encompasses the Old City.
History
Since the construction of the Obertor in 1625/26, the area between the Obertor and the Christoffelturm was known as Zwischen den Toren (between the gates). From 1858 until 1898 the plaza was known as Christoffelplatz. Then, in 1898 it was renamed after Adrian von Bubenberg, the mayor (Schultheiss) of Bern in 1468-1469, 1473–1474 and 1477–1479 and the hero of Battle of Murten. The Bubenberg memorial and fountain was built by Max Leu in 1897 and originally stood at the entrance to Bubenbergplatz. In 1930 the plaza was rebuilt with a new tram station and the memorial was moved to the west. The new location of the fountain and memorial was at the entrance of Hirschengraben road with the statue facing north.
In 1971/76 an underground walkway was added to Bubenbergplatz and the roads and trams routes were slightly changed.
References
Squares in Bern
Old City (Bern)
The 2002 Irish general election was held on Friday, 17 May just over three weeks after the dissolution of the 28th Dáil on Thursday, 25 April by President Mary McAleese, at the request of the Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern. The 29th Dáil assembled on Thursday, 6 June, and Bertie Ahern was re-appointed as Taoiseach, leading a coalition government of Fianna Fáil and the Progressive Democrats.
The general election took place in 42 parliamentary constituencies throughout Ireland for 166 seats in Dáil Éireann, the lower house of parliament, with a revision of constituencies since the last election under the Electoral (Amendment) (No. 2) Act 1998.
Overview
The general election was significant for a number of reasons:
The election was considered a success for Fianna Fáil, with the party coming within a handful of seats from achieving an overall majority (the nearest the country came to a one party majority government since 1987). The only high-profile loss was Mary O'Rourke losing their seat in Westmeath.
The re-election of the Fianna Fáil–Progressive Democrats government, the first occasion since 1969 that an Irish government won re-election.
The meltdown in Fine Gael support, which saw the main opposition party drop from 54 to 31 seats, and lose all but three seats in Dublin.
The failure of the Labour Party, contrary to all expectations, to increase its seat total. Later in the year, Ruairi Quinn stepped down as leader of the Labour Party. They were replaced by Pat Rabbitte, who was one of four Democratic Left TDs who joined in a merger with Labour in 1999. The most high-profile loss for the party was the defeat of former leader Dick Spring in Kerry.
The success of the Green Party, which increased its TDs from two to six, including its first Teachta Dála (TD) outside of Dublin.
The electoral success of Sinn Féin, which increased its seat number from one to five.
The election of a large number of independent candidates.
Contrary to what opinion polls and political pundits were predicting, the Progressive Democrats kept all of their seats, and picked up four more.
It was the first time electronic voting machines were used in an Irish election. They were used in three constituencies: Dublin North, Dublin West and Meath. They would not be used again at a general election.
Fine Gael
The most noticeable feature of the election was the collapse in Fine Gael's vote. It suffered its second worst electoral result ever (after the 1948 general election), with several prominent members failing to get re-elected, including:
Alan Dukes – former party leader
Jim Mitchell – deputy leader
Nora Owen – former deputy leader and former Minister for Justice
Austin Currie – former presidential candidate
Jim Higgins – former Chief Whip
Alan Shatter – front bench member
Deirdre Clune – front bench member
Michael Creed – front bench member
Frances Fitzgerald – front bench member
The party's losses were especially pronounced in Dublin, where just three TDs (Richard Bruton, Gay Mitchell and Olivia Mitchell) were returned, fewer than Fianna Fáil, Labour, the Progressive Democrats or the Greens.
The reasons for the drop in support for Fine Gael are many and varied:
There was an element of bad luck in some losses, and the proportion of seats they lost (42.6%) was much greater than the proportion of votes (25.2%).
In 2002, the Irish economy was booming, unemployment was low, and the outgoing government was a stable one that had lasted its full term.
No other opposition party, noticeably Labour, would agree to a pre-election pact with Fine Gael, sensing the unpopularity of the party. This meant that no-one felt that Fine Gael would be able to lead a government after the election. In contrast, the two parties of the outgoing government fought the election on a united front.
The Fine Gael party was poorly organised in Dublin, and morale was low.
The political landscape had changed in Ireland since Fine Gael's heyday in the 1980s. The Progressive Democrats and the Green Party in particular ate into Fine Gael's middle class support, and anti-Fianna Fáil voters had a much wider range of parties to choose from. All 4 of the extra seats won by the Green Party were at the expense of Fine Gael, as were 3 out of 4 of the Progressive Democrats' gains.
Toward the end of the campaign, Michael McDowell warned that because Fianna Fáil were so high in the opinion polls, they could form a government by themselves. This led to a significant shift to the Progressive Democrats at the last minute, and many Fine Gael voters voted strategically for the Progressive Democrats to avoid a single-party Fianna Fáil government.
In the immediate aftermath of the election, Fine Gael leader Michael Noonan announced their resignation from the leadership and Enda Kenny was chosen as the new leader in the subsequent election.
Results
Independents include Independent Health Alliance candidates (12,296 votes, 1 seat) and Independent Fianna Fáil (6,124 votes, 1 seat).
Voting summary
Seats summary
Government formation
Fianna Fáil and the Progressive Democrats formed 26th Government of Ireland, a majority coalition government. it is the only coalition government in Irish politics to have been returned after a general election.
Dáil membership changes
The following changes took place as a result of the election:
22 outgoing TDs retired
143 TDs stood for re-election (plus the Ceann Comhairle, Séamus Pattison who was automatically returned)
110 of those were re-elected
33 failed to be re-elected
55 successor TDs were elected
47 were elected for the first time
8 had previously been TDs
There were 7 successor female TDs, replacing 6 outgoing, increasing the total number by 1 to 22
There were changes in 38 of 42 constituencies contested
Outgoing TDs are listed in the constituency they contested in the election. For some, such as Marian McGennis, this differs from the constituency they represented in the outgoing Dáil. Where more than one change took place in a constituency the concept of successor is an approximation for presentation only.
A summary of the cross-party seat transfers is:
See also
Members of the 22nd Seanad
Footnotes
References
Further reading
External links
RTÉ archives
Archived collection of party manifestos from 2002 on IrishManifestos.co.nr
General
General
2002
29th Dáil
May 2002 events in Europe
Adolfo Franci (27 November 1895, in Florence – 31 January 1954, in Rome) was an Italian screenwriter. They were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for their work in Shoeshine (1946).
Selected filmography
The Gates of Heaven (1945)
Shoeshine (1946)
Eleonora Duse (1947)
Heart (1948)
References
External links
Italian screenwriters
1895 births
Year of death missing
Italian male screenwriters
Shurahbil ibn Amr () was a Ghassanid governor of the vassal Ghassanid confederation (authority) under the Byzantine Empire in southern Syria region during the 7th century.  They are also known to have arrested and killed the envoy of Muhammad, Harith ibn Amr Al-Azdi, who had a letter for the Ghassanid governor of Bosra, Harith bin Abi Shimr al-Ghassani.
References
7th-century Arabs
7th century in the Byzantine Empire
Arab history
7th-century monarchs in the Middle East
Ghassanids
The Accademia delle Arti del Disegno, or "Academy of the Arts of Drawing", is an academy of artists in Florence, Italy. The Accademia e Compagnia delle Arti del Disegno, or "academy and company of the arts of drawing", was founded on 13 January 1563 by Cosimo I de' Medici, under the influence of Giorgio Vasari. It was made up of two parts: the Company was a kind of guild for all working artists, while the Academy was for more eminent artistic personalities of Cosimo's court, and supervised artistic production in Tuscany. It was later called the Accademia delle Arti del Disegno.
Artists including Michelangelo Buonarroti, Lazzaro Donati, Francesco da Sangallo, Agnolo Bronzino, Benvenuto Cellini, Giorgio Vasari, Bartolomeo Ammannati, and Giambologna were members. Most members of the Accademia were male; Artemisia Gentileschi was the first woman to be admitted.
Its declared purposes are the promotion and diffusion of the arts, and the protection and conservation of cultural heritage worldwide. It organises conferences, concerts, book presentations and exhibitions, and elects noted artists from all over the world to honorary membership.
History
The first Accademia delle Arti del Disegno
The first Accademia delle Arti del Disegno was founded by Cosimo I de' Medici on 13 January 1563, under the influence of Giorgio Vasari. It was initially named the Accademia e Compagnia delle Arti del Disegno, or "academy and company of the arts of drawing", and was made up of two parts: the Company was a kind of guild for all working artists, while the Academy was for more eminent artistic personalities of Cosimo's court, and supervised artistic production in Tuscany. It was later called the Accademia delle Arti del Disegno. At first, the Academy met in the cloisters of the Santissima Annunziata.
In 1784 Pietro Leopoldo, Grand Duke of Tuscany, combined all the schools of drawing in Florence into one institution, the new Accademia di Belle Arti di Firenze, or academy of fine arts. The Accademia delle Arti del Disegno was thus suppressed and transformed in the collegio dei professori dell'Accademia.
The present Accademia delle Arti del Disegno
In the re-organisation following the Unification of Italy, the Collegio dei Professori dell'Accademia delle Arti del Disegno was again separated from the Regia Accademia di Belle Arti di Firenze in 1873; it became fully independent of it in 1937, and was at the same time divided into three schools or classes, of architecture, of painting and of sculpture and engraving. Sculpture and painting became separate classes under a new statute of 1953. Since 1971 the Accademia has occupied Palazzo dell'Arte dei Beccai, in via Orsanmichele. The current statute of the organisation was published by decree of the President of the Republic of Italy, and is dated 17 May 1978.
Organisation and membership
Since the statute of 1978 the Accademia delle Arti del Disegno has been divided into five classes: painting, sculpture, architecture, history of art and humanities and sciences. There are four classes of membership: emeritus, ordinary, correspondent and honorary.
Notable members of the Accademia include Sandro Chia, Hans Erni and Anselm Kiefer in painting; Arnaldo Pomodoro, Giuliano Vangi and Dani Karavan in sculpture; Massimo Carmassi and Paolo Portoghesi in architecture; David Whitehouse in history of art; and Salvatore Accardo and Carlo Ginzburg in humanities and sciences.
Honorary membership
The Accademia awards the title of Accademico d'Onore, or honorary member, to those it considers notable in culture and the arts. It lists 138 such honorary members. Among them are Andrea Branzi, Daniel Buren, Fernando Caruncho, Andrea Claudio Galluzzo, Herman Hertzberger, Michael Hirst, Jasper Johns, Gina Lollobrigida, Pierre Rosenberg, Edoardo Vesentini, Alessandro Vezzosi, Louis Waldman and the Pritzker Prize winners Robert Venturi and Renzo Piano.
Past Accademici d'Onore include Giulio Andreotti, Alberto Ronchey, the Nobel Prize winner Rita Levi-Montalcini and Jørn Utzon.
References
Further reading
Jacopo Cavallucci (1873). Notizie intorno alla Regia Accademia delle Arti del Disegno di Firenze (in Italian). Firenze: Tipografia del Vocabolario.
Luigi Biagi (1941). L'Accademia di Belle Arti di Firenze. Firenze: Le Monnier.
Zygmunt Wazbinski (1987). L'Accademia medicea del Disegno a Firenze nel Cinquecento (in Italian). Firenze: Olschki.
Armando Nocentini (1963). Cenni storici sull'Accademia delle Arti del Disegno) (in Italian). Firenze: Olschki.
Paola Barocchi (ed by, 1964), I Fondatori dell'Accademia del Disegno (in Italian). FIrenze: Olschki.
Luigi Zangheri, Francesco Adorno (1998). Gli statuti dell'Accademia delle Arti del Disegno. (in Italian). Firenze: Olschki.
Karen Edis-Barzman (2001). The Florentine Academy and the Early Modern State. The Discipline of Disegno. (in English). Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Enrico Sartoni (ed. by, 2014), Da Michelangelo alla Contemporaneità. Storia di un primato mondiale 450 anni dell'Accademia delle Arti del Disegno'' (in Italian). Firenze: Regione Toscana.
1563 establishments in Italy
Culture in Florence
Learned societies of Italy
Ashton Gate Brewery Co Ltd (also known for a time as Hardwick and Co Ltd) was a brewing company based in Bristol, UK. It was one of the first 1000 companies registered in England and Wales.
History
Thomas Baynton had operated a business on North Street in Ashton Gate under the name Ashton Gate Brewery. The company was established in 1865 in order to acquire the business after Baynton's death. It was one of the first 1000 companies registered with Companies House.
The company changed its name to Hardwick and Co in 1868, reverting to Ashton Gate Brewery Co in 1883, and was listed in Kelly's Directory. In its last year of independent operation (to 1931), an ordinary dividend of was paid.
The company was acquired by Bristol Brewery Georges & Co in either 1931 or 1932.
Management
One former managing director was , whose son William Rhys Harvey became a director of Bristol Brewery Georges & Co.
Ashton Gate Brewery
The brewery operated at Ashton Gate in Bristol. Additions to the brewery were made in 1905 by brewers' engineers George Adlam, being described architecturally by Foyle in their book Bristol (2004) as "brick and Ham stone with blind lunettes beneath shaped gables." The brewery produced porter and strong beer.
References
Breweries in England
British companies established in 1865
Food and drink companies established in 1865
Manufacturing companies based in Bristol
1865 establishments in England
Dillwynia juniperina, commonly known as prickly parrotpea, is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae and is endemic to south-eastern continental Australia. It is an erect, spreading shrub with rigid, linear, sharply-pointed leaves and yellow flowers with red markings.
Description
Dillwynia juniperina is an erect, spreading shrub that typically grows to a height of with hairy stems. The leaves are rigid, linear, triangular in cross-section, long and sessile with a sharply-pointed tip. The flowers are arranged in racemes up to long in up to ten leaf axils near the ends of branchlets, with hairy bracts and bracteoles about long. The sepals are hairy, long and joined at the base, the standard petal is yellow, long and the keel is red. Flowering occurs from August to November and the fruit is an oval pod long.
Taxonomy and naming
Dillwynia juniperina was first formally described in 1825 by Conrad, George and William Loddiges in The Botanical Cabinet. The specific epithet (juniperina) means "juniper-like".
Distribution
This dillwynia grows in scattered locations in drier forest and woodland along the coast, tablelands and western slopes of New South Wales and north-central and eastern Victoria.
References
juniperina
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
Plants described in 1825
The Shawl is a four-act play by David Mamet. It premiered at the Goodman Theatre New Theatre Company in Chicago in 1985.
The play concerns two men, John and Charles, who plan on defrauding Miss A out of their inheritance. The play scams and deceives to the very end, while emphasising the truth repeatedly.
Background
According to Lindsay Crouse, " 'David told me once that they started to write 'The Shawl' in part because people said to him, 'You always write such wonderful characters but you don't write plot,'.... So they set out to exercise plot-writing as a craft. And I think it came out beautifully. Everybody gets fooled at least once in this play.' " The New York Times noted that "while The Shawl does not pretend at realism - Mr. Mamet has called it my 'Twilight Zone' episode - it must convince the audience that an educated, middle-class woman would put their faith into a mind reader. And the psychic themselves is not some gypsy in paisley but a middle-aged man who is worried about losing their young, homosexual lover."
Productions
The Shawl was initially presented by the Goodman Theatre's New Theatre Company in Chicago as the premiere production of their Briar Street Theatre. The play opened on April 19, 1985. Directed by Gregory Mosher, the cast featured Mike Nussbaum as John, Lindsay Crouse as Miss A and Gary Cole as Charles
.
The Shawl was produced Off-Broadway at the Lincoln Center Mitzi E. Newhouse Theater, opening on December 23, 1985, and closing on February 2, 1986, after 48 performances. The play ran in a double bill with Mamet's Prairie du Chien.
Directed by Mosher, the cast featured Mike Nussbaum as John, Lindsay Crouse as Miss A and Calvin Levels as Charles.
The Shawl's first London production was at the Royal Court Theatre Upstairs on June 9, 1986. The production was directed by Richard Eyre with David de Keyser as John, Connie Booth as Miss A and Michael Feast as Charles.
The Shawl was presented at the Arcola Theatre in London in September and October 2009. Directed by Amelia Nicholson, the cast featured Matthew Marsh, Elizabeth McGovern as Miss A. and Paul Rattray.
Presented at the Young Vic in London in December 2012.
Plot
ACT 1 takes place in John's office and introduces us to John and Miss A. John is an amateur psychic and Miss A. is a woman whose mother recently died and left them an inheritance. Miss A. seeks psychic advice concerning matters both personal and financial regarding their mother's will. John also advises Miss A that they may have untapped psychic abilities.
ACT 2 introduces us to John's young protégé Charles, and alludes to the homosexual relationship between them. John explains to Charles the smoke-and-mirror tricks they use on their customers, in particular Miss A, so that Charles may one day learn to make an "honest" living from this profession. Although John uses techniques of a questionable nature, they show a more caring side towards their clients, whereas Charles is driven more by greed and ambition and is willing to compromise the ethics of the profession. They devise a plan to give Miss A what they want: answers to their question about what to do with my inheritance. They plan to hold a seance and pretend to contact their deceased mother. In discussing the details of the plan, Charles pressures John into making it look like Miss A's mother will want to contest the will and give the inheritance to them.
ACT 3 takes place the following evening. The seance is held and John uses their usual smoke-and-mirror techniques in concert with their seance research. They pretend to contact a 19th-century Boston woman, who in turn allegedly contacts Miss A's mother. But Miss A puts the two charlatans to the test. They came prepared with a photograph of their mother, as they had been instructed by John the previous day. However, the photo is a fake. When tested, John claims the woman in the photo is that of Miss A's mother. Miss A then exposes them by declaring the photo a fraud. But just as they are about to storm out on them, John has a genuine psychic vision from Miss A's childhood regarding a Red Shawl. John is able to give a detailed description of The Shawl and how Miss A's mother would sing them to sleep as The Shawl, draped on their lamp, cast a red shadow.
ACT 4 takes place the following day. John is having a heated argument with Charles as they get ready for their appointment with Miss A. John, having finally had the breakthrough psychic experience they wished for throughout their amateur years, is revealing to Charles the last of their tricks while telling them this is the parting of the ways. As Charles gives their farewell and leaves, Miss A shows up for their appointment. Upon being questioned by Miss A, John honestly admits to them that the Boston Woman was a fiction. However, Miss A is intrigued that John was able to have a genuine vision of their mother, because nobody could have made up the vision of The Shawl. Miss A offers John payment for helping them decide they should contest the will. And finally, when they ask John for clarification of how they lost The Shawl five years ago, John offers more genuine insight and elaborates that they burnt The Shawl in a fit of rage ... but that's all they saw.
Characters
John - a man in their fifties
Miss A - a woman in their late thirties
Charles - a man in their thirties
References
External links
1985 plays
Plays by David Mamet
Toshimitsu (written: 敏満, 敏充, 敏光, 利満, 利光, 利三, 寿光 or 俊光) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese singer
, Japanese sumo wrestler
, Japanese golfer
Toshimitsu Kai (born 1956), Japanese golfer
, Japanese politician
, Japanese sumo wrestler
, Japanese ice hockey player
, Japanese samurai
, Japanese baseball player
, Japanese composer
, Japanese cyclist
, Japanese football referee
Japanese masculine given names
A referendum on partially repealing the law on public enterprises was held in Uruguay on 13 December 1992. The proposed repeal was approved by 73% of voters.
Background
On 10 January 1991 the General Assembly passed law 16,211 (Law on Public Enterprises), which allowed for the privatisation of several state enterprises, including the ANTEL telecommunications company and the ANCAP petroleum company.
Two attempts were made to gain enough support to force a referendum, with a quorum of 25% of registered voters required - equivalent to 589,823 voters. The first attempt gained 448,265 in favour for a partial repeal and 21,473 for a full repeal. The second effort obtained 693,668 for a partial repeal and 14,960 for a full repeal. On 15 October 1992 the Electoral Court decided on a referendum on a partial repeal.
Results
Unevaluated votes were those cast by voters outside of their local polling station. They would have been examined after a court had decided on their validity, but as the result was already clear, they were not counted.
References
1992 referendums
1992 in Uruguay
Referendums in Uruguay
Government-owned companies of Uruguay
Privatisation in Uruguay
December 1992 events in South America
Luis Alberto Lacalle
Moshe Maimon (also Moses Lvovich Maimon; ; 1860 – 1924) was a Jewish - Russian painter who was born in the Augustów Governorate, then part of the Russian Empire (present-day Lithuania). They were among the first known artists within the Jewish community of Russia. They were also the grandson of author Alexander Ziskind Maimon.
Biography
Maimon was born in Vilkaviškis, in the Augustów Governorate of Congress Poland (present-day Lithuania). They were apprenticed as a clockmaker in their youth and studied painting in Vilnius and Warsaw. In 1880 they were admitted to the Imperial Academy of Arts in St. Petersburg. Their admission was based on their painting of the Marranos, for which they were awarded with a gold medal. Maimon graduated from the academy in 1883. In later years they were a member of the "Society for the Encouragement of Jewish Arts", which was established in St. Peterburg in 1916.
Apart from Maimon's breakthrough for Jewish artists in their time, their work concerned biblical tales and the history of the Jewish people. Among their familiar works are: "The Marranos", "The Hashmonaim", "The Inquisition" (1893), "Back in the Homeland", "After the Pogrom" (at the Israel Museum Collection, Jerusalem), "The Battle in the Mountains of Turenchin" (1906) and series of paintings devoted to biblical figures. Maimon researched the background of their paintings. In their preparation for "The Marranos" they traveled to Spain to collect details of information to use.
Maimon's painting "The Marranos" was long believed lost by several scholars, including Gabriella Safran, Olga Litvak, and Hillel Kazovsky. But an article by Musya Glants at Harvard tells the exciting and amusing story of the painting's adventures and discovery and eventual "safe harbor". It is now installed at the Hebrew Home for the Aged in New York City.
Their work was internationally known at their lifetime. Nine of Maimon's works were shown at the Russian exhibition at the St. Louis World's fair in 1904. Some of their work was shown at the JSEA's exhibition in 1916 - 1917. They died in 1924 in Leningrad (St. Petersburg).
External links
"Thorny way of Moses Maimon Lechaim June 2005
Jewish Encyclopedia: "Maimon, Moisei Leibovich" by Herman Rosenthal & Jacob Goodale Lipman (1906).
Moses Maimon Article in "Electronic Jewish Encyclopedia"
References
1860 births
1924 deaths
People from Vilkaviškis
People from Augustów Governorate
Lithuanian Jews
19th-century painters from the Russian Empire
Russian male painters
20th-century Russian painters
Jewish painters
19th-century male artists of the Russian Empire
20th-century Russian male artists
Artesunate/pyronaridine, sold under the brand name Pyramax, is a fixed-dose combination medication for the treatment of malaria. It can be used for malaria of both the P. falciparum and P. vivax types. It combines artesunate and pyronaridine. It is taken by mouth.
The combination is generally well tolerated. Side effects may include headache, vomiting, or cough. Use in those with severe liver disease or kidney disease is not recommended. Use is not generally recommended in early pregnancy. However, there are no other options and if treatment may save the mother's life it may be used. The two components work by different mechanisms.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.
Medical uses
Artesunate/pyronaridine is used for malaria of both the P. falciparum and P. vivax types. It is not recommended for severe disease.
A 2019 review (updated in 2021) found that the combination compared well to artemether/lumefantrine. Benefits also appear similar to mefloquine together with artesunate. It is not recommended for the prevention of malaria.
Research for drug repurposing
There is some in vitro evidence that suggests artesunate/pyronaridine may be worthy of clinical trial study to determine whether it might have a role as a drug for COVID-19 treatment.
References
World Health Organization essential medicines
Wikipedia medicine articles ready to translate
Nikolaos Skoufas () is a municipality in the regional unit of Arta, Greece, named after Nikolaos Skoufas, a leader of the Greek independence movement. The seat of the municipality is in Peta. The municipality has an area of 231.842 km2.
Municipality
The present municipality Nikolaos Skoufas was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 4 former municipalities, that became municipal units:
Arachthos
Kommeno
Kompoti
Peta
References
Populated places in Arta (regional unit)
Municipalities of Epirus (region)
Ludic, or Ludian, or Ludic Karelian ( or ), is a Finnic language in the Uralic language family or a Karelian dialect. It is transitional between the Olonets Karelian language and the Veps language. It is spoken by 300 Karelians in the Republic of Karelia in Russia, near the southwestern shore of Lake Onega, including a few children.
Classification
In the Finnish research tradition, Ludic has been considered a transitional dialect area between Karelian and Veps, while in the Russian research tradition it is, on ethnographic grounds, normally considered a dialect of Karelian. A status as an independent language has been proposed in recent times. Ludic is characterised by a specific mixture of Karelian-like traits (such as the diphthongisation of the Proto-Finnic non-open long vowels: e.g. *pää > piä 'head', *soo > suo 'swamp', contrast Veps pä, so) and Veps-like traits (such as an almost complete loss of consonant gradation).
Dialects
Ludic comprises three main dialect groups:
Northern (Lake) Ludic, at the northwestern shores of Lake Onega
Central (River) Ludic, at settlements along river Shuya and near the city of Petrozavodsk
Kuďäŕv (Forest) Ludic, in the Mikhaylovskoye rural locality
The strongest Karelian resemblance is found in Northern Ludic, while the Kuďäŕv dialect shares the most features with Veps.
Phrases
ken sina oled = who are you
mi tämä on = what is this
kudam teiš on onni = which one of you is Onni
kuspiä sina astud = where do you live
mikš sina nagrad = why are you laughing
kudam čuas on = what time is it
konz hyö tuldah kodih = when are they coming home
häin lähtöu huomei = he/she leaves tomorrow
See also
Karelian language
Notes
Literature
External links
ISO 639 code sets - SIL International
Lyydiläinen Seura (The Ludian Society)
Finnic languages
Languages of Russia
Karelian language
Republic of Karelia
Veps language
GENUKI is a genealogy web portal, run as a charitable trust. It "provides a virtual reference library of genealogical information of particular relevance to the UK and Ireland". It gives access to a large collection of information, with the emphasis on primary sources, or means to access them, rather than on existing genealogical research.
Name
The name derives from "GENealogy of the UK and Ireland", although its coverage is wider than this. From the GENUKI website:
Structure
The website has a well defined structure at four levels.
The first level is information that is common to all "the United Kingdom and Ireland".
The next level has information for each of England (see example) Ireland, Scotland, Wales, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man.
The third level has information on each pre-1974 county of England and Wales, each of the pre-1975 counties of Scotland, each of the 32 counties of Ireland and each island of the Channel Islands (e.g. Cheshire, County Kerry and Guernsey).
The fourth level has information on each town or parish (e.g. Antrobus, Cheshire).
The structure is shown diagrammatically in the "Contents and Site Map".
Subject headings
At each level, some of the subject headings from the list prepared by the Family History Library in Salt Lake City are used. The full list is:
Almanacs
Archives and Libraries
Bibliography
Biography
Business and Commerce Records
Cemeteries
Censuses
Chronology
Church Directories
Church History
Church Records
Civil Registration
Colonization
Correctional Institutions
Court Records
Description and Travel
Directories
Dwellings
Emigration and Immigration
Encyclopedias
Ethnology
Folklore
Gazetteers
Genealogy
Guardianship
Handwriting
Heraldry
Historical Geography
History
Inventories
Jewish History
Jewish Records
Land and Property
Languages
Law and Legislation
Manors
Maps
Medical Records
Merchant Marine
Migration, Internal
Military History
Military Records
Minorities
Names, Geographical
Names, Personal
Naturalisation and Citizenship
Newspapers
Nobility
Obituaries
Occupations
Officials and Employees
Orphans and Orphanages
Pensions
Periodicals
Politics and Government
Poorhouses, Poor Law etc.
Population
Postal and Shipping Guides
Probate Records
Public Records
Religion and Religious Life
Schools
Social Life and Customs
Societies
Statistics
Taxation
Town Records
Visitations, Heraldic
Voting Registers
Yearbooks
Contents
In some instances GENUKI pages include actual information, but more often they provide links to sources of information, either as online links or by providing information about hard copy publications or repositories. For many locations, a description is quoted from an old (and therefore out-of-copyright) gazetteer. As GENUKI is maintained solely by volunteers, the level of detail varies in different parts of the site. Material on the GENUKI website is copyright, and also protected by UK database right, and it must only be used for personal research and not copied onto other websites.
References
External links
GENUKI at thegoodwebguide.co.uk website
British genealogy websites
Historiography of the United Kingdom
Historiography of Ireland
Information technology organisations based in the United Kingdom
Petit-Goâve Football Club (formerly Association Sportive Petit-Goâve) is a professional football club based in Haiti. As of 2015, they play in the top flight league of Haiti.
History
The club was founded in 2011 as Association Sportive Petit-Goâve before undergoing a change in 2014 to its current name.
References
Football clubs in Haiti
Association football clubs established in 2011
Angelo Yonnier Lucena Soteldo (born 26 January 2003) is a Venezuelan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Portuguesa.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
2003 births
Living people
Venezuelan footballers
Venezuela youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
Portuguesa F.C. players
Venezuelan Primera División players
People from Guanare
Hemingford House is a 19th-century house in Alveston near Stratford on Avon in Warwickshire, England. It is a Grade II listed building.
History
The present building dates from the early to mid 19th century. The first recorded owner was Henry Wells Allfrey (1817–1887) who purchased the house in 1840 and on their death it passed onto their son, Henry Allfrey (1850–1938). On the death of Henry the property was sold and during the Second World War was used by the Iron and Steel Control organisation (part of the Ministry of Supply). In 1947 the building was sold to the Youth Hostels Association and has remained in use as a youth hostel since then.
Construction
The style is Georgian with Doric columns. The house is a three storeyed building of stone finished with a stucco render and with ashlar finishing around the doors and windows. The roof is of slate and hipped with parapets. The main building has a wing on each side of two storeys and a third wing on the back of the building. The overall view from the front of the original building is therefore of a symmetrical design although an additional range was added on one side by YHA.
References
Notes
Sources
Youth hostels in England and Wales
Houses completed in the 19th century
Grade II listed buildings in Warwickshire
Pocahontas County is a county located in Iowa, United States. As of the 2020 census the population was 7,078, making it the state's ninth-least populous county. The county seat is Pocahontas. The county was formed in 1851.
This county was named after Pocahontas, the famous Native American woman from Jamestown, Virginia. A colossal statue of their stands in the city.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water.
Major highways
Iowa Highway 3
Iowa Highway 4
Iowa Highway 7
Iowa Highway 10
Iowa Highway 15
Adjacent counties
Palo Alto County (north)
Humboldt County (east)
Webster County (southeast)
Calhoun County (south)
Buena Vista County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 7,078 in the county, with a population density of . 95.79% of the population reported being of one race. There were 3,666 housing units, of which 3,090 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 7,310 in the county, with a population density of . There were 3,794 housing units, of which 3,233 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 8,662 people, 3,617 households, and 2,430 families residing in the county. The population density was 15 people per square mile (6/km2). There were 3,988 housing units at an average density of 7 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.49% White, 0.24% Black or African American, 0.17% Native American, 0.17% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.30% from other races, and 0.61% from two or more races. 0.89% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,617 households, out of which 29.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.30% were married couples living together, 5.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.80% were non-families. 30.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.91.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.40% under the age of 18, 5.30% from 18 to 24, 23.40% from 25 to 44, 24.10% from 45 to 64, and 21.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 96.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $33,362, and the median income for a family was $40,568. Males had a median income of $27,929 versus $20,515 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,006. About 6.60% of families and 9.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.30% of those under age 18 and 6.50% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Fonda
Gilmore City
Havelock
Laurens
Palmer
Plover
Pocahontas
Rolfe
Varina
Unincorporated communities
Ware
Townships
Bellville
Cedar
Center
Colfax
Cummins
Des Moines
Dover
Garfield
Grant
Lake
Lincoln
Lizard
Marshall
Powhatan
Roosevelt
Sherman
Swan Lake
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Pocahontas County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
Pocahontas County Courthouse
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pocahontas County, Iowa
Manson crater
References
External links
Pocahontas County Economic Development Commission
The Pioneer History of Pocahontas County, Iowa (1902), a county history by Robert E. Flickinger
Iowa placenames of Native American origin
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
A Mexican American ( or ) is a resident of the United States who is of Mexican descent. Mexican American-related topics include the following:
0-9
1st Arizona Volunteer Infantry
1st New Mexico Volunteer Infantry, Reorganized
1917 Bath riots
1938 San Antonio pecan shellers strike
1994 California Proposition 187
2nd Regiment New Mexico Volunteer Infantry
2006 Harris County, Texas hate crime assault
2019 El Paso shooting
A
Abolish ICE
Alianza Federal de Mercedes
Always Running
American GI Forum
American-Mexican Claims Commission
Anti-Mexican sentiment
Arizona SB 1070
Asco (art collective)
August 29th Movement
Aztlán
B
Balmy Alley
Barrioization
Battle of Chavez Ravine
Beaner
Bernal v. Fainter
Bisbee Deportation
Black-brown unity
Blaxican
Bless Me, Ultima
Bloody Christmas (1951)
Borderlands/La Frontera: The New Mestiza
Borderlands Theater
Botiller v. Dominguez
Bracero program
Bracero Selection Process
Brown Berets
Brown-eyed soul
Brown, Not White
Burrito
C
Caballero
California agricultural strikes of 1933
California Joint Immigration Committee
Californio
Caló (Chicano)
Cantaloupe strike of 1928
Católicos por La Raza
Center for Mexican American Studies at Arlington
Centro Cultural de la Raza
Cesar Chavez Day
Cesar Chavez (film)
Chicana Rights Project
Chicana/o studies
Chicano
Chicano English
Chicana feminism
Chicanafuturism
Chicanismo
Chicana art
Chicano art movement
Chicano Blowouts
Chicano films
Chicano literature
Chicano Moratorium
Chicano Movement
Chicano nationalism
Chicano poetry
Chicano Park
Chicano rock
Chicano rap
Cholo (subculture)
Church in the Barrio
Colegio César Chávez
Comisión Femenil Mexicana Nacional
Community Service Organization
Conferencia de Mujeres por la Raza
Coyolxauhqui imperative
Cuisine of the Southwestern United States
Culture Clash (performance troupe)
D
Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals
Delano grape strike
Department of Homeland Security v. Regents of the University of California
Desert Blood
Dirty Girls Social Club
E
East L.A. walkouts
East Los Streetscapers
El Congreso de Pueblos de Habla Española
El Malcriado
El Teatro Campesino
Emplumada
Espinoza v. Farah Manufacturing Co.
Estrada Courts
Estrada Courts murals
F
Flores-Figueroa v. United States
Frito Bandito
From This Wicked Patch of Dust
G
Gadsden Purchase
Galería de la Raza
Gentefied
George Lopez (TV series)
Grammy Award for Best Mexican/Mexican-American Album
Greaser Act
Greaser (derogatory)
Great American Boycott
Great Wall of Los Angeles
Gregorio Cortez
Gringo justice
H
Hector P. Garcia
Hernandez v. Texas
Hijas de Cuauhtémoc
Hispanos
Hispanos of New Mexico
History of Mexican Americans
History of Mexican Americans in Dallas–Fort Worth
History of Mexican Americans in Houston
History of Mexican Americans in Los Angeles
History of Mexican Americans in Metro Detroit
History of Mexican Americans in Texas
History of Mexican Americans in Tucson
Huelga schools (Houston)
House on Mango Street
I
I Am Joaquin
Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986
Indigenous Mexican Americans
J
Josefa Segovia
Jovita Idar
Juan Crow
Julian Castro 2020 presidential campaign
Justice for Janitors
K
Killing of Adam Toledo
L
La Matanza (1910–1920)
La Prensa
La Raza
Las Adelitas de Aztlán
Las Gorras Blancas
League of United Latin American Citizens
League of United Latin American Citizens v. Perry
Leal Garcia v. Texas
Lemon Grove Incident
List of Chicano poets
List of Chicano rappers
List of Mexican Americans
List of Mexican-American communities
List of Mexican-American political organizations
List of Mexican-American writers
List of New Mexico Territory Civil War units
Little School of the 400
Living Up the Street
Los Four
Los Seis de Boulder
Los Siete de la Raza
Lowrider
Lowrider bicycle
M
Madrigal v. Quilligan
Mala Noche
MANA, A National Latina Organization
Manifest Destinies: The Making of the Mexican American Race
March 2006 LAUSD student walkouts
MEChA
Medellín v. Texas
Mendez v. Westminster
Mexican Americans
Mexican fiestas in the United States
Mexicantown, Detroit
Mexican American bibliography
Mexican-American cuisine
Mexican-American Education Council
Mexican-American folklore
Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund
Mexican American Legislative Caucus
Mexican-American middle class
Mexican American Odyssey
Mexican American Political Association
Mexican American professionals
Mexican American Studies Department Programs, Tucson Unified School District
Mexican–American War
Mexican American Youth Organization
Mexicans in Omaha, Nebraska
Mexicans in Chicago
Mexican muralism
Mexican Repatriation
Mexican Texas
Mexican WhiteBoy
Missionary Catechists of Divine Providence
Moment of Silence (poem)
Mujeres Muralistas
Murder of Gabriel Fernandez
Murder of Joe Campos Torres
Murder of Santos Rodriguez
Murder of Selena
Murders of Raul and Brisenia Flores
Mutualista
N
Nahui Ollin
National Association of Chicana and Chicano Studies
National Mexican-American Anti-Defamation Committee
National Museum of Mexican Art
Nepantla
New Mexican cuisine
New Mexico music
New tribalism
O
Olvera Street
Operation Wetback
P
Pachucas
Pachuco
PADRES
Paño
PCUN
Pensamiento Serpentino
Perez v. Brownell
Perez v. Sharp
Pilsen Historic District
Pinto (subculture)
Plan de Santa Bárbara
Plan Espiritual de Aztlán
Plan of San Diego
Plyler v. Doe
Political Association of Spanish-Speaking Organizations
Porvenir massacre (1918)
Precita Eyes
Proposition 187
Punjabi Mexican Americans
Q
Quinto Sol
R
Rain God
Rasquachismo
Raza Unida Party
Reconquista (Mexico)
Revolt of the Cockroach People
Royal Chicano Air Force
S
Salt of the Earth
San Antonio Independent School District v. Rodriguez
San Elizario Salt War
Second Ward, Houston
Self Help Graphics & Art
Sí se puede
Shooting of Alex Nieto
Shooting of Andy Lopez
Skull art
Sleepy Lagoon murder
Society of Mexican American Engineers and Scientists
So Far from God
Sonoratown, Los Angeles
Southern California drywall strike
Spanglish
Speedy Gonzales
Spiritual activism
SVREP
T
Teatro Campesino
Tejano music
Tex-Mex
The Moths
This Bridge Called My Back
Tortilla art
Traditionalist Mexican-American Catholic Church
Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo
U
UCLA Chicano Studies Research Center
Under the Feet of Jesus
United Cannery, Agricultural, Packing, and Allied Workers of America
United Farm Workers
United States v. Brignoni-Ponce
V
Vergüenza (social concept)
Viva Kennedy Campaign
W
Who Would Have Thought It?
X
Xicanx
Y
...y no se lo tragó la tierra
Youth control complex
Z
Zoot suit
Zoot Suit Riots
References
Mexican-American-related topics
The Drummuckavall ambush was an attack by the South Armagh Brigade of the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) on a British Army observation post in Drummuckavall, southeast of Crossmaglen, County Armagh, on 22 November 1975. The attack, which occurred along the border with the Republic of Ireland, resulted in the deaths of three British soldiers and underlined the inefficiency of conventional military skills to deal with the situation in South Armagh, prompting the deployment of the Special Air Service (SAS) in this area.
Background
During the mid-1970s, the most violent decade of the Troubles in Northern Ireland, the monitoring of the border between south County Armagh and the Republic of Ireland by the British Army was carried out from several static observation posts (OPs). The main goal of these OPs was to prevent attacks launched from beyond the border. These part-time manned positions were highly vulnerable to attack, as proved by a 1974 bomb attack which claimed the lives of two Royal Marines at the outpost of Drummuckavall, a townland southeast of Crossmaglen close to the border.
It was not until 1986, when the first surveillance watchtowers were erected in operations Condor and Magistrate that the British Army tried to regain the initiative in the region from the IRA.
The intelligence and control over the area relied on until then, and for a lapse of ten years, mostly on mobile posts comprising small uncovered infantry sections.
The ambush
A section of four soldiers from the Royal Regiment of Fusiliers, coming from Crossmaglen, mounted an observation post at 2AM on 21 November 1975. The OP was on a slope at Drummuckavall behind bushes overlooking a small stream that ran along the border. Unknown to them, locals had spotted their position and informed the IRA. At 16:20 the next day, an IRA unit of up to 12 members attacked the OP. Heavy gunfire killed three of the Fusiliers and disabled their communications equipment. A later inquest found that the IRA unit had fired from two positions inside the Republic. Those killed were James Duncan (19), Peter McDonald (19), and Michael Sampson (20). The only fusilier on guard duty was McDonald, who was manning a light machine gun. The other soldiers were resting or taking a meal. The lance corporal in charge of the party, Paul Johnson, survived the first burst unscathed. They remained flat on the ground but was seriously injured on the wrist, side and back by a second burst of automatic fire after the IRA unit called on them to surrender. A second call to surrender was made, followed by more gunfire. The IRA unit then withdrew across the border. According to Johnson, they were shouting "Up the 'RA!" and laughing. Johnson managed to slip away by crawling 25 yards towards a nearby road, where British troops eventually airlifted them to safety in a helicopter.
One of the AR-15 rifles used in the attack was found to have been used by the South Armagh Republican Action Force in an attack on the Tullyvallen Orange Hall that killed five civilians.
Aftermath
Shortly after the attack, Merlyn Rees, then Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, issued a famous statement dubbing South Armagh Bandit Country. The next year, the British Government declared it was deploying the Special Air Service (SAS) in Northern Ireland, although they had already been deployed unofficially for a number of years. The secretive and undercover nature of this elite force meant they were considered the best choice to infiltrate the South Armagh area, after the official report on the action exposed several flaws in the layout of the OP.
As a complement to the SAS operations, the British Army also changed tactics. Major General Dick Trant established small teams of troops, called COPs (close observation platoons), to gather information, often in plain clothes or camouflaged in the landscape. They were also able to set up ambushes, like the ill-fated Operation Conservation in 1990.
See also
Attack on Cloghoge checkpoint
Attack on Derryard checkpoint
Glasdrumman ambush
Operation Conservation
Timeline of Provisional Irish Republican Army actions
Notes
References
Harnden, Toby (2000). Bandit Country: The IRA & South Armagh. Coronet Books.
The Troubles in County Armagh
Provisional Irish Republican Army actions
1975 in Northern Ireland
Conflicts in 1975
British Army in Operation Banner
Military history of County Armagh
Deaths by firearm in Northern Ireland
Royal Regiment of Fusiliers
Military actions and engagements during the Troubles (Northern Ireland)
20th century in County Armagh
November 1975 events in Europe
Ambushes in Northern Ireland
Strikeforce: Playboy Mansion was a mixed martial arts event promoted by Strikeforce. The event took place on September 29, 2007 at the Playboy Mansion in Los Angeles, California. The invitation-only event drew nearly 1,000 spectators who paid $1000 per ticket. The event was supervised by the California State Athletic Commission. Fights 5 to 12 were streamed live on Yahoo Sports for free.
Results
Purses
•Gilbert Melendez $30,000 (no win bonus) def. Tetsuji Kato $6,000
•Joe Riggs $29,500 ($15,000 win bonus) def. Eugene Jackson $15,000
•Josh Thomson $24,500 ($10,000 win bonus) def. Adam Lynn $6,000
•Billy Evangelista $6,000 ($3,000 win bonus) def. Clint Coronel $3,000
•Jorge Masvidal $18,182.50 (no win bonus) def. Matt Lee $1,000
•Bobby Southworth $20,000 ($10,000 win bonus) def. Bill Mahood $1,000
•Falaniko Vitale $20,000, (no win bonus) def. Ron Fields $7,000
•Daniel Puder $20,000 (no win bonus) def. Richard Dalton $3,000
•Dewey Cooper $500 (no win bonus) def. Adam Smith $500
•Daniel McWilliams $1,000(no win bonus) def. Eddy Millis $4,000
•Luke Stewart $7,500 ($4,000 win bonus) def. Sam Liera $3,000
The payout totaled $229,183.50.
See also
Strikeforce
List of Strikeforce champions
List of Strikeforce events
2007 in Strikeforce
References
Playboy Mansion
2007 in mixed martial arts
Mixed martial arts in Los Angeles
2007 in sports in California
Henry Driver (1831–23 Jan 1893) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Otago, New Zealand.
They were born in the United States, but as a young man emigrated to Victoria, Australia. When the Otago Gold Rush began in 1861 they established themselves as a merchant in Dunedin. Later they joined with John Maclean to form Driver, Maclean & Co., auctioneers.
They represented the Roslyn electorate from to 1871, when they resigned, and from to 1881. They then represented the Hokonui electorate from to 1884, when they retired.
References
1831 births
1893 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
New Zealand MPs for Dunedin electorates
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1884 New Zealand general election
19th-century New Zealand politicians
American emigrants to New Zealand
George Dolenz (born Jure Dolenc; akas: Giorgio Dolenz and George Dolentz; January 5, 1908 February 8, 1963) was an American film actor born in Trieste (then part of Austria-Hungary, now Italy), in the city's Slovene community.
Biography
Under the name Giorgio Dolenz (slo. Jure Dolenc), they emigrated to the United States via Cuba, arriving by steamship at the port of Key West, Florida, in October 1934; by 1937, the young actor-to-be was in Hollywood and earning their living as a waiter. After appearing in small parts in B movies, they graduated to supporting roles. Following the end of World War II, Dolenz became a leading man under contract to RKO Pictures under Howard Hughes. However, the failure of the feature film Vendetta in 1950 resulted in their return to character and supporting parts for other studios, including MGM's The Last Time I Saw Paris as the husband of Donna Reed's character.
Better luck came to them when they were cast as the star of the 1956 ITC Entertainment 39-episode television series, The Count of Monte Cristo as the title character, Edmond Dantes.
On April 21, 1958, Dolenz played Count Peter Von Gilsa in the episode "The Outlander" of the NBC Western television series The Restless Gun.
In 1959, they portrayed Colonel Gutterez in "The Town Is a Prisoner" of the NBC Western series, Cimarron City.
They were cast as Juan Amontillo in the 1961 episode "The Uncourageous" of the ABC Western series, The Rebel,. That same year, they played Ramon Ortega in "Brand of Honesty" on the NBC Western, The Deputy.
Dolenz, who was of Slovene descent, married actor Janelle Johnson. They had four children: actor and singer Micky Dolenz (George Michael Dolenz) of the 1960s musical band, The Monkees, Gemma "Coco" Dolenz, Gina Dolenz, and Debbie Dolenz.
Dolenz died of a heart attack in 1963 at the age of 55.  They are interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California.
Partial filmography
References
External links
New York Times Movies
1908 births
1963 deaths
Actors from Trieste
American male film actors
American male television actors
American people of Slovenian descent
Austro-Hungarian emigrants to the United States
Burials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)
Male actors from Los Angeles
RKO Pictures contract players
20th-century American male actors
Dolenz family
Malmo is an unincorporated community and business district in Aitkin County, Minnesota, United States. The community is located on the northeast corner of Mille Lacs Lake at the junction of State Highway 18, State Highway 47, and Aitkin County Road 2.
Malmo is located within Malmo Township and Lakeside Township. Nearby places include Isle, Glen, Garrison, and Aitkin. The community is located 21 miles southeast of the city of Aitkin. Malmo is named after the Swedish city of Malmö.
References
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Aitkin County, Minnesota
Lillestrøm idrettspark, colloquially known as Lillestrøm stadion, is a sports facility located at Lillestrøm in Skedsmo, Norway. The main venue is Romerike friidrettsstadion, an athletics stadium with eight all-weather running tracks. It has multiple football pitches, including one with artificial turf and one with gravel. The park features of two arenas, LSK-Hallen with a full-size artificial football pitch and Skedsmohallen for indoor sports. The venue is located adjacent to Åråsen Stadion, the home ground of Lillestrøm SK. The main tenants for Lillestrøm idrettspark are Flisbyen BK and Focus FK in football, and Strømmen IF, Lørenskog FIL and Minerva IS in athletics. The stadium opened on 6 June 1920 and was the main venue for Lillestrøm SK until 1951. The athletics stadium opened two years later. In 2004, the artificial turf pitch was laid and in 2007 a new athletics venue and LSK-Hallen opened.
History
The stadium opened on 6 June 1920 and was originally named Lillestrøm kommunale idrettsplass ("Lillestrøm Municipal Sports Place"). Lillestrøm SK was the main football tenant from the opening until 1951, when they opened Åråsen Stadion. The original athletics stadium opened in 1953, located at the same place as the current athletics stadium. Minerva arranged the first tournament on 16 June 1954. Subsequently, a velodrome was installed outside the running track. A municipal grant of 5,000 Norwegian krone (NOK) allowed a steeplechase obstacle to be installed in 1959. A cage for discus throw and hammer throw was installed on the current artificial turf pitch in 1970.
The athletics venue suffered with drainage problems, and from the 1970s it was no longer used for competitions. This forced Minerva IS to hold many of its trainings at Stovner stadion in Oslo and Jessheim stadion in Ullensaker. In 1976, Minerva IS took initiative to lay all-weather running track, but the proposal was rejected by the municipality. In 1990, Skedsmo Municipal Council initially voted to allocate NOK 2 million for all-weather running track, but the funding was reallocated to fix a leaking roof on Skedsmo Church. No further grants were issued for the stadium.
In 2004, Lillestrøm SK took initiative to convert one of the gravel pitches to artificial turf. The proposal also saw the installation of floodlights and under-soil heating. The new field cost NOK 9 million, which was covered by LSK, betting grants and the municipality. Construction started in August 2004 and was completed in November. The pitch located behind Skedsmohallen was converted to a throwing venue in 2005.
Ahead of the 2003 municipal elections, the Labour Party mayor candidates for the municipalities of Skedsmo, Rælingen and Lørenskog, Andreas Hamnes, Terje Granerud and Åge Tovan, proposed that a central, inter-municipal athletics venue be built for Nedre Romerike. The proposal was followed up by the three athletics clubs in the area, Minerva IS, Strømmen IF and Lørenskog FIL, who established a committee. Several locations were considered, but the committee landed on Lillestrøm idrettspark because of the availability of existing utilities, parking and changing rooms, which would reduce the investment costs. In the process, Strømmen stadion was rejected because it was undergoing upgrades to receive artificial turf and Marikollen was deemed too remote. Also Nordlimyra in Lørenskog was deemed unsuitable. The choice of Lillestrøm idrettspark was selected by consensus among the municipalities and the sports clubs in June 2005.
Grants were issued from the municipalities in 2005, the size of which was determined by the population of each municipality. Multiconsult was hired to design the venue and construction started on 28 June 2006. Earthworks were completed by November and asphalting started on 16 May 2007. The all-weather surface was completed on 13 June and technical installations were completed by mid-August. The new venue was inaugurated on 1 September 2007. It cost NOK 28.6 million, of which NOK 15.9 million were paid for by the municipalities in ratio of their population. The rest was financed through a combination of betting grants, value added tax compensation and volunteer work.
In 2006, the municipality approved Lillestrøm SK's plans to build an indoor football pitch. The hall was inaugurated on 11 October 2007 and cost NOK 62 million. In 2009, Lillestrøm launched itself as one of six candidate cities for Norway's joint bid with Sweden to host the UEFA Euro 2016. This would involve building a new venue seating between 35,000 and 44,000 in Lillestrøm. One of three potential locations was at Lillestrøm idrettspark. The stadium would be built in modules, so the upper tiers could be dismounted after the championship and installed on other venues. The proposal was selected as one of four for the bid, but the bid was never sent.
Facilities
Lillestrøm idrettspark is located across the railway from Åråsen Stadion, the home ground of Lillestrøm SK. It is the main recreational sports complex in Skedsmo, located just north of Lillestrøm. It contains several football pitches, including one with gravel and one with artificial turf. The artificial and two of the natural grass pitches have undersoil heating. LSK-Hallen contains an indoor artificial turf football pitch with capacity for 3,000 spectators. Skedsmohallen is the main indoor arena in Skedsmo; it is largely used for ball sports, athletics and martial arts, but also sees cultural evens such as concerts. Lillestrøm og Omeng Bueskyttere undertakes archery practice behind Skedsmohallen. Also at the park is a driving range and a skateboarding park.
Romerike friidrettsstadion is an inter-municipal athletics venue jointly owned by the municipalities of Skedsmo, Rælingen and Lørenskog. The venue is built to a sufficient standard to host the Norwegian Athletics Championship. It features a long all-weather surface with eight tracks, permitting 110 meters hurdles on both sides. Both sides have two jumping pits, and two areas for pole vault and two for high jump. Javelin throw is possible from both ends, with undersoil heating in the last part of the approach. The throwing cage permits discus throw and hammer throw, and the area for shot put is heated. The venue is used exclusively for athletics and is constructed such that it cannot be used for football. The athletics field has a spectator capacity of 750, of which 185 can be seated. It has floodlighting at 200 lux and electronic timekeeping equipment, as well as two huts. In addition, a gravel football pitch is used for throwing practice.
Events
Lillestrøm SK uses Lillestrøm idrettspark and LSK-Hallen for training sessions for the elite team and for lower-level matches. The Women's Premier League side LSK Kvinner FK play their home matches in LSK-Hallen. The football grounds are also used by Flisbyen BK and Focus FK in the Third Division. The athletics venue is used by Minerva IS, Lørenskog FIL and Strømmen IF. During the 1952 Winter Olympics, the stadium was one of five rinks used for ice hockey. Three rinks were located outside Oslo in order to spread the games to a wider audience. The single match at Lillestrøm stadion saw Poland beat Finland 4–2 on 23 February. The former velodrome hosted two Norwegian championships. The athletics venue annually hosts Romerikslekene and one of the three Huyndai Grand Prix events. Since 2012 the Norway national football team started using Åråsen and Lillestrøm stadion for training.
References
Bibliography
Notes
External links
Rink card of: Lillestrøm Stadion Skedsmo-Kjeller at www.SpeedSkatingNews.info
Lillestrøm
Sports venues in Skedsmo
Football venues in Norway
Athletics (track and field) venues in Norway
Ice hockey venues in Norway
Velodromes in Norway
Olympic ice hockey venues
Venues of the 1952 Winter Olympics
1920 establishments in Norway
Event venues established in 1920
Events in the year 1692 in Norway.
Incumbents
Monarch: Christian V
Events
The last of the Finmark witch trials takes place, Anders Poulsen, an old Sámi shaman is put on trial.
The first Chief of police is hired in Bergen.
The ironwork is established.
Arts and literature
Old Gimmestad Church is built.
Births
29 December – Thomas Angell, merchant, philanthropist (died 1767).
Deaths
11 February – Anders Paulsen, Sami noaidi (born c. 1600).
Cuisine
13 June - The first known recipe for Bløtkake is written down.
See also
References
Lawrence McAdory (born June 21, 1929) is an American politician who served in the Alabama House of Representatives from the 56th district from 1994 to 1998 and from 2009 to 2014.
References
1929 births
Living people
Members of the Alabama House of Representatives
Alabama Democrats
Waering is a Germanic surname. Although Grant Allen and Isaac Taylor described Wæring as an Anglo-Saxon clan name equivalent to the Norse Væringjar (autonym of the Varangians), the eminent British philologist Walter William Skeat suggested that it might be a patronymic.
Etymology and history
Væringi (the singular of Væringjar) was originally a compound of two words. Vár means 'pledge' or 'faith' and is the name of the Norse god of oaths. It is cognate with the Anglo-Saxon noun wǽr (meaning 'fidelity,' 'protection,' 'agreement,' 'pledge,' 'promise' or 'bond of friendship'). Gengi means 'companion' and is cognate with the Anglo-Saxon genga of the same meaning. Thus, the two together mean 'sworn companion' or 'confederate.' According to Danish Slavist Adolf Stender-Petersen, it means 'men who engage in a pursuit in a relationship of mutual responsibility,' but another theory is that it refers to someone who enters into the service or comes under the protection of a new lord by an oath of fealty. Members of the Varangian Guard, elite Anglo-Saxon or Norse bodyguards of the Byzantine Emperor, took such an oath. Some scholars, including linguist Elof Hellquist, assume a derivation from vár with the suffix -ing (that is to say, without gengi). However, the reduction of gengi to -ing could parallel that seen in Old Norse foringi ('leader'), cognate with Anglo-Saxon foregenga ('forerunner,' 'predecessor,' 'ancestor' or 'attendant').
Walter William Skeat suggested that the name might be the source of the respective names of the English town and county of Warwick, Warwickshire, which are documented as having been Wærincwīc/Wæringwīc and Wæringscīr respectively in Anglo-Saxon. Isaac Taylor was more firmly of this opinion. Grant Allen similarly places the Wærings at Warrington. However, others see Warwick and Warrington as being derived from the Anglo-Saxon word wæring or wering, which mean a 'wall' or 'bank'—with wering carrying the additional meaning of 'dam' and, hence, 'weir.'
The English surnames Waring, Wareing and Wearing may be of the same derivation as Waering. However, Charles Wareing Endell Bardsley, author of A Dictionary of English and Welsh Surnames, and others assert that Waring and Wareing are derived from the Norman Warin (meaning to 'guard' or 'protect' in Frankish), Bardsley asserts that the g was added through a process of excrescence akin to Jennin becoming Jenning. Skeat accused Bardsley of confusing Wæring with Warin, pointing out that "both the original vowel and the suffix differ." Thomas William Shore used the spelling Waring for the Varangians, calling them a "mixed race," mentioning a possible connection to the Germanic Warini people, and locating their homeland on the southwest shore of the Baltic Sea. That location also aligns with Vesevolod Merkulov's identification of the Varangians with the Slavic Wagri people.
In any case, Væringi entered into Medieval Latin as Varangus and was borrowed into Slavic languages and Greek as a result, respectively, of Varangian rule over Kievan Rus' and their service in the Varangian Guard. The guard was initially exclusively Scandinavian, but exiled Anglo-Saxon mercenaries began to dominate it after the Norman Conquest of England. The Russian varyag ('a peddler') and the Ukrainian varjah ('a big strong man') are both derived from Varangus.
Spelling in other languages
The predominant spelling of the surname in modern Danish and Norwegian, Væring (more rarely Wæring), means a 'Varangian' in both of those languages. Omitting Waring, Wareing and Wearing as contested, Waering is the principal spelling in both English and German, and the surname also appears as Wäring in both German and Swedish. In the latter language, it can likewise be written as Väring, which is also the name of a locality in Skövde Municipality. All of these spellings are equivalent in their various alphabets. Both the Dano-Norwegian æ and the German and Swedish ä represent the combination of the letters a and e. The letters w and v used to be considered identical in the Scandinavian languages. In Swedish orthography, w was used specifically in the Fraktur typeface to indicate indigenous words pronounced with the voiced labiodental fricative (the "v-sound"). Since the abandonment of Fraktur, w appears mainly in loanwords, as well as in some indigenous, w-holdover surnames. This is similar to Danish, in which the interfiling of v and w (as if they were the same letter) was only deprecated in 1980. Norwegian uses v for the voiced labiodental fricative even in most loanwords, but some indigenous surnames likewise continue to be spelled with w.
Source of names in paleontology
A famous bearer of this surname was the renowned Cuban-born Norwegian-American paleontologist who published under the pen name Erik Norman Kjellesvig-Waering. They were born Erik Norman Kjellesvig, a Norwegian citizen, son of Magne Kjellesvig. Their 1938 United States naturalization record notes that they were also known as Erik Norman Waering, the name appearing on their 1940 draft registration and 1956 marriage certificate. Erik K. Waering appears on their gravestone and Florida death record. The Waeringopterus genus of eurypterids, a group of extinct aquatic arthropods, is named for him. The genus is part of the Waeringopteridae family and Waeringopteroidae super family. There is also a genus of fusulinida named Waeringella.
List of notable people with the surname
(1892–1978), Swedish writer and journalist
(1912–1979), Norwegian-American paleontologist
Jennie Waering, Assistant United States Attorney
(1837–1906), Norwegian photographer and founder of the Fotoarkiv O. Væring
, Danish singer and songwriter
Notes
References
Danish-language surnames
English-language surnames
German-language surnames
Norwegian-language surnames
Swedish-language surnames
Lubiao Subdistrict () formerly a town situated in western Anning City, Yunnan province, southwestern China. Its status changed to a subdistrict of Anning in 2011. The name Lubiao means "a place with many white stones" in Yi language.
References
Anning, Yunnan
Township-level divisions of Kunming
Alan Barnett was a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. They competed from 1969 to 1971 in the Grand Prix world championships. Their best season was in 1969 when they finished the season in fifth place in the 500cc world championship.
References
Alan Barnett career statistics at MotoGP.com
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
British motorcycle racers
250cc World Championship riders
350cc World Championship riders
500cc World Championship riders
Isle of Man TT riders
Place of birth missing (living people)
The first season of the drama television series Winners & Losers originally aired between 22 March and 23 August 2011 on the Seven Network in Australia. The season consisted of 22 episodes and aired on Tuesdays at 8:30 pm, replacing Packed to the Rafters.
Production
The season was first aired on the Seven Network in Australia on 22 March 2011. The executive producer was John Holmes and the producer was Maryanne Carroll. Level Two Music helped to supply music for the series.
Plot
When you're 27 years old, high school feels like a long time ago. But how much do we really change in ten years? Does a successful career or a hot fiancé make you one of life's winners? Or are we still the same old losers we were in high school?
With a surprise invite to their "Ten Year High School Reunion", Bec, Jenny, Frances and Sophie are about to discover what it really means to be a winner.
Cast
Main
Melissa Bergland as Jenny Gross
Virginia Gay as Frances James
Zoe Tuckwell-Smith as Bec Gilbert
Melanie Vallejo as Sophie Wong
Damien Bodie as Jonathan Kurtiss
Blair McDonough as Matt O'Connor
Stephen Phillips as Zach Armstrong (19 episodes)
Tom Wren as Doug Graham
Denise Scott as Trish Gross
Francis Greenslade as Brian Gross (20 episodes)
Sarah Grace as Bridget Fitzpatrick (16 episodes)
Jack Pearson as Patrick Gross (20 episodes)
Recurring
Mike Smith as Callum Gilbert (17 episodes)
Paul Moore as Wes Fitzpatrick (12 episodes)
Mark Leonard-Winter as JB Bartlett (8 episodes)
Nick Simpson-Deeks as Rhys Mitchell (7 episodes)
Nell Feeney as Carolyn Gilbert (7 episodes)
Natalie Walker as Donna Wong (6 episodes)
Michala Banas as Tiffany Turner (5 episodes)
Geoff Morrell as Paul Armstrong (5 episodes)
Carmen Duncan as Prof. Kerry Green (4 episodes)
Dan Feurerriegel as Jake Peters (4 episodes)
Glenda Linscott as Lily Patterson (4 episodes)
PiaGrace Moon as Jasmine Patterson (4 episodes)
Guest
Lawrence Mooney as Trevor Myers (3 episodes)
Greg Stone as Steve Gilbert (3 episodes)
Nicki Paull as Leanne O'Connor (3 episodes)
Judith McGrath as Maria Crawley (2 episodes)
Rob Mills as Sean Brody (2 episodes)
Jacob Allan as Chugga McKinnon (2 episodes)
Natalie Saleeba as Claire Armstrong (2 episodes)
Todd McKenney as Bryce Thomson (1 episode)
Julia Blake as Gwen Armstrong (1 episode)
John Flaus as Don Armstrong (1 episode)
Madeleine West as Deidre Gross (1 episode)
Kevin Harrington as Nev Barnsworth (1 episode)
Casting
The season had a cast of twelve actors who received star billing.
Melissa Bergland, Zoe Tuckwell-Smith, Melanie Vallejo and Virginia Gay portrayed the four protagonists or "losers"; Jenny Gross, Bec Gilbert, Sophie Wong and Frances James respectively. During early production, the four actores were forced to spend time together to build up chemistry between them. Former Neighbours actors Blair McDonough and Damien Bodie played Matt O'Connor and Jonathan Kurtiss. Tom Wren portrayed Doug Graham, Sophie's best friend. Stephen Phillips starred as Zach Armstrong, Frances' business partner and love interest. Comedian Denise Scott appeared as Trish Gross, while Francis Greenslade portrayed Brian Gross, Jenny's parents. Jack Pearson and Sarah Grace portrayed Jenny's siblings Patrick and Bridget Gross.
A number of secondary characters were also portrayed throughout the season, including Michala Banas as Tiffany Turner, the woman who bullied Jenny, Bec, Sophie and Frances during high school. PiaGrace Moon was cast as Frances' younger sister Jasmine Patterson. Lawrence Mooney appeared as Trevor Myers, Geoff Morrell as Paul Armstrong, Mark Leonard Winter as James 'JB' Bartlett, Madeleine West as Deidre Gross, Scott McGregor as Brett, Todd McKenney as Jenny's Boss and Alex Perry as a Fashion Presenter.
Episodes
{| class="wikitable plainrowheaders" style="margin: auto; width: 100%"
|-
!! style="background-color:#A0C435; color: #000; text-align: center;" width=5%|No. inseries
!! style="background-color:#A0C435; color: #000; text-align: center;" width=5%|No. inseason
!! style="background-color:#A0C435; color: #000; text-align: center;" width=25%|Title
!! style="background-color:#A0C435; color: #000; text-align: center;" width=16%|Directed by
!! style="background-color:#A0C435; color: #000; text-align: center;" width=28%|Written by
!! style="background-color:#A0C435; color: #000; text-align: center;" width=14%|Original air date
!! style="background-color:#A0C435; color: #000; text-align: center;" width=7%|Australian viewers
|-
|}
DVD release
Reception
Critical response
A writer from The Advertiser said that the series was a success because the "creative force Bevan Lee" was behind it. Jim Schembri writing for The Sydney Morning Herald had praise for the "fresh, brightly coloured, high-end soap", labelling the characters as "some of the most engaging" on television. The Age's reviewer observed the series as having "powerful themes of friendship, karma and justice for the underdog", which were played with subtle tone unlike other shows. They added that the mixture of "lively characters" and comedy made for "an engaging hour of television". Other columnists from The Age criticised certain aspects of the series. Paul Kalina accused Winners & Losers of playing it safe by implementing similar elements which made Packed to the Rafters a successful show.
Bridget McManus came to the conclusion that the series had eventually lost the "edge" it once possessed and even began to resemble a "poor girl's Sex and the City". A fellow columnist from The Age had also drawn comparisons to the American drama. McManus continued by identifying the main problem as being that the "potentially interesting characters" not being used as much as the four female protagonists. They concluded that the quartet were tired stereotypes of "the virgin, the damned whore, God's police officer and a clown." Writing for the Radio Times, Claire Webb commented that Winners & Losers was "hardly the most original plot", but added "Still, the sassy script rattles rib-ticklingly along, and it's easy to see why this Australian series proved so popular Down Under."
Ratings
The pilot episode of Winners & Losers averaged 1.7 million viewers. It was the number one show in the 16–39 and 25–54 demographics, helping to win the network the night with a 33.6 per cent share. Seven decided to air the second and third episodes back to back, securing the highest ratings for the night once again with averages of 1.7 and 1.5 million viewers. The series continued to fare well in the ratings over the following weeks, which prompted a reporter from The Advertiser to state "No doubt part of Winners & Losers' early success can be attributed to creative force Bevan Lee, also the drama whiz behind Rafters and one-time ratings hit Always Greener. However, the ratings for the seventh episode "Like a Virgin" revealed Winners & Losers had lost over four hundred thousand viewers since its debut. The episode averaged 1.2 million viewers. The commercial audience of the series also dropped from 37.6 to 33.5, but it remained one of the twelve most watched programs in Australia.
Accolades
During its first season, Winners & Losers and its cast were nominated for six awards. The series received a nomination for Best Television Program from the AACTA Television Awards, while Tom Wren earned a nomination for Best Male Performance. The actor was later nominated for Most Popular New Male Talent at the Logie Awards, while Winners & Losers gathered a nomination in the Most Popular Drama Series category. Actress Melissa Bergland won the Most Popular New Female Talent award, while also garnering a nomination for Most Outstanding New Talent.
References
External links
2011 Australian television seasons
The New in You is a 1985 album by the California State University, Los Angeles Jazz Ensemble. It was the group's first recording under the direction of David Caffey. The group's student musicians have included Sharon Hirata, Luis Bonilla, Phil Feather, Jack Cooper, Charlie Richard, Mark Gutierrez, and Jose Arellano.
Background
In 1984 and 1985 the California State University, Los Angeles Music Department and CSULA Associated Students decided to fund LP recordings of the jazz ensemble to better serve as a teaching tool for student music, jazz groups. The New In You are the first of six albums to come from CSULA during the 1980s featuring the award winning CSULA #1 Jazz Ensemble. The LP contains tracks from the #1 CSULA Jazz Ensemble to include compositions of three students, one from the director (professor David Caffey), and two from Neil Slater.
There is a consistent tradition of musicians coming from the CSULA program who have worked with major musical acts, on major studio and movie projects, and hold positions in higher education in music. The roster on this album is self-evident as to the diversity and level of student musicians CSULA developed at that time and had for many years dating far back to musicians (graduates) such as Lennie Niehaus and Gabe Baltazar.
Track listing
Recording Sessions
Recorded: May 25 and 31 1985, Sage and Sound Recording, Hollywood, California
Mixing: June 14, 1985 Sage and Sound Recording, Hollywood, California
Print music from this recording
Inside Outfluence is published by Neil Slater Publications
The New In You was commissioned by the Cypress College Jazz Ensemble, George Beyer - director and is published by UNC Jazz Press
Sierra Sunset is published by UNC Jazz Press
Struttin''' is published by UNC Jazz PressPlaces'' is published by Neil Slater Publications
Personnel
Musicians
Conductor: David Caffey
Saxes and woodwinds: Charlie Richard, Sharon Hirata, Phil Feather, Jack Cooper, Randall Wills, David Holland, Scott Ackerman
Trumpets and flugelhorns: Tim Neff, Ken Montgomery, Barry Russell, John Le Febvre
Trombones: Gary Smith, Luis Bonilla, José Arellano, John Sandhagen
Guitar and Piano: Mark Gutierrez
Bass: Gerald Stockton
Drums: John Severino
Production
Recording engineers: Jim Mooney
Mixing engineers: Jim Mooney and David Caffey
Mastering: K Disc
Cover art: Randy Piland
References
External links
The New in You at Allmusic Guide
1985 albums
California State University, Los Angeles Jazz Ensemble albums
Seward County (standard abbreviation: SW) is a county of the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 21,964. The largest city and county seat is Liberal. The county was formed on March 20, 1873 and named after William Henry Seward, an American politician and Secretary of State under Abraham Lincoln and Andrew Johnson.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water. It borders Oklahoma to the south.
Adjacent counties
Haskell County (north)
Meade County (east)
Beaver County, Oklahoma (southeast)
Texas County, Oklahoma (southwest)
Stevens County (west)
Demographics
The Liberal, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Seward County.
As of the census of 2000, there were 22,510 people, 7,419 households, and 5,504 families residing in the county. The population density was 35 people per square mile (14/km2). There were 8,027 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 65.44% White, 3.78% Black or African American, 0.77% Native American, 2.86% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 23.81% from other races, and 3.27% from two or more races. 42.14% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 7,419 households, out of which 43.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.60% were married couples living together, 10.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.80% were non-families. 20.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.46.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 32.00% under the age of 18, 11.70% from 18 to 24, 30.50% from 25 to 44, 16.90% from 45 to 64, and 8.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,752, and the median income for a family was $41,134. Males had a median income of $29,765 versus $21,889 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,059. About 13.90% of families and 16.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.00% of those under age 18 and 7.30% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Seward County has voted Republican since 1940. The last time Seward County voted for a Democratic candidate for President was when it favored incumbent Democrat Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936 over Kansas Governor Alf Landon. In the Kansas Senate it is currently represented by Republican Garrett Love. In the Kansas House of Representatives it is represented by Republicans Bill Light and Carl Holmes.
In 2016, Hillary Clinton became the first Democrat to break 30% in Seward County since Jimmy Carter in 1976.
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 1996, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Liberal USD 480
Kismet-Plains USD 483
Communities
Cities
Kismet
Liberal
Unincorporated communities
Hayne
Townships
Seward County is divided into three townships. The city of Liberal is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
References
Notes
Further reading
External links
County
Seward County - Directory of Public Officials
Seward County Historical Society
Historical railroad trestle - "Samson of the Cimarron"
Samson of the Cimarron, kansastravel.org
Mighty Samson Bridge nears 73rd birthday , leaderandtimes.com
Sampson of the Cimarron history, rits.org
Maps
Seward County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1873 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1873
HV71 (), often referred to as just HV, is a Swedish professional ice hockey club based in Jönköping, playing in the Swedish Hockey League (SHL), the first tier of Swedish ice hockey. The team played in the 2008–09 Champions Hockey League season, and also participates in the new Champions Hockey League tournament since the 2014–15 season. Between 2008 and 2013, HV also participated in the European Trophy tournament. With the exception of a one-year stint in the 2021–22 season in Sweden's second tier, HockeyAllsvenskan, where they won the promotion playoffs, the club has played continuously in the SHL since 1986.
History
HV71 was founded on May 24, 1971, as a merger between Husqvarna IF and Vätterstads IK, and took the name Huskvarna/Vätterstads IF later that year it was shortened to the current name HV71. The club first entered the top Swedish league, Elitserien, in 1979, but was soon relegated. They won promotion again in 1985–86 and have remained in the top division ever since with the exception of the 2021-22 season, and are as of the 2000s a well-established top club in Sweden. The club has won the national championship five times; 1995, 2004, 2008, 2010 and 2017. For a few years in the late 1990s, HV71 was also called the Blue Bulls.
Many Swedes associate HV71 with the club's old arena Rosenlundshallen, which was inaugurated in 1958 as Sweden's first indoor ice hockey arena, but was replaced in 2000 with the new and improved Kinnarps Arena. As the new arena was built around and on top of Rosenlundshallen, HV71 practically played its games during the season 1999–00 in a construction site.
On December 6, 2006, HV71 topped Elitserien after a 5-2-win over Färjestads BK, at the same time as the club's two youth teams (under 20 and 18 years old) topped their leagues, J20 SuperElit and J18 Elit. This was an event that had never happened before in HV71's entire club history.
1994–95 season
HV71 won its first national championship season 1994–95 as the last (8th) team to qualify for the playoffs. The club is the only team in Swedish history to win the finals after ending as the 8th team at the end of the regular season. In the quarter-finals HV beat Djurgårdens IF Hockey, the team that finished first in the regular season, in three straight games. In the semifinal they came back after having lost the first two games to Malmö Redhawks, the team which was then defending champions, and turned the series around to a 3–2 victory. Finally they managed a decisive sudden death victory in the final against Brynäs IF in the fourth period of the fifth game to win the championship. The name of the historical scorer was Johan Lindbom, but other big heroes during the play-offs were the goalie Boo Ahl and the Finnish center-forward Esa Keskinen.
2003–04 season
The second championship was won during the season 2003–04 after beating Modo Hockey with a 4–2-game series, Frölunda HC with 4–2 in games in the semi-finals, and then winning the finals with a 4-3 match series against Färjestads BK. In the quarter-finals HV71 set a new Swedish record of scoring the most goals in one period with their seven in the first period of the second game against Modo Hockey. In fact they scored the seven goals during the last ten minutes of the period. The game ended with a 10–1 victory. In the final, goalie Stefan Liv managed to keep their goal empty in all four games that the team won, the two last games ending 1-0 and 5-0 respectively. They also kept the goal empty in the last semi-final, which means they managed this for five consecutive wins.
2005–06 season
HV71 finished the regular season 2005–06 as winner of the league table. For the first time in HV71's history the club faced Mora IK in the quarter-finals, winning the match series with 4–1. In the semi-finals the club was pitted against Färjestads BK. The match series did not have a winner until the last minute of the seventh game. Färjestads BK scored two goals in a matter of seconds during the last minute of the game, turning the game over and thus ending HV71's season. This is often considered the toughest loss in the history of HV71.
2006–07 season
HV71 ended the regular season as the second placed team after Färjestads BK. HV chose to meet Brynäs IF in the quarter-finals and managed after seven games (4 wins and 3 losses) to continue to the semifinals. The team faced Modo Hockey and even with home advantage HV did not manage to proceed to the finals having lost four out of seven games. This meant that HV for the second consecutive year lost a seven games series in the semifinal to the eventual Swedish champion.
During the season the newly acquired defenceman Johan Åkerman was a trendsetting player and also made their national debut for Sweden at the age of 34. HV's starting goaltender, Erik Ersberg, had their breakthrough and played for the national team; and was awarded with the Honken Trophy as Sweden's best goaltender. During the off-season they signed with the NHL team Los Angeles Kings.
2007–08 season
The 2007–08 season saw HV71 winning their third Swedish Championship, the second during the 2000s. HV71 finished the regular season as the league champion with 107 points, 15 points ahead of the second placed team Linköpings HC. HV defeated Skellefteå AIK in the quarter-finals, winning the series 4–1. In the semifinals HV met the fifth seeded team, Timrå IK. HV advanced to the finals after winning the series 4–2. In the finals HV managed to defeat Linköpings HC in six games, coming back from 2-0 down after the first two games. The sixth game went into overtime with HV's newly signed player Eric Johansson scoring the game-winning goal and winning the Swedish Championship.
Season-by-season record
This is a partial list, featuring the five most recent completed seasons. For a more complete list, see List of HV71 seasons.
Players and personnel
Current roster
Team captains
Fredrik Stillman, D, 1993–1995,
Stefan Örnskog, LW, 1996–1997
Fredrik Stillman, D, 1997–1999
Per Gustafsson, D, 1999–2001
Johan Davidsson, C, 2002–2013
David Petrasek, D, 2013–2014
Ted Brithén, C, 2014–2016
Chris Abbott, C, 2016–2017
Martin Thörnberg, LW, 2017–2020
Simon Önerud, LW, 2021–present
Retired numbers
Franchise records and leaders
Individual season records
Most Goals in a season: Kai Nurminen, 31 (1995–96)
Most Assists in a season: Johan Davidsson, 46 (2009–10)
Most Points in a season: Esa Keskinen, 59 (1995–96)
Most Penalty Minutes in a season: Lance Ward, 273 (2006–07) (Elitserien record)
Most Points in a season, defenseman: David Petrasek, 53 (2009–10) (Elitserien record)
Most Points in a season, rookie: Kai Nurminen, 55 (1995–96) (Elitserien record)
Most Shutouts in a season: Stefan Liv, 6 (2003–04)
Source:
Scoring leaders
These are the top-ten point-scorers in club history. Figures are updated after each completed SHL regular season.
Note: Pos = Position; GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; P/G = Points per game; = current HV71 player
Trophies and awards
Team
Le Mat Trophy
1994–95, 2003–04, 2007–08, 2009–10, 2016–17
Individual
Coach of the Year
Sune Bergman: 1994–95
Pär Mårts: 2003–04
Kent Johansson: 2007–08
Guldhjälmen
Kari Eloranta: 1985–86
Esa Keskinen: 1995–96
Andreas Karlsson: 2005–06
Johan Davidsson: 2008–09
Guldpucken
Ulf Dahlén: 1997–98
Johan Davidsson: 2003–04
Stefan Liv: 2007–08Guldskridskon
Fredrik Stillman: 1994–95
Honken Trophy
Stefan Liv: 2001–02
Erik Ersberg: 2006–07
Rinkens riddare
Johan Davidsson: 2002–03
Johan Davidsson: 2003–04
Johan Davidsson: 2004–05
Rookie of the Year
Peter Madach: 1979–80
Source:
References
External links
HV71's official website
Swedish Hockey League teams
Ice hockey teams in Sweden
Ice hockey clubs established in 1971
Sport in Jönköping
Ice hockey teams in Jönköping County
1971 establishments in Sweden
Bhrigu Ashram is a temple in Ballia. The dadri mela which is the second largest cattle fair in India takes place every year from a distance of about one kilometre away from here
The Ashram is located south east of Ballia, at a distance of about 2 km from bus stand, which is 142 km from Varanasi. Ballia is well connected to other parts of state by rail and road (NER Railway Line & NH-19, SH-1) and can be accessed by air from Babatpur airport, Varanasi (about 159 km).
History
Ballia is said to have derived its name from Valmiki, the celebrated author of the Ramayana. Another tradition has it that it derived its name from balua (sand) and still another traditional association of the place is with the ancient sage, Bhrigu (the tract also being referred to as Bhrigu Kshetra), who is said to have sojourned here. Thousands of Rishies are said to have performed puja here. A fine temple known as Bhrigu Mandir, contains the idols of Bhrigu & their disciple Dadar Muni. Bhrigu Muni, is supposed to have written Bhrigu Samhita here, which is considered to be an important document pertaining to future predictions almost about every person.
References
Rishis
Prajapatis
Cities and towns in Ballia district
Hindu temples in Uttar Pradesh
Grupo RBS is a Brazilian media conglomerate founded on August 31, 1957 by Maurício Sirotsky Sobrinho. One of Brazil's largest communication groups, it is also the largest one affiliated with Rede Globo. The media group is made up by radio and television stations as well as newspapers and online news portals, which deliver journalistic and entertainment content. Along with its more than 6,000 employees, Grupo RBS constitutes the second largest company in Brazil when it comes to the number of journalists employed.
Grupo RBS owns 12 broadcasting TV stations affiliated to Rede Globo (RBS TV), 2 local broadcasting TV stations (TVCOM Florianópolis and OCTO OC Porto Alegre), 24 radio stations (Rádio Gaúcha, Rádio Atlântida, Rádio Itapema, Rádio Cidade, Rádio Farroupilha, Rádio CBN Porto Alegre, Rádio CBN Diário, Rádio Rural), and 8 newspapers (Zero Hora, Diário Gaúcho, Pioneiro, Diário de Santa Maria, Diário Catarinense, Hora de Santa Catarina, Jornal de Santa Catarina, A Notícia).
Grupo RBS also operates a digital company, e.Bricks Digital, made up of technology enterprises through which the media group makes itself present in areas such as technology and digital media, mobile and segment-specific e-commerce.
Grupo RBS has yet other branches of operation: HSM (executive education, media and events company) – Digital Product Development unit – Kzuka (aimed at young audiences) – Events – RBS Publicações (book publishing) – Orbeat Music (record company) – Mídia Gráfica (printing) – Vialog (logistics company) – Fundação Maurício Sirotsky Sobrinho (social trust).
Grupo RBS' institutional campaigns
Institutional campaigns are one of Grupo RBS' most traditional actions and one of its most important social investment traditions. Nonprofit and noncommercial whatsoever, these are great social mobilization campaigns which involve all of the company's multimedia platforms, as well as it co-workers, and include branches such as editorial (News broadcast/published by the group's media outlets) advertising (advertisements carried on all media) and institutional (mobilization actions alongside government and community agents).
In recent years, RBS has raised its voice on a variety of issues such as road safety, child protection and crack abuse prevention. These campaigns have achieved countless results, among which stand out the establishment of a Child and Youth Debate Day, already in its 10th year; a partnership set out with the National Justice Council for the country-wide airing of the Crack, Nem Pensar (Don't Even Think About Crack) campaign in 2011 (the crack abuse prevention campaign); and the establishment of the Instituto Crack, Nem Pensar (The Don't Even Think About Crack Institute), based in Porto Alegre.
Love is the Best Inheritance, Take Care of the Kids
The institutional campaign "O Amor é a Melhor Herança, Cuide das Crianças" (Love is the Best Inheritance, Take Care of the Kids) was launched in June 2003, and had intended to highlight the importance of care that the society must have with kids and teens. This campaign also featured the presence of five friendly monsters and their cubs: the Devil, the Bogeyman, the Witch, the Headless Mule and the Black Face Ox. At the end of 2003, join the sixth monster, the Bad Wolf with their puppies.
Education Needs Answers
The institutional campaign “A Educação Precisa de Respostas” (Education Needs Answers) was launched in 2012 as a wide-range society mobilization campaign. Led by Grupo RBS, it aims at bringing forward discussion groups and the search for solutions to elevate the level of primary education across Brazil and specially within Rio Grande do Sul and Santa Catarina states.
The campaign was carried on as a partnership with Fundação Maurício Sirotsky Sobrinho (FMSS) and took on three lines of action: editorial, advertising and institutional. This campaign also sets education as the main focus of Grupo RBS' social investment, hereby reinforcing the company's historic compromise towards sustained development within the communities in which it makes itself present.
Grupo RBS' educational campaign will take on a new phase in 2013. Education-related subjects will continue to be featured as a main editorial concern within RBS' media outlets while new institutional actions shall promote even more community-based mobilization and engagement towards the cause throughout the year.
Segments
Television
RBS TV
TVCOM (Florianópolis only)
OCTO OC
Radio
Farroupilha AM+FM
Rural AM
CBN 1340, Porto Alegre
Rede Gaúcha Sat
Itapema FM
Rede Atlântida
CBN Diário, Florianópolis
Live rádios
Rio Grande do Sul
Farroupilha AM on frequency 680 kHz AM
92 FM on frequency 92.1 MHz FM
CBN Porto Alegre AM, Porto Alegre on frequency 1.340 kHz AM
Rádio Gaúcha Porto Alegre, on frequency 600 kHz FMs and on frequency 93,7 MHz FM; Santa Maria, on frequency 105,7 MHz FM; Caxias do Sul, on frequency 102,7 MHz FM
Rádio 102.3 FM Porto Alegre, on frequency 102,3 MHz FM
Rede Atlântida
Rio Grande do Sul
Atlântida Caxias do Sul - 105,7 MHz[21]
Atlântida Passo Fundo - 97,1 MHz[22]
Atlântida Pelotas - 95,3 MHz[23]
Atlântida Porto Alegre - 94,3 MHz[24]
Atlântida Rio Grande - 102,1 MHz[25]
Atlântida Santa Cruz - 93,3 MHz[26]
Atlântida Santa Maria - 94,3 MHz[27]
Atlântida Tramandaí - 104,7 MHz[28]
Santa Catarina
Atlântida Blumenau - 102,7 MHz[29]
Atlântida Joinville - 104,3 MHz[30]
Atlântida Chapecó - 99,3 MHz[31]
Atlântida Criciúma - 97,3 MHz[32]
Atlântida Florianópolis - 100,9 MHz[33]
CBN Diário Florianópolis on frequency 740 kHz AM[34]
Newspapers
Zero Hora
Diário Gaúcho
Pioneiro
Diário de Santa Maria
Diário Catarinense
Jornal de Santa Catarina
Hora de Santa Catarina
A Notícia
O Sol Diário; a supplement for the group's Santa Catarina newspapers inserted in the editions destined for the Itajaí micro-region and displaying regional news articles.
Internet
clicRBS
hagah
Predicta
ObaOba
Pense Imóveis
Pense Carros
Pense Empregos
Guia Da Semana
Grupo .Mobi
Wine Vinhos
Lets
Vitrinepix
Hi-Mídia
Logistics
Vialog
Other ventures
Book publisher: RBS Publicações
Record company: Orbeat Music
Trust: Fundação Maurício Sirotsky Sobrinho
See also
List of newspapers in Brazil
References
External links
Official Site
Companies based in Rio Grande do Sul
Newspaper companies of Brazil
Mass media companies of Brazil
Mass media in Porto Alegre
Mass media companies established in 1957
1957 establishments in Brazil
{{speciesbox
| name = White-chinned prinia
| image = White-chinned Prinia - Kakamega Kenya 06 1467 (17320726175).jpg
| status = LC
| status_system = IUCN3.1
| status_ref=
| genus = Schistolais
| species = leucopogon
| authority = (Cabanis, 1875)
| subdivision_ranks = Subspecies
| subdivision =
S. l. leucopogonS. l. reichenowi| synonyms =
}}
The white-chinned prinia (Schistolais leucopogon), also known as the white-chinned warbler, is a species of bird in the family Cisticolidae.
The white-chinned prinia was described by the German ornithologist Jean Cabanis in 1875 and given the binomial name Drymoeca leucopogon. The specific epithet leucopogon is from the Ancient Greek leukos for "white" and pōgōn'', "beard".
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Angola, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Kenya, Nigeria, Rwanda, South Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda, and Zambia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical moist montane forest, and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
References
white-chinned prinia
Birds of Central Africa
white-chinned prinia
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Spirit is a scooterette manufactured in India by Bajaj Auto, a motorised vehicle manufacturing company. It is powered by a two-stroke, 60 cc, single-cylinder, air-cooled engine. It has a two-speed automatic transmission, with kick/electrically started ignition. It was launched in 1999, "targeted at the youth segment, Spirit is ideal for college students. As it is light in weight, women can also ride it. The USP, of course, is its two-speed automatic transmission" is how it is described by The Financial Express quoting Bajaj officials. Naushad Forbes et al. consider it as being launched in January 2000. Spirit was one of the eighteen models Bajaj Auto launched in eighteen months "...after eighteen years with one model..." as its president is quoted saying.
Features
Bajaj Spirit has 60 cc two stroke all aluminium engine. Superior gradeability to take on steep terrain with ease. Anti-dive system for more effective and safe braking. International styling with clean rounded contours. Unique 2 speed automatic gear transmission for enhanced performance. Front suspension with hydraulic dampers for the most comfortable ride. Softer rear suspension for superior comfort for the pillion rider as well. Easy electric start. Convenient turning radius for easy maneuverability to weave in and out of city traffic. Bajaj Spirit was Priced around Rs. 27000/- Approx. It has 2 versions earlier one with a rectangular headlamp and the later one with a smiling headlamp. Mileage of this vehicle is expected to be near 35 - 43Kmpl.
Awards
Bajaj Spirit won the best scooter and the best indigenous vehicle from Overdrive a Network 18 media venture in 2000, the award citation described it as "perky little Bajaj Spirit... a small-sized, sleek look commuter with a big heart... Probably the best styled machine along with superbly engineered mechanicals, the Bajaj Spirit shows what Indian ingenuity can do... Highly reliable, quite frugal and strong performance... in Indian traffic conditions"
References
Spirit
Indian motor scooters
Motorcycles introduced in 1999
Alfred (Al) Mansfeld ( ; 2 March 1912 – 15 March 2004) was an Israeli architect.
Biography
Mansfeld was born in Saint Petersburg, Russia in 1912. While still a child, they moved with their family to Berlin, Germany. They began studying architecture in 1931 at the Technische Hochschule Berlin (Berlin Institute of Technology) but, with the rise of the Nazis to power, they moved in 1933 to Paris, France, where they completed their studies in 1935 at the École Spéciale d'Architecture, as a student of the architect, Auguste Perret, a pioneer of concrete construction. In 1935, they emigrated to Mandate Palestine.
In 1949, Mansfied joined the faculty of the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology, where they taught for over forty years and was Dean of Faculty of Architecture from 1954 to 1956.
Mansfield was the senior partner in the Haifa firm of Mansfeld-Kehat Architects, which they founded in 1935, and of which their son, Michael Mansfeld, is a partner.
They died on 15 March 2004, at their home, designed by him, in central Carmel, Haifa, Israel.
Selected projects
The interior design of the Israel Museum, jointly with Dora Gad (1965);
The interior design, together with architect Dora Gad, of the five ships of Zim, Israel's largest shipping company (1955–1975);
Haifa Auditorium;
Tikotin Museum of Japanese Art, Haifa;
The Zim Building, Haifa;
The Stella Maris neighbourhood in Haifa;
The Wilfrid Israel Museum on Kibbutz HaZore'a;
The master plan and the first buildings of the hospital in Nahariya;
The Mazer Building (now the Feldman Building) on the Givat Ram campus of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem;
Buildings at Yad Vashem, Jerusalem.
Awards and honours
In 1966, they won the Israel Prize, in architecture, jointly with Dora Gad, with whom they had designed the interior of Israel Museum.
In 1969, they received the "Gold Plaquette" for Foreign Architects from the Association of German Architects (BDA - Bund Deutscher Architekten).
In 1971, they were elected member of the Berlin Academy.
In 1976, they were awarded the Rechter Prize, for planning the Stella Maris neighbourhood in Haifa.
In 1983, they were elected an honorary member of the Paris Academy.
In 2001, they received an honorable mention from the Architects Association.
See also
List of Israel Prize recipients
References
External links
1912 births
2004 deaths
20th-century Russian Jews
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to Mandatory Palestine
Architects in Mandatory Palestine
Israeli architects
Israel Prize in architecture recipients
Members of the Academy of Arts, Berlin
École Spéciale d'Architecture alumni
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to Germany
"Who'd They Coo?" was a hit song for The Ohio Players in 1976. Released from their hit album Contradiction, it spent one week at #1 on the Hot Soul Singles chart and peaked at #18 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart in September, 1976. "Who'd They Coo" was the group's last chart-topping single as well as their last entry in the Top 40.
Chart positions
References
1976 songs
Ohio Players songs
1976 singles
Mercury Records singles
Frank Calloway (July 2, 1915 – September 1, 2014) was an American self-taught artist. Diagnosed with schizophrenia in 1952, they were committed to Bryce Hospital and the Alabama Department of Mental Health in Tuscaloosa. They lived in the Alice M. Kidd Nursing Facility in Tuscaloosa. Their imagery was primarily agrarian, depicting the Old American South as they remembered it. They drew on butcher paper using crayons, pen and markers. The scrolls were either 24 or 36 inches high and Calloway made them anywhere from 8 to over 60 feet in length. While they claimed to be 112 years of age in 2008, research by gerontology experts deduced that they were actually born in 1915.
Work
While Calloway had always done some drawing, their prolific output as an artist dates from the time they took an art class in the 1980s. Some of their drawings, most of which portray the rural Southern United States of their youth, were part of an autumn 2008 exhibit at the American Visionary Art Museum in Baltimore, Maryland.
Select solo exhibitions
2011Frank Calloway, Andrew Edlin Gallery, New York
2009Frank Calloway: Pageants from the Old South, Andrew Edlin Gallery, New York
2006Kentuck Museum, Northport, AL
Select group exhibitions
2009In Through the outdoor, Andrew Edlin Gallery, New York
2008-09Marriage of Science, Art and Philosophy, the American Visionary Art Museum, Baltimore, MD
2006Consumer Art Exhibition, Montgomery Museum of Fine Arts, Montgomery, AL
Further reading
"Alabama Man Turns 112, Still Spends Days Drawing" USA Today Article on Frank Calloway (July 2008)
"Frank Calloway at Andrew Edlin" Elisabeth Kley, artnet (March 2011)
"LISTINGS: 'Frank Calloway: Pageants from the Old South' " Roberta Smith, The New York Times (May 8, 2009)
"Out Is In" N.F. Karlins, artnet (January 2009)
“Alabama Man Turns 112, Still Spends Days Drawing” Kate Brumback, Associated Press (July 21, 2008)
References
External links
Andrew Edlin Gallery NYC Gallery representing the work of Frank Calloway
1915 births
2014 deaths
American artists
People from Tuscaloosa, Alabama
20th-century African-American artists
21st-century African-American people
Nana Agyemang Badu I was a traditional ruler in Ghana and Paramount Chief of Dormaa Traditional Area in the Bono Region. Their official title was Dormaahene - King of Dormaa. They were the sixth president of the National House of Chiefs and served from 1978 to 1982. They were the first not to be affiliated to the asante region to head the National House of Chiefs since its inception. They were also the head of the Brong Ahafo regional House of Chiefs. They were the founding father of the Dormaa Secondary School also known as Dormas which is located in the heart of Dormaa Ahenkro Bono Region. Osagyefo was a close friend of the late Rtd.Ft. Lt.Jerry John Rawlings who was usually seen at the Kwafie festival. In their private life, Osagyefo was a medical doctor.
Osagyefo visited their ancestors in January 1998. Their successor is Agyemang Badu II, their nephew.
References
Kwafie Festival
Dormaa Ahenkro
People from Bono Region
Ghanaian leaders
The plumbeous-crowned tyrannulet (Phyllomyias plumbeiceps) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in the countries of Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montanes.
References
plumbeous-crowned tyrannulet
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
plumbeous-crowned tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Asen Denchev (, born 17 September 1959) is a Bulgarian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1959 births
Living people
Bulgarian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Bulgaria
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Mutu Banda Weerasekera Mediwake was a Sri Lankan educator and politician. They served as the Minister of Local Government and Housing, Member of Parliament and Member of Senate of Ceylon.
Mediwake gained a Teachers' Training Certificate (First Class) in English and Sinhalese and went on the serve as the Principal of Vidyartha College, Kandy. During World War II, they served as the chief civilian liaison officer of the Headquarters of the Allied Land Forces South East Asia in Kandy.
They were elected to the House of Representatives from the Minipe Electoral District in the 1956 general election. They were appointed Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Local Government and Cultural Affairs by S. W. R. D. Bandaranaike and in November 1959 they were appointed Minister of Local Government and Housing succeeding Vimala Wijewardene when they were dismissed from the cabinet of ministers following their arrest in connection to the Bandaranaike assassination. They served till March 1960 and was appointed to the Senate of Ceylon. They established the Kandyan Scholarship Fund.
References
Housing ministers of Sri Lanka
Local government and provincial councils ministers of Sri Lanka
Members of the 3rd Parliament of Ceylon
Members of the Senate of Ceylon
Parliamentary secretaries of Ceylon
Sinhalese politicians
Sinhalese teachers
Sri Lanka Freedom Party politicians
Nagar River can refer to:
Bangladesh
Nagar River (Rajshahi), a river beginning in Bogra District and joining the Atrai River in Natore District
Nagar River (Rangpur), a river that crosses the border from India in Panchagarh district and returns to India in Thakurgaon District
India
Nagar River (India), a river in the Uttar Dinajpur district of West Bengal
Pakistan
Hispar River (aka Nagar River), a river that joins the Hunza River in Gilgit-Baltistan
Cole Manger (born November 11, 1982) is a former American football wide receiver in the Arena Football League who played for the Columbus Destroyers, and Grand Rapids Rampage. They played college football for the Bowling Green Falcons.
Manger was also a member of the Bowling Green Falcons basketball team.
References
1982 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
Columbus Destroyers players
Grand Rapids Rampage players
Bowling Green Falcons football players
Bowling Green Falcons men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Tzeni Karezi (, 12 January 1934 – 26 July 1992), also known as Jenny Karezi, was a Greek film and stage actor.
Biography
Early life
Evgenia Karpouzi was born in Athens, Greece, to a mathematician father and high school teacher mother. They studied under the direction of the Sisters of St Joseph at a private French school in Thessaloniki, and later by the same Order in Athens. They learned French fluently. When they were a teenager, their father left the family and they continued to live with their mother. Them father died in a car accident in 1971.
In 1951 they were accepted at the Greek National Theater (Εθνικό Θέατρο), where they studied in the Drama School. The playwright Angelos Terzakis and the director Dimitris Rontiris were among their teachers. Upon graduation, in 1954, they were immediately thrust into starring roles in the theatre, playing alongside actors such as Alexis Minotis and Katina Paxinou.
Career
Them stage debut was in the Marika Kotopouli theatre in the French comedy, La belle Heléne, with Melina Mercouri and Vasilis Diamantopoulos. In 1955, Karezi made their cinema debut in the Alekos Sakellarios' comedy, Laterna, ftoheia kai filotimo in 1955, a massive success just like its sequel, Laterna, ftoheia kai garyfallo in 1957. For the soundtrack of the 1959 film To nisi ton genneon they recorded a song by future Academy Award-winner Manos Hadjidakis, "Min ton rotas ton ourano" ("Do not ask the sky").
Them career flourished in the 1960s, when they headed their own theater troupe in 1961 and starred in some of the most classic movies of the Greek cinema, like Lola (1964), Mia trelli ... trelli oikogeneia (1965), Tzeni-Tzeni (1966), and Kontserto gia polyvola (1967). Them the greatest film success was Ta kokkina fanaria (The Red Lanterns; 1963), which was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
Them last film appearance was in Aristophanes' Lysistrata (1972). Over the following decade, they continued to produce and star in such stage classics as Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, Medea and Electra. They appeared for the last time in theatre in 1990 in Loula Anagnostaki's play, Diamonds and the blues; suffering from terminal breast cancer, they were in great pain and had to leave the show.
Personal life
In May 1962 Karezi wed a journalist, Zahos Hadjifotiou, but this marriage ended in divorce two years later. In 1967, during the filming of Kontserto gia polyvola, they met Kostas Kazakos, with whom they had their only child, Konstantinos Kazakos, who became also an actor. They formed a popular duo and Karezi's repertoire shifted to more sophisticated and intellectual plays. They were led to prison where they spent several nights due to the play To megalo mas tsirko (Our Big Circus) in 1973, which insulted the Greek junta.
Death
Tzeni Karezi died on 26 July 1992 from cancer at their home and buried at public expense. They were believed to be 58 years old, although some sources gave their age as 56 or 60. Thousands were present to attend their funeral.
As a victim of metastatic cancer, they asked those close to them to make palliative care better known and to assist in its development so others suffering painful diseases or ailments would be able to live their last days with dignity. The Jenny Karezi Foundation is a non-profit Cancer Pain Relief and Palliative Care organization, founded in 1992, in memory of the Greek actor. The Foundation's mission is to relieve patients with cancer and other chronic diseases, through medical and psychological support.
Filmography
References
External links
1930s births
1992 deaths
Age controversies
Greek film actores
Greek stage actores
Actresses from Athens
Deaths from breast cancer
Deaths from cancer in Greece
20th-century Greek actores
Burials at the First Cemetery of Athens
Lambertiodes multipunctata is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in China.
The wingspan is 27.5-29.5 mm for males and 31.5 mm for females. The forewing ground colour is pale yellow, with a number of scattered dark brown dots. The hindwings are pale grey, but slightly yellowish at the apex.
Etymology
The specific name is derived from the Latin prefix multi- (meaning numerous) and punctatus (meaning punctuate) and refers to the many dark brown dots on the forewing.
References
Moths described in 2007
Sparganothini
The Black Canyon Wilderness Study Area is a Bureau of Land Management wilderness study area in Gooding County, Idaho between the towns of Gooding and Fairfield. It covers and has a state inholding that covers . The WSA is located on the Bennett Hills and features a small collection of rock features called hoodoos. The Black Canyon WSA is contiguous (but divided by dirt roads) with three other WSAs in the Bennett Hills: Little City of Rocks, Gooding City of Rocks East, and Gooding City of Rocks West. Portions of the WSA's borders are formed by dirt roads, which also separates it from the Little City of Rocks and Gooding City of Rocks East WSAs.
The majority of the WSA is flat prairie divided by canyons, but the northern section of the WSA is composed of rolling hills. Willows can be found along some of the intermittent drainages. Elevations in the WSA range from to . Wildlife that can be found in the WSA include elk, mule deer, coyote, and various birds of prey and upland game. Burnt Willow Canyon runs approximately north to south through the WSA. The WSA was not recommended to be included as part of the National Wilderness Preservation System because greater wilderness values can be found in the Gooding City of Rocks East and West WSAs. But the area will remain a WSA until it is released or designated a wilderness area.
References
Protected areas of Gooding County, Idaho
Protected areas established in 1992
Bureau of Land Management areas in Idaho
1992 establishments in Idaho
is a Japanese politician of the New Komeito Party, a member of the House of Councillors in the Diet (national legislature). A native of Osaka, Osaka and graduate of Keio University, they were elected to the House of Councillors for the first time in 2004 after working at Fuji Television where they produced news and opinion shows.
References
External links
Official website in Japanese.
Members of the House of Councillors (Japan)
Keio University alumni
Living people
1948 births
People from Osaka
New Komeito politicians
Suman Chakraborty (born 15 February 1990) is an Indian sports journalist, football commentator, TV presenter, football analyst and writer in English and Bangla. They have commentated on around 1000 official football matches.
Personal life
Suman Chakraborty was born on 15 February 1990, in a Bengali family in Kolkata, West Bengal.
Career
Chakraborty started working as a journalist in the Indian Super League in 2014. Then they worked as a football commentator at Ten Sports, Sony Six, Jalsha Movies and ESPN STAR Sports. They joined the Kolkata-based sports media house Xtra Time and worked as a sports journalist and football analyst there. They first commented in a Federation Cup match between Salgaocar FC and Bengaluru FC, at the Tilak Maidan in 2014, along with Novy Kapadia. They commentated in the Calcutta Football League, Federation Cup, Durand Cup. They also became the youngest to commentate in a FIFA World Cup qualifier match, in Sony Six. They also worked as the media manager in an Indian football club, Punjab FC. Currently, they are working at 1Sports as a commentator in I-League.
See also
Football in India
References
1990 births
Living people
English association football commentators
Sports journalism
The 1934 Belgian Grand Prix (formally the V Grand Prix de Belgique) was a Grand Prix motor race, which was run on 29 July 1934 in Spa-Francorchamps, Belgium. The race lasted 596.05 km (14.90 km x 40 laps). It was the fifth running of the Belgian Grand Prix.
Classification
Fastest Lap: Antonio Brivio (Bugatti T59), 5:45.0
Note: Mercedes and Auto Union teams withdrew when Belgian customs asked
the teams to pay BF180,000 duty on their alcohol based fuel.
For much more details inclunding Starting Grid
References
Belgian Grand Prix
Belgian Grand Prix
Grand Prix
Video coding, in the postal market, refers to entering address details manually if they cannot be retrieved automatically by OCR software. The address details on the postal items will be scanned by the sorting machine and this image will be sent to a computer that is connected to the network. Professionally trained data specialists receive the image, enter the correct address details and send them back, so that the sorting machine can sort the mail properly.
Real-time vs. off-line
In the case of real-time video coding, the address details are returned within seconds, so that the sorting machine can sort the mail instantly.
In the case of offline video coding, the address details are returned after a few hours, so that the mail needs to be fed to the sorting machine for a second time.
On-side vs. off-side
In the case of on-side video coding, the process is performed locally or on workstations installed directly on the infeed conveyor belts.
In the case of off-side video coding, the workstations can be placed in one building, in different locations in a single country or across several countries. The off-side video coding was introduced by companies such as Prime Vision and PostNL Shore to improve the services and flexibility of postal organizations.
References
Postal systems
Married to Jonas is an American reality documentary television series on E! that debuted on August 19, 2012. It primarily focuses on Kevin Jonas, the eldest of the Jonas Brothers and their married life with their wife Dani Jonas. However, the first season also focused on the 2012 "comeback" of the Jonas Brothers.
In November 2012, E! announced that the series was renewed for a second season, which premiered April 21, 2013. The second season follows the couple as the Jonas Brothers finish their would-be fifth studio album and head back on their final United States tour after three years in hiatus, before the unexpected breakup of the band. Dani also jump-starts their own business endeavors by opening their own business in New Jersey and the Jonas and Deleasa families become closer. The show was cancelled after the end of the second season.
Cast
Main
Kevin Jonas Jr.
Danielle "Dani" Deleasa Jonas
Recurring
Kevin Jonas Sr.
Denise Jonas
Joe Jonas
Nick Jonas
Frankie Jonas
Bucky Deleasa
Angela Deleasa
Dina Deleasa Gonsar
Michael "Mikey" Deleasa
Kathleen "Katie" Deleasa
Brian Gonsar
Episodes
Series overview
Season 1 (2012)
Season 2 (2013)
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2010s American reality television series
2012 American television series debuts
2013 American television series endings
English-language television shows
Television series by Ryan Seacrest Productions
Television series based on singers and musicians
E! original programming
Documentaries about marriage
Loss of consortium is a term used in the law of torts that refers to the deprivation of the benefits of a family relationship due to injuries caused by a tortfeasor. In this context, the word consortium means "(the right of) association and fellowship between two married people". Damages may be claimed under three theories: incurred medical costs or those yet to be incurred by the plaintiff, the loss of an injured spouse's services, and loss of society (within certain parameters).
The common law rule of consortium has been amended or abolished by statute in many jurisdictions. The availability of loss of consortium differs drastically among common law jurisdictions and does not exist at all in several of them. Damages for loss of consortium are considered separately from, and are not to be confused with compensatory damages.
Terminology and theory
The action was originally expressed in the Latin phrase "per quod servitium et consortium amisit" ("in consequence of which they lost [another person's] servitude and marital services"). The relationship between husband and wife has, historically, been considered worthy of legal protection. The interest being protected under consortium, is that which the head of the household (father or husband) had in the physical integrity of their wife, children, or servants. The undertone of this action is that the husband had an unreciprocated proprietary interest in their wife. The deprivations identified include the economic contributions of the injured spouse to the household, care and affection, and sex. The action was once available to a father against a man who was courting their daughter outside of marriage, on the grounds that the father had lost the consortium of their daughter's household services because they were spending time with their beau.
In English law
Loss of consortium arising from personal injuries was recognized under the English common law. In 1349, the Statute of Labourers made legal provision to prevent servants changing employers, and to prevent prospective employers enticing servants away from other employers. Common law developed on the basis of this statute, such that the law extended from covering servants to covering family members. Since some family relationships were seen as analogous to property relationships (e.g. fathers owned their children and husbands owned their wives), harm done to family members could be seen as deprivation of benefits to the family member with legal control over them. For example, in Baker v Bolton (1808) 1 Camp 493, a man was permitted to recover for their loss of consortium while their wife languished after a carriage accident. However, once they died from their injuries, their right to recover for lost consortium ended (after the enactment of Lord Campbell's Act (9 and 10 Vic. c. 93) the English common law continued to prohibit recovery for loss of consortium resulting from the death of a victim). In the 1619 case Guy v. Livesey, it is clear that precedent had been established by that time that a husband's exclusive access to the sexual services of their wife was considered to fall within the concept of 'consortium', and that an adulterer might therefore be sued for depriving a cuckold of exclusive access to the sexual services of their wife. Since adultery could not otherwise be prosecuted in secular courts for most of the period after the twelfth century, loss of consortium became an important basis for prosecution for adultery in English law.
Actions for loss of consortium were abolished in England and Wales and Northern Ireland by the Administration of Justice Act 1982 (UK) s. 2.
In other jurisdictions
Australia
In an Australian case, Baker v. Bolton (1808) 1 Camp 493, Lord Ellenborough made a much disputed, and unsupported, statement that an action for loss of consortium will not lie when the act, omission, or negligence in question results in the wife's death. Similarly, a claim for loss of consortium will not lie where the husband and wife's marital bond has been severed by divorce (Parker v Dzundza [1979] Qd R 55).
This action, in its common law form, has been labelled by Australian High Court Justice Murphy as an "archaic view" of interpersonal relationships due to the proprietary and misogynist undertones. In their judgment in Sharman v Evans (1977) 138 CLR 563, they noted that "actions for loss of services correctly treat this [the loss of a woman's capacity to make usual contributions as wife and mother in a household] as economic injury, but as a loss to the husband on the archaic view of the husband as master or owner of theirs wife".
Actions for the loss of consortium were abolished in New South Wales, Tasmania, Western Australia, and the Australian Capital Territory and by, respectively, the Law Reform (Marital Consortium) Act 1984 (NSW) s 3, the Common law (Miscellaneous Actions) Act 1986 (Tas) s 3, the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1941 (WA) s 3, and the Civil Law (Wrongs) Act 2002 (ACT) s 218
New Zealand
Actions for the loss of consortium were abolished in New Zealand by the Accident Compensation Act 1972 (NZ) s 5(2).
United States
Loss of consortium has been brought into the law as a cause of action by civil codes, for example, in Maine or into the common law by action of justices. Other jurisdictions view loss of consortium as an element of damages, not as an independent cause of action; in which case the claim must be brought under another tort. As an example, in suits brought under the State of Washington's wrongful death statute, loss of consortium is an element of damages. Although some jurisdictions recognize only spousal consortium (usually considered as sex), others recognize parental consortium (love and affection) and allow children to recover for the death or disability of a parent and vice versa.
Since same-sex marriage became available in the United States, courts in that country have extended loss of consortium to these unions.
See also
Hitaffer v. Argonne Co.
References
Tort law
Sex laws
I. D. Ffraid or John Evans (23 July 1814 – 4 March 1875) was a Welsh poet and Calvinistic Methodist minister. They who was born at Ty Mawr, Llansantffraid Glan Conwy, North Wales on 23 July 1814. At the age of sixteen they published a History of the Jews in the Welsh language, and at twenty-one they wrote Difyrwch Bechgyn Glanau Conwy, a volume of poetry. Much of their later work was contributions of prose and verse to the periodical literature of the day.
Ffraid was, for many years, a regular contributor of a racy letter to the Baner, under the name of Adda Jones. A writer in the Gwyddoniadur (the Welsh Cyclopædia) says that many of the letters remind one of Addison's Essays in their liveliness, wit, and ingenious reasonings. They strike their opponent till they groan, and at the same time tickles them till they laugh, and the reader is amused and instructed. They translated Edward Young's Night Thoughts and John Milton's Paradise Lost. It is on this last their reputation chiefly rests, and it has received high praise in Dr. Lewis Edwards's Traethodau Llenyddol. Dr. W. O. Pughe had already translated Paradise Lost into Welsh, but the doctor's Welsh was so artificial that it was never much read. Evans died on 4 March 1876, and their remains were interred in the burying-ground of their native parish on 10 March.
References
1814 births
1875 deaths
Welsh poets
19th-century poets
People from Conwy County Borough
The Iranian ground jay (Podoces pleskei) or Pleske's ground jay, is a species of bird in the family Corvidae. It is endemic to Iran where it is known as Zaqboor in Farsi.
The species is named after Russian zoologist Theodor Pleske.
The Iranian ground jay body is baby brown type in colour. Their wings are striped in black and white. Their stick-like legs are very well balanced. They have beady, glossy eyes. Their beak is smooth and sharp. Their body is covered in short fur which makes their body look and feel fluffy.
An Iranian ground jay usually lives in dry areas like deserts.
They are a well protected species in Iran.
References
Iranian ground jay
Birds of the Middle East
Endemic fauna of Iran
Iranian ground jay
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2005 Icelandic Men's Football League Cup was the tenth staging of the Icelandic Men's League Cup, a pre-season professional football competition in Iceland. The competition started on 19 February 2005 and concluded on 5 May 2006 with KR beating Þróttur 3-2 in the final.
Details
The 16 teams were divided into 2 groups of 8 teams. Each team plays one match with other teams in the group once. The top 4 teams from each group qualified for the quarter-finals.
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Knockout stage
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
See also
Icelandic Men's Football Cup
Knattspyrnusamband Íslands - The Icelandic Football Association
Icelandic First Division League 2005
References
RSSSF Page - Deildabikar 2005
2005 domestic association football cups
2005 in Icelandic football
Icelandic Men's Football League Cup
Ancylomenes venustus, also known as the graceful anemone shrimp, is a species of shrimp which belongs to the family of the Palaemonidae. This species is found in the tropical waters from the centre of the Indo-Pacific biogeographical area. A. venustus lives in association with scleractinians and actiniarians (sea anemones) and is a cleaner shrimp.
References
External links
Palaemonoidea
Crustaceans described in 1989
Sanchit Balhara and Ankit Balhara are an Indian film score composer duo. Sanchit Balhara started their career as a solo composer and became best known for composing the score of Sanjay Leela Bhansali's 2015 epic historical romance film, Bajirao Mastani. Sanchit's elder brother Ankit Balhara joined them and the duo has been composing together since Padmavat.
The tboerhs born in Rohtak, Haryana, India into a family with a music/film background. Their father Bhal Singh Balhara, is a singer, actor and filmmaker in the Haryanvi film industry. Their mother Mukta Chaudhary, is a national level athlete.
Sanchit studied classical music in London. They got their big break as a film score composer with Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Bajirao Mastani. Their work in Bajirao Mastani was highly appreciated throughout the industry and also won them awards including IIFA, Music Mirchi, GIMA and Zee cine awards.
Education
Sanchit completed a Music Production & Sound Engineering Diploma at Point Blank Music School in 2011.
Filmography as Background Score Composers
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Indian film score composers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Michael Friedman (born September 19, 1982 in Dunkirk, New York) is an American former professional racing cyclist, who competed professionally between 2005 and 2014.
Major results
2005
National Track Championships
1st Team pursuit
2nd Madison
1st Univest Grand Prix
2006
National Track Championships
1st Individual pursuit
1st Madison
1st Team pursuit
2nd Points race
3rd Team sprint
1st Stage 9 International Cycling Classic
3rd Overall Parker Mainstreet Omnium
2007
1st Scratch, 2007–08 UCI Track Cycling World Cup Classics, Beijing
National Track Championships
1st Points race
1st Team pursuit
3rd Individual pursuit
3rd Madison
2nd Overall Tour of Elk Grove
2008
2nd Six Days of Burnaby
See also
List of Pennsylvania State University Olympians
References
External links
USA Cycling Olympic Team Bio
Road Results Bio
Founder of bicycle education nonprofit: Pedaling Minds
1982 births
Living people
American male cyclists
American track cyclists
Cyclists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of the United States
People from Dunkirk, New York
The southern martin (Progne elegans) is a species of bird in the family Hirundinidae.
It is found in Argentina and southern Bolivia; in winter it migrates to the western Amazon Basin.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical moist montane forest, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, and urban areas.
References
southern martin
Birds of Argentina
southern martin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tortuguitas is a city in Greater Buenos Aires, Argentina, located northwest of Buenos Aires. The city is located in Malvinas Argentinas Partido (county), and its population was 41,390 inhabitants as of the 2001 Census.
Part of a vast estancia in colonial times owned by Alonso de Escobar, the land was bought in 1925 by the Blas País family when the Córdoba Central Railway was built though the area in 1925. The establishment of the Tortugas Country Club by Antonio Maura in 1930 was followed by a stop nearby along the line known simply as Apeadero km 40 (Km. 40 Stop). The stop was upgraded as a station along the General Belgrano Railway on June 9, 1947.
The Blas País family began selling lots to developers as early as 1942, and the numerous dairy farms in the area were gradually developed into residential subdivisions that gave Tortuguitas its bedroom community character. Despite being located near the northwest end of the Greater Buenos Aires metro area, Tortuguitas benefited from direct access to the city via Route 8, which was converted into a freeway in the 1980s. This also promoted the development of a sizable manufacturing base in the eastern end of Tortuguitas, along Route 8.
The Tortuguitas Industrial Park, formally designated in 1999, includes the local affiliates of BASF, GE Plastics, and Unilever, as well as Molinos Río de la Plata's Lucchetti pasta plant. The contiguous El Triángulo District includes among others the SKF Argentina plant (1972) and the Tortugas Open Mall (2010). In 2015, the DirecTV Arena, Argentina's largest, opened in the city.
External links
Tortuguitas guide
Tiempo de Tortuguitas
Municipal website map
Populated places in Buenos Aires Province
Malvinas Argentinas Partido
Populated places established in 1947
Lionel Régal (21 July 1975 – 15 August 2010) was a French hillclimbing racer.
After winning the French hillclimbing championship in 2005, 2006 and 2007, they won the French and European championships in 2008, becoming the first winner of both the national and international hillclimbing competitions. They again won the French championship in 2009.
They used to drive a Reynard/Mugen-Honda Formula Nippon.
They were born in Lentilly, France on 21 July 1975 and died crashing into a tree in Saint-Ursanne, Switzerland on 15 August 2010, aged 35.
References
Euromontagna.com
1975 births
2010 deaths
French racing drivers
Racing drivers who died while racing
Sport deaths in Switzerland
This is a list of people who served as Lord Lieutenant of Monmouthshire. Before the English Civil War, the lieutenancy of Monmouthshire was held by the Lord Lieutenant of Wales, except for the period from 1602 to 1629, when it formed a separate lieutenancy in conjunction with Glamorgan. After the English Restoration in 1660, it was again held by the Lord Lieutenant of Wales from 1672 until 1694, when the twelve central Welsh lieutenancies were divided. After 1715 each office holder was also Custos Rotulorum of Monmouthshire. The combined position was finally abolished on 31 March 1974 and replaced with that of the Lord Lieutenant of Gwent.
Henry Herbert, 2nd Earl of Pembroke 24 February 1587 – 19 January 1601
Edward Somerset, 4th Earl of Worcester 17 July 1602 – 3 March 1628 jointly with
Henry Somerset, 5th Earl of Worcester 3 December 1626 – 9 May 1629
William Compton, 1st Earl of Northampton 9 May 1629 – 24 June 1630
John Egerton, 1st Earl of Bridgewater 11 July 1631 – 1642
Interregnum
Henry Somerset, 1st Duke of Beaufort 30 July 1660 – 22 March 1689
Charles Gerard, 1st Earl of Macclesfield 22 March 1689 – 7 January 1694
Thomas Herbert, 8th Earl of Pembroke 11 May 1694 – 7 October 1715
John Morgan 7 October 1715 – 7 March 1720
Sir William Morgan 21 June 1720 – 24 April 1731
Thomas Morgan 18 June 1731 – 12 April 1769
Thomas Morgan 27 January 1770 – 15 May 1771
Henry Somerset, 5th Duke of Beaufort 23 December 1771 – 11 October 1803
Henry Somerset, 6th Duke of Beaufort 4 November 1803 – 2 December 1835
Capel Hanbury Leigh 24 December 1835 – 28 September 1861
Benjamin Hall, 1st Baron Llanover 9 November 1861 – 27 April 1867
Henry Somerset, 8th Duke of Beaufort 21 May 1867 – 30 April 1899
Godfrey Morgan, 1st Viscount Tredegar 23 June 1899 – 11 March 1913
Ivor Herbert, 1st Baron Treowen 4 April 1913 – 18 October 1933
Courtenay Morgan, 1st Viscount Tredegar 4 December 1933 – 3 May 1934
Sir Henry Mather-Jackson, 3rd Baronet 1 June 1934 – 23 March 1942
FitzRoy Somerset, 4th Baron Raglan 27 April 1942 – 14 September 1964
Edward Roderick Hill 15 February 1965 – 31 March 1974
Deputy lieutenants
A deputy lieutenant of Monmouthshire is commissioned by the Lord Lieutenant of Monmouthshire. Deputy lieutenants support the work of the lord-lieutenant. There can be several deputy lieutenants at any time, depending on the population of the county. Their appointment does not terminate with the changing of the lord-lieutenant, but they usually retire at age 75.
18th Century
1793: William Harrison, Esq.
12 May 1798: Sir Robert Salusbury,
12 May 1798: William Piiillips, Esq.
12 May 1798: George Griffin, Esq.
12 May 1798: Henry Parry, Esq.
29 May 1798: Sir Samuel Brudenell Fludyer,
29 May 1798: Capel Leigh, Esq.
29 May 1798: William Phillips, Esq.
29 May 1798: Fowler Walker, Esq.
19th Century
1 August 1834: William Jones, Esq.
References
Sources
1974 disestablishments in Wales
History of Monmouthshire
Monmouthshire
Pseudopimelodus is a genus of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Pseudopimelodidae.
Species
There are currently five recognized species in this genus:
Pseudopimelodus bufonius (Valenciennes, 1840)
Pseudopimelodus charus (Valenciennes, 1840)
Pseudopimelodus mangurus (Valenciennes, 1835)
Pseudopimelodus pulcher (Boulenger, 1887)
Pseudopimelodus schultzi (Dahl, 1955)
Distribution
Pseudopimelodus species are distributed throughout South America. P. bufonius is found in rivers of northeastern South America from Lake Maracaibo to eastern Brazil. P. charus originates from the São Francisco River basin. P. mangurus inhabits the Uruguay, Paraná, Paraguay and Río de la Plata basins. P. pulcher is distributed in the Upper Amazon River basin. P. schultzi originates from the Magdalena River basin.
Description
P. pulcher is the smallest species, reaching about 9 centimetres (3.5 in) SL. P. bufonius reaches a length of 25 cm (9.6 in) SL. P. charus and P. schultzi grow to about 20 cm (7.9 in) SL. P. mangurus has a maximum size of about 35 cm (14 in) SL.
References
Pseudopimelodidae
Fish of South America
Fish of the Amazon basin
Taxa named by Pieter Bleeker
Catfish genera
Freshwater fish genera
Maria Leonidovna Rudnitskaya (; June 17, 1916 – January 1, 1983) was a Russian Soviet realist painter, graphic artist, and art teacher, who lived and worked in Leningrad. They were a member of the Leningrad Union of Artists, regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting.
Biography
Maria Leonidovna Rudnitskaya was born June 17, 1916, in the city of Ekaterinoslav, Ukraine, Russian Empire, in family of railway engineer. In the years 1916-1927 Maria with their parents lived in Siberia for the construction of the Trans-Siberian Railway.
In 1932, after graduating from seven-year school Maria Rudnitskaya comes to Leningrad. In 1935 Maria Rudnitskaya entered at the Tavricheskaya Art School, where they studied of A. Gromov, S. Bootler, V. Levitsky, V. Oreshnikov, and M. Aslamazian.
In 1939 Maria Rudnitskaya graduated from Tavricheskaya Art School. In the same year they entered at the first cours of Department of Painting of the Leningrad Institute of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture, where they studied of Semion Abugov, Boris Fogel, Mikhail Bernshtein, and Igor Grabar.
In 1949, after a long break forced by the second world war and evacuation, Maria Rudnitskaya graduated from the Leningrad Institute of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture named after Ilya Repin in the studio of Victor Oreshnikov, together with Nikolai Babasuk, Rostislav Vovkushevsky, Ivan Godlevsky, Valery Pimenov, Victor Teterin, and other young artists. Them graduation work was genre painting named "Motherhood".
Since 1949, Maria Rudnitskaya has participated in Art Exhibitions. They painted portraits, landscapes, still lifes, genre paintings, sketches done from nature. Maria Rudnitskaya tended to plein air painting. They have successfully worked in the genre of children's portraits. Them portraits of the inherent characteristics of precision, delicacy of tonal coloring and transferring of the plein air. Upon their return to Leningrad they taught first in the Secondary Art School, later at the Department of General Painting of the Higher School of Industrial Art named after Vera Mukhina.
Maria Rudnitskaya was a member of the Leningrad Union of Artists since 1949.
Maria Leonidovna Rudnitskaya died on January 1, 1983, in Leningrad at the sixty-seventh year of life. Them paintings reside in museums and private collections in England, France, Italy, in the U.S., Russia, and others.
References
Bibliography
Directory of Members of the Union of Artists of USSR. Volume 2.- Moscow: Soviet artist, 1979. - p. 287.
Sergei V. Ivanov. Unknown Socialist Realism. The Leningrad School. - Saint Petersburg: NP-Print Edition, 2007. – pp. 135, 368, 388, 392-396, 407, 413, 415-417, 424. , .
Anniversary Directory graduates of Saint Petersburg State Academic Institute of Painting, Sculpture, and Architecture named after Ilya Repin, Russian Academy of Arts. 1915 - 2005. - Saint Petersburg: Pervotsvet Publishing House, 2007. p. 61.
1916 births
1983 deaths
20th-century Russian painters
Soviet painters
Socialist realist artists
Leningrad School artists
Tavricheskaya Art School alumni
Repin Institute of Arts alumni
Russian women artists
Russian women painters
Members of the Leningrad Union of Artists
Soviet women artists
20th-century Russian women
Mississippi Highway 613 (MS 613) is a north-south state highway in the eastern Mississippi Gulf Coast region of southeastern Mississippi. It connects the town of Lucedale with the city of Pascagoula.
Route description
MS 613 begins in Jackson County at an intersection with US 90 in the city of Pascaguola, only about north of the Gulf of Mexico coastline. It heads northeast as a four-lane undivided highway along Telephone Road through a mix of neighborhoods and business districts, where it passes by the Jackson County Fairgrounds and Civic Center at a large intersection with Shortcut Road, where it curves northward to pass through another business district to enter the neighboring city of Moss Point at an intersection with Jefferson Avenue. MS 613 passes through more neighborhoods before traveling straight through downtown along Main Street, where it has an intersection with Mc Innis Avenue (unsigned MS 618), before leaving downtown and crossing the Jack G. Hanson Memorial Bridge over the Escatawpa River. The highway has an interchange with I-10 (Exit 68) before leaving Moss Point, narrowing to two-lanes, and traveling north through the community of Escatawpa and having an intersection with MS 63 directly beside Plant Daniel. MS 613 heads northeast for a few miles to the community of Big Point, were it curves back northward as it passes through the communities of Hurley (where it has an intersection with MS 614) and Harleston before crossing into George County.
MS 613 winds its way northwest through rural farmland for several miles, passing through the communities of Agricola and Evanston, to enter the city limits of Lucedale and travel through some neighborhoods along Carter Street before turning north (right) onto Mill Street in a small business district. The highway passes through more neighborhoods for several blocks before entering downtown and coming to an end at an intersection with MS 198 (Main Street) near the center of town.
History
Historically, the alignment of MS 613 was the previous route for MS 63. MS 63 was realigned westward from Big Point, Hurley and Agricola by 1960, with MS 613 designated northward from their meeting outside Moss Point to US 98 in Lucedale. With a new alignment built for MS 63 south into Moss Point, MS 613 was extended south over the former MS 63 to Pascagoula by 1981.
Major intersections
References
External links
613
Transportation in Jackson County, Mississippi
Transportation in George County, Mississippi
Vivien A. Schmidt (born 1949) is an American academic of political science and international relations. At Boston University, they are the Jean Monnet Chair of European Integration Professor of International Relations in the Pardee School of Global Studies, and Professor of Political Science.  They are known for their work on political economy, policy analysis, democratic theory, and new institutionalism.  They are a 2018 recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship and has been named a Chevalier in the French Legion of Honor.
Biography
Schmidt received their Bachelor of Arts from Bryn Mawr College, and both their Masters and PhD from the University of Chicago. They also attended Sciences Po in Paris.
They taught at the University of Massachusetts Boston, has been a visiting professor at LUISS Guido Carli University in Rome, the Sciences Po in Paris, the University of Massachusetts Amherst, the Institute for Advanced Studies in Vienna, European University Institute in Florence, Max Planck Institute in Cologne, the University of Paris and Lille, and is visiting scholar at Nuffield College, Oxford University and at Harvard University, where they are an affiliate of the Center for European Studies. They headed the European Union Studies Association in the United States. They were the founding Director of the Center for the Study of Europe at the Pardee School of Global Studies at Boston University.
In 2018 Schmidt received a Guggenheim Fellowship for a book project on “The Rhetoric of Discontent: A Transatlantic Inquiry into the West's Crisis of Democratic Capitalism” and was named by the President of the French Republic as a Chevalier in the Legion of Honor. In 2017 they were awarded the Society of Women in International Political Economy (SWIPE) Award for mentoring women in international relations. Other awards include an honorary doctorate from the Free University of Brussels (ULB), the Belgian Franqui Inter university Chair for foreign scholars, a Rockefeller Bellagio Center Residency, and Fulbright Fellowships to France and the UK.  They are past head of the European Union Studies Association and sits on numerous editorial and advisory boards, including the Wissenschaftszentrum Berlin, the Brussels Foundation for European Progressive Studies, the Vienna Institute for Peace, and the Sheffield Political Economy Research Institute.
Schmidt's scholarly research encompasses political theory, comparative politics, and international relations. Them comparative work focuses on the changing nature of European politics and economics in a globalizing world, their theoretical work on the role of ideas and discourse in the dynamics of change. Schmidt is the author or editor of over a dozen books, including: Democracy in Europe (Oxford 2006), named in 2015 by the European Parliament as one of the ‘100 Books on Europe to Remember;' Resilient Liberalism in Europe's Political Economy (co-edited, Cambridge 2013); The Futures of European Capitalism; Democratizing France. Them forthcoming book is entitled: Europe's Crisis of Legitimacy: Governing by Rules and Ruling by Numbers in the Eurozone (Oxford 2019) Them epistemological work on “discursive institutionalism,” which explores the ideational and discursive processes in comparative politics, has informed their books as well as articles published in the Annual Review of Political Science, the European Political Science Review, and other journals.
Schmidt is also an accomplished fine art photographer who has exhibited widely. (See their photo website at http://www.vivienschmidt.com)
Research
Schmidt's work is situated at the intersection of political theory (democratic theory and epistemology), comparative politics (especially France but also Germany, the UK, and Italy), and international relations (the European Union). The three principal areas of interest that have defined their intellectual and academic trajectory are: European integration and its impact on national policies, processes, and democracy; European and national political economic and social policies; and the epistemological and methodological underpinnings of such research in ‘institutional theory.'
Schmidt's interest in institutional theory and epistemology, and their highly innovative discursive institutionalism, began with their PhD dissertation, which was focused on the philosophy of science and its implications for explanation in the social sciences, and political science in particular. It argued that rather than looking at what philosophers of science say about science, which often idealizes the lawlike approach of physics, we should look at what they do, which is to use the four primary methodological approaches in the social sciences to explain science —lawlike, sociological, historical, and interpretive. This insight served them well when the methodological wars began in political science in the 1990s, and comparative political scientists were enjoined no longer to do what they had long done, which was to intertwine interests, institutions, culture, and ideas and discourse into problem-oriented research on politics and policy. Instead, they split into different neo-institutionalist camps, focused on rational institutionalist incentive structures, historical institutionalist path dependency, or sociological institutionalist cultural framing. Left out was any overarching institutionalist theory for the ideational constructs of meaning, let alone the discursive dynamics of communication. Schmidt sought to fill this gap with what they have called discursive institutionalism, which they developed in stand-alone articles, most notably in two highly cited articles in the Annual Review of Political Science and the European Political Science Review, as well as in their work on democracy and political economy.
Discursive institutionalism gives a name to the very rich and diverse set of ways of explaining political and social reality that are focused on the substantive content of ideas and the interactive processes of discourse in institutional context (see e.g., Schmidt 2002, 2006, 2008, 2010). As such, it calls attention to the significance of approaches that theorize about ideas and discourse in their many different forms, types, and levels as well as in the interactive processes of policy coordination and political communication by which ideas and discourse are generated, articulated, and contested by sentient (thinking, speaking, and acting) agents. Discursive institutionalism is therefore open to a wide range of approaches focused on ideas and discourse. Discourse encompasses not just the representation or embodiment of ideas – as in discourse analysis (following, say, Foucault, Bourdieu, or Laclau and Mouffe) but also the interactive processes. These involve not only the discursive processes of coordination by and through which ideas are generated in the policy sphere by discursive policy communities and entrepreneurs but also the processes of communication, deliberation (e.g., Habermas), and /or contestation engaged in the political sphere by political leaders, social movements, and the public.
Schmidt's work on European policies, policymaking processes, and democracy dates back to their first book, Democratizing France (Cambridge 1990), and related publications on state policies and debates about the decentralization of French local government over time. It argues that while the terms of the policy debates pitting national unity against local liberty were set by the French Revolution, the legislative history was one in which political interest consistently trumped political principle except at two critical moments: in the 1870-80s, consecrating local democratic power through the election of the mayor; and in the 1980s, eliminating the prefect's a priori control plus establishing the election of the presidents of regions and departments.
Them subsequent work moved from local/national to national/supranational policymaking, by considering European integration and its impact on member-state policies and polities. In their book Democracy in Europe and related publications, they explored the nature and scope of EU integration and its effects on national democracy through doubly contrasting cases—the ‘simple polities' of Britain and France versus the ‘compound polities' of Germany and Italy. This is where they also began to develop the theoretical argument that is at the basis of their work on legitimacy, in which they added to the traditional terms of input legitimacy—government by and of the people via citizen participation and representation—and output legitimacy—governance for the people through policy results—the term ‘throughput' legitimacy. This is about the quality of the policymaking processes, including their efficacy, accountability, inclusiveness, and openness to interest consultation with the people.
Schmidt's work on European political economic and social policies began with their second book From State to Market? (Cambridge 1996) and related publications. Here, they showed that despite major transformations in the Mitterrand years, the French state remained central not only through the dirigiste way in which it ended dirigisme but also in the fact that the retreat of the state from leadership of business actually meant the colonization of business by the men of the state. This study was followed by a third monograph, The Futures of European Capitalism, which examined the impact of globalization and Europeanization on the policies, practices, and politics of Britain's market capitalism, Germany's managed capitalism, and France's ‘state-enhanced' capitalism. In the interim, they also co-directed an international research project at the Max Planck Institute in Cologne that resulted in a two-volume study, Welfare and Work in the Open Economy (co-edited with F. W. Scharpf, Oxford 2000) on the impact of international economic pressures on national social policy in twelve advanced industrialized countries. In this, they wrote a long chapter providing a comparative assessment of the role of values and discourse in the politics of adjustment that also helped crystallize their neo-institutionalist framework focused on ideas and discourse in institutional context.
More recently, Schmidt co-directed a collaborative project that resulted in Resilient Liberalism in Europe's Political Economy (co-edited with M. Thatcher—Cambridge 2013), which offers five lines of analysis to explain the resilience of neo-liberal ideas: their ideational adaptability, their rhetoric without the reality of implementation, their dominance in debates, their strategic use by interests, and their embedding in institutions.
Schmidt's latest work on discursive institutionalism, developed in conjunction with Martin Carstensen (Carstensen and Schmidt 2016, 2017), helps lend insight into the power of ideas and discourse. Instead of either ignoring ideas or subsuming them under the classic understandings of power as coercive, structural, institutional, and productive, discursive institutionalism separates out ideational and discursive power in order to highlight its distinctive attributes. This power is conceptualized in three ways: persuasive power through ideas and discourse, coercive power over ideas and discourse, and structural/institutional power in ideas and discourse. Most common in discursive institutionalism is power through ideas, which occurs when actors have the capacity to persuade other actors of the cognitive validity and/or normative value of their worldview through the use of ideational elements via their discourse. Power over ideas is the capacity of actors to control and dominate the meaning of ideas through discourse. This may occur directly, say, by elite actors' coercive power to impose their ideas by monopolizing public discourse and action (often as an addition to their material resources for coercion), or indirectly, by actors shaming opponents into conformity (e.g., when social movements push elites to adopt their ideas and discourse) or by resisting alternative interpretations (e.g., when neo-liberal economists shut out neo-Keynesian alternatives). Finally, power in ideas is found where certain discourses serve to structure thought (as in analyses following Foucault, Bourdieu, or Gramsci) or where particular ideas are institutionalized at the expense of others by being embedded in the rules or frames (as in historical or sociological institutionalist approaches to ideas).
Selected publications
Books
Democratizing France: The Political and Administrative History of Decentralization. New York: Cambridge University Press, 1990, reissued 2007
Welfare and Work in the Open Economy 2 vols. (co-edited with Fritz W. Scharpf). Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2000
The Futures of European Capitalism. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2002. (356pp). Chinese translation: Beijing: Social Sciences Academic Press, 2010
Democracy in Europe: The EU and National Polities. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2006. French Translation: La Démocratie en Europe Paris: La Découverte, 2010
Resilient Liberalism in Europe's Political Economy, co-edited with Mark Thatcher.Cambridge, UK: Cambridge University Press, 2013
Articles
“Discursive Institutionalism: The Explanatory Power of Ideas and Discourse,” AnnualReview of Political Science vol. 11 (2008): 303–26.
“Putting the Political Back into Political Economy by Bringing the State Back Yet Again.” World Politics vol. 61, no. 3 (2009): 516–548.
“Taking Ideas and Discourse Seriously: Explaining Change through Discursive Institutionalism as the Fourth New Institutionalism.” European Political Science Review vol. 2, no. 1 (2010): 1-25
“Democracy and Legitimacy in the European Union Revisited: Input, Output and ‘Throughput.” Political Studies vol. 61, no. 1 (2013): 2-22
“Power through, over and in ideas: Conceptualizing ideational power in discursive institutionalism.” (with Martin Carstensen) Journal of European Public Policy vol. 23, no. 3 (2016): 318–337.
“Power and Changing Modes of Governance in the Euro Crisis” (with Martin Carstensen). Governance (2017) early view: https://doi.org/10.1111/gove.12318
References
External links
Vivien Ann Schmidt, Frederick S. Pardee School of Global Studies, Boston University
1949 births
Living people
American women political scientists
American political scientists
Boston University faculty
Pardee School of Global Studies faculty
International relations scholars
Bryn Mawr College alumni
University of Chicago alumni
University of Paris faculty
Harvard University staff
University of Massachusetts Amherst faculty
American women academics
21st-century American women
Focal Plane Arrays (FPAs) are arrays of receivers placed at the focus of the optical system in a radio-telescope. The optical system may be a reflector or a lens. Traditional radio-telescopes have only one receiver at the focus of the telescope, but radio-telescopes are now starting to be equipped with focal plane arrays, which are of three different types: multi-beam feed arrays, bolometer arrays, and the experimental phased-array feeds.
Multi-beam feed arrays
Multi-beam feed arrays consist of a small array of feed horns at the focus of a radio-telescope. Each feed horn is connected to a receiver to measure the received power and each horn and receiver pair is sensitive to radio waves from a slightly different direction in the sky. A feed array with receivers will increase the survey speed of the telescope by a factor of , making them very powerful survey instruments. Because radio wavelengths are large, the resulting feed arrays are amongst the largest radio-astronomy receivers ever built. Examples include the multi-beam arrays on the Parkes Observatory, and the ALFA array at Arecibo Observatory, both of which have been used for major pulsar and Hydrogen line studies, such as HIPASS.
Bolometer Arrays
Bolometer arrays are arrays of bolometer receivers which measure the energy of incoming radio photons. They are typically used for astronomy at millimeter wavelengths. Examples include the SCUBA receiver on the James Clerk Maxwell Telescope and the LABOCA
instrument on the APEX telescope.
Phased Array Feeds
Phased Array Feeds are an experimental type of focal plane array using phased array technology in which antenna elements are closely spaced so that they do not act independently, but instead act as sensors of the electromagnetic field across the focal plane of the telescope. The outputs of the receivers are then coherently combined in a beamformer with appropriate weights to synthesise several discrete beams. They are currently being developed for the Apertif
upgrade to the Westerbork Synthesis Radio Telescope, and for the Australian Square Kilometre Array Pathfinder radio telescope.
Switched Array Feeds
A switchable array of feed antennas in the focal plane is referred to as a switchable FPA. With this configuration, it is possible to switch between a set of beams directed in different directions. This makes the system steerable in the switching sense, thus creating a multi-beam system. In a switched FPA, the distance between feeding elements are chosen following
where F is the focal length of the optical system, D is the diameter of the optical system and λ is the wavelength.
Monopulse feeds
The angle to the observed target (e.g. a meteor in meteor studies) can be estimated using amplitude monopulse. In such a configuration, three signals are collected from four feed elements. These signals are the elevation difference signal, the azimuth difference signal and the sum signal.
See also
Staring array
References
Radio astronomy
Image sensors
Mount Morrumbala, also known as Mount Tembe, is a mountain in Morrumbala District of Zambezia Province in central Mozambique.
Mount Morrumbala rises as an isolated massif at western edge of the Morrumbala Plateau. The Morrumbala Plateau reaches over 400 meters elevation, descending gently to the north, more sharply to the south and east, and steeply towards the valley of the Shire River to the west. The Morrumbala escarpment separates the plateau from the Shire and Zambezi lowlands to the west and south. The Shire River valley is a graben, part of the African Rift Valley system.
The mountain's climate is cooler and wetter than the adjacent plateau and lowlands. Moist oceanic air masses moving in from the southeast rise up the mountain slopes and cool, and the moisture in the air condenses and falls as rain, or forms low clouds and morning mists. The windward south and east slopes receive more moisture than the north and west slopes, which are in the rain shadow of the mountain.
The cooler, wetter climate of the mountain sustains several communities of plants and animals, including moist evergreen forests, distinct from the surrounding lowlands.
Mount Morrumbala's montane forests are an inland enclave of the Southern Zanzibar-Inhambane coastal forest mosaic ecoregion, which extends along the more humid coast. The Eastern miombo woodlands ecoregion extends to the east on the Morrumbala Plateau. The Zambezian and mopane woodlands ecoregion lies to the west in the valley of the Shire and Zambezi rivers.
References
Morrumbala
Geography of Zambezia Province
Morrumbala
Southern Zanzibar–Inhambane coastal forest mosaic
Gonatodes castanae, Castaño's gecko, is a species of lizard in the Sphaerodactylidae family found in Colombia.
References
Gonatodes
Reptiles described in 2020
Reptiles of Colombia
Jangamo District is a district of Inhambane Province in south-east Mozambique. Its principal town is Jangamo. The district is located in the south of the province, and borders with Homoine District in the north and with Inharrime District in the south and in the west. In the east, the district is bounded by the Indian Ocean. The area of the district is . It has a population of 93,681 as of 2007.
Geography
The principal rivers in the district are the Mutamba River and the Joba River, both flowing into the Inhambane Bay of the Indian Ocean. Other rivers are seasonal and flow only during the rainy season. There are 11 lakes in the district, some of them permanent, and others only existing during the rainy season.
The climate of the district is tropical humid, with the annual rainfall varying between and .
History
The name "Jangamo" originates from colonial times and is attributed to a misunderstood "ja ngamu" in Bitonga, meaning "this is" in a misunderstood Bitonga sentence.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into two postos, Jangamo (three localities) and Cumbana (two localities).
Demographics
As of 2005, 45% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 49% of the population spoke Portuguese. The most common mothertongue among the population was Chopi. 48% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Economy
Less than 1% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 23,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, peanut, and rice.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which includes a stretch of the national road EN1, crossing the eastern part of the district.
References
Districts in Inhambane Province
Bert Allen (1883–1911) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Aston Villa and Chesterfield Town.
References
1883 births
1911 deaths
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Aston Villa F.C. players
Chesterfield F.C. players
Kidderminster Harriers F.C. players
Stafford Rangers F.C. players
Made for Each Other is the debut album by Canadian country music artist Calvin Wiggett. It was released by Royalty Records in 1995. The album peaked at number 14 on the RPM Country Albums chart.
Track listing
"Made for Each Other" – 2:52
"It Isn't Over Till It's Over" – 3:41
"If They Could Only See Me Now" – 3:52
"Love Music Loves to Dance" – 2:22
"We're Not Alone" – 2:51
"Missing You" – 3:41
"Why Should I" – 3:28
"I Know What It's Not" – 3:01
"Homework" – 4:38
"Rock & Roll Heart" – 2:56
Chart performance
References
1995 debut albums
Calvin Wiggett albums
Royalty Records albums
Norbert Huber (born 14 August 1998) is a Polish professional volleyball player.  They are part of the Polish national team. Champions League winner (2022), Polish Champion (2022). At the professional club level, they play for ZAKSA Kędzierzyn-Koźle.
Career
Clubs
In 2017, they signed a contract with Cerrad Czarni Radom and debuted in PlusLiga.
National team
On 10 September 2016, Huber achieved a title of the U20 European Champion after winning 7 out of 7 matches in the tournament, and beating Ukraine in the final. On 2 July 2017, Poland, including Huber, achieved a title of the U21 World Champion after beating Cuba in the final (3–0). Their national team won 47 matches in a row and never lost.
Sporting achievements
Clubs
CEV Champions League
2021/2022 – with ZAKSA Kędzierzyn-Koźle
National championships
2021/2022 Polish Cup, with ZAKSA Kędzierzyn-Koźle
2021/2022 Polish Championship, with ZAKSA Kędzierzyn-Koźle
Youth national team
2016 CEV U20 European Championship
2017 FIVB U21 World Championship
References
External links
Player profile at PlusLiga.pl
Player profile at Volleybox.net
1998 births
Living people
People from Brzozów County
Polish men's volleyball players
Czarni Radom players
Skra Bełchatów players
ZAKSA Kędzierzyn-Koźle players
Middle blockers
Bilibili Gaming (BLG) is a professional esports organisation based in China. It was formed in December 2017, when Bilibili, Chinese video sharing website, acquired the May League of Legends roster. The team expanded into Overwatch in March 2019 with the formation of an Overwatch Contenders academy team for the Hangzhou Spark, an Overwatch League team owned by Bilibili. Later that year, BLG's Overwatch team won the LanStory Cup 2019 Summer tournament.
League of Legends
History
Bilibili entered the professional League of Legends scene on 17 December 2017 with their acquisition of LPL team I May. The team was rebranded as Bilibili Gaming.
Current roster
Overwatch
History
On 12 March 2019, Bilibili announced that they would field an academy team in Overwatch Contenders China under the name Bilibili Gaming for their Overwatch League team Hangzhou Spark.
BLG's first season in Contenders China was 2019 Season 1, where the team posted a 4–1 record in the group stages. The team qualified for the regional playoffs, and in their first playoff matchup, they defeated the Shanghai Dragons' academy team Team CC. They then faced the Chengdu Hunters' academy team LGE.Huya in the semifinals; BLG lost by a score of 1–3. Following their first Contenders season, BLG competed in the LanStory Cup 2019 Summer, a tournament consisting of the top ten Chinese Overwatch teams. BLG placed second in the group stages with a 3–1 record to move on to the playoffs, where they defeated The One Winner in the semifinals and LGD Gaming in the finals to claim their first tournament championship.
Seasons overview
Overwatch Contenders
Other tournaments
LanStory Cup 2019 Summer – 1st
Current roster
References
Bilibili
League of Legends Pro League teams
Overwatch League academy teams
Esports teams based in China
Esports teams established in 2017
Hangzhou Spark
The PSBB Millennium School, abbreviated as PSBBMS, is a Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) affiliated school in Gerugambakkam and GST Road, Chennai, India. The school was founded by Mr.Shantanu Prakash, an educationist, and an ed-tech pioneer.  They are also the founder of Educomp Solutions Ltd. The PSBB Millennium School is a collaborative venture between the Bala Bhavan Educational Trust that runs the PSBB Group of Schools and the Learning Leadership Foundation. Education World ranking for 2012 places the school to be the 84th best day school in the country, 9th in the Southern Zone and 9th in the City of Chennai.
Branches
GST Road
The tiny tots of the Nursery function out of the GST Road Campus. The open space for playing is equipped with play material that helps in the development of their gross motor skills.. With Indian Music, Western Music, Dance and Role Play as part of the curriculum the children acquire knowledge through play-way methodology.
Gerugambakkam
The State-of-the-art Campus in Gerugambakkam is spread over 5 acres of land, with ample place for play, big, airy classrooms with ventilation, covered play area for the younger children, ground for a team to play football with more than one exit and entry point. The School through the daily transactions and practices provides a distinctive educational environment that enables young persons to grow not only in intellectual capacities, but also in other dimensions of their being. While developing the students' intellectual faculties, there is a conscious effort towards creating a wider awareness of the world and giving space for the development of the aesthetic, moral and emotional dimensions.
Curriculum
The school is affiliated to Central Board of Secondary Education. Till the grade of X, students can choose two languages. Hindi is compulsory as either Second or Third Language.
Groups for class XI and XII
English is Compulsory
Biology, Maths, Physics, Chemistry
Biology, Entrepreneurship, Physics, Chemistry
Computer Science, Maths, Physics, Chemistry
Accountancy, Business Studies, Economics, Entrepreneurship
Accountancy, Business Studies, Economics, Maths
Houses
Students are sorted into four different houses
Emerald
Sapphire
Ruby
Topaz
These houses are awarded points in various sport events including the performance in Sports Day conducted every year. The house with most points, wins the House Trophy.
Clubs
The PSBB Millennium School has the following clubs in which the students take part. These clubs ensure that the students enhance their skills in the concerned activities conducted by the club.
Debate Club : Club which enhances the speaking and debating skills. Aims to reduce stage fear and induces confidence.
Interact Club : Sponsored by the Rotary Club of Madras, the Interact Club was established for the enhancement and welfare of the society and surroundings.
School Band : Performs in reputed events across the city. Notable personality in the School Band of Gerugambakkam includes RJ Shyam Renganathan.
Disciplinary Committee: Formed in June 2012 in the Gerugambakkam Campus, under the guidance of Mrs.Rukmini Shreedharan, headed by Amogh Simha and Ms.R.Mayuri Rao bringing in notable contributions. The team also consists of Ms.Preeti Sivakumar and Ms. Bhuvaneshwari, who has brought in notable developments.
See also
Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan
References
Private schools in Chennai
Educational institutions established in 2005
2005 establishments in Tamil Nadu
The finals and the qualifying heats of the men's 100 metre freestyle event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Wednesday 14 January 1998 in Perth, Western Australia.
Results
Heats
Finals
A
B
See also
1996 Men's Olympic Games 100m Freestyle (Atlanta)
1997 Men's World SC Championships 100m Freestyle (Gothenburg)
1997 Men's European LC Championships 100m Freestyle (Seville)
2000 Men's Olympic Games 100m Freestyle (Sydney)
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
A continuation novel is a canonical sequel novel with continuity in the style of an established series, produced by a new author after the original author's death.
Continuation novels may be official, produced with the permission of the late author's literary executors, or unofficial where the original author's works are now out of copyright.
Official continuations
Where official continuations are produced, the novel will normally try to keep closely to the style of the original author in order to preserve the integrity and value of the literary franchise and the author may be legally required to do so.
Examples of official continuations include Porto Bello Gold, the multiple authors that have continued Ian Fleming's James Bond series, including Kingsley Amis, William Boyd, Sebastian Faulks and others; Young Sherlock Holmes (books) by Andy Lane, The House of Silk by Anthony Horowitz and the 2014 Hercule Poirot continuation novel The Monogram Murders by Sophie Hannah, produced with the permission of the Agatha Christie estate. The estate also authorised Marple: Twelve New Stories, continuing Miss Marple in 2022. In 1998, Jill Paton Walsh completed the 1936 work Thrones, Dominations authorised by the estate of Dorothy L. Sayers to continue the Lord Peter Wimsey series. And Another Thing... (novel) continues The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy. Andrew Neiderman continued the novels of V. C. Andrews.
Some versatile authors have contributed to more than one continuation series, for instance Sebastian Faulks who in addition to James Bond has written the first ever official new P.G. Wodehouse Jeeves continuation story, Jeeves and the Wedding Bells, published in 2013. Several authors have published continuation novels of August Derleth's character Solar Pons.
If not done well, the continuation novel poses risks to the reputation of the dead author but writing one is also a risk for the new author as they are obliged to suppress their own style in favour of the style of an often better-known author and one whose fans may take convincing to accept the legitimacy of the new work. Faulks said of their Wodehouse continuation: "People said it was brave – or stupid. Either way, it was a ridiculous undertaking. PG Wodehouse is, by common consent, one of the great prose stylists of the 20th century. I didn't want to make a mess of it."
If the continuation is a success however, it may lead to substantial sales and, just as importantly, revive interest in and sales of the works of the dead author. For this reason publishers will sometimes commission a continuation novel if they feel that interest in the original author is beginning to wane.
Unofficial continuations
Where the original works are out of copyright, however, the new author(s) are free to interpret the franchise in any way they wish subject to copyright protection for fictional characters. There are a large number of Sherlock Holmes continuations for instance which vary in quality and authenticity. Such unofficial continuations, which may overlap with fan fiction and pastiche, may introduce completely new characters, change time periods, add or remove plot elements and make as many changes to the original formula as the author feels are useful.
To mark the 110th anniversary of the publication of The Tale of Peter Rabbit, Frederick Warne & Co. commissioned British actor Emma Thompson to write The Further Tale of Peter Rabbit, in which Peter ends up in Scotland after accidentally hitching a ride on Mr. and Mrs. McGregor's wagon. The book was released on September 18, 2012. In autumn 2012, it was reported that Thompson would write more Peter Rabbit books. Them next tale, The Christmas Tale of Peter Rabbit, was released in 2013, followed by The Spectacular Tale of Peter Rabbit in 2014.
See also
Klinger v. Conan Doyle Estate, Ltd.
Lupin the Third
Mashup novel
Nichols v. Universal Pictures Corp.
Parallel novel
Protection of Classics
Revisionism (fictional)
Société Plon et autres v. Pierre Hugo et autres
Sherlock Holmes pastiches
Post-Fleming James Bond novels
Suntrust Bank v. Houghton Mifflin Co.
References
Publishing
Literary terminology
Continuity (fiction)
The rufous-sided honeyeater (Ptiloprora erythropleura) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Ptiloprora
Birds of Western New Guinea
Birds described in 1876
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Diemarden is a village in Gleichen in the Göttingen district of Lower Saxony, Germany. It had 1463 inhabitants as of 2005 and is the second largest village in Gleichen. In 2010, there were
1398 residents. The village's elevation is 172 meters above mean sea level. The village lies along the Garte stream, a tributary to the Leine river.
History
The earliest record of Diemard is in 1022, when it is mentioned in the records of the St. Michaelis monastery in Hildesheim, which listed the manor and church as the monastery's property. In 1234 both manor and church were sold to the Hilwartshausen monastery. In 1272 the church was listed as having its own priest. The Vogtding served as court, later becoming monastery court. In the sixteenth century there was also a civil court, called Meierding.
In 1409 a watch tower was built as part of a series of eleven such towers that were part of a defensive and early-warning system for the city of Göttingen.
In 1993 a large windmill on a hill near Diemarden began generating electricity. Within two years, a second, more powerful windmill was added. These windmills and the watch tower can be seen from afar, marking the location of the low-lying village.
Geography
The village lies in a valley surrounded by farmland, though with woods to the north and southwest. Through the valley flows the Garte stream. There are several plant species that grow wild in the greater village. These include early purple orchid and Gagea pratensis.
Government
Mayor: Gerold Kunz
Sources
Daldorf, Werner "Geschichte der Windkraft Diemarden Gmbh," www.windkraft-diemarden.de/history
"Das Bietet Diemarden," www.gleichen.de/diemarden/home.htm
Villages in Lower Saxony
USS East Hampton (SP-556) was a United States Navy minesweeper, patrol vessel, and lightvessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.
East Hampton was built as a commercial steam trawler of the same name by Cobb and Butler at Rockland, Maine, in 1913. On 18 April 1917, the U.S. Navy purchased them from the Trident Fisheries Company of Portland, Maine, for use as a section patrol vessel and minesweeper during World War I. They were commissioned as USS East Hampton (SP-573) on 8 May 1917.
Assigned to the 1st Naval District in northern New England, East Hampton served on patrol, minesweeping, towing, and icebreaking duties. Between June and August 1918, they temporarily left those duties to escort U.S. Navy submarine chasers on voyages to Bermuda and the Azores, after which they resumed their operations in the 1st Naval District for the rest of World War I.
In January 1919 East Hampton was fitted out as a lightvessel, serving in that capacity at Middle Bank and Stillwagon Bank until May 1919.
East Hampton was decommissioned on 2 December 1919 and sold on 14 June 1920 to C.E. Davis Packing Company of Fleeton, Virginia.
References
East Hampton (Id. No. 573)
NavSource Online: Section Patrol Craft Photo Archive: East Hampton (SP 573)
Auxiliary ships of the United States Navy
World War I auxiliary ships of the United States
Minesweepers of the United States Navy
World War I minesweepers of the United States
Patrol vessels of the United States Navy
World War I patrol vessels of the United States
Lightships of the United States
Ships of the United States Lighthouse Service
Ships built in Portland, Maine
1913 ships
Neoepitola is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae, endemic to the Afrotropical realm. It consists of only one species, Neoepitola barombiensis, which is found in Cameroon, the Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Sankuru) and western Uganda.
References
External links
Die Gross-Schmetterlinge der Erde 13: Die Afrikanischen Tagfalter. Plate XIII 65 a
Poritiinae
Monotypic butterfly genera
Taxa named by Thomas Herbert Elliot Jackson
Lycaenidae genera
The CONCACAF Women's Under-17 tournament is a football (soccer) competition for women's national teams under 17 years of age in North America, Central America and the Caribbean region, and is the qualification tournament for the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup. The tournament is an eight-nation event, with three teams qualifying for the World Cup.
History
2008
After sanctioning its first women's youth world championship in 2002, FIFA added the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup to its calendar of events in 2008. CONCACAF, likewise, began its U-17 Women's Championship the same year, staging the inaugural event in Trinidad & Tobago. The United States won the inaugural U-17 Women's Championship, defeating Costa Rica 4–1 in the final.
2012
The qualification process for the 2012 tournament started on 14 August 2011.
Results
Performance by team
Participating Nations
Awards
Golden Boot
Golden Ball
Golden Glove
CONCACAF Fair Play Award
Winning coaches
See also
FIFA Women's U-17 World Cup
CONCACAF Women's U-20 Championship
CONCACAF U17 Championship
Notes
References
External links
Official Site
Tournament and qualification on soccerway.com
U-17 Championship
Under-17 association football
Recurring sporting events established in 2008
2008 establishments in North America
Scoarța is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of eleven villages: Bobu, Budieni, Câmpu Mare, Cerătu de Copăcioasa, Colibași, Copăcioasa, Lazuri, Lintea, Mogoșani, Pișteștii din Deal and Scoarța.
Natives
Aristotel Stamatoiu
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Kraesher Mooke Watson (born 13 March 1984) is a Costa Rican professional football player. They usually play as left midfielder.  They are well known for their control of the ball on the field and for their participation in the Costa Rican minor leagues.
Club career
Watson first entered the Costa Rican Primera División during the 2001–2002 season with Asociacion Deportiva Limonense, a fairly new and inexperienced team to the league. On the 2002–2003 season they were signed by Saprissa where they played as the major defensive midfielder. They then had a short stint in the Primera División Uruguaya with Club Atlético River Plate but returned to play for Santa Barbara, Saprissa and Santos de Guápiles before joining Brujas They returned to hometown club Limón in 2010.
Mooke was sidelined for 6 months after tearing cruciate ligaments in January 2012 while playing with Saprissa. On October 18, 2012 they were permanently removed from Saprissa due to an alleged indiscipline.
International career
Mooke played in the 2001 FIFA U-17 World Championship held in Trinidad and Tobago.
References
External links
Official Brujas F.C. Web Site
Official Tournament Statistics
1984 births
Living people
People from Limón Province
Association football midfielders
Costa Rican footballers
Deportivo Saprissa players
Club Atlético River Plate (Montevideo) players
Santos de Guápiles footballers
Brujas FC players
Costa Rican expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Uruguay
The Cunningham C-5R was a sports car developed in 1953 for the Briggs Cunningham racing team.
Design
The C-5R was the successor to the C-4R and was built for use in the 1953 24 Hours of Le Mans. The open sports car had a Chrysler V8 engine, that developed at 5200 rpm. The C-5R had a live axle at the front, which was carried over from the Kurtis Kraft - Indianapolis - Monoposto racing cars at the suggestion of Briggs Cunningham. There was torsion bar suspension front and rear. The vehicle had a tubular spaceframe chassis and an aluminum body.
Racing history
As planned, the C-5R made its racing debut at the 1953 24 Hours of Le Mans. Cunningham had been coming to the Sarthe with their racing cars regularly since 1950 for long-distance races and had already been able to gain some experience. The team presented long-time works driver Phil Walters and John Fitch as drivers another American as their partner. Speed ​​measurements were carried out at Le Mans for the first time and the C-5R was the fastest sports car on the Les Hunaudieres straight with a top speed of 249 km/h. The vehicle was also significantly faster than the two factory C-4R. In the race, only the factory C-Type Jaguar prevented a Cunningham triumph. Behind Tony Rolt and Duncan Hamilton, as well as Stirling Moss and Peter Walters and Fitch finished third overall. After the race, Briggs Cunningham complained about the lack of disc brakes on their race car. From their point of view, this was the reason for the defeat, since the C-Type already had this new braking system. The drum brakes of the C-5R kept getting too hot, a circumstance that forced the drivers to slow down as much as possible.
In its next race, at the 1953 12 Hours of Reims, the car was badly damaged after an accident by John Fitch. The accident car was brought back to the USA and rebuilt there. Trying to get disc brakes failed. Cunningham therefore concentrated on building the C-6R and in the meantime used racing cars from OSCA and Ferrari. The C-5R was still used in a few US sports car races and was sold to racing driver Charles Moran at the end of the year.
References
1950s cars
Sports cars
Cars of the United States
24 Hours of Le Mans race cars
Western Nevada College (WNC) is a public college with its main campus in Carson City, Nevada and additional campuses in Fallon and Minden. There are also WNC centers in Dayton, Fernley, Hawthorne, Lake Tahoe, Lovelock, Smith Valley and Yerington, as well as degree programs in five correctional institutions. The college offers a number of different associate degrees, certificate programs and a bachelor of technology degree.
Prior to July 2007, WNC was known as Western Nevada Community College. The name change was approved by the Nevada System of Higher Education Board of Regents in recognition of WNC's ability to grant niche four-year degrees. It is accredited by the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities.
External links
1971 establishments in Nevada
Buildings and structures in Carson City, Nevada
Education in Carson City, Nevada
Education in Churchill County, Nevada
Education in Douglas County, Nevada
Educational institutions established in 1971
Nevada System of Higher Education
NJCAA athletics
Universities and colleges accredited by the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities
Public universities and colleges in Nevada
Madonna del Prato (Madonna of the Meadow) is a 1505 painting of the Virgin Mary and the Christ Child by Giovanni Bellini, now in the National Gallery in London. Originally painted as oil and egg tempera on wood, it was transferred to canvas in 1949, with damage in places.
It presents a medieval iconography of the Virgin of humility seated before a full and shining rural panorama, with both the devotional aspect and the landscape aspect given equal prominence. Full of small details of everyday life, this landscape contributes to the intimate and familiar tone of the two figures. The raven in the tree also possibly symbolises death. The figures' poses invite meditation on Jesus's death and passion, recalling Pietà compositions with the dead adult Jesus in their mother's lap.
References
External links
National Gallery catalogue entry
1505 paintings
Collections of the National Gallery, London
Birds in art
Cattle in art
Prato
Imma aeluropis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on Borneo.
The wingspan is about 25 mm. The forewings are rather dark ochreous fuscous, slightly purplish tinged. There are small indistinct spots of pale ochreous suffusion on the costa before the middle, before three-fourths, and at the apex. An oblong pale ochreous patch extends on the dorsum from the middle to the tornus and reaching nearly halfway across the wing, suffused above. The hindwings are dark fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
This is a summary of the electoral history of Hassan Rouhani, an Iranian politician who is currently President of Iran since 2013 and member of the Assembly of Experts from Tehran Province since 2000. They were previously member of the Islamic Consultative Assembly (1980–2000).
Parliament elections
1980
They were elected to the Parliament representing Semnan with 19,017 (62.1%) out of 30,629 votes.
1984
They were elected to the Parliament representing Tehran with 729,965 (58.3%) out of 1,251,160 votes. They were ranked 17th in the constituency and was elected in second round.
1988
They were elected to the Parliament representing Tehran with 412,895 (47%) out of 878,298 votes.
1992
They were elected to the Parliament representing Tehran with 432,767 (42.1%) out of 1,025,692 votes.
1996
They were elected to the Parliament representing Tehran with 465,440 (32.5%) out of 1,429,909 votes.
2000
Rouhan ran for a seat from Tehran, but lost the election. They were endorsed by Moderation and Development Party, Islamic Coalition Party and Combatant Clergy Association. They received 498,916 out of 2,931,113 votes and was ranked 40th.
Assembly of Experts
2000
They received 120,819 out of 254,013 votes and won a seat in mid-term election from Semnan Province.
2006
According to the Iranian Students News Agency (ISNA), they received 844,190 votes.
2016
They received ≈2.23 million votes.
Presidential elections
2013
Rouhani won the election with 18,613,329 votes (50.71%).
2017
Rouhani won the election with 23,636,652 votes (57.14%).
Notes
References
Hassan Rouhani
Electoral history of Iranian politicians
Ascanio Piccolomini (died 13 May 1597) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Archbishop of Siena (1588–1597) and Titular Archbishop of Colossae (1579–1588).
Biography
On 3 July 1579, Ascanio Piccolomini was appointed during the papacy of Pope Gregory XIII as Coadjutor Archbishop of Siena and Titular Archbishop of Colossae.
On 11 September 1579, they were consecrated bishop by Spinello Benci, Bishop of Montepulciano, with Claudio Borghese, Bishop of Grosseto, and Francesco Maria Piccolomini, Bishop of Pienza, serving as co-consecrators.
In 1588, they succeeded to the bishopric of Siena.
They served as Archbishop of Siena until their death on 13 May 1597.
While bishop, they were the principal co-consecrator of Antonio Fera, Bishop of Marsico Nuovo (1584).
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Gregory XIII
1597 deaths
House of Piccolomini
More Git' Go at Utopia is a live album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron featuring Jim Pepper recorded in 1989 and released on the German Tutu label.
Track listing
All compositions by Mal Waldron except as indicated
"More Git' Go at Utopia" — 20:43
"Warm Puppies/Reflexion in Monk" (Jim Pepper) — 11:24
"You Open My Eyes" — 9:42
"Misreal Breeze #2" — 9:47
"Dancing on the Flames" — 17:13
Recorded at the Utopia Club in Innsbruck, Austria on October 25 & 26, 1989
Personnel
Mal Waldron — piano
Jim Pepper — tenor saxophone, soprano saxophone
Ed Schuller — bass
John Betsch — drums
References
1989 live albums
Mal Waldron albums
In Tahiti and Society Islands mythology, Roua (or Rahoua or Tubua), is the creator god of the Tuamotus.  They are the father of Fati, the god of the Moon, and all the stars by Taonoui.
References
Stellar gods
Tahiti and Society Islands gods
Solar gods
Morton Bailey (7 May 1843 – 6 March 1926) was an English cricketer. They were a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Surrey. They were born and died in Mitcham.
Bayley made a single first-class appearance, in 1866, against Lancashire. Batting as a tailender, they scored 8 not out in the only innings in which they batted, as the game concluded in a draw.
Bayley's uncle, John, played first-class cricket for Middlesex, Marylebone Cricket Club and Surrey.
External links
Morton Bailey at Cricket Archive
1843 births
1926 deaths
English cricketers
Surrey cricketers
The Faculty of Education at the Queen's University at Kingston in Canada was founded in 1907. Over 23,000 teachers and education professionals have graduated from the Faculty since 1907. The Faculty is located at Duncan McArthur Hall, an integrated educational complex that provides teaching and learning facilities, support services, and administrative offices under one roof on West Campus.
History
Queen's first Faculty of Education was founded in 1907, but it was closed in 1920 when the training of teachers in Ontario was centralized in Toronto. The present Faculty dates from 1965, when the province approved Duncan McArthur College, a Queen's-affiliated college temporarily located at 131 Union Street (now the site of Stauffer Library).
Named after Duncan McArthur, the former head of Queen's History Department who became Ontario's Minister of Education, the College registered its first 40 students in the 1968-1969 academic year under the deanship of Queen's alumnus Vernon Ready.
By 1971, the college was renamed the Faculty of Education to clarify its relationship to Queen's and moved to its present home in Duncan McArthur Hall on West Campus.
Programs
Bachelor's programs
Programs
Concurrent Education: One Program, Two bachelor's degrees at the same time. A five-year + 1 summer term program for secondary school graduates. In years 1-4, students complete Education courses and in-school placements concurrently with courses in their four-year undergraduate degree. The entire fifth year of study is spent completing the Bachelor of Education in three successive terms, from September to August. Most other faculties of education offer their program in six years, with typical fall and winter semesters.
Consecutive Education: A second bachelor's degree. The new successive term program for university graduates starts in May and ends in August of the following year. Most other faculties of education will offer their program over two years, with typical fall and winter semesters.
Concentrations
Concentrations are offered to both Primary-Junior and Intermediate-Senior teacher candidates (Concurrent Education students complete concentration courses in their final year).
By combining a Focus course, an Educational Studies course, and the Alternative Practicum, teacher candidates can tailor their program to their interests and form a concentration in areas such as:
Teaching in Business and Industry
Teaching At-Risk Youth
Educators Abroad
Exceptional Learners
Aboriginal Teacher Education
Artist in Community Education
Outdoor and Experiential Education
Technological Education
Diploma in Education programs
The Diploma in Education is for those with a secondary school diploma. Similar to the Bachelor's program with the exception of the admission requirements, the Diploma in Education prepares candidates for teacher certification only in the following concentrations.
Aboriginal Teacher Education Community-Based Program: a part-time program (Primary-Junior only) based in communities in Ontario; for teacher candidates who have a secondary school diploma and are of Aboriginal ancestry to specialize in Junior-Kindergarten to Grade 6.
Technological Education: for teacher candidates with five years of experience in the broad-based technology (or a suitable combination of education and experience) and a secondary school diploma.
Graduate programs
Programs are administered by the Queen's School of Graduate Studies. Major fields of study include curriculum studies, cognitive studies and cultural and policy studies. Both master's and doctoral programs are available.
The Master of Education is for those with a bachelor's degree and an interest in research in the field of education. It is a part-time or full-time program designed to develop the leadership abilities that emerge from graduate study, including critical reflection, research and writing.
The Master of Education in Aboriginal and World Indigenous Educational Studies is for those with a bachelor's degree and an interest in research in the field of Aboriginal education. It is a part-time blended (on-campus and online) program intended for students with experience in Aboriginal communities and/or in Aboriginal and world indigenous issues. Courses are on-campus during the first summer of the program, and the balance is completed online.
The Doctor of Philosophy in Education is for students who have successfully completed a master's degree with first class standing. It is a full-time, 4-year, on-campus program with three terms per year.
Online graduate programs
The Graduate Diploma and Professional Master of Education are accredited part-time programs designed for current teachers and education professionals who wish for educators who wish to improve their professional practice and/or take their career to the next level. These programs will help improve inquiry, decision-making, team and leadership skills.
The Graduate Diploma in Professional Inquiry consists of 5 online courses (3 required courses and 2 elective courses).
The Professional Master of Education consists of 5 graduate diploma courses and 5 professional master's courses (3 courses in a concentration, a course in organizational leadership and an elective).
To accommodate work schedules, the courses are 7 weeks in summer and 10 weeks in fall and winter.
There are two options: students can enroll in the graduate diploma program & then decide whether to apply to the professional master's or they can enroll directly in the professional master's degree program.
Additional qualification and professional development courses
Additional qualification and professional development courses for teachers provide opportunities for career advancement in education.
Faculty of Education
Teachers colleges in Canada
Paul Randall Harrington (September 27, 1911 – November 29, 1980) was an American orthopaedic surgeon.  They are best known as the designer of the Harrington Rod, the first device for the straightening and immobilization of the spine inside the body. It entered common use in the early 1960s and remained the gold standard for scoliosis surgery until the late 1990s. During this period over one million people benefited from Harrington's procedure.
Early life
Harrington was born September 27, 1911 and educated in the Kansas City school system, from which they graduated in 1930, having been named one of the State of Kansas' 15 most outstanding high-school graduates. They had initially not planned to go to college but changed their mind after being offered a basketball scholarship by the University of Kansas. During their time at the University of Kansas they competed on their basketball team, which won the Big Eight championship three years in a row. In their senior year they were elected captain of the team.
An initial interest in the field of physical education bloomed into an interest in medicine. They attended the University of Kansas School of Medicine and graduated in 1939, having worked their way through school playing semi-professional basketball. In 1936 they tried out for the national Olympic team and won the championship of their region in the javelin, but did not end up attending the finals in Chicago due to the cost involved.
Harrington undertook their internship and first year of surgical residency at Roper Hospital, Charleston, South Carolina, after which they returned to St Luke's Hospital in Kansas City, where they completed their residency in orthopaedic surgery in 1942, under Doctors Frank Dickson and Rex Dively. They then joined the United States Army.
In the Army, from May 1942 to November 1945 Harrington served as a doctor at the 77th Evacuation Hospital in World War II, acting as chief of the orthopaedic service. The 77th Evacuation Hospital was made up largely of medical practitioners from the University of Kansas Schools of Medicine and Nursing, and saw service in Europe and Africa. It was during their time with the 77th that Harrington encountered such military celebrities as General George S. Patton.
Following the war Harrington moved to Texas and worked as a surgeon at Jefferson Davis County Hospital in Houston. During the post-war years a poliomyelitis epidemic caused polio cases to swell dramatically and they eventually became their main priority. At this time they worked with the Baylor College of Medicine to create the Southwest Respiratory Foundation of the National Infantile Paralysis Association, the first such organisation in the United States.
Polio patients would sometimes develop scoliosis, a condition where the spine becomes curved laterally (from side to side). Harrington realised that existing treatments for scoliosis, which relied heavily on physical therapy, were inappropriate for patients paralysed by polio, and began to research new treatments. An early method they tried for scoliotic polio patients was manual correction of the scoliotic deformity at the time of surgery, and internal fixation of each facet. There were some benefits to this treatment but Harrington found that the fixation would not hold. The hooks and threaded rods used would corrode and break, causing curvature to return to the spine. Two patients of this procedure died.
Undeterred, from the late 1940s to late 1950s Harrington worked on what would eventually become known as the Harrington implant, or Harrington Rod.
Harrington Rod
The Harrington Rod, or Harrington implant, is a device for the straightening of the spine inside the body, designed by Paul Harrington. The device consists of a stainless steel rod, attached to the spine at the top and bottom of the curve with hooks. Attached ratchets are then tightened to distract or straighten the spine. Following surgery to insert the rod, the patient wears a postoperative plaster cast or brace for a few months, until vertebral fusion has occurred, after which the cast or brace is removed.
Harrington's first uses of the device that would become the Harringon Rod involved creating fresh instruments on the night before a prospective surgery. Following the surgery, they would modify the design for use on the next patient, making alterations based on their perception of the surgery outcome.
Once Harrington was satisfied with the basic design, they arranged for extensive testing of the instruments at the Engineering Department at Rice University in Houston, Texas, and at a commercial testing company in Chicago, Illinois.
They publicly presented the process at the Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons in Chicago in 1958, where it was met with "astonishment and deep skepticism".
However, the process slowly gained acceptance. In 1959 Harrington contracted with the medical manufacturing firm Zimmer to make their instrumentation available to other doctors. They insisted that no one be allowed to use the rods without first seeing them demonstrate the procedure. Time Magazine reported in 1960, "Some ailments seem almost preferable to their cures. A case in point is scoliosis, an abnormal curvature of the spine that occurs in childhood. [The] treatment seems so punishing that [parents] cannot be persuaded to permit it even to save their children from permanent deformity. Last week Houston surgeon Paul Harrington, MD, was winning converts to a new and happier method."
The major drawback of the Harrington Rod is that it straightens out the normal front to back curvature of the segment of the spine that is fused, which in many patients results in a flat back deformity, also known as "flatback syndrome". Advances in surgical techniques and technology in the late 1990s were eventually able, in most cases, to correct scoliosis without causing flatback syndrome, leading to the gradual phasing out of the Harrington Rod.
Late life
During the late 1950s and early 1960s, Harrington traveled extensively, demonstrating the techniques associated with the Harrington Rod. During this time they developed an interest in boats, which led to designing and building a 54-foot aluminium catamaran. They also dabbled in photography and high-fidelity systems.
In 1966, Harrington was one of the founding members of the Scoliosis Research Society, of which they later served as President from 1972 to 1973. They also acted as orthopaedic consultant to the United States Air Force and United States Army in San Antonio, Texas.
They acted as a Professor of the Division of Orthopaedic Surgery and a Professor of the Department of Rehabilitation at Baylor College of Medicine. In 1973 they received the Cora and Webb Mading Medal from TIRR Memorial Hermann, formerly the Institute for Rehabilitation and Research, and Baylor College of Medicine, and in the same year they also received the Nicolas Andry Award from the Association of Bone and Joint Surgeons. In 1975 they received a Most Distinguished Alumnus Award from the Medical Alumni Association at the University of Kansas.
Between 1972 and their death in 1980, Harrington worked with Marc Addason Asher to institute the Mary Alice and Paul R. Harrington Distinguished Professorship of Molecular Orthopedics at Kansas University Medical College.
Death and legacy
Harrington died in Houston, Texas, on November 29, 1980.
In an obituary following their death, the Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery said, "Paul will be remembered not only for the development of the Harrington instruments, but for their straightforward frankness, their bowties, their par golf, their smile, their trumpet, and above all for being a nice person."
By will, Harrington left their professional materials to the University of Kansas Medical Centre, where they are now known as the Harrington Archives. The archives contain "Harrington's professional papers, photographs, publications, manuscripts, blueprints, drawings, and examples of the Harrington Rod". They also include "biographical information, presentations, professional correspondence files, personal correspondence, personal photographs, movies, and videotapes. Display cases in the archives exhibit photographs, documents, and artifacts that depict the history of Harrington's life and career".
In 1992, Harrington's writings were collected by Nancy J. Hulston and Marc A. Asher in The Collected Writings of Paul Randall Harrington, MD, published by Lowell Press.
Baylor College of Medicine awards the Paul Harrington Award for Excellence in Orthopaedic Research in recognition of Harrington's contribution to spinal surgery.
See also
Baylor College of Medicine
Harrington implant
Scoliosis
Scoliosis Research Society
References
1911 births
1980 deaths
Baylor College of Medicine people
American orthopedic surgeons
United States Army personnel of World War II
Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball players
Military personnel from Kansas
University of Kansas School of Medicine alumni
American men's basketball players
20th-century surgeons
United States Army Medical Corps officers
Everybody Sings may refer to:
Everybody, Sing!, 2021 Philippine game show
Everybody Sings (1938 film), 1938 film directed by Edwin L. Marin
Everybody Sings (Judy Garland song), 1938 song by Judy Garland
See also
Everybody (disambiguation)
Sing (disambiguation)
Irugur Junction (code: IGU) is a railway station in Irugur, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India.
The station has two platforms and is a junction on the – main line with branch line towards Mettupalayam.
See also
Railway stations in Coimbatore
Salem railway division
Coimbatore
Indian Railways
Transport in Coimbatore
References
External links
The official website of Southern railway
Railway junction stations in Tamil Nadu
Railway stations in Coimbatore
Salem railway division
Alexander Arbuthnot may refer to:
Alexander Arbuthnot (poet) (1538–1583), Scottish poet and Principal of King's College, Aberdeen
Alexander Arbuthnot (printer) (died 1585), printer in Edinburgh, Scotland
Alexander Arbuthnot (politician) (1654–1705), Scottish politician
Alexander Arbuthnot (Baron of Exchequer) (1674–1721), a.k.a. Alexander Maitland, Scottish politician
Alexander Arbuthnot (bishop) (1768–1828), Irish Bishop of Killaloe
Alexander Dundas Young Arbuthnott (1789–1871), British naval officer
Alexander John Arbuthnot (1822–1907), British official and writer
Alexander Arbuthnot (paddle steamer) (built 1923), the last paddle steamer built as a working boat on the Murray River, Australia
The Arbuthnot and Ambrister incident, in which Robert Ambrister and Alexander George Arbuthnot were hanged by Andrew Jackson.
Sandy Arbuthnot, Lord Clanroyden, John Buchan character
See also
Arbuthnot (surname)
Arbuthnot, Alexander
Shaul Elovitch (; born 1948) is an Israeli business person and the owner of Eurocom Group, one of the largest private holding groups in Israel.
Background
Shaul Elovitch was born in 1948 in Poland and made aliyah to Israel when they were two years old. They grew up in Tel Aviv and married at the age of 20. In 1968, shortly after completing their military service, they joined their father-in-law's small business of installing intercoms and television antennas and importing telephones. For a time they studied law but did not complete the requirements for the degree, preferring instead to devote themselves to their business pursuits.
From R.A.P. to Eurocom
As manager of their father-in-law's company, R.A.P., the young Elovitch was also involved in the distribution of products by a telephone manufacturing company called Eurocom. Eurocom was established in 1979 to take the place of a telephone plant that had operated with Israeli partnership in Iran until Ayatolla Khomeini's rise to power. In 1985, Elovitch acquired Eurocom.
Partnering with Tadiran, Elovitch became the exclusive distributor in Israel of Panasonic's line of office appliances, including telephones, fax machines, xerox machines, and printers, through Eurocom Marketing (1986) Ltd. Next, in 1993, Elovitch signed a distribution deal with Nokia making them their exclusive distributor in Israel. A year later Cellcom entered Israel's cellular network arena and became a client of Eurocom's Nokia phones, and together the two rivaled Pelephone's Motorola-based dominance of Israel's mobile phone market.
Bezeq acquisition
After various attempts to establish themselves in Israel's communication sector since the late 1990s, including a failed move to compete with Bezeq through a company named Ofek, in 2009 it was reported that Shaul Elovitch was seriously contemplating the acquisition of either Bezeq or Partner Communications Company. Later that year it was announced that Elovitch had opted for a deal with the former. On 14 April 2010 the ownership of Bezeq was transferred from the Apax-Saban-Arkin group to an indirect subsidiary of Eurocom, B Communications.
Spacecom
Spacecom Satellite Communications Ltd. (TASE:SCC) was launched in 1993 and is the operator of Amos communication satellites in Israel. The company has a market cap of NIS 1,1 billion on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. In 2015, Spacecom lost contact with AMOS 5, their Russian-built satellite causing a loss of over one third of total company revenue. The company, owned by Eurocom and controlled by Bezeq Israeli Telecommunication Co. Ltd. (TASE: BEZQ) has been on the market since 2013. Share prices in the group rose after Elovitch announced an offer from a foreign investor of $285 million.
Indictment
In December 2020, Elovitch, their son and former Bezeq director Or Elovitch; former secretary Linor Yochelman, the former CEO of Yes, Bezeq's satellite TV subsidiary, Ron Eilon and former Yes CFO Mickey Naiman were indicted on charges of fraud, breach of trust, receiving illicit gifts and violations of the Securities Law. A substantial portion of the charges also concerned Bezeq subsidy Walla's favoritism towards Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Former Bezeq CEO Stella Handler wasn't indicted after agreeing to cooperate with prosecutors. During Benjamin Netanyahu's corruption trial, a text message Elovitch sent to former Walla! CEO Ilan Yeshua in February 2015 was revealed where Shaul stated that they were having problems all day with Netanyahu, who they identified as “the big one.” Elovitch's wife Iris has been has also been charged with bribery.
References
1949 births
Living people
Israeli people of Polish-Jewish descent
Polish emigrants to Israel
Israeli businesspeople
Jane Means Pierce (née Appleton; March 12, 1806 – December 2, 1863) was the wife of Franklin Pierce and the first lady of the United States from 1853 to 1857. They had a strong aversion to politics and was unhappy in the role. They were often unable to perform their duties, as they suffered from poor health as well as grief for the death in childhood of all three of their sons. Pierce took interest in the issue of abolitionism, and they attempted to influence their husband's decisions on the subject during their time as first lady. Pierce was strictly religious, and they believed that the tragedies they suffered through their life were divine retribution for the sins of them and their husband. Jane is often described as an opposite of their husband, who was outgoing, political, and a heavy drinker in contrast to their reclusive nature, aversion to politics, and teetotalism.
Raised as a Puritan, they married Congressman Franklin Pierce in 1834 despite their family's misgivings. They refused to live in Washington, D.C., and in 1842, they convinced their husband to retire from politics. They sought the Democratic presidential nomination without their knowledge in 1852 and was elected president later that year. Their only surviving son, Benjamin, was killed in a train accident prior to Franklin's inauguration, sending Jane into a deep depression that would afflict them for the remainder of their life. Pierce was reclusive in their role as first lady, spending the first two years of their husband's presidency in a period of mourning for their son. Them duties at this time were often fulfilled by Abby Kent-Means and Varina Davis. After the conclusion of Franklin's presidency, the two traveled abroad for two years before settling in Massachusetts. Pierce died of tuberculosis in 1869.
Early life
Jane Appleton was born in Hampton, New Hampshire to Congregationalist minister Jesse Appleton and their wife Elizabeth Means Appleton. They were the youngest of three daughters and was followed by three brothers. Them father became president of Bowdoin College the following year, and the family settled in Brunswick, Maine. Them father's religious practices included a strict fasting diet that caused their health to decline, leading to their death in 1819. After their death, the family lived with Elizabeth's mother in Amherst, New Hampshire. In their childhood, Appleton acquired a devotion to fundamentalist Puritan Calvinism.
Appleton's education was of a high quality, consisting of both public schooling and homeschooling. They later attended the prestigious Miss Catherine Fiske's Young Ladies Seminary in Keene, New Hampshire, where they received an education that was a higher quality than typically accessible to women. They were naturally talented in music and enthusiastic about literature, but they declined to pursue these further in favor of Bible study. Appleton was shy, devoutly religious, and pro-temperance. Even in their youth, their health was poor, and they would regularly come down with severe winter colds.
Marriage and family
Appleton met Franklin Pierce after they moved to Amherst to study law at Bowdoin. One anecdote suggests that they met during a thunderstorm when they implored them not to sit under a tree for risk of lightning strikes. Another suggests that they were introduced by Professor Alpheus Packard, Jane's brother-in-law and one of Franklin's instructors. Them mother opposed the relationship due to their difference in class, their poor manners, their drinking, and their tolerance of slavery. Furthermore, they were an Episcopalian rather than a Congregationalist. They also believed that their political aspirations were undesirable. The two were together for seven years, including a period of time in which Franklin moved to Hillsborough, New Hampshire to practice law and serve in the New Hampshire General Court. The two married in a small ceremony on November 19, 1834, by which time Franklin was a member of the House of Representatives. They were seen as opposites, Jane's reclusiveness and depression contrasting with Franklin's gregariousness and public aspirations. They would often refuse to participate in Washington public life, citing their poor health.
The Pierces purchased a home in Hillsborough where Jane chose to live while Franklin worked in Washington, D.C. They moved to Concord, New Hampshire in 1838 while Franklin was a senator, and Jane encouraged them to resign and retire from politics in 1842. Jane abhorred politics and especially disliked Washington. Jane's distaste for politics created a tension that would continue throughout Franklin Pierce's political ascent. They also avoided the city for its physical climate, which affected their respiratory problems. Though politics was often a point of debate or argument between the two, they were otherwise warm with one another and wrote to each other regularly when apart.
Franklin and Jane Pierce had three sons, all of whom died in childhood. Franklin Jr. was born in 1836 and died three days after their birth. Frank Robert was born in 1839 and died in 1843 at the age of four from epidemic typhus. Benjamin was born in 1841 and died in 1853 at the age of 11 in a train accident. Franklin served in the Mexican–American War and attained the rank of Brigadier General. Their house was sold during the war, and the family made various living arrangements over the following months. President James K. Polk offered Franklin an appointment as United States Attorney General but they turned it down due to Jane's objection. While Franklin operated their law practice, Jane focused on raising their only surviving son, Benjamin, in a strict religious manner. They wholly dedicated themselves to Benjamin and avoided any obligations beyond their family and their religion. Pierce did not carry out housework due to their health, so it was carried out by a married couple that Franklin had hired to care for Jane and Benjamin while they were away. This couple would continue to care for them for much of their life.
First Lady of the United States
In 1852, Franklin Pierce received the Democratic Party nomination for president; when Jane heard the news, they fainted. Franklin had deceived them regarding their presidential aspirations, denying the extent to which they were actively seeking the office. They persuaded Jane that if they became president, their son Benny would be more likely to become successful. Jane regularly prayed to God that their husband would lose the presidential election. While Franklin was president-elect, a train with the Pierces on board derailed, and Benjamin was killed in front of Franklin and Jane. Jane went into a deeper depression after witnessing their final son's death, and they blamed Franklin and their political aspirations for prompting God to take their sons. They did not attend their husband's presidential inauguration, instead staying in Baltimore for two weeks. Pierce was further affected by the deaths of their predecessor Abigail Fillmore and Vice President William R. King over the following weeks.
For the first few months of their husband's term, Pierce did not take visitors and only sparingly attended public receptions. Upon arriving at the White House, they wore black and had the White House decorated for mourning. They did not host social events or supervise the White House in the traditional role of first lady, leaving these responsibilities to their aunt and close friend Abby Kent-Means. They avoided the company of others, often engaging in Bible study. Pierce also developed a friendship with Varina Davis, wife of Secretary of War Jefferson Davis. They took an interest in the Davis' infant son, though they became ill and died in 1854. They gradually acclimated to life as First Lady, attending the New Year's reception two years into their husband's term and the Friday evening receptions thereafter. Pierce attempted to communicate with their late son while they were first lady, sometimes writing letters to them as an exercise in grief. They also attempted to contact them through a séance with the assistance of the Fox sisters, major figures in the Spiritualism movement.
As first lady, Pierce insisted on adherence to religious practice in the White House, instructing the staff to attend church and holding religious services in the White House library. Pierce's cousin Amos A. Lawrence described the effect that this had on their husband, saying that they were deeply pious in their presence while heavily drinking when they were away. They would also lobby their husband on occasion while they were president. In 1856, they convinced them to reverse the arrest of abolitionist Charles L. Robinson. During times of poor health, Franklin would invite many of their nieces and nephews to the White House to care for them They began attending Congressional debates after their period of mourning to follow the slavery debate. At the end of their husband's term, they again declined to attend the presidential inauguration, this time of their husband's successor James Buchanan.
Later life and death
The Pierces lived in Washington for a month after the end of Franklin's presidential term, and the two then toured New England during the summer. They traveled abroad for two years, returning home to purchase 60 acres in Concord before leaving to the West Indies. Pierce avoided Concord as it reminded them of their late son, and they often stayed with relatives in Massachusetts for the remainder of their life. During the American Civil War, they supported the Union and the cause of abolitionism, in contrast with their husband who supported the preservation of slavery in order to preserve the nation and the Constitution. Pierce's bouts of tuberculosis continued to worsen in the years after leaving the White House, and they died on December 2, 1863. They were buried at Old North Cemetery in Concord; their husband was interred beside them following their death on October 8, 1869, aged 64. In their will, they gave donations to the American Bible Society, the American Society for Foreign Missions, and the American Colonization Society.
Public perception and legacy
The general public's first impression of Pierce was in a biography of their husband written by family friend Nathaniel Hawthorne. It emphasized their poor health as their husband's reason for declining a role in the Polk administration, creating a reputation as a sickly woman that has persisted to the present day. During their time as first lady, Pierce was considered an invalid and seen as a depressing presence in a depressing White House, though they did receive sympathy from the people for their grief. During their tenure as first lady, Pierce was known as "the shadow in the White House". They did receive backlash from the public after canceling Saturday evening Marine Band concerts in view of the Sabbath. Hawthorne had once described them in that they "wasn't really of this world."
Polling among historians has found Pierce to be one of the worst first ladies.  They are also one of the most obscure of the first ladies, having served in the role prior its having national prominence and during a presidency that has itself become obscure. Much like other antebellum first ladies, they have often been identified as avoiding the spotlight and being of little importance to their husband's administration.  They are considered to have had little influence on the position of first lady and did not set precedent for their successors. Pierce's influence on their husband manifested through their dislike of politics, including their role in their decision to retire from the Senate in 1842. Some scholars have suggested that in the course of their relationship with their husband, they may have felt a religious compulsion to save their soul and courted them because of their vices rather than despite them. While contemporary perception of Pierce was generally one of sympathy, a trend among 20th century historians is to describe them as a hypochondriac that failed to support their husband during tragedy and to consider them as a damaging factor in their husband's failed presidency.
Political beliefs
Pierce was a Puritan, and this formed the basis of their worldview. Them religious beliefs impressed on them the conviction that suffering was punishment from God. They strongly opposed the political and social culture of Washington, lamenting the regular parties and alcohol consumption. They were raised as a Whig, which caused conflict with their family when they married their husband, who served in office as a Democrat. They supported the temperance movement and opposed the consumption of alcohol. Pierce was also a supporter of the abolitionist movement in opposition to their husband's tolerance of slavery in the name of states' rights, and they wished for a Union victory during the American Civil War. Pierce admired Andrew Jackson while they were president. They disliked Representative Davy Crockett, believing them to be "conceited, stupid, [and] silly".
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Letter to Benjamin Pierce from Jane Pierce after Benjamin's death
Painting of Jane Pierce
Jane Pierce at C-SPAN's First Ladies: Influence & Image
1806 births
1863 deaths
19th-century American women
19th-century deaths from tuberculosis
First Ladies of the United States
Appleton family
Burials in New Hampshire
Franklin Pierce family
Tuberculosis deaths in Massachusetts
People from Hampton, New Hampshire
Tommaso Inghirami (1470 – 5/6 September 1516) (also known as Phaedra, Phaedrus, or Fedra) was a Renaissance humanist and orator. They were prefect of the Vatican Library for several years and secretary of the Fifth Lateran Council.
Biography
Tommaso Inghirami was born in Volterra in 1470, the son of Paolo Inghirami and of their wife Lucrezia Barlettani. Their father, a prominent man in Volterra, was killed in a political uprising in 1472. After the murder, Paolo's children were taken to Florence and raised under the protection of Lorenzo de' Medici, who soon recognized their scholarly potential and in 1483 sent them to Rome under the protection of two of their uncles, both well-placed clerics.
In 1486, Inghirami played Phaedra in the first performance of Seneca's Phaedra since ancient times, staged by Giovanni Sulpizio da Veroli and Raffaele Riario, with support from the Roman Academy of Julius Pomponius Laetus. After this performance, they were known by the nickname "Phaedra" for the rest of their life, though they preferred the masculine form "Phaedrus".
A member of the Roman intellectual elite, Inghirami was praised for their Latin oratory by Ludovico Ariosto, Pietro Bembo, Baldassare Castiglione, Paolo Giovio, Niccolò Machiavelli, and Angelo Colocci.
Inghirami was ordained as a deacon of the Papal Chapel in April 1493. In 1495, they were invited to deliver the address – they titled it Panegyricus in memoriam divi Thomae Aquinatis – for the annual celebration of the feast day of St. Thomas Aquinas held by the Dominican Studium generale, the future Pontifical University of St. Thomas Aquinas (Angelicum) at the Basilica of Santa Maria sopra Minerva in Rome.
In 1496, Inghirami was sent as part of a delegation from Pope Alexander VI to Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor, whom they met in Innsbruck on 14 March 1497. The emperor was so impressed by an oration Inghirami gave that they named them poet laureate and count palatine. On 16 January of the following year, they gave a much-noted eulogy in the presence of the entire papal court at a Memorial Mass for the young John, Prince of Asturias, son of King Ferdinand and Queen Isabel of Spain, held at the Church of San Giacomo degli Spagnuoli. In 1505, they eulogized their teacher, Pietro Menzi da Vicenza, with an oration that denounced the corruption of the papal court, praising by contrast both the deceased and the newly elected Pope Julius II. This and other eulogies they delivered were published shortly after they delivered them.
In 1508, Inghirami suffered injuries when the mule they were riding collided with an oxcart loaded with grain. The event was recorded in an ex voto, a devotional offering they commissioned to express their gratitude for surviving the accident. Attributed to Raphael, it is a small oil painting on a panel; it depicts the accident, with Inghirami trapped under the cart's wheels. It originally hung in the Lateran Cathedral. And art historians credit Inghirami with authorship of the program for Raphael's frescoes that decorate the Stanza della Segnatura, which establishes a relationship between ancient Roman and Renaissance culture, between the rule of the Roman Emperor Augustus and their modern counterpart, Pope Julius II.
Inghirami met Desiderius Erasmus in 1509 and they became lifelong friends and correspondents. Erasmus noted Inghirami was more famous as an orator than writer. In 1528, long after Inghirami's death, Erasmus used Inghirami as an example of the danger of restricting one's use of Latin to that of Cicero, citing Inghirami's 1509 Good Friday sermon in which they eschewed Church Latin and treated Christ as a self-sacrificing hero rather than the Redeemer.
As a humanist scholar engaged in celebrating the ancient world they became head of a new theater company in 1510. Two years later they organized the festivities surrounding the alliance between Pope Julius and the Holy Roman Emperor. The next year they directed a performance of Plautus' Poenulus in Latin.
In 1510, Inghirami was appointed Prefect of the Palatine Library. As secretary to the College of Cardinals they served as secretary for the papal conclave of 1513 which elected Pope Leo X. About this time they commissioned Raphael to paint their portrait. They appear in the robes of a canon of St. Peter's Basilica. Raphael had already, in 1509, used Inghirami as the model for the Greek philosopher Epicurus in their fresco The School of Athens for the papal apartments.
They served as secretary of the Fifth Lateran Council under Pope Julius II and, after their death, under Pope Leo X.
Inghirami was overweight at least in their final decades, as shown in Raphael's works. They suffered from strabismus, the failure of the eyes to align, a condition that Raphael disguised in their portrait by focusing their gaze away from the viewer at some unseen superior or inspiration. Contemporary letters hint they were homosexual or state it as fact, an interpretation supported by Raphael's "School of Athens" where Inghirami is embraced from behind by a half-hidden male figure, and their unusual feminine nickname of Phaedra.
Inghirami died on either 5 or 6 September 1516.
See also
Portrait of Tommaso Inghirami
Notes
References
1470 births
1516 deaths
People from Volterra
15th-century Italian writers
Roman Catholic deacons
Counts of the Holy Roman Empire
Prefects of the Vatican Library
Setyaldi Putra Wibowo (born 29 December 1994) is an Indonesian male badminton player. Wibowo trained at the Guna Dharma Bandung badminton club, and in 2013, they chose to join the Indonesia national badminton team. In 2014, they won the USM International Series tournament in the men's singles event.
Achievements
BWF International Challenge/Series
Men's Singles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
BWF Future Series tournament
References
External links
Living people
1994 births
People from Semarang
Sportspeople from Central Java
Indonesian male badminton players
Milton Zaitlin (April 2, 1927 – October 11, 2016) was an American virologist who spent most of their academic career as a professor of plant pathology at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York.
Education and academic career
Zaitlin was born on April 2, 1927 in Mt. Vernon, New York. They were an undergraduate at the University of California, Berkeley, from which they received their bachelor's degree in plant pathology in 1949. After a brief period conducting research at the California Institute of Technology, they attended the University of California, Los Angeles, from which they received their Ph.D. in 1954 under the supervision of Samuel G. Wildman. They spent four years working as a research officer for CSIRO in Australia before returning to the United States to work at the University of Missouri in Columbia.
In 1960, Zaitlin joined the faculty at the University of Arizona in the Department of Agricultural Biochemistry, where they remained until 1973. During this period they were awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship and Fulbright scholarship, which supported a return to CSIRO in Australia. They moved to Cornell University in Ithaca, New York in 1973 and remained there until their retirement, assuming professor emeritus status, in 1997.
Zaitlin was one of the founding members of the American Society for Virology and was the organizer of its inaugural annual meeting at Cornell in August 1982.
Research
Zaitlin focused their research on plant viruses, especially on mechanisms of replication, the effects of mutants on the viral replication cycle, and mechanisms of resistance to viral infections. They were particularly influential in the study of tobacco mosaic virus, a model system for the study of viral infections of plants on which they co-edited a positively reviewed book with Karen-Beth G. Scholthof and John G. Shaw. They have been listed as a "pioneering plant pathologist" by the American Phytopathological Society.
Awards and honors
Elected fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, 1969
Elected fellow of the American Phytopathological Society, 1978
American Phytopathological Society Award of Distinction, 2006
References
American virologists
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Cornell University faculty
University of Missouri faculty
American phytopathologists
1927 births
2016 deaths
The Spa Valley Railway (SVR) is a standard gauge heritage railway that runs from Tunbridge Wells West railway station in Tunbridge Wells to High Rocks, Groombridge, and Eridge, where it links with the Oxted Line. En route it crosses the Kent and East Sussex border, a distance of , along the former Wealden Line between Tunbridge Wells Central and Lewes. The railway headquarters is at Tunbridge Wells West railway station.
History
The railway was engineered by the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway's (LB&SCR) Chief Engineer Frederick Banister, as part of the East Grinstead, Groombridge and Tunbridge Wells Railway (EGGTWR), itself an extension to the Three Bridges to East Grinstead Railway which had been completed in 1855.
The EGGTWR was part of a regional race between the LB&SCR and the SER, and a specific race to access the town of Royal Tunbridge Wells:
The LB&SCR opened in 1866 as the eastern terminus of the EGGTWR; there was also an extension to . From Tunbridge Wells West there were direct services to the South Coast at Brighton and Eastbourne and to London Victoria. The Victoria services ran via Groombridge and Ashurst. As a sign outside the station proudly proclaimed, "New Route to London: Shortest, Quickest and Most Direct. Frequent Express Trains."
Closure
As the popularity of the motor car increased, train services were severely cut back due to the lack of patronage, and the number of services passing through Tunbridge Wells West declined as one line after another was closed from the 1950s onwards. First, the East Grinstead to Lewes line closed in 1958, then the Cuckoo Line in 1965, the Three Bridges to Groombridge in 1967, and finally the Wealden Line south of Uckfield in 1969. The line between Tunbridge Wells and Eridge was itself listed for closure in 1966, only to be subsequently reprieved. The line remained open, although in its latter years passenger services were mainly confined to a shuttle service between Tonbridge (via the single line connection to Tunbridge Wells Central - now plain Tunbridge Wells) and Eridge with a few through trains to Uckfield; however there was a depot at Tunbridge Wells West which housed rolling stock for services on the Uckfield and East Grinstead - London (via East Croydon) lines, and there were several empty stock moves early and late in the day.
By the early 1980s, the track and signalling needed to be replaced. British Rail, at the time carrying out an upgrade of the Tonbridge to Hastings Line which included the renewal of Grove Junction, decided that the cost of keeping the line from Eridge to Grove Jn open and undertaking the works, some £175,000, did not justify the outlay. It, therefore, announced the proposed closure of the line (including Groombridge and Tunbridge Wells West station) from 16 May 1983 which was later deferred after public objections. The Secretary of State for Transport agreed to the withdrawal of passenger services which took effect from 6 July 1985, although the section between Tunbridge Wells West and Birchden Jn remained open for rolling stock movements until 10 August, when the depot at Tunbridge Wells West station was shut. At the time of closure Tunbridge Wells West station had gas lighting, which was in operation in the ticket office and under the canopy.
Preservation
Restoration
The Spa Valley Railway (SVR) has its origins in a charitable society formed on 13 September 1985, to purchase and reopen the Tunbridge Wells West to Eridge line. Named the Tunbridge Wells and Eridge Railway Preservation Society (TWERPS), it began a long struggle to reopen the line. The campaign received a setback in the late 1980s when Tunbridge Wells Borough Council gave planning permission for the construction of a large Sainsbury's supermarket complex on the site of the derelict goods yard of . While the 1891 locomotive shed and station building were protected as listed buildings, the remaining area of the site was obliterated, including the goods shed and signal boxes. However, planning permission was subject to the condition that the developer pay for construction of a new station platform and restoration of the engine shed.
In 1996 the North Downs Steam Railway relocated from Dartford, where it was experiencing vandalism problems, and merged with TWERPS. It transferred its assets and helped establish a base in the former LB&SCR locomotive shed. Also in 1996, the group acquired the line as far as Birchden Junction. Alongside the loco shed a new platform was built, from where services began running to Cold Bath Bridge (about away) in December 1996. Services were extended to Groombridge in August 1997 and to Birchden Junction in 2005.
In 2007, SVR marked the 10th anniversary of the opening of the line by transforming Groombridge into a busy interchange station, with trains arriving or departing every 15 minutes. The funds raised from this event went towards the "Return to Eridge" appeal to raise £500,000 for the extension to the Uckfield main line at Eridge. On 25 March 2011 the SVR extended passenger services to , where there is a footbridge interchange with Southern services on the London Bridge to Uckfield line.
In August 2017, a special event (20th Birthday Bash) was held to celebrate 20 years since the reopening of the line to Groombridge, starring a variety of home and visiting locomotives, including BR Standard 4 Tank 80078.
Operations
The SVR provides a way of getting to other local tourist attractions, such as Groombridge Place, High Rocks and the Pantiles in Tunbridge Wells.
The railway holds a number of special event days throughout the year including Transport Film Festivals, Santa Specials, a Summer Diesel Gala and also real ale and cider festival (jointly organised by CAMRA) which is combined with the railway's autumn diesel gala and held each October.
The railway operates from February to October as well as Tuesdays, Wednesdays & Thursdays in the summer months. In December the railway operates Santa Special services up until Christmas and then runs selected days between Christmas and/including New Year's Day.
During November and January, the line is usually closed to the public. This allows the railway's infrastructure department time to carry out major track renewals such as installation of new point work, something that Groombridge and Tunbridge Wells West have both benefited from in recent times.
Future
Whilst the Spa Valley Railway certainly has no current plans to extend its operational railway line, it has a stated aim "...to continually develop its railway services and facilities". Its business plan states that the SVR "will seek to protect the alignment of the closed railway lines around Eridge, that may at some future time provide the basis for an extension of our railway".
Rolling stock
Steam
Operational
Non-operational
Diesel and electric locomotives
Operational
Non-operational
Multiple Units
DMU s are diesel multiple units. EMUs are electric multiple units but these are only being used as static or hauled stock on this line.
Carriages
References
External links
Spa Valley Railway website.
Heritage Railway Association website.
Heritage railways in Kent
Heritage railways in East Sussex
Railway companies established in 1996
Borough of Tunbridge Wells
Standard gauge railways in England
Rolling stock on the Spa Valley Railway
British companies established in 1996
2009 Fagiano Okayama season
Competitions
League Table
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Fagiano Okayama
Fagiano Okayama seasons
The University of São Tomé and Príncipe (), USTP, is a public institution of higher education in São Tomé and Príncipe. It is the main institution dedicated to teaching, research and university extension of the country. It was established in 2014 by merging three older institutions of higher education: ISP (Instituto Superior Politécnico de São Tomé e Príncipe, also ISPSTP), EFOPE (Escola de Formação de Professores e Educadores) and ICS (Instituto de Ciências de Saúde).
History
The polytechnical school ISP was founded in 1996 through Decree 88, under the name "Higher Polytechnic Institute of São Tomé and Príncipe" (ISPSTP, in portuguese); it began operations in the academic year 1997/1998. Under the auspices of the Ministry of Education and Culture, ISPSTP began its activities with three-year baccalaureate courses aimed at training secondary school teachers in the areas of Portuguese, French, Mathematics, Biology and History. Other baccalaureate courses were created later.
The predecessor of the medical school ICS, Escola de Formação dos Quadros da Saúde Dr. Victor Sá Machado, was established in 2003 with financial support from the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation, and was inaugurated in October 2003. In 2014 it was renamed Instituto Superior de Ciências da Saúde Victor Sá Machado.
On July 24, 2014, the government of São Tomé and Príncipe decided to establish the "São Tomé and Príncipe Public University" (UPSTP). For that, they converted the ISPSTP (transforming into an organic institution), creating instead the first public university of the archipelago. At the installation ceremony, the Minister of Education, Culture and Formation, Jorge Lopes Bom Jesus, installed the university professor Peregrino do Sacramento da Costa, as the Rector of the new university.
Two Brazilian institutions have supported the project since its inception in 2012: the University for International Integration of the Afro-Brazilian Lusophony (Unilab) and the Federal University of Minas Gerais (UFMG). Both universities, together with the Brazilian Ministry of Education are assisting the institution until its final consolidation. In September 2015, the creation of a German course was announced at the UPSTP with the support of the Goethe Institute and the German Academy Exchange Service and in collaboration of the University of Münster. In 2016 the university changed its name to "Universidade de São Tomé e Príncipe" (USTP). On July 28, 2016, the new rector, Professor Ayres Bruzaca de Menezes, took office.
Departments and courses
The University of São Tomé and Príncipe covers the following scientific areas:
Sciences of Nature, Life and Environment
Human and Social Sciences and Arts
Exact Sciences and Engineering
Economic and Political Sciences and Law
It offers the following courses:
Human and Social Sciences and Arts, Exact Sciences and Engineering
Licentiate in Biology
Licentiate in Mathematics
Licentiate in Agronomy
Licentiate in Physics
Licentiate in Business Administration
Licentiate in Public Relations and Communications
Licentiate in Economics
Licentiate in Hotel Management
Licentiate in Computer Engineering
Licentiate in Electronic Engineering and Telecommunications
Licentiate in Systems and Information Technology
Licentiate in the Portuguese language
Licentiate in History
Licentiate in the French language
Licentiate in Geography
Licentiate in Law
Health Sciences
Licentiate in management administration in health services
Bachelor in Nursing
Bachelor in Clinical Analysis
Bachelor in Anesthesia
Complement on the secondary education in pharmacy
Middle courses on nursing
Middle courses on maternal and child health
Specialization in surgical instrumentation
Education
Licentiate in Primary Education, Initial Training
Complement of Licentiate in Primary Education
Bachelor in Primary Education
Bachelor in Children's Education
Notable alumni and professor
Claudio Corallo - former professor, agronomical engineer and business person
Guadalupe de Ceita (alumnus of the former School of Nursing) - medic and politician
Jorge Bom Jesus (alumnus and former professor) - linguist and politician.
Rectors
References
External links
Instituto Superior Politécnico site in Portuguese
University of São Tomé and Príncipe site in Portuguese
Buildings and structures in São Tomé
2014 establishments in São Tomé and Príncipe
Educational institutions established in 2014
Tom Curry (1 September 1894 – 6 February 1958) was an English footballer who played as a half back for Newcastle United and Stockport County in the 1920s. After retiring from playing, they became the club trainer at Carlisle United; they remained in that job for four years, before becoming the trainer for Manchester United, a position they held until their death in the Munich air disaster.
Career
Born in South Shields, County Durham, Curry began their football career with their local side, Newcastle United. The start of their professional career was delayed by the First World War in which they served as a sergeant with the Tyne Electrical Engineers. They played as a half-back, making 221 appearances between 1919 and 1929, and scoring five goals. In 1929, they moved to Stockport County, for whom they played for one season; they scored once in 19 league appearances for Stockport.
In 1930, Curry retired from playing football and began to focus on coaching; they were soon appointed as the trainer of Carlisle United. After four years with Carlisle, Curry was picked up by Manchester United, who were then managed by Scott Duncan. Football was suspended in 1939 due to the Second World War. When it resumed after the war, Duncan was replaced by Matt Busby.
In 1958, Curry travelled to Yugoslavia with the Manchester United team for a European Cup quarter-final second leg against Red Star Belgrade. On the way back, the plane carrying the team stopped in Munich for refuelling. However, due to slush on the runway, the plane was unsuccessful in its third take-off attempt and crashed. The incident, later to become known as the Munich air disaster, killed 23 of the 44 people on board, including Curry.
Curry was cremated at Manchester Crematorium.
References
External links
Tom Curry
1894 births
1958 deaths
English footballers
Association football wing halves
Newcastle United F.C. players
Stockport County F.C. players
English Football League players
Carlisle United F.C. non-playing staff
Manchester United F.C. non-playing staff
English Football League representative players
Tyne Electrical Engineers soldiers
British Army personnel of World War I
Victims of the Munich air disaster
People from South Shields
Sportspeople from South Shields
Association football coaches
Glenville (also spelled Glennville) is an unincorporated community in Russell County, Alabama, United States which used to be in Barbour County. During the Civil War, Company "H" of the 15th Regiment Alabama Infantry was raised from Barbour and Dale counties and called the "Glenville Guards". The Glennville Historic District, containing the antebellum core of the community, is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
History
Glennville was the first permanent community in what is today Russell County. It was founded in 1835, after the Muscogee removal, by Methodist preacher James Elizabeth Glenn. The town quickly developed into an economic and cultural center of East Alabama. In addition to the Methodist Church, the community was home to Male and Female Academies and the Weyman
School for Girls, all of which were renowned throughout the South for their classical curricula. The town also had a post office, stores, a Masonic Lodge, and an inn. The town incorporated in 1854, seeking to attract a rail line, but the line was opposed by many planters in the community. With railroad bypassing Glennville and diminished power and influence of farmers after the Civil War, the town gradually faded.
Geography
Glenville is located in the rural southern portion of Russell County along U.S. Route 431, approximately north of Eufaula and
southwest of Columbus, Georgia.
Demographics
Glenville appeared on the U.S. Census in 1850 when it was located in Barbour County. It did not reappear again until 1880 with a much-diminished population after the borders were redrawn between Barbour and Russell Counties and it was moved into the latter. It last appeared on the 1890 census.
Architecture
The historic district consists of 32 main structures, 27 outbuildings, and 6 cemeteries. The most prominent are antebellum plantation houses, most of which exhibit Greek Revival style. The Methodist church (built circa 1850) is also Greek Revival, while the Episcopal church (1926) shows Gothic influence. Late 19th- and early 20th-century tenant farmer houses are more modest, and reflect the changing fortunes of the town.
Notable person
William Curran Dawson, former member of the Alabama House of Representatives
Gallery
References
Unincorporated communities in Russell County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Columbus metropolitan area, Georgia
National Register of Historic Places in Russell County, Alabama
Historic districts in Russell County, Alabama
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
The Wilfred X. Johnson House is a historic house at 206 Tower Avenue in Hartford, Connecticut. Built in 1928, it was the home from 1966 until their death the home of Wilfred X. Johnson (1920–1972), the state's first African-American state representative. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
Description and history
The Wilfred X. Johnson House is located on Hartford's north side, on the north side of Tower Avenue between Barbour and Hampton Streets. The property's rear abuts the city's Keney Park. The house is stories in height, built out of brick with wooden trim. It is covered by a hip roof that is pierced on the front by a shed-roof dormer. Single-story wings extend to either side of the main block. The front facade is three bays wide, with a center entrance sheltered by a gabled porch with cove ceiling. The entrance is flanked by pilasters that match the posts supporting the porch. The bays on either side of the entrance have tripled sash windows, while the upper floor bays have a 2-1-2 pattern of window grouping. The flanking wings each have tripled sash windows. Some of the windows retain their original diamond-pane sashes. The interior of the house follows a center hall plan.
The house was built in 1928, and is a fairly typical example of Colonial Revival architecture built at that time. In 1966 it was purchased by Wilfred and Gertrude Johnson.
Wilfred Johnson
Wilfred X. Johnson, a native of Georgia, came to Hartford as a child with their parents, and was locally educated. They took a position as a messenger boy at the Hartford National Bank, rising to become the state's first African-American bank teller in 1955. They were active in the local Democratic Party, and won election to the state legislature in 1958, the first African-American to do so. Gertrude Johnson was also active the party, working to achieve racial balance in the city's schools.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hartford, Connecticut
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
National Register of Historic Places in Hartford, Connecticut
Colonial Revival architecture in Connecticut
Houses completed in 1928
Houses in Hartford, Connecticut
The House of Lords (Expulsion and Suspension) Act 2015 is an Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom which authorised the House of Lords to expel a member, or to suspend a member for a definite period of time. This power may only be exercised for conduct which either was committed or became public knowledge after the Act comes into force. A member who is expelled is disqualified from becoming a member again.
This act arose from a private member's bill sponsored by Baroness Hayman and Sir George Young.
Background
Historically the House of Lords had no power to expel a member from the House, even if they had committed a criminal offence or been imprisoned. An example of this was when Lord Black of Crossharbour was imprisoned for three years and was placed on a leave of absence from the House but only had to give three months notice in order to return. The strongest sanction the House of Lords could issue against a peer was a suspension for the rest of the Parliamentary session.
In 2009, the Committee for Privileges and Conduct issued a report suggesting that the House be granted the power to expel members. The resulting House of Lords Reform Act 2014 allowed for expulsions to be made on grounds of non-attendance or serious criminal conviction. However it was felt these powers were insufficient. The House of Lords (Expulsion and Suspension) Bill was first introduced to Parliament as a Private Members Bill by Baroness Hayman in the House of Lords before progressing to the House of Commons where it was sponsored by Sir George Young. It received Royal Assent from Queen Elizabeth II on 26 March 2015.
Effect
The Act granted the House of Lords the power to amend their Standing Orders to allow for peers to be expelled for breaching the House of Lords code of conduct. Any peer ejected in this manner would still be entitled to keep their title. The Act was cited by Lord Speaker Baroness D'Souza as evidence for the House of Lords reforming.
It was speculated that the power would first be used after Lord Sewel was filmed allegedly taking cocaine, however Lord Sewel resigned in July 2015 before the investigation could take place.
The first peer recommended for expulsion by the Lords Conduct Committee was Lord Ahmed in November 2020, who subsequently resigned from the Lords as well.
See also
Reform of the House of Lords (details reform proposals put forward since 1997)
History of reform of the House of Lords (details reforms enacted since the 16th century)
House of Lords Reform Act 2014 (whose provisions were amended by the 2015 Act)
References
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 2015
Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom concerning the House of Lords
Reform in the United Kingdom
The 2011 FIVB Volleyball World League was the 22nd edition of the annual men's international volleyball tournament, played by 16 countries from 27 May to 10 July 2011. The Final Round was held in Gdańsk, Poland.
Qualification
Top 14 teams of the 2010 edition directly qualified.
and qualified through the qualification.
replaced , who withdrew from the tournament.
replaced , who withdrew from the tournament.
Pools composition
Squads
Pool standing procedure
Match points
Number of matches won
Sets ratio
Points ratio
Result of the last match between the tied teams
Match won 3–0 or 3–1: 3 match points for the winner, 0 match points for the loser
Match won 3–2: 2 match points for the winner, 1 match point for the loser
Intercontinental round
All times are local.
The top two teams in each pool will qualify for the Final Round. If the Final Round hosts Poland finish lower than second in Pool A, they will still qualify along with the best three second place teams across all four pools.
Pool A
|}
Week 1
|}
Week 2
|}
Week 3
|}
Week 4
|}
Week 5
|}
Week 6
|}
Pool B
|}
Week 1
|}
Week 2
|}
Week 3
|}
Week 4
|}
Week 5
|}
Week 6
|}
Pool C
|}
Week 1
|}
Week 2
|}
Week 3
|}
Week 4
|}
Week 5
|}
Week 6
|}
Pool D
|}
Week 1
|}
Week 2
|}
Week 3
|}
Week 4
|}
Week 5
|}
Week 6
|}
Final round
Venue: Ergo Arena, Gdańsk, Poland
All times are Central European Summer Time (UTC+02:00).
Pool play
Pool E
|}
|}
Pool F
|}
|}
Final four
Semifinals
|}
3rd place match
|}
Final
|}
Final standing
Awards
Most Valuable Player
Maxim Mikhaylov
Best Scorer
Bartosz Kurek
Best Spiker
Théo Lopes
Best Blocker
Maxim Mikhaylov
Best Server
Dmitriy Muserskiy
Best Setter
Luciano De Cecco
Best Receiver
Murilo Endres
Best Libero
Krzysztof Ignaczak
External links
Official website
Final Standing
2011
FIVB World League
Sport in Sopot
Dyan Sheldon is an American novelist, who has written for adults, children and young adults. Originally from Brooklyn, they reside in London and has written a number of young adult novels as well as many picture books in a variety of genres. Them young adult science-fiction novel Perfect was published under the name "D. M. Quintano", as it was a departure from their usual style.
Dyan Sheldon's novel Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen, a #1 New York Times bestseller, was made into a movie of the same name by Disney in 2004, starring Lindsay Lohan.
Selected bibliography
Adult novels
Victim of Love (1982)
Dreams of an Average Man (1985)
My Life as a Whale (1992)
Young adult novels
You Can Never Go Home Any more (1993)
Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen (1999)
And Baby Makes Two (2000)
My (Not So) Perfect Life (2002)
Planet Janet (2003)
Sophie Pitt-Turnbull Discovers America (2005)
Perfect (as D. M. Quintano) (2005)
I Conquer Britain (2006)
My Worst Best Friend (2010)
Confessions of a Hollywood Star (2005)
Away for the weekend (2011)
Tall, Thin and Blonde (2012)
More than one way to be a girl (2017)
Children's novels
Harry and Chicken (1990)
My Brother Is a Visitor from Another Planet (1992)
Only Binky (1993)
Bad Place for a Bus Stop (1994)
Lizzie and Charley Go Shopping (1999)
Undercover Angel (2000)
The Difficulties of Keeping Time (2008)
Picture books
The Whales' Song (1991)
Under the Moon (1994) (alternative title, The Garden)
Unicorn Dreams (1997) (alternative title, Unicorn City)
The Last Angel (2003)
Vampire Across the Way (2004)
References
External links
Dyan Sheldon at Fantastic Fiction
Living people
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American children's writers
American women novelists
American women children's writers
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ghezel Aghul (, also Romanized as Ghezel Āghūl and Qezel Āghūl) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Larry James Walton (born February 8, 1947) is a former American football wide receiver. They played eight years in the National Football League for the Detroit Lions (1969-1974 and 1976) and Buffalo Bills (1978). Their best seasons were from 1970 to 1972 when they caught 84 passes for 1,508 yards and 16 touchdowns. They missed the 1975 season after undergoing knee surgery. They were cut by the Lions on September 12, 1977, later attempting a comeback with the Bills in 1978.
Walton was born in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, in 1947. They played college football at Trinidad State Junior College in Colorado and at Arizona State University. In November 1967, they tied a Western Athletic Conference record with four touchdowns (three rushing, one receiving) in a game. They gained 719 yards for Arizona State in 1968.
References
1947 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Johnstown, Pennsylvania
American football wide receivers
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
Arizona State Sun Devils football players
Detroit Lions players
Buffalo Bills players
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Neuquén () covers Neuquén Province, in Argentina. It is a suffragan see to the Archdiocese of Mendoza.
History
On 10 April 1961, Blessed John XXIII established the Diocese of Neuquén from the Diocese of Viedma.
Bishops
Ordinaries
Jaime Francisco de Nevares (1961–1991)
Agustín Roberto Radrizzani, S.D.B. (1991–2001), appointed Bishop of Lomas de Zamora
Marcelo Angiolo Melani, S.D.B. (2002–2011)
Virginio Domingo Bressanelli, S.C.I. (2011–2017)
Fernando Croxatto (2017–present)
Coadjutor bishop
Virginio Domingo Bressanelli, S.C.I. (2010–2011)
References
Neuquen
Neuquen
Neuquen
Neuquen
1961 establishments in Argentina
Ahrbrück () is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. The municipality comprises the three districts of Ahrbrück (formerly known as Denn), Brück and Pützfeld.
History
In 893, Pützfeld was mentioned as a possession of the monastery of Prüm. The rural communities of Bruck and Denn were first documented in 1265. In the 13th Century, the three settlements belonged to the County of Are and by 1246 they were part of the Electorate of Cologne. Pützfeld had a larger castle and by 1681 it's Lady chapel was built next to the river Ahr.
In 1938, the citizens of Denn were evacuated to permit the establishment of an Air Force training area. The town was renamed Ahrbrück when the settlement was re-colonized after the Second World War. The Ahrbrück crystal factory became a refuge for ethnic Germans expelled from Sudetenland.
Today's church was rebuilt on June 7, 1969, after the dissolution of the previously independent municipalities of Ahrbrück (502 inhabitants), Brück (443 inhabitants) and Pützfeld (230 inhabitants).
Population
Population as of 31. December:
Data source: Statistical Office of Rhineland-Palatinate
Politics
The local council in Ahrbrück consists of 16 Council members who were elected by the local elections of 7 June 2009. The council appoints an honorary mayor as chairperson.
Distribution of seats in the elected council:
Culture
Notable are the village chapels of St. Rochus in Ahrbrück and of St. Katharina in Brück. Additionally, the baroque shrine Marien-Wallfahrtskapelle () in Pützfeld was restored in 1993.
References
Populated places in Ahrweiler (district)
Pseudotriccus is a genus of birds in the tyrant flycatcher family Tyrannidae. They are found in the undergrowth of Andean forests.
Species
It contains three species:
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Chiayi Cheng Huang Temple () is a Chinese temple dedicated to the City God or Cheng Huang Ye () which is located in East District, Chiayi City, Taiwan. The temple was founded in 1715, it is one of the oldest and prominent temples in the region.
The temple applied for national monument status in 2011, but was not listed at the time. Another application was submitted to the Bureau of Cultural Heritage and approved in April 2015.
The temple offers an educational fund and charity programs. The first cangue processions held at the temple in six decades started in 2014.
References
1715 establishments in Taiwan
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1715
Religious buildings and structures in Chiayi City
Taoist temples in Taiwan
National monuments of Taiwan
Parry Island or Islands may refer to:
Parry Island (Ontario), in Georgian Bay, Ontario, Canada, site of the Wasauksing First Nation
Parry Island (Pacific), part of Enewetak Atoll in the Pacific Ocean and a fighting theatre in World War II
Parry Island, former name of Philip Island (British Columbia)
Parry Islands, former name of the Queen Elizabeth Islands, Canada
See also
Perry Island (disambiguation)
Tamarod (, "rebellion") was an Egyptian grassroots movement that was founded to register opposition to President Mohamed Morsi and force them to call early presidential elections. The goal was to collect 15 million signatures by 30 June 2013, the one-year anniversary of Morsi's inauguration. On 29 June 2013 the movement claimed to have collected more than 22 million signatures (22,134,460). A counter campaign was launched in support of Morsi's presidency which claimed to have collected 11 million signatures. The movement was planning to become a political party following the 2014 Egyptian presidential election.
The movement helped launch the June 2013 Egyptian protests which preceded the 2013 Egyptian coup d'état.
History
The Rebel movement was founded by five activists, including its official spokesperson Mahmoud Badr, on 28 April 2013. An opposition group within the organization -- initially named Tamarod 2 Get Liberated -- argued that Tamarod was only able to collect 8.5 million signatures and that some of its founders were trained by security services. A report by Reuters alleged that police officers and officials from the Ministry of the Interior signed and helped distribute and collect signatures for the petition, as well as attending demonstrations themselves.
Members of the movement stated that they would support appointing Maher el-Beheiry, the former head of the Supreme Constitutional Court, to temporarily replace Morsi if they were to step down. The movement gave Morsi until 2 July 2013 to step down; if they did not step down, a civil disobedience campaign was to be initiated.
On 2 July 2013, the Salafist Call and its political wing, the Salafist Nour Party, stated that it had three main demands: a snap presidential poll should take place, a technocratic government should be formed and a committee should be formed to examine constitutional amendments.
The Egyptian armed forces gave both sides until 3 July 2013 to defuse the crisis. At that point, the armed forces said it would offer a "road map", though they stated that they would not get involved in politics or the government. Subsequently, the armed forces removed Morsi and replaced them with Adly Mahmoud Mansour, who had recently succeeded Maher el-Beheiry as head of the Supreme Constitutional Court.
Supporters of Tamarod
Among the political forces that initially announced support for the Rebel movement were Shayfeencom, the Kefaya Movement, the National Salvation Front and the April 6 Youth Movement. Nabil Na'eem, a former leader of Egyptian Islamic Jihad, stated that they would take part in the protests. The Strong Egypt Party stated that it supported the movement and called for early presidential elections.
The movement also accepted an endorsement by Ahmed Shafik. Mohamed El Baradei, one of the leaders of the National Salvation Front, stated that former members of the National Democratic Party would be welcomed as long as they were not convicted of any crimes.
Opposition to Tamarod
Supporters of President Morsi from the Muslim Brotherhood and other Islamist organizations launched two campaigns called Mu'ayyed (supporter) and Tagarrod (impartiality) in response to the Rebel movement petitions and started collecting signatures to support the continuation of Morsi's rule. The Tagarrod campaign stated that it had 11 million signatures by 20 June 2013.
Some Morsi supporters criticised the Rebel movement by claiming that it is "a manipulation of the will of the people and only serves counter-revolutionary forces supported by the remnants of the Mubarak regime".
Role following the military coup
The Tamarod campaign strongly supported the military's toppling of Morsi, the military transition government, the security force raids that involved the killing of hundreds of Brotherhood members and the jailing of thousands of rank and file. Mahmoud Badr and another Tamarod founder, Mohamed Abdel Aziz, were appointed to the post-coup fifty-member committee redrafting Egypt's Constitution.
In the aftermath of the military coup in Egypt, defence minister General Abdul Fattah al-Sisi called for mass demonstrations on 26 July 2013, to grant their forces a "mandate" to crack down on "terrorism". While this announcement was rejected by Egyptian human rights groups and by many of the political movements that had initially supported the military coup, such as the revolutionary April 6 Youth Movement and the moderate Strong Egypt Party, Tamarod sided with General Sisi and called on their supporters to participate in the demonstrations. Mohamed Khamis, a leading Tamarod activist, said: "We support it, we will go out on the streets on Friday, and ask the army and the police to go and end this terrorism."
On 14 August 2013, following the August 2013 Rabaa massacre by security forces of supporters of deposed president Mohamed Morsi, in which hundreds of terrorists were killed, Tamarod criticized Vice-President Mohamed ElBaradei for their decision to resign in protest against the crackdown.
On 15 August, Tamarod released a statement on state television calling on all Egyptians to form neighbourhood watches, in anticipation of plans by supporters of former president Mohamed Morsi to organise nationwide marches in protest against the violent dispersal of their sit-ins. Founder and spokesperson Mahmoud Badr said: "Just as you met our calls to take to the streets on 30 June, today we ask you to meet our calls and form neighbourhood watches tomorrow. Our country is facing huge threats." While this call was supported by the National Salvation Front, it was rejected by the Strong Egypt Party and by the April 6 Youth Movement, which called it irresponsible and warned that it could lead towards civil war.
Tamarod's indiscriminate support for the Egyptian military has been criticised by some liberal activists and media, with Mada Masr's Sarah Carr calling them the "Tamarod (Rebel) battalion of the Egyptian army". Tamarod has also supported the police.
On 8 October 2013, the group announced that it would run in the 2015 parliamentary election. Tamarod formed and tried to officially register a political party called the Arabic Popular Movement.
In early 2014, some leaders of the movement broke away and formed a splinter group, known as Tamarud 2 Get Liberated, in response to the authoritarianism of the post-coup military backed government. Members of the breakaway faction have claimed that some of the founders of the Tamarod movement were agents of state security forces. The organization, named Taharor, has stated that it believes that the Tamarod movement ignores police brutality. The group was critical of the April 6 Youth Movement following the banning of the youth movement; Tamarod spokesperson Mohamed Nabawy stated that the ruling of the Egyptian judiciary was based on "evidence".
Campaign against the US
Following efforts by the US administration to mediate reconciliation between the post-coup government and the Muslim Brotherhood and Western criticism of the violent dispersal of sit-ins by supporters of deposed president Morsi, Tamarod sharply criticised the United States and President Obama. In an interview, Tamarod co-founder Mahmoud Badr said: "I tell you, President Obama, why don't you and your small, meaningless aid go to hell?"
Tamarod launched a campaign to refuse US aid in all its forms and to cancel the peace agreement "between Egypt and the Israeli entity" and called for rallies in support of the Egyptian government against "foreign intervention."
In August 2013, Tamarod expressed its anti-US attitude by choosing the picture of a burning American flag as cover photo of its Facebook page.
Support for the Syrian government
In August 2013, when several Western countries were discussing military strikes against the Syrian government of Bashar al-Assad following an alleged chemical weapons attack in the Ghouta region on 21 August, which resulted in the deaths of hundreds of civilians, Tamarod released a statement saying that "it is a national duty to support the Syrian army" and denounced "people who betray their country". In the statement, Tamarod also called on the Egyptian government to close the Suez Canal to any vessel supporting military action against Syria.
References
External links
Official website
2013 Egyptian coup d'état
Organisations of the Egyptian Crisis (2011–2014)
Nonviolent resistance movements
2013 establishments in Egypt
Political parties established in 2013
The 1937 French Grand Prix (formally the XXXI Grand Prix de l'Automobile Club de France) was a Grand Prix motor race which was held at Montlhéry, France on 4 July 1937. The race was held over 40 laps of the 12.5 km course for a total distance of 500 km. The race was won by Louis Chiron driving a Talbot. Similar to the 1936 race this year was run for sports cars. However, in order to help French manufacturers prepare for the new 1938 Grand Prix regulations, a 4.5L maximum engine capacity was imposed.
Classification
Fastest Lap: Louis Chiron, 5m29.7
References
French Grand Prix
French Grand Prix
Grand Prix
1937 in French motorsport
Bereket is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
Let's Go' is the seventh studio album by Australian singer David Campbell, released in November 2011.
The album is a collection of songs from the 1980s.
Campbell toured the album nationally in 2012.
Track listing
CD/DD (88697987582)
"Shout to the Top" (Paul Weller) - 3:32
"Tainted Love" (Ed Cobb) - 2:37
"Let's Go" (Jack Hues, Nick Feldman)- 4:55
"I'm Your Man" (George Michael) - 4:48
"Don't You Want Me" with Josie Lane (Jo Callis, Adrian Wright, Philip Oakey)- 3:59
"Goody Two Shoes" (Adam Ant, Marco Pirroni)- 3:14
"True" (Gary Kemp) - 4:39
"Missing You" (Charles Sandford, John Waite, Mark Leonard) - 3:43
"Come on Eileen" (Kevin Adams, James Patterson, Kevin Rowland)- 4:39
"I Can Dream About You" (Dan Hartman) - 3:20
"Only You" (Vince Clarke) - 3:40
"You Make My Dreams" (Daryl Hall & John Oates) - 2:57
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
External links
"Let's Go" by David Campbell at Discogs
References
2011 albums
Covers albums
Sony Music Australia albums
David Campbell (Australian musician) albums
James Lloyd (24 March 1728–14 March 1810) was an American surgeon and obstetrician.
They were born at the Manor of Queens Village on Long Island, New York to Henry Lloyd and Rebecca Nelson. Their father's sizable collection of medical texts may have inspired them to pursue a career as a doctor. James apprenticed and studied under the Boston physicians Silvester Gardiner and John Clark between 1745 and 1748, and, in 1749, traveled to London to work as a resident at Guy's Hospital. There, they learned groundbreaking surgical techniques like flap amputations, and attended lectures performed by pioneering surgeons and obstetricians. In 1759, Lloyd married Sarah Comrin (Comryn) (1734-1797) in Boston, Mass. Together they had two children: Sarah and James Lloyd III.
After completing their tenure in London, Lloyd returned to Boston, where, in addition to opening their own practice in surgery and obstetrics, they showed a commitment to educating a new generation of physicians. They performed lectures on the techniques they had learned abroad and apprenticed at least ten young doctors between 1760 and 1790. They were elected as a member to the American Philosophical Society in 1771.
At the outbreak of the Revolutionary War, Lloyd was serving as a surgeon for a British military unit based near Boston. For this, they were labeled a traitor and jailed, but was soon released in the hopes that they would use their medical skill to serve the patriot cause. After the war, the British offered Lloyd financial redress for their war-ravaged Long Island manor if they would become a British citizen. They refused. Lloyd was a founder of the Massachusetts Medical Society and thought to be the first specialized obstetrician in America.
James Lloyd died in Boston in 1810. John Sylverster John Gardiner gave their funeral sermon at Trinity Church in Boston.
References
1728 births
1810 deaths
Members of the American Philosophical Society
American obstetricians
"Hold On" is a song by Canadian crooner Michael Bublé, released as the second single from their fourth studio album, Crazy Love. The single was released on December 11, 2009, although it was serviced to radio again on February 14, 2011, after its appearance in an episode of the talent series Dancing on Ice.
Background
The single was released on December 11, 2009, in the United Kingdom, before a release in the United States followed on January 24, 2010. Prior to the release of the music video, a lyric video was made available via Bublé's official YouTube account. The song debuted on radio on Magic 105.4 FM in November 2009, three weeks before the music video, again directed by Rich Lee, premiered. Two main remixes of the song were issued alongside its release, including versions by J.R. Rotem and Chris Lord-Alge. The single was once again serviced to radio on February 14, 2011, after its appearance in an episode of the talent series Dancing on Ice.
Track listing
Digital download
"Hold On" (UK Radio Mix) - 4:07
"Let It Snow, Let It Snow, Let It Snow" (Live) - 2:24
Promotional CD single
"Hold On" (JR Rotem Mix) - 3:51
"Hold On" (Chris Lord Alge Radio Mix) - 4:07
"Hold On" (UK Radio Mix) - 4:07
"Hold On" (Album Version) - 4:05
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2009 singles
Michael Bublé songs
Songs written by Michael Bublé
Songs written by Alan Chang
2000s ballads
Pop ballads
143 Records singles
Reprise Records singles
2009 songs
Songs written by Amy S. Foster
The white-breasted thrasher (Ramphocinclus brachyurus), also known as goj blan in Creole, is a species of bird in the family Mimidae. Semper and Sclater (1872) describe the white-breasted thrasher as an "inquisitive and noisy bird" that would often "keep up a constant warning chatter, and throw itself about in all sorts of contortions" when being disturbed. It is endemic to Martinique and Saint Lucia, found only on these two islands of the Lesser Antilles. This resident species is easy to find within its range; however, it is classified as endangered by the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species mainly due to its restricted habitat.
Description
The white-breasted thrasher is in average 23 to 25 cm long, and weight from 48 to 60 g depending on sex and subspecies. An adult bird has a dark brown plumage with a white throat, breast, and belly. Its dark beak is long and slightly decurved towards the tip. Several dark bristles are located around the lores, between the red eyes and nostrils of the bird. This medium-sized passerine has long and strong black legs and can live up to 7–8 years. Males and females are sexually monomorphic, thus identical in size and coloration. This bird is difficulty sexed by hand or sight due to sexual monomorphism. Males and females have the same plumage and only breeding females can be identified during breading season by their brood patch.
The plumage of an immature white-breasted thrasher is uniformly brown, with a brown throat and a greyish belly. The white patch on its breast will develop with age, around a month later. When the bird is in its first year, it can be differentiated to an adult bird by the rusty brown colour of its upper-parts, and its brownish eye color.
Taxonomy
The white-breasted thrasher belongs to a monophyletic group and is the only member of genus Ramphocinclus.
There are two known subspecies of white-breasted thrasher:
Ramphocinclus brachyurus brachyurus,
Ramphocinclus brachyurus sanctaeluciae
Until now, the two subspecies are each restricted to their own habitat location, but they can also be differentiated by their size and coloration. Indeed, R. b. sanctaeluciae is larger, darker, and show a greater sexual dimorphism than R. b. brachyurus.
Habitat and Distribution
Distribution
Because the white-breasted thrasher is endemic to two islands of the Lesser Antilles, its range is dangerously small for species survival.
The nominal subspecies, R. b. brachyurus, is only found in Martinique, where its habitat is restricted to a 5 km^2, now protected, area called the Caravelle Peninsula.
Whereas R. b. sanctaeluciae inhabits Saint Lucia, which is south of Martinique. Two different populations of this subspecies are distinguished by habitat location on the island: a northern population located in Iyanola municipality and a southern one in Mandelé municipality.
There is no evidence of white-breasted thrasher movement between the two islands.
Habitat
The white-breasted thrasher prefers deciduous tropical dry forests and shrub lands, although the northern population of R. b. sanctaeluciae lives along ravines and river-valleys.
The semi wooded habitats carefully selected by this habitat specialist must be located within 2 km of the coast, and up to 200 m above sea level. Low canopy shrubs and clear spaces are avoided by both subspecies because of predation, especially during breeding. Soils with an abundant leaf-litter are also favoured for feeding.
Behaviour
Diet
The white-breasted thrasher's diet is adaptable and goes from animal proteins to fruits. Feeding habits depend on what's available to the bird according to environmental conditions. White-breasted thrashers are ground eaters. They forage mainly on leaf litter fauna, looking for insects or berries. They also have the ability to regurgitate a whole berry and spit out seeds to save it for a later meal.
Predators
Because white-breasted thrashers are ground eating birds, they are mostly vulnerable to small mammals attacks, but they are also often victim of egg predation. The predator list differ for each subspecies, as the two islands don't have the same fauna and introduced species. R.b.sanctaeluciae predators are the boa constrictor (Constrictor orophias), the common opossum (Didelphis marsupialis), and the broad-wing hawk (Buteo platypterus) whereas R.b.brachyrus predators are rats (Rattus rattus), the introduced small Asian mongooses (Herpestes javanicus), and cats (Felis silverstris catus).
Vocalization
Vocalization repertoire of the white-breasted thrasher is limited which is surprising for a species that belongs to Mimids. The white-breasted thrashers often vocalize short and harsh calls, and sometimes a musical "tee-rou". Alarm calls are harsh "tschh" on Saint Lucia, and "grok grok" on Martinique. They are used between birds to warn each other when athreat is perceived. Juveniles are located by thin "tseep" calls.
Reproduction
The white-breasted thrasher's breeding season starts mid-April and lasts until the end of September. A breeding bird can have up to four successive broods in one breeding season and the average clutch size varies from 1 to 3 eggs. Birds usually live in pair and build voluminous nests in high trees from 1.5 to 5 m above the ground. Before using a nest, a pari of bird usually build several of them. Each individual takes turn in nest building tasks. For instance, each bird sit in the nest, in turns, to adjust the inside part of it. White-breasted thrashers are thus called cooperative breeders.
Because of egg predation, nesting failure is relatively high and white-breasted thrashers came with an anti-predatory strategy that consists of keeping their nests clean of eggshells and fecal sacs to reduce nest detection.
Conservation Status
The white-breasted thrasher total population is estimated at 1900 individuals and is ranked as "endangered" according to the IUCN Red List. The rate of decline of the population has largely increased due to habitat loss on both islands. The white-breasted thrasher is able to coexist with some of its predators such as rats and mongooses. However, this predation places an additional burden on the already small thrasher population, especially in Martinique where rats and mongooses are more abundant. That is why organizations charged with environmental protection have started several programs such as: rats extermination and mongoose capture program, and also a program aimed at monitoring the reproduction success of the R. b. brachyurus (in which one of the tasks consists of fixing plastic bottles on nesting trees trunks, preventing predators to reach the nest).
References
External links
Les hot-spots du Moqueur gorge-blanche en Martinique.
White-breasted thrasher sound.
white-breasted thrasher
Birds of Martinique
Birds of Saint Lucia
Endemic birds of the Caribbean
Higher-level bird taxa restricted to the West Indies
white-breasted thrasher
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The governor of Ryazan Oblast () is the highest official of Ryazan Oblast, a federal subject of Russia. The governor heads the executive branch in the region.
History of office
The office of the Head of Administration of Ryazan Oblast was introduced on 25 September 1991 by the decree of the President of Russia Boris Yeltsin. Lev Poliyevktovich Bashmakov was appointed to the post, who already headed the region in 1988–90 as Chairman of the Executive Committee.
In December 1996, the first gubernatorial elections were held in the region. Member of the Communist Party Vyacheslav Lyubimov was the winner. The legislative election that followed a few months later also resulted in Communists' success, and Ryazan Oblast became a "red" region for the next 10 years.
In August 2002, amendments were made to the Charter of Ryazan Oblast: the post of "Head of Administration" was replaced by "Governor", who was also allowed to run for a third term. In 2012, the term of office was extended from four to five years.
List of officeholders
References
Politics of Ryazan Oblast
Ryazan
Mike Jensen (born 1958) is a South African ICT expert who was inducted into the Internet Hall of Fame as a "Global Connector" in 2017.  They are particularly known for their work to build networks connecting the non-profit sector and for assisting developing countries to establish network connectivity.
Education
Jensen grew up in Johannesburg in South Africa. They studied biology at Queen's University Belfast from 197680 and, as a post-graduate at the University of Guelph in Canada, specialized in acid-rain pollution research. However, they began to question the value of writing scientific papers that seemed to have little impact on policy making. At that time the Reagan administration in the USA was denying the linkage between pollution and acid rain and Jensen started to write about pollution for student newspapers. After receiving their MSc they returned to South Africa and was, for a time, a technology journalist on the anti-apartheid Rand Daily Mail.
Early innovations
When the Rand Daily Mail closed down in 1985 due to its inability to attract advertisers as a paper that targeted both black and white readers, Jensen decided to emigrate to Canada. In 1982, while studying for their MSc, they had been introduced to the CoSy online messaging system. CoSy was being developed by the University of Guelph and was subsequently selected in 1985 by Byte magazine for that magazine's BYTE Information eXchange, a networked bulletin board. While they waited in Toronto for their Canadian immigration clearance in 1986, Jensen opened a computer account at the University of Toronto that was using Usenet newsgroups for online discussions and information sharing. They had started volunteering with the Ontario Environmental Network (OEN) and wondered whether something similar to Usenet could be put together for environmental groups.
Jensen set up a multi-user network for the OEN, using a cheap personal computer and a PC-based version of the Unix operating system, thereby offering the potential for cheaper internet access than that provided by commercial mainframe systems. Together with Kirk Roberts, they founded an Internet service provider for the non-profit sector, known as "The Web". Subsequently called Web Networks, “The Web” predated the World Wide Web by three years and provided cheaper internet access for NGOs than any commercial systems available at the time. The emergence of similar movements elsewhere, such as the Institute for Global Communications (IGC Internet) in California and GreenNet in London, led to the formation of an International NGO computer network. Web Networks was a founding member of the Association for Progressive Communications (APC), established in 1992, which provides ICT policy advice and support for non-profits and similar groups and with which Jensen continues to maintain close contact.
In the early days of internet, technicians had to travel to install software and to programme code to allow different systems to communicate with each other. Jensen was one of several who travelled extensively to install software and work with local technicians to link NGO networks to APC, using a "mother system" based on that in use at IGC Internet. They worked with Pegasus Networks in Australia, and with Micro-computing for Non-Governmental Organizations (MANGO) in southern Africa, where they started to use the Fidonet bulletin-board system, which proved effective to use with the poor phone lines available in much of Africa. This innovation then took them to GreenNet in London in order to upgrade the APC system to enable the smaller NGOs using Fidonet to gateway with the APC hosts, allowing them to use directly email services and information newsgroups offered by APC members. They then returned to South Africa to install a gateway at WorkNet, the South Africa APC partner that had been set up in 1987. By the end of 1991, Jensen and others had helped join seven African countries to the APC network.
Subsequent career
Jensen then worked in other African countries to provide advice to development agencies, such as NGOs, governments, and the private sector in the development of ICT projects. Their activities, which have taken them to over 45 countries in Africa and elsewhere, have ranged from ICT policy development at the national level to international fibre and rural wireless telecommunication feasibility studies. Their clients have included the World Bank, the African Development Bank, the UK Department for International Development, the World Food Programme, and the Global Libraries initiative of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. They have also worked with the Internet Society and with the Association for Progressive Communications (APC) as Access Specialist, responsible for coordinating policy, research, advocacy, capacity building, and communications on access. They were a member of the African Conference of Ministers' High-Level Working Group, which developed the African Information Society Initiative (AISI). They have provided advice on cross-border fibre provision in Africa and, more recently, has carried out studies of national broadband deployment in Brazil and a study of the benefits of promoting infrastructure-sharing to lower the cost of access. They have also developed national analog-to-digital TV migration strategies.
Internet Hall of Fame
In 2017 Jensen, was inducted into the Internet Hall of Fame as a "Global Connector". In 2012 they had served as a member of the Advisory Board to choose the first inductees to the Hall of Fame, who included Al Gore, Tim Berners-Lee, Linus Torvalds and Jimmy Wales.
Publications
Jensen's publications include:
The community telecentre cookbook for Africa: Recipes for self-sustainability. 2001.
Promoting the Use of Internet Exchange Points: A Guide to Policy, Management, and Technical Issues. 2012.
Towards financial sustainability in community-based networks. 2018.
References
Internet pioneers
Living people
People from Johannesburg
South African computer scientists
University of Guelph alumni
Alumni of Queen's University Belfast
1958 births
Shwesettaw Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area in Myanmar, covering . It was established in 1985. In elevation, it ranges from and harbours mixed deciduous forest in the Minbu, Pwintphyu, Saytotetaya and Ngape Townships in the Magway Region.
References
External links
Protected areas of Myanmar
Protected areas established in 1985
Important Bird Areas of Myanmar
1985 establishments in Burma
The fringe-backed fire-eye (Pyriglena atra), also known as Swainson's fire-eye, is a rare species of bird in the antbird family that is endemic to Brazil. Names in other languages include Olho-de-fogo-rendado and papa-taoca-da-bahia in Portuguese, Batará de Swainson and Ojodefuego de Bahía in Spanish, Alapi noir and Priglène à manteau tacheté in French, and Fleckenmantel-Feuerauge and Fleckenmantel-Feueraugef in German.
Taxonomy
The fringe-backed fire-eye was described by the English naturalist William Swainson in 1825 and given the binomial name Drymophila atra. The current genus Pyriglena was introduced by the German ornithologist Jean Cabanis in 1847.
Description
This bird is about 17.5 cm long. It has red eyes. The male is black and has a patch of white-edged black feathers on its back. The female is reddish-brown with brown underparts, a black tail, and a white throat. The song is a number of whistling fíu sounds and the alarm call is a loud peerit, rising at the end.
Behaviour
Breeding
The nest is on the ground and well camouflaged. It is spherical with a covering of dry leaves and an internal lining of fibers from piaçava palms. Both male and female incubate and provide parental care.
Feeding
This bird forages in tangled vegetation within three meters of the ground, sometimes feeding higher in the canopy. It may be solitary or it may forage in pairs or small family groups. Food items include cockroaches, grasshoppers, winged ants, caterpillars, and geckos. Frogs are also eaten. The bird may follow army ants, which flush the prey items into the open.
Distribution and habitat
The bird is endemic to Brazil where it is a resident of a small strip of the South American Atlantic Forest biome. It inhabits the understory at the edges of lowland primary and secondary tropical forests. It lives in dense forest habitat, avoiding open and sunny areas. The species' range extends from southern Sergipe to north-eastern Bahia, covering about 5000 km² of fragmented habitat.
Status and conservation
The total population is estimated to be between 1000 and 2500 individuals. It is thought to be declining rapidly due to the loss of habitat. The United States Fish and Wildlife Service listed it as an endangered species in 2010. It is a protected species under Brazilian law.
References
fringe-backed fire-eye
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
fringe-backed fire-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Mower is a poem by British poet Philip Larkin, written on 12 June 1979. It was first published in Humberside, the Hull Literary Club magazine, in Autumn 1979.
The poem describes a moment when the speaker accidentally killed a hedgehog with their lawn mower while mowing theirs lawn.
Author Maeve Brennan recalled an earlier incident in which Larkin had deliberately killed a hedgehog with their car, and their guilt about it. They linked that incident with the later poem. Author Sisir Kumar Chatterjee writes that the poem embodies Larkin's themes of "mutual care, sympathy, and kindness." Janice Rossen notes this is a recurring theme in their work, citing the similar suffering of a dying rabbit in "Myxomatosis," published in The Less Deceived.
The archive of Philip Larkin's work at University of Hull includes the blue 'Victa' rotary lawn mower involved in the incident that inspired the poem.
References
External links
Phiip Larkin archives via University of Hull
The Mower via The Writer's Almanac
1979 poems
Krstec is a village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia. Krstec is the highest settlement of the municipality.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 1 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 1
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
The Toyota Camry (XV30) is a mid-size car produced by Toyota from June 2001 to January 2006. The XV30 series represented the fifth generation of the Toyota Camry in all markets outside Japan, which followed a different generational lineage. The XV30 range is split into different model codes indicative of the engine. Four-cylinder models utilize the ACV30 (front-wheel drive) and ACV35 (all-wheel drive) codes, with MCV30 (3.0-liter) and MCV31 (3.3-liter) designating the six-cylinder versions.
On August 27, 2001, for the 2002 model year, the Toyota Camry was released as a larger sedan (taking styling cues from the successful Vitz, Corolla and Solara) only, but without a station wagon for the first time. Due to station wagons losing popularity to minivans and crossover SUVs, the Camry wagon was replaced by the Sienna minivan (in North America only) and the Highlander SUV, both vehicles utilizing the Camry's platform.
Design and engineering
Development of the XV30 began in 1997 after launch of the XV20 under chief engineer Kosaku Yamada. By 1999, 26 months ahead of scheduled production, a new design by Hiroyuki Metsugi was chosen and later frozen in July 1999 for June 2001 production. The production development process (which began in April 1999) was reduced by 10 months, from the prior XV20's 36 months to 26 months. Design patents were filed at the Japan Patent office on January 25, 2000 and registered under patent No. 1142401.
The front end of the car was relatively short, leaving a great deal of the length to the cabin, a technique adopted by compact cars. In contrast to the fairly squat XV20 Camry, the XV30 generation was a decidedly tall vehicle. It was taller and had a longer wheelbase than the previous model. The coefficient of drag had been reduced to .
Two engines were available, an all-new 2.4-liter 2AZ-FE VVT-i I4 engine and a carry over 3.0-liter 1MZ-FE V6 engine. Both engines in the United States were ULEV certified. Any model could be equipped with a V6 or a 4-speed automatic transmission, although the manual transmission was not available on V6 models outside of Australia and New Zealand. The Camry's front suspension used MacPherson struts mounted to a front sub-frame while the rear suspension used a dual link setup also mounted to its own rear sub-frame.
For safety ABS, Vehicle Stability Control, front and rear head side curtain airbags, and front seat-mounted torso side airbags were optional. The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS) rated the Camry Good overall in their frontal offset crash test. In their side impact test a Good overall rating was given to models equipped with side airbags, while models without side airbags were given a Poor overall rating.
Camry Solara
Until the 2003 model year, the Camry Solara remained on the previous XV20 chassis, and received only minor styling upgrades to the front and rear ends. However, the Solara did receive the same 2.4-liter 2AZ-FE I4 engine that was available on the Camry sedan.
The second generation Camry Solara was introduced in 2003 as a 2004 model. Again, styling from the Camry was radically different, taking design cues from the Lexus SC 430.
Toyota Camry TS-01
A high-performance concept of the Toyota Camry, named the Toyota Camry TS-01 was shown at the 2005 Melbourne International Motor Show. This concept vehicle had significant performance and visual upgrades from the production Toyota Camry and hinted at the TRD Aurion.
Markets
XV30 Camrys were manufactured in at the Tsutsumi plant in Toyota City, Japan; Toyota Australia's facility in Altona, Victoria; Toyota Motor Manufacturing Kentucky manufacturing plant in Georgetown, Kentucky, United States; and at the Toyota Gateway Plant in Chachoengsao, Thailand. Other manufacturing facilities for their respective regional markets include locations in Malaysia, Indonesia, and Taiwan.
Japan
The XV30 Camry was launched in Japan in September 2001. Daihatsu continued with its twin Altis model for the Japanese market. The second generation Altis was introduced in the same month as the Camry, and was available with the 2AZ-FE 2.4-litre four-cylinder engine. Visually, the Altis is very similar to the Japanese market Camry with the 4-cylinder engine. The Verossa was also sold during this model timeframe, offering Japanese buyers a well-equipped sedan with similar dimensions to the Camry, with a rear-wheel drive powertrain setup, or an optional all-wheel drive that the Camry did not offer. The Verossa was not a strong seller, and replaced by the Mark X in 2004, continuing to offer a rear-wheel drive powertrain.
North America
US production started on July 23, 2001. In the United States, the basic CE model was dropped and the SE sport model was reintroduced. Both the LE and SE models were available with a manual transmission when equipped with the four-cylinder engine. Some of this generation Camry sold in the US are being produced at TMMK as well as at Tsutsumi Plant in Toyota, Aichi, Japan. A Camry manufactured in Japan is denoted with a VIN starting with "JTD", as well as a small hatch on the passenger's side of the front bumper containing equipment that is compatible with Japanese towing systems; US-made models are denoted with a VIN starting with "4T1". In addition to the LE and SE trims, the top-of-the-line XLE came standard with alloy wheels, JBL premium audio system, and leather, as well as optional side airbags and Vehicle Stability Control (VSC).
The Canadian version of this Camry is slightly different from the versions sold in the United States due to the additional Child Restraint System.
In 2002, for the 2003 model year, a few new features were added including the optional, power-adjustable pedals and pedal-type parking brake for the XLE trim. The 3.0-liter 1MZ-FE engine was now equipped with VVT-i, increasing horsepower from .
For 2004 models, the Standard and Limited Edition trims were included for the US market. In SE models a 3.3-liter 3MZ-FE V6 replaced the smaller 3.0-liter 1MZ-FE. The passenger airbag disable feature was also added for this model year to prevent or reduce injuries to infants.
For 2005 models, Toyota introduced its refreshed Camry with new upgrades such as a chrome grille, with the SE having a unique, blackout grille. Other exterior changes are new headlight and taillight designs, redesigned front bumper, and new wheels. Interior upgrades to the Camry included a rear center head restraint, a storage bin in the door, Optitron electroluminescent gauges, steering wheel-mounted audio controls standard for all trim levels, chrome interior door handles and shift gear button, and standard leather seating on V6-powered XLE trims. A 5-speed automatic transmission also replaced the previous 4-speed automatic and ABS became standard on all trims.
Engines
Mexico
Toyota launched in Mexico in 2002. Trim levels were LE and XLE. The LE models had the 2.4 L 2AZ-FE whilst LE and XLE models were available with the I4, 157 hp3.0 L 1MZ-FE V6. The previous-generation Camry was not available in Mexico; such vehicles there were often illegal imports from the United States. All vehicles had automatic transmissions.
Brazil
In Brazil, the Camry was launched there in 2002. However, this version did not offer a 4-cylinder version; all models had a 3.0-liter V6 initially, before upgrading to the 3.3 V6 as of 2006. XLE was the sole trim level.
China
In China, the XV30 Camry was imported from Japan and launched there in 2004. The 2.4 litre 2AZ-FE was the only engine available, paired to the 4 speed automatic gearbox. Pricing for the Camry was 336.800 yuan ($US53,270 - January 2022 exchange rate).
Australia and New Zealand
In Australia and New Zealand, the 2002 to 2006 Camry is available in five different trims: the Altise, Ateva, Sportivo, Grande (2004 onwards) and Azura. The Altise, Ateva and Sportivo are available with either the 2.4 L four-cylinder or the 3.0 L V6 engine, whilst the Grande and Azura were only available with the V6. Only the Altise and Sportivo models could be fitted with a manual transmission — all other models are equipped with a four-speed automatic transmission. In 2003, the V6-powered Altise Sport model was introduced, which is basically the Altise model with the sports suspension that was fitted on the Sportivo and Azura models and was available in manual and automatic transmission. The Australian and New Zealand Camry Sportivo corresponds roughly to the American Camry SE.
The Australian and New Zealand models were significantly different from the other Camry models around the world and had around 77% locally developed components to suit Australian and New Zealand roads and driving conditions. The brakes, body panels (which would only fit on the Australian made body and chassis), headlights, seats, radio antenna and suspension were all locally developed after 10,000 km of extensive testing in New Zealand under the supervision of Toyota engineers. Power output on the Altise Sport, V6 Sportivo and Azura models was compared with the of the standard V6 models due to a high-flow rear muffler.
When the revised range was launched in Australia and New Zealand in September 2004, the Grande model was reintroduced which, together with the Azura model, were the top-of-the-range models. The Grande however was fitted with the standard suspension rather than the sports suspension as fitted on the Azura model. The Grande and Azura models have Satellite Navigation (GPS) as standard equipment, and were the first Toyota models in Australia to be fitted with the new Toyota Link system. The Toyota Link system is a state-of-the-art satellite and mobile SMS GSM communications system that gives the driver access to roadside assistance and emergency help via the electrochromatic rear view mirror. In August 2005, the Altise Sport model was reintroduced (V6 auto only) together with Altise Limited (four-cylinder and V6) that has additional features. The Ateva model had an interior upgrade to leather trim and rear passenger air conditioning vents. The Altise was repositioned as a fleet model and the manual transmission was no longer available on V6 Sportivo models from January 2006 production. Automatic Camrys in Australia still used the dated four-speed because it retained the 3.0 V6 engine.
A number of milestones were achieved with this generation's Camry in Australia. The one millionth Camry (Black Azura) built in Australia and 10 millionth Camry worldwide rolled off the production line at Altona in September 2004. In May 2006, Toyota Australia exported the 500,000th Camry to New Zealand, in recognition of the relationship between Toyota Australia and Toyota New Zealand. More than 90% of Australian Camry exports are left-hand drive vehicles to Middle East countries including Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain, Oman, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates. The overseas demand for the Australian-made Camry is still running at record levels, despite the release of an all-new model in August 2006.
Middle East
In the Middle East, the fifth generation Camry is available in 4 variants: XLi, GLi, Touring and Grande V6. The XLi trim comes reasonably equipped and is a common choice for taxis and is the volume seller. The Camry weathers extreme heat well and is often preferred by fleet buyers looking for reliability. The GLi trim adds alloy wheels, wooden panel interior and foglamps. The Touring and Grande trims come with a 3.0 LT V6 engine. The current Australian-made Camry remains one of the top-selling passenger vehicles in the Middle Eastern region.
Additionally, in recent years, fifth generation Camrys have become very popular in the Middle East for "Tafheet" or Arab Drifting. The main objective is to drift the Camry sideways along the road (usually a long stretch of road or freeway), while sometimes even being in the flow of traffic. This is highly dangerous, as there have been instances
of the rear suspension components failing and a rear wheel being lost.
Taiwan and Southeast Asia
The Camry in Taiwan and Southeast Asia of this generation looked very similar to other versions, but the front end had a "thicker" grille and larger, all-white, differently shaped headlights. The reverse lights were moved onto the trunk above the added rear fog lights and were somewhat similar to the lights on a second generation Avalon's trunk. The older models from 2002 to 2003 had tail lights with a white streak across them, while models 2004 and later did not.
Indonesia
In Indonesia, the fifth generation Camry was launched in July 2002 in two trim levels: 2.4 G with either 5-speed manual or 4-speed manual transmission and 3.0 V with 4-speed automatic transmission. The facelifted version was released in June 2004.
Philippines
In the Philippines, the fifth generation Camry was initially introduced in 2002 with 2.0- and 2.4-liter engines, with 4-speed automatic and no manual transmission. Compared to the US version, this had a different front end design (grille and headlights), as well as inner taillight garnishes. The facelifted version, which came out in around November 2004 saw off the 2.0-liter and introduced the 3.0-liter V6 with 5-speed automatic along with new colors and wheel design.
Vietnam
In Vietnam, the fifth generation Camry was launched in August 2002 with two versions 2.4G and 3.0V. The 3.0V version has equipment such as wood and leather interior materials, automatic air conditioning, electrically adjustable rear seats, individual lights, cup holders and electric rear window blinds (automatically open when reverse gear). In addition, in the standard equipment list, there are remote control and anti-theft central door locks, ceiling storage boxes, rear glass antennas... Vehicle safety includes: System Brakes with large discs on all 4 wheels are supported by ABS anti-lock mechanism, EBD electronic brake force distribution function and BA emergency brake support. The wide field of vision at both front and rear also increases the effectiveness of the active safety system. The list of passive safety devices includes: 2 airbags, seat belts, front seats designed to prevent head and neck injuries, and pedals that automatically retract in the event of a collision. In addition, the GOA body style will absorb kinetic energy in an accident, limiting injury to the driver and passengers. The facelifted Camry was introduced in July 2004 and is powered by a 212 hp (3.0 V6) VVT-i engine. The headlights can automatically change the projection angle when entering uneven terrain.
References
XV30
Cars introduced in 2001
Motor vehicles manufactured in the United States
The Wihan Quartet () is a Czech string quartet currently in residence at the Trinity College of Music, London. The quartet was founded at the Prague Academy of Musical Arts in 1985 by Leoš Čepický (violin), Jan Schulmeister (violin), Jiří Žigmund (viola) and Aleš Kaspřík (cello). The group's teacher was Antonín Kohout of the Smetana Quartet and it took its name of Hanuš Wihan (1855–1920), cellist and spiritus rector of the Bohemian Quartet.
The quartet won the Prague Spring International Music Competition (1988), the chamber music competition at Trapani, Sicily (1990), and the London International String Quartet Competition (1991). Since then it has toured extensively, including appearances at major festivals in Europe and the Far East, several tours to the United States, Japan, Australia, and New Zealand. The group has drawn particular acclaim for their performances and recordings of the works of Dvořák and Janáček. They have also had success with the Beethoven quartets, all of which they have recorded.
Notes
External links
Official website
About Wihan Quartet - Bachtrack.com
Wihanovo kvarteto - Czech Television
Concert review at musicOMH.com
Czech string quartets
Crab Run is a tributary of Mahanoy Creek in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Barry Township. The watershed of the stream has an area of . Despite being listed as impaired by abandoned mine drainage, the stream is not impacted by this; no mining has been done in its watershed. However, some stream reaches in its watershed do experience agricultural impacts. The stream is not far from the Western Middle Anthracite Field. Its watershed is designated as a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery. As of 2001, the stream contains macroinvertebrates, but no fish.
Course
Crab Run begins in Barry Township, not far from the census-designated place of Beurys Lake. It flows west-northwest for several tenths of a mile and passes through a pond or small lake before turning north-northeast. After several tenths of a mile, the stream receives an unnamed tributary from the left and turns northeast. Several tenths of a mile further downstream, it receives an unnamed tributary from the right and turns north-northwest for a few tenths of a mile, flowing alongside the base of a mountain. The stream then turns north-northeast for a short distance, passing through a pond or small lake before reaching its confluence with Mahanoy Creek.
Crab Run joins Mahanoy Creek upstream of its mouth.
Hydrology
Some stream reaches in the watershed of Crab Run are not designated as impaired waterbodies. One stream reach is listed as impaired by metals from abandoned mine drainage, but no mining has been done in the watershed. Another stream reach is impaired by siltation/organic enrichment/low dissolved oxygen from agriculture/grazing.
In August 2001, the discharge of Crab Run was measured to be . The pH was 7.1 and the net alkalinity concentration was . The concentration of aluminum was and the manganese and iron concentrations were . The nitrate concentration was , the phosphorus concentration was , and the sulfate concentration was .
Geography and geology
The elevation of the mouth of Crab Run is above sea level. The elevation of the stream's source is above sea level. Crab Run is situated some distance to the south of the Western Middle Anthracite Field.
The streambed of Crab Run predominantly features cobbles, but fine silt covers it as well. The Munsell color of the stream's dried sediment is dark yellowish brown.
Watershed
The watershed of Crab Run has an area of . The stream is entirely within the United States Geological Survey quadrangle of Tremont. Its mouth is located within of the community of Taylorville.
History
Crab Run was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on August 2, 1979. Its identifier in the Geographic Names Information System is 1172575.
A concrete tee beam bridge over Crab Run was built in Taylorville in 1940. It is long and carries Black Creek Road.
Biology
The drainage basin of Crab Run is designated as a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery. In 2001, no fish were observed in Crab Run. However, macroinvertebrates were observed.
In 2001, a total of ten macroinvertebrate taxa were observed in Crab Run. Chironomidae was "very abundant", with more than 100 individuals being observed. Simuliidae and Hydropsychidae were "abundant", with 25 to 100 individuals being observed. Ephemerellidae, Crydalidae, Tipulidae, Cambaridae, and Oligochaeta were "present", with 3 to 9 individuals being observed. The taxa Nemouridae and Heptageniidae were "rare", with 1 to 2 individuals being observed. The family-level Hilsenhoff Biotic Index value of Crab Run in 2001 was 5.61.
See also
Zerbe Run, next tributary of Mahanoy Creek going downstream
Little Mahanoy Creek, next tributary of Mahanoy Creek going upstream
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
List of tributaries of Mahanoy Creek
References
Rivers of Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Mahanoy Creek
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Reginald Van Brown (born March 12, 1960) is a former American football running back in the National Football League who played for the Atlanta Falcons and Philadelphia Eagles. They played college football for the Oregon Ducks. They also played in the USFL for the Arizona Outlaws.
References
1960 births
Living people
American football running backs
Atlanta Falcons players
Philadelphia Eagles players
Arizona Outlaws players
Oregon Ducks football players
Ateliers et Chantiers de Penhoët was a shipyard established in 1861 by the Scottish engineer John Scott in Saint-Nazaire, France. It was owned by the Compagnie Générale Transatlantique from its founding to 1900. The shipyard was managed by Scott until 1867 when management was transferred to Compagnie des Chantiers et Ateliers de l'Ocean and its successors until the yard temporarily closed in 1871 before reopening a decade later. In 1955 it was combined with Ateliers et Chantiers de la Loire to form Chantiers de l'Atlantique. It also had a shipyard in Grand-Quevilly, near Rouen, during the 1920s.
Bibliography
1861 establishments in France
Saint-Nazaire
Shipyards of France
1955 disestablishments in France
Teet Kallas (born 6 April 1943, Tallinn) is an Estonian writer and former politician, most notable for voting for the Estonian restoration of Independence.
Life and work
Kallas attended middle school in Tallinn from 1954 to 1962. They left the school without a degree. From 1962 to 1965, they were a soldier in the Red Army in Palanga. They then began their literary and journalistic career.
In 1958, Kallas debuted as a writer in short prose in Estonian newspapers. After a few short prose texts and writing youth literature, their debut novel, Nii palju päikest, was released in 1964.
In 1965 and 1966, Kallas was a literary editor on Estonian television, before they were employed by the editorial office of Looming from 1968 to 1970. Subsequently, they wrote for Estonian newspapers. Among other things, they were an editor for Vaba Maa, Sõnumileht and Postimees.
In 1969, Kallas was arrested by the KGB, who accused them of anti-Soviet propaganda. They spent several months in prison. There they wrote their surrealist novel Heliseb-kõliseb..., released in 1972. In 1972 they joined the Estonian Writers Association. In the 1980s, they were a member of the board of writers association.
Kallas' novel Niguliste ("St. Nicholas' Church") was written between 1967 and 1972. It appeared only after the end of Soviet rule in Estonia in 1990 in a revised and expanded two-volume edition: "The novel is the typical description of a 'lost generation', their dreams and ideals loses and perishes itself, and as such was a post-1968 document. Its failure to appear in the early 1970s, however, was more attributable to the laziness of the author than censorship, for internal criticism was by no means devastating or insurmountable. Kallas just turned to other things, which is why the novel was left lying."
Kallas also wrote some radio dramas as well as screenplays for television films and series, such as the successful television series Õnne 13. In addition, they translated prose from Russian (Vasily Aksyonov, Alexander Grin) and from English (Stephen King).
From 1979 to 1990, Kallas belonged to the Communist Party of Estonia. During the period of transition between the end of the Soviet Union and the regaining of Estonian independence, they co-chaired the parliamentary group of the democratic opposition movement Popular Front of Estonia, voting for the Estonian restoration of Independence. Subsequently, Kallas was active in various political parties. Since 1998, they have been an independent.
Fictional works (selection)
Nii palju päikest (Novel, 1964)
Puiesteede kummaline valgus (Collection of short stories, 1968)
Verine padi (Collection of short stories, 1971)
Varjud vikerkaarel (Narratives for adolescents, 1972)
Heliseb-kõliseb... (Novel, 1972)
Neli vestlust armastused (Drama, 1972)
Viimane mõrv (Collection of short stories, 1975)
Õhtuvalgus (Collection of short stories, 1977)
Insener Paberiti juhtum (Collection of short stories, 1977)
Corrida (Novel, 1979; film adaptation in 1981)
Eiseni tänav (Novel, 1979)
Väikesed hobused särava vikerkaare all (Stories, 1980)
Hei, teie seal! (Collection of short stories, 1980)
Muljeid kirjandusmaastikult (smaller writings from the years 1963–1981, 1982)
Arvi kamin (Collection of short stories, 1982)
Janu (Novel, 1983)
Öö neljandas mikrorajoonis (Short stories and stories from the years 1979–1983, 1985)
Kes tõttab öisele rongile (Satirical novel, 1988)
Niguliste (Novel in two volumes, 1990)
Naine lõvi seljas (Lyrical anthology of the years 1961–1989, 1990)
Jää hüvasti, Mr. Shakespeare (Satirical novel, 1995)
Käsi (Gothic fictional novel, 1997)
Personal life
Kallas is married to Weimar-born journalist and translator Alla Kallas (born 1946). They were the older brother of Estonian graphic artist and cartoonist Olimar Kallas (1929-2006). They currently live in Laulasmaa, on the coast of the Baltic Sea.
Awards
5th Class of the Estonian Order of the National Coat of Arms (received 23 February 2002)
3rd Class of the Estonian Order of the National Coat of Arms (received 23 February 2006)
Further reading
Cornelius Hasselblatt: Geschichte der estnischen Literatur. Berlin, New York 2006, , S. 679, 707f., 726f. und 759
External links
Biography and Work (Estonian Literature Information Centre)
Works of Teet Kallas in the inventory of the National Library of Estonia
References
1943 births
Living people
Writers from Tallinn
Politicians from Tallinn
20th-century Estonian writers
Estonian screenwriters
Estonian male short story writers
21st-century Estonian writers
Voters of the Estonian restoration of Independence
Recipients of the Order of the National Coat of Arms, 3rd Class
Recipients of the Order of the National Coat of Arms, 5th Class
Aseel Al-Hamad is a Saudi Arabian interior designer, engineer, and motorsport enthusiast. They became the first female board member of the Saudi Arabian Motor Federation and is a member of the International Automobile Federation.
Biography
Aseel Al-Hamad is a Saudi Arabian interior designer engineer. In 2009 they graduated from Prince Sultan University with a degree in interior design engineering, and went on to found IDegree Design, an engineering and design firm. Al-Hamad is also a member of the Saudi Council of Engineers.
Al-Hamad is a noted motorsport advocate; they became the first Saudi Arabian woman to import and own a Ferrari, and is a member of the International Automobile Federation, which appointed them to represent Saudi Arabia at the Women in Motorsport Commission. In December 2017 they were appointed as a board member of the Saudi Arabian Motor Federation (SAMF) as the first women board member.
In the wake of Saudi Arabia's lifting of a ban on women driving on 24 June 2018, Al-Hamad performed a celebratory lap in a Lotus Renault E20 prior to the opening of the 2018 French Grand Prix. This celebration received considerable attention in the media.
Prior to the 2022 Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, Al-Hamad and W Series driver Abbi Pulling became the first women to drive a Formula 1 car in Saudi Arabia.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Interior designers
Saudi Arabian racing drivers
Saudi Arabian sportswomen
Olympic Club Muungano is a Congolese football club based in Bukavu, South Kivu province and currently playing in Linafoot Ligue 2.
Les Blanc et Bleu plays its home matches on Stade de la Concorde in Bukavu, with a capacity of 10,000 places.
Achievements
Sud-Kivu Provincial League: 2
2003, 2006
References
External links
Muungano club logo
Bukavu
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Sports clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Gharana Donga () is a 1980 Indian Telugu-language action film directed by Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao and produced by T. Trivikrama Rao for Vijaya Lakshmi Art Pictures starring Krishna, Sridevi, Rao Gopal Rao and Mohan Babu in the lead roles. K. Chakravarthy scored and composed the film's soundtrack.
The film was released on 29 March 1980; the censor certificate dated 27 March 1980. The film which marked the second collaboration of director Rao with Krishna after Bhale Krishnudu turned out to be a superhit at the box office.
Plot
Cast
The cast of the films is as follows.
Soundtrack
K. Chakravarthy scored and composed the film's soundtrack with the lyrics penned by Veturi Sundararama Murthy.
Dhimikita Dhimikita — S. P. B., P. Susheela
Vana Velisina — S. P. B., P. Susheela
Rotte Virigi — S. P. B., P. Susheela
O Muddu Krishna — S. P. B., P. Susheela
Chitikela Metikela — S. P. B., P. Susheela
Pampara Panasa — S. P. B., P. Susheela
References
External links
1980 films
1980 action films
Indian action films
Films directed by K. Raghavendra Rao
Films scored by K. Chakravarthy
The women's 57 kg competition in judo at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro was held on 8 August at the Carioca Arena 2.
The gold and silver medals were determined by a single-elimination tournament, with the winner of the final taking gold and the loser receiving silver. Judo events awarded two bronze medals. Quarterfinal losers competed in a repechage match for the right to face a semifinal loser for a bronze medal (that is, the judokas defeated in quarterfinals A and B competed against each other, with the winner of that match facing the semifinal loser from the other half of the bracket).
The medals for the competition were presented by Yumilka Ruiz, Cuba, member of the International Olympic Committee and the gifts were presented by Sergey Soloveychik, vice president of the International Judo Federation.
Results
Finals
Repechages
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Pool D
References
External links
W57
Judo at the Summer Olympics Women's Lightweight
Women's events at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympics W57
IBTS is a Baptist international research centre, located in Amsterdam, Netherlands, and is successor to the International Baptist Theological Seminary in Prague. It provides education programmes within the European Baptist Federation region.
History
The Seminary was founded in 1949 in Ruschlikon, Switzerland. It transferred to Prague, Czech Republic, in 1996. Over the summer of 2014 IBTS was established in Amsterdam.
IBTS forms part of a community of organisations known as the Baptist House in Amsterdam. The other members of the community are the Baptist Union of the Netherlands, the Dutch Baptist Seminary and the office of the European Baptist Federation.
The IBTS houses a collection of books in the areas of Baptist identity, mission and practice.
Programmes
Lecturing and supervision is in English and faculty are drawn from throughout Europe. The Centre offers a PHD programme for study and research in a collaborative partnership with the Faculty of Religion and Theology at the VU (Vrije Universiteit).
It is a founding member of the Consortium of European Baptist Theological schools.
Presidents/rectors/directors of seminary
1949—1950 George W. Sadler
1950—1960 Josef Nordenhaug
1960—1964 J. D. Hughey
1964—1970 John D. W. Watts
1972—1977 Penrose St. Amant
1978—1981 Isam E. Ballenger
1982—1983 Clyde E. Fant
1984—1987 Altus Newel
1988—1997 John David Hopper
1997—2013 Keith Grant Jones
2013—2014 Parush R Parushev (Acting Rector during the transition period)
2014—2018 Rev. Dr Stuart Blythe (First Rector of IBTS Centre. Blyth was the first head of the institution to be an IBTS graduate alumnus, obtaining their BD degree magna cum laude at Rüschlikon in 1989.)
2018–Present Rev. Dr. Mike Pears
See also
European Baptist Federation
References
External links
Official website
Consortium of European Baptist Theological schools
Ebf.org
IBTS History
Baptist seminaries and theological colleges
Protestantism in the Czech Republic
Educational institutions established in 1949
1949 establishments in Switzerland
1997 establishments in the Czech Republic
(February 21, 1173 – February 11, 1232) was a Japanese Buddhist monk active during the Kamakura period who also went by the name Kōben (), and contemporary of Jōkei and Hōnen.
Biography
Myōe was born in what is now the town of Aridagawa, Wakayama. Their mother was the fourth daughter of Yuasa Muneshige, a local strongman who claimed descent from Taira no Shigekuni, and from thence Emperor Takakura. Their childhood name was Yakushi-maru. Orphaned at the age of nine, they were educated at Jingo-ji north of Kyoto by a disciple of Mongaku and was ordained as a priest in 1188 at Tōdai-ji. They were trained in both the Kegon and Kusha schools and trained in Shingon at Ninna-ji. They later also studied Zen Buddhism under Eisai, all by the age of 20. In medieval Japan, it was not uncommon for monks to be ordained in multiple sectarian lineages, and Myōe alternately signed their treatises and correspondence as a monk of various schools through much of their career.
However, at the age of 21, they refused a request participation in a national debate on the various schools of Buddhism, and at the age of 23 they broke off all ties with secular society and sought solitude in the mountains of Arida District in Kii Province, leaving behind a waka poem expressing their disgust for the politics of the various schools of Buddhism. Around this time, they cut off their right ear with a razor as a symbol of their rejection with society. At around the age of 26, they moved to Yamashiro Province, but after short time they returned to Kii Province where they spent the next eight years, living a nomadic existence. Myōe sought twice to go to India, in 1203 and 1205, to study what they considered true Buddhism amidst the perceived decline of the Dharma, but in both occasions, the kami of the Kasuga-taisha urged them to remain in Japan through oracle.
In 1206, they served as abbot of Kōzan-ji (高山寺), a temple of the Kegon school located near Kyoto,where they sought to unify the teachings of the various schools of Buddhism around the Avatamsaka Sutra. Myōe is perhaps most famous for their contributions to the practice and popularization of the Mantra of Light, a mantra associated with Shingon Buddhism but widely used in other Buddhist sects. Myōe is also well known for keeping a journal of their dreams for over 40 years which continues to be studied by Buddhists and Buddhist scholars, and for their efforts to revive monastic discipline along with Jōkei.
Myōe also strove to find ways to make the teachings of esoteric Buddhism more understandable to lay people; on the other hand, during their lifetime they were a scathing critic of their contemporary, Hōnen, and the new Pure Land Buddhist movement. As a response to the increasing popularity of the exclusive nembutsu practice, Myōe wrote two treatises, the and the follow-up that sought to refute Honen's teachings as laid out in the Senchakushū. Myōe agreed with Hōnen's criticism of the establishment, but felt that sole practice of the nembutsu was too restrictive and disregarded important Buddhist themes in Mahayana Buddhism such as the Bodhicitta and the concept of upāya. Nevertheless, Myōe also lamented the necessity of writing such treatises: "By nature I am pained by that which is harmful. I feel this way about writing the Zaijarin." (trans. Professor Mark Unno)
In the later years of their life, Myōe wrote extensively on the meaning and application of the Mantra of Light. Myōe's interpretation of the Mantra of Light was somewhat unorthodox, in that they promoted the mantra as a means of being reborn in Sukhāvatī, the pure land of Amitābha, rather than a practice for attaining enlightenment in this life as taught by Kūkai and others. Myōe was a firm believer in the notion of Dharma Decline and sought to promote the Mantra of Light as a means of intercession.
Myōe was equally critical of the lax discipline and corruption of the Buddhist establishment, and removed themselves from the capital of Kyoto as much as possible. At one point, to demonstrate their resolve to follow the Buddhist path, Myōe knelt before an image of the Buddha at Kōzan-ji, and cut off their own ear. Supposedly, the blood stain can still be seen at the temple to this day. Records for the time show that the daily regimen of practices for the monks at Kōzan-ji, during Myoe's administration, included zazen meditation, recitation of the sutras and the Mantra of Light. These same records show that even details such as cleaning the bathroom regularly were routinely enforced. A wooden tablet titled still hangs in the northeast corner of the Sekisui'in Hall at Kōzan-ji detailing various regulations.
At the same time, Myōe was also pragmatic and often adopted practices from other Buddhist sects, notably Zen if it proved useful. Myōe firmly believed in the importance of upāya and sought to provide a diverse set of practices for both monastics and lay people. In addition, they developed new forms of mandalas that utilized only Japanese calligraphy and the Sanskrit Siddhaṃ script. Similar styles were utilized by Shinran and Nichiren. The particular style of mandala they devised, and the devotional rituals surrounding it, are recorded in their treatise, the Sanji Raishaku (Thrice-daily worship) written in 1215.
In 1231, they were invited by the Yuasa clan to open the temple of Semui-ji in their hometown in Kii Province. The day following the ceremony, on January 19, 1232, they died at the age of 58.
Monastic Regulations promulgated by Myōe
In the wooden tablet at Kōzan-ji, Myōe listed the following regulations to all monks, divided into three sections:
As Appropriate
06:00 - 08:00 PM, Liturgy: Yuishin kangyō shiki (唯心観行式, Manual on the Practice of Contemplating the Mind-Only)
08:00 - 10:00 PM, Practice once. Chant the Sambōrai (三宝礼, Revering the Three Treasures).
10:00 - 12:00 AM, Zazen (seated meditation). Count breaths.
12:00 - 06:00 AM, Rest for three [two-hour] periods.
06:00 - 08:00 AM, Walking meditation once. (Inclusion or exclusion should be appropriate to the occasion). Liturgy: Rishukyō raisan (理趣経礼賛, Ritual Repentance Based on the Sutra of the Ultimate Meaning of the Principle) and the like.
08:00 - 10:00 AM, Sambōrai. Chant scriptures for breakfast and intone the Kōmyō Shingon (Mantra of Light) forty-nine times.
10:00 - 12:00 PM, Zazen. Count breaths.
12:00 - 02:00 PM, Noon meal. Chant the Goji Shingon (五字真言, Mantra of the Five Syllables) five hundred times.
02:00 - 04:00 PM, Study or copy scriptures.
04:00 - 06:00 PM, Meet with the master (Myōe) and resolve essential matters.
Etiquette in the Temple Study Hall
Do not leave rosaries or gloves on top of scriptures.
Do not leave sōshi [bound] texts on top of round meditation cushions or on the half tatami-size cushions [placed under round cushions].
During the summer, do not use day-old water for mixing ink.
Do not place scriptures under the desk.
Do not lick the tips of brushes.
Do not reach for something by extending one's hand over scriptures.
Do not enter [the hall] wearing just the white undergarment robes.
Do not lie down
Do not count [pages] by moistening one's fingers with saliva. Place an extra sheet of paper under each sheet of your sōshi texts.
Etiquette in the Buddha-Altar Hall
Keep the clothes for wiping the altar separate from that for wiping the Buddha[-statue].
During the summer (from the first day of the fourth month to the last day of the seventh month), obtain fresh water [from the well] morning and evening for water offerings.
Keep the water offerings and incense burners for buddhas and bodhisattvas separate from those for patriarchs.*
When you are seated on the half-size cushions, do not bow with your chin up.
Do not place nose tissues and the like under the half-tatami size cushions.
Do not let your sleeves touch the offering-water bucket.
Do not put the [altar] rings on the wooden floor; they should be placed high.
Place a straw mat at your usual seat.
The regular sutra for recitation is one fascicle of the Avatamsaka Sutra (or half a fascicle). The three sutras should be read alternately every day.
When traveling, you should read them after returning.
The Gyōganbon ("Chapter on Practice and Vow"), Yuigyōkyō ("Sutra of the Buddha's Last Teachings"), and Rokkankyō ("Sutra in Six Fascicles") should all be read alternately one fascicle a day.
— The Kegon School Shamon Kōben [Myoe]
Myōe Kishū Cenotaphs
The is a collective designation for a group of memorial stones erected by Myōe's disciple Kikai shortly after Myōe's death. A total of seven cenotaphs were constructed, one at the place of their birth, and the other six at locations in Kii Province where they had trained. Originally made of stone, they were replaced by sandstone in 1345. Each is made of sandstone, from 1.5 to 1.7 meters high, with a capstone. Four are located in the town of Aridagawa, two in the town of Yuasa and one in the city of Arida. Six of the seven were designated a National Historic Site in 1931. The original of the seventh centotaph (located in Aridagawa) was lost and replaced in 1802, and was excluded from the designation.
See also
Schools of Buddhism
Japanese Buddhism
Shingon
Kegon
Keisei, their student
Notes
References
Further reading
Abe, Ryūichi (2002). Mantra, Hinin, and the Feminine: On the Salvational Strategies of Myōe and Eizon, Cahiers d'Extrême-Asie, Vol. 13, 101 - 125
Buswell, Robert E., Lopez, Donald S. Jr. (2014). The Princeton Dictionary of Buddhism, Princeton University Press, p. 558
Girard, Frédéric (1990). Un moine de la secte Kegon à Kamakura (1185-1333), Myôe (1173-1232) et le Journal de ses rêves, Paris: Ecole française d'Extrême-Orient.
Kawai, Hayao; Unno, Mark (1992). The Buddhist priest Myōe: a life of dreams. Venice, CA: Lapis.
Frédéric Girard, La doctrine du germe de la foi selon l'Ornementation fleurie, de Myōe (1173-1232). Un Fides quaerens intellectum dans le Japon du xiiie siècle, Paris, Collège de France, Institut des hautes études japonaises, collection Bibliothèque de l'Institut des hautes études japonaises, 2014, 137 p.
Morell, Robert E. (1982). Kamakura Accounts of Myōe Shonin as Popular Religious Hero, Japanese Journal of Religious Studies 9 (2-3), 171-191
Mross, Michaela (2016). Myōe's Nehan kōshiki: An Annotated Translation, Japanese Journal of Religious Studies Volume 43 (1), Online supplement 2, 1–20
Tanabe, George (1992). Myoe the Dreamkeeper: Fantasy and Knowledge in Early Kamakura Buddhism. Harvard University Asia Center.
Unno, Mark (2004). Shingon Refractions: Myōe and the Mantra of Light. Somerville MA, USA: Wisdom Publications,
Japanese Buddhist clergy
1173 births
1232 deaths
Kamakura period Buddhist clergy
Kegon Buddhists
Japanese diarists
Athletics at the 2014 Asian Games was held in Incheon, South Korea from 27 September to 3 October 2014. A total of 47 events were contested, 24 by men and 23 by women - matching the Olympic athletics programme. The 42 track and field events on the programme were hosted at the Incheon Asiad Main Stadium, while the road competitions took place around the city's marathon and racewalking course.
Schedule
Medalists
Men
Women
Medal table
Participating nations
A total of 654 athletes from 41 nations competed in athletics at the 2014 Asian Games:
References
Daily reports
Minshull, Phil (2014-09-27). Mohammed gets the 2014 Asian Games athletics off to a historic start. IAAF. Retrieved on 2014-10-03.
Minshull, Phil (2014-09-28). Ogunode sets area 100m record of 9.93 at the Asian Games. IAAF. Retrieved on 2014-10-03.
Minshull, Phil (2014-09-29). Barshim battles tiredness but still triumphs with Asian Games record in Inchon. IAAF. Retrieved on 2014-10-03.
Minshull, Phil (2014-09-30). Hadadi's discus hat-trick makes Iran happy at the Asian Games. IAAF. Retrieved on 2014-10-03.
Mulkeen, Jon (2014-10-01). Records and rules broken in 800m finals at Asian Games. IAAF. Retrieved on 2014-10-03.
Mulkeen, Jon (2014-10-02). Two Asian records broken on fantastic day for China at the Asian Games. IAAF. Retrieved on 2014-10-03.
Mulkeen, Jon (2014-10-03). Marathon debutant Mahbood wins Asian Games title. IAAF. Retrieved on 2014-10-03.
External links
Official website
Athletics
2014
Asian Games
2014 Asian Games
The Mercedes-Benz W02 was a midsize six-cylinder two-litre-engined automobile introduced by Daimler-Benz at the Berlin Motor Show in October 1926. It was developed in some haste under the manufacturer's Technical Director, Ferdinand Porsche in parallel with the smaller Mercedes-Benz W 01 (which never progressed beyond the prototype stage) and the larger three-litre-engined Mercedes-Benz W03 following the creation of Daimler-Benz, formally in July 1926, from the fusion of the Daimler and Benz & Cie auto-businesses.
The new company's models for 1926 were unencumbered by an excess of technical sophistication, but came from a company with a long-standing reputation for quality: serious teething problems afflicting the early cars were the focus of conflict between Daimler-Benz Chairman, Wilhelm Kissel and the Technical Director responsible for the new models: Porsche's employment contract was not renewed beyond 1928, which led to an acrimonious litigation.
Naming conventions
The manufacturer applied the widely followed German naming conventions of the time. On the Mercedes-Benz 8/38 PS the "8" defined the car's tax horsepower, used by the authorities to determine the level of annual car tax to be imposed on car owners. The "38" defined the manufacturer's claims regarding car's actual power output as defined in Horsepower#Metric horsepower (PS, cv, hk, pk, ks, ch). In Germany tax horsepower, which had been defined by statute since 1906, was based on the dimensions of the cylinders in the engine.
Unlike the systems used elsewhere in Europe, the German tax horsepower calculation took account both of the cylinder bore and of the cylinder stroke, and there was therefore a direct linear relationship between engine size and tax horsepower.
The model was effectively relaunched in 1929, and although there were not many changes on paper, the car was now more modern and cultivated, thanks to the attentions of Hans Nibel, who from January 1929, newly appointed as Technical Director, held sole responsibility for model development. The relaunch was accompanied by a new name, and the car was now sold as the Mercedes-Benz Typ Stuttgart 200.
In retrospect the car is sometimes referred to by its company works number, as the Mercedes-Benz W02, which minimises the risk of confusion with other Mercedes-Benz models with names similar to "Mercedes-Benz Typ 200".
Mercedes-Benz Typ 8/38 PS (1926–1928)
The car was offered in bare chassis form for customers wishing to purchase a car body from an independent coach builder. Standard bodies from the manufacturer started with a Torpedo-bodied "Tourenwagen" and included 2 or 4-door "Limousine" (sedan/saloon) bodies. There was also a choice from (initially) two different Mercedes-Benz cabriolet bodies.
The side-valve six-cylinder 1,988 cc engine delivered a maximum output of at 3,400 rpm, which translated into a top speed of 75 km/h (47 mph). Power was transmitted via a three-speed manual transmission to the rear wheels, which were fixed to a rigid axle suspended from semi-elliptic leaf springs. The braking applied to all four wheels, mechanically controlled using rod linkages.
From 1927 a small delivery van version branded as the Mercedes-Benz Lieferwagen Typ L 3/4 was offered, intended either as a load carrier or, with ten seats, as a small bus.
During its early years the manufacturer pursued an inappropriate pricing strategy. Initially the prices were set much too high, and when they were reduced by between 500 and 1,000 Marks, which fed a rumour that the model was about to be replaced and existing cars were being priced as "run-out" models. This was part of the backdrop to the boardroom conflicts that led to the departure of Technical Director Porsche at the end of 1928.
Mercedes-Benz 8/38 PS Typ Stuttgart 200 (1929–1933)
The relaunched car, now branded as the "Mercedes-Benz Typ Stuttgart 200" retained the 1,988 cc side-valve engine fitted the previous year. Claimed maximum output was also unchanged at of . However, this level of output was now achieved at a slightly reduced engine speed of only 3,200 rpm. The compression ratio was substantially raised from 5 : 1 to 6.2 : 1, and the carburetor type (though apparently not its diameter) was changed from a "Zenith 30 HKG" to a "Solex 30 MOHLT".
The three-speed transmission was available as before, but customers could now also specify a four-speed manual transmission. The lower ratios were unchanged, and the same on both the gearboxes now offered, the fourth speed on the four-speed box being effectively an overdrive ratio of 1 : 0.76 while the more conventional "top" 1 : 1 ratio was achieved, as before, by selecting third gear. The combined impact of these engine and transmission changes enabled the manufacturer to increase the listed top speed to 80 km/h (50 mph) though at this time actual achievable top speed would have depended on a number of variables including the body type used.
The delivery van option was no longer listed for the Typ 200, and the two-door version of the "Limousine"-bodied car also disappeared with this upgrade, but the four-door "Limousine", now priced at only 80 Marks above the entry level Torpedo-bodied "Tourenwagen"-bodied car, remained as the mainstay of the range.
1929 also saw the introduction of the Mercedes-Benz W11, which in effect was virtually the same car, but offered with a larger engine and a wider range of body options.
Between 1927 and 1931 the "8/38 PS / Typ Stuttgart 200" and the more powerful but broadly similar "Typ Stuttgart 260" were the mainstays of the Mercedes-Benz range. The period was a particularly difficult one for the German auto industry, with passenger car sales badly depressed. The 4,788 cars produced in 1927 represented 61% of the manufacturer's output. Corresponding figures for the next five years (excluding van and military versions) are:
1928: 3,938 cars / 63%,
1929: 5,640 cars / 56%,
1930: 4,453 cars / 69%,
1931: 2,320 cars / 70%,
1932: 885 cars / 15%
(1932 saw the launch of the all-new and smaller W15 model. )
Production of the 1,988 cc Mercedes-Benz 8/38 PS / W02 ended with a trickle in 1933, by which time 16,956 had been produced. (If the volumes are combined with those for the more powerful W11 the total comfortably exceeds 20,000.) The replacement W21 model was introduced in 1933, by which year the auto industry faced a much less bleak immediate-term outlook.
Not included with these passenger car statistics are "Kübelwagen" (quasi-Jeep) versions of the model, which continued to be produced until 1936.
Sources and further reading
Werner Oswald: Mercedes-Benz Personenwagen 1886–1986. 4. Auflage. Motorbuch Verlag Stuttgart (1987). , S. 46–47
Halwart Schrader: Deutsche Autos 1885–1920. Motorbuch Verlag Stuttgart (2002). , S. 67
This entry incorporates information from the equivalent German Wikipedia entry.
External links
W02
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Sedans
Cars introduced in 1926
1930s cars
Ousmane Conté (died March 25, 2020) was the eldest son of the late Lansana Conté, President of Guinea (1984–2008). They were arrested by the Guinean military two months after their father's death as a result of the coup d'état on charges of alleged drug trafficking. In June 2010, they were named by the United States as a "drugs kingpin" and admitted on live television their trafficking involvement but said they were not a "ringleader". On July 16, 2010, they were released on bail after 16 months of imprisonment.
References
2020 deaths
Year of birth missing
Children of national leaders
Guinean Muslims
Coppa Italia (English: "Italy Cup") is the men's association football tournament.
Coppa Italia may also refer to:
Association football
Italian Women's Cup, women's tournament
Coppa Italia Serie C, reserved for Serie C teams
Coppa Italia Serie D, reserved for Serie D teams
Coppa Italia Dilettanti, reserved for Eccellenza and Promozione teams
Other sports
Italian Basketball Cup
Coppa Italia (ice hockey)
Italian Road Cycling Cup
Coppa Italia (rugby union)
Coppa Italia (men's water polo)
Sports terminology
James Stannus (2 October 1788 – 28 January 1876) was an Irish Anglican priest in the first half of the 19th-century.
Stannus was the son of Thomas Stannus Member of Parliament (MP) for Portarlington from 1798 to 1800. They were born in Portarlington and educated at Trinity College, Dublin After a curacy in Ballinderry they were Rector of Lisburn then Dean of Ross, Ireland from 1829 until their death.
Arms
References
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Deans of Ross, Ireland
1876 deaths
1788 births
People from Portarlington, County Laois
The Kingdom of Paramithi is an Australian children's television series first screened on the Nine Network and Nick Jr. on 11 November 2008. The series is created by The Wiggles and Nickelodeon, with 30 half-hour episodes for pre-school children.
The Kingdom of Paramithi is a fairy tale series with stories, songs and dance. Paramithi is a Greek word for fairytale. The series has been created by Anthony Field and Paul Field, written by Paul Field and Paul Paddick and developed with the experience of The Wiggles production team.
The program is also broadcast on the ATV World channel of Hong Kong.
Characters
King John (Simon Pryce)
Queen Isabella (Carolyn Ferrie)
James (John Rowe)
Genevieve (Kendall Goddard)
Anastasia (Cassie Howarth)
Johnny (John Martin)
Mario (Paul Paddick)
Bobby (Brad Carroll)
Bernadette (Fiona Sullivan)
Sarah (Jennifer Andrade)
Carlos (Fernando Jorge Moguel)
Episodes
Home Media Releases
The Kingdom of Paramithi is now on DVD in 2009 available on Roadshow Entertainment with this DVDS All-Time Favourite Fairytales, Tales of Enchantment, Cinderella Pantomime
References
Australian children's television series
Nine Network original programming
Television shows set in Adelaide
2008 Australian television series debuts
Musical television series
English-language television shows
The Benin–Nigeria border is 809 km (503 m) in length and runs from the tripoint with Niger in the north down to the Bight of Benin in the south.
Description
The border starts in the north at the tripoint with Niger in the Niger River and then proceeds in a roughly south-to-southwesterly direction overland, before reaching the Okpara River just east of Waria. The border then proceeds to the south, utilising the Okpara for circa 100 miles, various small streams, and several overland sections, before terminating at the Bight of Benin.
History
During the second half of the 19th century France began creating small trading settlements on the West African coast. In 1851 a treaty of friendship was signed between France and the Kingdom of Dahomey in what is now southern Benin, followed by the creation of a protectorate in Porto Novo in 1863. The colony of Dahomey (the former name of Benin) was declared in 1894 and was later included within the much larger federal colony of French West Africa (Afrique occidentale française, abbreviated AOF) in 1899. Meanwhile, Britain had (via the Royal Niger Company) administered the area around Lagos since 1861 and the Oil River Protectorate (Calabar are the surrounding area) since 1884. As Britain expanded into the interior, two colonies were created - the Southern Nigeria Protectorate and the Northern Nigeria Protectorate. In 1900 the administration of these areas was transferred to the British government, with the Northern and Southern (including Lagos and Calabar) protectorates united as the colony of Nigeria in 1914.
A rough delimitation between the two territories as far north as the 9th parallel had been negotiated on 10 August 1889; this was further clarified in more detail via an agreement of 12 October 1896. An Anglo-French treaty of 14 June 1898 confirmed this border, and extended it northwards up to the river Niger. This border was confirmed by a treaty of 19 October 1906, with some minor changes made in 1912 following on-the-ground demarcation which were later finalised officially via an exchange of notes in 1914. The section between the Atlantic and the Okpara river was marked on the ground by 142 concrete beacons, the boundary being formed by a straight line between them.
As the movement for decolonisation grew in the post-Second World War era, Britain and France gradually granted more political rights and representation for their African colonies. Dahomey declared full independence on 1 August 1960, followed by Nigeria on 1 October 1960, and their mutual frontier became an international one between two states.
By 2004-05 many of the boundary markers from the original demarcation were missing, prompting Benin and Nigeria to re-demarcate some sections of the border.
Settlements near the border
Benin
Mandécali
Segbana
Néganzi
Basso
Waria
Adékambi
Pobè
Porto-Novo
Nigeria
Bani
Samia
Swate
Babana
Yashikera
Suya
Orieke
See also
Benin-Nigeria relations
References
Borders of Benin
Borders of Nigeria
International borders
Nadeem Afzal Chan (Punjabi, ; born 1 April 1975) also known as Nadeem Afzal Gondal is a Pakistani politician who served as spokesperson of the Prime Minister of Pakistan, in office from 15 January 2019 to 15 January 2021 They were a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013. Nadeem Afzal Chan is the son of former MPA Haji Muhammad Afzal Chan the founder of Mandi Bahauddin.
Early life
They were born on 1 April 1975. They belong to a well-known Gondal family of Mandi Bahauddin.
Political career
They began their political career as a tehsil nazim from Malakwal in 2001.
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-64 (Sargodha-I) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in Pakistani general election, 2008. They received 65,628 and defeated Muhammad Farooq Baha-ul-Haq Shah, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N). In the same election, they ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from Constituency PP-119 (Mandi Bahuddin-IV) as an independent candidate, but was unsuccessful. They received 316 votes and lost the seat to Waseem Afzal Gondal, a candidate of PPP. They served as the chairperson of the National Assembly's Public Accounts Committee from April 2012 to March 2013.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-64 (Sargodha-I) as a candidate of PPP in Pakistani general election, 2013 but was unsuccessful. They received 67,212 votes and lost the seat to Muhammad Amin Ul Hasnat Shah.
In October 2017, they resigned from the post of Secretary General of PPP Punjab.
In April 2018, they quit PPP and joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI).
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-88 (Sargodha-I) as a candidate of PTI in Pakistani general election, 2018 but was unsuccessful.
On 15 January 2019, Prime Minister Imran Khan appointed Chan as their spokesperson, in honorary capacity. The same day, they were also appointed as Special Assistant to the Prime Minister Imran Khan on Parliamentary Coordination, in an honorary capacity. On August 23, 2019, media sources claimed that they resigned from their position, but the Pakistani government denied the rumours.
In January 2021 they resigned as spokesperson to Prime Minister Imran Khan and Special Assistant to Prime Minister. Their resignation was accepted by Imran Khan on 15 January 2021. In March 2022, Chan rejoined Pakistan Peoples Party after meeting with the party's chairperson Bilawal Bhutto Zardari and said joining PTI was a wrong decision.
References
Living people
Punjabi people
1975 births
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistan People's Party MNAs
Gondal family
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf politicians
Pakistani emigrants to Canada
Aleksandr Lashayevich Verulidze (; born 25 September 1996) is a Russian football player. They play in Georgia for Samgurali Tskhaltubo.
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Russian Cup game for FC SKA-Khabarovsk on 24 August 2016 in a game against FC Sakhalin Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk.
They made their Russian Football National League debut for FC Fakel Voronezh on 30 July 2017 in a game against FC Sibir Novosibirsk.
On 14 June 2019 they were signed by FC Rotor Volgograd. On 8 July they left Rotor.
Personal life
Their father Lasha Verulidze has been a football referee at Russian second-tier since 2003.
References
External links
Profile by Russian Football National League
1996 births
Russian people of Georgian descent
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC SKA-Khabarovsk players
FC Fakel Voronezh players
FC Rotor Volgograd players
FC Guria Lanchkhuti players
FC Samgurali Tskaltubo players
Russian First League players
Russian Second League players
Erovnuli Liga players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Georgia (country)
FC Mashuk-KMV Pyatigorsk players
Siedliszcze-Osada is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 335.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Maria Chwalibóg (born 4 February 1933) is a Polish actor. They appeared in more than thirty films since 1956.
Selected filmography
References
External links
1933 births
Living people
Actresses from Warsaw
Polish film actores
Dinoponera hispida (hispida, from the Latin hispidus: bristle, referring to the conspicuous bristle-like setae covering the body) is a queenless species of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae. The species is known only from the type locality in Tucuruí, Pará, Brazil.
Description
Workers can be distinguished from other species by the following combination of character states: conspicuous bristle-like setae covering the entire body but most pronounced on the dorsum of the head, mesosoma, petiole and gaster; fine striations on dorsum of the head; integument smooth and shiny with bluish luster most visible on sides of the head; antero–inferior corner of pronotum without tooth-like process; petiole bulging at antero-dorsal corner; insertions of setae on dorsum of petiole raised, papillate.
Males are unknown.
References
Ponerinae
Insects described in 2013
Hymenoptera of South America
Heinz Erbstößer (born 14 March 1940) is a German sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics. Erbstößer became East German 100 metres champion in 1964, 1965 and 1968, and 200 metres champion in 1962, 1963, 1964, 1965 and 1966. They represented the club SC Leipzig.
References
External links
1940 births
Living people
People from Torgau
People from the Province of Saxony
German male sprinters
Sportspeople from Saxony
Olympic athletes of the United Team of Germany
Olympic athletes of East Germany
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
SC Leipzig athletes
Mirage Rock is the fourth studio album by Band of Horses and was released on September 18, 2012 on Columbia Records. Produced by Glyn Johns, the album was preceded by the single, "Knock Knock".
While the album was initially met with generally favorable reviews, the band and fans alike have since become quite critical of it, with Bridwell admitting Mirage Rock to be stilted and insincere. Songs from the album have been rarely performed since the album's promotional tour.
Pre-release
In April 2012, lead singer, Ben Bridwell, revealed that Band of Horses' fourth studio album was scheduled for release in late 2012, with production by Glyn Johns. In June 2012, via Facebook and YouTube, the band shared a video preview of a new song, "Dumpster World," and confirmed a September 2012 release for the album.
On July 10, 2012, the fourth album's title was confirmed as Mirage Rock, and the track listing and artwork were also unveiled. Bridwell has stated that there is no such place as Mirage Rock and explained that the name "is a total piss take." Prior to the official launch of Mirage Rock on September 18, "Knock Knock" and "Slow Cruel Hands of Time" were released as previews of the album. On September 10, 2012, the entire album was streamed on both the Band of Horses SoundCloud page and the official website.
Just prior to the album's release, the track "Mirage Rock" was made available on the internet. Although this is billed as the "title track" it does not appear on the regular version of the album, but is one of five tracks on the deluxe edition of Mirage Rock. These five tracks were recorded at the Sonic Ranch studios in Texas.
Recording
Bridwell explained that Johns recorded Mirage Rock with both "analogue and live" technology, with the album having "a looser vibe than our previous records." They described the album as "haphazard...loose and raw at times...letting our hair down," with "more humour" and a "celebratory vibe."
Reception
Mirage Rock has received generally favourable reviews. It currently has an aggregate score of 68 out of 100 from 29 professional reviews on the Metacritic website.
The album was ranked number 50 on American Songwriters and number 19 on Rolling Stones lists of the top 50 albums of 2012. Rolling Stone said, "They conjure the embroidered-blue-jean countryrock of The Eagles (whose first LPs were helmed by Johns) and spike it with punk noise and a 21st-century bloodshot optimism."
The album debuted at number 13 on the Billboard 200, number 4 on the Alternative Albums chart and number 7 on the Rock Albums chart, selling around 24,000 copies in the first week. It has sold 75,000 copies in the United States as of May 2016.
The single "Knock Knock" was a minor hit in Belgium, reaching number 73 in the singles chart. The follow-up single "Slow Cruel Hands of Time" peaked at number 68.
Track listing
Sonic Ranch Sessions
The deluxe version of the album includes an EP, titled Sonic Ranch Sessions. It was recorded in El Paso, Texas at Sonic Ranch Studio and produced by the band.
Album credits
Band of Horses
Benjamin Bridwell
Creighton Barrett
Ryan Monroe
Bill Reynolds
Tyler Ramsey
Additional musicians
Eric Gorfain - string arrangements and violin (11)
Daphne Chen - violin (11)
Lauren Chipman - viola (11)
Richard Dodd - cello (11)
Recording personnel
Glyn Johns - producer, engineer, mixing
Morgan Stratton - assistant engineer
Bob Ludwig - mastering
Artwork
Christopher Wilson - photography
Dave Bett - design
Sonic Ranch Sessions
Band of Horses - producer
Jason Kingsland - engineer, mixing
Manuel Calderon - assistant engineer
Bill Reynolds - mixing
Adam Ayan - mastering
Charts
References
External links
Band of Horses official website
2012 albums
Band of Horses albums
Albums produced by Glyn Johns
Columbia Records albums
Shang Yunxiang (尚云祥), a.k.a. Shang Jiting (尚霁亭), was a renowned master of Xingyiquan in the late Qing Dynasty (1644–1911) and early Minguo (Republic of China, 1911–1949). They were born in Leling City of Shandong Province, in 1864. They died at the age of 73 in 1937.
Shang was an inspector with the military of five cities and became the head of house security for the Qing Court Eunuch and Area Military Commander-in-Chief Li. They were known for their small limbs and big belly. Their belly was said to have shown legendary strength—many boxers supposedly broke their wrists by punching them in the stomach.
Shang obtained their Xingyiquan skills from Li Cunyi (李存义, 1847–1927). In the beginning, Li Cunyi refused to accept Shang as a student due to their “not-ideal-physique for martial arts”. Shang was skinny and short, of a height of less than 1.6 meters. It was under to intercede of Zhou Mingtai (周明泰, a student of Liu Qilan) that Li Cunyi accepted Shang Yunxiang as their student. When they were older, Shang also learned Baguazhang from both Li Cunyi and Cheng Tinghua (程庭华, 1848–1900). Shang was well known for their skill with the Beng Quan (one of the five basic skills of Xing Yi Quan). Because they were skilled in combat, Guo Yunshen (郭云深, 1820–1901) visited them personally to instruct them on their Beng Quan methods (for which they had also been known).
Shang, like their shifu Li Cunyi, was famous with their combat ability, they earned nicknames like “Iron Arms”, “Iron Feet Buddha”, “Half Step Bengquan”, etc. for their real-life combat experiences and their ability to generate exceptionally strong explosive power. Shang's career had always been related to martial arts. They had worked as a biaotou (headman of a biaoju which is an establishment which provides services such as escorts, bodyguards, transport of goods (armed) for a fee), bodyguard, detective, martial and arts teacher.
The style Shang taught was promoted as 'Shang Style Xingyiquan' by their successors. The leading figures of Shang Style Xingyiquan were/are Li Wenbin (李文彬, 1918–1997, Shang's student), Shang Zhirong (尚芝容, 1923–2004, Shang's youngest daughter), Li Hong (李宏, born 1954), Zhang Shijie (张世杰, born 1946), etc. Shang's oldest living student was Han Boyan (韩伯言, 1907–1996), who at an old age became the first Internal Arts teacher of Taiji Quan master Chen Zhonghua. Shang style is still practiced by many people today, in China and abroad. It is thought to be the most popular Xing Yi style in the Beijing area in modern times.
Shang's lineage can be traced along the Xing Yi Quan lineage chart (originally from the Xing Yi page on Wikipedia):
References
Chinese martial artists
Martial arts school founders
1864 births
1937 deaths
Sportspeople from Shandong
DisraeliS (short for disabled Israelis), is a private initiative that was founded in 2002 by Ilan Brunner and their wife Esti in Tel Aviv. The project is made possible by volunteer workers.
History
Ilan Brunner, born 1934 in Prague, was among the Jewish children who left Germany for England in 1939 with the Kindertransport (Refugee Children Movement) and so survived the Holocaust. After the Second World War, they went to Israel and worked there for 40 years as a Press Officer and photographer for the Israeli Ministry of Defense.
During their service as an army spokesperson, Ilan Brunner welcomed many German visitors to Israel and thus came in contact with a new generation of Germans who were interested in Israel and the fate of Israeli soldiers. As a result of long-standing relationships, intense contacts and friendships were able to be established. It was also within this context that the idea was born to invite young Israelis who were wounded during their military service or by terrorist attacks to a recreational stay in Germany.
It all began in Israel in 1997. Horst-Klaus Hofmann, the founder of the German ecumenical community Offensive Junger Christen (OJC, also known as The Reichenberg Fellowship), met Ilan Brunner at a liturgical penitential service at the Holocaust memorial Yad Vashem. In collaboration with Hofmann and the Lutheran pastor Wolfgang Breithaupt from Weitenhagen/Germany and with the support of many donors, a vacational stay was made possible in the summer of 2002: Accompanied by Mr. and Mrs. Brunner, 18 young Israelis came to the church meeting center Haus der Stille (House of Silence) in Weitenhagen near Greifswald/Germany.
Goals
The project has three main focuses: establishing personal contacts, reducing prejudices and increasing understanding regarding the situation of Israel. It also aims to promote understanding and friendship between Israelis and Christians of various nations. Thus, young Israeli women and men between the ages of 18 and 28 who have been wounded by terrorist attacks during their military service have received the opportunity to visit organizations and individuals in Germany. Up until 2010, more than 1000 Israelis have come abroad for a holiday, receiving invitations from groups and individuals from the United States, England, Germany, Switzerland and other countries.
For the Holocaust survivor Ilan Brunner, these relationships are of special significance: "They serve to make the idea of reconciliation between our peoples a reality, without forgetting the past. These relationships build bridges – one by one."
Activities
The project was met with a strong response from Christians and churches in Germany. At the invitation of Pastor Wolfgang Breithaupt, the first group visited the Haus der Stille at Weitenhagen in 2002. A second group of 20 young Israelis came to the Offensive Junger Christen e.V. (OJC) in Reichelsheim in May 2003. In order to continue the ongoing dialogue, nine OJC members travelled to Israel in August 2004 to visit the Disraelis who had been in Reichelsheim in the spring of 2003. In May 2006, 18 young Israelis were hosted by the OJC for a 10-day visit. In March 2007, the OJC staff made another return visit to Israel. In the summer of 2007, together with Wolfgang and Elke Breithaupt from the Haus der Stille, members of the OJC invited Israeli "orphaned" couples who had lost a child. Another group of 18 young Israelis came to Reichelsheim in 2008. In July 2010, a fourth group of young Israelis were hosted by the OJC in Reichelsheim. On the occasion of one of the first group trips to Weitenhagen, the bishop of the Pomeranian Evangelical Church, Hans-Jürgen Abromeit, wrote a welcoming address.
In 2003, the Christian bridge-building and reconciliation organization Dienste in Israel invited Israeli terror victims to Hanover, who were hosted by German families. In the early summer of 2005, 14 Disraelis came to Kassel in Northern Hesse at the invitation of the organization Israel Heute – Christen an der Seite Israels e.V. The Christian association Ebenezer Hilfsfonds Deutschland e.V., whose goal is to promote reconciliation and to help Jews return to Israel, was also one of the project partners. At the invitation of the organization Christen an der Seite Israels, a group of Disraelis visited the Kassel region in May 2004. Churches such as the Protestant Church Werben/Lower Lausitz and Christian organizations such as the German YMCA have also participated in the Disraelis project.
In addition, some cities and municipalities have served as partners of Disraelis. In June 2007, 20 disabled soldiers visited the town Schönebeck in Saxony-Anhalt. They stayed with host families and at the YMCA. On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the Kristallnacht, Ilan Brunner held a lecture at the Georg-August-Zinn School in Reichelsheim.
In July 2009, a meeting between 20 young Disraelis and members of the Hans Rosenthal Lodge e.V. took place in Berlin. The project has also been supported by the German Armed Forces, the German Ministry of Defence and the German Embassy in Israel. Many individuals and families have hosted young Israelis since the beginning of the project.
On 18 September 2004, the Central German Broadcasting Company MDR aired a report on the Disraelis project in its television program "Credible" (author: Frieder Weigmann).
In the German Embassy in Israel, Ilan Brunner was awarded the Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany by Ambassador Andreas Michaelis on 6 May 2015 in recognition of their extraordinary contribution to reconciliation between Jews and Israelis and Germans.
References
Disability organizations based in Israel
EmergyCare's mission is to save lives an positive impact the health, well-being, and safety of the communities we serve. EmergyCare was founded in 1983 as a non-profit ambulance service for the city of Erie, Pennsylvania. Originally, the service had support from UPMC Hamot medical center and Saint Vincent Health Center, both in Erie. Today, it is an independent non profit organization. EmergyCare has gone from providing basic life support (BLS) services to the City of Erie in 1983 to providing advanced life support (ALS) care to a vast region of northwestern Pennsylvania today. EmergyCare is one of the largest non-profit ambulance services in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, covering more than 2,100 square miles and protecting approximately 300,000 lives. EmergyCare has been recognized for its excellence by the PA Emergency Health Service Council (PEHSC), the American Ambulance Association (AAA), PA Ambulance Association and American Heart Association. EmergyCare currently has divisions in Erie, Corry, Titusville, Warren and Kane.
Services provided
EmergyCare provides both emergency and non-emergency medical transportation services. They have a medical taxi service which provides ambulatory patients with transportation to and from doctors appointments. They also provide wheelchair transportation.
EmergyCare also provides non-emergency ambulance transportation. This service is used for patients who are non-ambulatory and are unable to tolerate a wheelchair, or who may need other types of monitoring, both basic and advanced. They also provide critical care transportation by ground with what is known at the Mobile Intensive Care Unit or MICU team. These crews are specially trained to provide advanced care to critical patients. These teams can consist of an Emergency Medical Technician (EMT) and Paramedic, and may also have a Pre-Hospital RN (PHRN).
EmergyCare provides emergency ambulance to all areas in their respective divisions. They also provide paramedic intercepts for residents in eastern Erie County, as well as areas in northern Crawford County.
EmergyCare Operations
The EmergyCare Operations Center is staffed around the clock, 365 days per year. The Operations Center receives information for emergency calls from the Erie County 911 Center for medical emergencies in the city of Erie, PA. The Operations Center also takes calls for and arranges other medically necessary transportation for the Northwest PA area. The Operations Center also tracks calls for outlying divisions in:
Kane
Titusville
Warren
Corry
References
External links
EmergyCare website
Companies based in Erie, Pennsylvania
Medical and health organizations based in Pennsylvania
Far Away, Down on a Georgia Farm is an album of American musician Norman Blake, released in 1999.
Track listing
"New Century Hornpipe" (Traditional) – 2:19
"Whiskey Deaf and Whiskey Blind" (Norman Blake) – 3:47
"Far Away, Down on a Georgia Farm" (Blake) – 4:41
"Goin' Back to the Blue Ridge Mountains" (Alton Delmore) – 4:22
"Savannah Rag" (Blake) – 5:57
"Pasquale Taraffo's First Night in Leadville" (Traditional) – 2:44
"The Winds of Time Won't Change" (Blake) – 4:42
"Rag Baby Jig" (Traditional) – 3:49
"Thelma Hatfield" (Blake) – 4:17
"Constitution March" (Traditional) – 3:15
"Faded Flowers in Old Love Letters" (Blake) – 5:08
"And the Cat Came Back the Very Next Day" (Traditional) – 3:09
"Just Another Faded Love Song" (Blake) – 4:35
"Give Me Back My Fifteen Cents" (Traditional) – 4:11
"Snowbird on the Ashbank" (Traditional) – 2:16
"The Wandering Drummer" (Traditional) – 2:56
"The Maple on the Hill" (Gussie Davis) – 4:58
"Headlight Reel" (Traditional) – 2:47
Personnel
Norman Blake – guitar, banjo, dobro, mandolin, vocals
References
1999 albums
Norman Blake (American musician) albums
Ralph Basso Jr. (May 1, 1911 – March 5, 1997), known as Ralph Bass, was an American rhythm-and-blues record producer and talent scout for several independent labels. They were a pioneer in bringing African American music into the American mainstream. During their career they worked in key roles for Black & White Records, Savoy Records, King Records, Federal Records, and Chess Records, recording many leading performers, including Etta James, Sam Cooke, James Brown, Earl Bostic, and groups such as the Platters and the Dominoes. Bass was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1991 as a nonperformer.
Personal life
Bass was born in the Bronx to an Italian Catholic father, Ralph Bass, né Basso, and a German-American Jewish mother, Lena, née Brettner, who raised all of their children within a kosher household in the religious faith of Judaism. As a young boy, Ralph displayed a gift for music and their mother enrolled them in lessons, for which they became an accomplished classical violinist. However, raised within a diverse enclave in the Bronx, Ralph was exposed to a number of cultural nuances which influenced their choice of musical genres from classical to Blues and Jazz. From an early age, Bass wanted to not simply perform, but assemble sounds that they enjoyed listening to. After their marriage to their first wife, Alice née Robbins, Bass found opportunities in Los Angeles and relocated. They moved their young family of four with him. During Ralph's venture into the record industry they began to travel to the Mississippi Delta and other southern states where they heard some of the best music was being played. It was there they discovered a source of unrecorded musicians and their niche as a record producer and talent scout. Here-to-fore Jim Crow laws kept African American performers marginalized, with many relegated to one-night stands performing only to all-black audiences in a network of theaters and nightclubs known as the Chitlin' Circuit. After their second marriage to Shirley Hall Bass on December 17, 1960 Bass decided to focus their career on bringing African American music and African American performers into the entertainment mainstream.
Career
Bass became an A&R man in the 1940s at Black & White Records, where they produced and recorded, among others, Lena Horne, Roosevelt Sykes, Jack McVea (Bass suggested they record "Open the Door, Richard", which became a hit) and T-Bone Walker (including Walker's landmark "Call It Stormy Monday"). From there they went on to help build two of the most successful independent record labels, Savoy Records, in New Jersey, and King Records, in Cincinnati, Ohio. During this period, Bass toured the South with various blues bands and noted the large size of the audiences, still predominantly black but with an increasing numbers of whites. They sensed that the audience was changing.
At Savoy from 1948 to 1951, they recorded Brownie McGhee and Johnny Otis. At Federal Records, a subsidiary of King run by Bass, they turned out a series of R&B hits, including the Dominoes' "Sixty Minute Man" and "Have Mercy Baby" and Hank Ballard's "Work With Me, Annie". King's founder, Syd Nathan, at first refused to sign James Brown to record "Please, Please, Please", because they thought poorly of the demo; Bass signed Brown to Federal and produced "Please, Please, Please", the first Federal single, which was a regional hit and eventually sold a million copies. Bass also produced the original version of the R&B standard "Kansas City", recorded by Little Willie Littlefield. Bass 'discovered' John Lee, who had two country blues singles released by Federal in 1952.
In 1959, the Chess brothers hired Bass away from King to serve as A&R director for Chess Records. They worked for Chess until 1976, producing recordings by blues, gospel, R&B, and rock-and-roll artists, including Clara Ward, the Soul Stirrers, Etta James, Howlin' Wolf, Muddy Waters, and Sonny Boy Williamson. They composed the music for Pigmeat Markham's hit novelty single "Here Comes the Judge". Later, for MCA Records, they produced recordings by John Lee Hooker.
Filmography
In the 2014 film Get On Up, a biography of James Brown produced by Bryan Grazer and Mick Jagger, Bass is portrayed by Josh Hopkins.
Audio/visual
References
Notes
Inline citations
External links
"Ralph Bass," Answers.com ()
"Ralph Bass' Junior Jazz", The Classic Jazz Guitar , Mike Kremer (webmaster)
"House Resolution 218: Ralph Bass Memorial," and "Summary of HR 218", Illinois House of Representatives, 90th General Assembly (1997–1998)
"Toller Cranston's 'The Ice Show'" Internet Broadway Database
"Inside Beyonce's Private World" (reference to Ralph Bass's granddaughter, Shauna Bass), OK!, December 5, 2008
1911 births
1997 deaths
People from the Bronx
Record producers from New York (state)
A&R people
King Records artists
20th-century American businesspeople
American people of German-Jewish descent
American people of Italian descent
Clan Broun, also known as Clan Brown, is a Scottish clan.
History
Origins of the Name
The more usual form of the surname Broun is Brown. It is an extremely common name and is usually a reference to colouring. The historian, Black, asserts that Browns of Celtic origin might have been named after their descent from native judges, who were known as brehons.
The Scottish Lowland name of Brown achieved prominence in the early twelfth century in East Lothian. Sir David Le Brun was a witness to the laying of the foundation of Holyrood Abbey in 1128. They had given lands to the abbey in return for prayers said for the health of their son.
The chiefly family, the Brouns of Colstoun enjoyed considerable royal favour, which may have been because of their claimed descent from the royal house of France. The chief's arms even bear the three gold lilies of France. The family married into other noble families such as that of the chiefs of Clan Hay.
During the Civil War, Sir John Brown of Fordell commanded the royalist army at the Battle of Inverkeithing in 1651. Patrick Broun of Colstoun was created a Baronet of Nova Scotia in 1686.
Clan profile
Clan Chief: Sir Wayne Broun of Colstoun, 14th Baronet of Colstoun, Chief of the Name and Arms of Broun
Chief's Arms: Gules, a chevron between three fleur-de-lis Or
Chief's Crest: A lion rampant, holding in the dexter paw a fleur-de-lis Or
Chief's Motto: Floreat majestas (let majesty flourish)
Tartans: Clan Broun of Coulston, Clan Brown of Castledean, Clan Brown Military Watch, Clan Brown Dress Watch
Clan Castles
Seats of the Clan Broun have included: Bruntsfield House and Carsluith Castle.
See also
Scottish clan
External links
Official Broun of Colstoun Website
Official Clan Brown Society
Colstoun House Website
Brown electricscotland web page
References
Broun
History of East Lothian
A Night at Karlstein () is a 1973 Czech historical musical film directed by Zdeněk Podskalský, based on an 1884 play by Jaroslav Vrchlický.
Plot
The young queen Elizabeth of Pomerania waits in vain for their husband Emperor Charles IV at the Prague Castle. They travel to Karlštejn castle to meet him. There they find out that women are banned from Karlštejn. They disguised themselves as a young man so they can sneak inside the castle.
Cast
Vlastimil Brodský as Charles IV
Jana Brejchová as Elisabeth of Pomerania
Karel Höger as Arnošt of Pardubice
Waldemar Matuška as Peter I of Cyprus
Miloš Kopecký as Stephen II, Duke of Bavaria
Jaroslav Marvan as Burgrave
Slávka Budínová as Mrs. Ofka
Daniela Kolářová as Alena
Jaromír Hanzlík as Pešek
External links
Noc na Karšltejně in Czech Film Heaven
Noc na Karlštejně in Czech-Slovak Film Database
Musical Theatre Karlín Website
Noc na Karlštejně in Facebook
1974 films
1970s musical films
1970s Czech-language films
Czechoslovak films
Films directed by Zdeněk Podskalský
Czech films
1970s Czech films
The California Botanic Garden (formerly the Rancho Santa Ana Botanic Garden) is a botanical garden in Claremont, California, in the United States, just south of the San Gabriel foothills. The garden, at , is the largest botanic garden in the state dedicated to California native plants. It contains some 70,000 native Californian plants, representing 2,000 native species, hybrids and cultivars. The seed bank has embryos for the thousands of rare plants.
The garden has an active research department, specializing in systematic botany and floristics. The herbarium of Pomona College, housed at the garden, was transferred from the college in 1996. It holds over 1,200,000 specimens. The journal Aliso is published by the organization semiannually. The garden offers graduate degrees in botany through Claremont Graduate University.
The garden originated in 1927 when Susanna Bixby Bryant established a native garden on their rancho in Orange County. The garden relocated to Claremont in 1951. The facility, run by a non-profit organization, was open to the public with free admission for 58 years; in 2009 an admission fee was implemented. In 2019, the garden was renamed "California Botanic Garden" to better represent the contents of its collections.
See also
Bernard Field Station
John R. Rodman Arboretum in Claremont, California
List of California native plants
List of botanical gardens and arboretums in California
List of botanical gardens in the United States
References
Further reading
External links
Rancho Santa Ana Botanic Garden
Gallery
yorbalindahistory.org Developed by the Yorba Linda Public Library. Includes a collection of historic magazine and newspaper articles and pamphlets about the garden.
Botanical gardens in California
Botanical research institutes
Claremont, California
Parks in Los Angeles County, California
Research institutes in California
San Gabriel Valley
Botanists active in California
Science and technology in Greater Los Angeles
1927 establishments in California
Research institutes established in 1927
Environmental organizations based in Los Angeles
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Villa de la Concepción del Río Cuarto () is located in the village of Concepción in the city of Río Cuarto, in the province of Córdoba, Argentina.
History
On 20 April 1934, Pope Pius XI established the Diocese of Río Cuarto from the Diocese of Córdoba. Its name was changed to the Diocese of Villa de la Concepción del Río Cuarto on 12 July 1995.
Bishops
Ordinaries
Leopoldo Buteler (1934–1961)
Moisés Julio Blanchoud (1962–1984), appointed Archbishop of Salta
Adolfo Roque Esteban Arana (1984–1992)
Ramón Artemio Staffolani (1992–2006)
Eduardo Eliseo Martín (2006–2014), appointed Archbishop of Rosario
Adolfo Armando Uriona (2014-
Coadjutor bishop
Ramón Artemio Staffolani (1990-1992)
Auxiliary bishop
Moisés Julio Blanchoud (1960–1982), appointed Bishop here
Other priests of this diocese who became bishops
Carlos José Tissera, appointed Bishop of San Francisco in 2004
Victor Manuel Fernández, appointed titular Archbishop in 2013
Hugo Ricardo Araya, appointed Bishop of Cruz del Eje in 2017
References
Roman Catholic dioceses in Argentina
Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Córdoba
Christian organizations established in 1934
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
The African hill babbler (Sylvia abyssinica) is a species of bird in the family Sylviidae.
Taxonomy
The African hill babbler was described by the German naturalist Eduard Rüppell in 1840 under the binomial name Drymophila abyssinica. The type locality is the Simen Mountains, northern Ethiopia.
There are currently six recognised subspecies:
S. a. monachus (Reichenow, 1892) – Mount Cameroon
S. a. claudei (Alexander, 1903) – Bioko Island (formerly Fernando Póo)
S. a. ansorgei (Rothschild, 1918) – west-central Angola, southeastern Democratic Republic of Congo and western Tanzania
S. a. stierlingi (Reichenow, 1898) – eastern and southwestern Tanzania, the Nyika Plateau in northeastern Zambia and northern Malawi and northwestern Mozambique
S. a. stictigula (Shelley, 1903) – northeastern Zambia, northern Malawi and northwest Mozambique
S. a. abyssinica (Rüppell, 1840) – central Ethiopia, eastern South Sudan, eastern Uganda, western and southern Kenya and northeastern Tanzania
The distinctive black-headed Rwenzori hill babbler (Sylvia atriceps) has been considered as a subspecies. Fry et al. (2000) state it has the same vocalizations and behaviour as other races, and do not give it the status of a separate species; however, Collar & Robson (2007) split them.
This species is now considered a member of the genus Sylvia.
Description
The African hill babbler is an arboreal robin-like forest bird with a thin bill, bright reddish brown back and a contrasting grey head and nape. The grey underparts are faintly marked with white streaks and the belly is paler than the breast. There is a yellowish tinge to the feathers on the flanks and the thighs. The brown eyes turn red, probably when the birds are breeding. The bill has a black upper mandible, a paler lower mandible and the legs are greyish blue. The African hill babbler weighs 14-25g and their length is 13–15 cm.
Voice
The song of the African hill babbler is a rich, melodious warble and resembles the songs of thrushes and orioles and is composed of separated whistled phrases with frequent pitch changes, and may have some scratch notes and lower pitched whistles too.
Distribution
The African hill babbler has a disjointed distribution in the highland regions of western and central Africa from southeastern Nigeria east to central Ethiopia and south to northwestern Mozambique.
Habitat
The natural habitats of the African hill babbler are montane forest and adjacent secondary forest, in dense undergrowth at forest edge and in clearings. Also found in gallery forest.
Behaviour
The African hill babbler lives in pairs which forage within 2m of the ground, gleaning insects from leaves and picking fruit. It will also feed in the canopy and will join mixed species foraging flocks. It usually keeps concealed among creepers and vines and is most often detected by voice.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Fry, C. H., S. Keith, and E. K. Urban. 1988. The Birds of Africa. Vol. 3. Academic Press, London.
External links
Recordings of African hill babbler at Xeno-canto
African hill babbler
African hill babbler
African hill babbler
African hill babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Amy Basken is an American campaigner for children born with congenital heart disease. They were a founding member of the Pediatric Congenital Heart Association and is currently its Director of Programs.
Background
Basken has a son with congenital heart disease and a background in policy and advocacy. Realising there was no national advocacy organisation for families living with congenital heart disease, they founded the Pediatric Congenital Heart Association in 2013 along with their friend David Kasnic. They have a masters of science degree from the University of Wisconsin - Madison.
Advocacy
In an article in U.S. News & World Report, Basken explained that part of the mission of Pediatric Congenital Heart Association is to empower families because "Families deserve to be empowered with essential information to support shared decision-making with their providers." The association developed the guided question tool with families to help them navigate the health care system when their child is diagnosed with congenital heart disease. Several children's hospitals in the USA, including Lurie Children's Hospital and Children's Hospital Colorado, now produce information for families that is based on the guided question tool and designed to address the Pediatric Congenital Heart Association's call for transparency.  They are also leading Pediatric Congenital Heart Association's efforts to build better web resources for families to interpret published surgery outcomes.
Basken was instrumental in advocating for, and helping to pass, the Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act that was passed by US Congress and became US law in 2018. The law authorizes $10 million in research, data collection, and awareness activities, at the Centers for Disease Control over the next five years, more than double previous funding.
References
Children's health
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
The chapters of the manga series Chibi Vampire were written and illustrated Yuna Kagesaki. The series premiered in Japan as Karin in Monthly Dragon Age in 2003 where it ran till its conclusion in 2008. The 58 individual chapters were collected and published in fourteen tankōbon by Kadokawa Shoten between October 2003 and April 2008. The chapters follow the growing romance between Karin, a mixed-up vampire who gives blood instead of taking it, and Kenta, a classmate who learns their secret and becomes their daytime help.
A series of light novels, which cover the same timeline as the manga, are being written by Tohru Kai with Kagesaki. Chibi Vampire: The Novel series is closely tied to the manga releases, with each volume designed to be read after the corresponding manga volume. For example, the first novel takes place between the events that occur in the first and second volumes of the manga series. Chibi Vampire also uses characters introduced in and refers to events that occur within the novel series. As of April 2008, nine volumes have been released in the light novel series in Japan. The manga was also adapted into a twenty-four episode anime series produced by J.C.Staff. The anime series aired in Japan on WOWOW from November 3, 2005 through May 11, 2006.
The series is licensed for English-language release in North America by Tokyopop, which renamed the series from Karin to Chibi Vampire To avoid confusion with another of its properties. It released the first volume in April 2006; the final volume was released in September 2009.
Volume list
References
Chibi Vampire
Anthony James Keck (c1740 – 1782) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1765 to 1780.
Keck was born in Stoughton, Leicestershire, and educated at Eton, St John's College, Cambridge, and Lincoln's Inn.
They were Member of Parliament (MP) for Leicester from 1765 to 1768, also for the rotten borough of Newton in Lancashire from 1768 to 1780. They lived at Stoughton Grange until they moved to Lancashire in 1768 and died aged 42 years, on 28 February 1782.  They are buried at St Mary and All Saints Church in Stoughton. along with numerous members of their family and descendants including their son, George Anthony Legh Keck (who was also MP for Leicestershire).
Family
Their grandfather was Sir Anthony Keck. Their father was also Anthony Keck of Lincoln's Inn and their mother was Anne Busby of Beaumont, daughter of William Busby and Catherine Beaumont their wife. Their father was a sergeant-at-law, who worked with Thomas Vernon.
Anthony James Keck, married Elizabeth Legh (the second daughter of Peter Legh of Lyme Park and Martha Bennet of Salthrop House), and by them had six children as follows:
There are marble plaques in remembrance for all the Keck family in the church of St Mary and All Saints in Stoughton. Elizabeth Legh remarried after the death of Anthony James Keck to William Bathurst Pye-Bennet and inherited the Broad Hinton estate (from the new marriage) and Salthrop estate (from their mother Martha Legh (née Bennet)) as well as the estates belonging to Norborne Family of Bremhill, Wiltshire. The estates then passed to their surviving daughter Elizabeth Calley (née Keck).
References
1740 births
1782 deaths
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
People from Stoughton, Leicestershire
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1761–1768
British MPs 1768–1774
British MPs 1774–1780
"This Could Be the Night" is a song written by Paul Dean, Mike Reno, Bill Wray and Jonathan Cain, and recorded by the Canadian rock band Loverboy from their hit album, Lovin' Every Minute of It, released in 1985. The song contained much more of a style that represented 1980s power pop ballads than the rocking style for which the band had been known. Released as a single in 1986 with an accompanying black-and-white music video, it reached the top ten on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart.
Cash Box said that the "melodic, big-beat production features soaring guitars and string orchestration." Billboard called it a "stately power ballad."
Charts
References
1980s ballads
1985 songs
1986 singles
Black-and-white music videos
Loverboy songs
Rock ballads
Song recordings produced by Bruce Fairbairn
Songs written by Bill Wray (composer)
Songs written by Jonathan Cain
Songs written by Mike Reno
Songs written by Paul Dean (guitarist)
Killincarrig () is a village between Greystones and Delgany in North County Wicklow. It lies at the crossroads (now a mini-roundabout) of the R762 and the R761 roads. Like neighbouring Delgany it has been steadily built up over the past 40 years and now forms part of the continuous urban area of Greystones.
History
Killincarrig predates Greystones village. Some of its historical sites are the 16th-century ruins of an Elizabethan manor House called Killincarrig Castle, and an 18th-century Flour Mill. Killincarrig had one of Ireland's oldest Cherry Orchards which had 200 trees. The town also had a brewery at around 1815 owned by the Jones family.
An early mention of Killincarrig can be found in Samual Lewis “A Topographical Dictionary of Ireland (1837)”. They say:
“KILLINCARRIG, a village, in the parish of DELGANY, barony of RATHDOWN, county of WICKLOW, and province of LEINSTER, ½ a mile (E. N. E.) from Delgany, on the road from Bray to Wicklow; containing 23 houses and 168 inhabitants. Killincarrick House, the seat of A. Jones, Esq., is situated in grounds tastefully laid out and commanding very fine mountain and sea views: in the demesne are the ivy-clad remains of an ancient castle, in which several silver coins of William III. were discovered in 1833. Mr. Jones has an extensive flour-mill here.”
Killincarrig Castle
Killincarrig still holds the ruins of an Elizabethan manor house known today as Killincarrig Castle.
Killincarrig Castle was constructed in the early 16th Century. It was owned by one Henry Walsh, of the Anglo-Irish Walsh family who were influential in North Wicklow and South Dublin. Their primary homestead was a castle at Carrickmines. At the time Killincarrig Castle would have been a fine home. The 1657 Down Survey mentions that it was the “finest building in the half barony”.
The story has it that Oliver Cromwell stayed several nights at Killincarrig Castle and that during this stay their horse was stolen by locals. In response, they are said to have set out for Kindlestown Castle. The garrison had fled to Arklow so they sacked it before following them south to Arklow to continue the fight.
Today Killincarrig Castle it's surrounded on three corners by private houses, and the land on which it sits is privately owned.
The Old Mill
The Old Mill is now a dilapidated building visible behind the Aldi supermarket on Mill Road. Killincarrig's Mill tells the story of the economy of the time. Foster's Corn Law of 1784 brought about a big increase in the production of grain in Ireland. Ordnance Survey maps from 1840 show four corn mills around Greystones. The earliest mention of Killincarrig's mill was in 1837 Lewis Topographical Directory under the heading of 'Killincarrig'. Lewis notes that “Arthur Jones Esq” has “an extensive mill here”. Later it was known as Courtney's Mill. It became part of the Burnaby Estate and now belongs to Wicklow County Council.
The Hawkins Whitshed family
Killincarrig's landowner at one time was the Hawkins Whitshed family. They owned the first Killincarrick House, which was demolished at the end of the 19th century and is now the location of Greystones Golf Club. The Hawkins Whitshed family built a new Killincarrick House (Later became The Woodlands Hotel) closer to Greystones village, which was home to the trailblazing Mountaineer Elizabeth Hawkins-Whitshed. Note that there is a third Killincarrig House that was gifted to Hawkins-Whitshed's farm manager, Wilfred Evans, in the 1960s. It was already in disrepair and since then has lain vacant.
References
Towns and villages in County Wicklow
A day hospital is an outpatient facility where patients attend for assessment, treatment or rehabilitation during the day and then return home or spend the night at a different facility. Day hospitals are becoming a new trend in healthcare. The number of surgical procedures carried out on a same-day basis has markedly increased in EU countries and USA. New medical technologies as less invasive surgeries and better anesthetics have made this development possible. These innovations improve patient safety and health outcomes. Shortening the length of stay in hospital reduces the cost per intervention and increases the number of procedures performed. Less hospital beds are necessary, and they are often replaced by day hospital chairs that enable admission and preparation of the patient before surgery and recovery after surgery.
The patient groups most likely to receive this sort of hospital provision are elderly people, those with psychiatric problems, and those with physical rehabilitative needs. It is also used for some cancer treatments, as at New York's Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and London's UCH Macmillan Cancer Centre.
United Kingdom
In the United Kingdom, day hospitals originated in the late 1950s with a focus on rehabilitation for frail older people, enabling many to remain in their own homes. Comprehensive assessment and a range of specialised services have since been introduced. Day hospitals in the UK are normally run by an NHS trust and focus on therapeutic assessment and management, as distinct from "day care" facilities run by local authorities or voluntary agencies and offering social support. They may operate on a sessional basis rather than throughout the day, and may rotate between locations from day to day.
Benefits have been identified in reduced rates of mortality and morbidity and reduced inpatient admissions, although there is a lack of evidence for other benefits and cost-effectiveness.
United States
Day hospital services are well established in the United States. These services may be termed as "partial hospitalization" in some regions.
Sweden
Day hospital services for elderly people have existed in Sweden since the early 1950s and continue to expand, with 1,600 places in the country. Day hospitals are integrated with primary health care and social care.
Australia
In Australia, many older people receive care in day hospitals, but for patients with psychiatric conditions day hospitals have largely been superseded by community mental health teams.
References
Types of health care facilities
Hospital departments
Chi Chi is the stage name of Carole Varleta, lead singer of the Hippies, whose 1963 hit song was "Memory Lane". It was recorded on the Parkway Records label in New Jersey. The name "Chi Chi" was a nickname given Carole by their father, and used by their friends. When the Philadelphia DJ Jerry Blavat started calling them Chi Chi, the name stuck with the public.
At the age of 14 or 15, while living in an orphanage, they started The Impalas along with the following students of Roxborough High School in New Jersey: Howard Boggess aka Boogie (who wrote "Memory Lane"); Nancy Orth (piano player, who also lived in the orphanage); and Jack Felker. Later they added Cookie, who provided needed harmony. The Impalas won first place in the high school talent show singing "Memory Lane".
Bud Brees a local DJ (WPEN Radio 950 AM) heard them sing at the Germantown, New York and became their agent. The group became locally popular. Bud changed the name to the Tams, because other groups were using the name The Impalas. The Tams recorded "Memory Lane" on The Mink label, which was a collaboration between Bud and songwriter Russ Faith. Later, Chi Chi and Boggie moved to Heritage Records and recorded "If Love Were Like Rivers" with two other male singers. In 1962, an alternate version of "Memory Lane" was waxed by the group and released on Parkway by the Tams. In 1963, the group name was changed to the Hippies because another group was using the name The Tams. "Memory Lane" was again recorded by Parkway and reached No. 63 after 5 weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Then the payola scandal hit resulting in all records getting air play being taken off the air.
Jerry Blavat released an album which included "Memory Lane" (April, 1963). In June 1964, Red Bird released "I Know They Love Me" by Chi Chi. WAMS Radio DJ Ralph McKinney (1380 AM) later hosted the nationally syndicated show - Memory Lane - which used Chi Chi's "Memory Lane" as walk on and walk off music.
References
American women pop singers
The Dominican Republic Taekwondo Federation, is the governing body for the sport of taekwondo in the Dominican Republic.
History
On 13 September 1981 the Federation was founded in order to group all the local associations within the Dominican Republic.
Structure
The Dominican Republic Taekwondo Federation is affiliated to the Pan American Taekwondo Union (PATU) and World Taekwondo and is recognised by the Dominican Republic Olympic Committee (COLIMDO).
References
External links
Sports organizations established in 1981
Taekwondo
Taekwondo in the Dominican Republic
National members of World Taekwondo
National Taekwondo teams
János Tóth (16 July 1864 – 23 December 1929) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Interior Minister in 1918.
References
Magyar Életrajzi Lexikon
1864 births
1929 deaths
People from Túrkeve
Hungarian Interior Ministers
Sugarkhal is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9599 living in 1634 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
Njalla Quan Sports Academy, or NQSA, is a football club in Cameroon. The academy was founded by Mr. Henry Njalla Quan on 15 September 2000.
They currently play in the top-flight football league of Cameroon ( MTN Elite One ).
Stade Municipal de Limbé is their home stadium, with a capacity of 12,000.
External links
NQSA logo
Official Website: nqs-academy.com
Football clubs in Cameroon
Sports clubs in Cameroon
Jabrill Ahmad Peppers (born October 4, 1995) is an American football strong safety for the New England Patriots of the National Football League (NFL). They played college football at Michigan, and was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the first round of the 2017 NFL Draft. A standout athlete early in high school, they were named the Air Force National Sophomore of the Year in 2011. Sports Illustrated named Peppers one of their "Future Game Changers," a group of 14 young athletes who are considered to be the brightest talents of their respective sports. Peppers was named the Thompson-Randle El Freshman of the Year, Freshman All-American, and a Second-team All-American in 2015. Peppers was named the Big Ten Defensive Player of the Year, Linebacker of the Year, Return Specialist of the Year, and an All-American in 2016.
High school career
A native of East Orange, New Jersey, Peppers originally attended Don Bosco Preparatory High School in Ramsey, New Jersey. They started as a cornerback in their first-year student year, before also taking over as a running back as a sophomore. With Peppers, Don Bosco won consecutive New Jersey state championships in 2010 and 2011, and was the top-ranked team in the nation by USA Today in 2011.
Peppers left Don Bosco to attend Paramus Catholic High School in Paramus, New Jersey, where they helped lead the Paladins to another state championship over Bergen Catholic in 2012. Peppers was named Player of the Year by MSG Varsity after their junior season with Paramus Catholic. In their senior year, another successful season saw Peppers lead Paramus Catholic to another state title, defeating St. Peter's Prep., making Peppers a state championship winner in all four years of their high school career. Peppers was also selected to participate in the 2013–14 Under Armour All-America Game.
As a talented track athlete, Peppers set the New Jersey Non-Public Class A outdoor 100-meter dash record with a time of 10.77 seconds. They have a personal-best of 10.51 seconds in the 100 meters. In their senior year at Paramus Catholic, they won both the 100 and 200-meter dashes in New Jersey's 2013 Meet of Champions, becoming only the second person ever to do so, after Fabian Santiago of Oakcrest High School the year before.
Recruiting
The Rivals.com recruiting network identified Peppers as one of the five-star recruits in the Class of 2014, with ESPN ranking them as the #1 prospect in the 2014 class. On May 26, 2013, Peppers announced their verbal commitment to the Michigan Wolverines in a live telecast on ESPN. They were regarded as the head of Michigan's 2014 recruiting class. ESPN ranked them as the second-best recruit in the class of 2014, behind only running back Leonard Fournette.
College career
As a true first-year student at Michigan, Peppers appeared in three games, making one start under then-head coach Brady Hoke. In their first career start against Appalachian State, they recorded two tackles and returned one punt for six yards. However, they sustained an injury in the game and was redshirted for the remainder of their first-year student season.
In the 2015 season, Peppers had a new head coach in Jim Harbaugh. Following the 2015 season, Peppers was named the Big Ten Thompson-Randle El Freshman of the Year, and named to the All-Big Ten defensive first-team, by both the coaches and media, and the All-Big Ten special teams second-team by coaches. They were also named a Second-team All-American by CBS Sports and Sports Illustrated. They were also named to the Freshman All-America Team by Football Writers Association of America (FWAA). They were a finalist for the Paul Hornung Award. In 12 games, Peppers played a combined 986 snaps this season, with 50 coming on offense, 765 on defense, and 171 on special teams. On defense, they registered 45 total tackles, 5.5 tackles-for-loss, and 10 pass breakups. On special teams, they returned all 17 punts on the season for 194 yards, an average of 11.4 yards per return. Peppers have returned eight kickoffs for 223 yards, an average of 27.9 yards per return, on a unit that ranked second in the FBS with 28.41 yards per kick return. On offense, they added eight catches for 79 yards with 18 rushes for 72 yards and two touchdowns. Peppers have gained 568 all-purpose yards on the season, an average of 47.3 yards per game, ranking fifth on the team.
Following an outstanding performance on September 17, 2016, against Colorado, Peppers was named the Walter Camp FBS Player of the Week, Co-Big Ten Defensive Player of the Week, and Special Teams Player of the Week. They became the first conference player to be named both Defensive and Special Teams Player of the Week in the same week since the special teams honor was added in 1994. Peppers recorded a career-best nine tackles, including six solo stops and 3.5 tackles-for-loss. In addition, they recorded 204 yards of total offense, including their first career punt return for a touchdown.
Following the 2016 season, Peppers was named the Nagurski-Woodson Defensive Player of the Year, Butkus-Fitzgerald Linebacker of the Year, Rodgers-White Return Specialist of the Year, and a Unanimous All-American. They became the first player in Big Ten history to collect three individual honors since the conference expanded its individual award recognition program in 2011. Peppers was also named to the All-Big Ten defensive first-team, and All-Big Ten special teams first-team by both the coaches and media. Peppers helped lead a unit that finished first in eight Big Ten defensive categories. They contributed a career-best 72 tackles, 16 tackles-for-loss, four sacks, one interception, and one forced fumble. They also contributed in special teams, posting 21 punt returns for 310 yards (14.8 avg.) and one touchdown and had 10 kickoff returns for 260 yards (26.0 avg.). They also contributed on the offensive side of the ball, rushing 27 times for 167 yards and three touchdowns while catching two passes. They were also awarded the Paul Hornung Award, honoring the nation's most versatile college football player, and the Lott Trophy. Peppers played 933 snaps during the 2016 campaign, logging 726 plays on defense, 53 plays on offense, and 154 snaps on special teams. Peppers have seen the field at 15 different positions during the season. They finished fifth in voting for the 2016 Heisman Trophy.
On January 10, 2017, Peppers announced that they would be entering the 2017 NFL Draft, forgoing their final two seasons of NCAA eligibility.
College statistics
Professional career
Peppers received an invitation to the NFL Combine and attended as a linebacker, as well as a safety. They ran all combine and positional drills, except for the short shuttle and three-cone drill. They ran the fastest 40-yard dash among all of the linebackers. They participated in only positional drills at Michigan's Pro Day.
They were ranked the third-best safety in the draft by Sports Illustrated, Pro Football Focus, ESPN, NFL analyst Mike Mayock, and NFL analyst Bucky Brooks. On April 25, 2017, only two days before the draft, it was reported that Peppers received a positive test for a drug screen that was given at the combine. The positive test was in fact due to a diluted sample and further reports revealed that Peppers drank ample amounts of water and was ill before traveling for the combine. Peppers attended pre-draft visits with the Baltimore Ravens and San Francisco 49ers. At the conclusion of the pre-draft process, Peppers was projected to be a first or second round pick by NFL draft experts and scouts.
Cleveland Browns
2017
The Cleveland Browns selected Peppers in the first round (25th overall) of the 2017 NFL Draft. Peppers was the third safety drafted in 2017, behind Jamal Adams (6th overall) and Malik Hooker (15th overall).
On July 22, 2017, the Cleveland Browns signed Peppers to a fully guaranteed four-year, $10.7 million contract that includes a signing bonus of $5.6 million.
Peppers entered training camp slated as the starting strong safety. Head coach Hue Jackson named Peppers the starting free safety to start the regular season, alongside strong safety Derrick Kindred. They were also named the starting kick returner and starting punt returner.
They made their professional regular season debut and first career start in the Cleveland Browns' season-opener against the Pittsburgh Steelers and recorded four combined tackles and broke up a pass in their 21–18 loss. In addition, they had one kickoff return for 14-yards and three punt returns for 34-yards. They were inactive for two games (Weeks 7–8) due to a toe injury. In Week 12, they collected a season-high seven combined tackles during a 30–16 loss at the Cincinnati Bengals. They were sidelined for the Browns' Week 14 loss to the Green Bay Packers due to a knee injury. On December 31, 2017, Peppers recorded four solo tackles, broke up a pass, and made their first career interception as the Browns lost 28–24 at the Pittsburgh Steelers. Peppers made their first career interception off a pass attempt by quarterback Landry Jones in the first quarter. They finished their rookie season in 2017 with 57 combined tackles (44 solo), three pass deflections, and one interception in 13 games and 13 starts. Peppers also had 14 kick returns for 318 yards (22.7 YPR) and 30 punt returns for 180 yards (6.0 YPR). The Cleveland Browns finished the 2017 NFL season with a record of 0–16. Peppers lined up as a free safety for 88.2% of the Browns' defensive snaps according to Pro Football Focus. They received an overall grade of 45.5 from Pro Football Focus in 2017.
2018
Defensive coordinator Gregg Williams elected to move Peppers back to strong safety after the Browns traded for Damarious Randall. Peppers competed to be the starting strong safety against Derrick Kindred. Head coach Hue Jackson named Peppers the starting strong safety to begin the regular season, alongside free safety Damarious Randall and cornerbacks Denzel Ward and T. J. Carrie. They also retained their duties as the starting kick and punt returner. In Week 15 against the Denver Broncos, Peppers had 6 tackles, an interception, and a game-winning sack on fourth down.
New York Giants
2019
On March 13, 2019, Peppers was acquired by the New York Giants, alongside Kevin Zeitler, the Browns' first-round pick, and their in the 2019 NFL Draft, in exchange for Odell Beckham Jr. and Olivier Vernon. In week 4 against the Washington Redskins, Peppers recorded a 32-yard pick six off Dwayne Haskins in the 24–3 win. In week 9 against the Dallas Cowboys on Monday Night Football, Peppers recorded a team high 12 tackles and forced a fumble on wide receiver Randall Cobb that was recovered by teammate Antoine Bethea in the 37–18 loss.
Two weeks after suffering a transverse process fracture in the week 11 match-up against the Chicago Bears, Peppers was placed on season ending injured reserve on December 7, 2019.
2020-2021
On April 29, 2020, the Giants picked up the fifth-year option on Peppers' contract., worth $6.77 million guaranteed for the 2021 season.
For the 2020 season Peppers was a captain as a part of the special team's unit.
In Week 7 against the Philadelphia Eagles on Thursday Night Football, Peppers recorded their first sack of the season on Carson Wentz during the 22–21 loss.
Peppers was fined $11,301 for a hit that injured quarterback Kyle Allen in a 23–20 victory over the Washington Football Team.
During the game, Peppers also intercepted a pass thrown by Alex Smith, Allen's replacement, and recovered a fumble.
On October 26, 2021, Peppers was placed on injured reserve after suffering a torn ACL and a high ankle sprain in Week 7.
New England Patriots
2022
On April 4, 2022, Peppers signed a one-year contract with the New England Patriots.
Personal life
Peppers was raised in East Orange, New Jersey by their mother, Ivory Bryant. Their father, Terry Peppers, was active in their life until they were arrested when Jabrill was seven. They were arrested after being charged in a racketeering case as a part of the Bloods street gang, and was released from prison in 2014. Their older brother, Don Curtis, died in January 2010, after being shot while standing at the counter of Lucky Joy Restaurant in Newark, New Jersey. Peppers maintained a 3.8 GPA through high school and is an avid rapper. They have stated that they have always had an interest in Michigan's football program and is a fan of Charles Woodson. They cultivated a relationship with Woodson throughout their time at Michigan. Peppers is also a member of Omega Psi Phi having become a member while an undergrad at the University of Michigan (Phi Chapter).
Endorsements
On March 6, 2017, it was reported that Peppers had signed a multi-year contract with Adidas.
References
External links
Michigan Wolverines bio
New York Giants bio
1995 births
Living people
African-American players of American football
All-American college football players
American football return specialists
American football safeties
Cleveland Browns players
Don Bosco Preparatory High School alumni
Michigan Wolverines football players
Paramus Catholic High School alumni
People from Montclair, New Jersey
Players of American football from New Jersey
Sportspeople from East Orange, New Jersey
21st-century African-American sportspeople
New England Patriots players
21st-century African-American men
A virtuoso is an individual who possesses outstanding technical ability in a particular art.
Virtuoso may also refer to:
Arts and entertainment
Virtuoso (comics), a fictional supervillain
Virtuoso (Joe Pass album), 1973
Virtuoso (David Garrett album), 2007
"Virtuoso" (Star Trek: Voyager), a 2000 episode
Virtuoso Quartet, a British music group founded in 1924
Virtuoso (video game), 1994
The Virtuoso (play), a Restoration comedy
The Virtuoso (film), a 2021 film
Virtuoso (sculpture), a concrete sculpture by David Adickes in downtown Houston, 1988
Other uses
Virtuoso Universal Server, middleware and database engine hybrid
Aeros Virtuoso, a Ukrainian paraglider
Ricardo Virtuoso (born 1984), a Brazilian football player
See also
Mills Violano-Virtuoso, a machine manufactured by Mills Novelty Company that played a violin or piano
Willie Casey (born 20 December 1981) is an Irish professional boxer who lives in Limerick, Ireland. They won the Prizefighter series in May 2010 in the super bantamweight division, defeating Mark Moran, Josh Wale and Paul McElhinney.  They are nicknamed "Big Bang" for their aggressive and powerful boxing style.
Casey fought Paul Hyland at the University Arena in Limerick on 6 November 2010 for the European Super Bantamweight title which was previously held by Bernard Dunne. The original fight was supposed to be against Kiko Martinez who had held the title.
However Martinez vacated the title citing a "rib injury" as the problem. Casey won the fight and was crowned European Super Bantamweight champion.
On 2 February 2011 Casey was named Boxer of the Year at the Irish National Boxing Awards.
Casey was then offered a fight with WBA World Super Bantamweight Title Guillermo Rigondeaux by Rigondeaux's manager Gary Hyde. Casey accepted this fight, thus relinquishing their European Super Bantamweight Title. The fight on 19 March 2011 was stopped with 22 seconds left in the 1st round, with Rigondeaux retaining their title. Willie Casey had a comeback fight on 17 September 2011 against veteran Frenchman Daniel Kodjo Sassau at the Kings Hall, Belfast, Northern Ireland. In the 7th round Casey dropped Sassou with a straight left cross and went on to win the fight with an 8th-round TKO.
Professional boxing record
|- style="margin:0.5em auto; font-size:95%;"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="8"|14 Wins (9 knockouts), 3 Losses, 0 Draws, 0 No Contests
|- style="text-align:center; margin:0.5em auto; font-size:95%; background:#e3e3e3;"
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Res.
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Record
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Opponent
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Type
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Round
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Date
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Location
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Notes
|-
|Win|| 16-3|| George Gachechiladze||PTS||6(6)||6 September 2014|| Titanic Quarter, Belfast, Northern Ireland||
|-
|Win|| 15-3|| Krzysztof Rogowski||PTS||6(6)||20 June 2014|| Waterfront Hall, Belfast, Northern Ireland||
|-
|Loss|| 14-3|| Marco McCullough||TKO||9(12)||19 November 2013|| Odyssey Arena, Belfast, Northern Ireland||Irish Featherweight Title on the line.
|-
|Win|| 14-2|| Jason Booth||UD||12(12)||15 July 2012|| Stadium of Light, Sunderland, England||
|-
|Loss|| 13-2|| Andreas Evensen||MD||12(12)||21 April 2012|| Arena Nord, Frederikshavn, Denmark||
|-
|Win|| 13-1|| David Kanalas||TKO||1(8)||25 February 2012|| Emerald House, Belfast, Northern Ireland||
|-
|Win|| 12-1|| Daniel Kodjo Sassou||TKO||3(8)||17 September 2011|| Kings Hall, Belfast, Northern Ireland||
|-
|Loss||11-1|| Guillermo Rigondeaux||TKO||1(12)||19 September 2011|| Citywest Hotel, Dublin, Ireland||interim WBA World Super Bantamweight title on the line.
|-
|Win||11-0|| Paul Hyland||TKO||4(12)||6 November 2010|| University Arena, Limerick, Ireland||Won vacant EBU (European) Super Bantamweight title
|-
|Win||10-0|| Emiliano Salvini||PTS||8(8)||7 August 2010|| Citywest Hotel, Dublin, Ireland||
|-
|Win||9-0|| Faycal Messaoudene||TKO||5(6)||26 June 2010|| Neptune Sports Arena, Cork, Ireland||
|-
|Win||8-0|| Paul McElhinney||UD||3(3)||29 May 2010|| York Hall, Bethnal Green, London, UK||Prizefighter final.
|-
|Win||7-0|| Josh Wale||SD||3(3)||29 May 2010|| York Hall, Bethnal Green, London, UK||Prizefighter Semi-Final.
|-
|Win||6-0|| Mark Moran||TKO||3(3)||29 May 2010|| York Hall, Bethnal Green, London, UK||Prizefighter Quarter-Final.
|-
|Win||5-0|| Tyson Cave||TKO||8(8)||8 April 2010|| Royal York Hotel, Toronto, Ontario, Canada||
|-
|Win||4-0|| Fernando Guevara||TKO||1(6)||13 February 2010|| National Stadium, Dublin, Ireland||
|-
|Win||3-0|| Michael O'Gara||TKO||6(6)||14 November 2009|| University Arena, Limerick, Ireland||
|-
|Win|| 2-0|| Stoyan Serbezov||PTS||6(6)||24 October 2009|| National Stadium, Dublin, Ireland||
|-
|Win ||1-0|| Carlos De Jesus||TKO||2(4)||26 October 2008|| Gleneagle Hotel, Killarney, Ireland||
|}
References
External links
Willie Casey in 'Sports People' file at Limerick City Library, Ireland
Living people
1981 births
Sportspeople from Limerick (city)
Featherweight boxers
Prizefighter contestants
Irish male boxers
Assignment (later known as Special Assignment) is a late night news magazine program of ABS-CBN. It was hosted by Teddy Locsin from August 3, 1995 to May 3, 2001 (as Assignment) and Luchi Cruz-Valdes from September 2003 to July 2005 (as Special Assignment).
Hosts
Assignment
Teddy Locsin, Jr. (1995–2001)
Tony Velasquez (2001)
Special Assignment
Luchi Cruz-Valdes (2003–2005)
See also
List of Philippine television shows
List of programs broadcast by ABS-CBN
Philippine television news shows
1995 Philippine television series debuts
2001 Philippine television series endings
2003 Philippine television series debuts
2005 Philippine television series endings
1990s Philippine television series
2000s Philippine television series
ABS-CBN original programming
ABS-CBN News and Current Affairs shows
Television news program articles using incorrect naming style
Filipino-language television shows
English-language television shows
Louis Belanger (25 August 1756, Paris16 March 1816, Stockholm) was a French-born Swedish landscape artist.
Biography
They were a student of Francesco Casanova and Louis-Gabriel Moreau. After working as a landscape painter in several countries; including Italy, where they probably lived in Rome from 1780 to 1785, they returned to France, but was there for only a short time before the outbreak of the Revolution. At some point in 1790, they moved to London, where they exhibited at the Royal Academy and created works intended for making into prints.
Hearing about the opportunities available for painters in Russia, they attempted to emigrate there via Finland, but was stymied by Russia's involvement in the war against France. They finally settled in Stockholm in 1798, where they quickly established himself; becoming a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Fine Arts and winning an appointment as a court painter. They painted in oils and gouache, with motifs from all the places they had visited, and was especially known for their dramatic scenes with rocks and waterfalls.
For many years, they were planning a large album to be called Voyage pittoresque de la Suède, that would present all of their best landscapes in aquatint, working in conjunction with a now little-known artist named Louis J. A. Cordier de Bonneville (1766-1843). Ultimately, only nineteen were engraved and included in a book with seven works by . Later, some of their works would be engraved by James Merigot. They also created works depicting Swedish folk costumes. Among their many students, Carl Johan Fahlcrantz is especially notable.
Their works may be seen at the Göteborgs konstmuseum, Nationalmuseum and the .
References
Biography @ the Svenskt biografiskt lexikon
Elias Martin och Louis Belanger : nyförvärv till Stockholms stadsmuseum / Olof Byström
Lexikonett amanda och Kultur1
External links
More works by Belanger @ ArtNet
1756 births
1816 deaths
Swedish painters
Swedish landscape painters
French emigrants to Sweden
Artists from Paris
Senbere Teferi (born 3 May 1995) is an Ethiopian professional middle- and long-distance runner who competes mainly in the 1500 metres and cross-country running. They were the silver medallist at the 2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships. They represented their country at the 2013 World Championships and won medals on the track and World Youth and World Junior levels.
Career
Born Senbere Teferi Sora, they won their first international medal at the 2011 World Youth Championships in Athletics, placing second in the 1500 m to Kenya's Faith Kipyegon. They rose to the top of the national scene with a 1500 m win at the Ethiopian Athletics Championships. They took a prominent scalp in the form of Tiki Gelana at the Women First 5K in Addis Ababa in March 2012. At the 2012 World Junior Championships in Athletics they achieved a personal best of 4:08.28 minutes in the 1500 m final, but was again defeated by Kipyegon and also by Amela Terzić, leaving them with the junior bronze.
Senbere opened the 2013 season with a win at the national junior championships, taking the 3000 metres by a margin of nearly seven seconds. At the senior Ethiopian championships they made their debut over the 5000 metres and held off competition from Alemitu Heroye to lift their second national title. They began to move into cross-country running at the end of the year and placed third in the junior section of the Ethiopian Clubs Cross Country Championships. The following year, they were among the favourites for the 2014 World Junior Championships in Athletics after a world-leading junior time of 8:41.54 minutes in the 3000 m at the Doha Diamond League, but ultimately did not compete. They scored an African junior record in the 2000 metres at the Golden Spike Ostrava meeting with a time of 5:34.27 minutes, finishing behind Genzebe Dibaba who was making an attempt at the world record.
Cross-country was their focus after the track season. They won the Cross de l'Acier in France in November 2014. They were chosen for the senior Ethiopian team for the 2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and, in spite of their suffering an injury in the week before the event, they took to the front pack alongside Agnes Jebet Tirop and the two became the race protagonists, with Tirop eventually beating Senbere in the final 200 m, leaving the Ethiopian with the silver medal. Senbere's senior debut also saw their head the Ethiopian women to the team title, helped by their compatriot (and bronze medallist) Netsanet Gudeta.
International competitions
National titles
Ethiopian Athletics Championships
1500 metres: 2012
5000 metres: 2013
References
External links
Living people
1995 births
Ethiopian female long-distance runners
Ethiopian female middle-distance runners
World Athletics Championships athletes for Ethiopia
World Athletics Championships medalists
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Ethiopia
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
The Lion-Peugeot Type V2Y3 was a motor car produced near Valentigney by the French auto-maker Lion-Peugeot in 1911. It closely resembled the manufacturer's Type V2C3, but it had a larger engine and was faster. 215 V2Y3s were produced.
The V2Y3 was propelled using a two cylinder 1,702 cm³ four-stroke engine, mounted ahead of the driver. This was the largest two-cylinder engines that the manufacturer produced. A maximum 16 hp of power was delivered to the rear wheels.
The car shared its 2,250 mm wheelbase with the manufacturer's single cylinder Type VC3. The 3,200 mm body length provided space for between two and four people depending on the body specified. The range of different body types offered included a Phaeton, a Torpedo, a Limousine, a Landaulet, and a sports car.
Lion-Peugeot and Peugeot: the difference
“Lion-Peugeot” is the name under which in 1906 Robert Peugeot and their two brothers, independently of their cousin Armand's "Automobiles Peugeot" company, established a car manufacturing business at Beaulieu near Vallentigny. Ten years earlier the automobile pioneer Armand Peugeot had split away from the family business after a long-standing disagreement over how intensively the company should diversify into larger scale automobile production. An agreement had at that time been entered into between Armand's “Automobiles Peugeot” company and the residual Peugeot business that the residual business should concentrate on its established metal tools and components businesses along with its successful bicycle manufacturing activities, while Armand would have Peugeot branded powered vehicles to himself. During the ensuing ten years Armand's automobile business had grown rapidly, although it appears that the residual Peugeot business had probably not entirely avoided producing powered vehicles. In any event, under a new agreement signed in 1905, the residual Peugeot business made Armand an annual payment in return for which Armand consented to the residual business itself producing motor cars under the “Lion-Peugeot” name. The arrangement continued until 1910 after which (the death of Robert Peugeot's father Eugène having apparently removed a major impediment to the idea) the Lion-Peugeot business and the Peugeot automobiles business were merged into a single company. Nevertheless, some smaller models continued to be branded as “Lion-Peugeots” until 1916.
Sources and further reading
Harald H. Linz, Halwart Schrader: Die große Automobil-Enzyklopädie, BLV, München 1986,
Wolfgang Schmarbeck: Alle Peugeot Automobile 1890–1990, Motorbuch-Verlag. Stuttgart 1990.
Type V2Y3
Cars introduced in 1911
de:Lion-Peugeot V 2 Y 3
it:Peugeot Lion V2C2-V2Y2-V2C3-V2Y3
The AFL Hall of Fame Tribute Match was a one-off all-star game between two representative sides organised by the Australian Football League to celebrate the 150th anniversary of Australian rules football. The match was intended to celebrate the contribution of State of Origin and interstate matches to the history of the code.
The match was played on 10 May 2008 at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne, Australia, between Victoria (the "Big V") and the "Dream Team", with a crowd of 69,294 in attendance. Victoria won the match by 17 points: 21.11 (137) to 18.12 (120).
Background
In 2007, the AFL announced that it would support a return of the State of Origin concept as a once-off carnival as part of the 150th anniversary of Australian rules football scheduled for 2008. The format of the carnival was not announced at this early stage.
The media featured several opinions on how the series could work without unduly interrupting the AFL season. There were suggestions that each state be individually represented, with a two division format to ensure that there would be no one-sided matches between the stronger states and the weaker states, and there were also suggestions for Victoria to be divided into separate Metro and Country, both of which are features of the annual AFL Under 18 Championships.
Many of the options that the AFL considered featured composite teams of weaker states, similar to the Allies team which represented Tasmania, Queensland, New South Wales and the Northern Territory collectively during State of Origin series in the 1990s.
By December, the vision for a full carnival had been reduced to a single all-star match, to be played between Victoria and the Dream Team, a composite team of all other states, territories and countries, on a State of Origin selection basis. The match would be held as a stand-alone match on the weekend between Rounds 7 and 8, on Saturday 10 May.
South Australia's Graham Cornes was critical of the format, saying that it deprived non-Victorian players of the honour of wearing a state guernsey. They felt that each state should have been given the opportunity to field their own team.
Amid concerns over player participation, the AFL considered introducing penalties for selected players who refused to participate. Instead, players were paid A$5,000 each to compete in the match, and the players agreed to donate the money to the AFL Players Association to be to distributed to three charities, a special past players fund, the Ladder program to combat homelessness and RecLink, which funds football leagues in remote communities in the Northern Territory.
In early 2008 the AFL announced the full details of the match and branded it as the "AFL Hall of Fame Tribute Match", deliberately distancing it from the former State of Origin series. It promoted the event by announcing two captains would be Jonathon Brown (Victoria) and Andrew McLeod (Dream Team).
Victoria wore its traditional navy blue guernsey with a white V. The Dream Team wore a predominantly white guernsey, with beige cuffs and collars, and blue numbers and side panels; the names of 1246 community and grass-roots football clubs competing within the Australian states and territories eligible for the Dream Team were also included in small beige text across the front.
Squads
In April 2008 the AFL announced 40 man squads for both teams, which would later be trimmed to 25 per side. All AFL teams except Essendon and Melbourne had at least one player selected in one of the sides. The match was played with an extended interchange bench of seven players instead of four.
Several high-profile players pulled out of the match in the final weeks before the game. Gary Ablett, Nick Dal Santo and Brad Johnson pulled out for Victoria, while Luke McPharlin and Irishman Tadhg Kennelly dropped out for the Dream Team.
Final teams
List
Allen Aylett Medal
The Allen Aylett Medal for best on ground was awarded to Brendan Fevola, who kicked six goals for Victoria.
Scorecard
See also
2008 AFL season
State of Origin for Bushfire Relief Match – contested in 2020 to raise funds for the recovery efforts following the 2019–20 Australian bushfire season
References
External links
Official 150 years website
Australian Football League
Australian rules football games
Australian rules football State of Origin
Hall of Fame
History of Australian rules football
"Talking Out of Turn" is a 1981 single by the English progressive rock band the Moody Blues. It was the third and final single released from their 1981 album Long Distance Voyager.
The song became a hit in the United States, reaching #65 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #60 Cash Box. It did better in Canada, where it reached #27.
Written by bassist John Lodge, it lasts nearly seven and a half minutes, only five seconds short of "Nights in White Satin." It was later released as a single in November 1981, with "Veteran Cosmic Rocker" on the B-side.
The instrumental final minute of the song closes the first hour of The Mike Malloy Show each weekday evening.
Chart history
Personnel
John Lodge – lead vocals, 12-string acoustic guitar, bass
Justin Hayward – backing vocals and acoustic & electric guitars
Ray Thomas – backing vocals
Patrick Moraz – Polymoog, Yamaha CS80, vocoder and Minimoog
Graeme Edge – drums, overdubbed cymbals and Simmons drums
References
External links
The Moody Blues songs
1981 singles
Songs written by John Lodge (musician)
1981 songs
Olim Kurbanov (born 21 June 1998) is a Tajikistani swimmer. They competed in the men's 50 metre freestyle event at the 2016 Summer Olympics, where they ranked 62nd with a time of 25.77 seconds. They did not advance to the semifinals. Kurbanov again competed in the 50 m freestle in the 2020 Summer Olympics, finishing with a time of 19.06 second and failing to make the semifinals.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Tajikistani male freestyle swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Tajikistan
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Dushanbe
Swimmers at the 2014 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Tajikistan
Ross Strudwick (born 1950) is an Australian former rugby league footballer and coach. An Australian international, New South Wales and Queensland representative halfback of the 1970s, they played club football in the New South Wales Rugby Football League Premiership for St. George and in the Brisbane Rugby League Premiership for Fortitude Valley. Strudwick later embarked on a coaching career in Queensland and England.
Playing
Strudwick started their career in the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership with St. George Dragons in 1969. They played there until 1972, gaining selection for New South Wales during this period. Strudwick was the understudy to the champion Dragons halfback Billy Smith during that period, thus their first grade appearances were irregular.
After moving north to play in the Brisbane Rugby League premiership with Fortitude Valley, Strudwick was selected to represent Queensland several times and also played for Australia in the 1975 World Series. They were captain of Valleys when a teenage Wally Lewis made their first grade debut for the club in 1978 and worked with the youngster to help develop their long passing skills. That year they made the Grand Final but lost to Easts. The following year, with Strudwick as captain-coach, Valleys beat Souths to win the 1979 BRL premiership.
Coaching
Following their retirement from playing, Strudwick continued coaching in Queensland, taking Brothers to victory in the 1987 BRL grand final, before moving to England the following year to take up opportunities there. They coached Halifax during the 1980s but was sacked after a home defeat by Featherstone Rovers. They also worked as a television match commentator for BBC Grandstand, and coached and managed London Crusaders before being replaced by Darryl van der Velde in 1992. They resigned as general manager of the club in 1993.
Strudwick is also the founder and CEO of a sporting goods retail franchise called Struddys, and their son, Nathan has also played rugby league, signing with the Brisbane Broncos club.
References
Whiticker, Alan & Hudson, Glen (2006) The Encyclopedia of Rugby League Players, Gavin Allen Publishing, Sydney
Footnotes
1950 births
Living people
Australia national rugby league team players
Australian rugby league coaches
Australian rugby league players
Brisbane rugby league team players
Date of birth missing (living people)
Fortitude Valley Diehards players
Halifax R.L.F.C. coaches
London Broncos coaches
Past Brothers players
Queensland rugby league team players
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league players from Nyngan, New South Wales
St. George Dragons players
Violet Ranney "Bunny" Lang (married name Phillips, 11 May 1924 – 29 July 1956) was an American poet and playwright.
Biography
Born into a wealthy Boston family, Violet R. Lang was a debutante who began college at the University of Chicago but dropped out to join the Canadian Women's Army Corps in World War II. After the war, they were an editor for the Chicago Review (founded in 1946) and published some of their work in Chicago's Poetry: A Magazine of Verse. By 1950, Lang had returned to Cambridge, Massachusetts, where they became a friend of Frank O'Hara. At the Poets' Theatre they appeared, with John Ashbery, in the first production of O'Hara's play Try! Try! (1951). Among the poets of the New York School, they were a close friend to Frank O'Hara, John Ashberry, and Kenneth Koch. For a brief time in 1951 they were a burlesque dancer in Boston. They picked up Gregory Corso on the streets of New York City and persuaded their friends in Cambridge to help them live on a dorm room floor in Harvard's Eliot House. Them play I Too Have Lived in Arcadia (1954) is based upon their love affair with the painter Michael Goldberg.
Them father was Malcolm Burrage Lang (1881–1972), a 1902 Harvard graduate who was an organist and director of music at King's Chapel, Boston. Them mother was Ethel Ranney Lang, whose father Fletcher Ranney was a Boston lawyer. Violet R. Lang was the youngest of the six children (all daughters) of Malcolm and Ethel Lang, who raised their family at 209 Bay State Road. In April 1955 at Christ Church, Cambridge, Massachusetts, Violet R. Lang married Bradley Sawyer Phillips (1929–1991). They died of Hodgkin's disease at age 32. Frank O'Hara wrote a series of poems from 1956 to 1959 in mourning their death.
References
External links
1924 births
1956 deaths
20th-century American poets
20th-century American women writers
American women poets
American women dramatists and playwrights
Writers from Boston
University of Chicago alumni
Eternity in Death (2007) is a novella written by J. D. Robb. It is one of the few In Death stories to incorporate elements of the supernatural. It takes place before Creation in Death.
Plot summary
Tiara Kent lights several candles in their room, and turns off their security system. They drink a special "potion", and prepares for their mystery man to arrive. The next morning, Lt. Eve Dallas, and Delia Peabody are called to Tiara's apartment. The man they invited bit them in the neck, and drank their blood as they bled out, and Peabody recognises the murder as one perpetrated by a vampire.
Eve and Peabody talk to Tiara's friend, Daffy Wheates, who informs them Tiara was going to an underground vampire club, called Bloodbath, and had in fact met a man. Eve heads to see Iris Francine, and then Dr. Charlotte Mira, but is accompanied by their billionaire husband Roarke, who is curious themselves about the vampire murder.
Iris is unable to tell Eve much of anything, and Dr. Mira is only able to say that the killer believes they are a vampire, that they tried to turn Tiara into one, and they will continue trying until they get it right. The tox report reveals that the "potion" Tiara drunk, was a mixture of hallucinogens, tranqs, date rape drugs, and human blood. Detective Ian McNab is called in to help with the investigation, not because of what they can contribute, but because they think vampires are cool. They head off to the club, and Eve discovers Peabody is now wearing a cross, to ward of vampires. Eve gets irritated, and makes Peabody repeat "Vampires don't exist" over and over again.
Dallas, Roarke, Peabody, and McNab arrive at Bloodbath, which is literally, an underground club. They are greeted by the bartender, Allesseria Carter, who is serving pig's blood to people who think they are vampires, and Dorian Vadim, who owns the club. Dallas automatically suspects Dorian, who admits to being a vampire, but not to killing Tiara, and they agree to give blood, to be tested against the blood found in Tiara Kent's stomach. They use a syringe, brought by Allesseria, who also gives them an alibi for the time of the murder. Dallas checks Dorian's records, finding out they came from Europe, where they worked as a magician.
As Allesseria Carter leaves Bloodbath for the last time, they consider calling the police, and admitting they lied for Dorian. Before they can, Dorian attacks and kills her, leaving twin puncture wounds on the neck. The next morning, Dallas and Roarke find a link message from Allesseria, that was interrupted when they were attacked. Eve and Roarke head out to the crime scene. Allesseria's blood has been partially drained, bottled, and drunk. Peabody gives Dallas the worst news they could get: Dorian's blood doesn't match the blood Tiara drank.
Dallas does get some interesting news. The DNA Dorian gave to them does turn up at another homicide, as the DNA of a deadbody. A man in Bulgaria, named Pensky Gregor, who was a part of a prison work program, was killed by twin puncture wounds. They remember Dorian was originally a magician, and they swapped the vials of blood in their own night club, while three detectives and Roarke watched. Dallas head off to see Morse the coroner, who found saliva and semen on the body. On the way, they find that Detective David Baxter has hung garlic up, and is carrying a wooden stake.
The detectives and Roarke head to Bloodbath. Dallas tries to get Dorian to go to Cop Central, but Dorian is able to refuse because of their religious beliefs. No matter how hard Dallas tries, APA Cher Reo confirms their worst fears: they can't touch Dorian as long as the sun is up. Roarke puts a silver cross around their neck, to ward off vampires. Dallas organizes a conference, to prepare to take down Dorian after the sun goes down. Dallas themselves will go to see Dorian, and the cops will move in, should they attack them Before they go, Baxter gives them their wooden stake.
Dallas goes into Bloodbath alone, and is invited upstairs by Dorian. Dallas then tells them that they have their voiceprint, which they got off of Allesseria Carter's phone call. Enraged, Dorian attacks her, causing Roarke and the others to rush in. By the time they reach Dallas, they find Dorian is laying on the floor bleeding from a stomach wound: Dallas has stabbed them with the wooden stake.
In Death (novel series)
2007 American novels
American novellas
Vampire novels
Kama La Mackerel is a Mauritian-Canadian multidisciplinary artist, activist, translator, and community organizer who resides in Montreal, Quebec. Their artistic practice moves between theatre, dance, spoken word and written poetry, watercolours, photography, performance, sculpture and installation. Working across multiple disciplines, La Mackerel's work explores their identity as a trans femme of colour who reaches back beyond the immediate constraints of the colonial circumstances of their life to the spiritual ancestral lineages of queer femmes.
Early life and education
La Mackerel was born in Pamplemousses, Mauritius where they grew up in a Hindu and Catholic family. The first of their family to attend university, at the age of eighteen, they moved to India to pursue a Bachelor in Literature and Cultural Studies at the University of Pune, India. While in India they also studied and trained in contemporary dance and Kathak, the latter under the mentorship of Nandkishore Kapote. In 2008 they immigrated to Canada where they completed a Master's degree in Theory, Culture and Politics at Trent University in Peterborough, Ontario. In 2011 they moved to Montreal, where they actively began to pursue their artistic interests.
Community Organizing
La Mackerel's experience of not finding queer community spaces that were hospitable to trans people of colour, led them to create community events and spaces that center 2SLGBTQ+ people.
Gender B(l)ender (2013-2018)
In 2013, responding to the lack of queer-friendly open mic spaces in Montreal, La Mackerel founded Gender B(l)ender, a monthly open mic/cabaret event held on the last Friday of every month. Venues included at Café l'Artère and librairie L'Euguélionne. Over a 5 year period La Mackerel organized and hosted 40 editions of the event which saw over 600 performances. Performers included Asher Lionheart, Iyan Hayadi, Jespa Jacob Smith, Roxane Nadeau, Kim Ninkuru, Tranna Wintour, Valerie Bah, Kai Cheng Thom.
Self-Love Cabaret: L'Amour se conjugue à la première personne (2012-2016)
Running for four years between 2012 and 2016, the Self-Love Cabaret was an anti-valentine, artistic event which sought to challenge the dominant, heteronormative and consumerist holiday of coupledom: Valentine's Day by showcasing creative expressions of self-love.
Contemporary Poetics of Trans Women of Colour Artists (2018)
Curated and facilitated by La Mackerel, this event brought together six trans women of colour artists: Arielle Twist, Kai Cheng Thom, Kim Ninkuru, Adri Almeida, Gwen Benaway and La Mackerel.
Speak B(l)ack: A Black History Month spoken word show and open mic (2017-2019)
Part of McGill University's Black History Month events, Speak B(l)ack was hosted by La Mackerel and saw performers such as Stephanie Lawrence, Kim Ninkuru, and Shanice Nicole.
Interdisciplinary Arts Practice
While La Mackerel is most known for their debut poetry collection ZOM-FAM, their creative practice moves between dance, theatre, photography, sculpture, textiles, digital arts and video. La Mackerel is a self-taught artist and their practice emerges from a need to survive and find methods for navigating patriarchal colonial violence, and DIY grassroots cultural practices like zine-making, YouTube tutorials, open mic nights. Major projects include From Thick Skin to Femme Armour, Breaking the Promise of Tropical Emptiness, 'Race' is a Drag!, My Body is the Ocean, Bois d'Ébène.
'RACE' IS A DRAG! (2012)
Through a series of impromptu public performances, during the summer of 2012, La Mackerel produced 'Race' is a Drag! - a series of photographs that document the artist through their process of reclaiming public space. Most notable is the way the photographs capture the reactions of passersby whose gaze carries heterosexist and racist microaggressions trans women regularly experience.
From Thick Skin to Femme Armour (2016)
From Thick Skin to Femme Armour is a extended multidisciplinary research art project which honours trans women and femme of colour resistance and resilience. The project was toured in Europe in 2016 as a spoken word solo show. The project involves watercolours, textiles with text, photographs, video and a series of wearable objects.
Breaking the Promise of Tropical Emptiness: Trans subjectivity in the Mauritian postcard
In this series of fifteen photographs, taken by South-African writer and scholar Nedine Moonsamy, La Mackerel challenges the way postcards contribute to colonial framing of tropical spaces as empty lands to colonize. The artist poses their body against scenic Mauritian vistas, reinscribing their trans body onto their native island.
ZOM-FAM
In 2020 La Mackerel published their debut poetry collection ZOM-FAM with Metonymy Press to wide acclaim. The title is a Mauritian Kreol term denoting "man-woman." The work consists of eight poems which were originally composed as spoken word pieces that eventually became the material of a solo stage performance. The decision to move from spoken word to theatrical stage performance was prompted by a desire to create more texture in the work through movement, ritual and embodiment. As the poems migrated from stage to page, La Mackerel carried the stage movement over into the written poetry by using the page as a stage and allowing the words to break with traditional poem stanzas and envisioning the words as the body and the page as the stage. Written in Canada, the poems explore the artist's experience of growing up on the island of Mauritius, in particular their relationship to land, water, family, language, and gender within, and in resistance to, the ideological and material framing of the island's colonial history. While written primarily in English, the poems pay tribute to the ancestral languages of the island, using Kreol and Mauritian colloquialisms which grow from the interrelations of English, Kreol, French, Bhopuri, Tamil, Hindi. The island and the ocean are situated at the heart of the work and lay the foundation for La Mackerel's poetic excavation of ancestral femme lineages connecting them to their femme spirituality. In the summer of 2021 the book was launched in Mauritius and is hailed as the first published work of queer Mauritian literature. The cover art of the book was made by Aun Li and Kai Yun Ching.
Translation
La Mackerel has focused their translation on works by Canadian Anglophone trans women writers. Titles they have translated include Vivek Shraya's I'm Afraid of Men (J'ai peur des hommes) and Kai Cheng Thom's From the Stars in the Sky to the Fish in the Sea (L'enfant de fourrure, de plumes, d'écailles, de feuilles et de paillettes) and Fierce Femmes and Notorious Liars: A Dangerous Trans Girl's Confabulous Memoir (Fèms magnifiques et dangereuses: Mémoires affabulées d'une fille trans).
Awards
La Mackerel is a recipient of a Canada Council for the Arts Joseph S. Stauffer prize for emerging artists and was shortlisted as a finalist for the Dayne Ogilvie Prize for LGBTQ Canadian writers in 2021.
References
External links
21st-century Canadian artists
21st-century Canadian poets
21st-century Mauritian writers
Canadian LGBT poets
Canadian writers of Asian descent
Mauritian poets
Mauritian artists
Mauritian emigrants to Canada
Non-binary writers
Non-binary artists
Non-binary activists
Artists from Montreal
Writers from Montreal
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Higashi was born in Nara on August 23, 1978. After graduating from Tenri University, they joined J2 League club Sagan Tosu in 2001. They played many matches as midfielder in first season. However they could not play at all in the match in 2002 season and resigned with the club in July 2002. In 2008, they joined their local club Nara Club in Prefectural Leagues. They played many matches and the club was promoted to Regional Leagues from 2009. They retired end of 2010 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Tenri University alumni
Association football people from Nara Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J2 League players
Sagan Tosu players
Nara Club players
Association football midfielders
Thayagon is a village in Banmauk Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
Matthew Thomas Campbell (born July 14, 1972) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Carolina Panthers and the Washington Redskins. They played college football at the University of South Carolina.  They are the former Offensive Coordinator at Virginia Military Institute. In January 2015, they were named the head football coach and athletic director at Lugoff-Elgin HS in Lugoff, SC.
References
1972 births
Living people
People from North Augusta, South Carolina
American football offensive linemen
South Carolina Gamecocks football players
Carolina Panthers players
Washington Redskins players
VMI Keydets football coaches
Korak (Balochi, ) is town and union council of Awaran District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. It is located at 26°50'38N 65°44'3E and has an altitude of 648 metres (2129 feet), During the floods of 2007 Korak was affected - 137 households (619 people) were impacted.
References
Populated places in Awaran District
Union councils of Balochistan, Pakistan
The grey silky-flycatcher or grey silky (Ptiliogonys cinereus), is a species of bird in the family Ptiliogonatidae.
It is usually found only in Guatemala and Mexico, but vagrants have turned up in the southern United States.
It is found in montane forest and adjacent scrub, both mesic and xeric.
References
External links
Image at ADW
grey silky-flycatcher
Birds of Guatemala
Birds of Mexico
grey silky-flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Birds of the Sierra Madre Occidental
Birds of the Sierra Madre Oriental
Birds of the Sierra Madre del Sur
Birds of the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt
The Turks and Caicos Islands requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates. Current plates are North American standard 6 × 12 inches (152 × 300 mm). Vehicle plates have five digits on them, some with the text 'Beautiful by Nature' and 'Turks and Caicos Islands', others starting with the letters 'TC'.
See also
Vehicle registration plates of British overseas territories
References
Turks and Caicos Islands
Transport in the Turks and Caicos Islands
Turks and Caicos Islands-related lists
John Beveridge, JP (8 August 184815 March 1916) was a New South Wales business person, sportsman and local government politician, who served as an Alderman (1886–1891) and Mayor of Redfern (1891).
Early life and background
Beveridge was born 8 August 1848 in the town of Windsor, Colony of New South Wales. They were the son of John Beveridge, a baker and confectioner, and Jane Greig, who as assisted migrants had emigrated from Kirkcaldy, Fife, Scotland, to Sydney on 16 January 1839. At the age of 19, Beveridge entered the mercantile firm of George Griffiths and Co. in 1867. On 8 August 1871 they were married to Priscilla Wright, the Anglo-Irish daughter of teacher and later principal of the Fort Street Training School John Wright (1822–1887), at St Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Sydney, by the Rev. Robert Lewers. Beveridge and their wife Priscilla had seven children: John Stuart (1872–1874), Percy (1875–1947), Mabel (1878–1955), Harry (1882–1943), Violet (1886–1975), Cecil (1888–1946) and Roy Stuart (1893–1916). In 1880 they were made a partner in the firm, and on the retirement of Griffiths became the owner, which specialised in "wholesale grocery and general merchandise" from its premises on the corner of Bridge and Young streets, Sydney.
A prominent member of the flourishing business community in Sydney and Redfern, Beveridge became involved as a member of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce and as a director of the Mortgage, Guarantee and Mercantile Finance Corporation of New South Wales, the Sydney Real Estate Bank and the Australian Traders' Fire Insurance Company. Beveridge also became a member of the Redfern Branch of the Free Trade Association. A keen sportsman, Beveridge was a member of the Cricket Union (vice-president in 1889) and was instrumental in the development of the Surry United Cricket Club, being captain from 1879 (now the Surry Hills Cricket Club).
Public service
Beveridge eventually stood for office as a free trader and became an alderman unopposed on Redfern Municipal Council for Belmore Ward on 20 September 1886, filling a vacancy created by the departure of Alderman Francis Augustus Wright, and was re-elected in February 1888. In September 1888 they presided over a meeting at Redfern Town Hall to support the ultimately-unsuccessful candidacy of free trader John Martin for a by-election to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly seat of Redfern; the meeting was attended by Sir Henry Parkes who also spoke in support.
Beveridge strongly aligned themselves with the politics of Parkes and later stood for the seat of Redfern themselves as a Free Trade candidate at the 1889 colonial election, but was unsuccessful, missing out by a margin of over 100 votes, despite the overall success of the Free Trade movement at that election, with Parkes forming government. Even so, on 12 June 1890 they were appointed to the Redfern Sub-District Public School Board by the Governor Lord Carrington, on the advice of Free Trader Minister for Public Instruction, Joseph Carruthers.
On 12 February 1891 Beveridge was elected to be mayor of the council and was instrumental in making Redfern the first suburb in Sydney to have electricity and electric street lighting, which occurred when the Council voted unanimously in 1891, following the recommendations of the improvements committee, to build its own power station in Turner Street to power the suburb. Beveridge then proposed and passed through council a loan of £50,000 for the purpose. This movement by the council was later affirmed and protected by the Parliament of New South Wales when it passed the Borough of Redfern Electric Lighting Act 1895.
However, by May 1891 Beveridge had resigned as mayor and an alderman for Redfern prior to their candidacy for the 1891 election. Their vacancy in Belmore Ward was subsequently filled by William Poole. Beveridge stood again as a Free Trade candidate for Redfern, reaffirming their support for the Free Trade vision for Australian Federation and noting that overall wages in New South Wales were higher compared to Victoria and taxation was lower owing to the Free Trade system in NSW, a system "that is best for the commercial interests of the colony." Beveridge was however again unsuccessful at the June election which saw the Free Traders lose out to the Labor Party and the Protectionists.
Later life
Following this defeat, Beveridge returned to business, taking up a high-ranking position in the Sydney office of the New York Life Insurance Company. On 25 November 1891, Beveridge sold their merchandise business, George Griffiths and Co. to David Cohen and Company. Beveridge nevertheless retained their keen interest in the Free Trade movement and in politics generally, including presiding over the election committee for John Neild's unsuccessful bid for the seat of Woollahra at the 1894 election (he lost to Adrian Knox, standing as an 'Independent Free Trade' candidate). George Reid's Free traders were successful at that election and Beveridge, in a letter to the Sydney Morning Herald, noted: "the vote of last Tuesday must inspire every thinking man in the community with the idea that the people are ripe for the establishment of a progressive policy, and I believe Mr Reid is the man for the hour."
Lithgow
By 1896, Beveridge had opened their own retail business in the rural and mining town of Lithgow and involved themselves in various community activities, including in cricket. Reporting on their attendance at a Lithgow reception for Premier Reid in May 1896, the Windsor and Richmond Gazette noted: "no doubt, ere long Mr. [Beveridge] will take a leading part in matters connected with the welfare of the town, for they are too good a man to be allowed to stay long in clover. Their ability is already recognised in their new home, and a matter of a few months will decide whether they enter the Municipal arena or not. If they do, Lithgow will be the gainer." In early 1896 Beveridge nominated to take up a vacancy on Lithgow Ward on Lithgow Municipal Council, but received only 6 votes. The next year they stood again for Lithgow Ward but lost by one vote. Beveridge became heavily involved in local cricket circles, donating the "Beveridge Cup" for district matches, and becoming President of the Lithgow District Cricket Association in 1899; the patron of the association that year was prominent local politician Joseph Cook.
A supporter of Australian Federation, Beveridge was nominated to attend the People's Federal Convention at Bathurst in November 1896, which had convened to discuss the 1891 draft Constitution being proposed for the Commonwealth of Australia. The most important recommendation made by the convention was that the Senate should be directly elected. In December 1897, Beveridge established the Lithgow Land, Building, and Investment Company and became a company director. As a longstanding Justice of the Peace, on 23 January 1899 Beveridge was appointed by Governor Lord Hampden, on the recommendation of Minister for Justice Charles Lee, as Coroner for Lithgow and for the colony at large.
Hay
By 1901, Beveridge had moved again to the Riverina town of Hay, and opened their own general merchandise store, "Beveridge & Co.", in the town. It was not long before Beveridge again returned to Cricketing circles, gaining much respect in the Hay Cricket Association, later serving as vice-president, and rising to be President of the Hay Chamber of Commerce in 1901. In February 1901, Beveridge was elected as Honorary Secretary at the inaugural meeting of the Hay Free Trade Association and later assisting in the campaign of Free Trade candidate James Ashton for the seat of Riverina at the first federal election a month later.
In May 1902 Beveridge departed Hay for a visit to London for the Coronation of King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra.
Return to Sydney
After moving back to Sydney with their family, in later years they served as the general manager of the Merchants' and Traders' Employment Bureau, which their brother Peter had purchased in July 1908. The Bureau's offices were sited within the New York Mutual Life Building at 14 Martin Place, Sydney. Beveridge moved with their family to a new residence, "Violet" in Balfour Road, Kensington, but in later years their health suffered greatly owing to "acute heart trouble", which led to their death aged 67 on 15 March 1916. Their youngest son Lance sergeant Roy Stuart Beveridge (20th Battalion) was later killed in action following the Battle of Flers in France on 12 November 1916. Their eldest son Percy Beveridge became a notable cricketer in New Zealand, while their son Cecil became an actor and theatre director and, also of the 20th Battalion, was injured during the Battle of Pozières in 1916.  They are interred with their wife (d. 1929) and their third son, Harry (d. 1943, who was a branch manager for the Commonwealth Bank) at Waverley Cemetery.
Notes
Australian coroners
Australian federationists
Australian Presbyterians
Australian people of Scottish descent
Burials at Waverley Cemetery
Cricketers from Sydney
Mayors of Redfern
Free Trade Party politicians
1848 births
1916 deaths
19th-century Australian businesspeople
Tainan Science Park () of Taiwan is located in Sinshih, Shanhua and Anding Districts of Tainan City with a total area of , and is a part of the Southern Taiwan Science Park (STSP).
History
On 1 July 1993, the Executive Yuan approved the establishment of a science park in southern Taiwan as part of the Economic Revitalization Plan. The Phase I site of the park was approved in May 1995 and totaled , marking the beginning of high-tech development in southern Taiwan. Phase II was approved in September 2001 and covered an area of The park focuses on optoelectronics, integrated circuits, biotechnology, and precision machinery industries.
See also
Kaohsiung Science Park
Hsinchu Science Park
References
Further reading
1995 establishments in Taiwan
Buildings and structures in Tainan
Science parks in Taiwan
2009 Vissel Kobe season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Vissel Kobe
Vissel Kobe seasons
The São Paulo tyrannulet (Phylloscartes paulista) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in the southern Atlantic Forest. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
São Paulo tyrannulet
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Taxa named by Hermann von Ihering
Taxa named by Rodolpho von Ihering
São Paulo tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
(Walter) William Fell (1761/2 – 27 March 1848, Shap) was an English writer.
Life
William Fell was probably born near Brampton, Cumberland. They were a schoolmaster successively at Manchester, Wilmslow, and Lancaster, and was an industrious writer for the press. After their retirement they lived at Clifton, near Lowther, Westmorland. They died in March 1848 at Shap, aged 86, predeceased by their wife Dorothy and son Edward. They left their substantial property to the children of their elder brother, John Fell of Swindale Head, thereby disinheriting their only surviving son, Henry, who lived in Denmark.
Works
Hints on the Instruction of Youth (anonymous), Manchester, 1798
Hints on the Causes of the High Prices of Provisions, Penrith, 1800
A System of Political Economy, Salford, 1808
Remarks on Mr. Lancaster's System of Education, in which their erroneous statements and the defects in their mode of tuition are detected and explained, Warrington, 1811
A Sketch of the Principal Events in English History, Warrington, 1811; 2nd edition 1813
References
1758 births
1848 deaths
18th-century English people
18th-century English non-fiction writers
18th-century English male writers
19th-century English non-fiction writers
People from Brampton, Carlisle
English non-fiction writers
English male non-fiction writers
19th-century English male writers
Schoolteachers from Cumbria
People from Clifton, Cumbria
I Lived With You is a 1933 British romantic comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Ivor Novello, Ursula Jeans and Ida Lupino. It is based on the West End hit play I Lived With You by Novello.
Plot
Young Cockney shop girl Gladys Wallis meets penniless Russian Prince Felix Lenieff in the Hampton Court Maze and, learning they have no place to stay, takes them home to live with their family. Their presence creates chaos in their family's humble Fulham home. At first the others do not believe they are a prince, but they have a locket that Nicholas II, the last tsar, gave to their now-deceased mother. Gladys's father works in the diamond trade and confirms that the jewels on it are valuable diamonds. Felix does not want to sell them for their own sake, but is persuaded by Mr. Wallis to let them do so, as it will benefit the family.
Cast
Ivor Novello as Prince Felix Lenieff
Ursula Jeans as Gladys Wallis
Ida Lupino as Ada Wallis
Minnie Rayner as Mrs. Wallis
Eliot Makeham as Mr. Wallis
Cicely Oates as Flossie Williams
Jack Hawkins as Mort [Gladys's boyfriend]
Beryl Harrison as Miss Violet Bradshaw
Douglas Beaumont as Albert Wallis [Gladys's brother]
Molly Fisher as May Sawley (as Mollie Fisher)
Victor Bogetti as Thornton [Ada's boyfriend]
Davina Craig as Maggie
Hannah Jones
Agnes Imlay
Maud Buchanan
Gwen Floyd
Critical reception
TV Guide wrote, "originally a play by Novello, who transplanted almost the entire cast for the filmed version, the main exception to the stage cast being Lupino, who gave a strong emotional performance." and the Radio Times wrote, "it's all directed with a teasingly respectable salaciousness by Maurice Elvey, but of much greater interest to most film fans will be the pre-fame performances of Jack Hawkins and Ida Lupino." and BBC Wales Arts wrote, "this is a riotously funny film and Novello not for the first or last time on screen, operates, tantalisingly, on different layers. He's always aware of their screen spectator in the dark, but don't be misled - this performance doesn't reek of the greasepaint in the least. It's just that Novello has the rare ability to maintain a playful, ironic stance which many critics, even today, seem incapable of appreciating or recognising."
References
Bibliography
Low, Rachael. Filmmaking in the 1930s Britain. George Allen & Unwin, 1985.
Wood, Linda. British Films, 1927-1939. British Film Institute, 1986.
External links
1933 films
1933 romantic comedy films
1930s English-language films
Films directed by Maurice Elvey
Films shot at Twickenham Film Studios
Films set in London
British films based on plays
British romantic comedy films
British black-and-white films
1930s British films
Thomas Phaer (also spelled Phaire, Fayre, Faer, Phayre, Phayer) (c. 151012 August 1560) was an English lawyer, paediatrician, and author.  They are best known as the author of The Boke of Chyldren, published in 1545, which was the first book on paediatrics written in the English language.
Life
It is thought that Phaer was born in Norwich. Their father, also Thomas, was of Flemish descent. Phaer was educated at Oxford University. They studied law at Lincoln's Inn, and became Solicitor in the Court of the Welsh Marches; on their appointment they settled at the Welsh town of Cilgerran near Cardigan, where they lived until they died.
They were Member of Parliament for Carmarthen Boroughs in 1547 and for Cardigan for (1555–1559).
They applied to Oxford University for the degree of Bachelor of Medicine in February 1558, stating that they practised for twenty years. They were granted their Bachelor's, and then a Doctorate of Medicine, later that year.
Phaer died in Cilgerran, leaving their wife, Ann, and three daughters, Eleanor, Mary, and Elizabeth. They were buried in the local parish church.  They are commemorated as one of the supporters in the coat of arms of the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health. The other supporter is June Lloyd.
Works
They published Natura brevium in 1535, and Newe Boke of Presidentes in 1543. They began to practise medicine in the 1530s, in their mid to late twenties. They published The Regiment of Life in 1544, a translation of a French version of the Latin text Regimen Sanitatis Salerni, and The Boke of Chyldren was published the following year as an addedum to The Regiment of Life.
The Boke of Chyldren anticipated many later trends in medicine. In recognising children as a special class of patients, their book was one of the first treatises to make a distinction between childhood and adulthood. They recognised various mental diseases, listing of the "manye grevous and perilous diseases" to which children were susceptible, including "apostume of the brayne" (meningitis), colic, "terrible dreames and feare in the slepe" (nightmares) and "pissing in the bedde" (bedwetting). They counselled against unnecessary treatments for childhood diseases such as smallpox or measles ("The best and most sure helpe in this case is not to meddle with anye kynde of medicines, but to let nature work them operacion"). They also condemned the tendency of medical practitioners to obscure their meaning by using Latin, and the consequent confusion for the patient: "How long would they haue the people ignorant? Why grutche they phsyicke to come forth in Engliyshe? Woulde they haue no man to know but onely they?"
They contributed to Sackville's Mirrour for Magistrates, "Howe Owen Glendower, being seduced by false prophecies, toke upon them to be Prince of Wales." In their later years, they gained a degree of fame for their translation of Virgil's Aeneid. The Seven First Bookes of the Eneidos of Virgil converted into English Meter was published in 1558. They had completed two more books in April 1560 and had begun the tenth, but died in the autumn of that year, leaving their task incomplete. The translation was finished by Thomas Twyne in 1584. Phaer's translation, which was in rhymed fourteen-syllabled lines, was greatly admired by their contemporaries, although not the first attempt at a complete translation (Gawain Douglas had translated all twelve books and Maphaeus Vegius' thirteenth book as well). Their translation remained popular until John Dryden's translation was published in The Works of Virgil in 1697.
Works
Natura brevium (1535)
A Boke of Presidentes (1543) (a legal work)
The Regiment of Life (1544) (translation from a French text of Regimen sanitatis Salernitanum)
The Boke of Chyldren (1545) (56 pages, including 4-page preface)
Virgil's Aeneid (1555) (translation from Latin)
Further reading
The History of Pædiatrics by Sir Frederic Still
References
Sources
The Boke of Chyldren by Thomas Phaire, 1545, including brief biography
Coat of Arms of the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health
1510s births
1560 deaths
Medical doctors from Norwich
16th-century English medical doctors
16th-century English writers
16th-century male writers
British paediatricians
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for constituencies in Wales
Alumni of the University of Oxford
English MPs 1547–1552
English MPs 1555
English MPs 1558
English MPs 1559
English medical writers
Translators of Virgil
Writers from Norwich
District 28 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes portions of Washington County. The current representative for the district is Democrat Wlnsvey Campos.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Washington County, Oregon
Eduard Zimmermann (4 February 1929 – 19 September 2009) was a German journalist, television presenter and security expert.
Life
Eduard Zimmermann was born on 4 February 1929 in Alte Heide in the borough of Schwabing-Freimann in Munich, Germany to a teenage mother who worked as a waiter. Shortly before the Second World War Zimmermann moved to their grandparents house in Ottobrunn. At the end of the war Zimmermann moved to the city of Magdeburg where their mother had married a hotelier, and where Zimmermann was first employed at their stepfather's hotel.
Following the Second World War the man who would later be known as a 'criminal hunter' and 'crook's bane' eked out a living as a thief and black market trader, for which they served a sentence at Fuhlsbüttel Prison. With a false identity and diploma they finally found work as a roadworks engineer in Sweden.
Zimmermann returned to the Soviet occupation zone in Germany on an assignment for Dagens Nyheter newspaper. There they were charged with espionage in 1950 and sentenced to 25 years in prison. They served five years of their sentence in Bautzen and was released early on 17 January 1954 in the run-up to the Berlin Conference.
Subsequently, they worked as a journalist and editor at NDR and ZDF.
From 20 October 1967 to 24 October 1997 Zimmermann presented 300 episodes of the ZDF TV series Aktenzeichen XY... ungelöst (Case number XY … Unsolved), whom they also co-hosted with their adopted daughter Sabine from 6 November 1987 until 24 October 1997 (Sabine would remain at the said programme until 7 December 2001), as well as 180 episodes from 1964 to 1997 of Vorsicht Falle! - Nepper, Schlepper, Bauernfänger (Beware, Trap! - Scammers, Hustlers, Conmen). They then retired from the television business and maintained an Internet security portal in co-operation with ZDF.
Zimmermann was a co-founder of Weißer Ring e.V. (White Ring), an organisation that assists victims of crimes, and was its chairperson for many years.
On the occasion of Aktenzeichen XY'''s hundredth episode on 7 October 1977 Zimmermann received the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany on ribbon, presented by Federal President Walter Scheel, and was subsequently awarded the Order of Merit First Class on 16 June 1986, presented by Federal President Richard von Weizsäcker. In 1982 they received the Humanitarian Award of the German Freemasons.
Zimmermann themselves revealed their past as a criminal in 2005 through their autobiography, titled Auch ich war ein Gauner (I was a crook too). In a newspaper interview they said that the time had made them tough:
Zimmermann's last appearance on TV was on the 400th episode of Aktenzeichen XY on 10 May 2007, and died on 19 September 2009 in Munich from dementia.
Notes and references
Notes
References
Zimmermann, Eduard: Auch ich war ein Gauner'', Riva Verlag 2005.
External links
Eduard Zimmermann's security portal
Spiegel Online article
1929 births
2009 deaths
German male journalists
German television journalists
20th-century German journalists
21st-century German journalists
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
German male writers
ZDF people
The Ariau Towers is an abandoned boutique hotel, 60 km northwest of Manaus, Brazil, on the Rio Negro, a major tributary of the Amazon River. The concept for the property was that of Dr. Francisco Ritta Bernardino. The property featured 6 towers, with all 291 rooms elevated from the rain forest floor by approximately 10-20m and connected by approximates of catwalks. Amenities included two restaurants and three swimming pools.
The hotel complex was one of the oldest and largest jungle lodges in the Amazon. It became known for its luxury accommodations and celebrity guests. Describing it as "the ultimate treehouse", travel writer Patricia Schulz included the hotel as one of their "1,000 Places to See Before You Die". On the other hand, the editors of Frommer's South America severely criticized the hotel for its "mass-market" offerings and its lack of environmental sensitivity, calling it "all that is wrong with Amazon 'ecotourism'". The hotel closed down in 2016.
Structure
The hotel has 288 units split amongst apartments, suites (located in the towers) and tree houses. The tallest of the units, the Tarzan House, is built on top of a living mahogany tree, at the height of 22 m from the ground. The towers are interlinked by a wooden catwalk system of approximately , all within the canopy of the rainforest. Other facilities within these tree tops include 2 swimming pools, two observation towers high and a panoramic auditorium for 450 people. There are also restaurants serving regional foods, bars and convenience stores.
Activities
The hotel had various tours available within the forest, such as canoe walk, jungle walk, piranha fishing, visit to native's houses, and observation of nightlife animals. Visitors could also observe the Meeting of the Waters, where the Rio Negro and the Solimoes River meet, but because of density and different temperatures don't get mixed. The separate shades of water run side by side for a length of more than four miles (6 km) without mixing. Macaws and various breeds of native and non-native monkeys are common around the towers.
Closure
In 2015, the government seized the property and planned to sell it to pay off its debt, with an asking price of US$8.3 million. A news item in May 2017 stated that the property would be sold by auction in September of that year with a suggested price of US$2.3 million, and a minimum bid of 2 million. A real estate listing in August 2019 indicated that the property was then for sale for €2.5 million. The description provided these specifics:The Ariaú closed the doors in 2016, despite the abandonment, the facilities still impress, with an architecture totally adapted to the forest and the river ... with all the advances would make this hotel again a unique hotel worldwide.
References
External links
Ariau Amazon Towers' website
Ariau Amazon Towers Hotel website
Hotels in Brazil
Buildings and structures in Amazonas (Brazilian state)
Rio Negro (Amazon)
Tourist attractions in Amazonas (Brazilian state)
Finnish Trade Union Federation (, SAJ, , FLO) was the first central organisation of trade unions in Finland, established in 1907. It was a part of the Social Democratic Party of Finland (SDP), all union members were also party members. SAJ's membership peaked at 110,000 in 1917. Finnish Trade Union Federation was a member of the International Secretariat of National Trade Union Centres since 1909.
History
In the 1918 Finnish Civil War the Red Guards were mostly composed of SAJ members. It was also one of the organizations forming the Supreme Workers' Council which was the parliament of Red Finland. After the Civil War, the radical SAJ members established the Socialist Workers' Party of Finland (SSTP) in May 1920. The main force behind SSTP was the illegal Communist Party, and a year later the Communists gained a majority in SAJ.
After the rise of the extremist right-wing Lapua Movement, the SAJ was banned in 1930 due to the newly passed Communist Law. The Communists then founded the shortly-lived Red Trade Union and the Social Democrats the Finnish Federation of Trade Unions (SAK). In 1960, the dissident SAK members formed another central organization which was also called SAJ. The new organization and SAK merged in 1969, forming the present-day Central Organisation of Finnish Trade Unions.
List of chairpeople
Eero Haapalainen 1907–1911
Matti Paasivuori 1911–1912, 1918–1920, 1926–1929
Oskari Tokoi 1912–1917
Johan Lumivuokko 1917–1918
Matti Väisänen 1920–1923
Edvard Huttunen 1923–1925
Erkki Härmä 1926
Iisakki Heikka 1929–1930
Yrjö Murto 1930
References
Defunct trade unions of Europe
National trade union centers of Finland
1907 establishments in Finland
1930 disestablishments in Finland
Trade unions established in 1907
Finnish Civil War
Defunct organisations based in Finland
The Régiment de Royal Suédois () was a foreign infantry regiment in the Royal French Army during the Ancien Régime. It was created in 1690 from Swedish prisoners taken during the Battle of Fleurus. The regiment eventually acquired the privilege of being called a Royal regiment.
German regiment
The regiment nominally accepted only Swedish officers. However most of the privates and NCOs were of German origin, from Swedish Pomerania, in view of the difficulty of obtaining sufficient numbers of Swedish recruits, and at least one Irishman, Daniel Charles, Count O'Connell, was a Lieutenant-Colonel in the regiment.
The actual Swedish element in the regiment diminished after 1740. Between 1741 and 1749 only one of the 438 men enlisted was actually Swedish. By 1754 even the officer corps numbered only 14 Swedes out of a total of 41. In spite of its origins and connections the Royal-Suedois came to be ranked as a German regiment.
Count Axel von Fersen purchased the position of colonel-proprietor of the regiment in 1783, according to some in order to be able to stay close to the Queen of France Marie Antoinette. They remained in active command of the regiment until the beginning of the French Revolution in 1789, and officially this was still the case when, in 1791, all non-Swiss foreign regiments of the royal army were disbanded. The regiment was then reorganised as the new 89th Regiment of the Line.
Regimental title
Initially named the Lenck Regiment, the unit was renamed as the Appelgrehn Regiment in 1734. These titles were both names of the successive regimental colonels, following the usual French Army practice of the period. However in 1742 the Swedish government requested that the regiment be given the distinction of being renamed Royal-Suedois.
Colours
Uniforms
From about 1750 onwards the regiment was distinguished by wearing dark blue coats with buff (yellow-brown) collars and cuffs. This colour combination matched the uniform of most infantry regiments in the Swedish Army from the 17th to the early 20th centuries.
Swedish regiment
In December 1813, the regiment was once again raised by a French émigré in Germany, and it fought in the Swedish Army during the Battle of Leipzig in 1813 and during the campaign in Norway in 1814. The Royal Suédois was finally disbanded in December 1814 while in Norway.
Traditions
Today, the regiment's traditions and flag are carried on in the French Army via a company in the 4th Infantry Regiment.
See also
List of Royal French foreign regiments
References
Beckman, Margareta. Under fransk fana!: Royal Suédois. Stockholm: Svenskt Militärhistoriskt Bibliotek, 1995.
Military units and formations established in 1690
Military units and formations disestablished in 1791
Infantry regiments of the Ancien Régime
Stara Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Enga Mioks (established 1992) is a semi-professional rugby league team based in Enga Province, Papua New Guinea. The team competes in the Papua New Guinea National Rugby League competition. They play at Johnson Siki Aipus Oval, Wabag located at 3 km outside the provincial capital Wabag.
History
The team qualified for the SP Inter-city Cup in its 1998 season. In their maiden season they came a miserable second-last. The following season under new coaching staff and new sponsors Toyota they improved significantly coming fourth. In their third season with the smart recruiting of power-house international prop Raymond Karl the Mioks won their first minor premiership and SP Intercity Millennium Cup title in 2000. Ever since then the team has had a wayward time with financial problems and provincial problems.
Entering the new PNGNRL competition on 2005 they had a scrappy season finishing a lonely second last. In 2006, however they improved just missing out on the finals play off by points difference.
2021 squad
Honours
Cambridge Cup Club Champions: 1995, 1996, 1997
SP Cup/Bemobile Cup - Digicel Cup/PNGNRL:
Champions (1): 2000
Runner-Up (2): 2009
Finishes in top 5 every season
See also
References
External links
www.lbcbombers.com.pg
www.thenational.com.pg
www.postcourier.com.pg
Papua New Guinean rugby league teams
Rugby clubs established in 1992
1992 establishments in Papua New Guinea
Simone Lunadoro or Lunadori (died 1610) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Nocera de' Pagani (1602–1610).
Biography
On 17 June 1602, Simone Lunadoro was appointed during the papacy of Pope Clement VIII as Bishop of Nocera de' Pagani.
On 11 August 1602, they were consecrated bishop by Camillo Borghese, Cardinal-Priest of San Crisogono, with Guglielmo Bastoni, Bishop of Pavia, and Valeriano Muti, Bishop of Bitetto, serving as co-consecrators.
They served as Bishop of Nocera de' Pagani until their death in 1610.
While bishop, they were the principal co-consecrator of Louis de Salignac de La Mothe-Fénelon, Bishop of Sarlat (1603).
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Clement VIII
1610 deaths
Butti is a male Arabic first and surname. Notable people with first and surname include:
Surname
Abdulla Bin Butti (born 23 Feb 1973), Emirati chief executive
Alessandro Butti (1893–1959), Italian designer
Dina Butti, Egyptian/Canadian TV presenter, writer, and artist
Enrico Butti (1847–1932), Italian sculptor
Hamed bin Butti bin Khadem Al Hamed, Emirati royalty
Khaled Butti (born 1991), Emirati football player
Maktoum bin Butti bin Sohal, 19th century Emir of Dubai
Saeed bin Butti, 19th century Emir of Dubai
First name
Butti bin Sohail, 20th century Emir of Dubai
Shibahara (written: or ) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
, Japanese voice actor
, Japanese-American tennis player
, Japanese baseball player
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese diver
See also
Shibahara Station, a monorail station in Toyonaka, Osaka Prefecture, Japan
Japanese-language surnames
The Kranji War Cemetery is located in Kranji, Singapore, and is the final resting place for Allied soldiers who perished during the Battle of Singapore and the subsequent Japanese occupation of the island from 1942 to 1945 and in other parts of Southeast Asia during World War II.
There are 4,461 World War II casualties buried or commemorated at this cemetery, of which more than 850 of these are unidentified. There are 64 World War I headstones, of which three commemorate casualties known to have been buried elsewhere but whose graves could not be found on concentration.
Adjacent to the War Cemetery is the Kranji Military Cemetery, also administered by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission.
History
The Kranji area was previously a military camp. At the time of the Japanese invasion of Malaya, the area was in use as an ammunition magazine. After the fall of Singapore, the Japanese established a prisoner-of-war camp at Kranji and a hospital nearby at Woodlands. After the war, In 1946, it was decided that Kranji would be designated as Singapore's War Cemetery so the small cemetery at Kranji was developed into a permanent war cemetery and subsequently war graves from Buona Vista, Changi, and other cemeteries were removed and re-interred at Kranji. .
The site was expanded by the concentration of graves from surrounding areas and from Saigon in then-French Indochina (now Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam).
Colin St Clair Oakes designed the Singapore Memorial and the War Cemetery, and the memorial was unveiled on 2 March 1957 by Sir Robert Black, who was a former a prisoner of war of the Japanese and at the time of the unveiling was then the Governor and Commander-in-Chief, Singapore.
Repatriation of Australian war dead
On 2 June 2016, the remains of 32 persons interred at Terendak Camp, Malaysia, including several family members, plus one Vietnam War soldier interred at Kranji War Cemetery, were repatriated to Australia, landing at RAAF Base Richmond on two Royal Australian Air Force C-17s. They had been dis-interred following agreement between the governments.
Special memorials
Special memorials exist to commemorate specific deaths or graves that could not be found. These memorials are mainly clustered around the main Singapore Memorial.
Singapore Memorial
The Singapore Memorial, known locally as the Kranji War Memorial, stands over the war cemetery with the names of 24,346 Allied soldiers, sailors, and airmen inscribed on its walls. They record those for whom no remains could be identified thus no known grave established.
Singapore (Unmaintainable Graves) Memorial
This memorial commemorates over 250 troops killed in action in British Malaya whose graves, whilst known, the Commonwealth War Graves Commission were unable to maintain and whose bodies could not be moved due to religious conviction.
Singapore Cremation Memorial
This memorial is to almost 800 casualties, mostly from Undivided India, who were cremated as part of their religious beliefs.
Singapore Civil Hospital Grave Memorial
At the end of the occupation of the island, wounded civilians and servicemen were brought to the hospital in large numbers. Many of these died and a mass grave was established for more than 400 of the bodies. After the war, rather than disturb the grave in a largely futile attempt to identify any single casualties, a cross was built over the grave and the site was consecrated by the Bishop of Singapore.
Chinese Memorial
This memorial, located further from the Singapore Memorial, is a mass grave for 69 Chinese servicemen serving with the Commonwealth forces who were killed at the start of the occupation.
See also
Kranji State Cemetery
References
External links
Digger History: an unofficial history of the Australian & New Zealand Armed Forces
My Far East – photographs of Kranji War Cemetery
Peter Chou's PBase gallery of the Kranji War Memorial
Petrowiliamus guide to Kranji War Cemetery
Roll of Honour – details of the men buried in Kranji in several databases
1946 establishments in Singapore
Cemeteries in Singapore
Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemeteries in Singapore
Kranji
World War II cemeteries
World War II sites in Singapore
Blades of Thunder 2, also sold as Battle Hawks 2, is a flight simulator game developed by Interactive Visison A/S's Polish studio and published by Summitsoft Entertainment for the Nintendo DS. It was released on April 18, 2006 in North America. It received poor reviews, with GameSpot saying that "There's nothing fun or exciting about flying helicopters in Blades of Thunder II. And considering that's all you do in the game, that's really sad."
References
2006 video games
Combat flight simulators
Helicopter video games
Nintendo DS games
Nintendo DS-only games
Video games developed in Poland
Charles Graux may refer to:
Charles Graux (classicist) (1852–1882), French classicist
Charles Graux (politician) (1837–1910), Belgian politician
Robert Brian Shillinglaw (1 July 1939 – 17 October 2007), also known by the nickname of "Shill", was a Scottish rugby union and professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s and 1960s. They played representative level rugby union (RU) for Scotland, and at club level for Gala RFC, and representative level rugby league (RL) for Other Nationalities, and at club level for Whitehaven, Wigan and Leigh. Shillinglaw served with the King's Own Scottish Borderers.
Playing career
Rugby union
They were capped five times for in 1960–61. They also played for Gala RFC, for whom they played sixty five times, scoring fourteen tries.
Rugby league
Shillinglaw transferred to Whitehaven in 1961. They were then signed by Wigan in 1962 for a transfer fee of £5,500. They went on to score 25 tries in 42 appearances for Wigan. Shillinglaw also played for Leigh.
Shillinglaw represented Other Nationalities (RL) while at Wigan, they played in the 2–19 defeat by St. Helens at Knowsley Road, St. Helens on Wednesday 27 January 1965, to mark the switching-on of new floodlights.
Personal life
Shillinglaw was a bricklayer by trade, and was offered the sum of £5,000 to defect to rugby league for Whitehaven in 1961 (based on increases in average earnings, this would be approximately £233,100 in 2016).
Death
Shillinglaw died aged 68 in Borders General Hospital, Melrose, Scottish Borders.
References
External links
Statistics at wigan.rlfans.com
1939 births
2007 deaths
Gala RFC players
King's Own Scottish Borderers soldiers
Leigh Centurions players
Other Nationalities rugby league team players
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league players from Scottish Borders
Rugby union players from Scottish Borders
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby league players
Scottish rugby union players
Whitehaven R.L.F.C. players
Wigan Warriors players
Matilda Gjergji (born 21 May 2003) is an Albanian footballer who plays as a defender for Vllaznia and the Albania national team.
International career
Gjergji made their debut for the Albania national team on 25 November 2021, coming on as a substitute for Mimoza Hamidi against Norway.
Personal life
Gjergji cites fellow Vllaznia footballer Arbiona Bajraktari as an influence on their football career.
References
2003 births
Living people
Women's association football defenders
Albanian women's footballers
Albania women's international footballers
KFF Vllaznia Shkodër players
Footballers from Shkodër
is a Japanese former competitive figure skater who competed in both singles and pair skating. As a pair skater, they competed with Alexei Tikhonov for Japan. They are two-time Japanese national champions and won the bronze medal at the 1993 NHK Trophy. As a single skater, they competed internationally on the junior and senior levels.
They turned professional in 2000.
Competitive highlights
Singles
1990
Japanese Junior Nationals-2nd
1991
Japanese Junior Nationals-3rd
World Junior Championships-11th
1993
Japanese Junior Nationals-3rd
1994
Japanese Junior Nationals-2nd
1995
Japanese Senior Nationals-7th
1999
1999 Winter Asian Games-7th
Pair skating
(with Alexei Tikhonov for Japan)
References
Pairs on Ice: Kawasaki & Tikhonov
1977 births
Japanese female pair skaters
Japanese female single skaters
Living people
Figure skaters at the 1999 Asian Winter Games
The College of Computing is a college of the Georgia Institute of Technology, a public research university in Atlanta, Georgia. It is divided into four schools: the School of Computer Science, the School of Interactive Computing, the School of Computational Science & Engineering, and the School of Cybersecurity and Privacy. The College of Computing's programs are consistently ranked among the top 10 computing programs in the nation. In 2022, U.S. News & World Report ranked the Computer Science graduate program #6 in the U.S. In 2016, Times Higher Education and the Wall Street Journal ranked the College #5 in the world.
The College of Computing has its roots in the creation of an interdisciplinary Master of Science in Information Science at Georgia Tech in 1964. The college still emphasizes an interdisciplinary focus in the structure of its degree programs, among which is a Bachelor of Science in Computational Media that is offered jointly with Georgia Tech's School of Literature, Media, and Communication in the Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts.
History
Early years
Georgia Tech's College of Computing traces its roots to the establishment of an Information Science degree program established in 1964. In 1963, a group of faculty members led by Dr. Vladimir Slamecka and that included Dr. Vernon Crawford, Dr. Nordiar Waldemar Ziegler, and Dr. William Atchison, noticed an interdisciplinary connection among library science, mathematics, and computer technology. The group drafted an outline for a masters-level program that would combine elements from each of these disciplines. The Georgia Tech administration accepted the plan to establish a Master of Science in Information Science which was first offered in 1964 under the School of Information Science. Dr. Slamecka, who had spearheaded the effort, was named the school's first chair.
In 1970, the school began offering a minor degree program for all Georgia Tech students, and was renamed to the School of Information and Computer Science (ICS). Two years later in 1972, ICS expanded to offer an undergraduate degree for students. It also partnered with Emory University to create a joint graduate program in Biomedical Information and Computer Science, the first partnership of its kind.
In 1979, ICS's first director and primary founder, Dr. Slamecka, retired from the position after 15 years. Dr. Ray Miller, IBM's Assistant Director of Mathematical Sciences, was hired in their place. Under Miller, the School of Information and Computer Science began a trend which began to move away from information science and towards computer science.
College
In John Patrick Crecine's 1988 reorganization of the Institute, the School was broadened as the College of Computing, one of the school's five (and as of 1998, six) colleges. The move toward elevating the school to the status of an academic unit was partly in response to Carnegie Mellon University's creation of their School of Computer Science, and as a result, Georgia Tech was the first university in the United States to have a College of Computing. The school hired its first dean, Peter A. Freeman, in 1990, and further expanded in 2005 with more divisions.
In 2000, successful internet entrepreneur and Tech alum Chris Klaus donated $15 million towards the construction of a new building for the college. At the time of Klaus' contribution, it was the fifth-largest contribution by an individual in Georgia Tech's history. The building was officially opened on October 26, 2006.
Recent history
In February 2007, the divisions were formalized into two schools: the School of Computer Science (SCS) and the School of Interactive Computing (SIC).
In June 2008, College of Computing Dean Richard DeMillo announced plans for their resignation, citing conflicts with Georgia Tech provost and interim president Gary Schuster. DeMillo was temporarily replaced by James D. Foley, a professor in the School of Interactive Computing, until a permanent replacement could be found. On April 9, 2010, Zvi Galil was named the college's new dean.
In March 2010, the division of Computational Science & Engineering (CSE) was also formalized into a school.
The school is involved in DARPA's ADAMS project via the Proactive Discovery of Insider Threats Using Graph Analysis and Learning system.
In May 2013, the school announced that it will offer the first professional Online Master of Science degree in computer science (OMSCS) that can be earned completely through the massive online (MOOC) format in partnership with Udacity. In August 2013, US President Barack Obama praised the school as “a national leader in computer science” that is offering a master's degree in computer science “at a fraction of the cost".
In July 2019, Charles Lee Isbell Jr. took over as dean, replacing Zvi Galil.
In 2020, the School of Cybersecurity and Privacy was founded with Richard DeMillo as its founding chair.
Schools
School of Computational Science & Engineering
School of Computer Science
School of Cybersecurity and Privacy
School of Interactive Computing
Facilities
CODA Building
College of Computing Building
Klaus Advanced Computing Building
Technology Square Research Building
Academics
The College of Computing offers the B.S., including a degree in Computational Media offered as a joint degree with the Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts. It also offers the M.S. and Ph.D. in multiple disciplines, including several offered as joint degrees with other colleges in the university. Graduate certificates are also available.
OMSCS
The Online Master of Science in Computer Science (OMSCS) is a MOOC-based degree program leading to a fully accredited Masters qualification, presented in conjunction with Udacity. A contribution of $2 Million from AT&T has funded the initial development of the program as well as continuing integration of technology.
The program is designed and maintained to present a level of academic challenge entirely equivalent to a traditional MSCS course, with equivalent academic rigor as a founding principle. The estimate of the cost of studying the course is however very different; being in the region of $7,000 for a student completing the Masters course in 2 years: composed of the minimum 10 for graduation 3-credit-hour courses at $510 per course plus $301 enrollment fee per semester for say 6 semesters.
The first semester of study, in Spring 2014, some 400 students were enrolled in the program. In January 2015 some 2,000 students were enrolled in the program. As of Spring 2020, enrollment had risen to over 9,500 students, and the program has produced about 3,500 graduates to date.
Enrollment is accessible without restriction on the basis of citizenship, residence, or visa status, to students from all around the world. However, the vast majority of enrolled students are US citizens. The program does, however, mirror the gender imbalance found in many CS courses, with female students considerably outnumbered.
Research
The College of Computing is the third-highest of Georgia Tech's six colleges (behind the larger and older College of Engineering and College of Sciences) in research awards, with 139 proposals worth $93,737,529 resulting in 119 awards worth $14,579,392 in 2006.
There are several organizations tied to or within the College of Computing that are primarily dedicated to research. These include several research groups and labs. Other research-related organizations include:
GVU Center, which is primarily dedicated to computer graphics and human-computer interaction
Center for Experimental Research in Computer Systems, which focuses on hardware aspects of computer science
Georgia Tech Algorithms and Randomness Center ThinkTank
Center for Research into Novel Computing Hierarchies
Machine Learning at Georgia Tech
Affiliated Research Institutes
Institute for People and Technology
Institute for Robotics and Intelligent Machines
Institute for Information Security and Privacy
Institute for Data Engineering and Science
Student life and community
The College of Computing has numerous student organizations which help build a community within the college. These organizations include:
Anime O-Tekku
Association for Computing Machinery
Entertainment Software Producers
Freshmen Mentoring Program
Minorities @ CC
Student Activities Board
The FIREwall
Undergraduate Council
Upsilon Pi Epsilon
Women @ CC
Tech Entrepreneurs Society
Alumni
See also
GVU Center
Institute for Personal Robots in Education
Sony Toshiba IBM Center of Competence for the Cell Processor
Center for Robotics and Intelligent Machines
References
External links
Official website
College of Computing
Information schools
Computer science departments in the United States
Educational institutions established in 1964
1964 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
The Collins Ferry Historic District encompasses two historic farmsteads, as well as a mill and ferry site on the Staunton River in rural northern Halifax County, Virginia, west of Brookneal. The district covers , extending south from the river roughly to Bull Creek Road, and westward from the mouth of Buffalo Creek, which roughly bisects the district. The Collins Farm, which is located at the end of McKeever's Trail, includes one of Halifax County's best-preserved Federal style plantation houses, built c. 1810 and located on a bluff overlooking the creek. The Collins Farm includes 19th century farm outbuildings, the family cemetery, a mill site along the river, and the site where stones for the mill's construction and grinding stones were quarried. The Hubbard Farm is located south and east of the Collins Farm, and is accessed via a private drive that forms part of the historic road leading to Collins Ferry. Hubbard Farm includes a Greek Revival farmhouse built in 1856, and also includes 19th century outbuildings, a family cemetery, and the remains of a slave quarters.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Halifax County, Virginia
References
Historic districts in Halifax County, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Halifax County, Virginia
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Slave cabins and quarters in the United States
Denis of Portugal (Portuguese: 'Dinis' or 'Diniz' ), occasionally surnamed Castro (1353 – ), was an infante of Portugal. They were the son of Portuguese King Peter I and a Galician noblewoman named Inês de Castro who had arrived in Portugal as a maid of princess Constance of Castile, recently married to Pedro I (Heir Prince at the time).
History
Considering Denis an Infante of Portugal is a debatable subject. Some historians consider them a natural son of Peter I, so the title Infante of Portugal could never be attributed to him. Other opinions refer that after the death of Inês de Castro, ordered by Pedro's father King Afonso IV of Portugal, the Prince after inheriting the throne admitted that they had married Inês secretly, and because of that they were a lawful Queen of Portugal.
After the death of their mother Denis left Portugal to Castile with their brother but during the 1383–85 Crisis they were one of the claimants to the throne along with Beatrice of Portugal (his niece), John, Master of Aviz (his half-brother) and John (his brother).
Although they managed to be acclaimed King in the city of Santarém their connections with Castile eventually lost them the throne and at the time of the Battle of Aljubarrota they were already out of the country like their brother John.
Family
They married in 1372 Joan of Castile, 2nd? Lady of Cifuentes, born c. 1360, illegitimate daughter of Henry II of Castile by Juana, 1st? Lady of Cifuentes, born c. 1340, from whom they had two sons and a daughter:
Fernando de Portugal, 3rd? Lord of Cifuentes and Comendador of Oreja (born c. 1380), married firstly to María de Torres, 5th Lady of Villardompardo (1400 – Jaén), and had issue now extinct in male line, and married secondly to Aldara Osorio (born c. 1390), and had issue now extinct in male line
Pedro de Portugal, 1st Lord of Colmenarejo (born c. 1385), married to Isabel Enríquez (born c. 1390), and had issue now extinct in male line
Beatriz de Portugal (died 1470), unmarried and without issue
They died in about 1403.
Ancestry
Citations
References
1354 births
1397 deaths
Burials in Extremadura
Portuguese infantes
House of Burgundy-Portugal
People from Coimbra
People of the 1383–1385 Portuguese interregnum
14th-century Portuguese people
Sons of kings
Yasuharu (written: , , , , or ) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese Paralympic swimmer
, Japanese film director
, Japanese golfer
, Japanese musician
, Japanese footballer and manager
, Japanese figure skater
, Japanese footballer and manager
, Japanese anime composer
, Japanese daimyō
Japanese masculine given names
Gerald Perry (born November 12, 1964) is a former American football offensive tackle who played eight seasons in the National Football League (NFL). They started in Super Bowl XXIV for the Denver Broncos. They were a star basketball player in high school, winning the honor of the state's Mr. Basketball in 1983 as a center for Dreher High School.
On December 27, 1989 Perry was convicted of soliciting a prostitute, and was sentenced to 15 days imprisonment. They were injured in a shooting in 2009.
References
1964 births
Living people
American football offensive tackles
Denver Broncos players
Los Angeles Raiders players
Los Angeles Rams players
Northwest Mississippi Rangers football players
Oakland Raiders players
Southern Jaguars football players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Basketball players from Columbia, South Carolina
Players of American football from Columbia, South Carolina
Endo-polygalacturonase (EC 3.2.1.15, pectin depolymerase, pectolase, pectin hydrolase, and poly-α-1,4-galacturonide glycanohydrolase; systematic name (1→4)-α-D-galacturonan glycanohydrolase (endo-cleaving)) is an enzyme that hydrolyzes the α-1,4 glycosidic bonds between galacturonic acid residues:
(1,4-α-D-galacturonosyl)n+m + H2O = (1,4-α-D-galacturonosyl)n + (1,4-α-D-galacturonosyl)m
Polygalacturonan, whose major component is galacturonic acid, is a significant carbohydrate component of the pectin network that comprises plant cell walls. Therefore, the activity of the endogenous plant PGs works to soften and sweeten fruit during the ripening process. Similarly, phytopathogens use PGs as a means to weaken the pectin network, so that digestive enzymes can be excreted into the plant host to acquire nutrients.
Structure
This enzyme's multiple parallel β sheets form a helical shape that is called a β helix. This highly stable structure, thanks to numerous hydrogen bonds and disulfide bonds between strands, is a common characteristic of enzymes involved in the degradation of pectin. The interior of the β helix is hydrophobic.
X-ray crystallography has been used to determine the three-dimensional structure of several PGs in different organisms. Fungal PGs from Colletotrichum lupini, Aspergillus aculeatus, and Aspergillus niger (PG1 and PG2) have been crystallized. The PGs from bacteria like Erwinia carotovora and Bacillus subtilis have also been crystallized.
The active site of Fusarium moniliforme PG comprises six charged amino acid residues: H188, R267, and K269 are involved in substrate binding, D212 (a general acid) is responsible for proton donation to the glycosydic oxygen, and D213 and D191 activate H2O for a nucleophilic attack.
Mechanism
Polygalacturonase is a pectinase, an enzyme that degrades pectin by hydrolyzing the O-glycosyl bonds in pectin's polygalacturonan network, resulting in α-1,4-polygalacturonic residues. The rate of hydrolysis is dependent on polysaccharide chain length. Low rates of hydrolysis are associated with very short chains (e.g. digalacturonic acid) and very long chains.
Exo- vs Endo-polygalacturonases
Exo- and Endo-polygalacturonases utilize different hydrolytic modes of action. Endo-polygalacturonases hydrolyze in a random fashion along the polygalacturonan network. This method results in oligogalacturonides. Exo-polygalacturonases hydrolyze at the non-reducing end of the polymer, generating a monosaccharide galacturonic acid. Occasionally, organisms employ both methods. In addition to different modes of action, polygalacturonases polymorphism allows fungal polygalacturonases to more effectively degrade a wider range of plant tissues. PG variety in optimal pH, substrate specificity, and other factors are likely helpful for phytopathogenic organisms like fungi.
Agricultural relevance
Due to the applicability of this enzyme's activity on agricultural productivity and commercial success, much of the research on PGs has revolved around the role of PGs in the fruit ripening process, pollen, and abscission.
Pectin is one of the three polysaccharides present in the plant cell wall, and it plays a role in maintaining the barrier between the inside and outside environment and gives strength to the plant cell walls. Specifically, pectin in the middle lamella holds neighboring cells together.
Fruit ripening
The first GM food available in stores was a genetically modified tomato (also known as Flavr Savr) that had a longer shelf life and was ideal for shipping. Its delayed ripening was achieved by preventing polygalacturonase from destroying pectin, which makes tomatoes firm. An antisense PG gene was introduced, preventing polygalacturonase from ripening and softening the tomato. Although this method has been shown to reduce PG enzymatic activity by 70 to 90%, the PG antisense RNA did not hinder normal color development.
Depolymerization of pectin is largely involved in the later stages of fruit ripening, especially as the fruit becomes overripe. While tomatoes are the prime example of high PG activity, this enzyme is also very active in avocado and peach ripening. PG enzymes in peach, two exo-PGs and one endo-PG, become active when the fruit is already soft.
Fruits like persimmons may either lack PG enzymes or have very low levels of PG and as such they have not been detected yet. In these cases, other enzymes may catalyze the ripening process.
Pollen
Exo-PGs play a role in enabling pollen tube elongation since pectin rearrangement is necessary for the growth of pollen tubes. This PG activity has been found in grasses like maize as well as in trees, particularly in the Eastern cottonwood. Exo-PGs involved in pollen tube growth need Ca2+ for maximal enzymatic activity and can be inhibited by high concentrations of NaCl, citrate, and EDTA.
Abscission zones
It is largely unclear whether PGs play a role in facilitating abscission in certain plants, and if they do, whether they are exo- or endo-acting. Conflicting research has been published on, for example, whether PG is involved in citrus fruit abscission. One particular issue has been the usage of assays that are not able to measure exo-PG activity. An additional complication is the difference in PG enzymatic activity between fruit and leaf cell-separation zones. In peach, PG activity was only detected in fruit abscission zones.
Other
Agricultural pests like Lygus hesperus damage cotton and other crops because they secrete PGs in their saliva that digest plant tissue. They employ both exo- and endo-PGs.
Inhibition
Phytopathogenic fungi expose plant cell walls to cell wall degrading enzymes (CWDEs) like PGs.
In response, most plants have natural inhibitor proteins that slow the hydrolytic activity of PG. These inhibitors also prompt long chain oligogalacturonide accumulation in order to encourage a defense mechanism against the attack. The polygalacturonase inhibitor proteins (PGIPs) are leucine-rich repeat proteins that have been reported to demonstrate both
non-competitive and competitive inhibition of PGs. The active site of PG interacts with a pocket containing multiple polar amino acids in Phaseolus vulgaris PGIP2. The inhibitor prevents substrate binding by occupying the active site, resulting in competitive inhibition.
The crystal structures for PGIP and PGIP2 have been determined for the bean P. vulgaris. The charged and polar residues that interact with the PG active site have been identified in P. vulgaris as D131, S133, T155, D157, T180, and D203. Using PGIP2 as a template, the theoretical structures of other PGIPs have been determined for some other common crops.
References
External links
PG & PGIP Structural Database
Pectinase Database
EC 3.2.1
The Northern river reversal or Siberian river reversal was an ambitious project to divert the flow of the Northern rivers in the Soviet Union, which "uselessly" drain into the Arctic Ocean, southwards towards the populated agricultural areas of Central Asia, which lack water.
Research and planning work on the project started in the 1930s and was carried out on a large scale in the 1960s through the early 1980s. The controversial project was abandoned in 1986, primarily for environmental reasons, without much actual construction work ever done.
Development of the river rerouting projects
The project to turn Siberian rivers goes back to the 1830s, when tsarist surveyor Alexander Shrenk proposed it when the big canal engineering projects were conceived (i.e. the Suez and Panama canals).
The project of turning some of the flow of the northern rivers to the south was discussed, on a smaller scale, in the 1930s. In November 1933, a special conference of the USSR Academy of Sciences approved a plan for a "reconstruction of the Volga and its basin", which included the diversion into the Volga of some of the waters of the Pechora and the Northern Dvina – two rivers in the north of European Russia that flow into the seas of the Arctic Ocean. Research in that direction was then conducted by the Hydroproject, the dam and canal institute led by Sergey Yakovlevich Zhuk. Some design plans were developed by Zhuk's institute, but without much publicity or actual construction work.
In January 1961, several years after Zhuk's death, Nikita Khrushchev presented a memo by Zhuk and another engineer, G. Russo, about the river rerouting plan to the Central Committee of the CPSU. Despite the ousting of Khrushchev in 1964, talks about the projects of turning the major rivers Pechora, Tobol, Ishim, Irtysh, and Ob resumed in the late 1960s.
About 120 institutes and agencies participated in the impact study coordinated by the Academy of Sciences; a dozen conferences were held on the matter. The promoters of the project claimed that extra food production due to the availability of Siberian water for irrigation in Central Asia could provide food for about 200,000,000 people.
The plans involved not only irrigation, but also the replenishing of the shrinking Aral Sea and Caspian Sea.
In the 1970s construction started to divert the Pechora River through the Kama River toward the Volga and the Caspian Sea in the south-west of Russia. In 1971, at a meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna, the Soviets disclosed information about earthworks on the route of the Pechora–Kama Canal using detonations of three 15-kiloton nuclear devices spaced apart, claiming negligible radioactive fallout. However, no further construction work, nuclear or otherwise, was conducted on that canal.
It was estimated that 250 more nuclear detonations would have been required to complete the levelling for the channel if the procedure had been continued. Pollution on the surface was found to be manageable. In the US, expert opinion was divided with some endorsing this project. The physicist Glenn Werth, of the University of California's Lawrence Livermore Laboratory, stated that it was "both safe and economical". Others feared climatic cooling from reduced river water flow, while others thought that increased salinity would melt ice and cause warming. Further work on this irrigation canal was soon stopped.
In the 1980s at least 12 of the Arctic Ocean-bound rivers were proposed to be redirected to the south. At that time it was estimated that an additional freeze-up would occur (delaying the spring thaw) and cut the brief northern growing season by two weeks, if 37.8 billion extra cubic meters of water were returned annually to the European side of Russia and 60 billion cubic meters in Siberia. The adverse effect of climatic cooling was greatly feared and contributed much to the opposition at that time, and the scheme was not taken up. Severe problems were feared from the thick ice expected to remain well past winter in the proposed reservoirs. It was also feared that the prolonged winter weather would cause an increase in spring winds and reduce vital rains. More disturbing, some scientists cautioned that if the Arctic Ocean was not replenished by fresh water, it would get saltier and its freezing point would drop, and the sea ice would begin to melt, possibly starting a global warming trend. Other scientists feared that the opposite might occur: as the flow of warmer fresh water would be reduced, the polar ice might expand. A British climatologist Michael Kelly warned of other consequences: changes in polar winds and currents might reduce rainfall in the regions benefiting from the river redirection.
Criticism of the project and its abandonment
In 1986 a resolution "On the Cessation of the Work on the Partial Flow Transfer of Northern and Siberian Rivers" was passed by the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the CPSU, which halted the discussion on this matter for more than a decade. The Soviet Union and then Russia have continued these studies with the other regional powers weighing the costs and benefits of turning Siberia's rivers back to the south and using the redirected water in Russia and Central Asian countries plus neighbouring regions of China for agriculture, household and industrial use, and perhaps also for rehabilitating water inflow to the Aral Sea.
According to Alexey Yablokov, President of the NGO Centre for Russian Environmental Policy, 5–7% redirection of the Ob's water could lead to long-lasting changes in the climate of the Arctic and elsewhere in Russia, and they oppose these changes to the environment affected by Siberian water redirections to the south. Despite the increase in Siberian rainfall, the redirection has become highly politicised, and Yaroslav Ishutin, director of the Altai Krai Regional Department of Natural Resources and the Environment, claims that the Ob has no water to spare and that Siberia's water resources are threatened.
Calls for resumption of the project
In the early 21st century interest on this Siberian "water return" project was again resumed and the Central Asian states (President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan, President Islam Karimov of Uzbekistan as well as the Presidents of Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan) held an informal summit with Russia and China to discuss the project. These proposals met with an enthusiastic response from one of Russia's most influential politicians at the time, Moscow mayor Yury Luzhkov.
See also
Water export
Coastal reservoir
Chicago River reversal
Great construction projects of communism, other ambitious Soviet projects
Great Plan for the Transformation of Nature
Indian Rivers Inter-link – commonly known as the Garland Canal project; a proposed project that aims to connect the perennial rivers of northern India with the seasonally-dry rivers of southern India; for the purposes of water supply and flood control.
Irtysh–Karamay–Ürümqi Canal
North American Water and Power Alliance
South–North Water Transfer Project
References
Canals in Kazakhstan
Canals in Russia
Cancelled projects
Economy of Siberia
Economy of the Soviet Union
Abandoned interbasin transfer
Irrigation in Russia
Irrigation in Kazakhstan
Proposed canals
Proposals in the Soviet Union
Obrov may refer to:
Obrov, Montenegro
Obrov, Hrpelje-Kozina, Slovenia
Cormac O'Brien (born 2001) is an Irish hurler who plays as a defender for club side Newtownshandrum and at inter-county level with the Cork senior hurling team.
Career
O'Brien first came to prominence at juvenile and underage levels with the Newtownshandrum club before joining the club's senior team in 2019. As a schoolboy at CBS Charleville they also lined out in various hurling competitions including the Harty Cup. O'Brien first appeared on the inter-county scene as a wing-back on the Cork under-17 team that won the one-off All-Ireland Under-17 Championship in 2017. A year with the Cork minor team followed before they won consecutive All-Ireland Under-20 Championships in 2020 and as team captain in 2021. O'Brien joined the Cork senior hurling team as a member of the extended training panel in 2021 and made their debut in the National League against Limerick.
Career statistics
Honours
Cork
All-Ireland Under-20 Hurling Championship: 2020, 2021 (c)
Munster Under-20 Hurling Championship : 2020, 2021 (c)
All-Ireland Under-17 Hurling Championship: 2017
Munster Under-17 Hurling Championship: 2017
References
2001 births
Living people
Newtownshandrum hurlers
Cork inter-county hurlers
Edmund Charles Tarbell (April 26, 1862August 1, 1938) was an American Impressionist painter. A member of the Ten American Painters, their work hangs in the Boston Museum of Fine Arts, Metropolitan Museum of Art, National Gallery of Art, Smithsonian American Art Museum, Corcoran Gallery of Art, DeYoung Museum, National Academy Museum and School, New Britain Museum of American Art, Worcester Art Museum, and numerous other collections. They were a leading member of a group of painters which came to be known as the Boston School.
Early life and education
Edmund C. Tarbell was born in the Asa Tarbell House, which stands beside the Squannacook River in West Groton, Massachusetts. Their father, Edmund Whitney Tarbell, died in 1863 after contracting typhoid fever while serving in the Civil War. Their mother, Mary Sophia (Fernald) Tarbell, remarried a shoemaking-machine manufacturer. Young "Ned" (as they were nicknamed) and their older sister, Nellie Sophia, were left to be raised by their paternal grandparents in Groton, a frontier town during the French and Indian Wars that the early Tarbell family helped settle.
As a youth, Tarbell took evening art lessons from George H. Bartlett at the Massachusetts Normal Art School. Between 1877 and 1880, they apprenticed at the Forbes Lithographic Company in Boston. In 1879, they entered the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, studying under Otto Grundmann. They matriculated in the same class with Robert Lewis Reid and Frank Weston Benson, two other future members of the Ten American Painters.
Tarbell was encouraged to continue their education in Paris, France, then center of the art world. Consequently, in 1883 they entered the Académie Julian to study under Gustave Boulanger and Jules Joseph Lefebvre. Paris exposed them to rigorous academic training, which invariably included copying Old Master paintings at the Louvre, but also to the Impressionist movement then sweeping the city's galleries. That duality would inform their work. In 1884, Tarbell's education included a Grand Tour to Italy, and the following year to Italy, Belgium, Germany and Brittany.
Tarbell returned to Boston in 1886, where they began their career as an illustrator, private art instructor and portrait painter.
Marriage and family
Two years after returning to Boston, Tarbell married Emeline Arnold Souther, an art student and daughter of a prominent Dorchester family. Preferring to work from posed models, Tarbell often painted those immediately at hand—his wife, four children (Josephine, Mercie, Mary and Edmund Arnold Tarbell), and grandchildren. The paintings illustrate their lives.
While teaching at the Museum School in Boston, Tarbell and their family lived from 1886 until 1906 in the Ashmont section of Dorchester, the house belonging to their stepfather, David Frank Hartford. Then they lived on Commonwealth Avenue in Boston at the Hotel Somerset, located beside The Fens and not far from their atelier in the Fenway Studios on Ipswich Street.
In 1905, they bought as a summer residence a Greek Revival house in New Castle, New Hampshire, an island on the Atlantic coast. Tarbell built their studio perched on the bank of the Piscataqua River, ambling there each morning along gardens of peonies, iris and hollyhocks. Through their north-facing wall of glass they could sketch sailboats as they tacked the busy shipping channel between Portsmouth and the ocean. They were an early and avid proponent of the Colonial Revival movement, collecting American antiques (back when most were considered used furniture) and arranging them with Chinese ceramics, Japanese prints and other objets d'art as studio props. Tarbell also collected salvaged architectural elements; their studio's facade featured a Federal fanlight doorway. In the new living room added to the main house, they installed a Georgian mantelpiece attributed to Ebenezer Dearing (1730–1791), a master Portsmouth ship woodcarver. The Tarbells eventually would retire to New Castle.
Career
In 1889, Tarbell assumed the position of their former mentor, Otto Grundmann, at the Museum School, where they were a popular teacher. They gave pupils a solid academic art training: before they learned to paint, they had to render from plaster casts of classical statues. Their students included Bertha Coolidge, Margaret Fitzhugh Browne, Marie Danforth Page, F. Luis Mora, Marguerite Stuber Pearson, and Lilian Westcott Hale. So pervasive was their influence on Boston painting that their followers were dubbed "The Tarbellites."
But in 1912, the Museum of Fine Arts hired Huger Elliott from the Rhode Island School of Design as Supervisor of Educational Work, charged with reorganizing the Museum School, which until then managed its own affairs. An upheaval ensued. They lectured Tarbell how to teach, then how to paint. Tarbell was incensed, making it no secret that they considered Elliott artistically inept. In December, Tarbell resigned together with Frank W. Benson, their friend and fellow instructor. The men in 1913 discussed founding a society to encourage art and artists in the city. With financial backing from Lilla Cabot Perry, painter and affluent Brahmin, The Guild of Boston Artists opened in 1914. Tarbell was its first president, serving through 1924.
In 1918, Tarbell was hired as principal of the art school at the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C., a position they held until 1926. But the Museum of Fine Arts wanted them back at the Museum School, appointing them in 1925 as Chairman of the Advisory Council. For two years they promoted and oversaw construction of the school's new building designed by Guy Lowell. In 1930, however, the school asked Augustus John to recommend English artists as instructors. Tarbell and Benson, advocates of indigenous talent, would again resign.
Works
Their 1891 plein air painting entitled In the Orchard established their reputation as an artist. It depicts their wife with their siblings at leisure. Tarbell became famous for impressionistic, richly hued images of figures in landscapes. Their later work shows the influence of Johannes Vermeer, the 17th-century Dutch painter. In such works, Tarbell typically portrays figures in genteel Colonial Revival interiors; these studies of light and tone are executed with restrained brushwork and color.
Tarbell painted portraits of many notable individuals, including industrialist Henry Clay Frick, Yale University President Timothy Dwight V, and U.S. presidents Woodrow Wilson, Calvin Coolidge, and Herbert Hoover. Their work was also part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1932 Summer Olympics.
Honors and legacy
Tarbell won many art prizes and medals, an honorary doctorate from Dartmouth College in 1929, and served as juror of painting at the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition, the 1915 Panama–Pacific International Exposition, and the 1926 Sesquicentennial Exposition.
They were elected a full member of the National Academy of Design in 1906, and a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1927.
Tarbell's funeral service was held in Boston at King's Chapel, their obituary reading: "Great American Painter Dies," The Boston Traveler, August 3, 1938;
Edmund Tarbell contributed to America's place in the world of art. To them and their work Europe turned its eyes in admiration, as did the whole people in America. Tarbell's works were honest works. In them was none of the transient sensationalism which brought notoriety to others. Tarbell canvases will be speaking to the world centuries from now. Their character was as true as their art.
Sampling of paintings
1890 – Three Sisters
1890 – Woman in White
1891 – A Girl Sewing in an Orchard
1891 – In the Orchard
1892 – Girl with Horse
1892–3 – The Bath
1893 – Mother and Child in Pine Woods
1893 – A Summer Idyll
1893 – An Amethyst
1894 – Arrangement in Pink and Gray
Awarded the 1894 First Hallgarten Prize by the National Academy
1896 – Girl's Head and Shoulders
1897 – Girl in Pink and Green
1898 – Blue Veil
1899 – My Family at Cotuit
1899 – Across the Room
1900 – A Sketch
1902 – Schooling the Horses
1904 – Girl Crocheting
1904 – By the River (Riverbank)
1904 – Summer Breeze
1905 – A Girl Mending
1906 – Arthur Hunnewell
1906–7 – Girls Reading
1907 – Preparing for the Matinee
1907 – New England Interior
1907 – Josephine and Mercie
1909 – Girl Reading
1909 – Piscataqua River
1910 – A Girl Mending
1910 – Henry Clay Frick and Helen Clay Frick
1911 – My Children in the Woods
1911 – Woman with Corsage
1912 – Mercie Cutting Flowers
1912 – Dreamer
1913 – Reverie
1914 – Young Girl Studying
1914 – My Family
1916 – Nell and Elinor
1919 – Mary and the Venus
1922 – Mother and Mary
1926 – Peonies and Iris
1928 – Marjorie and Little Edmund
Gallery
References
External links
Edmund C. Tarbell and the Ideas of the "Boston School", Guild of Boston Artists lecture
1862 births
1938 deaths
19th-century American painters
American male painters
20th-century American painters
American Impressionist painters
American portrait painters
Artists from Boston
Artists from New Hampshire
Académie Julian alumni
National Academy of Design members
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
People from Groton, Massachusetts
American expatriates in France
Boston School (painting)
People from New Castle, New Hampshire
19th-century American male artists
Olympic competitors in art competitions
20th-century American male artists
Gabriel Cevallos García (Cuenca, January 6, 1913 - March 16, 2004) was an Ecuadorian writer, historian, professor, and philosopher.
They were the rector of the University of Cuenca from 1964 to 1968 and founder, professor, and dean of the Faculty of Philosophy and Letters of the university.
They taught for some years at the University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez, where they settled in 1969 to work as a teacher. They were a member of the Ecuadorian Academy of Language and the National Academy of History.
They were awarded the Ecuadorian National Prize in Literature "Premio Eugenio Espejo" in 1988 by the President of Ecuador.
They died at the age of 91 in Tampa, Florida.
Works
Reflexiones sobre la historia del Ecuador
Teoría del descubrimiento de América
De aquí y de allá
Ensayo sobre arte
Pensamiento histórico ecuatoriano
References
1913 births
2004 deaths
Ecuadorian male writers
In molecular biology the nematode Her-1 protein is a protein which adopts an all-helical structure with two subdomains: amino acids 19-80 comprise a left-handed three-helix bundle with an overhand connection between the second and third helices, whilst amino acids 81-164 comprise a left-handed anti-parallel four-helix bundle in which the first helix consists of four consecutive turns of 3-10-helix. Fourteen cysteines are conserved in all known HER-1 sequences and form seven disulphide bonds. The protein dictates male development in Caenorhabditis elegans, probably by playing a direct role in cell signalling during C. elegans sex determination. It also inhibits the function of tra-2a.
References
Protein domains
Yakusoku (約束 / Promise) is the twenty-sixth single by the Japanese hip-hop group Lead, and was the final single before the release of their studio album The Showcase (2016). It performed well on Oricon at #5 and remained on the charts for two weeks.
The single was released as a standard CD and three limited edition versions, two of which were CD+DVD combos, each carrying different content. While all editions contained the b-side "Always Love", each of the limited editions harbored differing bonus tracks. The CD+DVD editions not only contained different content on the CD portions, but also carried different content on the DVD portions.
Information
Yakusoku is the twenty-sixth single released by the Japanese hip-hop group Lead. It was their final single before their seventh studio album, The Showcase, which was released the following year on June 8. It charted well on the Oricon Singles Charts at #5 for the week, and remained on the charts for two consecutive weeks.
The single was released in four editions, a standard CD, a limited edition CD and two limited edition CD+DVD combo packs. The regular edition contained the title track, the coupling track "Always Love" - which was available on all versions - and their corresponding instrumentals. The limited type A CD+DVD version harbored the two tracks, the bonus track "Wake me up" and the accompanying instrumentals. The DVD portion housed the music video for "Yakusoku" and the off-shot making video. The limited type B CD+DVD editions contained the two regular tracks and the bonus track "Moonlight Shower" (ムーンライトシャワー / MUUNRAITO SHAWAA), along with their instrumentals. The DVD portion contained the dance version of "Yakusoku" and the behind-the-scenes footage of the photo shoot for the different single covers. The limited Type C version contained the two standard tracks, the bonus track "Cross Over" (stylized as CROSS OVER) and the songs' corresponding instrumentals.
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
Lead Official Site
2015 singles
2015 songs
Japanese-language songs
Pony Canyon singles
Lead (band) songs
was a Japanese playwright and editor of a literary journal. Hasegawa was the only woman to be featured in three volumes of the Meiji bungaku zenshū ("Collected works of Meiji literature"), a collection published by Chikuma Shobō, and they had the title joryū bundan no ōgosho ("great writer of the woman's literary community'"); Barbara Hartley, author of "The space of childhood memories: Hasegawa Shigure and Old Nihonbashi," cited these facts when describing Hasegawa as "a major literary figure" of the era prior to World War II.
Hartley wrote that "Shigure's work has been largely overlooked in English-language scholarship" and that this may have been due to a perception that they supported militaristic elements that existed in Japan before World War II.
Them family members; second husband, Mikami Otokichi (三上 於菟吉); and good friends, including Onoe Kikugorō VI (六代目 尾上 菊五郎); all called them O-Yatchan.
Early life
They were born as Hasegawa Yasu (長谷川 ヤス) in Tōriabura-chō in Nihonbashi; Tōriabura-chō is currently a part of Ōdenma-chō. Them parents were merchants; their mother came from a hatamoto family, while their father practiced law and was one of the first to do so in a modern manner in Japan. They were the oldest child and had two brothers and four sisters. Them work Old Tale Nihonbashi documents their childhood. They received exposure to literature through a live-in apprentice even though their mother opposed education for girls.
For a period Hasegawa worked in the service of a nobleperson. Them father forced them to marry at age 19. Hartley wrote that the forcing of the marriage was a "bitter" and that it "further heightened Shigure's sense of the social injustices visited upon women." Them first husband was the second son of a business person who owned a mining company.
They began writing around the time of their first marriage. Hartley stated that Hasegawa became the era's first "acknowledged" female kabuki playwright in 1905. In 1914 they began caring for the son of one of their brothers, Toratarō; the boy's name was Hitoshi. In 1915 Hasegawa began providing financial support for their family after the failure of their mother's businesses and the decline of their father's reputation due to having an involvement in a business scandal described by Hartley as "peripheral". In 1916 they met Mikami Otokichi (三上 於菟吉), who became their second husband. They wrote serial fiction. Hasegawa's father died in 1918. In 1919 they and Mikami began living together as part of a common law marriage.
In 1923 Hasegawa and Okada Yachiyo (岡田 八千代) began efforts to establish a literary magazine which was launched in 1928. The journal was named Nyonin geijutsu ("Women and the Arts"). The funds came from Mikami's royalties; they had suggested buying Hasegawa a diamond ring but they asked instead to give them 20,000 yen so they could establish the magazine. Hartley wrote that Hasegawa was the "principal moving force" behind this journal.
Writing style
Hasegawa's plays were written for kabuki stages. Rebecca L. Copeland, editor of Woman Critiqued: Translated Essays on Japanese Women's Writing, stated that these plays "resisted clichéd tragic endings and featured heros who strove for self-fulfillment and independence."
M. Cody Poulton, the author of A Beggar's Art: Scripting Modernity in Japanese Drama, 1900-1930, wrote that Tamotsu Watanabe (渡辺 保 Watanabe Tamotsu), a critic of kabuki works, had "expressed their shock at how dark Shigure's modern plays were".
Works
Plays:
Chōji midare ("Wavering traces", 1911) - Translated into English in 1996
Tegona (1941) - It is a lyrical one act play. In the play, based on a legend, a woman encounters two men who wish to marry her, but they choose to kill herself. According to Poulton, it "is more typical of Shigure's kabuki plays." Mori Ōgai's The Ikuta River (生田川 Ikutagawa) is derived from the same legend that this play is derived from.
Other works:
Old Tale Nihonbashi
Hasegawa Shigure wrote a fictionalized biography of Tazawa Inabune as part of Shuntaiki—Meiji Taishō josei shō ("A springtime account—Portraits of women of Meiji and Taishō"), a seven-part series that was serialized in Tokyo Asahi. Melek Ortabasi, author of "Tazawa Inabune (1874-1896)", wrote that compared to the Yomiuri Shimbun series about Inabune, this was "more sympathetic".
Collections:
Hasegawa, Shigure. Hasegawa Shigure zenshū. In five volumes. Tokyo: Fuji shuppan, 1993.
References
Hartley, Barbara. "The space of childhood memories: Hasegawa Shigure and Old Nihonbashi." Japan Forum, Volume 25, Issue 3 (Special Issue: NYONIN GEIJUTSU), 2013. p. 314–330. Published online on July 2, 2013. DOI: 10.1080/09555803.2013.804109.
Tanaka, Yukiko. Women Writers of Meiji and Taisho Japan: Their Lives, Works and Critical Reception, 1868-1926. McFarland & Company, September 1, 2000. , 9780786481972.
Notes
Further reading
English:
Kano, Ayoko. Acting Like a Woman in Modern Japan: Theater, Gender, and Nationalism. New York: Palgrave, 2001.
Japanese:
Ikuta, Hanayo. Ichiyō to Shigure—denki: Higuchi Ichiyō/Hasegawa Shigure denki sōsho. Tokyo: Ōzorasha, 1992.
Inoue, Yoshie. "Hasegawa Shigure Aru hi no gogo." In: Nihon kindai engekishi kenkyūkai, 20-seiki no gikyoku. 1:121-122.
Iwahashi, Kunie (岩橋 邦枝 Iwahashi Kunie). Hyōden: Hasegawa Shigure. Tokyo: Chikuma shobō, 1993.
Ogata, Akiko. Nyonin geijutsu no sekai—Hasegawa Shigure to sono shūhen. Tokyo: Domesu shuppan, 1980.
Ogata, Akiko. Kaguyaku no jidai—Hasegawa Shigure to sono shūhen. Tokyo: Domesu shuppan, 1993.
Ogata Akiko. "Watarikiranu hashi—Hasegawa Shigure, sono sei to sakuhin." In: Ogata, Akiko et al (editors). Feminizumi hihyō e no shōtai: Kindai josei bungaku o yomu. Gakugei shorin, 1995. Start p. 101.
Watanabe, Tamotsu. "Kaisetsu: kannō to zetsubō." In: Hasegawa, Shigure. Jōnetsu no onna: Kindai josei sakka senshū. Yumani shobō, 2000. 28:6.
External links
長谷川 時雨 - Aozora Bunko
Japanese women writers
1879 births
1941 deaths
Japanese dramatists and playwrights
The 2015–16 Eredivisie Vrouwen was the sixth season of the Netherlands women's professional football league, and the first season since 2011–12. The Eredivisie returned after a three-season period, when it was replaced by the BeNe League, which involved teams from the Netherlands and Belgium. The season took place from 21 August 2015 to 20 May 2016 with seven teams. FC Twente won its second Eredivisie title and became Dutch champions for a fourth consecutive year (including the BeNe League period).
Teams
Since the Eredivisie last edition (in 2011–12), VVV-Venlo and FC Utrecht no longer had women's teams, while Ajax and PSV, both established women's teams in 2012, made their debut in the league alongside ADO Den Haag, SC Heerenveen, Telstar, FC Twente and PEC Zwolle which all returned to the Eredivisie.
Source: Soccerway
Format
The seven teams play each other four times (twice home and twice away). The champion qualifies to the UEFA Women's Champions League. There is no relegation system in place.
Standings
Results
Season's first half
Season's second half
Top scorers
References
External links
Season on soccerway.com
Ned
1
2015-16
See also
List of Indiana state parks
List of U.S. National Forests
External links
Official website for Indiana Department of Natural Resources
Official magazine from the Indiana Department of Natural Resources
State
Indiana
Lakes
Marie-Agnès Courty is a French geologist of the CNRS who works at the European Centre for Prehistoric Research, in Tautavel (Pyrénées-Orientales).
They have theorised that the impact of an object (asteroid or comet) of around 1 km in diameter hit the Earth, in the Southern Hemisphere close to the Kerguelen Islands around 4000 years ago (around 2350 BC). This cataclysm led to a great deal of incandescent material, which could explain myths such as the Apocalypse and Sodom and Gomorrah. They arrived at this conclusion after discovering pockets of earth dating from this era that had been heated to more than 1500 °C in a number of areas, notably in Syria and France. A series of chevrons point toward a spot in the middle of the Indian Ocean where newly discovered Burckle crater, 18 miles in diameter, lies 12,500 feet below the surface.
This thesis has been criticized by other scientists because of the absence of craters and of iridium in the pockets of land from this time.
Critics have not provided adequate data showing that all impacts contain iridium and other metals such as higher proportions of nickel or other heavier metals may also be proposed alternatives for distinct proof of an impact signature.
See also
Holocene Impact Working Group
Burckle Crater
References
French geologists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
John Douglas Moore (April 13, 1843 – 1917) was an Ontario farmer and political figure. They represented Waterloo South in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1890 to 1898 as a Liberal member.
Biography
Moore was born near Galt in North Dumfries Township, Canada West, the son of George Moore who came to Upper Canada from England in 1834. In 1878, Moore married Elizabeth Lucy Moffat. They served as reeve for North Dumfries and was warden for Waterloo County in 1878. They took over their father's farm and expanded it greatly; they also grew hops. Moore was president of the South Waterloo Farmer's Institute, the Farmer's Mutual Insurance Company and the Berlin Robe and Clothing Company. They helped establish the Galt, Preston & Hespeler Railway. In 1901, Moore was named county registrar, serving in that post until their death.
External links
The Canadian parliamentary companion, 1891 JA Gemmill
Member's parliamentary history for the Legislative Assembly of Ontario
Waterloo Historical Society : Fifth Annual Report (1917)
1843 births
1917 deaths
Ontario Liberal Party MPPs
People from the Regional Municipality of Waterloo
Yik Nam Jason Wu (born August 2, 1993), known professionally as Rabitt, is an Grammy Award and Emmy Award nominated record producer and songwriter from Hong Kong, now based in Los Angeles, CA. Rabitt has produced and written songs for Andy Grammer, Kiiara, Charlotte Lawrence, VÉRITÉ, Álvaro Soler, Eric Nam, Ingrid Andress, and others.
Early life and education
Wu was born and raised in Hong Kong. They started playing piano at the age of 5 and soon developed a passion for the drums. They then attended Berklee College of Music in 2011 and moved to Los Angeles, California shortly after graduation. It was at Berklee where they would meet the woman who would eventually sign them to their label, Kara DioGuardi, CEO of Arthouse Entertainment. DioGuardi is a visiting scholar with expertise in songwriting at Berklee.
Wu credits their parents' moral and financial support with allowing them to succeed in the music industry.
In 2014, Wu signed their first publishing deal with Universal Music Publishing and Arthouse Entertainment. The deal helped them obtain the visa necessary to stay in the United States after finishing school.
Professional career
After connecting with DioGuardi, Wu collaborated with another of Arthouse Entertainment's artists, Claire Rachel Wilkinson, then going by the name Clairity. Wu's production was featured on their 2015 debut EP "Alienation".
Wu co-wrote and produced Andy Grammer's 2017 track "Freeze," off their album
"The Good Parts". It was the last song Grammer wrote for the album and they considered it a "little ode" to their days as a street performer singing "Sunday Morning" by Maroon 5. In 2019, Wu said hearing the song play in Italian underwear store Calzedonia was the "proudest moment of their career".
In 2018, Wu co-wrote and produced an original composition titled "Perfume Smoke" for the soap opera General Hospital. The song was nominated for an Outstanding Original Song - Drama Emmy at the 45th Daytime Emmy Awards.
Discography
Awards and nominations
EMMY Award
2016: Outstanding Original Song - Drama - "Perfume Smoke" - ABC's, General Hospital (Nominated)
GRAMMY Award
2021: Best Country Album - "Lady Like" - Ingrid Andress (Nominated)
References
External links
Rabitt - Universal Publishing Media Group
Rabitt - Arthouse Entertainment
1993 births
Living people
Hong Kong record producers
Hong Kong songwriters
Hong Kong musicians
Berklee College of Music alumni
2020 Chinese FA Super Cup (Chinese: 2020中国足球协会超级杯) was the 18th Chinese FA Super Cup, an annual football match contested by the winners of the previous season's Chinese Super League and FA Cup competitions. The match was scheduled to be played between Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao, champions of the 2019 Chinese Super League, and Shanghai Greenland Shenhua, the winner of the 2019 Chinese FA Cup on 5 February 2020. On 25 January 2020, the match was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Match
Details
<onlyinclude>
See also
2019 Chinese Super League
2019 Chinese FA Cup
References
FA Super Cup
Chinese FA Super Cup, 2020
Scopula montivaga is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found on Sulawesi.
References
Moths described in 1922
montivaga
Moths of Indonesia
Little Indian Run is a stream located entirely within Ritchie County, West Virginia.
Little Indian Run was named after the Native Americans (Indians) in the area.
See also
List of rivers of West Virginia
References
Rivers of Ritchie County, West Virginia
Rivers of West Virginia
Joe Farrell was an American jazz multi-instrumentalist.
Joe Farrell may also refer to:
Joe Farrell (baseball) (1857–1893), American baseball player
Joe Farrell (soccer) (born 1994), American soccer player
Joe Farrell (visual effects artist), Australian visual effects artist
Joe Farrell, drummer on the album Folk-Lore
See also
Joseph Farrell (disambiguation)
Pure Cult: The Singles 1984–1995 is a singles compilation by The Cult, authorized by the band to replace the previous unauthorized High Octane Cult. It is also a reissue of the 1993 compilation Pure Cult: for Rockers, Ravers, Lovers, and Sinners, with minor changes.
Track listing
All songs written by Ian Astbury and Billy Duffy except "In the Clouds", which was written by Astbury, Duffy and Craig Adams.
"She Sells Sanctuary" - 4:12
"Fire Woman" - 5:07
"Lil' Devil" - 2:44
"Spiritwalker" - 3:11*
"The Witch" - 4:17*
"Revolution" - 4:16*
"Love Removal Machine" - 4:17
"Rain" - 3:54
"In the Clouds" - 3:59
"Coming Down (Drug Tongue)" - 4:01*
"Edie (Ciao Baby)" - 3:59*
"Heart of Soul" - 4:30*
"Wild Flower" - 3:37
"Star" - 3:59*
"Resurrection Joe" - 4:18
"Go West" - 3:56
"Sun King" - 4:55*
"Wild Hearted Son" - 4:24*
"Sweet Soul Sister" (video version) - 3:29*
Songs with (*) are single edits, rather than album versions.
Tracks 4, 16 taken from Dreamtime.
Tracks 1, 6, 8 taken from Love.
Tracks 3, 7, 13 taken from Electric.
Tracks 2, 11, 17, 19 taken from Sonic Temple.
Tracks 12, 18 taken from Ceremony.
Track 5 taken from Songs from the Cool World.
Tracks 10, 14 taken from The Cult.
Track 9 taken from High Octane Cult.
Personnel
Ian Astbury - vocals, tracks 1-19
Billy Duffy - guitar, tracks 1- 19
Jamie Stewart - bass, tracks 1–4, 6- 8, 11, 13, 15–17, 19
Nigel Preston - drums, tracks 1, 4, 15-16
Mark Brzezicki - drums, tracks 6, 8
Les Warner – drums, tracks 3, 7, 13
Mickey Curry – drums, tracks 2, 5, 11–12, 17-19
John Webster – keyboards, tracks 2, 11
Bob Buckley – string arrangement, track 11
Charley Drayton - bass, tracks 5, 12, 18
Suzie Katayama - cello, tracks 12, 18
Benmont Tench - organ, tracks 5, 12
Scott Thurston - synthesizer track 5
Richie Zito - keyboards, track 12
Craig Adams – bass, tracks 9–10, 14
Scott Garrett – drums, tracks 9–10, 14
Scott Humphrey – keyboards, tracks 9–10, 14
Certifications
References
The Cult albums
2000 compilation albums
Beggars Banquet Records compilation albums
