Yognogo is a commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 66 square kilometers and includes 3 villages (Bereniakan, Famessasso, and Koumbri). In the 2009 census it had a population of 5,700. The village of Famessasso, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 20 km northeast of Koutiala near the Route Nationale 13 that links Koutiala with San.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Slipknot is an American heavy metal band from Des Moines, Iowa, formed in 1995. The band's first concert tour was of the United States with the 1999 Ozzfest, a festival founded in 1996 featuring live performances by heavy metal bands. After the Livin la Vida Loco tour, the band embarked in November 1999 on its first international circuit, the World Domination Tour. After being on the road for a year through North America, Europe, Japan, and Australia, the band briefly attended Tattoo the Earth, during which the band recorded the performance at Dynamo Open Air and later released it as part of the film 10 Years of Life Death Love Hate Pain Scars Victory War Blood and Destruction.
Slipknot's first headlining world tour was launched in May 2001, in support of its second studio album, Iowa. The band toured for almost 15 months, and included a performance at the London Arena which was filmed for Disasterpieces, as well as the 2001 Ozzfest.
The next world tour, The Subliminal Verses World Tour, lasted over 20 months and had over 230 concerts. The tour also brought about Slipknot's first official live album, 9.0: Live. During the tour, the band performed the song "Purity," which was taken off the 1999 debut album due to copyright infringement. Slipknot performed songs that are rarely played live, such as "Iowa" and "Get This", as well as the first live performance of "Skin Ticket".
The Hope Is Gone World Tour came after the release of the fourth studio album, All Hope Is Gone, in 2008. The band toured in Israel, Luxembourg and several other countries where it had never performed in before. During the tour, the drummer Joey Jordison and the DJ Sid Wilson broke an ankle, and both ankles respectively. Most of Slipknot's concerts were performed with the following band members: Sid Wilson, Joey Jordison, Paul Gray, Chris Fehn, Jim Root, Craig Jones, Shawn Crahan, Mick Thomson, and Corey Taylor. However, some shows were performed a few members short, usually due to injuries.
Headlining tours
Other performances
References
Literature
General
Specific
External links
Slipknot official website
Slipknot at NME
Slipknot
Jezierzany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It lies approximately south-east of Miłkowice, north-west of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Jezierzany
The Official National Lampoon Car Stereo Test & Demonstration Tape is a comedy album in cassette tape format which was put out by National Lampoon magazine in 1980. The album was a follow-up to the Official National Lampoon Stereo Test and Demonstration Record, which was released in 1974. The tape is however a completely different album consisting of new material.
The album was conceived and written by National Lampoon contributing editor Ed Subitzky. The designer and writer for the wrapper (which was a spoof of consumer advertising) was Tibor Kalman, at M& co studio, and the sound designer for the album itself was Bob Pomann. The album was directed by Maurice Peterson, who also cast the album, and voice-acted several parts: a person with whiplash, a truck driver and a hobo.
The cassette is the main item in the Official National Lampoon Stereo Test & Demonstration Kit, which also includes a faux leather "travel case", cotton swabs, and a small bottle of cleaner fluid (for cleaning the heads on a cassette deck).
The album is a parody of stereo test and demonstration records, which were used by hi-fi enthusiasts to test the performance of their audio systems. All of the items recorded on the tape are comedy sketches; the majority of them are also functional car stereo tests. One sketch is an old-fashioned country music song of love lost, where the lyrics use tones that vary from 30 cycles per second (now known as the hertz) up to 15,000 cycles per second. Another sketch explains to the consumer how to play a trick on passengers in the car by using the left and right, as well as front and back, speaker volume controls to make it appear that fart noises are emanating from one particular area inside the car. Other comedy sketches help determine if a unit is in phase or out of phase, and whether a system has good left-right separation. The effects of interference noise and poor reception on car stereos are also demonstrated in comic ways.
An advertisement for the Official National Lampoon Car Stereo Test and Demonstration Tape ran in the July 1980 issue of National Lampoon magazine.
References
National Lampoon albums
1980 albums
1980s comedy albums
Ego Death is the third studio album by American R&B band the Internet. It was released on June 26, 2015, through Odd Future and distributed by Columbia Records. The album was supported by the singles "Special Affair" and "Girl". Ego Death was nominated at the 2016 Grammy Awards for Best Urban Contemporary Album.
Promotion
The album's lead single, "Special Affair", was released on June 2, 2015. The album's second single, "Girl", was released on June 23, 2015. The song features a guest appearance from Haitian-Canadian DJ and record producer Kaytranada.
Critical reception
Ego Death was met with widespread critical acclaim. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 81, based on 11 reviews. Aggregator AnyDecentMusic? gave it 7.1 out of 10, based on their assessment of the critical consensus.
Andy Kellman of AllMusic said, "The majority of Ego Death is tighter. Bennett has refined their songwriting without reducing the candid approach that colors their past compositions. Additionally, the tangents are fewer and more substantive". Pat Levy of Consequence said, "In addition to their more fully formed sound, one of the more exciting things about The Internet is the music's point of view". Michael J. Warren of Exclaim! said, "Ego Death frees the Internet from Odd Future connotations and R&B norms; it's their best work yet". Tshepo Mokoena of The Guardian said, "There's wit and honestly behind their observations of courting and heartbreak, making their pinhole focus on love more about nuance than navel-gazing. It's just as well the band stayed together". Ronald Grant of HipHopDX said, "Ego Death is an album both suited specifically for the social media age of music listeners but simultaneously rich and permeated with the traditions of the soul and R&B music of the past".
Jon Caramanica of The New York Times said, "There's convincing thump at work here, but not so much as to overwhelm the lustrous keyboards, the nuzzling bass, the way several of the songs unfurl like blooming roses". Sean Fennell of PopMatters said, "Ego Death and The Internet require a little bit of patience, but if you are willing to give it a full go, it will reward you with one of the most interesting albums in recent memory". Patrick Taylor of RapReviews said, "Ego Death is the perfect summer record. Breezy, smooth, lazy, and meant for warm nights". Craig Jenkins of Pitchfork said, "The Internet's songs have always felt like scenes of salaciousness happening just out of earshot. Ego Death finally pulls us into the maelstrom". Suzy Exposito of Rolling Stone said, "The best tracks fade away into gravity-defying instrumental outros that make Syd's heartache feel sublimely serene".
Industry awards
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
The Internet
Syd – lead vocals, production , keys , synths , background vocals , recording , executive production, mixing
Matt Martians – production , drums , synths , background vocals , recording , executive production, design
Patrick Paige II – bass , production , drums , guitar
Christopher Allan Smith – drums , production , percussion , recording , mixing
Jameel Bruner – production , keys , additional synths , additional organ , background vocals
Steve Lacy – production , bass , guitar , featured artist , executive production
Additional personnel
Cisco Adler – production , guitar , recording
Brandon Combs – drums
Jimmy Douglass – mixing
James Fauntleroy – featured artist
Durand Ferebee Jr. – background vocals
Christopher Goldsmith for The Highlights – production , drums
Nick Green – background vocals , vocal production
Kaytranada – featured artist , production
Brian Kennedy – production
Dave Kutch – mastering
Janelle Monáe – featured artist , additional vocals
Daniel "Bambaata" Marley – production , guitar
Vic Mensa – featured artist
Xavier McHugh – recording , percussion
Nicky Davey – production
Dave Rosser – guitar
Tay Walker – background vocals
Tyler, the Creator – featured artist , production
Charts
Release history
References
2015 albums
The Internet (band) albums
Odd Future Records albums
Albums produced by Kaytranada
Albums produced by Steve Lacy
Albums produced by Syd tha Kyd
The U.S. Post Office in Milan, Tennessee, located at 382 S. Main St., was built in 1936. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
Design credit is given to Louis A. Simon. The building was deemed notable as "a fine example of the simplified Classical Revival design popular for government buildings during the 1930s."
References
National Register of Historic Places in Gibson County, Tennessee
Neoclassical architecture in Tennessee
Government buildings completed in 1936
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1943–44 season.
League standings
Division 2 Norra 1943–44
Teams from a large part of northern Sweden, approximately above the province of Medelpad, were not allowed to play in the national league system until the 1953–54 season, and a championship was instead played to decide the best team in Norrland.
Division 2 Östra 1943–44
Division 2 Västra 1943–44
Division 2 Södra 1943–44
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Antoine Maurice Thompson (born March 1, 1970) is an American politician from Buffalo, New York. A Democrat, Thompson represented the 60th District in the New York State Senate from 2007 to 2011. Thompson previously served as the Masten District councilman on the Buffalo Common Council from 2001 to 2007.
Personal
Born in Buffalo, New York, Thompson is a 1994 graduate of State University of New York at Brockport where they received a Bachelor of Science in history. They were raised in Buffalo and was a graduate of public schools #60, #61 and Bennett High School.
 They are the son of Richard Allen Thompson and Wanda Strong Thompson, Antoine is married to Tracey Thompson and the father of Deja LaShay and Joseph Antoine Alexander Thompson. In high school, they served as captain of both the cross-country and track & field teams and earned All-Western New York Honors in both. Thompson is a member of Alpha Phi Alpha.
Early career
Starting in 1996, they served two years as a legislative assistant to the Buffalo Common Council. In early 1998, they were named executive director of the Office of Urban Initiatives, which is a community development corporation that endeavors to improve business opportunities for minorities. After then-Common Councilman Byron Brown was elected to the New York State Senate in November 2000, Thompson was favored for an appointment as Brown's successor.
Buffalo Common Councilmember
Thompson was sworn in as the Masten District Common Councilman on January 4, 2001 after being appointed by the Democratic Committee. Their East Side district included 27% of Buffalo's African American population. The Buffalo Common Council had a brief African-American majority during Thompson's appointed half term that ended following the subsequent elections in September and November 2001. After African-Americans lost their majority the council voted along racial lines by a 7–6 margin to shrink the common council from thirteen to nine members by eliminating the four at-large positions (three of which were held by African-Americans). The city voters endorsed the proposal by a 35,849–19,036 margin which largely went along racial lines. Thompson retained their council position in the 2001, 2003 and 2005 elections. Thompson served as a John Edwards delegate at the 2004 Democratic National Convention.
As a councilmember, Thompson advocated against crime and economic malaise and for foster economic development, worker training, and public parks. They also co-sponsored a resolution with David Franczyk against continued military involvement in the Iraq War.
Potential bids for higher office
In 2005, Thompson began testing the waters for higher office. They raised campaign funds and consulted party leaders about the possibility of challenging United States House of Representatives then 76-year-old member of congress Louise Slaughter who was already a 10-term veteran. Slaughter's New York's 28th congressional district was 29 percent African American, and minorities comprised nearly 40 percent of the Democratic primary vote. Charles B. Rangel warned that Slaughter had strong ties to the Congressional Black Caucus as well as strong support from labor, women's and pro-choice groups.
Thompson was encouraged to pursue Brown's New York State Senate seat that was to be filled by special election on February 28, 2006 after Brown ascended to be the Mayor of Buffalo on January 1, 2006 following the 2005 election. The district has a 4–1 ratio of registered Democrats to Republicans. In 2006, the Erie County Democratic Party chairperson was Leonard Lenihan, and they noted that Thompson had not been timely in entering the special election process. The Erie and Niagara County Democratic committees bypassed Thompson as their nominee in favor of Marc Coppola despite Brown's backing. Thompson had issued a threat that without backing for the State Senate seat, they would challenge Slaughter in the September primary election, but Lenihan was unimpressed with the threat and asserted that Thompson needed to take a "Dale Carnegie course in terms of how to win friends and influence people".
Thompson decided to run for the New York Senate seat in the November 2006 general election. Marc Coppola won the special election by a 56–44% margin in a district where Democrats outnumber Republicans more than 6:1. Thompson opposed incumbent Senator Marc Coppola as well as their cousin Former State Sen. Al Coppola in the September 2006 Democratic Primary for a full two-year term in the Senate. Thompson defeated both with 53% of the vote. They then defeated Marc Coppola again in the General election where Coppola ran as an Independent.
New York State Senator
When Thompson became a State Senator in January 2007, he—along with Diane Savino and Jeffrey Klein (both of whom later defected from the Senate Democratic Conference to form the core of the Independent Democratic Conference)--assumed the chairpersonship of the New York Democratic Senate Campaign Committee. They retained this position through the 2008 general election.
Thompson was the Chairman of the Senate Environmental Conservation Committee. They were the former Ranking Minority Member of the Senate Cities Committee, which oversaw all legislation impacting the state's 62 incorporated cities and urban policy. This position was held by their two immediate predecessors in the Senate, Byron Brown and Marc Coppola. Thompson served on the Finance; Commerce, Economic Development and Small Business; Tourism, Recreation and Sports Development and Veterans, Homeland Security and Military Affairs committees.
When Thompson assumed office, they worked on economic revitalization issues and the redevelopment of brownfield land, but they had to combat government inaction and bureaucracy in this effort. In 2010, Thompson arranged for a $400,000 grant from the State's Economic Development Program for Manhattan billionaire Howard Milstein's Niagara Falls Redevelopment company to demolish properties in Niagara Falls, New York. Thompson was a vocal spokesperson against the May 2007 bill to raise State Senator salaries because the lack of raises for Buffalo city workers made it seem wrong to him. After refusing to comment on the issue for some time, Thompson was one of eight Democratic defectors on Eliot Spitzer's unpopular policy allowing illegal aliens to obtain driver's licenses. Thompson was one of eleven New York State Senators to be uncontested in the November 2008 general election. They supported the streamlining of minority- and woman-owned business certification and opposed fracking Thompson voted in favor of same-sex marriage legislation on December 2, 2009, but the bill was defeated.
Thompson won the Democratic Party nomination in a three-way contest in the September 14, 2010 primary election. After a lengthy recount Thompson lost the general election to Mark Grisanti, an enrolled Democrat who ran on the Republican Party line. Days before the election, Thompson was named in a pay to play scandal where they received $8600 from Aqueduct Entertainment Group (AEG), who was attempting to secure a lucrative state contract to operate a video slot machine casino at Aqueduct Racetrack in Queens, New York.
Other
As of 2018, Thompson served as the Executive Director of the National Association of Real Estate Brokers (NAREB), the largest organization of African-American real estate professionals in the United States.
Thompson formerly hosted Western New York on the Move, a weekly radio show broadcast Thursdays at noon on WUFO 1080 AM.
See also
2009 New York State Senate leadership crisis
References
External links
New York State Senate: Antoine M. Thompson "This Senator is currently inactive, and this content is provided to you as an archive."
1970 births
African-American state legislators in New York (state)
Living people
New York (state) Democrats
New York (state) state senators
Buffalo Common Council members
State University of New York at Brockport alumni
2004 United States presidential electors
21st-century American politicians
Baptists from New York (state)
African-American city council members in New York (state)
21st-century African-American politicians
20th-century African-American people
David Argyle BVMS DECVIM-CA (Oncology) FRSE FRSA FRCVS is Head of the Royal (Dick) School of Veterinary Studies and Head of the Roslin Institute. They also serve as Deputy Head of the College of Medicine and Veterinary Medicine and Junior Vice President for the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons (RCVS).
Argyle specialises in comparative oncology and cancer in animals. Recognised as an RCVS Specialist in Veterinary Oncology, Argyle was also awarded foundation Diplomat status in Veterinary Oncology in 2005 in recognition for their standing and contributions to the discipline. They later established the Riddell Swann Cancer Centre at Easter Bush, now considered a model for comprehensive cancer therapy and a training ground for the next generation of clinical oncologists. Argyle is Head of the examining board for the European Diploma Qualification in Oncology, chair of the examination board for the ECVIM residency programme for Oncology, and has trained a number of clinical oncologists now in private practice or clinical roles. In 2016 they were elected Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh, and in the same year Fellow of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons (for meritorious contributions to veterinary research). As Dean of Veterinary Medicine at the University of Edinburgh, they have successfully introduced a new career pathway for veterinarians to enable both research and clinical training through the Wellcome Trust Funded “Edinburgh Clinical Academic track for Veterinarians” (ECAT-V).
In 2008, Argyle was awarded the Petplan Prize for Scientific Achievement and in 2014, the Kennel Club International Award for contributions to canine health.
Veterinary career
Argyle studied Veterinary Medicine at Glasgow University from 1986-1991, returning to undertake a doctorate (PhD) in Immunology and Oncology in following a period in general practice.
They became senior lecturer in Clinical Gene Therapy and Oncology at Glasgow University in 1999.
In 2002 they obtained a post as Associate Professor at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Argyle returned to Scotland in 2005 to become William Dick Chair of Veterinary Clinical Studies at the Dick Vet school in Edinburgh (part of the University of Edinburgh). There they set up the first Cancer and Imaging Centre for animals.
In 2009 Argyle became Dean, International (Medicine and Veterinary Medicine) and Dean, Postgraduate Research (Medicine and Veterinary Medicine) at the University of Edinburgh.
In 2011 they became Head of School, Royal (Dick) School of Veterinary Studies, University of Edinburgh.
In 2016 they were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
From 2017 to 2018 they served as Interim Head of the College of Medicine and Veterinary Medicine and VP for Medicine and Veterinary Medicine for the University of Edinburgh.
 They are joint Scientific Editor of the Journal of Veterinary and Comparative Oncology.
In June 2020 they were elected Junior Vice-President of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons for 2020-21.
Controversy
In 2019 the Sunday Times published two articles alleging a 'toxic' culture at the Dick Vet school in Edinburgh, of which Argyle is Head. In 2020, an independent review (Intersol Global Report) was commissioned by the University of Edinburgh. The summary of the Intersol report was leaked to the national and veterinary press (Sunday Times and The Veterinary Record ), leading the RCVS to warn against 'Trial by media'. The allegations were rejected by an independent investigation, which concluded there was no evidence of misconduct. This conclusion was upheld after an appeal.
On 5 November 2020, Argyle temporarily stepped down from their Junior Vice President and RCVS Council duties for personal reasons.
Publications
Books and Chapters
Decision Making in Small Animal Oncology (2009)
Advances in cancer diagnostics (2008)
Decision making in feline cancer patients (2008)
What is new in canine and feline lymphoma (2008)
Preclinical Organotypic Models for the Assessment of Novel Cancer Therapeutics and Treatment (2019)
References
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Academics of the University of Edinburgh
British veterinarians
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
1 (sometimes also known as The Motors 1) is the debut studio album by English rock band The Motors, originally released in October 1977. Three singles came from the album, "Dancing the Night Away", "Be What You Gotta Be" and "Cold Love".
American band Cheap Trick covered "Dancing The Night Away" for their album Next Position Please in 1983.
Background and production
The Motors signed for Virgin Records on 13 May 1977. The Motors then consisted of Nick Garvey (lead vocals, guitars), Andrew McMaster (bass, keyboards, vocals), Ricky Slaughter (drums) and Rob Hendry (guitar, vocals). Soon afterwards Hendry was replaced by Bram Tchaikovsky.
The new line-up began by touring with the Heavy Metal Kids in June 1977. After the tour they then began recording the album with the record producer Robert John "Mutt" Lange and released "Dancing the Night Away" / "Whiskey and Wine", their debut single off the album in September 1977. The single climbed to number 42 in the UK Singles Chart and spent four weeks in the charts. The track was extended to go onto the album, which they released as a 12-inch single. Two other singles were also released from the album, "Be What You Gotta Be" and "Cold Love", but they failed to chart.
The album was released in October 1977. It entered the UK Albums Chart on 22 October 1977 and climbed to number 46 and spent four weeks in the chart. In the Melody Maker album chart it peaked at number 30. The album was re-released on CD on 22 March 1991 by Blue Plate / Virgin (Catalogue No 1821) and in 2006 by Captain Oi! Records (Catalogue No AHOYCD 276) with bonus tracks.
The album cover was designed by Cooke Key Associates for Virgin Records. The design of the album cover was altered for the US market, with a larger "The Motors" logo. The image of the band and the name of the album "1" were both removed, therefore implying that the title of the album was The Motors.
Track listing
Bonus tracks
Charts
Personnel
The Motors
Nick Garvey — vocals, guitar
Bram Tchaikovsky — guitar, vocals
Andy McMaster — bass guitar, synthesizer
Ricky Slaughter (Ricky Wernham) — drums
Technical
Mick Glossop, Malcolm Heeley, Gary Edwards - engineers
References
1977 debut albums
Albums produced by Robert John "Mutt" Lange
Virgin Records albums
The Motors albums
Ciocani is a commune in Vaslui County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Ciocani, Crâng, Crângu Nou and Podu Pietriș. These were part of Perieni Commune until 2004, when they were split off.
References
Communes in Vaslui County
Localities in Western Moldavia
The International Association for Computing and Philosophy (IACAP) is a professional, philosophical association emerging from a history of conferences that began in 1986. Adopting its mission from these conferences, the IACAP exists in order to promote scholarly dialogue on all aspects of the computational/informational turn and the use of computers in the service of philosophy.
The role of the IACAP is to help facilitate a global communications network for those interested in computing and philosophy as defined by these themes. To this end, it sponsors a series of international conferences and this developing website.
The IACAP maintains a friendship with the American Philosophical Association through the liaison of the APA's Committee on Philosophy and Computers. It is currently based at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, The United States of America (United States).
Awards
IACAP hands out two awards at their yearly meetings: The Covey Award and The Herbert A. Simon Award.
The Covey Award
2022: Shannon Vallor (University of Edinburgh)
2021: Helen Nissenbaum (Cornell Tech)
2020: No award
2019: John Weckert (Charles Sturt University)
2018: Deborah G. Johnson (University of Virginia)
2017: Raymond Turner (University of Essex)
2016: Jack Copeland (University of Canterbury, New Zealand)
2015: William J. Rapaport (University at Buffalo, The State University of New York)
2014: Selmer Bringsjord (Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute)
2013: Margaret Boden (University of Sussex)
2012: Luciano Floridi (University of Hertfordshire)
2011: Terrell Bynum (Southern Connecticut State University)
2010: John R. Searle (University of California, Berkeley)
2009: Edward N. Zalta (Stanford University)
The Herbert A. Simon Award
2022: Björn Lundgren (Utrecht University)
2021: Carissa Véliz (University of Oxford)
2020: No award
2019: Juan M. Durán (Delft University of Technology)
2018: Thomas C. King (Oxford Internet Institute)
2017: Andrea Scarantino (Georgia State University)
2016: Marcin Milkowski (The Institute of Philosophy and Sociology of the Polish Academy of Sciences)
2015: Michael Rescorla (University of California-Santa Barbara)
2014: Gualterio Piccinini (U Missouri- St. Louis)
2013: Judith Simon (University of Vienna)
2012: Patrick Allo (Vrije Universiteit Brussels)
2011: John Sullins (Sonoma State)
2010: Mariarosaria Taddeo (University of Hertfordshire; University of Oxford)
Presidents
Steven T McKinlay 2022-acting
Don Berkich 2016-current
Mariarosaria Taddeo 2013-2016
Anthony Beavers 2011-2013
Luciano Floridi 2006-2011
Jon Dorbolo 2003-2006
Robert Cavalier, founder
Research and teaching areas
IACAP research and teaching areas include:
Artificial Intelligence / Cognitive Science
Artificial Life / Computer Modeling in Biology
Computer ethics / Information ethics
Computer-Mediated Communication
Culture and Society
Digital physics
Distance Education and Electronic Pedagogy
Electronic Publishing
Logic and Logic Software
Metaphysics (Distributed processing, Emergent Properties, Formal Ontology, Network Structures, etc.)
Online Resources for Philosophy
Philosophy of Information
Philosophy of Technology
Robotics
Virtual Reality
See also
Barwise prize
References
External links
Official Website
Covey Award
Goldberg Award
International professional associations
Information technology organizations
Philosophical societies
Rupert Gayle is a Canadian songwriter. They have written for Warner/Chappel and BMG Music Publishing, and is signed to ole.
Written and/or produced work
Maxi Priest
Mindless Behavior
Shiloh
Shawn Desman
Keshia Chanté
In-Dex
Lenou
Jamelia
Sugar Jones
Alonzo
Massari
Melissa O'Neil
Audrey de Montigny
Dru
Rex Goudie
Kalan Porter
Ryan Malcolm
George
Brian Melo
References
Canadian pop singers
Canadian male singers
Canadian rhythm and blues musicians
Musicians from Toronto
Living people
Juno Award for R&B/Soul Recording of the Year winners
Year of birth missing (living people)
Süleymaniye is a village in the District of Akseki, Antalya Province, Turkey.
Its old name is Simyan. It is one of the oldest settlements in the area where it is located. It is from Akseki and from Seydişehir. The Hadım Plateau is located to the north.
History
The area was conquered by the Seljuk Turks and the Ottoman Empire along with other towns in the area in the 1600s.
Economy
The village used to have a primary school, but it has since closed. The town has a health center with a midwife that can be accessed via an asphalt road. The town also has a drinking water network, electricity, and fixed telephones.
The country boasts an economy based on the cattle and almond trade.
References
Villages in Akseki District
Kamarganj railway station is a railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated beside National Highway 80 at Katgala, Kamarganj in Bhagalpur district in the Indian state of Bihar.
References
Railway stations in Bhagalpur district
Malda railway division
A complete protein or whole protein is a food source of protein that contains an adequate proportion of each of the nine essential amino acids necessary in the human diet.
Amino acid profile
The following table lists the optimal profile of the nine essential amino acids in the human diet, which comprises complete protein, as recommended by the US Institute of Medicine's Food and Nutrition Board. The foodstuffs listed for comparison show the essential amino acid content per unit of the total protein of the food, 100g of spinach, for example, only contains 2.9g of protein (6% Daily Value), and of that protein 1.36% is tryptophan.(note that the examples have not been corrected for digestibility)
Total adult daily intake
The second column in the following table shows the amino acid requirements of adults as recommended by the World Health Organization calculated for a adult. Recommended Daily Intake is based on per day, which could be appropriate for a adult.
See also
Protein quality
Protein Digestibility Corrected Amino Acid Score
References
Nutrition
Proteins as nutrients
Nikki Johnson (born 26 June 1975) is a Canadian former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1975 births
Living people
Canadian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Canada
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
The Arrows of Hercules are an historical novel by American writer L. Sprague de Camp, first published in hardback by Doubleday in 1965 and in paperback by Curtis Books in 1970. The book was reissued with a new introduction by Harry Turtledove as a trade paperback and ebook by Phoenix Pick in April 2014. It is the fourth of de Camp's historical novels in order of writing, and second chronologically, set in the time of Dionysios I of Syracuse at the end of the 5th and beginning of the 4th centuries BC.
Plot summary
The protagonist is the engineer Zopyros of Tarentum, a follower of the Pythagorean philosophical school. Having invented an improved type of catapult, they are drafted into Syracuse's war effort against Carthage by the tyrant Dionysios, creator of the first military ordnance department known to history. The historical Battle of Motya of 399 BC is a major event in the novel. Also portrayed is the incident upon which the legend of the Sword of Damocles is supposedly based.
Reception
Contemporary reviews of the novel were favorable. Shildes Johnson in Library Journal "highly recommended" the book, calling it "[a]n intriguing novel" and a "fascinating historical romance which is a worthwhile addition to any library." The author "makes their characters live, and the reader can almost imagine the social, economic, and religious milieu of this period in Grecian history."
Jackie Pettycrew in The Arizona Republic deemed it a "rousing piece of fiction" with an "abundance" of action whose "pace is rapid and unrelenting." They rated it an "[a]ltogether, highly entertaining, lightly informative" book bringing ancient history "vividly to life."
Booklist noted its "[a]uthentic background and synthetic [sic: sympathetic] characters mingle easily in a story where action, color, page, and plot have the virile appeal evident in the author's The dragon of [the] Ishtar Gate.
Edith Farr Ridington in Classical World called it "an adventurous, breezy tale" with "exciting and quite believable adventures" written "in a colloquial style that helps to make ancient times come alive" and which "uses to good advantage the author's special interest in ancient engineering." They note that "[t]he book is spiced here and there with some frank sexualities; otherwise its appeal would seem to be especially to young people interested in a story combining mechanical devices with adventure."
Notes
1965 American novels
Historical novels
Novels by L. Sprague de Camp
Novels set in ancient Greece
Doubleday (publisher) books
Klugiella xanthotipulae is a species of bacteria from the family Microbacteriaceae which has been isolated from a larva of the insect Tipula abdominalis from Michigan in the United States.
The genus, Klugiella, is named after the American microbiologist Michael J. Klug.
References
Microbacteriaceae
Bacteria described in 2008
Monotypic bacteria genera
Jürgen Karl-Josef Hescheler (born 2 May 1959) is a German physician and stem cell researcher.  They are director to the Institute for Neurophysiology and a university professor at the University of Cologne. Prof. Hescheler is one of the most eminent and the most productive stem cell researchers worldwide, averaging more than 1000 citations of their publications per year. Hescheler has been working with embryonic stem cells since the late 80's. They became the first researcher to accomplish an electrophysiological characterisation of stem cells and was also among the first scientists in Germany obtaining permission to do research on human embryonic stem cells. Furthermore, they are founder and chairperson to the German Society for Stem Cell Research (GSZ).
Career
Prof. Hescheler obtained their doctoral degree from Saarland University in 1985 and continued their research on Ca2+ currents until their Habilitation in the year 1988. They were offered C4 Professorship positions at Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg and University of Tübingen in 1993. They were appointed Director of the Institute for Neurophysiology at the University of Cologne in 1994. Their subsequent accomplishments include the position of a Visiting Professor at University of Vermont (USA, 1992), at Tongji Medical University, in Wuhan (China, 1998), President of confidants of the German National Academic Foundation (2000), University of Texas, Houston (USA, 2001), University of Xian (China, 2003), Founder and President of the German Society for Stem Cell Research (2004). They have been appointed as the Coordinator of various pan-European consortia including the large-scale integrated EU-projects FunGenES ("Functional Genomics of Engineered Embryonic Stem Cells), CRYSTAL ("Cryo-banking of stem cells for human Therapeutic Application"), ESNATS ("Embryonic stem cell-based Novel Alternative Testing Strategies"), and DETECTIVE - Detection of endpoints and biomarkers for repeated dose toxicity using in vitro systems. In 2009 they were awarded an Honorary Doctorate Dr. h.c. by the Tongji Medical University Wuhan, China.
Hescheler has been working with embryonic stem cells ever since the late 1980s. Beginning with studies on cellular signal transduction, and starting with works on signalling pathways in different cells (g-protein phosphorylation, electrophysiology of channels) they focussed on embryonic stem cells and has since defined many important basic aspects of both fundamental research and clinical applications. They were the first scientist worldwide to perform electrophysiological and functional experiments on stem cells and differentiated phenotypes thereof. They achieved a first functional characterization of cardiomyocytes developed from embryonic stem cells which is an important prerequisite for their subsequent use in regenerative medicine. They thus pioneered the establishment of stem cell research for application in transplantation medicine. In 2002, they were among the first scientists in Germany to obtain permission to work with human embryonic stem cells. In their current position, as Chairman and Director to the Institute for Neurophysiology at the University of Cologne, their research areas include work on embryonic and adult stem cells, induced pluripotent stem cells, mesenchymal stem cells and germline pluripotent stem cells. Among progressing the use of stem cells for translational purposes, aiming at tapping the potential of stem cell biology towards clinical application, Hescheler actively promotes the vision of EPAA through innovative alternative testing strategies, applying stem cells towards toxicity testing. Apart from the rationale of promoting 3R principles it is their goal that coordinating a multidisciplinary research effort undertaken by various projects and consortia led by Hescheler will generate pathway- and evidence-based understanding of long-term toxic effects, thus moving toxicology from a rather descriptive science towards a more mechanistic-driven predictive one.
Hescheler has been appointed coordinator of various European Consortia such as FunGenES, CRYSTAL, and more recently ESNATS and DETECTIVE.  They are also coordinator of the BMBF consortium “iPS and adult bone marrow cells for cardiac repair”. In 2004 they founded and since chaired the German Society of Stem Cell Research (GSZ).  They are an active member of the Scientific Panel of the AXLR8 Consortium and a member of steering committee of Stem Cell Network North Rhine Westphalia.
Promoting stem cell research on a European scale, they have strong research collaborations inter alia with
UK - National Biological Standards Board/UK Stem Cell Bank
Switzerland - University of Geneva, Faculty of medicine, ENKAM Pharmaceuticals
France - INSERM
Belgium - Vrije Universiteit Brussel/Department of Toxicology
Netherlands - University of Maastricht, Academic Medical Centre Amsterdam/Department of Anatomy and Embryology
Romania - Institute for Biologic and Cellular Pathologies
Portugal - ITQB/IBET
Hungary - Biotalentum
Ukraine - National University of Kyiv-Mohyla Academy
And on an International scale with
Brazil - Universidade de São Paulo
USA - University of Pittsburgh, Department of pharmacology, Medical University of South Carolina,
Egypt - Cairo University
Cameroon - University of Yaounde, University of Dschang
China - Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Tongji Medical College, Department of Physiology
India - Tulip Bio-med Solutions limited
Awards
They received several awards for alternative testing research, including the Bundesminister für Jugend, Familie, Frauen und Gesundheit Award (1992), the Hildegard Doerenkamp Gerhard Zbinden Foundation Award (1992), the Dorothy Hegarty Award (1999) and an Honorary Doctorate of the Tongji Medical Faculty of the Huazhong University in Wuhan (China) (2009).
Projects
EU Projects coordinated
1. DETECTIVE – Detection of endpoints and biomarkers of repeated dose toxicity using in vitro systems
http://www.detect-iv-e.eu/?page_id=319
2. DETECTIVE is a key building block of the SEURAT-1 cluster (Safety Evaluation Ultimately Replacing Animal Testing)
https://web.archive.org/web/20130308083355/http://www.seurat-1.eu/pages/partners-and-people/who-is-who.php
3. Embryonic stem cell-based novel alternative testing strategies
http://www.esnats.eu/index.php/about-esnats/consortium-partners/UKK
4. CRYo-banking of Stem cells for human therapeutic application (completed)
https://web.archive.org/web/20160304064736/http://www.crystal-eu.org/university_of_cologn.html
BMBF projects
1. Pluripotent Cells for Heart Therapies
http://www.gesundheitsforschung-bmbf.de/en/1195.php#Pluripotent
2. Mesenchymal stem cell mediated preconditioning of human islets
http://www.gesundheitsforschung-bmbf.de/en/1195.php#Mesenchymal
As Partner in EU Projects
1. diXa: Data Infrastructure for Chemical Safety
http://www.dixa-fp7.eu/home
2. STEMCAM: A IAPP on the Role of NCAM in Stem Cell Differentiation
http://stemcam.biotalentum.eu/partners/ukk
3. INFARCT CELL THERAPY: Therapy after Myocardial Infarction: repair by stem and progenitor cell mobilization and transfer
http://www.meduniwien.ac.at/typo3/index.php?id=6157
4. HYPERLAB High yield and performance stem cell lab
http://www.hyperlab.eu/index.php
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20140110085854/http://www.uni-koeln.de/med-fak/physiologie/np/index.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20131208120533/http://stamm-zell-forschung.com/gsz/
http://www.stemcells.nrw.de/en/research-careers/research-locations/cologne.html
1959 births
Living people
German medical researchers
Stem cell researchers
University of Cologne faculty
Catherine Dean May (May 18, 1914 – May 28, 2004) was a U.S. Representative from Washington. They were the first woman elected to Congress in the state of Washington.
Early life, education, and career
May was born as Catherine Dean Barnes in Yakima, Washington and graduated from Yakima Valley Junior College, in 1934. They earned their B.S. from the University of Washington, Seattle, Washington in 1936 and their teaching certificate in 1937. They attended the University of Southern California in Los Angeles, California in 1939.
They taught English at Chehalis High School from 1937 to 1940 and was women's editor and a news broadcaster in Tacoma, Washington in 1941 and 1942. They headed the radio department for a Seattle advertising agency from 1942 to 1943, and a Seattle insurance company from 1943 to 1944. They then became a writer and assistant commentator for the National Broadcasting Company in New York City from 1944 to 1946 before returning to the Northwest to become women's editor at station KIT in Yakima from 1948 to 1957. They worked as an office manager and medical secretary at the Yakima Medical Center in 1957 and 1958 and served as president of Bedell Associates.
Political career
May served as member of the Washington State House of Representatives from 1952 to 1958. They were the first woman from the state of Washington elected to the U.S. House of Representatives.
In 1958, May was elected as a Republican to the Eighty-sixth United States Congress. They were subsequently re-elected five times, serving from January 3, 1959 until January 3, 1971. They were the first woman elected to Congress from Washington. While in Congress, May served on the House Agriculture Committee, ranking member of the House Beauty Shop Committee, and the Joint Committee on Atomic Energy.
Upon their marriage to Donald W. Bedell on November 14, 1970, they were known as Catherine May Bedell.
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection to the Ninety-second Congress in 1970 and subsequently served on the United States International Trade Commission from 1971 to 1975 and again from 1979 through 1980. In 1982, they were a Special Consultant to the President on the 50 States Project. In 2004, they were the president of Bedell Associates in Palm Desert, California.
They died on May 28, 2004 in Rancho Mirage, California.
See also
Women in the United States House of Representatives
References
External links
A Few Good Women...The Honorable Catherine May Bedell
1914 births
2004 deaths
20th-century American educators
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American women politicians
American commentators
American radio journalists
Schoolteachers from Washington (state)
20th-century American women educators
Female members of the United States House of Representatives
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
News editors
International Trade Commission personnel
People from Rancho Mirage, California
Politicians from Yakima, Washington
Radio personalities from Washington (state)
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Washington (state)
University of Southern California alumni
University of Washington alumni
American women editors
American women radio journalists
Women state legislators in Washington (state)
21st-century American women
The Czech Fourth Division () is the fourth tier of football in the Czech Republic. The level consists of six divisions, named Divize A-F, Divize A-C each holding 16 teams and Divize D-F each holding 14 teams. The top teams from Divize A, B and C are promoted to the Bohemian Football League while the top teams from Divize D, E and F are promoted to the Moravian–Silesian Football League. The number of relegated teams varies between the divisions, the destination of the relegated teams is one of the 14 Regional Divisions at level 5 of the pyramid.
The format of the three Bohemian divisions (A, B and C) is unconventional in that it does not allow draws. As of the 2014–15 season, if a match is tied, the winner is decided by a penalty shootout. The winner of the shootout gets two points and the loser gets one.
Since 2021–22 season, the teams are again awarded by 3 points for a win and 1 point for a tie.
Fourth Division clubs, 2022–23
Divize A
Divize B
Divize C
Divize D
Divize E
Divize F
References
Official page for Divize A, B, C
Official page for Divize D, E, F
External links
4. Ligy tables, results and fixtures at Soccerway
4
Fourth level football leagues in Europe
Professional sports leagues in the Czech Republic
Arun Shahapur is a Member of the Legislative Council for the State of Karnataka, India. A member of the Bharatiya Janata Party, they have represented the Karnataka North-West Teachers constituency (which covers the districts of Belagavi, Bagalkot, and Vijayapur) since 2010, and was elected in June 2016 to a second six-year term.
They have also been working president of Karnataka's Rajya Madhyamika Shikshaka Sangha, its State Secondary Teachers Association
References
Living people
Members of the Karnataka Legislative Council
Year of birth missing (living people)
Lusitanipus is a genus of millipedes in the family Dorypetalidae. The genus is endemic to the Iberian peninsula; L. alternans is endemic to Portugal and L. xanin is only known from Spain. It was believed to be a monotypic genus until the 2020 discovery of L. xanin.
Species
There are currently two species in the genus:
Lusitanipus alternans
Lusitanipus xanin
References
Callipodida
Millipedes of Europe
Blackwater Canyon is a rugged, heavily wooded, long gorge carved by the Blackwater River in the Allegheny Mountains of eastern West Virginia, USA. For many years, it has been the object of controversy as environmental activists have contended with industrial (power, timber, development) interests over its ultimate status.
Description
The canyon extends from the foot of Blackwater Falls near Davis to the confluence of the Blackwater River with Dry Fork (forming the Black Fork) near Hendricks, dropping about from to . It is a deep chasm separating Backbone Mountain (to the northwest) from Canaan Mountain (to the southeast). (This affords kayakers a whitewater river with Class IV-V+ [upper Blackwater] and Class III-IV [lower Blackwater] rapids). Tributary streamsnotably Pendleton Creek and Shay's Runhave formed hanging valleys high above the canyon floor.
The land embracing the canyon consists of about of spruce, hemlock and pine upland, second-growth forest. Oak, maple, yellow poplar, and rhododendron also predominate. Black bear inhabit the canyon, along with white-tail deer, squirrel, numerous bird species, and timber rattlesnake dens. Wildflowers (soapwort, jewelweed) abound.
The Western Maryland Railway's Black Fork Grade, which once ran the length of the canyon, has been converted into a hiking trail, the Blackwater Canyon Railroad Grade Trail (USFS Trail 115), which connects with the Allegheny Trail near its northern end. The trail crosses three major tributaries on culverts that feature views of cascades: Tub Run at about , Big Run at and Flatrock Run at .
Trails on both sides of the canyon lead down to several sections of spectacular rapids. In addition, on the northwestern canyon rim is the Canyon Rim Trail (USFS Trail 117), accessed by Canyon Rim Road, with its Big Run Overlook. Intermediate between rim and rapids is Limerock Trail (USFS Trail 142), which descends gradually into the canyon over about .
History
19th century
The "High Allegheny" region (what is now east-central West Virginia), including Blackwater Canyon, was bypassed by development for many decades as large-scale settlement occurred to its north, south and west while the region itself remained relatively wild. The Canyon first came to widespread public attention in the mid-19th century. In 1853, travel writer Philip Pendleton Kennedy reported in glowing terms on an “expedition” to the remote gorge. Two years later, illustrator David Hunter Strother (“Porte Crayon”) wrote, and Harper's Monthly published, “The Virginia Canaan” about their adventures in the Blackwater Canyon and surrounding areas. For their readers, Strother depicted mountainous vistas of immense spruce and hardwood stands, thick laurels and rhododendrons and an untamed canyon carved by a wild, raging river.
In 1881, coal and timber magnate (and former U.S. Senator) Henry Gassaway Davis and their West Virginia Central and Pittsburgh Railway Company laid first tracks in eastern West Virginia. By 1884, the railroad had extended along the North Branch of the Potomac River to the North Fork of the Blackwater River at the newly formed town of Thomas. In 1888, Davis decided to continue expanding this line southward from Thomas through the rugged Blackwater Canyon to Hendricks. This astonishing feat, accomplished over the course of a year, required excavating road cuts sometimes hundreds of feet high into Backbone Mountain. To allow the rail to traverse several deep ravines and rushing tributaries, a number of gigantic stone archways and culverts were constructed. The most impressive of these is located at Big Run. It is about long, wide and high. Several wrecks and derailments occurred in the vicinity of the Big Run culvert, owing to the sharpness of the curve that trains had to negotiate at this point.
20th century
The railroad, which was taken over in 1905 by the Western Maryland Railroad, brought industry and expansion to the area. Along the line came towns, such as Douglas, Limerock and Coketon, as the coal mines, coke ovens, and timber industry brought an influx of workers.
Over the next two decades, Davis's interests prospered, but at the cost of devastating environmental damage. Much of Tucker County, including Canaan Valley and the Canyon, were clear-cut, and the landscape converted into a tinderbox by the residual slashings. By 1910, fires swept over the wasteland, often burning continuously from spring until the first snows. In 1914, with the Canyon virtually denuded of standing trees, the ground burned continually for 6 months. When the fires subsided, thin mineral soil and bare rock were all that remained. Uncontrollable soil erosion and flooding further degraded and depopulated the region. Large-scale clear-cut timbering in the Canyon has not occurred again since 1914.
Establishment of the Monongahela National Forest (MNF) in 1920, and its anti-erosion and forest restoration projects, brought new hope to the region. Owned at the time by West Virginia Power and Transmission Company (later called Allegheny Power Systems) and slated for an elaborate hydroelectric project, the south side of the Canyon was excluded from this large-scale preservation effort. Yet, protected by the adjacent newly established public lands, the Canyon began to recover, as healthy second growth forests regenerated.
During 1943–44, the rugged cliffs of the Canyon were utilized (as were those at nearby Seneca Rocks) by the U.S. Army for mountain climbing instruction. This school, part of the West Virginia Maneuver Area, prepared soldiers for combat in the mountainous terrain of Europe.
From the 1930s to the 1950s, various leases and donations to the state from the power company resulted in the procurement and expansion of the Blackwater Falls State Park (BFSP), which was established in 1937 as a park at the head of the Canyon, including the renowned falls. Plans for the damming of the Canyon and its river never materialized and recreationalists were given greater access to the entire Canyon area, but for many years the lower Canyon remained in a state of limbo, neither permanently protected nor developed and exploited by industry.
In 1970, the National Park Service recommended the Canyon for National Natural Landmark status. The railroad became inactive in 1983 and was designated a hiking trail six years later. In 1995, the U.S. Forest Service recommended the Blackwater for Wild and Scenic River status. For the next two years, The Conservation Fund negotiated aggressively with the power company for public ownership of the Canyon by the MNF. However, in 1997, Allegheny Power Systems rejected their offer (of $3.5 million) and sold its tract to a private developer (for $5 million). This developer subsequently resold this holding to Allegheny Wood Products (AWP), an international exporter of Appalachian hardwoods. Initially, AWP began timbering the lower reaches of the canyon and staked out several development sites. When activists expressed concern for the ecological, historical, and recreational losses to be incurred, AWP began to work with government agencies on preserving the natural integrity of the area.
In 2000, the state purchased the Lindy Point overlook as an addition to BFSP, providing public access to the most scenic overlook along the Canyon rim. AWP also granted the state right of first refusal for purchase of additional land in the Canyon, which may be acquired in the future.
21st century
As of the early 21st century, outside of the BFSP, about half of the land embracing the Canyon is owned by AWP and about half is owned by the MNF. The AWP has proposed selective cutting on its land, but this has been impeded by environmental activists who propose a protected natural status for the entire Canyon area. In addition AWP requested that the Forest Service grant them an easement to utilize the former railroad grade as a logging haul road.
In January 2008, then West Virginia Governor Joe Manchin proposed $5 million as the state's share for a possible purchase of Blackwater Canyon. The Manchin Administration said it wanted to protect the scenic area from development.
On July 30, 2010 the Forest Service issued a Record of Decision (RD) with regard to AWP's request for an easement to the Blackwater Canyon Rail Trail. The RD states that AWP may have access to the trail on a temporary, as needed, basis to perform maintenance and ensure the safety of trail users and emergency vehicles. It also states that it is not to be utilized for any purposes related to logging.
References
Landforms of Tucker County, West Virginia
Monongahela National Forest
Canyons and gorges of West Virginia
Leeds Philosophical and Literary Society is a Learned society in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. It was founded in 1819, and its museum collection forms the basis of Leeds City Museum, which reopened in September 2008. The printed works and papers of the society are held by Leeds University Library. The Society is a registered charity under English law.
Among the early members of the society were John Marshall (President, 1820–26), Benjamin Gott, William Hey (President, 1831–33), and Edward Baines and their son, Sir Edward Baines. Richard Reynolds was an honorary secretary. More recent Presidents include John Le Patourel (1966–68).
Foundation
Robert Dennis Chantrell won the competition to build the new Hall for the Society in May 1819 in Classical style. The Hall was sited on the corner of Park Row and Bond Street in the Georgian west end of Leeds. The foundation stone was laid by Benjamin Gott on 9 July 1819 and the Hall was opened on 6 April 1821. The Hall had a lecture theatre, library, laboratory and museum. Charles Turner Thackrah gave the opening address, pointing out that the Hall would provide a place for "the conversational diffusion of knowledge". Before the creation of any college or university in Leeds, the Society provided an important opportunity for civic education.
Later history
The Hall was refaced and extended in 1861-62 by Dobson & Chorley. A new entrance was built on Park Row. In 1876, the inaugural meeting of the Leeds Architectural Association was held in the Hall.
The Hall was badly damaged in an air raid in 1941 when many museum exhibits were lost, but the building was given a new concrete façade and remained as a museum until 1965. The Hall was demolished in 1966. William Gott was a benefactor to the museum, and one of the Society's vice presidents in later life.
In 1925, the Society began publishing two journals: Proceedings of the Leeds Philosophical and Literary Society. Scientific section (which ran from 1925 to 1998, producing twelve volumes) and Proceedings of the Leeds Philosophical and Literary Society. Literary and Historical Section (which ran from 1925 to 1999, producing twenty-five volumes).
List of presidents
The following have been presidents of the society:
1820–26: John Marshall
1826–28: Rev. W. H. Bathurst, M.A.
1828–31: Michael Thomas Sadler, M.P.
1831–33: William Hey
1833–35: James Williamson, M.D.
1835–37: Rev. Joseph Holmes, M.A.
1837–40: Rev. Richard Winter Hamilton
1840–42: Adam Hunter, M.D.
1842–45: John Hope Shaw
1845–50: Rev. William Sinclair, M.A.
1850–51: William West, F.R.S.
1851–54: Rev. Charles Wicksteed, B.D.
1854–57: John Hope Shaw
1857–58: James Garth Marshall, F.G.S.
1858–59: Rev. W. F. Hook, D.D.
1859–61: Rev. Alfred Barry, M.A.
1861–63: Thomas Pridgin Teale, F.R.S.
1863–66: Rev. Thomas Hincks, B.A.
1866–68: Charles Chadwick, M.D.
1868–72: John Deakin Heaton, M.D.
1872–74: Rev. Canon Woodford, D.D.
1874–76: J. I. Ikin, F.R.C.S.
1876–78: Rev. J. H. McCheane, M.A.
1878–81: T. Clifford Allbutt, M.D., F.R.S.
1881–83: Rev. John Gott, D.D.
1883–85: J. E. Eddison, M.D.
1885–86: Edward Atkinson, F.L.S.
1886–89: Thomas Marshall, M.A.
1889–92: Thomas Pridgin Teale, M.A., F.R.S.
1892–94: Rev. J. H. D. Matthews, M.A.
1894–96: Rev. Charles Hargrove, M.A.
1896–98: Edmund Wilson, F.S.A.
1898–1900: Nathan Bodington, M.A., Litt.D.
1900–02: J. H. Wicksteed, President Inst.M.E.
1902–04: Arthur Smithells, B.Sc., F.R.S.
1904–06: J. E. Eddison, M.D.
1906–09: E. Kitson Clark, M.A., F.S.A., M.Inst.C.E.
1909–11: Rev. J. R. Wynne-Edwards, M.A.
1911–12: C. T. Whitmell, M.A., B.Sc., F.R.A.S.
1912–14: P. F. Kendall, M.Sc., F.G.S.
1914–17: Rev. W. H. Draper, M.A.
1917–19: James E. Bedford, F.G.S.
1919–22: Sydney D. Kitson, M.A., F.S.A., F.R.I.B.A.
1922–24: Arthur J. Grant, M.A.
1924–26: Walter Garstang, M.A., D.Sc., F.Z.S.
1926–28: Edwin Hawkesworth
1928–30: Frederick Woodward Branson, F.I.C.
1930–32: E. O. Dodgson
1932–34: A. Gilligan, D.Sc., F.G.S.
1934–36: Richard Whiddington, M.A., D.Sc., F.R.S.
1936–39: Hugh R. Lupton, M.C., M.A.
1939–46: W. M. Edwards, M.C., M.A.
1946–48: E. A. Spaul, D.Sc., Ph.D.
1948–50: W. L. Andrews
1950–52: J. N. Tetley, D.S.O., LL.D.
1952–54: Terry Thomas, M.A., LL.D., B.Sc., Ph.D.
1954–56: H. C. Versey, D.Sc., F.G.S.,
1956–58: H. S. Vick, J.P.
1958–60: H. Orton, M.A., B.Litt.
1960–62: Sir George Martin, LL.D., J.P.
1962–64: E. J. Wood, M.A.
1964–66: Reginald Dawson Preston, D.Sc., F.R.S., F.Inst.P.
1966–68: John Le Patourel, M.A., D.Phil.
1968–70: G. P. Meredith, M.Sc., M.Ed., Ph.D.
1970–72: J. G. Wilson, M.A., Ph.D., F.Inst.P.
1972–74: J. Taylor, M.A.
1974–76: H. Henson, D.Sc., Ph.D., F.R.E.S.
1976–78: P. R. J. Burch, M.A., Ph.D.
1978–81: R. Reed, M.Sc., Ph.D
1981–83: Lord Marshall of Leeds, M.A., LL.B.
1983–85: B. R. Hartley, M.A., F.S.A.
1985–87: Dennis Cox, B.A., A.L.A.
1987–89: B. Colville, M.B., B.S., F.R.C.G.P.
1989–91: I. S. Moxon, M.A., B.A.
1991–93: R. F. M. Byrn, M.A., Ph.D.
1993–95: Mrs J. E. Mortimer, B.A.
1995–97: A. C. Chadwick, B.Sc., Ph.D., D.Sc., C.Biol., F.I.Biol., F.R.G.S.
1997–99: O. S. Pickering, B.A., B.Phil., Ph.D., Dip.Lib.
1999–2003: P. J. Evennett, B.Sc., Ph.D., Hon. F.R.M.S.
2004–06: M. R. D. Seaward, M.Sc., Ph.D., D.Sc., F.L.S.
2007–09: C. J. Hatton, B.Sc., Ph.D., C.Phys., F.Inst.P.
2010–13: A. C. T. North, B.Sc., Ph.D., C.Phys., F.Inst.P.
2014-16: J. M. Hill B.A., D.Phil., D.Univ., F.E.A., F.R.S.A.
2016–19 : C. J. Hatton, B.Sc., Ph.D., C.Phys., F.Inst.P.
2020–: G. E. Blair, B.Sc., Ph.D., F.R.S.B., F.L.S.
Former curators of the museum (1821–1921)
John Atkinson
Henry Denny
Louis Compton Miall
Henry Crowther
Other notable figures connected to the society
Etheldred Benett – donor
Alexander Crichton – donor
Violet Crowther - curator
William Gott - benefactor and vice president
James Kitson, 1st Baron Airedale and their father James Kitson, Mayor of Leeds – new proprietary member and subscriber respectively in 1852–53
Francis Lupton – proprietary member in 1852–53
William Middleton and their son John William Middleton – subscriber and new ordinary member respectively in 1852–53
James Motley – donor
Washington Teasdale – member
John Joseph Willson – member
References
Further reading
External links
Leeds Museums & Galleries: Three Women: a plesiosaurus, a mistaken identity, and a hat.
Organisations based in Leeds
Learned societies of the United Kingdom
1819 establishments in England
Organizations established in 1819
Leeds Blue Plaques
Charities based in England
Ahmad Jafari (Persian: احمد جعفری ‌born 3 March 1938, in Arak, Iran) is an architect based in the USA whose career began in the 1960s. They were with Disney Imagineering as an Architect and Art Director from 1966 to 2004 and has worked alongside Walt Disney and many Disney Legends. In 2006, they received the NFFC Disney Legend awards.
Early life
Ahmad Jafari was born on 3 March 1938 in a small city in Arak, in Iran. In 1962, they graduated from Tehran University with Masters in Architecture. In 1963 they moved to the United States and studied Architecture at the University of Utah and worked in an architecture firm as an intern architect in both Utah and California. After a few months, they left the university and joined Disneyland engineering department as an architect in 1966. They served The Walt Disney Company as an Architect and Art Director from 1966 to 2004.
Val H. Usle, executive director of architecture at The Walt Disney Company awarded Ahmad for "Recognizing 35 magical years with the Walt Disney company" quoting:"All of us still see your 'design' fingerprints scattered in the parks throughout the world... your creativity has helped define the Disney built environment. It is indeed a very small club of people can claim to have had such involvement and influence."
Awards
Disney Legend Award
Thanks for Imagineering the Dream. Walt Disney Imagineering Retirement Award only 4 ever awarded at the time.
WED (Walt Disney Imagineering) and Walt Disney's MAPO(Manufacturing and Production Organization) (Walt Disney World Monorail System) engineering. 15 years of service.
Worldwide Who's Who is a Professional of the Year, 2013
25 years of distinguished service.
30 years of distinguished service.
Recognizing 35 magical years with the Walt Disney Company.
Aga Khan Award for Architecture (AKAA), 1994, Nominated for Adventureland design, in Disneyland Paris
Career
Mehrabad International Airport and Azadi Sport Complex. (1969-1968) Head Architect at Farmanfarma Architectural firm.
Designing, and producing the 10-year Master Plan for Disneyland. (1969)
Promoted as lead designer for Disneyland project, working with studio and Disney directors and WED(Walt Disney Imagineering) architect designing the projects for Disneyland. (1971)
Big Thunder Mountain Railroad. Lead Architect alongside art director at that time, Mr. Tony Baxter. California, USA. (1972-1976)
Epcot. Florida, United States (1 October 1982).
Canada Pavilion at Epcot, opening on (1977- 1 October 1982), They were the project design architect.
Morocco Pavilion at Epcot, opening on (1980- 7 September 1984), They were the project design architect.
Afriqa Pavilion at Epcot, They were the project design architect.
Tokyo Disneyland. Lead designer and site theme inspector. Urayasu, Japan. (1982- 15 April 1983)
Disneyland Park (Paris) (Euro Disneyland). Chief architect for Western Land and Adventureland. Marne-la-Vallée, France. (1986 started the design, 1988 moved to France, opening on 12 April 1992)
Fantasyland Pre-opening site inspection. (1992)
Activated CDM Group in Los Angeles, USA. (2000)
Tokyo Disney Resort, Tokyo DisneySea Hotel MiraCosta. Chief architect and art director. (2001)
Animal Kingdom Resort Area. Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge, (Chief design director working alongside executive director, Joe Rohde, art directors and architects). Florida, USA. (2001)
Hong Kong Disneyland. Concept chief design director and design developer. Lantau Island, Hong Kong. (2001-2004)
Saraya project, working with Hettema Group as a design director. Aqaba, Jordan. (2004- 2007)
Theming Intercontinental Hotel, Aqaba
Legend project in Dubai.
Sea World project in Dubai.
Major project in Kangwon Land Korea
Consultant for WDI designing Ratatouille: The Adventure project for Disneyland Paris. (2009)
Main Street, Shanghai Disneyland Park, consultant for WDI designing main entrance and Main Street for Shanghai Disneyland Park and design development with Gensler firm in Los Angeles. Shanghai, China. (2011)(Open date in 16 June 2016)
Theming Ocean Water Park Project, Iran's first outdoor themed water park. Kish Island, Iran. (2013-2016) Hezaro Yek Shahr Project, Tehran's first theme park. (2013-2016)
External links
References
1938 births
Living people
People from Arak, Iran
Iranian architects
University of Tehran alumni
University of Utah alumni
Católicos por La Raza is a political association organized by Ricardo Cruz in the later 1960s in Los Angeles, California. Formed in the fall of 1969, Católicos por La Raza was made up of Chicano Catholic student activists who were engaged with both "their Catholic and Chicano heritage," enabling them to name and fight against the racism in the Catholic Church and the effects on the community. The CPLR was concerned with the discrimination and hypocrisy of the church's institutional power and wealth, arguing that such should be "brought to bear in solving the current Chicano urban and rural crisis". CPLR sought to transform the Church into an institution for social change, creating projects focussed on housing development, education, and small business development; believing that the Catholic Church in Los Angeles should use its power and wealth to address the economic and social needs of Mexican Americans.
The CPRL, among many other organizations in the larger Chicano Movement, served to fight police brutality, employment discrimination, and the systemic racism in religious, educational, and political institutions. While the Católicos por La Raza was only active for a few years, the association's actions propelled various other movements in the 1970s, such as PADRES, an organization of Chicano priests, and Las Hermanas, an organization of Chicana/Latinas religious women.
Criticisms of the Catholic Church
For the Católicos por La Raza, the Catholic Church's use of power and wealth exemplified a deep hypocrisy existing within the institution, such wealth on one hand and such poverty on the other. The church was willing to continue to invest in extravagance while many of those in its faith were suffering. The CPLR released a statement claiming, "In a word, we are demanding that the Catholic Church practice what it preaches...And remember that the history of our people is the history of the Catholic Church in the Americas. We must return the Church to the poor. OR DID CHRIST DIE IN VAIN?" The CPLR was concerned that the Church continuing to abandon its Chicano population would lead to the next generation to view the church solely as an obstacle to their struggle for economic, political, and social independence. CPLR argued that the "religious dollar must be invested, without return expected, in the barrios."
St. Basil's Protests
Located on Wilshire Boulevard, just west of downtown Los Angeles, St. Basil's Church was considered a "magnificent statement of faith," when it was first constructed. Costing roughly 3.5 million dollars, the extravagant church quickly became an architectural pillar in the city. Growing discontent at the inequality expressed by the Church "took aim at the opulence, power, and three-million-dollar price tag of St. Basil's." CPLR saw the construction of St. Basil's as a clear demonstration of the Church's lack of concern with Mexican American struggles. Oscar Zeta Acosta referred to St. Basil's in The Revolt of the Cockroach People as a "monstrosity with a fantastic organ [that] pumps out a spooky religious hymn to this Christ Child of Golden Locks and Blue Eyes overlooking the richest drag in town".
St. Basil's became the sight of many of CPLR's demonstrations. In June 1969, at the church's dedication service, concerned Catholics protested outside, holding signs that read: "$1,000,000 for glass and stone, but for the poor ???"
On October 11, 1969, a group of Chicano students tried to see Cardinal James Francis McIntyre, but only Cruz and Joe Aragon were admitted. The Cardinal reportedly treated Cruz and Aragon "like trash," and threatened to arrest the other CPLR members that had entered. Again, in December, many attempts were made to discuss the CPLR's demands with the Cardinal, all of which were unsuccessful. A plan was made to peacefully disrupt the Christmas Eve midnight mass, organizing a list of demands for the Catholic Church that "included the use of church facilities for community work, for shared governance with religious leaders, housing and educational assistance, and for the development of healthcare programs." On December 24, 1969, Ricardo Cruz led a march of 300 people to St. Basil's, gathering outside and chanting "Que viva la raza" and "Catholics for the people." Aware that protestors were coming, the church locked its front doors, leading CPLR members to use the side entrances, where they were met by undercover County Sheriffs posed as church ushers. "Chaos ensued" as the protesters were beaten and chased off the grounds by the sheriffs and church officials Accounts of the event vary, and while images and personal testimony exemplify the brutality on part of the sheriffs, the Los Angeles Times portrayed the protesters as a violent mob, using the headline "Club-Swinging Mob Breaks Into Church at Christmas Mass."
The following day the LAPD launched an investigation of the protest, resulting in the arrest of twenty-one CPLR activists charged with "disrupting a religious service." While the violence and arrests were a setback the CPRL continued to conduct protests on site at St. Basil's. On December 29, a sympathizer Bishop Parilla from Puerto Rico celebrated mass in a dirt lot across the street from St. Basil's. In early January, approximately January 1–4, protesters engaged in a hunger strike on the lawn of the church's property. On January 24, 1970, exactly one month after the Christmas Eve protest, students and other protesters conducted a midnight march from the downtown chancery to St. Basil's. The final protest at St. Basil's was on September 13, 1970, where Ricardo Cruz and some other 20 CPRL burned their baptism certificates.
Religion and the Chicano Movement
On February 11, 1970,El Grito del Nortepublished an article commenting on the tension between the Chicano movement and the Church, commenting that "to build power among Mexican-Americans presents a threat to the Church; to demand reform of Anglo-controlled institutions stirs up dissension." The actions of the CPRL served as a larger class critique and "naming of the church's historic relationship to white supremacy." This naming calls to a long history of the intertwined relationship between the church and colonial rule. Historian Richard Martínez argues that “During the period between 1848 and 1960, the church effectively functioned as a partner in the colonization process by helping to maintain the racial and capitalist order in the Southwest.”
External links
The Ricardo Cruz-Catolicos por La Raza Papers 1967-1993 at the California Ethnic and Multicultural Archives
1969: Chicano Movement Rising Rosalio Urias Munoz Published on LatinoLA: October 13, 2009
Católicos por la Raza and the Cardinal's Midnight Mass: Interrupting the Eucharist to Establish Just Worship: May 2, 2016.
Ricardo Cruz / Catolicos por La Raza Papers, 1967-1993 at the California Ethnic and Multicultural Archives
References
Mexican-American culture in Los Angeles
Mexican-American organizations
Daniela Oltean (born July 24, 1980, in Cluj-Napoca, Cluj County) is a Romanian long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.
Personal records
Tournament summary
Source:
References
External links
Oltean at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Oltean at SkateResults.com
1980 births
Living people
Romanian female speed skaters
Speed skaters at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of Romania
Sportspeople from Cluj-Napoca
Shin Young-sun (born 30 October 1969) is a South Korean biathlete. They competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
1969 births
Living people
South Korean male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of South Korea
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in biathlon
Biathletes at the 1990 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Winter Games
20th-century South Korean people
21st-century South Korean people
The 101st Regiment of Foot, or Johnston's Highlanders, was an infantry regiment of the British Army, formed in 1760 and disbanded in 1763. The regiment was raised in 1760 by the regimentation of independent companies of infantry raised in Argyll and Ross-shire; in 1761 it was moved into England, and its other ranks drafted to the 87th and 88th Foot.
The officers were returned to Perth to assemble another six companies in 1762, but after these were assembled the regiment was disbanded due to the end of hostilities. The unofficial title "Johnston's Highlanders" was adopted from its first Major-Commandant, Sir James Johnston of Westerhall.
References
Infantry regiments of the British Army
Military units and formations established in 1760
Military units and formations disestablished in 1763
Acrylophenone is an organic compound with the formula C9H8O. It is prepared using acetophenone, formaldehyde, and an amine hydrochloride in a Mannich reaction. It can be polymerized to poly(phenylvinyl ketone) via radical or anionic mechanisms. It is sometimes used as a comonomer in the manufacturing of certain resins.
References
Aromatic ketones
Monomers
Phenyl compounds
Enones
The Three Towers Hike is a Scouting-organised, downland hiking competition held annually in early spring, covering footpaths in West Berkshire and South Oxfordshire. It is organised by a team of scout leaders from Reading Central, Loddon, Taceham A Hundred and Pang Valley Scout Districts, all of which are within the Scout County of Royal Berkshire of the Scout Association.
It is a competitive event, without an overnight camp (although teams must be equipped to bivouac if the conditions are severe enough to warrant it). It was first held as a senior event (Walkers over the age of 18) but now includes three other age groups.
Scheduling
The hike usually takes place on the second or third Saturday in April, but this may vary depending on the timing of Easter. The event accepts registration from 1 November the previous year.
History
The first Three Towers Hike took place during the 1970s, when only the Senior event was available. Originally based around the North and West of Reading, the hike gets its name from the three large water towers that were passed.
In the 1980s the route was significantly altered to include more rural paths in West Berkshire and South Oxfordshire.
Since its beginning, the Hike has run every year with few exceptions, the most notable being in 2001 due to Foot and Mouth concerns.
Officially not against the hike rules at the time, one team on the 2002 Junior Event swam across the River Thames during the race after finding themselves several miles up stream of the nearest bridge. The team then went on to complete the event but were later disqualified and a new hike rule was added to prohibit this in future.
Events
The Hike currently comprises four different competitions, each of different lengths and following a slightly different route. The competitions are identified below.
Classic Event: This is the founding event, open to entries ages 15½ or older. The total length of the Classic Event is 70 km (43–45 miles) depending on route taken. This event was known as the Senior Event from 1995 until 2007.
Explorer Event: Following the popularity of the Scout Event, in 2003 the Explorer Event was added. This Event is open to any Explorer Scout or Ranger Guide aged at least 13½ but under 18 years. The Explorer Event covers a distance of 45 km, or around 28 miles.
Scout Event: The Scout Event was introduced in the 1990s for scouts aged up to 16 years (later reduced to 14). The Scout Event covers a distance of 27 km or about 17 miles. This event was known as the Junior Event from 1995 until 2007.
Tim's Junket Event: In 2012, in honour of the Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II, a fifth event called the Jubilee event was held for one year only. This was an open event for teams aged 16 or over and covered just 15 km. This was to encourage participation, in the outdoors adventure that the hike tries to promote, for adults who didn't feel they could manage the Classic event. In 2013 a modified and extended version called the JubileePlus was held with a length of 20 km. As a memorial to the long-standing member of hike staff, Tim Jenkins, the JubileePlus was renamed Tim's Junket for future events. This event is open to all ages and particularly family groups.
Discontinued events
ScoutPlus Event: The ScoutPlus Event was introduced in 2010 for Scouts aged 13 and 14. The ScoutPlus Event covered a distance of 40 km or about 24 miles. It was discontinued after 2016 due to a low level of uptake.
Routes and checkpoints
The hike does not prescribe a specific route for hikers to use. It publishes a series of checkpoints from which a navigation exercise will deduce the best route to take. In most cases there is usually one obvious path, however, there are some sections where a choice can be made by the navigator.
Purley: This is the start location for the Classic only. It is located in Purley-on-Thames
Pangbourne Working Men's Club: This is the start location for the Scout event and is located in the village of Pangbourne.
Gatehampton: This is the first checkpoint arrived at by Classic and Scout hikers. It is located near to the village of Goring-on-Thames.
Stitchen's Green: This is the second checkpoint arrived at by Classic and Scout hikers.
Warren Farm: This is the third checkpoint arrived at by Classic and Scout hikers. It is also a major refreshment and first aid point. The checkpoint is on part of The Ridgeway.
Fairmile: This is an off-road checkpoint and fourth in sequence. It is visited by Classic and Scout hikers.
Blewbury: This location was the start of the Explorer event until 2018, hikers having been transported out from Tilehurst. It is visited by Classic and Tim's Junket hikers. From 2013 it was no longer visited by Scout teams. It is located in the village of Blewbury.
Churn Bridge: This off-road location was a new checkpoint for 2013 and is only for Scout teams. The location is by an old railway bridge that was once part of the DNSR.
East Hendred: This location is visited by Classic and Explorer teams. It is located between Blewbury and Catmore on The Ridgeway
Catmore: This location is visited by Classic and Explorer teams. It is located between East Hendred and East Ilsley in the tiny hamlet of Catmore.
East Ilsley: This location is based at the Ilsleys Primary School in East Ilsley and is visited by all hikers. Prior to 2013 it was the end for Scout and Jubilee hikers.
Cheseridge: This off-road location was a new checkpoint from 2013 and covers Tim's Junket and Scout routes. It is located between East Ilsley and Compton.
Compton: This was a new location from 2013 based at Compton Scout HQ in the village of Compton in West Berkshire. It provides a finish location for Scout teams as well as a start and finish for Tim's Junket, from 2018 the Explorer hike also checks-in and starts here.
Banterwick: This location is west of Hampsread Norreys and is for Explorer and Classic hikers.
Haw Farm: This location just east of Hampstead Norreys is for Explorer and Classic hikers.
Ashampstead: This off-road checkpoint location is for Explorer and Classic hikers. It is located between Haw Farm and Pangbourne College.
Pangbourne College: This checkpoint is located at Pangbourne College and is for Explorer and Classic hikers.
Sulham: This off-road location is for Explorer and Classic hikers.
Water Tower: This landmark location is situated next to Tilehurst Water Tower for Explorer and Classic hikers.
79th Reading: This is the final location of the Explorer and Classic events. It is also the check-in location for the Classic event and is the main control centre for the Three Towers Hike.
Event records
Records do not include times before 2003.
Classic
Explorer
ScoutPlus
Scout
Jubilee Plus
Whisky 5 Alpha (5th Woodley Scouts) recorded a time of 04:14 in 2007, when the Scout event rules allowed for older teams.
Marketing and branding
The Three Towers Hike has adopted the Scout Association's branding style including the use of the SerifBlack font family in Scout Purple and Green. Its self-developed brand has raised the event's visibility and is now recognisable as part of the hike's identification.
Tagline
The Three Towers Hike's tagline is "Outdoors, Challenge, Adventure". This was created to convey the core values of the competition.
See also
Scouting
Ten Tors
Four Inns Walk
References
External links
Three Towers Hike official website
Berkshire Scouts homepage
Reading Central Scout District
Taceham Hundred Scout District
Long Distance Walking Association
Scouting events
The Scout Association
Challenge walks
Flight 311 may refer to:
Aero Flight 311, plane crash in 1961
Thai Airways International Flight 311, plane crash in 1992
0311
Baczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Loabi Vevijje is an upcoming Maldivian romantic film directed by Ali Seezan. Produced by Shaniz Ali and Aminath Shanaaz under S Production, the film stars Ahmed Nimal, Ali Seezan, Mariyam Azza, Ahmed Easa, Ali Azim and Irufana Ibrahim in pivotal roles.
Cast
Ahmed Nimal
Ali Seezan
Mariyam Azza
Aminath Rishfa
Ahmed Easa as Maajidh
Ali Azim as Haseeb
Abdullah Shafiu Ibrahim
Irufana Ibrahim
Ali Shameel
Aminath Nisha
Development
During the shooting of the film, Andhirikan (2020), on 26 September 2019, director Seezan announced the title of their upcoming film as Loabi Vevijje. Pre-production of the film, including finalizing the script, songs recording and mixing was proceeded during the next two months. The film was officially launched on 11 December 2019. Filming commenced on 24 December 2019 in GDh. Thinadhoo and continued till 8 January 2020. Apart from Thinadhoo, some scenes of the film were shot in Sri Lanka during March 2020. Filming was halted due to the COVID-19 pandemic, with two scenes pending to be shot in Male'. In May 2022, it was reported that Aishath Rishmy was roped in to direct some songs of the film. With the indication of cinema re-opening, post COVID-19, the crew resumed the shoot of the remaining scenes of the film, including the songs in GDh. Thinadhoo.
Soundtrack
The first single of the film "Miss Veyey", a bonus song of the film's soundtrack album, performed by Abdul Hannan Moosa Didi after a long hiatus, was released on 14 February 2021, on the occasion of Valentines Day.
Release
The film was scheduled for theatrical release for mid-2020, but was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
References
Maldivian romantic drama films
Upcoming films
Films postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Films directed by Ali Seezan
The 2020 United States presidential election in the District of Columbia was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. District of Columbia voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and their running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. The District of Columbia has three electoral votes in the Electoral College. Prior to the election, Biden was virtually certain to win D.C. The nation's capital is heavily Democratic and has voted for the Democratic nominee by massive margins in every presidential election it has participated in.
As has happened in every presidential election since the passage of the Twenty-third Amendment in 1961, granting the District electors, the Democratic nominee won the District overwhelmingly. Biden's 86.75 point margin of victory was virtually identical to that secured by Hillary Clinton in 2016. Nevertheless, the nation's capital shifted very slightly to the right compared with the previous election, making Biden the first non-incumbent Democrat since 1988 to win D.C. by a smaller margin than in the previous cycle.
Primary elections
The District of Columbia held primary elections on June 2, 2020.
Republican primary
Donald Trump ran unopposed in the Republican primary, and thus received all of the district's 19 delegates to the 2020 Republican National Convention.
Democratic primary
General election
Final predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Results
Notes
See also
United States presidential elections in the District of Columbia
2020 Washington, D.C. elections
2020 United States elections
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
References
Further reading
External links
(Affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
District of Columbia
2020
Presidential
Kahalgaon Railway Station is a railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated beside National Highway 80 at Kahalgaon in Bhagalpur district in the Indian state of Bihar.
References
Railway stations in Bhagalpur district
Malda railway division
Martin Baes, latinised as Bassius (fl. 1604–1637) was a Flemish engraver and printmaker who mainly worked for publishers in a number of cities. They worked on a number of religious publications that were aimed at English Catholics.
Life
Very little is known about the life of this artist. On stylistic grounds it is assumed that they trained as an engraver in Antwerp. They were therefore possibly a native of Antwerp. Martin Baes worked for the publishers in Saint-Omer in 1614, Tournai in 1617, Arras in 1623 and Douai in 1618-1623.
Most of what is known about them is based on their surviving works. They primarily produced portraits. They possibly died in Doornik.
References
External links
Flemish engravers
Artists from Antwerp
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Close range marketing, commonly referred to as CRM, is a form of proximity marketing. Close Range Marketing is an emerging technology that allows businesses to both promote goods and services and involve their customers in interacting with the business. It commonly uses bluetooth technology to transfer content to cellular devices or laptops within the range of the transmitter. While Bluetooth is the most common means of transmitting, other signal types such as Wi-Fi and FM are becoming more common.
In order for close range marketing to work effectively, a person needs to have some sort of application installed to their mobile device that accepts push notifications. One example of CRM use is the use of coupons. A user receives a coupon notification from an application that they previously installed saying that there is a store nearby that they can make use of that coupon. Another example of CRM includes the usage of beacons. Setting up beacons throughout the store makes it possible to track the customer while they are inside. The beacons can show which areas of the store are least or most popular.
References
Marketing techniques
Dr Eileen Joyce Harris (born 1932) is an American/English architectural historian and author.  They are an expert on Robert Adam and is Honorary Librarian and Consultant to the Adam Project at Sir John Soane's Museum in London.
Early and family life
Eileen Joyce Harris is American and married to Englishman John Harris, has a son, Lucian Guthrie, and a daughter, Georgina, and lives in London and Badminton, Gloucestershire, UK. Eileen Harris (née Spiegel) was born in November 1932 to Paul Spiegel (20 June 1904 - 15 June 1991) and Irene Stein (14 September 1900, Russia - 25 December 1991) in the city of Brooklyn, New York. Eileen also has a younger brother, Michael Ivan Spiegel (25 December 1934, Brooklyn, New York - 3 August 2012, San Francisco, California), who was a famous antitrust lawyer and also Deputy Attorney General of California for 25 years.
Career
Harris is an internationally recognised Robert Adam scholar, publishing extensively on the subject for over 40 years. Harris, along with Nicholas Savage (of the Royal Academy Library), has been working part-time on an integrated catalogue of Sir John Soane's art, architectural and general volumes and pamphlets in their library at Sir John Soane's Museum, being made available online.
Books (in reverse chronology)
The Country Houses of Robert Adam (2007) From the Archives of Country Life, Aurum Press Ltd, , .
The Genius of Robert Adam: Their Interiors (2001) Paul Mellon Centre for Studies, Yale University Press, , . Selected by Choice as a 2003 Outstanding Academic Title. Selected by Architects Journal as one of the Books of the Year (2001).
Osterley Park, Middlesex (1994) National Trust Guide Books, , .
Architectural Books in Britain, 1556-1785: An Historical and Bibliographical Account (1990) Rizzoli Intl Pubns, , .
Arbours & Grottos. A Facsimile of the Two Parts of Universal Architecture, 1755 and 1758 (1979) Scolar Press, , .
Sir William Chambers: Knight of the Polar Star (1970) with J. Mordaunt Crook and John Harris, Zwemmer, , .
Furniture of Robert Adam (1963) Chapters in Art Series, Tiranti, , .
Books - Exhibition Catalogues
Hooked on Books: The Library of Sir John Soane, Architect 1753-1837 (2004) edited with Nicholas Savage, Sir John Soane's Museum.
Articles
Robert Adam on Park Avenue: The Interiors for Bolton House (1995) The Burlington Magazine, Vol 137, No 1103, February 1995, pp 68–75.
The Lansdowne House drawing room: reconstructing Adam - properly (1992) Apollo, No 366, 1992, pp 83–86.
Sir John Soane's Library: "O, Books! Ye Monuments of Mind" (1990) Apollo, No 338, April 1990, part of pp 224–251.
John Wood's system of architecture (1989) The Burlington Magazine, No 1031, 1989, p 101.
"Vitruvius Britannicus" before Colin Campbell (1986) The Burlington Magazine, Vol 128, No 998, May 1986, pp 340–346.
Burke and Chambers on the Sublime and Beautiful (1967) Essays in the History of Architecture Presented to Rudolf Wittkower on their 65th birthday, edited by Douglas Fraser, Howard Hibbard and Milton J Lewine, Phaidon, London, pp 207–13.
References
External links
Sir John Soane's Museum
Country Life magazine, David Watkin's review of The Country Houses of Robert Adam, 1 November 2007
1932 births
Living people
English architectural historians
People from Brooklyn
People from Badminton, Gloucestershire
Conor Dignam is an Irish lawyer who has been a judge of the High Court since December 2021. They were formerly a barrister.
Early life
Dignam studied political science at Trinity College Dublin, graduating in 1992. They subsequently obtained a diploma in legal studies and trained to be a barrister at the King's Inns.
Legal career
They were called to the Bar in 1996 and became a senior counsel in 2011. They practiced in the area of public law, with specialisations in child and health law.
The Health Service Executive appointed Dignam and Siobhán Phelan to represent interests of an unborn child in PP v. HSE in 2014. They acted for the Garda Síochána, Nóirín O'Sullivan and Martin Callinan at the Disclosures Tribunal.
They chaired an inquiry into the Leas Cross scandal in 2010 and was commissioned to write an investigative report arising out of the 'Grace' case.
Outside of practice, they were appointed a board member of Community Law & Mediation in 2020 and was the vice chair of the Bar Council of Ireland. They served as chair of the Bar Council's human rights committee and was a Bar Council representative on the Superior Courts Rules Committee.
Judicial career
Dignam was one of three people nominated by the government in November 2021 to be appointed judges of the High Court. They were appointed on 6 December 2021.
References
Living people
High Court judges (Ireland)
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Alumni of King's Inns
Year of birth missing (living people)
Irish barristers
The 2022 Nor.Ca. Men's Handball Championship was the third edition of the tournament. It took place in Mexico City at the Mexican Olympic Sports Center from 26 to 30 June 2022.
Preliminary round
Standings
All times are local (UTC−5).
Results
Final round
Third place match
Final
Final standing
References
External links
2022 Men
Nor.Ca. Men's Handball Championship
Nor.Ca. Men's Handball Championship
Nor.Ca. Men's Handball Championship
Nor.Ca.
Sports competitions in Mexico City
The 1931 Gonzaga Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented Gonzaga University as an independent during the 1931 college football season. In their first year under head coach Mike Pecarovich, the Bulldogs compiled a 3–4 record and outscored opponents by a total of 116 to 59.
Schedule
References
Gonzaga
Gonzaga Bulldogs football seasons
Gonzaga Bulldogs football
Victor Mohica (born Victor Mojica; July 31, 1933 – October 17, 2019) was an American actor. Though of Puerto Rican descent, they often portrayed Native Americans in their roles. Their works include guest-star episode of Dark Shadows television series in 1969, featured actor in an episode of the Bearcats! television series in the fall of 1971, featured actor in the pilot episode of Ellery Queen television series in 1975, Little House on the Prairie Pilot Movie in 1974 and West Side Story Broadway version in 1968. Their film credits include roles in Showdown (1973), Johnny Firecloud (1975), Victory at Entebbe (1976), Don't Answer the Phone (1980), The Final Countdown (1980), The Ghost Dance (1980) and Blood In Blood Out (1993).
Filmography
The Boy Who Stole a Million (1960) - Chico
Harbor Lights (1963) - Cardinal's Man (uncredited)
Operación Tiburón (1967)
Together (1971)
BANACEK-Detour to Nowhere (March 1972) - Joe Hawk
Showdown (1973) - Big Eye
Little House on the Prairie (1975) - Soldat du Chene
Johnny Firecloud (1975) - Johnny Firecloud
Victory at Entebbe (1976, TV movie) - Jaif
Stunts Unlimited (1980, TV movie) - Joe Tallia
Don't Answer the Phone (1980) - Ventura
The Final Countdown (1980) - Black Cloud
The Ghost Dance (1980) - Tom Eagle
Diplomatic Immunity (1991) - Customs Officer
Blackbelt (1992) - Emil Zolan
Blood In Blood Out (1993) - Mano (final film role)
References
External links
1933 births
2019 deaths
20th-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male television actors
Male actors from New York City
American people of Puerto Rican descent
Louis-Claude Brullé (died 8 January 1772 in Paris) was an 18th-century French printer and Encyclopédiste.
From 1752 until 1765, Brullé was a supervisor in the printing company of André le Breton, one of the four publishers of the Encyclopédie. Brullé helped their employer to censor this book, which earned them the lasting resentment of Diderot.
Brullé wrote the articles Imprimerie and Prote for the Encyclopédie.
References
External links
Franck A. Kafker, « Brullé : l'ostrogoth identifié », Recherches sur Diderot et sur l'Encyclopédie, n° 27
Imprimerie on Wikisource
Prote on Wikisource
French printers
Contributors to the Encyclopédie (1751–1772)
1772 deaths
Heinrich Lebensaft (22 March 1905 – 25 December 1991) was an Austrian footballer. They played in six matches for the Austria national football team from 1924 to 1927.
References
External links
1905 births
1991 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Alan Shinkfield is an Australian writer based in Emu Park, mainly covering the field of Christianity and Christian beliefs.
Career
Alan Shinkfield was born in a middle-class family. Although the family was not practicing, Shinkfield found interest in religion through their primary education and co-curricular activities. Shinkfield spent most of their childhood studying and working on small jobs to cover their expenses. Shinkfield notably became interested in music and played various instruments, eventually learning from a voice production instructor based in Melbourne.
Shinkfield started writing after an MVA made them an invalid pensioner and later an aged pensioner. On an electric typewriter the first book took about ten years. After becoming a pensioner they sought volunteer work in community and sporting fields. Shinkfield's works for Christianity came into the limelight once they started helping in the services at the Methodist Church. Their routine position was that of a sales representative. They became a part of a group comprising 16 to 20 people. The group traveled about 100 miles a weekend preaching with one of the layperson's understandings of the Book of Revelation. Eventually, their preaching expanded to the whole of Eastern Australia. They married in 1954, having four girls and two boys.
Shinkfield became renowned for their works and was cited as a notable writer in Social News, Telegra, and ArticleBiz among others.
Books
A Layman's Understanding of Satan's Evil
What Everyone Should Know but It Is Not Taught in School!
Beulah
The Book That No One Should Read!
Christianity
A Full Circle!
References
Australian writers
The Journal of Orthopaedic & Sports Physical Therapy is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research about musculoskeletal rehabilitation, orthopaedics, physical therapy, and sports medicine. It was established in 1979, following the founding of the Orthopedic and Sports Medicine sections of the American Physical Therapy Association and resulted from a merger of the Bulletin of the Orthopaedic Section and the Bulletin of the Sports Medicine Section. Initially published quarterly, the journal is now monthly. It is abstracted and indexed by PubMed/MEDLINE and CINAHL.
External links
Publications established in 1979
Orthopedics journals
Physical therapy journals
English-language journals
Delayed open access journals
Gregory Hugh O'Donnell (April 8, 1952 — May 26, 2016) was a business person and former political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. They represented Memramcook and then Dieppe-Memramcook in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1987 to 1999 as a Liberal member.
They were born in Memramcook, New Brunswick, the son of William O'Donnell and Julia Leblanc. They were educated at the Université de Moncton. O'Donnell served as Minister of Supply and Services from 1998 to 1999. In 1995, they defeated Bernard Lord to win their seat in the provincial assembly. O'Donnell was defeated when they ran for reelection in 1999.
References
Canadian Parliamentary Guide, 1997, Kathryn O'Handley
1952 births
New Brunswick Liberal Association MLAs
Living people
People from Westmorland County, New Brunswick
Canadian people of Irish descent
Canadian people of French descent
Members of the Executive Council of New Brunswick
Université de Moncton alumni
Oscar Seborer (June 4, 1921 – April 23, 2015), codenamed Godsend, was an atomic spy for the Soviet Union who worked at the Clinton Engineer Works in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, and the Los Alamos Laboratory in New Mexico.
Early life
Oscar Seborer was born in New York City on June 4, 1921, the youngest child of Jewish Polish immigrants Abraham Seborer, a clerk, and Jennie (Scheine) Chanover. They had four older siblings: three brothers, Max, Noah and Stuart, and a sister, Rose. Abraham and Jennie lived in what was then called Palestine from 1934 to 1938, and Oscar apparently lived there with them.
All five children had some contact with the Communist Party USA (CPUSA). Max's first wife Rita Beigel was the sister of Rose Beigel Arenal, the second wife of Leopoldo Arenal, the brother of artist Luis Arenal Bastar. Leopoldo and Luis were involved in a plot to kill Leon Trotsky. Rose Beigel Arenal forwarded mail from Leopoldo to Elizabeth Bentley. After Rose's death, Max married Celia Posen, who had served as a nurse with the Abraham Lincoln Battalion during the Spanish Civil War, and was friends with Harry Magdoff, Irving Kaplan and Stanley Graze. Max never joined the CPUSA, but their brother Noah did. Noah was close to Frederick Vanderbilt Field, Maurice Halperin and Albert Maltz, a screenwriter who later became one of the blacklisted Hollywood Ten. Oscar's sister Rose worked for the CPUSA in New York in administrative positions.
Neither Oscar nor Stuart joined the CPUSA. Stuart attended City College of New York (CCNY) with Julius Rosenberg and William Perl. In 1941, Stuart joined the Treasury Department, where they worked under William Ullman, Frank Coe and Harry Dexter White. During World War II, Stuart served in the Army in Europe, earning the Silver Star. Their wife Miriam Zeitlin served with the WAVES in the Bureau of Ships. During a routine Hatch Act of 1939 investigation in 1942, they denied having any involvement with the CPUSA. Oscar also attended CCNY but then enrolled at Ohio State University, where they studied electrical engineering.
Manhattan Project
Oscar was drafted into the Army in 1942, but due to their special training they were assigned to the Special Engineer Detachment (SED), a program that identified enlisted personnel with special technical or scientific skills, and put them to work on the Manhattan Project, the effort to build an atomic bomb. They were assigned to the Clinton Engineer Works in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, and then to the Los Alamos Laboratory in New Mexico. They were present at the Trinity nuclear test on July 16, 1945, with a group measuring the seismological effect of the explosion.
Post-war
Stuart was discharged from the Army in 1946, but continued to work for it in a civilian capacity with the Civil Affairs Division in Europe. They wrote a report on economic progress in Bizone, Germany in 1949, and one on the Army's education program the following year. Stuart's wife Miriam graduated from George Washington University Medical School that year, but when they applied for a job at the State Department, they were told that they would not be granted the necessary security clearance.
Oscar applied for a civilian position at Los Alamos in 1947, but withdrew their application. Instead, they went to the University of Michigan, where they completed their master's degree in electrical engineering. After they graduated in August 1948, they took a job at the US Navy's Underwater Sound Laboratory in New London, Connecticut, where research on sonar for submarines was conducted. In August 1949, the commanding officer recommended their termination as a security risk, but on August 29 a review board overturned this decision. They were transferred to the Electronic Shore Division of the Bureau of Ships, where they were involved in the installation of electronic equipment in American and European harbors. The equipment itself was not secret, but the location of devices was. They were the only man working in the unit who did not hold a security clearance. On June 1, 1951 they tendered their resignation.
Emigration
On 3 July 1951, Stuart, Oscar, Miriam and Miriam's mother Anna boarded the liner bound for Le Havre. They then flew to Israel, where they visited Abraham and Jennie, who had re-emigrated in August 1950 and were living in Gan Yavne. They went to Vienna, and then to Moscow. Stuart and Oscar were employed there by the Soviet Academy of Sciences. Miriam and Stuart divorced in September 1961, and they returned to the United States in December 1969. They later worked as a medical technician at the United Nations until 1974. They died in 2002. Stuart and Oscar married Russian women. They became friends with Donald MacLean, a British spy for the Soviet Union who had worked with them. Stuart wrote a couple of books including US Neocolonialism in Africa (1974), which was translated into English, and Weaponry and Dollars: The Wellsprings of U.S. Foreign Policy (1987), which was published only in Russian.
Discovery
American codebreakers working on Venona found that the Manhattan Project had been penetrated by Soviet spies, which gave it the codename "Enormous". They found references to codenames for three Soviet atomic spies working at Los Alamos: "M'Lad", who turned out to be Theodore Hall; "Caliber", who was David Greenglass; and "Godsend", who was ultimately identified as Oscar Seborer. Since Klaus Fuchs was also known to be a Soviet spy, there were at least four Soviet agents at Los Alamos.
Death
Oscar Seborer died in Moscow on April 23, 2015. Mourners included their brother Stuart and a representative from the Russian Federal Security Service.
Notes
References
1921 births
2015 deaths
American defectors to the Soviet Union
American spies for the Soviet Union
American people in the Venona papers
World War II spies for the Soviet Union
Ohio State University College of Engineering alumni
University of Michigan alumni
20th-century American Jews
United States Army soldiers
Manhattan Project people
Soviet Jews
Soviet people of Polish-Jewish descent
21st-century American Jews
Sidney Stretton (20 November 1902 – 14 January 1984) was an English cricketer. Stretton was a left-handed batsman who bowled left-arm fast. They were born at Stamford, Lincolnshire. They were registered at birth as Sydney Stretton.
Stretton made a single first-class appearance for Northamptonshire against Surrey at the County Ground, Northampton in the 1928 County Championship. In Northamptonshire's first-innings they were dismissed for a duck by Alan Peach, while in their second-innings they were dismissed for a single run by the same bowler. With the ball, they took the wickets of Charles Daily and Bob Gregory for the cost of 120 runs from 32 overs.
They died at Sutton-in-Ashfield, Nottinghamshire on 14 January 1984.
References
External links
Sidney Stretton at ESPNcricinfo
Sidney Stretton at CricketArchive
1902 births
1984 deaths
People from Stamford, Lincolnshire
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
Klemens Franz de Paula, Prince of Bavaria (Munich, 19 April 1722 – Munich, 6 August 1770) was the son of the Imperial Field Marshal, Ferdinand of Bavaria (1699–1738), and the grandson of Maximilian II Emanuel, Elector of Bavaria.
They married on 17 January 1742 Maria Anna, Pfalzgräfin von der Pfalz (1722–1790), daughter of
Joseph Charles of Bavaria, Count Palatine and Prince Hereditary of Sulzbach and Countess Palatine Elizabeth Augusta Sophie of Neuburg, They had two sons and two daughters, all of them died shortly after birth:
Duchess Maria of Bavaria (b. and d. 30 September 1748).
A son (b. and d. 31 May 1754).
Duchess Maria Anna of Bavaria (b. and d. 28 January 1755).
A son (b. and d. 23 June 1756).
If one of their sons had lived, they would have become Prince-elector of Bavaria in 1777 after the death of Maximilian III Joseph.
Sources
Oskar Klausner (ed.): Die Familie der Pfälzischen Wittelsbacher. Staatliches Liegenschaftsamt Heidelberg, 1995.
GeneaNet.org
House of Wittelsbach
1722 births
1770 deaths
Burials at the Theatine Church, Munich
Nobility from Munich
Knights of the Golden Fleece of Spain
Mungpoo (also referred to as Mangpu Cinchona Plantation, or rendered Mungpoo) is a village in the Kurseong 24 Bidhan Sabha Constituency Rangli Rangliot (community development block) in the Kurseong subdivision of the Darjeeling district in the state of West Bengal, India.
History
The ancient Incas, in what is now Peru, knew that the bark of a tree had miraculous property of curing Malaria. Carl Linnaeus established the botanical genus of Cinchona in 1742. Dr. Thomas Anderson, Superintendent of Royal Botanical Garden at Calcutta, started their experimental trial for cultivation of Cinchona in the Darjeeling Hills and in 1862 selected the Mangpu hills for commercial cultivation. After successful establishment of Cinchona plantation at Mangpu, it was extended to Munsong, Rongo, Latpanchar and Ambotia.
The Directorate of Cinchona and Other Medicinal Plants started functioning in Darjeeling in 1862, initially for growing Cinchona trees and to produce the life-saving anti-Malarial drug, Quinine, from its bark. Later, other medicinal or specialised plants were also grown.
The Nobel laureate poet Rabindranath Tagore visited Mangpu quite often between 1938 and 1940. They used to stay at the residence of their protége Maitreyi Devi, who was themselves a renowned poet and novelist. Maitreyi Devi's husband Manmohan Sen was at that time the director of the quinine factory in Mangpu. The bungalow has now been converted into Rabindra Bhavan, a museum containing Tagore's photographs, paintings, writings, and other paraphernalia. The museum also contains furniture that was designed and carved by Rathindranath Tagore. Maitreyi Devi recorded the stay of Rabindranath in their book Mangpute Rabindranath, the English translation of which is called Tagore By The fireside.
Geography
Location
Mangpu is located at
Mangpoo is 32 km east of Darjeeling. The elevation varies from .
Area overview
The map alongside shows the eastern portion of the Darjeeling Himalayan hill region and a small portion of the Terai region in its eastern and southern fringes, all of it in the Darjeeling district. In the Darjeeling Sadar subdivision 61.00% of the total population lives in the rural areas and 39.00% of the population lives in the urban areas. In the Kurseong subdivision 58.41% of the total population lives in the rural areas and 41.59% lives in the urban areas. There are 78 tea gardens/ estates (the figure varies slightly according to different sources), in the district, producing and largely exporting Darjeeling tea. It engages a large proportion of the population directly/ indirectly. Some tea gardens were identified in the 2011 census as census towns or villages. Such places are marked in the map as CT (census town) or R (rural/ urban centre). Specific tea estate pages are marked TE.
Note: The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India, Mangpu Cinchona Plantation had a total population of 25,000 1,109 (49%) were males and (51%) were females. There were 64 persons in the age range of 0 to 6 years. The total number of literate people in Mangpu Cinchona Plantation was 1,023 (92.25% of the population over 6 years).
Education
Saraswati Higher Secondary School is an English-medium coeducational institution established in 1945. It has facilities for teaching from class VI to class XII.
Gyanpith Higher Secondary School is another coeducational school located at Rungbee Division of Mungpoo which is under the WBCHSE curriculum. Sarada High School is also a coeducational school located at Mungpoor Division of Mungpoo which provides education up to Madhyamik level. Labdah Junior High School is another coeducational school which provides education till class 10. Kasturi High School is the only school in Mungpoo which is Nepali medium till class 10 for both boys and girls. Other than these school there are numerous private/primary schools in Mangpu viz., St. Joseph's School, St. Mangal Academy, Good Start Academy, Dolphin Nursery School, Labdah CP Primary School, Gramsewak Primary School, Hill Angels' School, St. Anthony' School, Dr. Ambedkar Memorial Welfare School, Green Hill Academy, Siddhartha Memorial School, Green Mountain English School, etc.
Healthcare
Mungpoo Government Cinchona Plantation Hospital is located below Nali Dara (which is the central meeting place of the whole Mangpu region).
Dowhill Central Hospital, with 40 beds, is located at Dow Hill and Latpanchar Cinchona Plantation Hospital, with 12 beds, is located at Latpanchar.
Road connections
Mungpoo is located at a distance of 52 km from Siliguri, 40 km from Kalimpong and 32 km from Darjeeling town. Nearest Railway station is New Jalpaiguri Railway Station (NJP) and nearest Airport is Bagdogra Airport (IX-B). Mungpoo is almost 88.8 KM far away from Gangtok and 67.3 KM away from Mirik.
References
Villages in Darjeeling district
Hove by-election may refer to:
1965 Hove by-election
1973 Hove by-election
Debre Selam (also known as Cencho) is a town in central Ethiopia. Located in the Arsi Zone of the Oromia Region, this town has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 1451 meters above sea level. It is the administrative center of Gololcha woreda.
According to the Oromia Regional government, this town currently lacks electricity, telephone and postal service.
Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency in 2005, Debre Selam has an estimated total population of 1,465 of whom 739 were males and 726 were females. The 1994 national census reported this town had a total population of 819 of whom 401 were males and 416 were females.
Notes
Populated places in the Oromia Region
Bluewater is a municipality located in Huron County, Ontario, which is part of Southwestern Ontario, Ontario, Canada. As of 2016, the municipality has a population of 7,136.
History
Bluewater was formed on January 1, 2001 when the Government of Ontario amalgamated the townships of Hay and Stanley with the villages of Bayfield, Hensall and Zurich.
Geography
Bluewater's western boundary is Lake Huron. Its northern boundary is the Bayfield River between Lake Huron and Clinton. Highway 4 is the eastern boundary, while Huron Road 83 and the Exeter urban boundary (in South Huron) form the southern boundary.
Communities
Bluewater includes the following communities:
Hay Township: Blake (shared with Stanley Township), Dashwood, Hensall, Kippen (shared with Huron East)(and formerly shared between Hay, Stanley and Tuckersmith Townships), St. Joseph, Zurich, Hay, Hills Green, Johnson's Mills, Rodgerville, Sarepta
Stanley Township: Bayfield, Brucefield (shared with Huron East), Kippen (shared with Huron East)(and formerly shared between Hay, Stanley and Tuckersmith Townships), Varna; Bannockburn, Dinsley Terrace, Drysdale, Goshen
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Bluewater had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
Notable persons
William Aberhart- Premier of Alberta
Ryan O'Reilly– Professional hockey player and Stanley Cup champion
Babe Siebert- Professional hockey player
See also
List of townships in Ontario
References
External links
Lower-tier municipalities in Ontario
Municipalities in Huron County, Ontario
José Manuel Moreno Periñán (born 7 May 1969) is a Spanish former cyclist and Olympic Champion. Moreno won the gold medal at the 1992 Olympic Games in Barcelona, for the Men's 1.000m Time Trial.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Cyclists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Spain
Spanish male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Spain
Olympic medalists in cycling
Cyclists from Amsterdam
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Spanish track cyclists
People from Chiclana de la Frontera
Sportspeople from the Province of Cádiz
Dutch people of Spanish descent
Dutch emigrants to Spain
Cyclists from Andalusia
Su Ting (蘇頲; 680 – July 31, 737), courtesy name Tingshuo (廷碩), formally Duke Wenxian of Xu (許文憲公), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian's Zhou Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. They were a capable supporting chancellor to Song Jing, and they were also immensely gifted literarily, ranking with Zhang Yue as the two great literary figures of their time. They were known in unison as 燕许大手笔 ("Immense pen-brushes from Yan and Xu").
Background
Su Ting was born in 680, near the end of the reign of Emperor Gaozong. At that time, their father Su Gui was serving on the staff of Emperor Gaozong's son Li Dan the Prince of Yu. It was said that Su Ting was intelligent and handsome in their youth, and was able to remember and recite texts with 1,000 characters.
During Wu Zetian's reign
During the reign of Emperor Gaozong's wife Wu Zetian, Su Ting passed the imperial examinations and was made the magistrate of Wucheng County (烏程, in modern Huzhou, Jiangsu). They eventually became an imperial censor with the title Jiancha Yushi (監察御史). Late in their reign, during the Chang'an era (701-705), they had Su review the cases that their secret police official Lai Junchen had handled early in their reign which had resulted in many executions. Su was able to uncover many wrongful convictions and get people's honors posthumously restored.
During Emperor Zhongzong's second reign
In 705, Wu Zetian was overthrown in a coup, and their son and crown prince Li Xian, a former emperor, returned to the throne (as Emperor Zhongzong). Su Ting was made an imperial attendant (給事中, Jishizhong) and an imperial scholar at Xiuwen Pavilion (修文館). They were soon made Zhongshu Sheren (中書舍人), a mid-level official at the legislative bureau of government (中書省, Zhongshu Sheng). Soon thereafter, Su Ting's father Su Gui was made chancellor, and the family was considered an exceedingly honored one. At that time, most official commissions were drafted by Su, and their language was considered very beautiful.
During Emperor Shang's reign and Emperor Ruizong's second reign
In 710, Emperor Zhongzong died suddenly—a death that traditional historians believed to be a poisoning carried out by their powerful wife Empress Wei and their daughter Li Guo'er the Princess Anle, so that Empress Wei could become "emperor" like Wu Zetian and Li Guo'er could be crown princess. Meanwhile, Emperor Zhongzong's son Li Chongmao the Prince of Wen was named emperor (as Emperor Shang), but Empress Wei retained power as empress dowager and regent. Less than a month later, Empress Wei and Li Guo'er were killed in a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong's sister Princess Taiping and nephew Li Longji the Prince of Linzi. Li Longji's father Li Dan the Prince of Xiang, themselves a former emperor, was initially named regent, and in the aftermaths of the coup, there were many commission and demotion orders to be written, with Su Ting in charge of drafting them. They were reading them so quickly to their scribe that the scribe commented, "Lord, please be slower. Otherwise, my wrist would be dislocated." The chancellor Li Jiao, who was Su Ting's superior and who was themselves known for great literary talent, commented, "The Sheren thinks as fast as a gushing spring. I, Li Jiao, cannot compare to him." Soon, under the urging of Princess Taiping, Li Longji, and Li Longji's brother Li Chengqi, Li Dan took the throne themselves (as Emperor Ruizong), displacing Emperor Shang. Sometime thereafter, Su Ting was made the deputy minister of worship (太常少卿, Taichang Shaoqing).
Later in 710, Su Gui died. Su Ting inherited the title of Duke of Xu and left government service to observe a mourning period for their father. Soon thereafter, Emperor Ruizong tried to recall them to government service as the deputy minister of public works (工部侍郎, Gongbu Shilang), which they declined—and when Emperor Ruizong sent the official Li Rizhi to visit Su Ting to urge them to return to government service, Li Rizhi saw that Su Ting's mourning was deep and genuine. Emperor Ruizong thus allowed Su Ting to serve out the traditional three-year mourning period.
During Emperor Xuanzong's reign
In 712, Emperor Ruizong passed the throne to Li Longji, who took the throne as Emperor Xuanzong. Once Su Ting's mourning period was over, Emperor Xuanzong began considering where they could place Su. They considered making Su Zhongshu Shilang (中書侍郎), the deputy head of the legislative bureau, but was unsure whether there was a precedent, and so they asked the chancellors, "Is there precedent for someone to become Zhongshu Shilang from being Gongbu Shilang?" They received a response of, "Your Imperial Majesty should care about whether they are suitable, not precedent." Emperor Xuanzong thus made Su Zhongshu Shilang—and gave them the unprecedented honor of sharing the food normally served only to chancellors. At that time, Li Ai (李乂), who was also a capable writer, was also Zhongshu Shilang. Emperor Xuanzong thus commented to Su:
This started a precedent for officials who draft imperial edicts to also leave their names on the edicts for posterity. Subsequently, after Emperor Ruizong died in 716, Emperor Xuanzong wanted to build a stele at Emperor Ruizong's tomb Jingling (靖陵). Su opposed, pointing out that not only was it not fitting with tradition, but that if they did so, all of the prior emperors' tombs needed to be retroactively given steles. Emperor Xuanzong thus stopped the project.
Around the new year 717, Su, whose title had been changed to Ziwei Shilang (紫微侍郎) by that point due to a number of name changes in offices that Emperor Xuanzong instituted, was given the designation Tong Ziwei Huangmen Pingzhangshi (同紫微黃門平章事), making them a chancellor de facto. They worked well with the more senior chancellor Song Jing. It was said that Song was strict and often made the decisions that Su obeyed. Whenever Song made reports to Emperor Xuanzong, Su would make reports that supplemented Song's. Song once commented:
Later in 717, there was a controversy over whether Emperors Zhongzong and Ruizong, as brothers, could both be worshipped at the ancestral temple. The officials in charge of worship, Chen Zhenjie (陳貞節), Feng Zong (馮宗), and Su Ting's cousin Su Xian (蘇獻), advocated moving Emperor Zhongzong's cult out of the imperial temple and having them worshipped at a separate temple, as they believed that the traditional requirement that the emperor worship seven ancestors referred to seven generations of ancestors, and that Emperors Zhongzong and Ruizong, of the same generation, thus constituted only one of the seven ancestors together. Sun Pingzi (孫平子), however, believed that this violated the principle that past emperors should all be worshipped. Because Su Xian was Su Ting's cousin, Su Ting advocated for him, and eventually their suggestion was accepted.
Over the next few years, Su concurred with Song on many matters of morality and governmental cleanliness, including:
In winter 717, when Emperor Xuanzong requested that Song and Su submit a number of formal names and titles for their sons and daughters—but separately requested a set of particularly honorable names, presumably for a favorite son—Song and Su pointed out that this would be viewed as favoritism, and therefore submitted a group of names without any designation as to what were particularly honorable names.
When Emperor Xuanzong's father-in-law Wang Renjiao (王仁皎) died, Wang Renjiao's son Wang Shouyi (王守一) requested that a tomb be built for Wang Renjiao that would be as large as Emperor Xuanzong's maternal grandfather Dou Xiaochen (竇孝諶), and Emperor Xuanzong initially agreed. Song and Su pointed out that Dou's tomb was already considered overly wasteful and should not be followed. Emperor Xuanzong agreed, and reduced the scale of Wang Renjiao's tomb.
By 720, however, Song's strictness would eventually bring their and Su's removal. Song had ordered that individuals who had repeatedly appealed their cases without cause be detained by the imperial censors, until they were willing to drop their appeals. This drew much anger from people. At that time, there happened to be a drought, which, according to popular beliefs at the time, would be accompanied by the appearance of a spirit known as the Hanba (旱魃). One day, while Emperor Xuanzong was watching a play, an actor dressed as the Hanba, and stated:
Meanwhile, further, Song and Su were strictly prohibiting the use of damaged coins, which they had tried to replace with newly minted coins. However, the damaged coins were still in circulation despite the prohibition, particularly in the region between the Yangtze River and the Huai River. Song sent the imperial censor Xiao Yinzhi (蕭隱之) to the region to be in charge of collecting the damaged coins and taking them out of circulation. Xiao was strict in their behavior, drawing much resentment. Emperor Xuanzong, when they heard this, demoted Xiao, and in spring 720 removed Song and Su from their chancellor posts, making Su the minister of rites (禮部尚書, Libu Shangshu) instead. They replaced Song and Su with Yuan Qianyao and Zhang Jiazhen.
In 725, when Emperor Xuanzong suspected that the civil service selections were not done properly, they commissioned 10 officials, including Su, to reexamine the official commissions of that year, against advice that doing so undermined the authority of the civil service affairs ministry, although they stopped doing this in 726. Also in 725, when Emperor Xuanzong offered sacrifices to heaven and earthat Mount Tai, they had Su draft the text of the monument there.
It was said that Su was frugal and did not care about money—and that they shared their salaries with their younger brothers and family members, with no savings left. They died in 727. Initially, there were no posthumous honors given to him. The official Wei Shu (韋述) submitted a petition pointing out Su's contributions, and Emperor Xuanzong, in response, bestowed posthumous honors on Su.
Notes and references
Old Book of Tang, vol. 88.
New Book of Tang, vol. 125.
Zizhi Tongjian, vols. 207, 210, 211, 212, 213.
External links
Books of the Quan Tangshi that include collected poems of Su Ting at the Chinese Text Project:
Book 73
Book 74
Chancellors under Emperor Xuanzong of Tang
680 births
737 deaths
The Phobos (, ) program was an unmanned space mission consisting of two probes launched by the Soviet Union to study Mars and its moons Phobos and Deimos. Phobos 1 was launched on 7 July 1988, and Phobos 2 on 12 July 1988, each aboard a Proton-K rocket.
Phobos 1 suffered a terminal failure en route to Mars. Phobos 2 attained Mars orbit, but contact was lost before the final phase, prior to deployment of the planned Phobos landers. Phobos 1 and 2 were of a new spacecraft design, succeeding the 4MV type used in the Venera planetary missions of 1975–1985, and the 5VK design last used during the Vega 1 and Vega 2 missions to Comet Halley. They each had a mass of 2600 kg (6220 kg with orbital insertion hardware attached).
The program featured cooperation from 14 other nations, including Sweden, Switzerland, Austria, France, West Germany, and the United States (which contributed the use of its NASA Deep Space Network for tracking the twin spacecraft).
Objectives
The objectives of the Phobos missions were to:
conduct studies of the interplanetary environment;
perform observations of the Sun;
characterize the plasma environment in the Martian vicinity;
conduct surface and atmospheric studies of Mars; and,
study the surface composition of the Martian satellite Phobos.
Spacecraft design
The main section of the spacecraft consisted of a pressurized toroidal electronics section, surrounding a modular cylindrical experiment section. Below these were mounted four spherical tanks (the Fregat stage) containing hydrazine for attitude control and, after the main propulsion module was to be jettisoned, orbit adjustment. A total of 28 thrusters (twenty-four 50 N thrusters and four 10 N thrusters) were mounted on the spherical tanks, with additional thrusters mounted on the spacecraft body and solar panels. Attitude was maintained through the use of a three-axis control system, with pointing maintained with Sun and star sensors.
Phobos 1
Phobos 1 operated nominally until, a few weeks into the cruise to Mars, an expected communications session on September 2, 1988, failed to occur. The failure of controllers to regain contact with the spacecraft was traced to an error in the software uploaded on August 29/August 30, which had deactivated the attitude thrusters. By losing its lock on the Sun, the spacecraft could no longer properly orient its solar arrays, thus depleting its batteries.
Software instructions to turn off the probe's attitude control, normally a fatal operation, were part of a routine used when testing the spacecraft on the ground. Normally this routine would be removed before launch. However, the software was coded in PROMs, and so removing the test code would have required removing and replacing the entire computer. Because of time pressure from the impending launch, engineers decided to leave the command sequence in, though it should never be used. However, a single-character error in constructing an upload sequence resulted in the command executing, with subsequent loss of the spacecraft.
Phobos 2
Phobos 2 was launched atop a Proton-K with a Blok D upper stage from Baikonur cosmodrome on July 12, 1988, and entered Mars orbit on January 29, 1989. Phobos 2 operated nominally throughout its cruise and Mars orbital insertion phases on January 29, 1989, gathering data on the Sun, the interplanetary medium, Mars, and Phobos. Phobos 2 investigated Mars's surface and atmosphere and returned 37 images of Phobos with a resolution of up to 40 meters. Communications were lost before planned deployment of a Phobos lander.
Systems and sensors
Phobos probes carried several instruments: solar x-ray and ultraviolet telescopes, a neutron spectrometer and the Grunt radar experiment designed to study the surface relief of Phobos.
The lander had an x-ray/alpha spectrometer to provide information on the chemical element composition of the surface of Phobos, a seismometer to determine the internal structure of Phobos, and the "Razrez" penetrator with temperature sensors and an accelerometer for testing the physical and mechanical properties of the surface.
The Phobos 2 infrared spectrometer (ISM) obtained 45000 spectra in the near infrared (from 0.75 to 3.2 µm) in the equatorial areas of Mars, with a spatial resolution ranging from 7 to 25 km, and 400 spectra of Phobos at 700 m resolution. These observations made it possible to retrieve the first mineralogical maps of the planet and its satellite, and to study the atmosphere of Mars. ISM was developed at IAS and DESPA (Paris Observatory) with support from CNES.
List of instruments:
"VSK" TV imaging system
PROP-F "hopping" lander. Only carried by Phobos 2.
ARS-FP automatic X-ray fluorescence spectrometer
ferroprobe magnetometer
Kappameter magnetic permeability / susceptibility sensor
gravimeter
temperature sensors
BISIN conductometer / tiltmeter
mechanical sensors (penetrometer, UIU accelerometer, sensors on hopping mechanism)
"DAS" (long-lived autonomous station) lander
TV camera
ALPHA-X Alpha-Proton-X-Ray Spectrometer
LIBRATION sun sensor (also known as STENOPEE)
Seismometer
RAZREZ anchor penetrometer
Celestial mechanics experiment
"ISM" thermal infrared spectrometer/radiometer - 1–2 km resolution
near-infrared imaging spectrometer
thermal imaging camera; magnetometers
gamma-ray spectrometers
X-ray telescope
radiation detectors
radar and laser altimeters
Lima-D laser experiment - designed to vaporise material from the Phobos surface for chemical analysis by a mass spectrometer
Automatic Space Plasma Experiment with Rotating Analyzer (ASPERA), an electron spectrometer and ion mass analyser from the Swedish Institute of Space Physics.
"Grunt" imaging radar - Only carried by Phobos 1
See also
Exploration of Mars
List of missions to Mars
Space exploration
References
Articles in Nature 341 (1989) pages 581 - 619
Phobos Project Information (NASA NSSDC)
Fobos 1F
ISM - Phobos-2 archive
The Airport Terminal - also known as Mariner 9 #4209-75
The Complete Phobos 2 VSK Image Data Set
External links
High quality processed images from the Phobos 2 mission
Phobos mission images from the Space Research Institute (IKI)
Raw image data from the Phobos 2 ISM infrared instrument
What we are searching for on Phobos - an article on the Phobos program at the Web site of the Russian Space Agency
Another site with processed images from the Soviet Phobos 2 mission
Missions to Mars
1988 in the Soviet Union
1988 in spaceflight
Soviet Mars missions
Derelict space probes
Phobos (moon)
Non Earth orbiting satellites of the Soviet Union
Ali Çelikiz (born 31 August 1963) is a Turkish boxer. They competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics. At the 1988 Summer Olympics, they lost to Darrell Hiles of Australia.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Turkish male boxers
Olympic boxers of Turkey
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Featherweight boxers
Skate punk (also known as skatecore and skate rock) is a skater subculture and punk rock subgenre that developed in the 1980s. Originally a form of hardcore punk that had been closely associated with skate culture, skate punk evolved into a more melodic genre of punk rock in the 1990s similar to pop punk. Since then, it has predominately featured fast tempos, lead guitar playing (including guitar riffs and guitar solos), fast drumming, and singing (sometimes including vocal harmonies). Occasionally, skate punk also combines the fast tempos of hardcore punk and melodic hardcore with the catchy hooks of pop-punk.
1970s and early 1980s punk rock bands like Buzzcocks, Descendents, Adolescents, Black Flag, and Circle Jerks paved the way for skate punk. Skate punk was pioneered in the 1980s by bands such as the Big Boys, Suicidal Tendencies, and JFA. Many early skate punk bands are part of the hardcore punk movement nardcore, which emerged in Oxnard, California. Skate punk band Bad Religion started the more melodic style of skate punk in 1988 with the band's influential album Suffer. This melodic style of skate punk continued in the 1990s with several skate punk bands emerging at the time. In the 1990s, skate punk changed into a more melodic punk rock genre with bands like NOFX, Lagwagon, Pennywise, Face to Face, and No Use for a Name.
Skate punk broke into the mainstream during the 1990s with bands such as the Offspring and Blink-182. Other bands, like NOFX, Pennywise, Face to Face, MxPx and Bad Religion, achieved underground to moderate success. Many skate punk bands' songs were featured in Tony Hawk's video games, a video game series that sold millions. Punk's popularity continued in the early 2000s with many bands continuing to make albums that received a lot of attention. During the 2010s, later skate punk bands such as Trash Boat, Cerebral Ballzy, and Trash Talk, achieved underground success through the influence of previous skate punk bands.
Characteristics
Skate punk is also known as skate rock and skatecore. Noted by AllMusic for having "high-energy", skate punk features fast tempos. Many of the 1980s skate punk bands were hardcore punk bands. In the 1990s, it changed and was played by bands that sounded more like pop punk and standard punk rock than hardcore punk. Also a skater subculture, skate punk's origins go back to skate culture and surf culture. Author Sharon M. Hannon noted skate punk is known for "its fast guitars, driving bass lines, and surf music–style drums". According to Mark Lepage of Spin magazine, it often has a "double-time hup-two-three-four beat". Skate punk music often features singing and vocal harmonies. Rolling Stone described skate punk as "a sort of pop hardcore". Some skate punk music has lyrics that are about humor - "mostly of the smartass variety". Much skate punk music features lead guitar playing, guitar riffs, and sometimes guitar solos. Skate punk is described by AllMusic as having "thrashier guitars" than regular punk rock. Blast beats and fast drumming are very common in skate punk. Skate punk features the fast tempos of hardcore punk and melodic hardcore, occasionally combining them with the catchy hooks of pop punk. Some skate punk bands play other genres of music; pop punk, funk metal, and hardcore punk are genres that are noted for being played by some skate punk bands. Skate punk paved the way for third-wave ska. Some skate punk bands, including NOFX and the Suicide Machines, also play ska punk. Some skate punk bands, including Suicidal Tendencies and Excel, also play thrash metal or crossover thrash.
History
Predecessors (1970s and early 1980s)
California punk bands like Black Flag, Adolescents, and Circle Jerks paved the way for skate punk with their "fast and raw" music, "which replicated the feel of skating." 1970s punk bands like the Buzzcocks and 1980s punk bands like The Descendents made fast and catchy punk rock songs about teenage confusion, and also combined the aggression and speed of hardcore punk with melodies.
Origins (1980s)
Originally derived from hardcore punk, skate punk began in the early 1980s. The Big Boys and JFA are considered pioneers of skate punk. Bands such as Gang Green, Suicidal Tendencies, The Faction, Rich Kids on LSD, Tales of Terror, Agression, Drunk Injuns and NOFX were among the first wave of skate punk bands. Johnny Loftus of AllMusic described early skate punk music as "a confluence of punk's anger and simplicity, the furious speed of hardcore, and defiantly smart-assed machismo". Many early skate punk bands are part of the hardcore punk movement nardcore, which emerged in Oxnard, California. Popular among skateboarders, 1980s hardcore punk bands with connections to skateboarding culture were labeled as "skate punk" - the origin of the term. Early skate punk bands are noted for creating the connection between punk rock and skateboarding. Mörizen "Mofo" Föche, vocalist of Drunk Injuns and former employee of the magazine Thrasher, is "often credited with first coining the term 'skate-punk'." Bad Religion's 1988 album Suffer is seen by many as a highly influential landmark album in the skate punk genre. Suffer helped start the melodic style of skate punk that continued in the 1990s.
Mainstream success (1990s and early 2000s)
As skate punk became more popular during the 1990s, it changed into a more melodic genre. During this time, some bands experienced mainstream success and were featured at events such as the Warped Tour, which started in 1995. Prominent skate punk bands of the 1990s include Consumed, Good Riddance, Strung Out, NOFX, Goldfinger, Lagwagon, Guttermouth, No Use for a Name, Face to Face, Slick Shoes, MxPx, Unwritten Law, Ten Foot Pole, Screeching Weasel, Bad Religion, the Offspring, and Pennywise.
Skate punk broke into the mainstream in 1994. The Offspring's album Smash, released in 1994, launched the band into the mainstream. Smash, certified 6× platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), sold at least 6.3 million copies in the United States and at least 5 million copies outside the United States. NOFX's 1994 album Punk in Drublic was eventually certified gold by the RIAA on May 5, 2000. Unlike other 1990s punk rock bands, NOFX never signed to a major record label. Also, NOFX has not given permission for its music videos to be played on channels like MTV and VH1. Explaining this decision NOFX member said: "We made the 'Leave It Alone' video, and we decided not to send it to MTV. We just didn't want to be a part of that machine, of that punk wave. I think it's one of the best decisions we've ever made." California skate punk band Face to Face had local success with their song "Disconnected", which was played often on California radio station KROQ-FM. With "Disconnected" constantly playing on KROQ-FM, Face to Face's 1995 album Big Choice sold more than 100,000 copies.
Other skate punk bands achieved underground to moderate success. Pennywise's 1993 album Unknown Road sold 100,000 copies within two years, according to Nielsen SoundScan, and helped bring the band underground popularity. Bad Religion's 1994 album Stranger Than Fiction was certified gold by the RIAA on March 4, 1998. Stranger Than Fiction song "21st Century (Digital Boy)" peaked at number 11 on the Alternative Songs chart on December 24, 1994 and the song's music video was played a lot on MTV. Although Ixnay on the Hombre by the Offspring did not achieve the same sales as the Offspring's album Smash, Ixnay on the Hombre by the Offspring was certified platinum by the RIAA in April 1997. As of November 1998, the album sold at least 3 million copies worldwide and, as of August 2015, the album sold 1.4 million copies in the United States. In June 1997, Blink-182 released its album Dude Ranch. It was certified gold by the RIAA in February 1998, and was certified platinum by the RIAA in November 1999. Scott Heisel of Alternative Press described Dude Ranch as "a killer skate-punk record". Dude Ranch single "Dammit" was a hit. It peaked at number 61 on Billboard Hot 100 Airplay chart, received heavy radio airplay, and was played a lot by MTV. In 1998, the Offspring released their album Americana, which was certified 5× platinum by the RIAA. MxPx began to receive underground attention in 1996 with the band's third album Life in General, which sold 89,000 copies within two years, according to Nielsen SoundScan, and helped the band's first two albums, Pokinatcha (1994) and Teenage Politics (1995), sell 50,000 combined. The song "Chick Magnet" received limited play on MTV and M2. MxPx released its fourth album Slowly Going the Way of the Buffalo, which was certified gold by the RIAA in January 2000.
The skateboarding video game series Tony Hawk's featured music by many skate punk bands, including Lagwagon, Guttermouth, the Vandals, Suicidal Tendencies, Millencolin, Bad Religion, and Consumed. Tony Hawk's Pro Skater was one of the top-selling video games for PlayStation in November 1999. Quickly after being released, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2, released in 2000, was the PlayStation title for two consecutive weeks. Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2 quickly sold 1,000,000 copies. The sales of the video game reached 5,300,000 copies in the United States. Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, released in 2001, sold about 2,100,000 copies in the United States. As skate punk achieved success in the 1990s, record labels like Epitaph Records and Fat Wreck Chords signed numerous punk bands.
Underground revival (2010s)
During the 2010s, there was an emergence of skate punk bands influenced by older skate punk bands. These bands include Trash Talk, FIDLAR, Trash Boat and Cerebral Ballzy. Many of them attracted cult followings by promoting their music on the Internet. Many of these bands, including Trash Talk and Cerebral Ballzy, are influenced by hardcore punk and speed metal. FIDLAR is influenced by skate punk bands Blink-182 and the Offspring. and achieved underground and moderate success; their self-titled album debuted at number five on Billboard Top Heatseekers chart.
See also
List of skate punk bands
Pop punk
Skateboarding
References
Citations
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
Skateboarding
1980s in music
1990s in music
2000s in music
1990s fads and trends
2000s fads and trends
20th-century music genres
21st-century music genres
Hardcore punk genres
American styles of music
American rock music genres
Youth culture in the United States
Music of California
Southern California
Punk rock genres
Musical subcultures
John B. Donaldson (born 1948) is an American economist and presently the Mario J. Gabelli Professor of Finance at Columbia Business School. Their interests are in business and finance options, its asset pricing, business cycles and especially real economic impact on equilibrium prices. They have published their work in Econometrica, Journal of Economic Dynamics and Control, International Economic Review, Journal of Economic Theory, Journal of Monetary Economics, Quarterly Journal of Economics, Review of Economic Dynamics, and Review of Economic Studies.
Education and early career
Donaldson earned their B.S. in Mathematics at Lafayette College in 1970, and their M.S. in Mathematics, in 1972, and their M.S. in Economics in 1974, their Ph.D in 1976, all three at Carnegie Mellon University. They joined Columbia University in 1977.
Work and publications
Donaldson has been consistently cited in the last 10 years for their publications, and their highest cited paper is "Junior can't borrow: A new perspective on the equity premium puzzle" at 552 times, according to Google Scholar.
“Stochastic Properties of Fast vs . Slow Growth Economies, (with J.P. Danthine), Econometrica, 49 (1981), 1007-1033. Reprinted in “Growth Theory” edited by R. Becker and E. Burmeister, volume III of the International Library of Critical Writings in Economics, Edward Elgar Publishing Ltd., Cheltenham 1989.
“Certainty Planning in an Uncertain World: A Reconsideration,” (with J.P. Danthine), Review of Economic Studies, 48 (1981), 507-510.
“Labour relations and asset returns,” (with J.P. Danthine), Review of Economic Studies, 69 (2002), 41-64.
“Methodological and empirical issues in real business cycle theory,” (with J.P. Danthine), Review of Economic Studies, 69 (2002), 41-64.
“Efficiency wages and the business cycle puzzle,” (with J.P. Danthine), European Economic Review, 34 (1990), 1275-1301.
“Inflation and asset prices in an exchange economy,” (with J.P. Danthine), Econometrica, (1986), 585-605.
“The structure of intertemporal preferences under uncertainty and time consistent plans,” (with T.H. Johnsen), Econometrica, (1985), 1451-1458.
“Comparative dynamics of an equilibrium intertemporal asset pricing model,” (with R. Mehra), Review of Economic Studies, 51 (1984), 491-508.
“Stochastic properties of fast vs. slow growing economies,” (with J.P. Danthine), Econometrica, (1981), 1007-1033.
References
Lafayette College alumni
Carnegie Mellon University alumni
Columbia University faculty
21st-century American economists
1948 births
Living people
Antônio Rinaldo Gonçalves, commonly known simply as Rinaldo (born October 31, 1966), is an association footballer. They played for several Campeonato Brasileiro Série A club. They also played for Portuguese Liga clubs and for the Brazilian national team.
Career
Born in Campina Grande, Paraíba state, Rinaldo started their professional career playing for Campinense, then moving to their rivals Treze. They played 36 Série A game for Santa Cruz between 1987 and 1988, scoring five goals. They then joined Fluminense, playing 21 Série A games and scoring seven goals for the Rio de Janeiro-based club. With São Paulo, Rinaldo played 15 Série A game, scoring two goals, between 1991 and 1992. Including other competition games, they played 28 games for São Paulo, and scored four goals. In 1992, they played four Copa do Brasil games for Sport Recife, scoring four goals. They left the club after the 1993 season. After leaving Sport Recife, they played for Portuguesa, then Portuguese Liga clubs Marítimo and Moreirense, Juventude, and in 1994 Kärnten of Austria, when they retired and moved to Recife city.
National team
Rinaldo played only one game for the Brazilian national team, in 1990. It was a friendly game against a Rest of the World combined team to celebrate Pelé's 50th birthday. The game was played on October 31, 1990, at Stadio San Siro, Milan, Italy, and Brazil was defeated 2–1. The game is notorious because after Rinaldo received a pass from Pelé, instead of returning the ball to him, they shot the ball, missing the goal, and preventing Pelé from scoring their 1282nd goal.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazil international footballers
Campinense Clube players
Treze Futebol Clube players
Santa Cruz Futebol Clube players
Fluminense FC players
São Paulo FC players
Sport Club do Recife players
Associação Portuguesa de Desportos players
C.S. Marítimo players
Esporte Clube Juventude players
J1 League players
Gamba Osaka players
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Hong Kong
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Hong Kong
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Paraíba
ABCG5 and ABCG8 genes encode for two proteins sterolin-1 and -2, respectively. Sterolin-1 and –2 are two ‘half' adenosine triphosphate binding (ATP) cassette (ABC) transporters which found to be indispensable for the regulation of sterol absorption and excretion. Mutations in either genes result in a lipid disorder, sitosterolemia.
Locus of the genes
The molecular mechanisms regulating the absorption of dietary sterols in the body are poorly understood, and as sitosterolemia is a rare autosomal recessively inherited lipid metabolic disorder characterized by hyperabsorption and decreased biliary excretion of dietary sterols, studies have focused on the molecular basis of sitosterolemia to shed light on important principles concerning intestinal sterol absorption as well as cholesterol secretion into bile.
In 1998, sitosterolemia (STSL) locus has been mapped to the short arm of human chromosome 2 (2p21) after studying 10 well-characterized families with this disorder. Subsequently, the STSL locus has been further localized to a less than 2 centimorgans (cM) region.
In 2001, The STSL locus was found to be comprises two genes, ABCG5 and ABCG8, encoding 2 members of the ABC-transporter family, named sterolin-1 and sterolin-2, respectively, Sterolin-2, discovered after sterolin-1, is located <400 base pair (bp) upstream of sterolin-1 in the opposite orientation.
Structure of the encoded proteins
Typical ABC transporter consists of two transmembrane domains and two nucleotide-binding domains. However, the ABCG or White subfamily with its five fully characterized human members consists of half-size ABC proteins which probably dimerize to form active membrane transporters. In our case, it is suggested that ABCG5 and ABCG8 form a heterodimer . Among the half-size molecules, ABCG proteins have a peculiar domain organization characterized by a nucleotide-binding domain at the N-terminus followed by six transmembrane-spanning domains.
Function
Under normal circumstances, a western diet contains almost equal amounts of cholesterol and noncholesterol sterols (such as plant sterols sitosterol, campesterol, and brassicasterol). However, only about 55% of total dietary cholesterol is absorbed and retained while almost none of the noncholesterol sterols are retained since the small amount of dietary non-cholesterols that do enter the body are rapidly excreted by the liver into bile, almost unchanged.
Sterolins are likely involved both in the selective transport of dietary cholesterol in and out of enterocytes and in selective sterol excretion by the liver into bile, as evidenced by the consequences when it is deficient or over expressed. The exact mechanism(s) whereby ABCG5/ABCG8 exert their effects on sterol metabolism has not yet been clarified. But it is suggested that the ABCG5/ABCG8 heterodimer shuttles cholesterol from the inner leaflet of the canalicular membrane through a chamber formed by the two half-transporters. Following ATP binding and hydrolysis, the complex undergoes a conformational change, flipping a cholesterol molecule into the outer membrane leaflet in a configuration that favors its release into the canalicular space.
Based on the clinical defects in sitosterolemia, ABCG5/ABCG8 are expressed in the liver and/or the intestine. 5 These genes respond to environmental dietary sterols, although whether they are also increased by high phytosterols has yet to be determined.
It is worth to mention that other gene products play a role in dietary-cholesterol transport (such as ABCA1).
Disorders involving ABCG5 and ABCG8 genes
Mutations in both alleles of either ABCG5 or ABCG8 in the human results in sitosterolemia. Sitosterolemia (also known as phytosterolemia) is a rare autosomal recessively inherited lipid metabolic disorder characterized by the presence of tendon xanthomas, premature coronary artery disease and atherosclerotic disease, hemolytic episodes, arthralgias and arthritis. The hallmark of sitosterolemia is diagnostically elevated levels of plant sterols in the plasma.
References
Lee M, Lu K, Patel S B. Genetic basis of sitosterolemia. Curr. Opin. Lipidol., 2001; 12(2): 141–149.
Patel S B, Salen G, Hidaka H, Kwiterovich P O, Stalenhoef A F, Miettinen T A, Grundy S M, Lee M H, Rubenstein J S, Polymeropoulos M H, Brownstein M J. Mapping a gene involved in regulating dietary cholesterol absorption. The sitosterolemia locus is found at chromosome 2p21. J. Clin. Invest., 1998;102: 1041–1044.
Lee M H, Gordon D, Ott J, Lu K, Ose L, Miettinen T, Gylling H, Stalenhoef A F, Pandya A, Hidaka H, B Jr. Brewer, Kojima H, Sakuma N, Pegoraro R, Salen G, Patel S B. Fine mapping of a gene responsible for regulating dietary cholesterol absorption: founder effects underlie cases of phytosterolaemia in multiple communities. Eur. J. Hum. Genet. 2001;9: 375–384.
Lee M-H, Lu K, Hazard S, Yu H, Shulenin S, Hidaka H, Kojima H, Allikmets R, Sakuma N, Pegoraro R, Srivastava AK, Salen G, Dean M, Patel SB Identification of a gene, ABCG5, important in the regulation of dietary cholesterol absorption. Nat Genet, 2001;27:79–83.
Lu K, Lee M-H, Hazard S,Brooks-Wilson A, Hidaka H, Kojima H, Ose L, Stalenhoef A F H,Mietinnen T,Bjorkhem I,Bruckert E, Pandya A, Brewer H B Jr., Salen G,Dean M,Srivastava A, Patel S B. Two genes that map to the STSL locus cause sitosterolemia: genomic structure and spectrum of mutations involving sterolin-1 and sterolin-2, encoded by ABCG5 and ABCG8, respectively. Am J Hum Genet,. 2001;69:278–290.
Stefkoa J, Poledne R, Hubacek J A.ATP-Binding Cassette (ABC) Transporters in Human Metabolism and Diseases. Physiol. Res., 2004;53: 235–243.
Wittenburg H, Carey M C.Biliary cholesterol secretion by the twinned sterol half-transporters ABCG5 and ABCG8. J Clin Invest., 2002; 110(5): 605–609.
Klett E L, Patel S.Genetic defenses against noncholesterol sterols. Curr Opin Lipidol.,2003 ; 14(4): 341–345.
Salen G, Shefer S, Nguyen L, Ness G C,Tint G S,Shore V . Sitosterolemia . J Lipid Res., 1992;33(7):945–955.
ATP-binding cassette transporters
Arif Magomedov (born 4 August 1992) is a Russian professional boxer.
Professional boxing record
|style="text-align:center;" colspan="9"|21 fights, 18 wins (11 knockouts), 3 losses (1 knockout)
|-style="text-align:center;background:#e3e3e3;"
|style="border-style:none none solid solid;"|
|style="border-style:none none solid solid;"|Result
|style="border-style:none none solid solid;"|Record
|style="border-style:none none solid solid;"|Opponent
|style="border-style:none none solid solid;"|Type
|style="border-style:none none solid solid;"|Round, time
|style="border-style:none none solid solid;"|Date
|style="border-style:none none solid solid;"|Location
|style="border-style:none none solid solid;"|Notes
|-align=center
|21
|Loss
|18–3
|align=left| Lasha Gurguliani
|UD
|8
|27 May 2018
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|20
|Loss
|18–2
|align=left| Luis Arias
|TKO
|5 (10), 1:16
|17 Jun 2017
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|19
|Win
|18–1
|align=left| Chris Herrmann
|TKO
|2 (10), 1:50
|21 Nov 2016
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|18
|Loss
|17–1
|align=left| Andrew Hernandez
|UD
|10
|21 May 2016
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|17
|Win
|17–0
|align=left| Jonathan Tavira
|KO
|7 (10) 0:55
|12 Dec 2015
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|16
|Win
|16–0
|align=left| Derrick Webster
|UD
|10
|17 Jul 2015
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|15
|Win
|15–0
|align=left| Darnell Boone
|TKO
|1 (8), 2:37
|22 May 2015
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|14
|Win
|14–0
|align=left| Derrick Findley
|UD
|8
|02 Apr 2015
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|13
|Win
|13–0
|align=left| Michael Zerafa
|UD
|10
|24 Oct 2014
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|12
|Win
|12–0
|align=left| Patrick Mendy
|UD
|12
|09 Aug 2014
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|11
|Win
|11–0
|align=left| Alex Theran
|RTD
|3 (10), 3:00
|24 Apr 2014
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|10
|Win
|10–0
|align=left| Slavisa Simeunovic
|TKO
|1 (10), 1:34
|23 Mar 2014
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|9
|Win
|9–0
|align=left| Volodymyr Borovskyy
|UD
|10
|21 Mar 2014
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|8
|Win
|8–0
|align=left| Thomas Mashali
|KO
|2 (12), 1:07
|16 Nov 2013
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|7
|Win
|7–0
|align=left| Marat Khuzeev
|KO
|1 (10), 1:23
|19 Oct 2013
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|6
|Win
|6–0
|align=left| Karen Avetisyan
|UD
|8
|24 Aug 2013
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|5
|Win
|5–0
|align=left| Segundo Herrera
|KO
|3 (6), 1:44
|17 May 2013
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|4
|Win
|4–0
|align=left| Andrey Korzhenevsky
|KO
|2 (8), 0:29
|20 Apr 2013
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|3
|Win
|3–0
|align=left| Andrey Polyakov
|TKO
|2 (6), 2:28
|08 Mar 2013
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|2
|Win
|2–0
|align=left| Sergey Sergeev
|RTD
|3 (6), 3:00
|24 Feb 2013
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|1
|Win
|1–0
|align=left| Ruslan Sirazhev
|SD
|4
|24 Jan 2013
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
References
External links
Living people
1992 births
Russian male boxers
Middleweight boxers
People from Kizlyar
Sportspeople from Dagestan
20th-century Russian people
21st-century Russian people
Wellington Cirino Priori (born 21 February 1990) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Indian Super League club Jamshedpur.
Career
Early career
Born in São Paulo, Wellington started their career with Brasil de Farroupilha where they played for three years before moving to São José. In 2013, Wellington had a training stint with Dutch Eredivisie side, FC Twente. The club was interested in signing them but due to passport complications, the move to the Netherlands did not materialize. After their training stint with Twente, Wellington signed for Thai League T1 side Army United. A season later, Wellington signed with Thai Division 1 League side Pattaya United. After another season, Wellington moved to South Korea to K League Classic side Gwangju.
NorthEast United
On 3 August 2016, Priori moved to India and signed with NorthEast United of the Indian Super League.
Jamshedpur
On 9 January 2018, Priori signed with Jamshedpur of the Indian Super League.
On 29 March 2019, Priori joined Bangladesh Premier League club Dhaka Abahani.
Jamshedpur
In August 2022, Priori returned to defending Indian Super League premiers Jamshedpur.
Career statistics
References
External links
CeroCero Profile.
1990 births
Living people
Footballers from São Paulo
Brazilian footballers
Wellington Priori
Gwangju FC players
NorthEast United FC players
Jamshedpur FC players
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Wellington Priori
K League 1 players
Expatriate footballers in Thailand
Expatriate footballers in South Korea
Expatriate footballers in India
Prapol Pongpanich (18 September 1952 – 3 February 2012) was a Thai football coach. They led the side to the Thailand Premier League 2008 league title. In 2010, they became head coach of Thai Premier League team Bangkok United.
Honours
As Head Coach
Thailand Premier League Champions : 2008 with Provincial Electricity Authority FC
Coach of the Year 2008 with Provincial Electricity Authority FC
References
Prapol Pongpanich
1963 births
2012 deaths
World Wonder Ring Stardom is a Japanese professional wrestling promotion founded in 2010. Stardom personnel consists of professional wrestlers, commentators, ring announcers, and various other positions. Executive officers are also listed. Stardom also frequently features wrestlers from promotions like Marvelous That's Women Pro Wrestling or Pro Wrestling Wave such as Takumi Iroha, Rin Kadokura and Maria. Many other wrestlers from various promotions from the Japanese independent scene are featured in events such as the rookie-based "New Blood".
Personnel
Wrestlers
Staff
Alumni
Notable guests
Female
Akane Fujita
Alex Lee
Alpha Female
Arisa Nakajima
Brandi Rhodes
Cat Power
Chelsea Green
Cherry
Christina Von Eerie
Dark Angel / Sarita
Dash Chisako
Dump Matsumoto
Emi Sakura
Evie
Faby Apache
Goya Kong
Hailey Hatred
Haruka Umesaki
Heidi Lovelace
Hikaru Shida
Hiragi Kurumi
Hiroyo Matsumoto
Jessicka Havok
Kaoru / Infernal Kaoru
Kellie Skater
Kelly Klein
Kyoko Kimura
Leah Vaughan
Leon
Lin Byron
Madison Eagles
Makoto
Manami Toyota
Mandy Leon
Mari Apache
Maria
Martina
Meiko Satomura
Mei Suruga
Melina
Melissa
Mercedes Martinez
Mia Yim
Mio Shirai
Mitsuo Momota
Miyako Matsumoto
Mochi Miyagi
Nikki Storm
Portia Perez
Rin Kadokura
Risa Sera
Rosa Negra / Scorpio Rosa
Santana Garrett
Sayaka Obihiro
Sendai Sachiko
Shayna
They Nay Nay
Star Fire
Sumie Sakai
Suzu Suzuki
Taya
Tessa Blanchard
Thea Trinidad
Thunder Rosa
Tomoka Inaba
Tomoka Nakagawa
Tsubasa Kuragaki
Tsukasa Fujimoto
Tsukushi
Viper
Xia Brookside
Yuu Yamagata
Zoe Lucas
Male
Black Tiger
Danshoku Dino
Dr. Wagner Jr.
Gabai-Ji-chan
Genki Horiguchi H.A.Gee.Mee!!
Gianni Valletta
El Hijo de Dr. Wagner Jr.
Hikaru Sato
Hiroshi Yamato
Kenny Omega
Kinya Oyanagi
Kota Ibushi
Kuishinbo Kamen
Masaaki Mochizuki
Mil Máscaras
Minoru Suzuki
Minoru Tanaka
Sasuke the Great
Yoshihiro Takayama
See also
List of professional wrestling rosters
References
External links
(English)
World Wonder Ring Stardom
Lists of professional wrestling personnel
Frederick Charles Squires (November 13, 1881 – December 16, 1960) was a Canadian politician and lawyer from New Brunswick. They represented Carleton County in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1925 to 1948 as a Conservative member.
Squires was born in Bath, New Brunswick, the son of Robert Squires and Elizabeth Turner, both of United Empire Loyalist descent. They were educated at the provincial normal school, the University of New Brunswick and Harvard Law School. In 1912, they married Hattie Duncan Pierce (1886–1977). Squires also was a high school principal. They served as speaker for the provincial assembly from 1931 to 1935. They were a member of the local masonic lodge and of the Knights of Pythias. On March 5, 1936, Squires was chosen House Leader of the opposition Conservatives, becoming Leader of the Opposition, and was subsequently appointed Leader of the Conservative Party in New Brunswick. Their party was again defeated in the 1939 provincial election after which Squires resigned as party leader due to ill health.
In 1953, Squires was appointed clerk of the legislature and law clerk, and held these positions until their 1959.
Squires died on December 16, 1960, at Victoria Public Hospital in Fredericton, New Brunswick. They were 79.
References
Canadian Parliamentary Guide, 1934, AL Normandin
1881 births
1960 deaths
University of New Brunswick
Harvard Law School alumni
Lawyers in New Brunswick
Speakers of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick
People from Carleton County, New Brunswick
Progressive Conservative Party of New Brunswick MLAs
Count Leopold Gondrecourt was a Austro-Hungarian general of French origin most notable for their service in the Battle for Königshügel.
Biography
After attending the École spéciale militaire de Saint-Cyr in Saint-Cyr-l'École, Count Gondrecourt entered the service of the Austrian army. At the end of 1863, they were appointed as a brigadier in command of a 4800-strong brigade that was to be sent to Schleswig-Holstein and set out from Prague on 17 and 18 December 1863. Initially an Austrian contingent of the federal German troops in the federal execution against the duchies of Holstein and Lauenburg; the brigade then continued to serve along the Prussian Army in the Second Schleswig War. On 3 February 1864, together with the Prussian brigade "Canstein", Gondrecourt's unit stormed the area in front of the Danewerk during the Battle for Königshügel near Selk. For the successful capture of the Königshügel, they were awarded the Military Order of Maria Theresa. For their services in the war, the Prussian commander Friedrich Graf von Wrangel suggested to the Prussian King Wilhelm I that Gondrecourt be awarded the order Pour le Mérite 'for their praiseworthy behavior in the battle near Oberselk and the storming of the Königsberg, as already mentioned in my earlier proposal, but also for their excellent bravura in Veile on the 8th of the month'. King Wilhelm I then awarded them this medal on 18 August 1864.
In 1864 Gondrecourt was appointed chief flight attendant and tutor of the six-year-old Archduke Crown Prince Rudolf. The boy, who was appointed colonel at birth, was to be raised to be a soldier. For this purpose Gondrecourt used harsh military educational methods, such as water treatment, waking up with pistol shots, nocturnal exposure in the zoo, as well as hours of exercise. Eventually one of their subordinates, Josef Latour, informed the archduke's stay abroad mother, Empress Elisabeth of Austria-Hungary, about the negative effects of these methods on their son. They presented an ultimatum resulting in Emperor Franz Joseph I'm dismissing Gondrecourt in 1866.
They then became the commandant of the Theresienstadt fortress. In 1866 they became adjutant to General Eduard Clam-Gallas in the 1st Army Corps, later commanding general with the rank of major general of the same. In 1888 Gondrecourt was released into retirement and died within the same year.
Awards
Military Order of Maria Theresa
Pour le Mérite
See also
List of the Pour le Mérite (military class) recipients
Bibliography
Brigitte Hamann. Kronprinz Rudolf. Ein Leben. Piper Verlag. Munich 2006. . Pages 28–32.
References
1816 births
1888 deaths
Military personnel from Nancy, France
Austro-Hungarian generals
People of the Second Schleswig War
Knights Cross of the Military Order of Maria Theresa
Austrian people of French descent
École Spéciale Militaire de Saint-Cyr alumni
Recipients of the Pour le Mérite (military class)
My Fan Ramu is a 2013 Malayalam film directed by debutant Nikhil K. Menon, starring Saiju Kurup and Rajeev Pillai in the lead roles. Actor Saiju Kurup has also written the script for the film, produced by Sasi Ayyanchira.
Plot
Ramu, who is an ardent film buff, is nurturing exalted hopes of making it big as an actor someday.  They are a diehard fan of young macho superstar Abhiram, the heartthrob of youngsters. Ramu's father runs a wayside ramshackle tea stall. Ramu looks down upon the lifestyle that has been bequeathed on them by their father. Their cinematic ambitions which was going nowhere, suddenly receive a shot in the arm as they manage to emerge winner in a reality show, which offers the winner a chance to spend ten days with superstar Abhiram. Ramu accompanied by their sidekick and a naive moneylender, who is reluctant to let Ramu scot- free before their debt is settled, arrives at the superstar's home. The Superstar finds themselves at their wits end, unable to tolerate the cumbersome threesome, who plays havoc with their privacy.
Cast
Saiju Kurup as Ramachandran aka Ramu
Rajeev Pillai as Abhiram
Bijukuttan as Kuttan
Guinness Pakru as Banker Pappan
Spadikam George as Swami
Malavika Wales as Shalini
Sudheer Karamana as ACP Umesh Shetty IPS
Vivek Gopan as Siddik
Kundara Johny as Commissioner
Abi as Amrithraj
Bheeman Raghu as Golden Roy
V.K Baiju as CI Reghu
Saiby Kidangoor as CI Iqbal
P. Balachandran as Ramachandran
Kalabhavan Prajod
Bineesh Kodiyeri as Lankesh
Joju George as Sanju
Sajan Palluruthy
Nishitha as Tanuja
Durga as TV Anchor
Samskruthy Shenoy as Channel representative
Naveen Arakkal
(Special appearance)
Nivin Pauly
Munna Simon
Nikhil Nair
Nishanth Sagar
Rejith Menon
References
2010s Malayalam-language films
2013 films
Howard William Hunter (November 14, 1907 – March 3, 1995) was an American lawyer and the 14th president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 1994 to 1995. Their nine-month presidential tenure is the shortest in the church's history. Hunter was the first president of the LDS Church born in the 20th century and the last to die in it. They were sustained as an LDS apostle at the age of 51, and served as a general authority for over 35 years.
Early life
Hunter was born to John William and Nellie Marie Hunter in Boise, Idaho. Their father, who was not a Latter-day Saint but joined the church in 1927, would not allow Hunter to be baptized until they were 12; Hunter was ordained to the Aaronic priesthood several months after they turned 12. They were the second person to become an Eagle Scout in the state of Idaho.
In March 1923, the Boise Ward, where Hunter had been a member since their baptism, was split, and they ended up in the new Boise 2nd Ward. It initially met in a Jewish synagogue that was provided free of charge. When calls were issued to build the Boise LDS Tabernacle, Hunter was the first to pledge money for the building, offering $25.
Hunter had a love for music and played the piano, violin, drums, saxophone, clarinet, and trumpet. They formed a band called Hunter's Croonaders, which played at many regional events and on a cruise ship to Asia.
Professional career
In 1928, Hunter tried a system where they would publish train and bus schedules and charge for advertising, placing them in hotels. The project worked moderately well in such cities as Nampa and Twin Falls, but it failed in Pocatello, Idaho. After this failure, Hunter moved to southern California.
In California, Hunter initially worked in a citrus factory and in shoe sales. After a few weeks they secured a job at a Bank of Italy branch on April 23, 1928. Hunter studied at the American Institute of Banking while working for the Bank of Italy. Besides working in banking, Hunter was still playing the saxophone for dances on a regular basis.
In November 1930, Hunter was involved in booking for the merger of the Bank of Italy with the Bank of America of California to form the Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association. Shortly after, Hunter took a position as a junior officer with the First Exchange Bank of Inglewood. This bank was taken over by the state of California and placed in receivership in January 1932. For the next two years, Hunter filled several odd jobs, including working as a bridge painter and a laundry detergent peddler. In 1934, they managed to get a position as a title examiner with the Los Angeles County Flood Control District. In 1935, Hunter began their studies at Southwestern Law School and eventually had a successful career as a lawyer.
Leadership in the LDS Church
Prior to their call as an apostle, Hunter held several leadership positions in the LDS Church. They were the first president of the church's Pasadena California Stake, where they had also served as a bishop.
Hunter became a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles in 1959. They filled a vacancy in the Quorum created when apostle Henry D. Moyle was added to the First Presidency following the death of Stephen L Richards, a counselor in the First Presidency.
In January 1965, Hunter was appointed the president of the board of directors of the Polynesian Cultural Center (PCC). At the time, the PCC was two years old, had just closed its second year with a loss of nearly $500,000 dollars, and had barely made payroll the month before. Hunter reduced board membership from 21 to 10, drew members with more broad business backgrounds, and emphasize "good hard headed business practice." In three years, the PCC was turning a profit. They remained the president of PCC's board of directors until 1976.
As an apostle, Hunter led church negotiations to acquire land in Jerusalem to build the BYU Jerusalem Center, which they dedicated in 1989.
In 1970, when Joseph Fielding Smith became president of the church, Hunter succeeded them as Church Historian and Recorder. Hunter held this position until 1972, and was succeeded by Leonard J. Arrington.
In November 1985, when Ezra Taft Benson became church president, Hunter was named Acting President of the Quorum of the Twelve due to the infirmity of Marion G. Romney, who became quorum president by seniority. Hunter became the quorum president upon Romney's death in 1988.
Hunter became church president in June 1994, following Benson's death. Hunter retained Gordon B. Hinckley and Thomas S. Monson as counselors in the First Presidency. They offered a conciliatory message at their initial news conference, saying, "To those who have transgressed or been offended, we say, 'Come back.'"
Some of Hunter's contributions as church president include the creation of the church's 2000th stake and drafting of the "Proclamation on the Family", which was released six months after their death. As church president, Hunter encouraged and emphasized Christ-like living and temple attendance. They dedicated the Orlando Florida and Bountiful Utah temples shortly before their death.
Hunter's teachings as an apostle were the 2016 course of study in the LDS Church's Sunday Relief Society and Melchizedek priesthood classes.
Leadership in other LDS Church-owned endeavors
Hunter served in several LDS Church assignments not directly related to ecclesiastical matters while a member of the Quorum of the Twelve. They were a member of the Board of Trustees of Brigham Young University and closely involved with the founding of the J. Reuben Clark Law School. They also are a member of the Board of Trustees of the New World Archaeology Foundation, chairperson of the board of the PCC, and president of the Genealogical Society of Utah.
Attempted hostage incident
While preparing to speak at a CES fireside being held at Brigham Young University's Marriott Center on February 7, 1993, Hunter was confronted by Cody Judy, who rushed onto the rostrum and threatened Hunter and the audience of 15,000 to 17,000. Judy carried a briefcase that they claimed contained a bomb and held what appeared to be a detonator-like device. Judy demanded that Hunter read a three-page document that supposedly detailed God's plan for Judy to lead the church, which Hunter refused to do. The audience spontaneously sang "We Thank Thee, O God, for a Prophet", during which students from the audience, and then security personnel, overtook Judy. After Judy was taken away, Hunter delivered their prepared remarks, a talk entitled, "An Anchor to the Souls of Men."
Health problems and death
When Hunter was four years old, they were stricken with polio, which afflicted their back so that they were never able to bend forward and touch the ground again.
While serving as president of the Quorum of the Twelve, Hunter developed major health problems that continued for the remainder of their life, including a heart attack, broken ribs from a fall at general conference, heart bypass surgery, bleeding ulcers, and kidney failure. Hunter was admitted to LDS Hospital on January 9, 1995, for exhaustion and was released on January 16. While hospitalized, it was discovered that Hunter was suffering from prostate cancer that had spread to the bones.
Hunter died at age 87 in their downtown Salt Lake City residence as a result of the cancer. With them at the time of their death were their wife, Inis; their nurse, who had been attending him; and their personal secretary, Lowell Hardy. Funeral services were held on March 8, 1995, at the Salt Lake Tabernacle, under the direction of Hinckley, Hunter's counselor in the First Presidency and president of the Quorum of the Twelve. Hinckley replaced Hunter as president of the LDS Church. Hunter was buried in the Salt Lake City Cemetery. On October 14, 2007, at their home in Laguna Hills, California, Inis Hunter died of causes incident to age.
Personal life
In June 1928, Hunter met Clara May "Claire" Jeffs, a young woman from Salt Lake City and they were married in the Salt Lake Temple on June 10, 1931. The Hunters' first son, William, died a year before Hunter started law school. While they were in law school, they had other two sons, Richard and John, who lived until adulthood and both became attorneys. After the death of Hunter's first wife in 1983, they married Inis Stanton in 1990 while they were president of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles.
Legacy
Howard W. Hunter Law Library, at the J. Reuben Clark Law School at Brigham Young University, named in 1995
Howard W. Hunter Professorship at the J. Reuben Clark Law School, established in 1989, to support faculty research, writing, and scholarship.
Howard W. Hunter Foundation
Howard W. Hunter Chair of Mormon Studies at Claremont Graduate University
Works
Notes
References
Knowles, Eleanor. Howard W. Hunter. Salt Lake City: Deseret Book, 1994.
Jay M. Todd, "President Howard W. Hunter: Fourteenth President of the Church", Ensign, July 1994.
"President Howard W. Hunter: The Lord's 'Good and Faithful Servant'", Ensign, April 1995
"Following the Master: Teachings of President Howard W. Hunter", Ensign, April 1995
"Funeral of President Howard W. Hunter, 8 March 1995", Ensign, April 1995
Jon M. Huntsman, "A Remarkable and Selfless Life", Ensign, April 1995
James E. Faust, "Howard W. Hunter: Man of God", Ensign, April 1995
Boyd K. Packer, "President Howard W. Hunter—He Endured to the End", Ensign, April 1995
Thomas S. Monson, "President Howard W. Hunter: A Man for All Seasons", Ensign, April 1995
Gordon B. Hinckley, "A Prophet Polished and Refined", Ensign, April 1995
External links
Teachings of Presidents of the Church: Howard W. HunterThe Life and Ministry of Howard W. Hunter
Grampa Bill's G.A. Pages: Howard W. Hunter
1907 births
1995 deaths
American general authorities (LDS Church)
Apostles (LDS Church)
Burials at Salt Lake City Cemetery
California lawyers
Deaths from cancer in Utah
Deaths from prostate cancer
Official historians of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
People from Boise, Idaho
Presidential Citizens Medal recipients
Presidents of the Church (LDS Church)
Presidents of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles (LDS Church)
Southwestern Law School alumni
20th-century American lawyers
Religious leaders from California
Latter Day Saints from Idaho
Latter Day Saints from California
The Vienna Socialist Conference of 1915 gathered representatives from the Socialist parties of Germany, Austria and Hungary to the only meeting of the pro-war socialist parties of the Central Powers during World War I.
Seen by some as a response of answer to the first conference of pro-Entente socialists that had gathered in London that February, the Vienna Conference met on April 12–13, 1915. It was attended by Friedrich Ebert, Hugo Haase, Luise Zietz, Hermann Molkenbuhr and Hermann Müller representing the Social Democratic Party of Germany; Ernő Garami and Zsigmond Kunfi for the Hungarian Social Democratic Party and an unknown number of representatives of the Social Democratic Workers Party of German Austria.
The conference passed a resolution declaring that the predictions of the socialist movement made at its international congresses had come true—that the armaments race would lead to a world-wide catastrophe. They proclaimed that the proletariat suffers most from the war, and it was only natural that people in the belligerent as well as the neutral countries would be longing for peace and that the Social Democratic parties have always, and still do, strive for world peace and the brotherhood of peoples. However, the resolution also states that peoples were fighting to defend their independence and "that only such a peace as would not humiliate any of the peoples is possible, for only such a peace could establish a lasting co-operation among all civilized peoples.
The resolution stated four specific conditions that would be necessary for peace:
the establishment of international courts with compulsory arbitration in international conflicts
subjection of all international treaties to parliamentary, democratic control
limitation of armaments with disarmament as the final aim
national self-determination
The resolution concluded by noting that the fact that Social Democratic parties defended their countries should not be an obstacle to maintaining international contact with other parties, or result in the suspension of activities of their international institutions.
See also
Inter-Allied Socialist Conferences of World War I
Neutral Socialist Conferences during the First World War
References
History of socialism
Second International
World War I conferences
World War I socialist conferences
1915 conferences
1915 in Austria
1910s in Vienna
April 1915 events
Mendenitsa (), in the Middle Ages known as Mountonitsa (Μουντονίτσα) and Bodonitsa or Vodonitsa (Βοδονίτσα), is a village in Phthiotis, Greece. Along with the nearby village of Karavidia, it forms a community in the municipal unit of Molos.
History
The village is located on the northern slopes of Mount Kallidromon, some 6 km southeast of Thermopylae. The early history of the settlement is obscure; it was likely a Slavic settlement of the middle Byzantine period.
Mendenitsa only appears in the sources during the late Middle Ages, as the seat of the Marquisate of Bodonitsa, a Frankish Crusader state established in 1204 to guard the strategic pass of Thermopylae, that connected northern and southern Greece. Its first ruler, Guido Pallavicini, also built the castle, possibly located on the site of an ancient acropolis, often identified with that of the city of Pharygai. The Chronicle of the Morea reports that the original fief was granted by Boniface of Montferrat, King of Thessalonica, but following the recovery of Thessaly by the Greek Despotate of Epirus, it was soon cut off from Thessalonica, and formed indeed the northernmost march of the Latin states of southern Greece. By the middle of the century, the marquess became a vassal of the Principality of Achaea, and ranked among the twelve foremost barons of that realm.
Bodonitsa also became the residence of the Bishopric of Thermopylae, which came under Roman Catholic control after 1204. After two successive bishops had been killed by pirate attacks, in 1209 the bishop moved from the exposed coastal site to Bodonitsa; by the early 14th century the see had assumed its name in its title (eglise de la Bondenice). There was also a local Greek Orthodox see, a suffragan of Larissa in the 14th century and of Athens thereafter.
The fifth marquess, Albert Pallavicini, married Maria dalle Carceri, thereby connecting the marquisate to the Triarchy of Negroponte and ultimately to Venetian interests. Consequently, when the Catalan Company seized the Duchy of Athens in 1311, following the Battle of Halmyros—where, among the flower of the Frankish nobility of Greece, margrave Albert fell as well—Bodonitsa was able to survive by becoming a Venetian protectorate, although now Bodonitsa was also considered a feudatory of Athens, and a tribute was paid to the Catalan vicars-general. Venetian support was unable to prevent the plundering of the marquisate by the Aydinid Turks under Umur Bey in 1332, however.
When the first husband of the marchioness Guglielma Pallavicini died, they even asked Venice to choose a new husband for her: Nicholas I Zorzi, who married Guglielma in 1335. The couple fell out, and the headstrong marchioness evicted their husband from Bodonitsa, but their son Francis Zorzi continued the new dynasty's rule over Bodonitsa. The collapse of Catalan rule in 1388 liberated Bodonitsa from its tribute to Athens, but in 1394 a new and more dangerous appeared in the person of the Ottoman Sultan Bayezid I, who conquered most of Greece, including the nearby County of Salona. Bodonitsa was spared, possibly because of its Venetian connections, and agreed to pay tribute. Bayezid's death in the Battle of Ankara in 1402 gained a respite, that proved brief: already in 1408, the marquess Jacob Zorzi arranged for many of their subjects and their animals to find refuge at Karystos, and in 1410 the Ottomans invaded the marquisate and laid siege to Bodonitsa. The siege lasted until 20 June 1414, when the castle was captured and razed. The Venetians demanded its return to the exiled Nicholas III Zorzi at Karystos, without success; Nicholas III and their descendants continued to claim the marquisate until Euboea, and Karystos with it, fell to the Ottomans in 1470.
It is possible that the castle of Mendenitsa is to be identified with the Vriokastro (Βριόκαστρο) of later portolans.
References
Sources
Defunct dioceses of the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople
Populated places in Phthiotis
Catholic titular sees in Europe
Crusader castles in Greece
Medieval sites in Central Greece
The National Prize for Natural Sciences () was created in 1992 as one of the replacements for the National Prize for Sciences under Law 19169. The other two prizes in this same area are for Exact Sciences and Applied Sciences and Technologies.
It is part of the National Prize of Chile.
Winners
1992, Jorge Allende (biochemistry)
1994, Humberto Maturana (neurobiology)
1996, (hydrobiology)
1998, Juan Antonio Garbarino Bacigalupo (chemistry)
2000, (biophysics)
2002, Ramón Latorre (biophysics)
2004, Pedro Labarca Prado (biophysics)
2006, Cecilia Hidalgo Tapia (biochemistry)
2008, (neurobiology)
2010, Mary Kalin Arroyo (botany)
2012, (marine biology)
2014, Ligia Gargallo (chemistry)
2016, Francisco Rothhammer Engel (genetics)
2018, (ecology)
See also
List of biology awards
List of earth sciences awards
List of chemistry awards
List of medicine awards
List of neuroscience awards
List of psychology awards
CONICYT
References
1992 establishments in Chile
Awards established in 1992
Chilean science and technology awards
Earth sciences awards
Chemistry awards
Biology awards
Medicine awards
Neuroscience awards
Cognitive science awards
1992 in Chilean law
Mulama is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Simeon Mulama (born 1980), Kenyan footballer
Titus Mulama (born 1980), Kenyan footballer
Surnames of Kenyan origin
Wolica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References
Wolica
Patrick Arena was the main sports arena located in the Greater Victoria, British Columbia, area. The wood constructed arena was located in the suburb municipality of Oak Bay, on the north east corner of Cadboro Bay Road and Epworth Street (then called Empress Street). Built in 1911 at a cost of $110,000 with a capacity for 4,000 spectators, it officially opened with public skating on December 25, 1911. More than 600 skaters enjoyed the thrill of opening day. The owners, Frank and Lester Patrick, built the arena primarily to accommodate their hockey team in the newly formed Pacific Coast Hockey Association (PCHA).
Professional hockey
The first professional hockey game played at the Patrick Arena was between the New Westminster Royals and the hometown Victoria Senators on January 2, 1912. This was likely the first professional game on artificial ice in Canada. In 1913 the Victoria Senators were renamed as the Victoria Aristocrats. In 1916 the Patrick Arena was commandeered by the Canadian military and the hockey team was forced to move to Spokane, Washington, to play as the Spokane Canaries. When the military left, a new team was formed in 1918 and again was dubbed the Aristocrats. In 1923 they changed their name to the Victoria Cougars and when the PCHA disbanded in 1924 they moved to the Western Canada Hockey League (WCHL).
The 1925 Stanley Cup Finals saw the Western Canada Hockey League champion Victoria Cougars defeat the National Hockey League (NHL) champion Montreal Canadiens 3 games to 1 in the best-of-five game series. Games one, three and four were played at the Patrick Arena. The next year the Western Canada Hockey League was renamed as the Western Hockey League (WHL) with the Victoria Cougars winning the league championship again. In Victoria's second Stanley Cup Final the Montreal Maroons were too strong, out scoring Victoria 10 to 3 and handily beating them three games to one at the newly built Montreal Forum. The Western Hockey League folded following the 1925–26 season and the new Detroit NHL franchise purchased the Victoria Cougars players and played as the Detroit Cougars until 1930.
The next professional hockey team in Victoria was the Pacific Coast Hockey League's (PCHL) Victoria Cubs who began play in 1928. They were also scheduled to play in the 1929–1930 season but a fire destroyed the Patrick Arena on November 11, 1929, and the team played that season as a "road team." Their 18 scheduled home games were played on the road, divided between Vancouver and Seattle. After the team moved to Tacoma, Washington and became the Tacoma Tigers in 1930, Greater Victoria was without pro hockey until 1949, when a new version of the Victoria Cougars joined a new version of the PCHL in the new Victoria Memorial Arena.
Fire
The arena was destroyed by a fire in the pre-dawn hours of November 11, 1929; it was believed to be deliberately set.
Now
In 2001 a cairn commemorating the 1925 Stanley Cup victory by the Victoria Cougars was erected on Cadboro Bay Road in front of Oak Bay High School, right across the street from the old site of the Patrick Arena.
References
External links
Cyclone Taylor: A Hockey Legend by Eric Whitehead
Royal BC Museum image: Patrick Arena
The History of the Municipality of Oak Bay, by G. Murdoch (1968), taken from the Corporation of the District of Oak Bay website
Victoria's Hockey History provided by the Victoria Sports Hall Of Fame
Defunct indoor ice hockey venues in Canada
Sports venues in Victoria, British Columbia
Defunct indoor arenas in Canada
The Kinter K. Koontz House is a historic house and gardens located at 7620 N. 7th Street in Phoenix, Arizona. It was designed in the Spanish Colonial Revival style.
Historic preservation
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 20, 2011, as part of a multiple property listing study titled "North Central Phoenix Farmhouses and Rural Estate Homes, 1895–1959, MPS".
It was listed on the City of Phoenix's historic register, and thus given historic preservation overlay zoning by Phoenix in 2003.
References
Houses in Phoenix, Arizona
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arizona
National Register of Historic Places in Phoenix, Arizona
Spanish Colonial Revival architecture in Arizona
The CD302 antigen also known as C-type lectin domain family 13 members A is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CD302 gene.
Function
CD302 is a C-type lectin receptor involved in cell adhesion and migration, as well as endocytosis and phagocytosis.
References
External links
Further reading
Palakkad Lok Sabha constituency, once knows as Palghat constituency, is one of the 20 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in the Indian state of Kerala.
Assembly segments
Palakkad Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments:
Members of Parliament
Madras State
Election results
General election 2019
General election 2014
General election 2009
General election 1962
Kunhan Patinjara Veetilpadi (CPI) : 131,688 votes
V. Eacharan (Congress) : 59,353
See also
Palghat
Malappuram district
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
Indian general election, 2014 (Kerala)
References
External links
Election Commission of India: https://web.archive.org/web/20081218010942/http://www.eci.gov.in/StatisticalReports/ElectionStatistics.asp
Lok Sabha constituencies in Kerala
Politics of Palakkad district
Frank is an urban community in the Rocky Mountains within the Municipality of Crowsnest Pass in southwest Alberta, Canada. It was formerly incorporated as a village prior to 1979 when it amalgamated with four other municipalities to form Crowsnest Pass.
History
In 1901, American entrepreneurs Sam Gebo and Henry Frank developed the first of many coal mines in the Crowsnest Pass, in the base of Turtle Mountain. In May that year the first buildings were erected in the new community of Frank, located on flat land between the Canadian Pacific Railway tracks and the mine. The community was incorporated as the Village of Frank on September 3, 1901.
The community's grand opening on September 10, 1901 was an all-day event that included sporting competitions (with engraved medals for the victors), tours of the mine, a banquet, and a dance. Two special trains brought in the guests and the gourmet food (including a ton of ice cream). Henry Frank presided over the event, which was attended by the premier Frederick W. A. G. Haultain, their public works minister, and federal Minister of the Interior Clifford Sifton. Frank became the first incorporated village in the Crowsnest Pass and by 1903 served 1,000 people with two dozen businesses and services, a two-story brick school, and a regional post office.
The Frank Slide of 1903 destroyed much of the mine's infrastructure, several rural businesses, and seven houses on the outskirts of Frank, killing 70–90 people. However the mine reopened within weeks and the rail line was soon re-established through the slide path. Frank continued to boom, and in 1905–06 a new residential subdivision was developed north of the tracks to keep pace with mine production. A new zinc smelter and a new three-story hotel (Rocky Mountains Sanatorium) close to a cold sulphur spring were also constructed. A small zoo was built near the hotel.
However a period of decline soon followed. Due to market forces the zinc smelter never operated, and was converted to an ice skating arena. Fears of a second slide led to a government-ordered closure of the south townsite in 1911, and over the next several years its buildings were torn down or moved. The 1905 subdivision remained, but Frank ceased to be an important centre after the mine closed temporarily in 1912 and permanently in 1917. The sanatorium, converted to a military hospital in 1917, was torn down in 1928 after a period of abandonment. The post office was finally closed in 1968. On November 3, 1978, the Government of Alberta passed the Crowsnest Pass Municipal Unification Act, which led to the formal amalgamation of the Village of Frank with the Village of Bellevue, the Town of Blairmore, the Town of Coleman, and Improvement District (ID) No. 5 on January 1, 1979.
The Frank Slide was designated a Provincial Historical Resource in 1977, and in 1985, the provincial government opened a major interpretive centre in Frank that explains the Frank Slide and the coal mining history of the region. The site of the original Frank townsite is now an industrial park, and many of the historic buildings in the north subdivision are gone, including Gebo's stately mansion and the Catholic church blown down by wind in 1917. But there are a few houses that are over a hundred years old, and visitors can still see pieces of century-old wood-stave water pipes in Gold Creek, part of the foundation of the zinc plant (and the tunnel that connected it to its hilltop chimney), and an antique fire hydrant in the old closed townsite.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Frank had a population of 147 living in 66 of its 73 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 114. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of designated places in Alberta
List of former urban municipalities in Alberta
References
Crowsnest Pass, Alberta
Designated places in Alberta
Former villages in Alberta
Populated places disestablished in 1979
Olga Sharutenko (; born 1 April 1978) is a Russian former competitive ice dancer. With Dmitri Naumkin, they are the 1995 World Junior champion, a two-time Nebelhorn Trophy champion (1995 and 1997), the 1996 Karl Schäfer Memorial, and a two-time Winter Universiade champion (1997 and 1999).
Personal life
Sharutenko was born 1 April 1978 in Yekaterinburg, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union. Them mother was a former figure skater.
Career
Sharutenko began skating at age five and a half and taking ballet lessons from age six.
Partnership with Naumkin
Sharutenko skated in partnership with Dmitri Naumkin for fifteen years, training twice daily, six days a week during their competitive career. In November 1994, the duo won gold at the 1995 World Junior Championships in Budapest, ahead of France's Stéphanie Guardia / Franck Laporte.
Sharutenko/Naumkin moved up to the senior level in the 1995–96 season, taking gold at the 1995 Nebelhorn Trophy, silver at Czech Skate, and bronze at the Lysiane Lauret Challenge. Making their Champions Series (Grand Prix) debut, they placed 7th at the 1995 NHK Trophy.
The following season, Sharutenko/Naumkin were awarded gold at the 1996 Karl Schäfer Memorial and bronze at the 1996 Skate Israel. In the absence of Oksana Grishuk / Evgeni Platov and Anjelika Krylova / Oleg Ovsiannikov, they won silver at the 1997 Russian Championships behind Irina Lobacheva / Ilia Averbukh. They concluded their season with gold at the 1997 Winter Universiade in Jeonju, South Korea, ahead of fellow Russians Nina Ulanova / Mikhail Stifunin.
During the next two seasons, Sharutenko/Naumkin finished off the Russian national podium but won gold at the 1997 Nebelhorn Trophy and 1999 Winter Universiade. They competed together until the end of the 1998–99 season, coached by Alexei Gorshkov.
Post-competitive career
After retiring from competition, Sharutenko performed in shows with the Russian Ice Stars. They joined the Imperial Ice Stars in 2003. They have performed in Swan Lake on Ice, Sleeping Beauty, The Nutcracker, and other ice shows. Sharutenko has danced en pointe on ice. They appeared in two editions of the ITV's Dancing on Ice, skating with John Barrowman in series 1 (2006) and with Keith Chegwin in series 8 (2013).
Competitive highlights
GP: Champions Series / Grand Prix
With Naumkin
References
External links
OlgaSharutenko.com
Navigation
Russian female ice dancers
Living people
1978 births
Sportspeople from Yekaterinburg
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Universiade medalists in figure skating
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Competitors at the 1997 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 1999 Winter Universiade
Kalakada is a village in Annamayya district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is the mandal headquarters of Kalakada mandal.papulation (2001)
-Total 34,279
- males 17,398
- females. 16,881
literacy (2001)
- total 56.08%
- males 70.12%
-females 41.64 %
References
Villages in Annamayya district
Mandal headquarters in Annamayya district
Krasnochetaysky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-one in the Chuvash Republic, Russia. It is located in the west of the republic and borders with Yadrinsky District in the north, Morgaushsky District in the east, Alikovsky and Shumerlinsky Districts in the south, and with Nizhny Novgorod Oblast in the west. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a selo) of Krasnye Chetai. Population: The population of Krasnye Chetai accounts for 15.5% of the district's total population.
History
The district was formed on September 27, 1944.
Notable people
Anatoly Danilov (born 1954), painter
References
Notes
Sources
Districts of Chuvashia
Arun Kumar Guththur is an Indian politician who is the current Member of the Karnataka Legislative Assembly from Ranebennur Vidhan Sabha constituency in the by-election in 2019 as a Bharatiya Janata Party candidate.
References
1978 births
Living people
Karnataka MLAs 2018–2023
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Karnataka
People from Haveri district
Merkenfritzerbach is a small river of Hesse, Germany. It flows into the Nidder in Hirzenhain.
See also
List of rivers of Hesse
Rivers of Hesse
Rivers of Germany
Bulbophyllum pteroglossum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
References
The Bulbophyllum-Checklist
The Internet Orchid Species Photo Encyclopedia
pteroglossum
Laetacara curviceps, the Flag acara, Dwarf flag cichlid, is a species of cichlid that lives in slow-moving rivers and streams as well as ponds and lakes of the Amazon Basin. This species can reach a total length of .
In the aquarium
The species is very peaceful compared to most other cichlids, and will not uproot plants. They enjoy slightly soft and acidic water, but are generally tolerant of a range of conditions. Flag acaras are ideal for communities with other peaceful Amazon fish, such as tetras and apistos. Flag acaras are commonly kept in aquariums though they were more popular in the past; nowadays other dwarf cichlids like apistos and rams have become favorites
Breeding
Flag acaras will pair up at a very young age, as small as one and a half inches. The fish will flare at each other when pairing up and will later swim together and breed. They usually stay with their mate for the rest of their lives. It does not take much to trigger the breeding of these fish. Simple good treatment is more than often enough, although warm and clean water and much live food will help. They will almost always lay their eggs on a flat surface, but may spawn directly on gravel.
After a few days the eggs will hatch and become wigglers. This is when the fish have hatched out of their eggs, but are still attached to the spawning surface, and feeding off of their yolk sacs, which are attached to their stomachs. After five to seven days of being wigglers, the fish have almost completely consumed their yolk sacs and become free swimming. They are very small, but can normally eat newborn brine shrimp as a first food. They can also be fed liquid fry food, which is available at most fish or pet stores.
The parents take equal guard shifts protecting the eggs, wigglers, and fry. As devoted as the parents are, they sometimes seem to get confused and eat their own eggs. If fearful for their brood's safety, the parents pick up the fry in their mouth and move them across the tank. They take turns moving the fry, one standing guard over the already moved young. The fry are protected by their parents until they are moderately large and can fend for themselves.
See also
List of freshwater aquarium fish species
References
Cichlasomatini
Fish described in 1923
Uzma Beg is a Pakistani actor, television presenter and Radio host.  They are active in the industry since last decade and has played supporting roles in several television series. They played the comic role of Naik Bakht “Bakhto” in Chupke Chupke which earned them better recognition. In 2022, they made their cinematic debut with Ehteshamuddin's Dum Mastam.
Life and career
Born in Lahore, Pakistan, Beg has lived in Paris, London, Melbourne, Sydney and Dubai. They want to become and actor since their childhood however, a career in TV and films was frowned upon by their parents and they were never allowed to perform in front of the camera. Later, They were however able to pursue acting after marriage.
They started acting in 2015 and first played a supporting role in Momina Duraid's soap Ishq-e-Benaam. They received little praise by portraying a frustrated wife and mother in social drama Bisaat e Dil, and supportive and timid eldest daughter-in-law of a haveli in pre-partition romance Aangan. In 2021, they appeared as supporting actor in Hum TV's Ramadan special Chupke Chupke (TV series). The series was written by Saima Akram Chaudhry and directed by Danish Nawaz in which Beg played the character of Naik Bakht “Bakhto”, a Siraki wife of a Nawab who fights at every occasion with the other wife Nawab Sahab and was praised for their performance and character.
Filmography
Film
Dum Mastam (2022)
Television
Web series
References
Living people
Pakistani women television presenters
21st-century Pakistani actores
Pakistani television actores
Women radio presenters
Pakistani radio personalities
Actresses from Lahore
Year of birth missing (living people)
Bastards may refer to:
Film
Bastards (2006 film), a 2006 Russian film
Bastards (2013 film), a 2013 French film by Claire Denis
Father Figures, a 2017 American comedy film originally called Bastards
Music
Lars Frederiksen and the Bastards, a 2000s American street punk band
Albums
Bastards (Björk album), 2012
Bastards (Cerebral Fix album) or the title song, 1991
Bastards (Motörhead album), 1993
Bastards (Saigon Kick album), 1999
¡Bastardos!, the eighth studio album by rock band Blues Traveler, 2005
Songs
"Bastards", by the Bloody Hawaiians from The Threegos, 1994
"Bastards", by Defeater from Letters Home, 2013
"Bastards", by the Golden Dogs from Everything in 3 Parts, 2004
"Bastards", by Kesha from Rainbow, 2017
"Bastards", by Machine Head from Catharsis, 2018
"Bastards", by the Real McKenzies from Clash of the Tartans, 1998
"Bastards", by Shut Up and Dance, mixed by Nicolette, from DJ-Kicks: Nicolette, 1997
See also
Bastard (disambiguation)
The Bastards (disambiguation)
Michal Strnad (born 4 August 1992) is a Czech entrepreneur and the 100 % owner of the Czechoslovak Group, the industrial holding of companies which operates mainly in aerospace, automotive, defence and rail industries.
Biography
Michal Strnad has worked in the Czechoslovak Group, then owned by their father Jaroslav, since 2011. In 2015 they were appointed the chairperson of the board. In 2018, the ownership of the Czechoslovak Group was transferred to them by their father. Besides being the chairperson, Michal Strnad is active CEO of the group. CSG is considered one of the most important family-owned companies in the Czech Republic.
Under the leadership of Michal Strnad, Czechoslovak Group became a major industrial group that produces regionally and globally unique products in several fields and areas.
The current portfolio mixes the production of engineering products for the automotive, railway and aerospace industries with watches, specialised vehicles and off-road trucks. In addition, CSG works closely with General Dynamics European Land Systems, a Madrid-based manufacturer of ground defence vehicles, and Nexter Systems, a leading French manufacturer of military ground equipment.
References
Living people
1992 births
Czech billionaires
People from Chrudim
Czech chief executives
Nallari Kiran Kumar Reddy (born 13 September 1959) is an Indian politician who served as the 16th Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh between 25 November 2010 and 1 March 2014. They were the last Chief Minister of the United Andhra Pradesh before the formation of the Telangana state on 2 June 2014.
Reddy was sworn in as the 16th Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh on 25 November 2010. A four-time Member of the Legislative Assembly in Andhra Pradesh, they were a leader of the Indian National Congress party before resigning from it in February 2014 over the creation of Telangana state. Concurrently Reddy also submitted their resignation from the chief ministership to Governor E. S. L. Narasimhan; the latter accepted the resignation, but asked Reddy to continue as caretaker chief minister. President's Rule was imposed in the state on 1 March 2014. On 10 March 2014 they floated their new political outfit called Jai Samaikyandhra Party. In elections the party failed to win a single seat and lost deposits in numerous seats. The party dissolved on 13 July 2018 and Reddy re-joined INC.
Early life
Kiran Kumar Reddy is a Congress party member and their father Amaranath Reddy was a minister in P. V. Narasimha Rao cabinet When P.V. Narasimha Rao was the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh as Mr. Reddy was considered close to late Indira Gandhi and P.V. Narsimha Rao. Their family hails from Nagaripalle, near Kalikiri, (Erstwhile Chittoor) Annamayya district. They did their schooling from Hyderabad Public School and intermediate from St. Joseph's Junior College, Hyderabad. They did their B.Com. from Nizam College and LL.B. from University College of Law, Osmania University. They were an avid cricketer in college, batch mate of former Indian Cricket team captain Mohammad Azharuddin, and represented Hyderabad in Ranji trophy.
They also captained the Hyderabad under-22 , South Zone Universities and Osmania University cricket teams. They also attended Besant Theosophical High School in Chennai for some years.
Political career
Reddy was elected to Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly in 1989 after their father's death. They served as member of the Public Undertakings Committee and Assurance Committee. They were elected to the state assembly from Native Vayalpadu (Valmikipuram) in 1989, 1999 and 2004. They lost in 1994 when Congress was routed in Chittoor district. They won from Pileru in 2009 after Valmikipuram got merged into Pileru constituency under delimitation. A known YSR loyalist, they were the Congress government chief whip for five years from 2004, before they were made the speaker. On 10 March 2014 they announced the formation of Jai Samaikyandhra Party with Chundru Srihari Rao as its Founder-President.
They have re-joined the Congress party in July 2018 in the presence of AICC Chief Rahul Gandhi.
As Speaker
Reddy was unanimously elected as Speaker of the 13th Andhra Pradesh Assembly in June 2009. Their name for the speaker's post was proposed by erstwhile chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy, AIMIM floor leader Akbaruddin Owaisi, Agriculture minister N. Raghuveera Reddy and two other independents.
As Chief Minister
Reddy was made to be the new Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh after incumbent K Rosaiah resigned citing personal reasons, by the Congress Legislature Party and authorised party in 2011. On 19 February 2014, they resigned from the post of Chief Minister, as MLA (legislator) and also from the Congress party, after the Telangana bill was passed in Lok Sabha.
Welfare programmes
Reddy is credited with launching schemes such as Mee Seva, Rajiv Yuva Kiranalu, SC/ST Sub-Plan, Bangaru Thalli, Mana Biyyam, Amma Hastham, and the Chittor water scheme.
Jai Samaikyandhra Party
On 11 March 2014, Reddy wanted to launch a new political party in order to survive in the state and named as Jai Samaikyandhra Party, by opposing the centre's decision on bifurcation of the Andhra Pradesh state. They formally launched the party in Rajahmundry on 12 March 2014. Finally, Reddy dissolved it and re-joined INC on 13 July 2018.
See also
List of Chief Ministers of Andhra Pradesh
References
1959 births
Chief ministers from Indian National Congress
Chief Ministers of Andhra Pradesh
Indian National Congress politicians from Andhra Pradesh
Living people
Osmania University alumni
People from Chittoor district
People from Rayalaseema
Speakers of the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly
Telangana politicians
Telugu politicians
Fındıcak is a village in the Gemlik district of Bursa Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Gemlik District
Pompeston Creek is a creek in Burlington County, New Jersey. Pompeston Creek drains an area of 9 square miles, and runs through Riverton, Moorestown, Delran, and Cinnaminson. The river's headwaters are located in Moorestown, and Pompeston Creek flows directly into the Delaware River. Wetlands are common along the banks of the river.
Water quality
80% of the land use within the Pompeston Creek Watershed is urban, and this contributes to the water quality problem in the watershed. The stormwater runoff is often polluted from the urban landscape and from animal wastes and fertilizers, and this runs into the river through the over 200 stormwater outfalls into Pompeston Creek.
Pompeston Creek's water quality improves as you head upstream into Moorestown, and the quality worsens as you near the mouth of the river, passing over more urbanized areas. Water quality has improved in recent years, thanks to efforts from volunteers and informed citizens, as well as stormwater management plans.
References
Rivers of New Jersey
Rivers of Burlington County, New Jersey
Eburia blancaneaui is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae found in Belize, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Mexico.
References
blancaneaui
Beetles described in 1880
Senet or senat (; cf. Coptic ⲥⲓⲛⲉ /sinə/ "passing, afternoon") is a board game from ancient Egypt. The earliest representation of senet is dated to E from the Mastaba of Hesy-Re, while similar boards and hieroglyphic signs are found even earlier. The game fell out of use following the Roman period, and its original rules are the subject of conjecture.
History
Fragmentary boards that could be senet have been found in First Dynasty burials in Egypt, E. The first unequivocal painting of this ancient game is from the Third Dynasty tomb of Hesy (c. 2686–2613 BCE). People are depicted playing senet in a painting in the tomb of Rashepes, as well as from other tombs of the Fifth and Sixth Dynasties (c. 2500 BCE). The oldest intact senet boards date to the Middle Kingdom, but graffiti on Fifth and Sixth Dynasty monuments could date as early as the Old Kingdom.
At least by the time of the New Kingdom in Egypt (1550–1077 BCE), senet was conceived as a representation of the journey of the ka (the vital spark) to the afterlife. This connection is made in the Great Game Text, which appears in a number of papyri, as well as the appearance of markings of religious significance on senet boards themselves. The game is also referred to in chapter XVII of the Book of the Dead. A study on a senet board in the Rosicrucian Egyptian Museum, dating back to the early New Kingdom of Egypt, showed the evolution of the game from its secular origins into a more religious artefact.
Senet also was played by people in neighbouring cultures, and it probably came to those places through trade relationships between Egyptians and local peoples. It has been found in the Levant at sites such as Arad and Byblos, as well as in Cyprus. Because of the local practice of making games out of stone, there are more senet games that have been found in Cyprus than have been found in Egypt.
Gameplay
The senet gameboard is a grid of 30 squares, arranged in three rows of ten. A senet board has two sets of pawns (at least five of each). Although details of the original game rules are a subject of some conjecture, historians Timothy Kendall and R. C. Bell have made their own reconstructions of the game rules. These rules are based on snippets of texts that span over a thousand years, over which time gameplay is likely to have changed. Therefore, it is unlikely these rules reflect the exact course of ancient Egyptian gameplay. Their rules have been adopted by sellers of modern senet sets. Scenes found in Old Kingdom tombs, dating 2686–2160 BCE, reveal that Senet was a game of position, strategy, and a bit of luck.
In a presentation to the XX Board Games Studies Colloquium at the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, Espen Aarseth asked if the game senet could be said to still exist, given that the rules were unknown. In response, Alexander de Voogt of the American Museum of Natural History pointed out that games did not have a fixed set of rules, but rules varied over time and from place to place. Moreover, many players of games, even today, do not play (or sometimes do not even know) the "official rules". Games historian Eddie Duggan (University of Suffolk) provides a brief resume of ideas related to the ancient Egyptian game of senet (together with an overview of the so-called "Royal Game of Ur") and a version of rules for play in their teaching notes on ancient games.
See also
Hounds and Jackals – ancient Egyptian board game
Mehen – another ancient Egyptian game
Patolli – a game of pre-Columbian Mesoamerican cultures
Royal Game of Ur – a Mesopotamian game played 3000 BC
Tâb – a Middle Eastern game that is sometimes confused with senet
Mancala - a set of similar games played across East and West Africa
References
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
Rules speculation.
Senet compared with the Royal Game of Ur
History of board games
Ancient Egyptian culture
Traditional board games
African games
Egyptian inventions
Historical tables games
Uruguay held local government elections on September 27, 2020, to elect the intendente of the 19 departments that are the administrative divisions of Uruguay, as well as 31 councilors; and a mayor and four councilors for each of the municipalities. Across the country, 19 intendants, 589 ediles, 125 mayors and 500 councilors will be elected. This will be the second time that both intendentes and alcaldes are elected simultaneously.
Initially, the election was to be held on May 10, however, in March 2020 all the political parties that made up the General Assembly, the Electoral Court and Vice President Beatriz Argimón, in a joint decision, agreed to postpone for the only time for Sunday, September 27, 2020 due to the coronavirus pandemic in the country.
Election by department
In the municipal elections of May 2015, the Partido Nacional had won 12 departments, the Partido Colorado 1 departments, and the Frente Amplio 6 departments.
Artigas
Canelones
Cerro Largo
Colonia
Durazno
Flores
Florida
Lavalleja
Maldonado
Montevideo
Paysandú
Río Negro
Rivera
Rocha
Salto
San José
Soriano
Tacuarembó
Treinta y Tres
See also
2019 Uruguayan general election
References
External links
Local and municipal elections in Uruguay
Uruguay
Municipal elections
September 2020 events in South America
Mantra pushpam is a Vedic hymn that is sung at the time of offering of the flowers to the Hindu deities at the very end of the Pujas. The mantra is considered to be the flower of Vedic chants.
This mantra is taken from the Taittiriya Aranyakam of the Yajur Veda. It speaks of the unlimited benefits which will be conferred by the secret knowledge of the water, fire, air, the sun, the moon, the stars, the clouds and time. It is normally sung in a chorus by all the Pujaris (priests) together after performing any Puja (worship) or Yajna. It tells in short that water (here water is ether) is the basis of this universe.
Mantra and meaning
The mantra or the chantings consists of the following hymns
MANTRA:
|| Yo'pam pushpam veda
Pushpavan prajavan pashuvan bhavati
Chandramava Apam pushpam
Pushpavan, Prajavan pashuman bhavati
Ya Evam Veda
Yo pam ayatanam Veda
Ayatanavan bhavati.
MEANING:
They who understands the flowers of water,
They become the possessor of flowers, children and animals.
Moon is the flower of the water,
They who understands this fact,
They become the possessor of flowers, children and animals.
They who knows the source of water,
Becomes established in himself,
MANTRA:
Agnirva Apamayatanam
Ayatanavan Bhavati
Yo agnerayatanam Veda
Ayatanavan bhavati
Apovagner ayatanam
Ayatanavan bhavati
Ya Evam Veda
Yopa mayatanam Veda
Ayatanavan bhavati
MEANING:
Fire is the source of water,
They who knows this,
Becomes established in himself,
Water is the source of fire,
They who knows this,
Becomes established in himself.
They who knows the source of water,
Becomes established in himself,
MANTRA:
Vayurva Apamaya tanam
Ayatanavan bhavati.
Yova Yorayatanam Veda
Ayatanavan bhavati|
Apovai va yorayatanam
Ayatanavan bhavati.
Ya Evam veda
Yopamayatanam Veda
Ayatanavan Bhavati
MEANING:
Air is the source of water,
They who knows this,
Becomes established in himself,
Water is the source of air,
They who knows this,
Becomes established in himself.
They who knows the source of water,
Becomes established in himself,
MANTRA:
Asouvai tapanna pamayatanam
Ayatanavan bhavati
Yo mushya tapata Ayatanam Veda
Ayatanavan bhavati
Apova Amushyatapata Ayatanam
Ayatanavan bhavati
Ya Evam Veda
Yopa mayatanam Veda
Ayatanavan bhavati
MEANING:
Scorching sun is the source of water,
They who knows this,
Becomes established in himself,
Water is the source of scorching sun,
They who knows this,
Becomes established in himself.
They who knows the source of water,
Becomes established in himself,
MANTRA:
Candrama Vama pamayatnam
Ayatanavan bhavati.
Yashcandra masa Ayatanam Veda
Ayatanavan bhavati
Apovai Candra masa Ayatanam
Ayatanavan bhavati
Ya Evam Veda
Yo pamayatanam veda
Ayatanavan bhavati
MEANING:
Moon is the source of water,
They who knows this,
Becomes established in himself,
Water is the source of moon,
They who knows this,
Becomes established in himself.
They who knows the source of water,
Becomes established in himself,
MANTRA:
Nakshatrani va Apamayatanam
Ayatanavan bhavati
Yo Nakshtrana mayatanam Veda
Ayatanavan bhavati
Apovai Nakshtrana mayatanam
Ayatanavan bhavati
Ye evam Veda
Yopamaya tanam Veda
Ayatanavan bhavati
MEANING
Stars are the source of water,
They who knows this,
Becomes established in himself,
Water is the source of stars,
They who knows this,
Becomes established in himself.
They who knows the source of water,
Becomes established in himself,
MANTRA
Parjanyova apamayatanam
Ayatanavan bhavati
Yah parjanyasya syayatanam Veda
Ayatanavan bhavati
Apovai parjanya Syayatanam
Ayatanavan bhavati
Ye Evam veda
Yopa maya tanam Veda
Ayatanavan bhavati
MEANING:
Clouds are the source of water,
They who knows this,
Becomes established in himself,
Water is the source of clouds,
They who knows this,
Becomes established in himself.
They who knows the source of water,
Becomes established in himself,
MANTRA:
Samvastaro Va Apamayatanam
Ayatavan bhavati
Yassamvatsarasya ayatanam Veda
Ayatavan bhavati.
Apovai samvatsarasya ayatanam
Ayatanavan bhavati
Ya Evam veda
Yopsu Navam pratishtitam veda
Pratyeva tishtati
MEANING:
Rainy season is the source of water,
They who knows this,
Becomes established in himself,
Water is the source of rainy season,
They who knows this,
Becomes established in himself.
They who knows that there is a raft is available,
Becomes established in that raft.
Rajadhirajaya prasahyasahine
namo vayo vai shravanaya kurmahe
Same kaman kama kamaya mahyam
Kameshvarou vai shravano dadatu
Kuberaya vai shravanaya maharajaya namah ||
References
Vedic hymns
Aich may refer to:
Aich, Styria, a municipality in Styria, Austria
Aich (river), a river in Baden-Württemberg, Germany
Aich's Alloy, a type of brass
Gut Aich Priory, a Benedictine monastery in St. Gilgen in Austria
Animesh Aich, Bangladeshi filmmaker, actor, director and writer
Jewel Aich, Bangladeshi magician and bansuri player
Manohar Aich (1912–2016), Indian bodybuilder
Prodosh Aich (born 1933), retired Bengali-Indian professor, author of several books
Aich (surname), a Bengali Hindu surname
AICH may refer to:
AICH, Advanced Intelligent Corruption Handling, a corruption handling method used in eMule
American Indian Community House
See also
Eich (disambiguation)
The council of the Overstrand Local Municipality in the Western Cape, South Africa is elected every five years by a system of mixed-member proportional representation. Half of the councillors are elected by first-past-the-post voting from individual wards, while the other half are appointed from party lists so that the total number of party representatives is proportional to the number of votes received. By-elections are held to replace the councillors elected by wards if a vacancy occurs.
Results
The following table shows the composition of the council after past elections and floor-crossing periods.
December 2000 election
The Overstrand municipality was created in 2000 by merging the Hangklip-Kleinmond, Hermanus, Stanford and Gansbaai municipalities. The council consisted of 18 members, 9 elected to represent wards and 9 from party lists. The election was held on 5 December 2000; the Democratic Alliance won a majority of 12 seats.
By-elections from December 2000 to October 2002
The following by-elections were held to fill vacant ward seats in the period between the election in December 2000 and the floor crossing period in October 2002.
October 2002 floor crossing
In terms of the Eighth Amendment of the Constitution and the judgment of the Constitutional Court in United Democratic Movement v President of the Republic of South Africa and Others, in the period from 8–22 October 2002 councillors had the opportunity to cross the floor to a different political party without losing their seats.
In the Overstrand council, seven councillors departed the Democratic Alliance (DA) to become representatives of the New National Party (NNP). The NNP, which had formerly been part of the DA, then formed a coalition with the African National Congress (ANC); this coalition had a majority of 12 seats.
September 2004 floor crossing
Another floor-crossing period occurred on 1–15 September 2004. In the Overstrand council, 5 councillors crossed from the New National Party (NNP) to the African National Congress (ANC), giving the ANC a majority of 10 seats.
March 2006 election
At the elections of 1 March 2006, the council was expanded to 19 members with the addition of a new ward. The Democratic Alliance won a majority with 10 seats.
September 2007 floor crossing
The final floor-crossing period occurred on 1–15 September 2007; floor-crossing was subsequently abolished in 2008 by the Fifteenth Amendment of the Constitution. In the Overstrand council, the only representative of the African Christian Democratic Party crossed to the Democratic Alliance (DA), giving the DA an increased majority with 11 seats. The only representative of the Independent Democrats, as well as one representative of the African National Congress, crossed to the newly formed National People's Party.
By-elections from September 2007 to May 2011
The following by-elections were held to fill vacant ward seats in the period between the floor crossing period in September 2007 and the election in May 2011.
May 2011 election
At the election of 18 May 2011, the council was expanded to 25 members with the addition of 3 new wards and 3 new PR list seats. The Democratic Alliance won a majority with 15 seats.
By-elections from May 2011 to August 2016
The following by-elections were held to fill vacant ward seats in the period between the elections in May 2011 and August 2016.
August 2016 election
At the election of 3 August 2016, the Democratic Alliance won a majority with 16 seats.
By-elections from August 2016 to 2021
The following by-elections were held to fill vacant ward seats in the period between the elections since August 2016.
November 2021 election
At the election of 1 November 2021, the Democratic Alliance won a majority with 17 seats.
Notes
References
Overstrand Local Municipality
Overstrand
Elections in the Western Cape
Hacıveliler, Kumluca is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
From 550 BC to 640 AD the area was the centre of a Greek settlement called Korydalla. According to The Princeton Encyclopedia of Classical Sites, "The city is recorded by Hekataios and by several later writers. Pliny (HN 5.100) calls it a city of the Rhodians; and probably, like its neighbors Rhodiapolis, Gagai, and Phaselis, it was founded from Rhodes. On the other hand, a bilingual inscription in Lycian and Greek, recently found at Kumluca, shows it to have been a genuine Lycian city." The city is said to have stood on two hills some 90 m high. Unfortunately according to the Princeton Encyclopaedia, "The ruins previously visible have in recent years been utterly destroyed and the stones carried away."
References
Villages in Kumluca District
A Casual Affair: The Best of Tonic is a compilation album of the band Tonic, released in 2009. The album was released in conjunction with the band reuniting for a national tour from late 2008 to late fall of 2009. The album features twelve songs from their first three albums, plus three bonus tracks: live versions of the songs "Irish" and "Sugar" in addition to an acoustic version of "You Wanted More."
Track listing
"You Wanted More" (3:53)
"Take Me as I Am" (3:38)
"If You Could Only See" (4:24)
"Knock Down Walls" (3:46)
"Count on Me" (Somebody)" (3:49)
"Sugar" (3:31)
"Soldier's Daughter" (5:04)
"Lemon Parade" (3:42)
"Mean to Me" (4:13)
"Open Up Your Eyes" (3:43)
"Casual Affair" (3:35)
"Irish" (5:07)
"You Wanted More" (acoustic) (3:52)
"Sugar" (live) (4:04)
"Irish" (live) (7:19)
"Open Up Your Eyes" (live) (3:40) (iTunes Bonus Track)
"Lemon Parade" (live) (3:44) (iTunes Bonus Track)
"Casual Affair" (live) (3:47) (iTunes Bonus Track)
"If You Could Only See" (acoustic) (iTunes Bonus Track)
"Soldier's Daughter" (Radio Edit) (iTunes Bonus Track)
"If You Could Only See" (Two Meter Sessions) (iTunes Bonus Track)
References
Tonic (band) compilation albums
2009 compilation albums
Polydor Records compilation albums
The following is a list of Brazil national football team managers.
Managers
Rubens Salles & Sílvio Lagreca 1914
Joaquim Ribeiro, Montenegro, Mário Cardim & Silvio Lagreca 1916
Borgerth, Cristófaro, Teixeira Carvalho, Mário Pollo & Chico Netto 1917
Ferreira Netto & Amílcar Barbuy 1918
Arnaldo da Silveira, Amílcar Barbuy, Mário Pollo & Ferreira Netto 1919
Oswaldo Gomes & Fortes 1920
Ferreira Netto 1921
Ferreira Netto, Célio de Barros & Amílcar Barbuy 1922
Laís 1922
Clodô 1922
Chico Netto 1923
Joaquim Guimarães 1925
Ramón Platero 1925
Laís 1928–1929
Píndaro de Carvalho 1930
Luiz Vinhaes 1931–1934
Armindo Nobs Ferreira 1934–1935
Adhemar Pimenta 1936–1938
Carlos Nascimento 1939
Sílvio Lagreca 1940
Jayme Barcelos 1940
Adhemar Pimenta 1942
Joreca 1944
Flávio Costa 1944–1950
Zezé Moreira 1952
Aymoré Moreira 1953
Zezé Moreira 1954–1955
Vicente Feola 1955
Flávio Costa 1955
Osvaldo Brandão 1955–1956
Teté 1956
Flávio Costa 1956
Sylvio Pirillo 1957
Pedrinho 1957
Vicente Feola 1958–1960
Gentil Cardoso 1959
Foguinho 1960
Aymoré Moreira 1961–1963
Vicente Feola 1964–1965
Filpo Núñez 1965
Osvaldo Brandão 1965
Aymoré Moreira 1965
Vicente Feola 1965–1966
Carlos Froner 1966
Aymoré Moreira 1967–1968
Mário Zagallo 1967
Antoninho 1968
Mário Zagallo 1968
Biju, Carlyle Guimarães & Jota Júnior 1968
Yustrich 1968
João Saldanha 1969–1970
Mário Zagallo 1970–1974
Osvaldo Brandão 1975–1977
Mário Travaglini 1976
Cláudio Coutinho 1977–1979
Telê Santana 1980–1982
Carlos Alberto Parreira 1983
Edu Coimbra 1984
Evaristo de Macedo 1985
Telê Santana 1985–1986
Carlos Alberto Silva 1987–1988
Sebastião Lazaroni 1989–1990
Paulo Roberto Falcão 1990–1991
Ernesto Paulo 1991
Carlos Alberto Parreira 1991–1994
Mário Zagallo 1994–1998
Vanderlei Luxemburgo 1998–2000
Candinho 2000
Émerson Leão 2000–2001
Luiz Felipe Scolari 2001–2002
Mário Zagallo 2002
Ricardo Gomes 2003
Carlos Alberto Parreira 2003–2006
Dunga 2006–2010
Mano Menezes 2010–2012
Luiz Felipe Scolari 2012–2014
Dunga 2014–2016
Tite 2016–
Most manager appearances
In bold the current manager
Notes
References
Placar, No. 1094, May 1994
Brazilian National Team Coaches - RSSSF
Brazil
Football team managers
Svetlana Selerneva (born ) is a retired Azerbaijani female volleyball player. They were part of the Azerbaijan women's national volleyball team at the 1994 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship in Brazil. On club level they played with Neffyag Baku.
Clubs
Neffyag Baku (1994)
References
1964 births
Living people
Azerbaijani women's volleyball players
Place of birth missing (living people)
Clickable map of the depopulated locations
During the 1947–1949 Palestine war around 400 Arab towns and villages were depopulated, with a majority being entirely destroyed and left uninhabitable. Today these locations are all in Israel; many of the locations were repopulated by Jewish immigrants, with their place names replaced with Hebrew place names.
Arabs remained in small numbers in some of the cities (Haifa, Jaffa and Acre); and Jerusalem was divided between Jordan and Israel. Around 30,000 Palestinians remained in Jerusalem in what became the Arab part of it (East Jerusalem). In addition, some 30,000 non-Jewish refugees relocated to East Jerusalem, while 5,000 Jewish refugees moved from the Old City to West Jerusalem on the Israeli side. An overwhelming number of the Arab residents who had lived in the cities that became a part of Israel and were renamed (Acre, Haifa, Safad, Tiberias, Ashkelon, Beersheba, Jaffa and Beisan) fled or were expelled. Most of the Palestinians who remain there are internally displaced people from the villages nearby.
A number of the towns and villages were destroyed by Israeli forces in the aftermath of the 1948 war, but it was not until 1965 that more than 100 remaining locations – including many of the largest depopulated places – were demolished by the Israel Land Administration.
There are more than 120 "village memorial books" documenting the history of the depopulated Palestinian villages. These books are based on accounts given by villagers. Rochelle A. Davis has described the authors as seeking "to pass on information about their villages and their values to coming generations".
The towns and villages listed below are arranged according to the subdistricts of Mandatory Palestine they were situated in.
Table
Towns and cities
Acre
Haifa
Safad
Tiberias
Ramle
Lydda
Al-Majdal, Askalan (renamed Ashkelon)
Beersheba
Jaffa
Beisan
Villages
Acre Subdistrict
al-Bassa - military assault, expulsion by Yishuv forces, 14 May 1948
al-Birwa - military assault, 11 June 1948 or mid-July
al-Damun - military assault, 15–16 July 1948.
al-Ghabisiyya
al-Kabri – military assault, fear, 21 May 1948.
al-Manshiyya – military assault, 14 May 1948
al-Mansura – expulsion by Yishuv forces, early November 1948
al-Nabi Rubin
al-Nahr - military assault, 21 May 1948.
al-Ruways
al-Sumayriyya military assault, 14 May 1948
al-Tall (Tell) - military assault, 21 May 1948
Amqa - military assault, 10–11 July 1948.
Arab al-Samniyya
Az-Zeeb (al-Zib) - military assault, 14 May 1948
Dayr al-Qassi
Iqrit - expulsion by Yishuv forces, early November 1948.
Kafr 'Inan – expulsion by Yishuv forces, February 1949
Khirbat Iribbin
Khirbat Jiddin
Kuwaykat – military assault, 10 July 1948.
Mi'ar
Sha'ab
Suhmata - military assault, 30 October 1948
Suruh - expulsion by Yishuv forces, early November 1948
Tarbikha, expulsion by Yishuv forces, early November 1948
Umm al-Faraj - military assault, 21 May 1948
Beersheba Subdistrict
al-Imara
al-Jammama
al-Khalasa
Beersheba, military assault, expulsions, 20 October 1948
Umm al-Rashrash
Beisan Subdistrict
al-Ashrafiyya
Al-Bira
al-Fatur
al-Ghazzawiyya
al-Hamidiyya
Al-Hamra
al-Khunayzir
al-Murassas
al-Sakhina
al-Samiriyya
al-Tira
Arab al-'Arida
Arab al-Bawati
Arab al-Safa
Beisan
Danna
Farwana
Jabbul
Kafra
Kawkab al-Hawa
Khirbat Al-Taqa
Khirbat Umm Sabuna
Khirbat Zawiya
Masil al-Jizl
Qumya
Sirin - Arab evacuation order, April–May 1948.
Tall al-Shawk
Umm 'Ajra
Yubla
Zab'a
Gaza Subdistrict
al-Batani al-Gharbi
al-Batani al-Sharqi
al-Faluja
al-Jaladiyya
al-Jiyya
al-Jura
al-Khisas
al-Masmiyya al-Kabira
al-Masmiyya al-Saghira
al-Muharraqa
al-Sawafir al-Gharbiyya
al-Sawafir al-Shamaliyya
al-Sawafir al-Sharqiyya
Arab Suqrir
Isdud
al-Majdal
Barbara
Barqa
Bayt 'Affa
Bayt Daras
Bayt Jirja
Bayt Tima
Bil'in
Burayr
Dayr Sunayd
Dimra
Hamama
Hatta
Hiribya
Huj
Hulayqat
Ibdis
Iraq al-Manshiyya
Iraq Suwaydan
Julis
Jusayr
Karatiyya
Kawfakha
Kawkaba
Najd
Ni'ilya
Qastina
Simsim
Summil
Tall al-Turmus
Yasur
Haifa Subdistrict
Abu Shusha
Abu Zurayq
al-Butaymat
al-Ghubayya al-Fawqa
al-Ghubayya al-Tahta
Al-Jalama
al-Kafrayn
al-Mansi
Al-Mazar
al-Rihaniyya
al-Sarafand
al-Sindiyana
al-Tira
Arab al-Fuqara
Arab al-Nufay'at
Arab Zahrat al-Dumayri
Atlit
Ayn Ghazal
Balad al-Sheikh
Barrat Qisarya
Burayka
Qisarya
Daliyat al-Rawha'
Ayn Hawd
Hawsha
Ijzim
Jaba'
Kabara
Kafr Lam
Khirbat Al-Burj
Khirbat Al-Dumun
Khirbat Al-Kasayir
Khirbat Al-Manara
Khirbat Al-Mansura
Khirbat al-Sarkas
Khirbat al-Sawamir
Khirbat al-Shuna
Khirbat Lid
Khirbat Qumbaza
Khirbat Sa'sa'
Khubbayza
Naghnaghiya
Qannir
Qira
Sabbarin
Tantura
Tiberias
Umm ash Shauf
Umm az-Zinat
Wa'arat al-Sarris
Wadi Ara
Yajur
Hebron Subdistrict
'Ajjur
al-Dawayima - massacre
al-Qubayba
az-Zakariyya
Barqusya
Bayt Jibrin
Bayt Nattif
Dayr Nakhkhas
Deir al-Dubban
Khirbat Umm Burj
Kudna
Mughallis
Ra'na
Tell es-Safi
Zayta
Zikrin
Jaffa Subdistrict
Abu Kishk
al-'Abbasiyya
al-Haram
al-Jammasin al-Gharbi
al-Jammasin al-Sharqi
al-Khayriyya
al-Mas'udiyya
al-Mirr
al-Muwaylih
al-Safiriyya
al-Sawalima
al-Shaykh Muwannis
Bayt Dajan
Biyar 'Adas
Fajja
Ijlil al-Qibliyya
Ijlil al-Shamaliyya
Jarisha
Kafr 'Ana
Rantiya
Salama
Saqiya
Yazur
Jenin Subdistrict
Al-Mazar
Ayn al-Mansi
Khirbat al-Jawfa
Lajjun
Nuris
Zir'in
Jerusalem Subdistrict
al-Burayj
al-Jura
al-Qabu
al-Walaja
Allar
al-Qastal
Aqqur
Artuf
Ayn Karim
Bayt 'Itab
Bayt Mahsir
Bayt Naqquba
Bayt Thul
Bayt Umm al-Mays
Dayr 'Amr
Dayr Aban
Dayr al-Hawa
Dayr al-Shaykh
Dayr Rafat
Deir Yassin
Ishwa
Islin
Jarash
Kasla
Khirbat al-'Umur
Khirbat Al-Lawz
Khirbat al-Tannur
Khirbat Ism Allah
Lifta
al-Maliha
Nitaf
Qalunya
Ras Abu 'Ammar
Romema
Sar'a
Saris
Sataf
Sheikh Badr
Suba
Sufla
Nazareth Subdistrict
al-Mujaydil
Indur
Ma'alul
Saffuriyya
Ramle Subdistrict
Abu al-Fadl
Abu Shusha
Ajanjul
al-Barriyya
al-Burj
al-Haditha
al-Khayma
al-Kunayyisa
al-Maghar
al-Mansura
al-Mukhayzin
al-Muzayri'a
al-Na'ani
al-Qubab
al-Qubayba
al-Tina
al-Tira
Aqir
Barfiliya
Bashshit
Bayt Jiz
Bayt Nabala
Bayt Shanna
Bayt Susin
Bir Ma'in
Bir Salim
Daniyal
Dayr Abu Salama
Dayr Ayyub
Dayr Muhaysin
Dayr Tarif
Idnibba
Innaba
Jilya
Jimzu
Kharruba
Khirbat al-Buwayra
Khirbat al-Duhayriyya
Khirbat Bayt Far
Khirbat Zakariyya
Khulda
Latrun
Majdal Yaba
Nabi Rubin
Qatra
Qazaza
Qula
Sajad
Salbit
Sarafand al-Amar
Sarafand al-Kharab
Saydun
Shahma
Shilta
Umm Kalkha
Wadi Hunayn
Yibna
Zarnuqa
Safad Subdistrict
'Akbara
Abil al-Qamh
al-'Abisiyya
al-'Ulmaniyya
al-'Urayfiyya
al-Butayha
al-Buwayziyya
al-Dawwara
al-Dirbashiyya
al-Dirdara
al-Hamra'
al-Husayniyya
al-Ja'una
al-Khalisa
al-Khisas
Al-Malkiyya
al-Manshiyya
al-Mansura
al-Muftakhira
al-Na'ima
al-Nabi Yusha'
al-Qudayriyya
al-Ras al-Ahmar
al-Salihiyya
al-Sammu'i
al-Sanbariyya
al-Shawka al-Tahta
al-Shuna
al-Wayziyya
al-Zahiriyya al-Tahta
al-Zanghariyya
al-Zuq al-Fawqani
al-Zuq al-Tahtani
Alma
Ammuqa
Arab al-Shamalina
Arab al-Zubayd
Baysamun
Biriyya
Dallata
Dayshum
Ein al-Zeitun
Fara
Farradiyya
Fir'im
Ghabbatiyya
Ghuraba
Harrawi
Hunin
Jahula
Jubb Yusuf
Kafr Bir'im
Khan al-Duwayr
Khirbat al-Muntar
Khirbat Karraza
Khiyam al-Walid
Kirad al-Baqqara
Kirad al-Ghannama
Lazzaza
Madahil
Mallaha
Mansurat al-Khayt
Marus
Meiron
Mughr al-Khayt
Qabba'a
Qadas
Qaddita
Qaytiyya
Sa'sa'
Sabalan
Safad
Safsaf - massacre
Saliha - massacre
Taytaba
Tulayl
Yarda
al-Zawiya
Tiberias Subdistrict
Al-'Ubaydiyya
al-Dalhamiyya
al-Hamma
al-Majdal
al-Manara
al-Manshiyya
al-Mansura
al-Nuqayb
al-Samakiyya
al-Samra
al-Shajara
Awlam
Ghuwayr Abu Shusha
Hadatha
Hittin
Kafr Sabt
Khirbat al-Wa'ra al-Sawda'
Lubya
Ma'dhar
Nasir ad-Din
Nimrin
Samakh
Tabgha
Yaquq
Tulkarm Subdistrict
al-Jalama
al-Manshiyya
Bayyarat Hannun
Fardisya
Ghabat Kafr Sur
Kafr Saba
Khirbat al-Majdal
Khirbat al-Zababida
Khirbat Bayt Lid
Khirbat Zalafa
Miska
Qaqun
Raml Zayta
Tabsur
Umm Khalid
Wadi al-Hawarith
Wadi Qabbani
See also
Causes of the 1948 Palestinian exodus
Transfer Committee
Plan Dalet
Palestine refugee camps
1948 Palestinian exodus from Lydda and Ramle
List of villages depopulated during the Arab–Israeli conflict
Jewish exodus from Arab and Muslim countries
Syrian towns and villages depopulated in the Arab–Israeli conflict
Killings and massacres during the 1948 Palestine war
List of battles and operations in the 1948 Palestine war
Notes
References
Ghazi Falah (1996) The 1948 Israeli-Palestinian War and its Aftermath: The Transformation and De-Signification of Palestine's Cultural Landscape, Annals of the Association of American Geographers, 86:2, 256–285, DOI: 10.1111/j.1467-8306.1996.tb01753.x
See in particular pp. xiv–xviii, where Morris lists 389 Palestinian villages depopulated by massacres, expulsions, military assault, or flight.
Morris, Benny. 1948: The First Arab–Israeli War. Yale University Press, 2008.
Shavit, Ari. Deir Yasian: Survival of the Fittest, interview with Benny Morris, Haaretz, January 9, 2004.
Davis, Rochelle A. (2011). Palestinian Village Histories: Geographies of the Displaced. Stanford University Press, Stanford, California. .
External links
Palestine Remembered
Deir Yassin Remembered
iNakba is a mobile app enabling users to locate, learn and contribute information about Palestinian localities destroyed in 1948
Former populated places in the State of Palestine
Israeli–Palestinian conflict-related lists
Palestinian diaspora
Lists of populated places
Military operations of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict
1949 in Israel
1947 in Mandatory Palestine
1948 in Mandatory Palestine
1948 in All-Palestine (Gaza)
1948 in the West Bank Governorate
1948 Palestinian exodus
Rinay is a malacological museum of natural history in Baku, Azerbaijan. It is also the first private museum in the country.
The museum exhibits approximately 5,000 clamshells (the shells of bivalve molluscs) from 86 genera worldwide. The museum also displays hundreds of fossil clamshells. Some of these were obtained by exchange from the Austrian, Canadian, Argentine, Spanish, German, Ukrainian, Russian, Turkish and Indonesian paleontological university museums.
The basis for the museum collection was laid down in the early 1930s by Sadykh Karayev, an Honored Engineer and Honored Inventor of the USSR. Karayev's clamshell collection was preserved by their wife Prof. Jeyran Ibadova, and was transferred from Rinay to the History Museum of Azerbaijan in June 2007. Sadykh Karayev's son Tofik Karayev continued the effort to improve their father's collection. T. Karayev previously worked at the Geological Institute of the Academy of Sciences of Azerbaijan SSR. They systematized the collection and conducted a taxonomic revision of modern molluscs. In 1989, the museum received official status.
References
External links
Overview (Azerbaijan National Committee of International Council of Museums)
1989 establishments in Azerbaijan
Museums established in 1989
Museums in Baku
Science museums in Azerbaijan
Shell museums
Fossil museums
Former private collections
Clams
Operation Zahnarzt (literally "Dentist") was a plan by the Germans to eliminate the Third Army during World War II. By 21 December 1944, the German momentum during the Battle of the Bulge had begun to dissipate. The plan of Operation Zahnarzt was to immediately come after Operation Nordwind. The plan was to initiate a pincer movement to encircle and destroy the 3rd US Army.
The German offensive began in the immediate aftermath of Operation Nordwind. The intention of the operation was to trap and destroy Lieutenant General George S. Patton's US 3rd Army. Preliminary and small-scale attacks began shortly before and during Operation Nordwind which began on January 1, 1945. In the days that followed, the Germans saw their small advances continually eroded by repeated counterstrikes from Major General Robert L. Spragin's US 44th Infantry Division, Major General Withers A. Burress's US 100th Infantry Division, and Major General Lewis E. Hibbs's US 63rd Infantry Division. They were supported by the French 2nd Armored Division. Allied artillery and air attacks (when the weather broke), together with the harshness of the weather, also diminished the momentum of the Germans by cutting off their already-thin supply lines. Thus, the Germans were forced to call off the operation on January 4. Zahnarzt was one of the last planned major offensives by the Germans during the war.. The First and Second SS Panzer Korps were involved in the operation and lost approximately 30 percent of their strength because of American artillery and constant air raids. General Manstein was recalled by Hitler to command the operation, but it still failed.
References
Battle of the Bulge
LIXI is an Australian, member-based not-for-profit company that develops data message transaction standards for the Australian mortgage processing industry, and promotes improvements in efficiency in mortgage processing. Owned by the members of the initiative, LIXI represents participants in the residential mortgage lending industry. Founded in 2001, LIXI has developed and released standards for such transactions as mortgage applications, property valuations, broker commissions and several others.
With the purpose being the exchange of transaction data in the lending chain, the initial LIXI efforts focused on the creation and promulgation of data standards based on XML. This effort had the intended result, with the organisation winning an Innovation Award from MIS magazine in 2005. LIXI also collaborates with the Australian research institution NICTA. This effort is in two primary areas, one is the creation of reference implementations of the data standards and the second is in the area of mapping data standards on to business processes.
Members
Members of LIXI include all the major and mid-tier banks in Australia, as well as the mortgage insurers, valuation panel managers and large valuations firms, the major software providers to the lending industry, and a number of legal, conveyancing and outsource service providers:
References
Bibliography
External links
LIXI Homepage
Innovation Award Winner - MIS magazine - Best Business Enabler 2005
Standards organisations in Australia
Banking technology
Banking in Australia
Companies based in Sydney
Mortgage industry of Australia
The 1971–72 Drexel Dragons men's basketball team represented Drexel University during the 1971–72 men's basketball season. The Dragons, led by 1st year head coach Ray Haesler, played their home games at the 32nd Street Armory and were members of the University–Eastern division of the Middle Atlantic Conferences (MAC).
The team finished the season 11–14, and finished in 4th place in the MAC University–Eastern Division in the regular season.
On January 5, 1972, Steve Lilly set the Drexel team record for most rebounds in a single game, recording 30 rebounds against Muhlenberg. They also set Drexel records at the time for rebounds in a season (327) and career (749).
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#F8B800; color:#002663;"| Regular season
|-
References
Drexel Dragons men's basketball seasons
Drexel
1971 in sports in Pennsylvania
1972 in sports in Pennsylvania
Frederic R. DeYoung (September 12, 1875 – November 16, 1934) was an American jurist and politician who served as a judge on the Supreme Court of Illinois (1924–1934), judge on the Superior Court of Cook County (1923–1924), judge on the original Circuit Court of Cook County (1921), member of the Illinois House of Representatives (1915–1919), and the city attorney of Harvey, Illinois (1908–1919), among other public offices. DeYoung ran as a Republican for most of their political career. However, in their last campaign (his 1933 reelection to the Supreme Court of Illinois), they ran instead as a Democrat.
While serving on the Supreme Court of Illinois, DeYoung authored more than 440 opinions. Among the more notable opinions which DeYoung authored was the opinion they authored for the City of Aurora v. Burns case which supported the constitutionally of zoning. This opinion was quoted at length in the opinion for the landmark United States Supreme Court decision Village of Euclid v. Ambler Realty Co., which upheld the national constitutionally of land use zoning.
Early life and education
DeYoung was born September 12, 1874 in Chicago, Illinois to parents that had both immigrated as children to the United States from The Netherlands. At the time of their birth, their family resided in one of the most ethnically diverse neighborhoods in the city. However, when they were five years of age, DeYoung's family moved to the village of Roseland, Illinois, which was ethnically Dutch at the time. Several years later, their family moved to South Holland, Illinois, which was a main center of Chicago area's Dutch population.
DeYoung was educated until leaving school at the age of twelve when their family returned to the West Side of Chicago in 1887. They never completed primary school or secondary school. In Chicago, they worked for a local jeweler. In 1890, when they were fifteen, be begun working as a timekeeper at a Pullman Company factory near where they lived. They left this job to enroll at Bryant & Stratton Business College, but stopped attending after health issues prevented them from doing so. After this, DeYoung was sent to Europe by their father. Upon returning, they enrolled at Northern Indiana Normal School (which is today known as Valparaiso University), and graduated in 1895. After this, they enrolled at Northwestern University Law School, and received a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1897 at the age of twenty-two.
In 1901, DeYoung met Miriam Cornell, who they had met while attending Northern Indiana Normal College. Together, they settled in Harvey, Illinois, where they would live for nearly twenty-five years, until their election to the Supreme Court of Illinois.
Early legal and political career
As both a law student and in their early law career, they worked for the law office of I. T. Greenacre. In private practice, they were associated with numerous prominent lawyers, including then-former Illinois state representative Louis J. Pierson (who would later return to the state house in 1915, incidentally being elected to represent the 7th district alongside DeYoung). Through their connections, they became involved in Republican Party politics.
Harvey City Attorney
In 1907, DeYoung was elected Harvey City Attorney. They were twice reelected, and served until 1919.
Illinois House of Representatives
In 1914, DeYoung was elected to the Illinois House of Representatives from the seventh district, representing south suburban Chicagoland. In 1916, they were elected to a second two-year term. In their second term, they served as chairperson of the judiciary committee.
1918 Cook County Probate Court campaign
Instead of seeking reelection to the state house, they opted to run for a judgeship on the Cook County Probate Court. However, they were defeated by incumbent Democrat Henry Horner. Horner won 176,839 votes, a plurality of 48,259 over DeYoung's 122,081 votes. In the city of Chicago, DeYoung won 143,362 votes to Horner's 191,621 (a result of 59.16% to 40.84%). However, DeYoung led the vote in suburban Cook County, winning 21,281 over Horner's 14,782 votes there.
After losing their 1918 campaign, they would serve as the first assistant attorney for the Sanitary District of Chicago. In November 1919, they were elected to serve as one of two delegates to the 1920 Illinois Constitutional Convention from the seventh legislative district of Illinois.
Circuit Court of Cook County
In 1921, Governor Frank Lowden appointed them to fill a vacancy on the Circuit Court of Cook County. In June, DeYoung was an unsuccessful candidate for election to a full term on the Circuit Court of Cook County.
On December 23, 1921, DeYoung won a special contingent election that would have seen them hold a judgeship from the Supreme Court of Illinois' seventh district for a term expiring in 1933 had the proposed new Illinois constitution been ratified by voters at that election. Since the new constitution failed to win enough votes to be ratified, the election result was ultimately inconsequential.
Superior Court of Cook County
In 1923, DeYoung was elected to a judgeship on the Superior Court of Cook County.
Supreme Court of Illinois
In June 1924, DeYoung was elected a Republican to the Supreme Court of Illinois. They were reelected as a Democrat in 1933 to serve a second term, but died in office before finishing that term.
Notable opinions
During their ten years on the court, they authored more than 440 opinions.
The 1933 People v. Bruner was consequential in overturning a law that had been in effect since 1827 allowing juries in criminal cases to determine both law and facts. In their majority opinion, DeYoung held that it was unconstitutional by infringing on the right of judges to interoperate the law. They argued that the juries role was merely to determine matters of guilt or innocence. The Chicago Tribune hailed the decision as being, "the biggest step forward in criminal procedure in the last fifty years".
In People v. Fisher, DeYoung's majority decision ruled that, in a felony trail where the plea is not guilty, the defendant can waive a jury trial and have their cause heard and determined by the judge.
In City of Aurora v. Burns, DeYoung's wrote the first opinion that supported the constitutionally of zoning. It would be quoted in length in the landmark United States Supreme Court decision Village of Euclid v. Ambler Realty Co., which upheld the national constitutionally of land use zoning.
Other work
DeYoung served on the Harvey Public Library Board and the Thornton Township High School Board. DeYoung was also president of the First National Bank of Harvey.
Personal life
After their 1901 wedding, DeYoung and their wife Mirriam settled in Harvey, Illinois. Together they had a son named Herbert (who would grow up to become a lawyer) and a daughter named Ruth (who would grow up to take the name Ruth DeYoung Kohler after marrying Herbert Kohler Sr., and would become a notable journalist and women's rights activist).
Death
DeYoung died on November 16, 1934 in Chicago, Illinois as a result of a stroke. Serving as honorary pallbearers at their funeral were their fellow Illinois Supreme Court justices and former governors Edward Fitzsimmons Dunne, Charles S. Deneen, and Frank Lowden. DeYoung was burried at Oak Lawn Cemetery.
Electoral history
Harvey City Attorney
Illinois House of Representatives
Probate Court of Cook County
Delegate to the 1920 Illinois Constitutional Convention
Cook County Circuit Court
Superior Court of Cook County
Supreme Court of Illinois
Note: Election was of no effect due to failure of proposed new Illinois Constitution to be ratified by voters
References
1875 births
1934 deaths
Politicians from Chicago
People from Harvey, Illinois
Businesspeople from Illinois
University of Chicago alumni
Valparaiso University alumni
Northwestern University Pritzker School of Law alumni
School board members in Illinois
Illinois state court judges
Justices of the Illinois Supreme Court
Illinois Republicans
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
Judges of the Superior Court of Cook County
Chief Justices of the Illinois Supreme Court
Judges of the Circuit Court of Cook County
City and town attorneys in the United States
People from South Holland, Illinois
Illinois Democrats
The Devil's Rock is a 2011 New Zealand horror film produced by Leanne Saunders, directed by Paul Campion, written by Campion, Paul Finch, and Brett Ihaka, and starring Craig Hall, Matthew Sunderland, Gina Varela, and Karlos Drinkwater. It is set in the Channel Islands on the eve of D-Day and tells the story of two New Zealand commandos who discover a Nazi occult plot to unleash a demon to win World War II. The film combines elements of war films and supernatural horror films. The film was theatrically released on 8 July 2011 in the United Kingdom and 22 September 2011 in New Zealand.
Plot
On 5 June 1944, a unit of New Zealand commandos are sent to the Channel Islands on sabotage and distraction raids, to draw the German military's attention away from Operation Overlord, planned landings in Normandy. That night, two New Zealand soldiers, Captain Ben Grogan and Sergeant Joe Tane, paddle in their Klepper canoe to Forau Island, landing on a beach covered in anti-personnel mines and tank traps. When they leave the beach and head inland, they hear distant screaming and gunfire. They approach a German fortification and hear what they think is a man being tortured. They climb down into a large gun pit and place explosives on a large artillery gun but are disturbed when a German soldier runs out of a tunnel pleading for help. Grogan stabs the soldier in the back of the neck and kills him. Grogan investigates a woman's screaming inside the bunker while Tane remains outside. When Tane hears a gunshot, they investigate. While looking for Grogan, they discover a book of black magic and, distracted by its contents, is killed by an unseen assailant. Grogan, unharmed, later discovers Tane's body but is immediately knocked unconscious.
Grogan wakes and is briefly tortured by a Nazi, Colonel Meyer, who wants to know their mission. During the interrogation, Grogan hears a woman screaming from another room. They eventually escape and chases Meyer into the tunnels, shooting and injuring him. Upon tracking the woman's screams to a room covered in occult symbols, Grogan discovers that the woman is their dead wife, Helena. Meyer enters the room and shoots Grogan in the leg, then shoots Helena in the head, apparently killing them Grogan attacks Meyer, who explains the woman is a demon, summoned from a book of black magic found on the island. Meyer proves this by offering them the leg of a dead German to eat; they change into their true demon form as they eat the leg.
After Grogan removes a bullet from their abdomen, Meyer passes out. Grogan searches them and discovers a page torn from the book of black magic in a small pouch worn as a necklace. Grogan keeps the page after replacing it with another from the book. Soon after, Meyer recovers and explains the demon is a shapeshifter and a weapon the Germans plan to use against the Allies. They say that the demon is confined to the island because it cannot cross moving water. However, Meyer now realizes the demon poses too great a threat to the world. Meyer offers to give the book to Grogan if they will help them escape from Germany. Meyer persuades Grogan to help them perform a ritual to dispel the demon back to Hell. Meyer, believing they are protected by the incantation sheet from the book, betrays Grogan at the end of the ritual.
As Meyer reveals their true intent to use the demon for the Nazis, Grogan overpowers Meyer and throws them to the demon, who brutally kills him. When they try to convince Grogan to take them with them as Helena, they tell them that they could never replace the real Helena, and they chain them up again. Unable to complete the ritual alone, Grogan takes the book and leaves the demon behind, to prey on any Germans that come to investigate. They explain to the demon that they intend to come back when the war is over to finish the ritual and to banish them forever. They leave the key to the chain within reach as they leave the demon in the bunker. They step onto the beach, buries a photo of Helena they kept with him, and watches as D-Day begins. In the post credits scene, a German soldier can be seen entering the tower, and witnessing dismembered body parts as well as the chain the demon was chained to unlocked. Behind them is the demon, having taken the form of a presumed deceased loved one of the soldier. The demon starts interacting with them as its voice slowly begins to change to its demonic one.
Cast
Production
The film was produced by New Zealand producer Leanne Saunders and co-funded by the New Zealand Film Commission. Although set in Europe, the film was shot over 15 days in August 2010 in Wellington, New Zealand, on sets built at Island Bay Studio, on location at Breaker Bay, and at Wrights Hill Fortress, a semi-restored World War II hilltop fortification. Special makeup effects for the film were created by Weta Workshop.
Historical references
The film contains references to real historical events, and Campion has stated that they based the story on the German occupation of the Channel Islands. Guernsey's history of witchcraft and the occult includes the existence of the "Bad Books" (books of black magic), and copies can be found in two libraries in the Channel Islands. When Grogan and Tane hear screaming from within the fortification, Grogan thinks it is other allied commandos who are being tortured, stating, "You know what they did to Blondie's men in Bordeaux", a reference to the torture of captured Royal Marines during Operation Frankton under the command of Major Herbert 'Blondie' Hasler. As Meyer ties Grogan's thumbs with a piece of wire to torture him, Meyer talks about the Allied "gangster commandos, who raided these very islands and killed innocent German prisoners with their hands tied behind their backs", which is a reference to Operation Basalt, a British Commando raid on Sark during which a German prisoner was shot dead whilst their hands were tied, which in turn led to Adolf Hitler issuing their Commando Order, upon which the torture scene in the film is based. When Meyer is attempting to interrogate Grogan, they taunt Grogan's New Zealand background: "New Zealanders, a bunch of farmers driving around the deserts of North Africa, attacking by night and fleeing to hide like cowards", which is a reference to the New Zealand section of the Long Range Desert Group. Meyer also taunts Grogan by insulting the Maoris of New Zealand, which they describe as "the descendents of cannibals and headhunters", which is a reference to a 1940s German radio propaganda broadcast.
Release
Metrodome bought the UK rights in 2010 while the film was still in post production. The film was released in theatres and video-on-demand services on 8 July 2011 and on DVD on 11 July 2011. The film was released in 21 cinemas New Zealand on 22 September 2011 and was released on DVD and Blu-ray in December 2011. Entertainment One bought the North American rights at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
Film festival screenings
Fantasia International Film Festival – Montreal, Canada, August 2011
Icon TLV Film Festival – Tel-Aviv, Israel, September 2011
Ramskrik Film Festival – Norway, October 2011
San Sebastian Horror & Fantasy Film Festival – San Sebastian, Spain, October 2011
Yubari International Fantastic Film Festival – Yubari, Japan, February 2012
A Night of Horror International Film Festival – Sydney, Australia, March 2012
Zinema Zombie Fest – Bogotá, Colombia, November 2012
BFX Festival 2015 - Bournemouth UK, October 2015
Critical response
Film review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports an approval rating of 56% based on and a rating average of 4.8/10. Tony Lee wrote in Black Static, "Although it's a Kiwi production, The Devil's Rock feels like a more worthy successor to the Hammer Film Productions studios ethos than actual new Hammer-label product such as The Resident."
Awards
The film was nominated for Best Visual Effects and Best Costume Design, and won for Best Makeup Design at the 2012 Sorta Unofficial New Zealand Film Awards.
References
External links
The Devil's Rock at Paul Campion's website
Festung Guernsey – German Fortifications of Guernsey
Sorta Film Awards – Sorta Unofficial New Zealand Film Awards
2011 films
2011 horror films
New Zealand horror films
Wellington
Demons in film
Horror war films
Supernatural war films
World War II films
New Zealand independent films
2010s supernatural horror films
Films about witchcraft
War adventure films
Films set in 1944
Films set in the Channel Islands
2010s monster movies
Operation Overlord films
2010s English-language films
Mavikent, Kumluca is a village in the District of Kumluca. Many turtles in the area that lay their eggs on the beaches there.
Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
Michelbach is a river of Hesse, Germany. It is a left tributary of the Nidda near Schotten.
See also
List of rivers of Hesse
Rivers of Hesse
Rivers of Germany
Mordva (masculine) or mordovka (feminine) are collective terms for a Erzya or Moksha man or woman, respectively, equal to zhyd and zhydovka in several Slavic languages. In some of those languages, they are considered pejorative.
The term zhyd and mordva equivalence
The Russian terms mordva(mordovka) and zhyd(zhydovka) equality and usage are is attested in Heikki Paasonen's Mordwinisches Wörterbuch: Humiliating models in children's folklore examples:
Russian
In modern Russian (), it has been an anti-Semitic slur, similar to the word zhyd, since the mid-19th century. During establishing "Erzya and Moksha Autonomous District" it was renamed to Mordvin District because Joseph Stalin who attended the meeting didn't like the name. The term Mordva became legal for both Erzya and Moksha on July 16, 1928 and never been changed.
Belarusian language
Under the influence of Russian, the terms have also become pejorative in modern Belarusian (, mordovka / mordva).
Erzya and Moksha languages
The term never existed in Erzya language or Moksha languages and has been being translated from Russian as and respectively or being replaced. On the First Erzya and Moksha Peoples' Congress in 1989 the first point of the Congress Declaration was renaming Mordovia to Moksha and Erzya Autonomous Republic and banning the term Mordva.
Is Mordva a slur?
Ethnic Erzya Professor Nikolay Mokshin commented on the term in 1990:
The negative connotation of the term with mentioned by Prof. Mokshin can be found in Russian prover cited by Vladimir Dal in their Explanatory Dictionary of the Living Great Russian Language . Since the term origin is now obscure and few people are aware of its anti-Semitic background it is still used together with archaic epithet (old meaning "of another faith"): as it was applied historically to both historical Mordvins and Khazars.
Other languages
The other language speakers are hardly aware of the term origin but those who visit Mordovia or any other Moksha or Erzya populated regions in Russia soon learn that the term is pejorative and stop using it.
See also
Zhyd
Chukhna
Fennophobia
Notes
References
Volga Finns
Moksha language
Erzya language
Antisemitic slurs
Slavic words and phrases
The Archdiocese of Kansas City in Kansas () is a Latin Church ecclesiastical province or archdiocese of the Catholic Church in the United States of America.
The archbishop's episcopal seat is located at the Cathedral Church of Saint Peter in Kansas City, Kansas. The Archdiocese of Kansas City in Kansas is a metropolitan see. Its metropolitan archbishop oversees an ecclesiastical province with three suffragan dioceses: the Dioceses of Dodge City, Salina, and Wichita.
Territory
The Archdiocese comprises the following twenty-one counties of the U.S. state of Kansas:
Anderson
Atchison
Brown
Coffey
Doniphan
Douglas
Franklin
Jackson
Jefferson
Johnson
Leavenworth
Linn
Lyon
Marshall
Miami
Nemaha
Osage
Pottawatomie
Shawnee
Wabaunsee
Wyandotte
History
The archdiocese was originally established as the Vicariate Apostolic of Indian Territory East of the Rocky Mountains on July 19, 1850 by Pope Pius IX. It was composed of the present day states of Kansas, Nebraska, North and South Dakota, Colorado, Wyoming, and Montana. It lost territory and its name was changed to the Vicariate Apostolic of Kansas in 1857. The vicariate was elevated to the Diocese of Leavenworth by Pope Leo XIII on May 22, 1877. It lost territory in 1887 when the dioceses of Concordia and Wichita were created, and in 1897 when several counties were moved to Concordia. The name of the diocese was changed to the Diocese of Kansas City in Kansas on May 10, 1947 by Pope Pius XII. All of these jurisdictions were in the Ecclesiastical Province of Saint Louis.
The Diocese of Kansas City in Kansas was elevated to an archdiocese by Pius XII on August 9, 1952. The province encompasses the entire state of Kansas and has three suffragan sees, the dioceses of Dodge City, Salina (formerly Concordia) and Wichita.
Reports of sex abuse
In February 2019, it was announced that the Kansas Bureau of Investigation (KBI) had been investigating sex abuse allegations against the Archdiocese of Kansas City in Kansas and its suffragan Dioceses in the state of Kansas since November 2018. On August 14, 2020, Melissa Underwood, spokesperson for the KBI, stated in an email “As of Aug. 7, we have had 205 reports of abuse and have opened 120 cases.”
Bishops
Apostolic Vicar of Indian Territory East of the Rocky Mountains
John Baptiste Miège, S.J. (1850–1857), title changed with title of apostolic vicariate
Apostolic Vicars of Kansas
John Baptiste Miège, S.J. (1857–1874)
Louis Mary Fink, O.S.B. (1874–1877), title changed with elevation to diocese
Bishops of Leavenworth
Louis Mary Fink, O.S.B. (1877–1904)
Thomas Francis Lillis (1904–1910), appointed Coadjutor Bishop of Kansas City in Missouri and subsequently succeeded to that see
John Chamberlain Ward (1910–1929)
Francis Johannes (1929–1937)
Paul Clarence Schulte (1937–1946), appointed Archbishop of Indianapolis
George Joseph Donnelly (1946–1947), title changed with title of diocese
Bishops of Kansas City in Kansas
George Joseph Donnelly (1947–1950)
Edward Joseph Hunkeler (1951–1952), elevated to Archbishop
Archbishops of Kansas City in Kansas
Edward Joseph Hunkeler (1952–1969)
Ignatius Jerome Strecker (1969–1993)
James Patrick Keleher (1993–2005)
Joseph Fred Naumann (2005–present)
Other priests of this diocese who became bishops
James O'Reilly, appointed Bishop of Leavenworth in 1887 (because of their death, did not take effect)
John Francis Cunningham, appointed Bishop of Concordia in 1898
High schools
Bishop Miege High School, Roeland Park
Bishop Ward High School, Kansas City
Hayden High School, Topeka
Immaculata High School, Leavenworth - Closed 2017
Maur Hill – Mount Academy*, Atchison (until 2003, separate schools for boys (Maur Hill) and girls (Mount Academy))
St. James Academy, Lenexa
St. Thomas Aquinas High School, Overland Park
* Primary sponsorship comes from Saint Benedict's Abbey and Mount St. Scholastica Monastery.
See also
Catholic Church by country
Catholic Church hierarchy
List of the Catholic dioceses of the United States
References
External links
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kansas City in Kansas Official Site
Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Kansas City
Culture of Kansas City, Kansas
Kansas City in Kansas
Kansas City in Kansas
Kansas City in Kansas
1877 establishments in Kansas
Margaret Conlon (born 17 September 1967) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician who served as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cavan–Monaghan constituency from 2007 to 2011.
They were elected at the 2007 general election. They live in Lough Egish in County Monaghan, with their husband Séamus, two sons and one daughter.  They are Principal of St Louis Secondary School in Monaghan town. They were a founding member of the Fianna Fáil cumann at NUI Maynooth and was a member of the party's National Executive from 1986 to 1988. They lost their seat at the 2011 general election.
References
1967 births
Living people
Alumni of Maynooth University
Fianna Fáil TDs
Irish schoolteachers
Members of the 30th Dáil
Politicians from County Monaghan
21st-century women Teachtaí Dála
Antônio Rogério Silva Oliveira (born 21 November 1981, in Itatira), known as Índio, is a retired Brazilian footballer.
They played domestically for Uniclinic AC, Guarany de Sobral, Ferroviário AC, EC Ipitanga, EC Vitória, América RN, Madureira and Tiradentes-CE, and spent time on loan at South Korean clubs Gyeongnam FC and Chunnam Dragons, before joining Portuguese club Beira-Mar in 2014.
Club honours
Club
Gyeongnam FC
Korean FA Cup Runner-up: 2008
External links
1981 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Ceará
Association football midfielders
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Ferroviário Atlético Clube (CE) players
Ipatinga Futebol Clube players
Esporte Clube Vitória players
Gyeongnam FC players
Jeonnam Dragons players
América Futebol Clube (RN) players
Madureira Esporte Clube players
Associação Cultural e Desportiva Potiguar players
Esporte Clube Primeiro Passo Vitória da Conquista players
Esporte Clube Ypiranga players
Esporte Clube Jacuipense players
S.C. Beira-Mar players
K League 1 players
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in South Korea
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in South Korea
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Peter Wilkinson may refer to:
Peter Wilkinson (diplomat) (1914–2000), British intelligence officer and diplomat
Peter Wilkinson (politician) (1934–1987), New Zealand politician
Peter Wilkinson (priest) (born 1940), Canadian priest
Peter Wilkinson (Royal Navy officer) (born 1956), British admiral
Peter Wilkinson (bass guitarist) (born 1969), British musician
Peter Wilkinson (drummer), British-Australian rock drummer
Pete Wilkinson, English racing driver
Çamlıca is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Gawartowa Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Leszno, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 270.
References
Gawartowa Wola
Cassidy may refer to:
Personal names
Cassidy (given name)
Cassidy (surname)
People
Cassidy (musician) (born 1979), lead singer of Antigone Rising
Cassidy (rapper) (born 1982), American rapper
DJ Cassidy (born 1981), New York DJ
Fictional
Cole Cassidy, a fictional character in the Blizzard Entertainment's 2016 video game Overwatch
Cassidy (DC Comics), a vampire from the graphic novel Preacher
Cassidy, role played by actor Sam Slovick in the television show Fame
Charles Parnell Cassidy, a fictional premier of New South Wales in the novel and TV film Cassidy
Companies
Casady & Greene, software company (1984–2003) that produced software for the Macintosh
Other
Cassidy, British Columbia, a settlement and airport in Canada
Maggie Cassidy, a 1959 novel by Jack Kerouac
Cassidy's Ltd., a defunct Canadian company
"Cassidy" (song), a 1972 song by the Grateful Dead
See also
Cassady (disambiguation)
Empordà is a Spanish Denominación de Origen Protegida (DOP) (Denominació d'Origen Protegida in Catalan) for wines produced in the northeastern corner of Catalonia, Spain in the province of Girona.
The region generally extends from the town of Figueres northwards to the French border and the French wine-making regions of Banyuls and Côtes du Roussillon. To the south, it extends through Baix Empordà near the Mediterranean Sea. The DOP is crossed by the rivers Muga, Llobregat and Manol which flow eastwards to the sea.
History
Archaeologists have suggested that vines were first introduced to this region by the Phoenicians in the 5th century BC. The ancient Romans and the Benedictine monks later also contributed. The first written documentation dates from 1130 and was a treatise on wine written by Father Pere de Novas in the Monastery of Sant Pere de Rodes.
As in Penedès, this area used to produce strong sweet wines which were very popular until the 1930s. The region acquired its DO status in 1972.
Throughout the mid 20th century, the wineries were mostly cooperatives focused on cheap, bulk wine production. In the late 1990s and in to the first decade of the 21st century, the focus shifted a great deal towards smaller, craft wineries, which in turn worked to improve the wine quality of the region overall. Until 2006, it was initially known as DO Empordà-Costa Brava to associate the large tourist beach area with the region.
Geography
The DOP is divided into two subzones: the northern Alt Empordà subzone on the slopes of the Alberes Rodes mountains near the French border, and the southern Baix Empordà subzone on the slopes of the Montgrí and Gabarres Massifs.
Soils
The soils are generally dark, with a certain lime content, loose, good drainage and poor in organic matter. There is some granite content near the coast as well as up in the mountainous regions near the French border.
Climate
The climate is Mediterranean, with influences from the moisture bearing winds from the south and cold winds from the north, especially the Tramontana, which can sometimes attain speeds of 120 km/h. The wind is quite crucial to the winemaking process as it greatly reduces the occurrence of mildew as well as pests, thus making organic farming an easier endeavor.
The average annual temperature is 16 °C (max 29 °C, min 1.5 °C) and there is abundant rainfall over the course of the year, between 600 and 700 mm/yr, falling mainly in winter and spring.
Wines
While historically Empordà was known for producing rosé wines, the majority of their production is red at 60%, white at 19%, and rosé at 17%. The remaining 4% is released as traditional wines including dessert versions of Grenache and Moscatell. A bit more than half of the wines sold in the region are bottled and the remainder are sold as bulk wines. There is a significant amount of Cava produced under the DOP Cava in the approved villages.
Authorised Grape Varieties
The grape varieties are:
Red, recommended: Samsó and Garnatxa Negra / Lledoner Negre
Red, authorised: Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Merlot, Monastrell, Ull de llebre, Syrah, and Garnatxa Peluda
White, recommended: Garnatxa Blanca / Lledoner Blanc, Garnatxa Roja (Garnatxa Gris), Macabeu / Viura, and Moscatell d'Alexandria
White, authorised: Chardonnay, Gewurztraminer, Malvasia, Moscatell de Gra Petit, Picapoll Blanc, Sauvignon Blanc, and Xarel·lo
DOP Empordà wine route
Some wineries in the Empordà region are grouped under the umbrella of the DOP Empordà wine route to promote wine tourism in the area. This body is coordinated by the Patronat de Turisme de la Costa Brava with the participation of the Consell Regulador de la Denominació d'Origen Empordà. The DOP Empordà wine route aims to promote wine tourism locally and internationally. The route also brings together other tourist activities from the area linked to the world of wine and grapes. Celler Peralada is an emblematic building and state of the art in leaving a minimum environmental impact during winemaking process in this region.
See also
Catalan wine
Enotourism
References
External links
Catalan wine
Wine regions of Spain
Cuisine of Empordà
The Afghanistan cricket team toured Bangladesh in September and October 2016 to play three One Day Internationals (ODIs) matches. This was Afghanistan's first full series against a Test-playing side other than Zimbabwe and was the first bilateral series between the two sides. It was also Bangladesh's first home bilateral ODI series against an Associate Nation since Ireland toured in 2008. Ahead of the ODI series there was a fifty-over warm-up game between the Bangladesh Cricket Board XI and Afghanistan in Fatullah.
Afghanistan won the warm-up match by 66 runs and Bangladesh won the ODI series 2–1. This was Bangladesh's sixth consecutive series victory in ODIs.
Squads
Taskin Ahmed was added to Bangladesh's squad after their bowling action was cleared by the International Cricket Council (ICC). Mosharraf Hossain was added to the squad for the third ODI after Rubel Hossain was dropped.
Tour match
One-day:Bangladesh Cricket Board XI vs Afghanistan
ODI series
1st ODI
2nd ODI
3rd ODI
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
2016 in Afghan cricket
2016 in Bangladeshi cricket
International cricket competitions in 2016–17
Afghan cricket tours of Bangladesh
Career
The Honourable Robert Brooking was a judge of the Court of Appeal of Victoria from 1995, having been appointed a judge of the Supreme Court of Victoria in 1977. They were also an acting judge of the Supreme Court of the Northern Territory for 6 months in 2000–2001.
Brooking was admitted to practice as a solicitor in 1954 and was appointed a Queen's Counsel in 1969.
Brooking retired in 2002 after serving as a judge for 25 years.
In 2003 they were made an Officer of the Order of Australia "For service to the judiciary, particularly through the Victorian Court of Appeal, to the law in the areas of tenancy, building law and arbitration, and to the community".
Publications
(1954) 6 Res Judicate 3.
(1954) 6 Res Judicate 17.
(1954) 6 Res Judicate 247.
(1954) 6 Res Judicate 395.
(1974) 9(4) Melbourne University Law Review 795.
(2002) 85 Australian Construction Law Newsletter 5.
References
See also
List of Judges of the Supreme Court of Victoria
Judges of the Supreme Court of Victoria
Judges of the Supreme Court of the Northern Territory
20th-century Australian judges
21st-century Australian judges
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Australian Queen's Counsel
Sulfur bromide may refer to:
Sulfur dibromide
Disulfur dibromide
Katherine "Katty" Kay (born 14 November 1964) is a British-Swiss journalist, author and broadcaster. They presented BBC World News America and, with Christian Fraser, hosted Beyond 100 Days on BBC Four, BBC News and BBC World News. They have anchored BBC coverage of two Presidential elections. They also appear weekly on NBC News in Morning Joe.
Kay has written two books. On 2 June 2009, HarperCollins published Womenomics, a book written by Kay and ABC News' Good Morning America senior national correspondent Claire Shipman exploring the redefinition of success for working women based on recent trends of the value of women to the business world. On 15 April 2014, The Confidence Code: The Science and Art of Self-Assurance—What Women Should Know was published, written by Kay and Shipman. Kay is also the co-host of podcast When Katty Met Carlos with OZY Media CEO Carlos Watson. Kay resigned from Ozy Media in September 2021 after a New York Times report raised questions about its business practices.
Kay is a board member at the International Women's Media Foundation.
Early life and education
Kay was born in Wallingford in 1964 and grew up in Blewbury (then in Berkshire, now in Oxfordshire). They spent time in various Middle Eastern countries where their father was posted as a British diplomat. They studied modern languages at St Hilda's College, Oxford and speaks fluent French and Italian. They graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1988.
Career
After graduation, Kay briefly worked for the Bank of England. Deciding a career in economics was not for her, they left to work for an aid agency in Zimbabwe.
A short time later, a friend, Matt Frei, came to them with a tape recorder and persuaded them to become a journalist. Kay joined the BBC in 1990 as Zimbabwe correspondent for the African section of the BBC World Service. They then returned to London to work for BBC World Service radio, before being posted to Tokyo for BBC News television in 1992 and then Washington, D.C., in 1996. Soon afterwards, they joined The Times news bureau, but returned to the BBC as a freelance journalist in 2002, based in the United States.
From June 2004, Kay co-presented the BBC World news bulletins with Mike Embley in London, shown on 230 public broadcast-television stations throughout the US and on BBC America. In October 2007, they became correspondent to presenter Matt Frei of BBC World's one-hour Washington-based news broadcast, BBC World News America. It airs on BBC News, BBC America, and BBC World News. They anchored the show until June 2021.
Kay also makes frequent appearances as a guest panelist on Morning Joe and Meet the Press on NBC, Real Time with Bill Maher on HBO, and in the past also appeared on The Chris Matthews Show, and Larry King Live on CNN. They occasionally substituted for Diane Rehm on The Diane Rehm Show on NPR.
Until 2009, Kay blogged at the website, True/Slant.
In June 2015, Kay commented on the launch of Donald Trump bid to become president, predicting that their candidacy declaration would be the high point of their campaign.
In 2018, Kay made a brief appearance in the National Geographic documentary science-fiction series Mars.
Kay anchored coverage of US Presidential Election nights across all BBC platforms in 2016 and 2020, on both occasions presenting with Andrew Neil.
In 2021 Kay anchored the BBC's coverage of the Presidential inauguration of Joe Biden. On 24 June 2021, Kay announced that the night's broadcast was their last for the BBC. However, in March 2022 it was announced that Kay would return to the BBC as US Special Correspondent for BBC Studios, working across documentaries, podcasts and news, as well as US Election Night anchor.
In March 2022, the Institute on Holistic Wealth, Founded By Best-Selling Author Keisha Blair, Announced that Kay, was selected to be a Holistic Wealth Trailblazer, as part of the celebration of the release of Keisha Blair's book Holistic Wealth Expanded and Updated.
Remarks about terrorism in Europe
On 24 May 2017, Kay attracted criticism for stating that Europeans should "get used to" terrorist attacks. Speaking on MSNBC two days after the Manchester Arena bombing, they also argued that "we are never going to be able to totally wipe this out." UKIP leader Nigel Farage strongly condemned Kay's comments, stating "Never. If we accept this as a way of life that is giving in, it is appeasement, it is surrendering."
Personal life
Kay has been married since 1989 to ex-BBC reporter and current Head of Global Communications at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, Tom Carver. The couple have four children and live in Washington D.C. In 2021, they became a Swiss citizen. Them father, who died in January 2021, was Swiss.
Works
Claire Shipman and Katty Kay, Womenomics, (HarperBusiness, 2 June 2009)
Katty Kay and Claire Shipman, The Confidence Code: The Science and Art of Self-Assurance—What Women Should Know, ASIN: B00DB368AY
References
External links
BBC Press Office bio
Katty Kay on Twitter
Alumni of St Hilda's College, Oxford
BBC newsreaders and journalists
BBC World News
BBC World Service presenters
English expatriates in the United States
English journalists
English people of Swiss descent
Living people
MSNBC people
People from Wallingford, Oxfordshire
20th-century British journalists
21st-century British journalists
1964 births
Naturalised citizens of Switzerland
Christian Lehmann may refer to:
Christian Lehmann, an Ore Mountain chronicler, who reported on the Thirty Years' War in Raschau
Christian Lehmann, a Major of the Reserves for Nazi Germany, who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross in 1944
Christian Lehmann, an executive producer of the German television series, Plonsters
Christian Lehmann, a member of the band Crimson Joy
Christian Lehmann, author of Ultimate Game, honored with an Mildred L. Batchelder Award in 2001
Christian Lehmann, a one-time president of Societas Linguistica Europaea
Christian Lehmann, a game designer whose credits include Horror on the Orient Express
, German linguist
See also
Johann Georg Christian Lehmann
The Rotondo Granite is a late Variscan granitic intrusion located in the Saint-Gotthard Massif in the Swiss Alps. Its name comes from the Pizzo Rotondo.
Description
It shows as a fine to medium-grained granite. Unlike other granitic intrusions present in the Gotthard Massif (Gamsboden Granite and Fibbia Granite), the foliation is only very weakly developed and is mostly visible in ductile shear zones. Radiometric dating showed an age of 294 Ma. On surface, it outcrops over an area of 20–25 km2.
The Rotondo Granite forms at least part of Monte Prosa.
Significance
The Bedretto Underground Laboratory for Geoenergies which is located in the Bedretto Tunnel (in German "Bedretto-Fenster"), is performing research on deep geothermal energy in the Rotondo Granite. The site was selected, among other reasons, because of the similarities that this rock shows with basement rocks that are expected to be encountered at a depth of 4–5 km below the Swiss Plateau.
References
Granite
Françoise Jeanne Lajunias Delord (née Doucet; 30 January 1940 – 3 December 2021) was a French ornithologist and zoo owner who was the founder and director of ZooParc de Beauval. After acting at Bobino, Delord became an ornithologist, authoring two books on the topic in the 1970s. In 1980, they opened an ornithological park, which later expanded to become the ZooParc de Beauval in 1989.
Early life
Delord was born 30 January 1940 and raised by a single mother in Montargis. They studied at the Lycée Jeanne d'Arc in Orléans and subsequently at CNSAD. Delord initially began their career as an actor. They dreamed of entering the Comédie-Française and play the title role in the tragedy Phaedra. They worked at Bobino and presented 11 shows per week. For six years, they frequently interacted with artists such as Jacques Brel, Léo Ferré and Georges Brassens. While working in the theatre, they met their husband, , a magician with whom they had two children: Rodolphe and Delphine. The couple later divorced.
Ornithological career
In the early 1970s, Delord won two African silverbill birds as part of a contest, which would trigger their inspiration for a zoological park. They became an ornithologist, writing two books about birds. Delord frequently purchased new birds at pet stores and built an aviary in their Paris apartment. When the total number of birds reached 300, they and their family moved out of Paris and settled on a five-hectare property near Saint-Aignan.
In 1980, Delord opened an ornithological park, which was transformed into ZooParc de Beauval in 1989 following the acquisition of wildcats. In 1991, the zoo's stature grew when they acquired a pair of rare white tigers. In 2001, they were the only female French zoo director. At the 2006 Chinese Committee of Breeding Techniques for Giant Pandas in Thailand, Delord expressed a desire to adopt a pair of giant pandas. The zoo reached international profile when China loaned it a pair of pandas in 2012. As of 2011, it was home to 4600 animals, and was the only collection in France with koalas or manatees.
When Delord aged, they left control of the park to their children, Rodolphe and Delphine. In 2021, the zoo has 1.4 million visitors.
Françoise Delord died on 3 December 2021 at the age of 81.
Selected works
References
1940 births
2021 deaths
Zookeepers
Zoo owners
People from Montargis
20th-century French businesspeople
French ornithologists
Women ornithologists
20th-century French actores
Conservatoire de Paris alumni
South Carolina Highway 391 (SC 391) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The highway connects rural areas of Aiken County with Prosperity, via Batesburg-Leesville.
Route description
SC 391 begins at an intersection with SC 39 (Old Ninety-Six Indian Trail) northwest of New Holland, Aiken County, where the roadway continues as Wire Road. It travels to the north-northeast. It passes Neeses Pond and crosses Chinquapin Creek, where it enters Lexington County, before it curves to the northwest. The highway crosses over Mare Branch. After it curves to the north, it crosses over Horsepen Creek and passes by Indian Trail Golf Course. Just before entering the city limits of Batesburg-Leesville, the highway passes by Davis Pond and crosses over Duncan Creek. In the city, it intersects U.S. Route 178 (US 178; South Pine Street). The two highways travel concurrently to the northwest. At West Columbia Avenue, they intersect US 1. At West Church Street, they meet SC 23. Here, US 178 splits off, while SC 391 continues to the northwest and immediately begins to curve to the north-northeast. Just before intersecting Marion Street, it begins to curve to the east-northeast. Before leaving the city limits, the highway passes Ridge Crest Memorial Park, curves to the north-northwest, and passes the Batesburg-Leesville Branch Library, Batesburg-Leesville High School, and Batesburg-Leesville Primary School. The highway curves to the north-northeast and crosses over Gin Branch before intersecting the northern terminus of SC 245 (North Lee Street). It crosses over Lick Creek and then enters Saluda County. Just before entering Delmar, SC 391 begins curving to the northwest. Then, it intersects US 378 (Columbia Highway) at a roundabout known as the Saluda Traffic Circle. A short distance later, the highway starts heading to the north and crosses over the Little Saluda River. It intersects the northern terminus of SC 194 (Denny Highway) just before crossing over the Saluda River on the Noah L. Black Bridge into Newberry County. SC 391 begins traveling to the northeast and north before entering Prosperity. As soon as it enters the town, it passes by Prosperity Cemetery. It curves to the north-northwest. Just before McNeary Street, it crosses over railroad tracks and curves to the northwest. At Main Street, it turns left and travels to the northwest. Just before it meets its northern terminus, an intersection with US 76 (C.R. Koon Highway), it crosses over some railroad tracks and passes by the W.L. Mills MD Fitness Park.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
SC 391 South Carolina Highway Annex
391
Transportation in Aiken County, South Carolina
Transportation in Lexington County, South Carolina
Transportation in Saluda County, South Carolina
Transportation in Newberry County, South Carolina
3rd Prince was an electoral district in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, which elected two members to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1873 to 1993.
The district comprised the eastern central portion of Prince County. It was abolished in 1996.
Members
Dual member
Assemblyman-Councillor
Prince 3
1873 establishments in Prince Edward Island
1996 disestablishments in Prince Edward Island
Cherechiu () is a commune in Bihor County, Crișana, Romania with a population of 2,416 people. It is composed of three villages: Cherechiu, Cheșereu (Érkeserű) and Târgușor (Asszonyvására).
References
Communes in Bihor County
Localities in Crișana
Inside Out is the brand name for a number of regional television programmes in England broadcast on BBC One. Each series, made by a BBC region, focuses on stories from the local area. Commissioned by BBC One controller Lorraine Heggessey, the programme began on 9 September 2002 and replaced a number of different titles previously used on BBC Two.
The programme ended on 30 March 2020 and was replaced in 2022 by a new programme, We Are England, which has fewer regional editions and focusses on one subject per edition with regional takes on the chosen subject.
Versions
Inside Out London – Presented by Sean Fletcher
Inside Out South East – Presented by Natalie Graham
Inside Out South – Presented by Jon Cuthill
Inside Out South West – Presented by Jemma Woodman
Inside Out West – Presented by Alastair McKee
Inside Out West Midlands – Presented by Ayo Akinwolere
Inside Out North West – Presented by Jacey Normand
Inside Out North East & Cumbria – Presented by Chris Jackson
Inside Out Yorkshire & Lincolnshire – Presented by Keeley Donovan (September 2017–present)
Inside Out East Midlands – Presented by Lukwesa Burak.
Inside Out East – Presented by David Whiteley
Inside Out the Channel Islands – began early 2012
Inside Out England – Presented by Lukwesa Burak
Inside Out England shows selected stories from the regional programmes and is shown across England which is hosted by Matthew Wright. But this was relaunched in 2016 as Inside Out as a weekly round up on the BBC News channel with Lukwesa Burak now presenting.
Controversy
A programme was filmed in December 2009 and only shown in February 2010. A debate followed as to whether the BBC should have told the police before the programme aired. The BBC was also accused of promoting assisted suicide.
In January 2013, the writer and presenter Chris Geiger investigated a self-styled spiritual healer who claimed to be able to treat cancer using a special diet. Chris Geiger, a cancer survivor himself, used a hidden camera and posed as a client; again this programme provoked widespread debate.
See also
BBC Scotland Investigates (1993)
Notes
A different region is selected each week for broadcast on the BBC News Channel.
References
External links
2002 British television series debuts
2020 British television series endings
2010s British television series
2020s British television series
BBC television documentaries
British television news shows
English-language television shows
Current affairs shows
Sand Island Light may refer to:
Sand Island Light (Alabama) at the mouth of Mobile Bay
Sand Island Light (Wisconsin) in Lake Superior
Kuntsevskaya is a station on the Bolshaya Koltsevaya line of the Moscow Metro. It was opened on 7 December 2021 as part of the section between Mnyovniki and Kakhovskaya. A transfer to Kuntsevskaya is also planned.
Gallery
References
Moscow Metro stations
Bolshaya Koltsevaya line
Railway stations located underground in Russia
Railway stations under construction in Russia
Lunca Banului is a commune in Vaslui County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Broscoșești, Condrea, Focșa, Lunca Banului, Lunca Veche, Oțetoaia and Răducani.
References
Communes in Vaslui County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Populated places on the Prut
Barbara Park, an American author, wrote and published dozens of books for children. Them Junie B. Jones series encompasses 31 books and had collectively sold 55 million copies worldwide as of 2013, according to Park's publisher, Random House. The series started in 1992, with the publication of Junie B. Jones and the Stupid Smelly Bus. The New York Times described Junie B. Jones, the main character of the series, as "a 6-year-old dispenser of abundant opinions, Runyonesque wisecracks and dubious syntax." When the series began, Junie B. was just entering kindergarten and remained there until Junie B., First Grader (at Last!), the 18th book in the series, was published in 2001.
Park also wrote other books for young readers, including Skinnybones, published in 1982, and The Graduation of Jake Moon, published in 2002.
Junie B. Jones
Junie B. Jones and the Stupid Smelly Bus aka Junie B. Jones is On Them Way! (#1) (1992) () Junie B. Jones describes their feelings about starting kindergarten and what they do when they decide not to ride the bus home.
Junie B. Jones and a Little Monkey Business (#2) (1993) () Through a misunderstanding, Junie B. thinks that their new baby brother is really a baby monkey, and their report of this news creates excitement and trouble in their kindergarten class.
Junie B. Jones and Them Big Fat Mouth (#3) (1993) () When their kindergarten class has Job Day, Junie B. goes through much confusion and excitement before deciding on the "bestest" job of all.
Junie B. Jones and Some Sneaky Peeky Spying (#4) (1994) () Junie B.'s penchant for spying on people and their curiosity about the private life of their teacher, whom they simply call Mrs., gets them in trouble at school and at home.
Junie B. Jones and the Yucky Blucky Fruitcake (#5) (1995) () Junie B. looks forward to winning lots of prizes at the school carnival, but a fruitcake and a comb were not exactly what they had in mind.
Junie B. Jones and That Meanie Jim's Birthday (#6) (1996) () Junie B. is very upset when Jim, a boy who bullies them in class, plans to invite everyone except them to their birthday party.
Junie B. Jones Loves Handsome Warren (#7) (1996) () Unable to compete with their friends' fancy clothes and running abilities, Junie B. finds their own way to make the new boy at school like them
Junie B. Jones Has a Monster Under Them Bed (#8) (1997) () During Picture Day when Junie B. is told by another student that a monster lurks under their bed, rekindling their fear of monsters, they take desperate actions to make it go away.
Junie B. Jones Is Not a Crook (#9) (1997) () Junie B. experiences glee while showing off their new furry mittens, but disaster strikes when they disappear from the playground, and they must find a way to get them back.
Junie B. Jones Is a Party Animal (#10) (1997) () Junie B.'s best friend, Lucille, invites Junie B. and another girl named Grace to spend the night at their Nana's mansion.
Junie B. Jones Is a Beauty Shop Guy (#11) (1998) () Junie B. believes they have a calling to become a beauty shop worker, and after practicing on various stuffed animals, they decide to move on to a human subject—herself.
Junie B. Jones Smells Something Fishy (#12) (1998) () Frustrated because the rules for their class's Pet Day will not let them take their dog to school, Junie B. considers taking a raccoon, a worm, a dead fish, and other unusual replacements instead.
Junie B. Jones Is (Almost) a Flower Girl (#13) (1999) () Junie B.'s Aunt Flo is having a wedding, and Junie B. is upset that they are not the flower girl.
Junie B. Jones And The Mushy Gushy Valentime (#14) (1999) () When Junie B. receives a special valentine on Valentine's Day, they try to find out who in their class sent it.
Junie B. Jones Has a Peep in Them Pocket (#15) (2000) () When Junie B. learns that their kindergarten class is going on a field trip to a farm, they worry about being attacked by a rooster or pony after watching a horror show.
Junie B. Jones Is Captain Field Day (#16) (2001) () As the captain of Room Nine's field day team, Junie B. tries to rally their troops after they lose several events.
Junie B. Jones Is a Graduation Girl (#17) (2001) () Junie B. has just turned six and is looking forward to their kindergarten graduation, but when they accidentally stain the white graduation gown they could not resist trying on, they are afraid graduation is ruined.
Junie B., First Grader (at last!) (#18) (2001) () Junie B. becomes a first grader, but they find out that they need glasses.
Junie B., First Grader: Boss of Lunch (#19) (2002) () Junie B. helps out around the school cafeteria.
Junie B., First Grader: Toothless Wonder (#20) (2002) () Junie B. Jones learns about the Tooth Fairy when they become the first student in their first grade class to lose a front tooth.
Junie B., First Grader: Cheater Pants (#21) (2003) () Junie B. copies a fellow classmate's homework paper, which results in their teacher punishing them When they later decides to copy off a test, they realize cheating isn't worth it and owns up to it.
Junie B., First Grader: One-Man Band (#22) (2003) () Junie B. must perform in the halftime show at their school's kickball tournament all alone after their friend Sheldon deserts them
Junie B., First Grader: Shipwrecked (#23) (2004) () Junie B. plays a ship in a school play about Christopher Columbus, but has to deal with other students' illnesses and a girl named May hogging the stage.
Junie B., First Grader: Boo...and I MEAN IT! (#24) (2004) () With Halloween approaching, Junie B. needs to find a costume that will scare off the monsters they believe will be out on the holiday.
Junie B., First Grader: Jingle Bells, Batman Smells (P.S. So Does May) (#25) (2005) () Junie B. wishes that a girl named May would stop being such a tattletale, but when they are stuck as May's Secret Santa, they must decide between what they want to do and what is right.
Junie B., First Grader: Aloha-ha-ha! (#26) (2006) () Junie B. manages to get into trouble every day during a trip to Hawaii and records each incident in a photo journal given to them by their teacher.
Junie B., First Grader: Dumb Bunny! (#27) (2007) () Junie B. is determined to win the grand prize at Lucille's Easter egg hunt.
Junie B., First Grader: Turkeys We Have Loved and Eaten (and Other Thankful Stuff) (#28) (2013) () To celebrate the Thanksgiving holiday, Mr. Scary's first grade class prepares a Thankful List for the school contest, but Junie B. finds it hard to be grateful for squash, pumpkin pie, or tattletale May.
Top-Secret Personal Beeswax: A Journal by Junie B. (and Me!) (2003) (). A diary where Junie B. talks about their life, with activity pages for the reader to write in.
Junie B's Essential Survival Guide to School (2009) Junie B. gives advice on how to survive school and explains what they would do if they were a teacher.
Junie B.'s These Puzzles Hurt My Brain! Book (2011) An activity book with puzzles.
Picture books
Psssst! It's Me...the Bogeyman
Ma! There's Nothing to Do Here! A Word from Your Baby-in-Waiting
Other novels
Almost Starring Skinnybones
Beanpole
Buddies
Dear God, Help!!! Love, Earl
Don't Make Me Smile
The Graduation of Jake Moon
The Kid in the Red Jacket
Maxie, Rosie, and Earl - Partners in Grime
Mick Harte Was Here
My Mother Got Married (And Other Disasters)
Operation: Dump the Chump
Rosie Swanson: Fourth-Grade Geek for President
Skinnybones
References
Park, Barbara
Children's novels
Jeremy Fernandez is an American singer, actor and musical artist based in New York City.  They are primarily known for their recent singles "Point Em' Out" (featuring Juelz Santana) and "Miss America" (featuring New Boyz).
Personal life
Fernandez was born on December 18, 1997, in the Bronx, the northern borough of New York City.
Career
Musician
In 2012, Fernandez released their debut single, "Miss America". The song features hip hop duo New Boyz. The song received radio play throughout the United States, and in 2013 a music video was produced for the song. The video was directed by Ricky Louis. According to Fernandez, the song is about "every guy trying to find the girl who's perfect for him."In 2013, Fernandez released their second single, "Point Em' Out". The single features hip hop artist Juelz Santana. A fan-dedicated video was produced for the song, for which fans submitted photographs of themselves which Fernandez displays in the video. An official music video for "Point Em' Out" will be released in June.
Jeremy has stated that they are working with singer Cymphonique Miller on a new song titled "Don't Let Go". They released "Don't Let Go" on August 9, 2013. They released a new single "Simple Things" on February 16, 2014, and an official music video was released soon on their YouTube channel.
Fernandez describes their musical style as being a mix of pop, hip hop, R&B, and country. In an interview with WSCT Worldwide Radio, Fernandez said they consider some influences for their musical style to be Adam Levine, Chris Brown, Stevie Wonder, and Bill Withers.
Actor
Fernandez has appeared in a range of television shows and short films. Their acting credits include roles on Law & Order: Criminal Intent, Little Miss Perfect, The Whitest Kids U' Know, Team Toon, and the 2009 edition of the Electric Company.
Discography
Singles
References
External links
Official website
1997 births
Living people
21st-century American singers
American male television actors
American male pop singers
American contemporary R&B singers
American hip hop singers
Child pop musicians
American male child actors
Male actors from New York City
Singers from New York City
21st-century American male actors
American child singers
Entertainers from the Bronx
21st-century American male singers
Wannianquan Road () is a station of the Qingdao Metro on Line 3, which opened on 16 December 2015.
References
Qingdao Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2015
Cancer Informatics is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal focusing on the application of computational biology to cancer research. It was established in 2005 and was originally published by Libertas Academica. SAGE Publications became the publisher in September 2016. The editor-in-chief is J. T. Efird.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
References
External links
Publications established in 2005
Oncology journals
English-language journals
SAGE Publishing academic journals
Open access journals
The American Foundation for Children with AIDS (AFCA) is a non-profit organization that helps children in sub-Saharan Africa, as well as their guardians, who are HIV positive or who have contracted AIDS and lack access to appropriate medical care. Sub-Saharan Africa has been most affected by the HIV/AIDS epidemic, given that of all new HIV infections in the world, those in sub-Saharan Africa account for more than two-thirds of that number, as of 2008. In helping to fight the battle against HIV/AIDS in sub-Saharan Africa, AFCA provides critical antiretroviral medicine and other related medications, medical equipment and supplies, sustainable food solutions for families and institutions helping orphans, emergency supplies needed by the institutions in AFCA's targeted areas, as well as critical support for the prevention of HIV/AIDS, which included training of personnel. Currently, AFCA collaborates with twenty-eight partners in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Malawi, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
History
The organization, operating under the name Global Foundation for Children with AIDS until 2005, received its 501(c)(3) status in March 2004. Its headquarters were originally located in Lawrence, KS, but were moved to Harrisburg, PA, in August 2008. AFCA's first partners were the Pediatric Infectious Disease Clinic at the Mulago Hospital in Kampala, Uganda; St. Mary's Mission Hospital in Nairobi, Kenya; and the Mombasa Community-Based Health Care and AIDS Relief Program in Mombasa, Kenya. AFCA expanded its partnerships in 2005 to include St. Joseph's Shelter of Hope Center in Voi, Kenya, later adding St. Mary's Mission Hospital and St. Theresa's Home of Hope in Elementita, Kenya, in 2007. Also in 2007, AFCA began working with a program called Zimbabwe Orphans through Extended Hands (ZOE) in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe. In 2008, AFCA began partnering with the Church of the Ascension in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe and in 2009, AFCA expanded its partnerships by collaborating with Tandala Hospital in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Kilembe Mines Hospital and Cooley Clinic in Uganda. In 2011, AFCA expanded its partnerships to include 16 additional clinics in the Democratic Republic of Congo. In 2012, AFCA added Mpumudde Clinic and Atutur Hospital in Uganda to its partner list and in 2014, AFCA created livelihoods programs in Tandala and Gemena, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. In 2019, AFCA started work in Mzuzu, Malawi.
AFCA is a member of the Children's Medical Charities of America and in May 2007, AFCA received the Best in America Seal of Excellence from the Independent Charities of America. This seal is awarded “to the members of Independent Charities of America and Local Independent Charities of America that have, upon rigorous independent review, been able to certify, document, and demonstrate on an annual basis that they meet the highest standards of public accountability, program effectiveness, and cost effectiveness. These standards include those required by the US Government for inclusion in the Combined Federal Campaign, probably the most exclusive fund drive in the world. Of the 1,000,000 charities operating in the United States today, it is estimated that fewer than 50,000, or 5 percent, meet or exceed these standards, and, of those, fewer than 2,000 have been awarded this Seal.”
Ratings and reviews
AFCA meets 20 out of 20 standards from the Better Business Bureau.
AFCA has earned a 4 out of 4 rating with Charity Navigator.
AFCA is considered a Top-Rated Charity, earning a B+ rating from Charity Watch.
AFCA is a Platinum-level GuideStar Exchange participant, demonstrating its commitment to transparency.
Mission
The mission of AFCA is to "provide critical comprehensive services to infected and affected HIV+ children and their caregivers. Our programs are efficient, promoting self-reliance and sustainability. Since 2005, in collaboration with our in-country partners, we have served tens of thousands of families in some of the most underserved and marginalized communities in Africa. Our areas of impact include: medical support, livelihoods, educational support and emergency relief.”
AFCA's approach to HIV care is family oriented. In addition to providing care for HIV-infected children from ages 0 through 19, the organization provides pregnant women who are HIV positive with the antiretroviral medication required to prevent the transmission of HIV to their unborn children. This preventive care is an important aspect of the care provided by AFCA since according to UNAIDS, reversal of the global HIV epidemic will not occur unless there is a decrease in the number of new HIV infections. AFCA also provides antiretroviral and other medicines for the HIV-positive guardians of infected children to prolong the guardians' lives, thus preventing the children from becoming orphans. Believing that children and guardians in their programs should become self-reliant, AFCA provides livestock (goats, chickens, pigs, and rabbits), seeds and tools, water filters, and solar lights to families who've been affected by HIV/AIDS and who want to escape the ravages of poverty. With husbandry and gardening training and monthly follow ups, the families are able to provide for themselves and not to rely on external help.
AFCA supports training centers for HIV+ mothers, most of them widowed. A sisal production project, a rice paddy, a piggery, tailoring shops, and a hair dressing training facility are all part of an endeavor to help mothers earn fair wages while having time to take care of their children and of themselves.
Greenhouses and large gardens are part of the work AFCA does to help orphanages become self sufficient while teaching older adolescents and young people how to plant, harvest and sell vegetables and fruit. Income benefits the workers and the children's homes, while the food feeds not only the orphaned children but also the community who purchases the excess produce.
A newer program AFCA supports is the building of long drop latrines for families affected by AIDS. Built with eco bricks and including the families in the process, this project allows them to have a safe and decent place to use the toilet, which directly impacts the safety and health of women and girls.
AFCA maintains a warehouse in Lebanon, PA where medical supplies and equipment are stored, packaged, inventoried, and from where they are sent to hospitals and clinics in the countries AFCA works. Hospitals request specific supplies or equipment and AFCA delivers them to their doorstep in order to help them grow their capacity and ability to give good care to their patients, including the children AFCA serves.
AFCA runs a program called Vacation with a Purpose, inviting people from all walks of life to visit their programs in Africa while building a house for AIDS orphans, painting a clinic, playing with children, working side by side with medical personnel, doing administrative tasks, gardening, and much more. This program takes teams to Democratic Republic of Congo, Kenya and Zimbabwe.
The main fundraiser AFCA utilizes to fulfill its mission is called Climb Up So Kids Can Grow Up. This fundraiser consists of outdoor events, which cater to individuals of any age or ability: Climb Up: Kilimanjaro, Climb Up: Nigeria, Climb Up: Nepal, Climb Up: New Zealand and Climb Up: Peru is some of the events currently supporting AFCA's work.
Assets
As of 2021 the American Foundation for Children with Aids had net assets, end of year of $516,866.
Funding details
Funding details as of 2021:
References
External links
Informative link
Medical and health foundations in the United States
HIV/AIDS organizations in the United States
Stav Sherez (born 1970) is a British novelist whose first novel, The Devil's Playground, was published in 2004 by Penguin Books and was shortlisted for the CWA John Creasey Dagger. In July 2018 they won the Theakston's Old Peculier Crime Novel of the Year Award for their fifth novel, The Intrusions, the third outing for their detectives Jack Carrigan and Geneva Miller.
Biography
Born in 1970, Sherez grew up in London and attended Latymer Upper School and the University of Leeds. Sherez's second novel, The Black Monastery, was published by Faber & Faber in April 2009. From 1999 to 2004 they were a main contributor to the music magazine Comes with a Smile. From December 2006 they have been literary editor of the Catholic Herald.
Bibliography
Novels
The Devil's Playground 2004 (Penguin) – Shortlisted for the CWA John Creasey Best First Novel Award
The Black Monastery 2009 (Faber & Faber)
A Dark Redemption 2012 (Faber & Faber) – Shortlisted for the Theakston's Old Peculier Crime Novel of the Year Award 2013
Eleven Days 2013 (Faber & Faber) – Shortlisted for the Theakston's Old Peculier Crime Novel of the Year Award 2014
The Intrusions 2017 (Faber & Faber) – Winner of the Theakston's Old Peculier Crime Novel of the Year Award 2018
Short stories
"God Box", published in Perverted by Language: Fiction Inspired by the Fall, Serpent's Tail 2007
"Hotel Room", published in The Flash, Social Disease 2007
References
External links
Author website
21st-century British novelists
Living people
1970 births
British male novelists
21st-century British male writers
Timo Hildebrand (born 5 April 1979) is a German former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Hildebrand holds a Bundesliga record for keeping a clean sheet for the most consecutive minutes (884 minutes), which they set during the 2003–04 season.
Club career
VfB Stuttgart
After starting their career at the little-known FV Hofheim/Ried, Hildebrand joined the Stuttgart youth team in 1994.
In the 1999–2000 season, Hildebrand played in six Bundesliga matches. From the summer of 2000, they were the club's number one goalkeeper and contributed largely to Stuttgart's successes, particularly as part of what became known as "Stuttgart's young wild ones" team under coach Felix Magath. They began the 2000–01 season by playing in eight matches in the Intertoto Cup. They went on making 32 Bundesliga appearances, five German Cup appearances, and eight UEFA Cups. The following season, they made 34 appearances. VfB Stuttgart managed to be Bundesliga runners-up in 2003. They had made 20 Bundesliga appearances, one German Cup appearance, four UEFA Cup appearances, and eight Intertoto Cup matches. They survived the Champions League group stage the following season, before bowing out to Chelsea FC in the second round. They made 43 appearances during the 2003–04 season.
Hildebrand also played a significant role in Stuttgart's victorious 2006–07 Bundesliga campaign, figuring as a backbone for the next generation of "wild ones" like Serdar Tasci or Mario Gómez and helping Stuttgart provide the third-best defence of the season. The 2006–07 campaign remains their greatest domestic success to this day, and their last season with Stuttgart as in December 2006 they did not accept the club's offer to extend their contract. They made 39 appearances during the 2006–07 season.
Valencia
Hildebrand joined the Spanish club Valencia on a free transfer on 3 July 2007, with Valencia unveiling Hildebrand via a news conference the next day on 4 July 2007. They stated in the news conference that they would "give everything" to the club. Hildebrand was being viewed as a replacement to the club's long-serving goalkeeper Santiago Cañizares. They made their debut for Valencia on 29 August, for the third qualification round second leg of UEFA Champions League against IF Elfsborg. They played the full 90 minutes of that game of which they won 2–1.
Hildebrand was Valencia's first-choice goalkeeper for most of the 2007–08 season, collecting a Copa del Rey trophy on the way. After the departure of manager Ronald Koeman, Hildebrand lost their place in the first team as Koeman's successor Unai Emery preferred newly signed Renan Brito. According to media coverage, Hildebrand refused consignment to the bench and was eventually cut from the squad altogether. Hildebrand had not been playing for Valencia for several months since the Supercopa de España second leg on 24 August 2008. On 4 December 2008, they left Valencia by mutual consent.
Hoffenheim
On 10 December 2008, Hildebrand signed for the Bundesliga side 1899 Hoffenheim. They made their Bundesliga debut for Hoffenheim on 31 January 2009 in their 2–0 win at home to Energie Cottbus, being substituted in the 60th minute due to an injury. During the 2008–09 season, they made 14 appearances. During the 2009–10 season, they made 32 appearances.
In summer 2010, Hildebrand left Hoffenheim.
Sporting
Hildebrand signed a one-year deal with Portuguese club Sporting CP and debuted on 16 October 2010 in a 2–1 win over GD Estoril Praia in the Portuguese cup.
After Hildebrand left Sporting, they were on trial with Manchester City on their pre-season tour of the USA before the 2011–12 season, but they did not take up the option to sign him.
Schalke 04
Hildebrand signed onto Schalke 04 in the middle of the 2011–12 Bundesliga campaign after starting keeper Ralf Fährmann was injured. During the 2013–14 season.
Eintracht Frankfurt
On 25 September 2014 Hildebrand signed for Eintracht Frankfurt in the wake of a major injury to their first-choice keeper Kevin Trapp. They made three appearances. This final top-flight matches for Eintracht were the last of over 300 Bundesliga appearances for Hildebrand.
International career
After collecting 18 Under-21-caps, Hildebrand made their full international debut for Germany on 28 April 2004 in a friendly against Romania in Bucharest as they came on as a half-time substitute for Oliver Kahn with Germany 0–4 down, and eventually lost 1–5.
Hildebrand was selected for three consecutive tournaments for Germany, Euro 2004, 2005 Confederations Cup and 2006 World Cup, as Germany's third-choice goalkeeper behind Jens Lehmann and Oliver Kahn. They played their first competitive international at the 2005 Confederations Cup against Argentina (final score 2–2). They were the only member of the 2006 World Cup squad who did not play at the tournament, as Germany came third on home soil.
After Kahn's retirement from international football in 2006, Hildebrand stepped up to become Germany's number two and was Jens Lehmann's natural replacement during the Euro 2008 qualification. Somewhat surprisingly, Joachim Löw dropped Hildebrand from the final squad for the tournament and picked Robert Enke and René Adler ahead of him. Although Löw stated that Hildebrand was an important player and may return to the set-up in near future, they never appeared for Germany since their omission from their squad for Euro 2008.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
VfB Stuttgart
UEFA Intertoto Cup: 2000, 2002
Bundesliga: 2006–07
DFB-Pokal runner-up: 2006–07
Valencia
Copa del Rey: 2007–08
Germany
FIFA World Cup third place: 2006
FIFA Confederations Cup third place: 2005
Individual
ESM Team of the Year: 2003–04
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
People from Worms, Germany
Association football goalkeepers
German footballers
Germany under-21 international footballers
Germany international footballers
Germany B international footballers
Germany youth international footballers
German expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
German expatriate sportspeople in Spain
German expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
VfB Stuttgart players
VfB Stuttgart II players
Valencia CF players
TSG 1899 Hoffenheim players
Sporting CP footballers
FC Schalke 04 players
FC Schalke 04 II players
Eintracht Frankfurt players
Bundesliga players
Regionalliga players
La Liga players
Primeira Liga players
UEFA Euro 2004 players
2005 FIFA Confederations Cup players
2006 FIFA World Cup players
Footballers from Rhineland-Palatinate
Shetland is an archipelago in Scotland.
Shetland may also refer to:
Animals
Shetland animal breeds, including:
Shetland cattle
Shetland goose
Shetland pony
Shetland sheep
Shetland Sheepdog
Places
Shetland, Ontario, Canada
South Shetland Islands, a group of Antarctic islands
Other uses
Shetland Bus was the nickname of a clandestine special operations group that made a permanent link between Shetland, Scotland and German-occupied Norway from 1941 until 1945
Shetland dialect, known as simply "Shetland" by locals
Shetland (Scottish Parliament constituency)
Shetland (TV series), a crime television drama airing on BBC1, set in the Shetland Islands
Short Shetland, a 1940s British flying boat
The 1977 Christchurch mayoral election was part of the New Zealand local elections held that same year. In 1977, election were held for the Mayor of Christchurch plus other local government positions. The polling was conducted using the standard first-past-the-post electoral method.
Background
Sitting mayor Hamish Hay was re-elected for a second term, defeating Labour Party challenger Alex Clark. Despite retaining the mayoralty the Citizens' Association lost ground on the city council however, resulting in the composition of the council at ten seats to nine in favour of the Labour Party.
Results
The following table gives the election results:
Ward results
Candidates were also elected from wards to the Christchurch City Council.
References
Mayoral elections in Christchurch
1977 elections in New Zealand
Politics of Christchurch
October 1977 events in New Zealand
1970s in Christchurch
Ferney La Vallée is a forest and wildlife reserve situated in the Bambou mountains north of Mahébourg in Grand Port District, Mauritius. It is managed by the La Vallée de Ferney Conservation Trust.
History and location
The 200 hectare natural area was established at the end of 2006, as a conservation trust - with the land-owners in partnership with the Mauritian Wildlife Foundation (MWF) and local authorities. It was launched as a program for conservation and restoration of the indigenous forests of the valley.
Awareness of the valley's biodiversity was raised in 2004 when a highway that was due to be constructed through the area threatened the local plants and animals with the necessary clearing of forest for the roads and tunnels. Surveys in the valley by the Environment Monitoring Committee led to the discovery of several species that were new to science, or were thought to have been extinct. It also predicted that a great many more new species would likely be discovered in the area. After local action and petitions, the highway development was successfully diverted.
Ferney La Vallée is located north of the town of Mahébourg in Grand Port District, Mauritius. Its entrance is off the B 28 road, just north of Ferney Falaise Rouge, not far from Vallée de l'Est conservation area.
The valley's land-form is largely composed of Tertiary volcanic series with a range of acidic and clay soils. It is wind-facing and its climate is humid throughout the year.
Facilities
As one of the last nature refuges on the island, Ferney La Vallée was opened to provide the public with an experience of the indigenous biodiversity of Mauritius. Hiking circuits run through the indigenous forests of the valley, past look-out points, and guided tours are regularly conducted.
At the reserve's entrance at the bottom of the valley, a tiny stone museum displays the history of the area, with a nearby set of gardens of edible and useful plants. Higher up in the valley, the restaurant and visitors complex has been created from an old hunting lodge. Nearby are the giant tortoises, and a nursery that makes endemic and endangered plants available for sale to local Mauritian visitors. A daily feeding of the endangered kestrels is also conducted for visitors at this point.
Biodiversity
Ferney La Vallée is mostly composed of partially rehabilitated rainforests, with a large number of plant species, most of which are endangered or vulnerable. The valley was where several species were rediscovered after being thought extinct, such as Pandanus iceryi and Pandanus macrostigma. Eugenia bojeri is another critically endangered species that was discovered for the first time in Ferney.
In addition, several threatened animal species are protected in the reserve. These include the endangered Mauritius kestrel (Falco punctatus) and the Mauritian flying fox (Pteropus niger), a megabat.
Less than 2% of the indigenous ecosystems of Mauritius remain intact and Ferney La Vallée is one of the last nature preserves on the island.
Future projects in the valley will include the large-scale propagation and introduction of indigenous and endemic plants to degraded parts of the valley, together with continued weeding of invasive alien plants.
There will also be a re-introduction of the endangered endemic birds pink pigeon (Columba mayeri) and echo parakeet (Psittacula echo). The giant tortoises, whose grazing action naturally assists in the regeneration of Mauritian forests, will also be released into the core conservation zone, to complete the re-establishment of the ecological balance of the forests.
A nearby conservation area, Vallée de l'Est, is providing further protection for the area, in conserving and restoring an additional 70 hectares of rare highland forest.
References
External links
Official website of La Vallée de Ferney Conservation Trust: https://www.ferney.mu/
Grand Port District
Tourist attractions in Mauritius
Landforms of Mauritius
Environment of Mauritius
Protected areas of Mauritius
Valleys of Africa
Howard Frederic Sachs (born September 13, 1925) is a Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri. They also are a former federal judicial nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
Education and career
Born in Kansas City, Missouri, Sachs earned an Artium Baccalaureus degree from Williams College in 1947 and a Juris Doctor from Harvard Law School in 1950. Sachs worked as a United States Navy Electrical Technician's Mate from 1944 until 1946 and as a law clerk for Judge Albert Alphonso Ridge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri from 1950 until 1951. Sachs then entered private legal practice in Kansas City, where they worked as a lawyer from 1951 until 1979.
Federal judicial service
Sachs was nominated by President Jimmy Carter on May 17, 1979, to the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri, to a new seat authorized by 92 Stat. 1629. They were confirmed by the United States Senate on September 25, 1979, and received their commission on September 26, 1979. They served as Chief Judge from 1990 to 1992. They assumed senior status on October 31, 1992. On August 27, 2019, Sachs blocked Missouri's abortion restriction that would ban abortion after eight weeks of pregnancy.
Unsuccessful Eighth Circuit nomination
On July 29, 1980, Carter nominated Sachs to be a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit to fill a seat vacated when Judge Floyd Robert Gibson assumed senior status. Given that the nomination occurred after the unofficial Thurmond Rule governing judicial nominations during presidential election years, however, the Senate never took up Sachs' nomination. President Ronald Reagan initially brought forth the name of Hallmark Cards associate general counsel Judith Whittaker as a nominee to replace Gibson. After it emerged that Whittaker had supported the Equal Rights Amendment, however, conservatives opposing their nomination launched a letter-writing campaign objecting to their nomination and Whittaker eventually withdrew their name from consideration. Reagan ultimately wound up nominating United States District Judge John R. Gibson to the seat in February 1982. Gibson was confirmed on March 4, 1982.
See also
Jimmy Carter judicial appointment controversies
References
Sources
1925 births
Living people
Williams College alumni
Harvard Law School alumni
Judges of the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri
United States district court judges appointed by Jimmy Carter
20th-century American judges
21st-century American judges
United States Navy personnel of World War II
United States Navy sailors
Litoria christianbergmanni is a frog in the family Hylidae. It is endemic to Indonesia and has been found in the Fakfak Mountains. Scientists reported it 860 meters above sea level.
The adult male frog measures 26.9–31.2 mm long in snout-vent length. The skin of the dorsum is uniform green with very small yellow-white spots on the back and legs. There is more webbing on the hind feet than on the front feet. The backs of the legs are brown in color.
The reporting scientist named this frog after a German scientist, Prof. Dr. Christian Bergmann.
References
Frogs of Asia
christianbergmanni
Święcice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 863 (2020).
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Chambers of rhetoric () were dramatic societies in the Low Countries. Their members were called Rederijkers (singular Rederijker), from the French word 'rhétoricien', and during the 15th and 16th centuries were mainly interested in dramas and lyrics. These societies were closely connected with local civic leaders and their public plays were a form of early public relations for the city.
History
The first chambers of rhetoric were founded in Flanders around the 15th century; they later flowered in Holland, where they were an important part of the literary scene in the Dutch Golden Age and experimented with poetic form and structure. Most Dutch cities sponsored a chamber of rhetoric, and many cities had more than one, which competed with each other during prize contests. The building that currently houses the Frans Hals Museum was built with the proceeds of a lottery in which chambers of rhetoric participated from all over the country. The Haarlem society Trou moet Blycken still has many of the blazons that it kept as host of that lottery.
At the start of the 16th century, Antwerp had three rederijker societies, the "Violieren", the "Olijftak", and the "Goudbloem", while Brussels and Ghent each had four rederijker societies.
An important chamber of rhetoric in the Netherlands was "De Egelantier" in Amsterdam: Coster, Bredero, Hooft and Roemer Visscher were all members of this society. During the Protestant Reformation the society sided with the reformers against the city government and enjoyed its most blooming period despite receiving very little funding from official sources.
Because many of the rederijkers were by definition amateurs, the literary quality of their work was often rather low, and in the 18th century, some chambers of rhetoric were spoken of with contempt. One work of literary historical importance that came from the Rederijkers is the play Elckerlijc (Everyman).
By the 17th century many chambers enjoyed the services of semi-professional actors, personagiën, who did not pay membership fees and worked in exchange for free food and drink (provided after rehearsals and performances) and for exemption from other civic obligations.
Social functions
Apart from providing entertainment (recitations, plays, performances) during civic festivities, and maintaining literary contacts between cities, chambers of rhetoric had many of the typical social functions of a guild or confraternity, such as attending members' funerals, holding collections for sick or impoverished members, and providing wedding presents for members getting married.
See also
List of chambers of rhetoric
Medieval Dutch literature
Flemish literature
References
Conformisten en rebellen: Rederijkerscultuur in de Nederlanden (1400-1650), 2003 (Dutch)
Meijer, Reinder. Literature of the Low Countries: A Short History of Dutch Literature in the Netherlands and Belgium. New York: Twayne Publishers, Inc., 1971, pp. 55–57, 62.
Van Bruaene, A.L., Repertorium van de Rederijkerskamers in de Zuidelijke Nederlanden (Dutch) Overview of the Chambers of Rhetoric in the Southern Netherlands
European literature
Dutch literature
Literary societies
Arts in the Netherlands
Roy Hart Jr. (born July 10, 1965) is a former American football defensive tackle. They were drafted by the Seattle Seahawks in the sixth round of the 1988 NFL Draft. They played college football at South Carolina.
Hart has also played for the London Monarchs, Los Angeles Raiders, Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Las Vegas Posse.
References
1965 births
Living people
People from Tifton, Georgia
American football defensive tackles
Canadian football defensive linemen
South Carolina Gamecocks football players
Seattle Seahawks players
London Monarchs players
Los Angeles Raiders players
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Las Vegas Posse players
Mary Connery is a former camogie player, winner of the Cuchulainn award presented by Gaelic Weekly magazine in 1965.
Career
They won Ashbourne Cup honours with University College Galway in 1964. In 1966 they captained St Paul's in their first All Ireland club final.
Coaching & Administration
While still a player, they were elected chair of Kilkenny camogie board in 1966. Although they had retired before Kilkenny won their breakthrough Leinster (1970) and All Ireland (1974) titles, they contributed substantially to the success as coach to the successful Presentation Secondary School, Kilkenny teams in the secondary schools championship of 1969 and 1970, on which Liz Neary, Helena O'Neill, Carmel Doyle and Teresa O'Neill featured. They became chair of Leinster colleges council in 1966.
References
Living people
Kilkenny camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Lysimachia () is a genus consisting of 193 accepted species of flowering plants traditionally classified in the family Primulaceae. Based on a molecular phylogenetic study it was transferred to the family Myrsinaceae, before this family was later merged into the Primulaceae.
Characteristics
Lysimachia species often have yellow flowers, and grow vigorously. They tend to grow in damp conditions. Several species within Lysimachia are commonly called loosestrife, although this name is also used for plants within the genus Lythrum. The genus is named in honor of Lysimachus, a king of ancient Sicily, who is said to have calmed a mad ox by feeding it a member of the genus.
Lysimachia species are used as food plants by the larvae of some butterflies and moths, including the dot moth, grey pug, lime-speck pug, small angle shades, and v-pug.
Specialized pollinators
Bees of the genus Macropis are specialized to pollinate oil-producing Lysimachia plants. These bees use exclusively Lysimachia floral oils for building their nests and provisioning cells. Lysimachia floral-specific chemicals are strong attractors for Macropis nuda and Macropis fulvipes bees that are seldom found in other plant genera.
Fossil record
Several fossil seeds of Lysimachia sp. have been described from middle Miocene strata of the Fasterholt area near Silkeborg in Central Jutland, Denmark. †Lysimachia nikitinii seed fossils have been collected from Pliocene strata of south eastern Belarus. The fossils are most similar to seeds of the East Asian Lysimachia davurica.
Selected species
Lysimachia arvensis L. - Scarlet pimpernel
Lysimachia asperulifolia, orth. var. L. asperulaefolia - roughleaf yellow loosestrife (endemic to the Atlantic coastal plain in North and South Carolina)
Lysimachia atropurpurea - purple gooseneck loosestrife
Lysimachia azorica Hornem. ex Hook. - (endemic to the Azores)
Lysimachia barystachys Bunge - Manchurian yellow loosestrife
Lysimachia ciliata L. - fringed loosestrife (North America)
Lysimachia clethroides - gooseneck loosestrife
Lysimachia × commixta , a hybrid of L. terrestris and L. thyrsiflora
Lysimachia congestiflora
Lysimachia daphnoides (A. Gray) Hillebr. Lehua makanoe (Island of Kauai in Hawaii)
Lysimachia filifolia C.N.Forbes (Islands of Oahu and Kauai in Hawaii)
Lysimachia foenum-graecum Hance
Lysimachia fraseri Duby - Fraser's yellow loosestrife (Southeastern United States)
Lysimachia glutinosa
Lysimachia hillebrandii Hook. f. ex A. Gray - kolokolo kuahiwi (Hawaii)
Lysimachia hybrida Michx.
Lysimachia iniki - Wailua River yellow loosestrife (endemic to Kauai, Hawaii)
Lysimachia japonica
Lysimachia latifolia - Pacific starflower
Lysimachia lichiangensis Forrest
Lysimachia lydgatei - Maui yellow loosestrife (endemic to Maui, Hawaii)
Lysimachia maritima
Lysimachia mauritiana
Lysimachia maxima (R.Knuth) H. St. John (Island of Molokai in Hawaii)
Lysimachia minoricensis J.J. Rodr. (Spain)
Lysimachia nemorum L. - yellow pimpernel
Lysimachia nummularia L. - creeping jenny, moneywort (Europe, introduced in North America)
Lysimachia pendens
Lysimachia × producta , a hybrid of L. terrestris and L. quadrifolia
Lysimachia punctata - spotted loosestrife
Lysimachia quadriflora Sims - four-flower yellow loosestrife (Eastern North America)
Lysimachia quadrifolia L. - whorled loosestrife (Eastern North America)
Lysimachia scopulensis
Lysimachia sertulata - Chilean melilukul
Lysimachia terrestris (L.) Britton, Sterns & Poggenb. - swamp candles (North America)
Lysimachia thyrsiflora - tufted loosestrife
Lysimachia venosa - veined yellow loosestrife (endemic to Kauai, Hawaii)
Lysimachia verticillaris
Lysimachia vulgaris L. - garden loosestrife, yellow loosestrife (Eurasia)
References
External links
Lysimachus' Dog & Nisaean Horses - Informative but non-scholarly essay on Lysimachia & Lysimachus (Annotated with Sources).
Pictures of Lysimachia sertulata.
PAF - Lysimachia clethroides - Duby.
Primulaceae genera
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Bayırköy is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
Wrotnów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Miedzna, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
The XRB class are a class of cabless diesel locomotives built by Pacific National in 2005–2006.
History
The XRB class were built by Pacific National at their South Dynon workshops. They are mechanically similar to XR class locomotives, but are B units without driving cabs. XRB locomotives are designed to be used as booster units on standard gauge interstate freight trains, and must be led by a locomotive with a conventional driving cab. The units do not have hostler controls for moving them around yards and depots, only being fitted with a dead engine device and park-brake button. All three class members are currently stored at the Port Augusta Workshops.
Status table
References
Co-Co locomotives
Locomotives with cabless variants
Pacific National diesel locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 2005
Standard gauge locomotives of Australia
Diesel-electric locomotives of Australia
Southeast Asian College, Inc. (SACI) is a private nonsectarian college in Quezon City, Metro Manila, Philippines.
History
Southeast Asian College was established in 1975 as the United Doctors Medical Center Colleges focusing on offering programs on healthcare. Initially the institution only offered a program in nursing serving around 200 students in its first year. By 1980, new programs were added namely psychology, medical secretarial and general secretarial courses. The school changed its name to its current name in 1997 and a new management took over.
Units
SACI offers college programs in either the Allied Medical and Liberal Arts field. It composes of six units which are the College of Nursing, College of Radiologic Technology, College of Physical Therapy, College of Midwifery, College of Tourism and Hotel and Restaurant Management.
References
Educational institutions established in 1975
1975 establishments in the Philippines
Universities and colleges in Quezon City
Tristan Klewsaat (born October 21, 1997) is an American floorball player who plays as a forward. They have won two caps for the United States national floorball team.
Career statistics
International
1997 births
Living people
Floorball players
American floorball players
References
The Dalgleish Report was a governmental report produced by the Dalgleish Commission, a commission of inquiry established in 1947 to investigate industrial relations in the mining industry of Northern Rhodesia. In particular the Commission suggested possible reforms to the industrial colour bar, a system of segregation which reserved certain occupations for European mineworkers.
History
It was decided to establish a commission of inquiry into the position of African mineworkers in Northern Rhodesia at a Colonial Office conference held in June 1946, attended by members of the Legislative Council. Such an inquiry was one of the recommendations of the previous Forster Commission, which investigated the violence following the 1940 Northern Rhodesian African Mineworkers' Strike. The Commission was to be chaired by Andrew Dalgleish, a British trade unionist, who had also sat on the Forster Commission. Two other independent commissioners were appointed: James Kelly, of the British National Union of Mineworkers, and H. O. Smith, a Director of Imperial Chemical Industries.
In 1952, Lawrence Katilunga of the African Mineworkers' Union explained the link between the conclusions of the Dalgleish Report and their union's negotiating stand:
"The Dalgleish Report is still on the shelf and we want it taken down and implemented. Until that happens, we are going to press for more and more pay increases. In the end the companies will be compelled to let Africans operate more machines and do more skilled work. otherwise they will simply have to pay us high wages for low-skilled work. It's up to them."
Notes
Northern Rhodesia
Reports of the United Kingdom government
1947 documents
1947 in Northern Rhodesia
The Presbyterian Guardian was a monthly conservative Presbyterian magazine. Founded by conservative theologian John Gresham Machen in 1935, it acted as the de facto publication of the Orthodox Presbyterian Church, whose members made up most of its readership, despite being officially unaffiliated with any one denomination. In 1979, it merged with The Presbyterian Journal, which had a significantly larger circulation and similar conservative theological stances.
History
On 7 October 1935, Rev. John Gresham Machen established The Presbyterian Guardian to serve as the voice of conservative Presbyterianism in the United States, the main denomination of which, the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America, had become fairly liberal and modernist. James T. Dennison, Jr., compiler of a cumulative index to the magazine, wrote that The Presbyterian Guardian was "conceived in controversy." Machen had been encountering significant theological disagreements with Dr. Samuel G. Craig, editor of Christianity Today (1930–1949) (not to be confused with Christianity Today, the magazine founded in 1956). In response to perceived modernism in the magazine, Machen began publishing The Guardian with a small group of conservative ministers and laypeople, hiring Rev. H. McAllister Griffiths as the first Editor.
The magazine saw eight more editors during its tenure, including Machen himself, as well as Revs. Ned Stonehouse, Charles Woodbridge, and Paul Woolley. Machen's name was proudly displayed on the masthead of the magazine from January 1938 until 1979, reading: "J. Gresham Machen, Editor 1936-37."
In April 1978, the Board of Trustees asked J. Cameron Fraser, a native Scot who was then a graduate student at Westminster Seminary to take the position of Managing Editor for 14 months while they contemplated the newspaper's future. On 30 August 1979, the Board voted to merge The Presbyterian Guardian with The Presbyterian Journal. Fraser's term as Managing Editor was extended into autumn and the final issue was published in October 1979. The Presbyterian Journal ceased publication in 1987, and in the same year the magazine World was created by Joel Belz. World, unlike its predecessor, is not explicitly Presbyterian, but of the same conservative Protestant slant.
List of editors
Board of Trustees
The following made up the last Board of Trustees of The Presbyterian Guardian:
Rev. O. Palmer Robertson, Acting President
Rev. LeRoy B. Oliver, Secretary
Rev. George E. Haney, Treasurer
F. Kingsley Elder, Jr.
Leonard Lowrey
James R. Peaster
Rev. John H. White
Hugh Brown
Rev. John P. Galbraith
Rev. Robley J. Johnston
Rev. Arthur W. Kuschke, Jr.
Rev. Paul Settle
John Van Voorhis
Glenn H. Andreas
Rev. Edmund P. Clowney
Rev. Joseph A. Pipa, Jr.
Rev. Robert L. Reymond
Rev. A. Michael Schneider III
See also
John Gresham Machen
Orthodox Presbyterian Church
World (magazine)
References
External links
The Presbyterian Guardian archives
1935 establishments in Pennsylvania
1979 disestablishments in Pennsylvania
Monthly magazines published in the United States
Religious magazines published in the United States
Christian magazines
Defunct magazines published in the United States
Magazines disestablished in 1979
Magazines established in 1935
Magazines published in Philadelphia
The 2000 NCAA Women's Division I Swimming and Diving Championships were contested at the 19th annual NCAA-sanctioned swim meet to determine the team and individual national champions of Division I women's collegiate swimming and diving in the United States.
This year's events were hosted at the Indiana University Natatorium in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Georgia again finished atop the team standings, 18.5 points ahead of Arizona; it was the Bulldogs' second consecutive and second overall women's team title.
Team standings
Note: Top 10 only
(DC) = Defending champions
Full results
See also
List of college swimming and diving teams
References
NCAA Division I Swimming And Diving Championships
NCAA Division I Swimming And Diving Championships
NCAA Division I Women's Swimming and Diving Championships
Geogepa pedaliota is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Taiwan.
References
Moths described in 1936
Archipini
"Forever" is episode 17 of season 5 of the television show Buffy the Vampire Slayer. The Scooby Gang attends Joyce's funeral, and Angel visits to pay their respects. The day after the funeral, Dawn attempts to bring their mother back to life. Also, Glory learns that the Key is in human form.
The premise of Buffy the Vampire Slayer is that an adolescent girl, Buffy Summers, is chosen by mystical forces and given superhuman powers to kill vampires, demons, and other evil creatures in the fictional town of Sunnydale.  They are supported by a close circle of family and friends, nicknamed the Scooby Gang.
Plot
Buffy selects a coffin for their mother with Giles and Dawn. Dawn expresses their concern that their mother would not have appreciated Buffy's choice. Later, the gang gathers for dinner at the Summers residence and discusses plans for the funeral, excluding Dawn from any decision making.
Spike, while bringing a bouquet of flowers to the Summers home, runs into Willow and Xander. When Xander accuses Spike of taking advantage of the situation to get closer to Buffy, Spike insists that they were attempting to pay their respects to Joyce, as they were the only one of Buffy's "lot" that ever treated them decently. Irritated at the accusation, Spike throws the bouquet down and storms off, and it is only after they depart that Willow and Xander discover that they did not include a card with the flowers and recognize the sincerity of the gesture.
The next day, at the end of Joyce's funeral, Dawn leaves with Tara and Willow while Buffy remains at the grave. Inconsolable regarding the loss of their mother, Dawn reveals to Tara and Willow their intent to perform a resurrection spell. Tara tries to convince Dawn that magic cannot be used to alter the natural order of things, such as life and death, and tells them that Wiccans took an oath disallowing resurrection. Hours later, after the sun has set, Angel arrives at the graveyard to console Buffy, who confides their worries on continuing without Joyce's strength, and wonders if there was any chance they could have saved their mother. Angel offers to stay in town for as long as they need him, and Buffy asks them to stay with them forever. The two kiss sweetly but pull away, knowing nothing more can happen. Buffy expresses their gratitude, and they stay with them until the sun rises.
The next morning, Dawn is sulking over Willow and Tara's refusal to help them As they leaf, Willow magically pulls a book named A History of Witchcraft out from the bookshelf to make it noticeable. Alone, Dawn retrieves the book, identifying the section about resurrection spells. Later, at The Magic Box, Dawn sneaks up to the loft after Giles tells them that is where they keep their most dangerous books. They slip several items into their backpack. While collecting dirt from Joyce's grave that night, Dawn is caught by Spike, who recognizes their actions but offers to help, though makes them promise not to tell Buffy of their involvement. In the home of a man named Doc, Dawn and Spike receive an incantation, but learn that they need a Ghora demon's egg and a picture of Joyce. Doc advises Dawn that the results might not be what they want and that, if they wish to undo the spell, they must tear up the image. Spike takes Dawn to a Ghora demon nest, where they play interference with the three-headed demon while Dawn gets an egg, which they drop in their haste. During their second attempt, Spike is bitten by the Ghora, but kills it in turn.
Tara realizes that the book is missing from their shelf and after concluding that Dawn took it, they and Willow inform Buffy over the phone about Dawn's spell just as they are finishing it upstairs in their room. When Buffy confronts her, the two girls get into a vicious argument about their different ways of dealing with their mother's death. Dawn accuses Buffy of being so busy arranging everything to even care that their mother is dead, earning themselves a slap across the face from their sister. Buffy immediately regrets their actions and admits that they are keeping busy so they do not have to deal with the situation, because, when they stop, then their mother is really gone. During their argument, a figure emerges from Joyce's grave and walks toward the house. A shadow passes by the front window followed by a knocking on the door, and Buffy, hoping it is Joyce, rushes to answer the door. Dawn immediately realizes the inherent dangers of the spell and rips up the photo, and when Buffy answers the door all they find is an empty step. This is too much for Buffy and they start to cry, finally facing the reality of their mother's death. A sobbing Dawn hugs her, and they collapse to the floor united in grief.
Meanwhile, Ben encounters Jinx, saying that they will not help Glory and they are tired of their games, but accidentally makes a comment that leads Jinx to conclude that the Key is human. Not wanting Glory to learn this fact, Ben stabs the minion with their own knife. Later, Glory fumes about Ben after Jinx returns to their wounded, but quickly cheers up when they inform them that the Key is human.
References
External links
"Forever" at BuffyGuide.com
Buffy the Vampire Slayer (season 5) episodes
2001 American television episodes
Buffyverse crossover episodes
Television episodes about funerals
Television episodes written by Marti Noxon
Leon Berner (born 8 September 1935) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Notes
External links
Leon Berner's profile at Blueseum
1935 births
Carlton Football Club players
Living people
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Krishan Dinidu (full name Rankoth Gedara Krishan Dinidu Dananjaya; born 3 June 1990) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.  They are a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who plays for Panadura Sports Club. They were born in Panadura.
Having represented the Under-23 team since the 2005 season, they made their List A debut during the 2009-10 season, against Sri Lanka Air Force Sports Club. From the upper-middle order, they scored 19 not out.
They made their Twenty20 debut for Panadura Sports Club in the 2017–18 SLC Twenty20 Tournament on 24 February 2018.
References
External links
Krishan Dinidu at CricketArchive
1990 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Panadura Sports Club cricketers
Graveyard Alive: A Zombie Nurse in Love, is an independent zombie horror/comedy directed by Elza Kephart. The film is in black and white and it is dubbed. The film, had its world premiere at the 2003 Fantasia festival in Montreal, Canada, and its U.S. premier at the 2004 Slamdance festival in Park City, Utah where it won the best Cinematography.
The movie was made by Bastard Amber Productions, and it was filmed in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The movie was featured in Nightmare in Canada: Canadian Horror on Film (2004) (Doc)
Synopsis
Patsy Powers (Day-Jones) is a homely nurse who pines for handsome Dr. Dox (Gerhardt). Unfortunately for Patsy, the well-favoured physician only has eyes for pretty Goodie Tueshuez (Slan) - a jealous-minded nurse obsessed with popularity. When a foul-smelling woodsman is admitted to the hospital with an axe imbedded in their forehead, the rest of the nurse staff runs for cover as kindly Patsy and the injured worker form a warm bond. Later, after Patsy and the rugged lumberjack share a kiss, the smitten nurse is thrown off guard when their new beau reflexively sinks their teeth into their flesh. As Patsy runs off to bandage their wound, Eastern European doctor-turned-janitor Kapotski recognizes the woodsman as a zombie and ends the man's suffering with a stake through the head. In the days that follow, Patsy's body is gradually taken over by the zombie virus. Not only does the transformation aversely affect Patsy's eating habits, it instills them with a newfound confidence that quickly catches the eye of Dr. Dox as well. Perplexed by their mousy co-worker's sudden transformation and determined to keep Dr. Dox for herself, the scheming Goody soon sets out to uncover the secret of Patsy's rising popularity. Now, as Patsy struggles to stay well fed and Dr. Dox grows increasingly inpatient with Goodie's unpalatable jealousy, the stage is set for a romance fueled by enough passion to transcend life and death.
Cast
Anne Day-Jones - Patsy Powers
Karl Gerhardt - Dr. Dox
Samantha Slan - Goodie Tueshuze
Eric Kendric - Woodcutter
Roland Laroche - Kapotski
Roger Guetta - Hospital Administrator
Production credits
Annie MacDonald - Executive Producer
Elza Kephart - Producer
Patricia Gomez - Producer
Andrea Stark - Producer
Charles Jodoin-Keaton - Co-Producer
Jessica Andrews - Associate Producer
John Ashmore - Cinematographer
Awards
Kodak Vision Award for Best Cinematography at the 2004 Slamdance film festival
Nominated at the 2005 Cinevagas B-Movie film festival for:
Best B Movie
Best Director
Best Screenplay
Karl Gerhardt for best actor
Anne Day-Jones for best actor
Samantha Slan for best supporting actor
Martin Pelland for best music score
John Ashmore for best cinematography
Caroline Meyer & Sarah Hagan for best set design
Stephanie Olivier for best editing
References
External links
Graveyard Alive: A Zombie Nurse In Love - Exclaim! review
Graveyard Alive - A Zombie Nurse in Love - Film Threat review (3.5 stars)
Graveyard Alive: A Zombie Nurse in Love - The Globe and Mail review
2000s comedy horror films
Canadian comedy films
Zombie comedy films
Films shot in Montreal
2005 films
Canadian comedy horror films
Canadian zombie films
English-language Canadian films
2003 comedy films
2003 films
2005 comedy films
2000s English-language films
2000s Canadian films
Erich Kuhn (31 July 1890 – 12 February 1967) was a German sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1890 births
1967 deaths
20th-century German sculptors
20th-century German male artists
German male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Berlin
Yünbüken is a village in the District of Hanak, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Hanak District
The 2002 IIHF World Championship Final was an ice hockey match that took place on May 11, 2002 in Göteborg, Sweden, to determine the winner of the 2002 IIHF World Championship. Slovakia defeated Russia to win its first championship.
Details
See also
2002 IIHF World Championship
Slovakia men's national ice hockey team
Russia men's national ice hockey team
References
Official IIHF game report
Game report on hockeyarchives.info
IIHF World Championship Finals
Final
Russia men's national ice hockey team games
Slovakia men's national ice hockey team games
world
International sports competitions in Gothenburg
2000s in Gothenburg
Johannes Hermann August Wilhelm Max Spohr (November 17, 1850 in Braunschweig – November 15, 1905 in Leipzig) was a German bookseller and publisher. They were one of the first publishers worldwide who published LGBT publications. Later Adolf Brand in Berlin published the first LGBT periodical magazine Der Eigene.
Spohr was born in 1850 as the son of business person Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Spohr and Ferdinande Lisette. They worked in Pécs, Hannover and Leipzig. With Rudolf Wengler they founded the publishing company Wengler & Spohr in Braunschweig. On December 20, 1880, they married Elisabeth Hannöver-Jansen, and fathered three sons with them In 1897, Magnus Hirschfeld founded the Scientific Humanitarian Committee with Spohr, the lawyer Eduard Oberg, and the writer Franz Joseph von Bülow.
In 2001, 96 years after their death, a street in Leipzig was named by their family name.
In honor of Max Spohr, the German LGBT organisation Völklinger Kreis established the Max-Spohr-Management-Preis for companies in Germany that have a good record of diversity management.
References
Mark Lehmstedt: Bücher für das „dritte Geschlecht“. Der Max Spohr Verlag in Leipzig. Verlagsgeschichte und Bibliographie (1881-1941). Harrassowitz. Wiesbaden 2002. .in Reihe Schriften und Zeugnisse zur Buchgeschichte. Veröffentlichungen des Leipziger Arbeitskreises zur Geschichte des Buchwesens; Bd. 14
Albert Knoll (ed.): Die Enterbten des Liebesglücks: Max Spohr (1850 - 1905). pioneer of gay literature. Forum Homosexualität und Geschichte München e.V.. 2001.
External links
Literature by and over Max Spohr in catalog of Deutschen Nationalbibliothek.
Forum-Muenchen: Die Enterbten des Liebesglücks
1850 births
1905 deaths
German publishers (people)
19th-century German businesspeople
LGBT rights activists from Germany
Captain Marvel is the name of several fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Most of these versions exist in Marvel's main shared universe, known as the Marvel Universe.
In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Captain Marvel is Carol Danvers, portrayed by Brie Larson in Captain Marvel, Avengers: Endgame (both 2019), Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021), and the Disney+ television series Ms. Marvel (2022). Brie Larson will reprise their role in the sequel The Marvels (2023). Mckenna Grace portrayed a young Carol in Captain Marvel.
Publication history
Following a trial in which DC Comics sued Fawcett Comics for breach of copyright, claiming Fawcett's Captain Marvel was too similar to Superman, the latter stopped publishing Captain Marvel in 1953. In the late 1960s Marvel gained the trademark "Captain Marvel" with its first series.
In order to retain its trademark, Marvel has published a Captain Marvel title periodically every few years since, leading to a number of ongoing series, limited series, and one-shots featuring a range of characters using the Captain Marvel alias.
Mar-Vell
The first Captain Marvel comic book printed by Marvel Comics was created by Roy Thomas and Gene Colan. This character is an alien military officer, Captain Mar-Vell of the Kree Imperial Militia, who is sent to observe the planet Earth as it is developing technology to travel into space. Mar-Vell eventually wearies of their superiors' malicious intent and allies themselves with Earth, and the Kree Empire brands them a traitor. From then on, Mar-Vell fights to protect Earth from all threats.
They were later revamped by Roy Thomas and Gil Kane. Having been exiled to the Negative Zone by the Supreme Intelligence, the only way Mar-Vell can temporarily escape is to exchange atoms with Rick Jones by means of special wristbands called Nega-Bands.  They are also given superpowers, and their Kree military uniform is replaced with a form-fitting costume. The process of the young man being replaced in a flash by the older superhero was a nod to the original Fawcett Captain Marvel, which had young Billy Batson say the magic word "Shazam" to transform into the hero.
With the title's sales still flagging, Marvel allowed Jim Starlin to conceptually revamp the character, although their appearance was little changed. Mar-Vell is freed from the Negative Zone and becomes a cosmic champion, the "Protector of the Universe" appointed by the cosmic entity Eon. Together, Mar-Vell and Rick continue to battle against evil, most notably battling the Death-worshipping Thanos. Mar-Vell became a close ally of the Titans, and one of their number, Elysius, became their lover.
Their career was cut short when they developed inoperable cancer, the result of earlier exposure to toxic nerve gas during a battle with Nitro. They died from this cancer on Titan in the presence of the Marvel Universe's superhero community, as chronicled in Marvel's first large-format graphic novel, The Death of Captain Marvel, published in 1982.
Monica Rambeau
The second Captain Marvel was created by writer Roger Stern and artist John Romita Jr. They first appeared in The Amazing Spider-Man Annual #16 (1982).
The character is Monica Rambeau, a police lieutenant from New Orleans Louisiana, who possesses the power to transform themselves into any form of energy. Them powers were briefly altered so that they cannot transform to energy, but instead can generate a personal force field. Sometime later, the Stranger returned their energy-transformation abilities.  They are a member of the Avengers, and at one point they served as their leader. They eventually ceded the Captain Marvel name to the original Captain Marvel's son after which Rambeau took the name Photon, using that name for quite some time until Genis-Vell adopted the same name. Genis-Vell and Monica discussed this, and Monica decided on the name Pulsar.
Rambeau later joined H.A.T.E. (the Highest Anti-Terrorism Effort) in the new series titled Nextwave. In this series created by Warren Ellis and Stuart Immonen, H.A.T.E. (a subsidiary of the Beyond Corporation) forms a team to fight the Bizarre Weapons of Mass Destruction. Members include Monica Rambeau, a man known only as The Captain, Boom Boom, Aaron Stack, and Elsa Bloodstone. They returned to the Avengers using the codename Spectrum.
Genis-Vell
The third Captain Marvel is Genis-Vell, who first appeared in Silver Surfer Annual #6 (1993) using the codename of "Legacy". The character is the genetically-engineered son of Mar-Vell and their lover Elysius, created from the late Mar-Vell's cell samples and artificially aged to physical, if not emotional, maturity. Genis, like their father, wears the Nega-Bands, possesses Cosmic Awareness, and is, for a time, bonded with Rick Jones. Although the pair do not get along at first, they eventually become good friends. Genis goes insane and threatens to destroy the universe.
After dying and resurrecting himself—with the secret aid of Baron Helmut Zemo—Genis-Vell joins the Thunderbolts under the name Photon. However, in accelerating their resurrection, Zemo links Genis to the ends of time, causing a degenerative effect on the universe. To prevent the inevitable destruction of all existence, Zemo scatters pieces of Genis-Vell's body through time and the Darkforce Dimension.
Phyla-Vell
The fourth Captain Marvel is Phyla-Vell, Genis-Vell's younger sister. They were created by Peter David and Paul Azaceta in Captain Marvel vol. 5 #16 (Jan. 2004). Them name is a taxonomical pun on the part of writer Peter David. Phyla is created when Genis, an only child, recreates the universe and, in doing so, creates various anomalies which result in their mother being restored to life and their sister coming into existence.  They are last seen romancing Moondragon.
Phyla-Vell appears in the Annihilation event, fighting alongside Nova's United Front in an effort to stop the destructive armies of Annihilus. They become the new Quasar after the original one is killed by Annihilus.
Phyla has superhuman strength. They can fire energy blasts, fly, and act like an "energy sponge", absorbing any energy attacks directed at them and returning them as energy blasts. Phyla also has cosmic awareness and is a proficient fighter.
Phyla later became an avatar for Oblivion and renamed themselves Martyr. They died to save their comrades in the Guardians of the Galaxy.
Khn'nr
The fifth Captain Marvel is Khn'nr, who first appeared in Civil War: The Return (March 2007).  They are a Skrull sleeper agent who is bound with Mar-Vell's DNA to lock itself into Mar-Vell's form and given technological replicas of the Kree Nega-Bands. However, their mental conditioning was botched, causing Khn'nr's personality to be erased leaving the Mar-Vell persona dominant. Though part of the Secret Invasion, this Marvel decides to fight against the invading Skrulls. As of now, they are apparently dead.
Noh-Varr
As part of the Dark Reign storyline Noh-Varr joined the new team the Dark Avengers using the alias Captain Marvel. They first appear in Marvel Boy #1 (Aug. 2000). They subsequently quit the team upon discovering they were all villains, at which point they were contacted by the Supreme Intelligence, given a copy of the original Captain Marvel's Nega Bands, and told they should take their place as the Kree's protector of Earth. This led to Noh-Varr taking the new code name Protector. Noh-Varr currently goes by the codename Marvel Boy, the name they use when they join the Young Avengers and works alongside the Inhuman Royal Family.
Carol Danvers
In July 2012, Carol Danvers, the longtime super-hero known as Ms. Marvel, assumed the mantle of Captain Marvel in an ongoing series written by Kelly Sue DeConnick with art by Dexter Soy. Danvers dons a jumpsuit and explores their own past. DeConnick said at WonderCon 2012 that their pitch for the series could be described as "Carol Danvers as Chuck Yeager". They said the series would contemplate what Captain Marvel's legend means to Danvers, how they will wield it, and how the rest of the Marvel Universe reacts.
Other versions
Ultimate Captain Marvel
The Ultimate Marvel miniseries Ultimate Secret introduces a renegade Kree who has been surgically altered to look human and sent to Earth by their people to observe its destruction by the entity Gah Lak Tus, but defects to help the humans. They wear a specially designed combat suit that is activated by their wristwatch. The Kree technology in the suit gives Mahr Vehl increased strength and allows them to fly, create energy shields, turn invisible, view different fields of the light spectrum, and fire energy blasts through the "totalkannon" located on their lower arm.
Their real name is Pluskommander Geheneris Halason Mahr Vehl. As with the Marvel Universe character of Mar-Vell, they assume the identity of Dr. Philip Lawson, a scientist working on the space program. They dated the Ultimate version of Carol Danvers. The name 'Captain Marvel' arises as a mispronunciation by General Nick Fury and Carol Danvers. Only the Falcon and Thor have bothered to learn how to pronounce their name correctly.
Ruins
In the two-issue Warren Ellis mini-series Ruins (1995), Captain Marvel is one of the many Kree prisoners, in a Kree reservation in Nevada. The reservation was placed deliberately on top of a former nuclear test site. As a result of this, the majority of the Kree are suffering from various forms of cancers and tumours including Mar-Vell who is the Kree's spokesperson. Mar-Vell gives an interview to Daily Bugle reporter Phil Sheldon regarding the failed Kree invasion of Earth. Mar-Vell recounts how their ship was made vulnerable to a nuclear strike when their cloaking and shielding was affected by cosmic radiation from a deceased Silver Surfer.
Fantastic Four: The End
In the limited series Fantastic Four: The End, the superhero formerly known as Kismet (now under the name of Ayesha) has apparently taken over the Captain Marvel mantle in the not-too-distant future.
House of M
In the alternate, mutant-dominated world created by Scarlet Witch, Carol Danvers (Ms. Marvel in mainstream continuity) uses the name Captain Marvel and is one of the few non-mutant heroes with a successful career.
Marvel Zombies
In the mini-series Marvel Zombies, Captain Marvel is seen sitting with Vulture and Hercules (both infected) waiting for Iron Man.  They are later killed by the Silver Surfer for immediate cause.
Cancerverse
In The Thanos Imperative, the main villain is an alternate version of Captain Marvel called Lord Mar-Vell. Unlike their Earth-616 counterpart, this Mar-Vell colluded with the Many-angled ones to survive their cancer by actually destroying Death via the sacrifice of its Avatar.
Amalgam Comics
In two issues of JLX and JLX: Unleashed, Captain Marvel combines with Captain Marvel to become yet another Captain Marvel, sporting the DC Comics lightning bolt uniform design but with the original green and white colors of the Marvel version.
Age of Ultron
In the Age of Ultron crossover event, Janet van Dyne becomes Captain Marvel in an alternate timeline created by the death of Henry Pym. Pym is murdered by a time-travelling Wolverine to prevent the creation of Ultron, an artificial intelligence which in a post-apocalyptic future has wiped out most of the Earth's population including most superheroes.
In other media
Marvel Cinematic Universe
Captain Marvel was released in March 2019. It was centered on the Carol Danvers version of the character portrayed by Brie Larson. The film also featured Mar-Vell played by Annette Bening and Monica Rambeau played by Akira Akbar.
Carol Danvers appeared in the films Avengers: Endgame (2019) and Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) and the miniseries Ms. Marvel.
Teyonah Parris portrays the adult version of Monica Rambeau in the miniseries WandaVision (2021).
A version of Captain Marvel appears in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness (2022), portrayed by Lashana Lynch. This version is Maria Rambeau, and is a member of the Illuminati.
Both Brie Larson and Teyonah Parris will reprise their roles as Carol Danvers and Monica Rambeau respectively in The Marvels (2023).
Games
Captain Marvel appears as a purchasable outfit in Fortnite Battle Royale.
References
Sources
Captain Marvel (Phyla-Vell) at the Appendix to the Handbook of the Marvel Universe
External links
Captain Marvel at the Marvel Universe
Captain Marvel at the Marvel Database Project
Captain Marvel Appearances in Publication Order
Captain Marvel Culture A history of the many Captain Marvels
1968 comics debuts
Characters created by Stan Lee
Comics about women
Marvel Comics adapted into films
Marvel Comics titles
Articles about multiple fictional characters
Kang Hyo-shil (10 February 1932 – 2 November 1996) was a South Korean film and stage actor.
Biography
Kang was born in Pyongyang in 1932, now the capital of North Korea. Kang's parents were Kang Hong-shik, a noted singer, and actor during the Japanese occupation period of Korea and Jeon Ok, a noted actor known as "Queen of Tears", whose excellent acting as tragic heros that evoked audiences to tears. Kang had a sister who later became a famous actor of North Korea after their parents divorced and went across to North Korea with their father.
Kang graduated from Pyongyang Jeoil High School. As having watched their mother's acting, and trained by their mother, Kang was strongly influenced by Jeon Ok. In addition, Kang was more active on stage than in film, so they were referred to as a "characteristic actor" during their lifetime. While Kang debuted with a play performed at Pyongyang National Theatre in 1946 when 17 years old, they earnestly started their career as entered Theatre Sinhyeop. During the performances produced by the Performing Arts Research Association (Geugyesul yeonguhoe), Kang met their future husband, Choi Moo-ryong, who later became a popular film actor of the 1960s and 1970s. When at the 21 years old in Korean age, Kang married Choi despite their mother's opposition. The couple debuted as film actors by starring in Kim Ki-young's 1955 film, Box of Death. Kang used a stage name, Jeon Jin-hui for the film.
Kang and Choi Moo-ryong had one son and four daughters including an actor, Choi Min-soo. However, Choi had an affair with Kim Ji-mee, the most popular actor at that time,that the marriage broke off in 1962 after trials for adultery charge and divorce. Choi soon married Kim Ji-mee but also divorced Kim after 6 years of marriage due to their debts.
Kang died of a chronic disease on 2 November 1996 and their body is buried in Cheonan, Gyeonggi province.
Filmography
*Note; the whole list is referenced.
Awards
1970, the 14th Baeksang Arts Awards : TV Best Acting (문기와 수미)
1970, Dong-A Theatre Acting Awards : Best Actress.
References
External links
1932 births
1996 deaths
People from Pyongyang
20th-century South Korean actores
Mühlbach is a creek of Hesse, Germany.
It is about 5 kilometres long and one of the headstreams of the Merkenfritzerbach (the other being the Gänsbach). Some consider the Gänsbach being the upper part of the Merkenfritzerbach and thus the Mühlbach a tributary.
See also
List of rivers of Hesse
Rivers of Hesse
Rivers of Germany
Archips paredraea is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Taiwan.
References
Moths described in 1931
Archips
Moths of Taiwan
is a train station in Shōō, Katsuta District, Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kishin Line
Railway stations in Okayama Prefecture
Elmer Ewert (born 19 September 1934) is a Canadian archer. They competed in the men's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1934 births
Living people
Canadian male archers
Olympic archers of Canada
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from St. Catharines
20th-century Canadian people
21st-century Canadian people
Luna Live is a live album by Luna released by the Arena Rock Recording Co. It was recorded at the 9:30 Club in Washington, D.C., and at The Knitting Factory in New York.
Critical reception
Spin likened the album to "Sinatra's In the Wee Small Hours remade by the Velvets."
Track listing
All lyrics by Dean Wareham, music by Luna, except where noted.
"Bewitched" – 4:38
"Chinatown" – 4:53
"Double Feature" – 4:14
"Pup Tent" – 6:00
"Sideshow by the Seashore" – 3:05
"Anesthesia" – 4:43
"Tiger Lily" – 5:03
"4000 Days" – 4:12
"Hello Little One" – 4:29
"Moon Palace" – 3:38
"Lost in Space" – 3:35
"23 Minutes in Brussels" – 7:46
"4th of July" (a Galaxie 500 cover) – 4:57
"Bonnie and Clyde" (Serge Gainsbourg) – 6:04
Track 3 mislabeled "Friendly Advice" on the CD cover.
The 2 LP vinyl release included four additional tracks:
"California" - 4:13
"Friendly Advice" - 6:14
"Bobby Peru" - 4:03
"Indian Summer" (a Beat Happening cover) - 7:07
References
External links
Arena Rock Recording Co.
Luna (1990s American band) albums
2001 live albums
Arena Rock Recording Company live albums
In geography, a bight is a concave bend or curvature in a coastline, river or other geographical feature (such as a cliff), or it may refer to a very open bay formed by such a feature. Such bays are typically broad, open, shallow and only slightly recessed.
Description
Bights are distinguished from sounds, in that sounds are much deeper. Traditionally, explorers defined a bight as a bay that could be sailed out of on a single tack in a square-rigged sailing vessel, regardless of the direction of the wind (typically meaning the apex of the bight is less than 25 degrees from the edges).
The term is derived from Old English byht (“bend, angle, corner; bay, bight”) and is not etymologically related to "bite" (Old English bītan).
Notable examples
Bay of Campeche
Bay of Plenty
Bight of Benin
Bight of Biafra or Bight of Bonny
Canterbury Bight
German Bight or Heligoland Bight
Great Australian Bight
McKenzie Bight
Mecklenburg Bight
Mid-Atlantic Bight
New York Bight
North Taranaki Bight
Robson Bight
Santa Monica Bay
South Taranaki Bight
Southern Bight
Southern California Bight
Trinity Bight, Newfoundland and Labrador
References
Bodies of water
Coastal and oceanic landforms
id:teluk
Zulueta is a locality located in the municipality of Noáin, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 291.
Geography
Zulueta is located 13km southeast of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
Wąsosze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wierzbno, south-west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Palmiry () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is located at the edge of the Kampinos Forest, approximately south-east of Czosnów, south-east of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw. In 2000 the village had an approximate population of 220.
Mass executions during German occupation of Poland
During World War II, between 1939 and 1943, the village and the surrounding forest were one of the sites of the Nazi German mass executions of Jews, Polish intelligentsia, politicians and athletes, killed during the German AB-Aktion in Poland. Most of the victims were first arrested and tortured in the Pawiak prison in Warsaw, then transferred to the execution site. In total, about 1,700 Poles were murdered there in secret executions between December 7, 1939 and July 17, 1941.
In 1946, the bodies were exhumed and reburied in a new cemetery, situated approximately 5 kilometres from the village itself. The reburial site has been a Polish national mausoleum since 1948.
References
External links
Jewish Community in Palmiry on Virtual Shtetl
Villages in Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County
Jebel Sherif (, Jabal ash Sherif) is a mountain in southeastern Libya, about 130 km southwest of Kufra. It was the site of an action during the Battle of Kufra.
References
http://www.nzetc.org/tm/scholarly/WH2-1Epi-fig-WH2-1Epi-e017a.html
Sherif
Masson's trichrome is a three-colour staining procedure used in histology. The recipes evolved from Claude L. Pierre Masson's (1880–1959) original formulation have different specific applications, but all are suited for distinguishing cells from surrounding connective tissue.
Most recipes produce red keratin and muscle fibers, blue or green collagen and bone, light red or pink cytoplasm, and dark brown to black cell nuclei.
The trichrome is applied by immersion of the fixated sample into Weigert's iron hematoxylin, and then three different solutions, labeled A, B, and C:
Weigert's hematoxylin is a sequence of three solutions: ferric chloride in diluted hydrochloric acid, hematoxylin in 95% ethanol, and potassium ferricyanide solution alkalized by sodium borate. It is used to stain the nuclei.
Solution A, also called plasma stain, contains acid fuchsin, Xylidine Ponceau, glacial acetic acid, and distilled water. Other red acid dyes can be used, e.g. the Biebrich scarlet in Lillie's trichrome.
Solution B contains phosphomolybdic acid in distilled water.
Solution C, also called fibre stain, contains Light Green SF yellowish, or alternatively Fast Green FCF. It is used to stain collagen. If blue is preferred to green, methyl blue or water blue can be substituted.
Standard applications:
Masson's trichrome staining is widely used to study muscular pathologies (muscular dystrophy), cardiac pathologies (infarct), hepatic pathologies (cirrhosis) or kidney pathologies (glomerular fibrosis). It can also be used to detect and analyze tumors on hepatic and kidney biopsies.
Variants
A common variant is Lillie's trichrome. It is often erroneously called Masson's trichrome. It differs in the dyes used, their concentrations, and the immersion times.
Another common variant is the Masson trichrome & Verhoeff stain, which combines the Masson trichrome stain and Verhoeff's stain. This combination is useful for the examination of blood vessels; the Verhoeff stain highlights elastin (black) and allows one to easily differentiate small arteries (which typically have at least two elastic laminae) and veins (which have one elastic lamina).
See also
Collagen Hybridizing Peptide, a peptide that can bind to denatured collagen in tissues
References
External links
Masson's Trichrome Protocol
Stainsfile: Masson's Trichrome
Staining
Koidu Girls Secondary School is a government-sponsored secondary school for girls located in Koidutown, Kono District, Sierra Leone. Koidu Girls Secondary School was founded in 1952 to educate the girls in Koidu Town. It is the most prominent girls secondary school in the Kono District and one of the most prominent in Sierra Leone.
Notable alumni
Khady Black, Rastafarian and Roots reggae musician
Saara Kuugongelwa, prime minister of Namibia
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20090914131832/http://www.deskgbongborkono.com/rich_text.html
Secondary schools in Sierra Leone
1952 establishments in Sierra Leone
Educational institutions established in 1952
Girls' schools in Sierra Leone
Koidu
WELB (1350 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Elba, Alabama. The station is owned by Rhett S. Snellgrove. It airs a Southern Gospel music format.
The station was assigned the WELB call letters by the Federal Communications Commission.
History
In May 2008, the Elba Radio Company (Doug Holderfield, president) reached an agreement to sell WELB to Rhett S. Snellgrove for a reported sale price of $60,000. The deal was approved by the FCC on June 13, 2008, and the transaction was consummated on July 1, 2008. At the time of the sale, WELB was broadcasting a mixed format of classic country and Southern Gospel music. After the new owner took over, it changed to a full-time Southern Gospel format.
References
External links
ELB
Southern Gospel radio stations in the United States
ELB
Coffee County, Alabama
Radio stations established in 1987
The 1971 Kingston upon Thames Council election took place on 13 May 1971 to elect members of Kingston upon Thames London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1971
1971 London Borough council elections
Buma can mean:
a Dutch surname:
Anita Buma (1958), a Dutch Antarctic researcher
Bernhard van Haersma Buma (1932-2020), Dutch politician and mayor.
Jaap-Derk Buma (1972), a Dutch field hockey player
Sybrand van Haersma Buma (1965), a CDA politician and member of parliament since 2002
Wybren Jan Buma (1910-1999), a Dutch scholar of Frisian languages and history
A pumping station of the Noordoostpolder in the Netherlands, named after a politician involved in the planning of the Zuiderzee works
Kufra Airport in Libya, which was referred to as "Buma" during World War II
Buma/Stemra, a Dutch copyright organization that oversees distribution of royalties among publishers, musicians, and writers
Buma, another name for the language better called Teanu (Solomon Islands)
Egil Pettersen (4 March 1922 – 27 November 2010) was a Norwegian philologist.
They were born in Bergen and grew up in Fana. They took the cand.philol. degree in 1950, and was a lecturer at Stockholm University, teacher at Bergen Handelsgymnasium and Bergen Teachers' College. They were hired at the University of Bergen in 1958, and was a professor of North Germanic languages from 1971 to 1989, being a scholar on medieval language. They were a member of the Norwegian Language Council from 1972 to 1991, and of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.
References
1922 births
2010 deaths
University of Bergen faculty
Norwegian philologists
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters
Norwegian expatriates in Sweden
DXEP (91.1 FM), broadcasting as 91.1 Pacman Radio, is a radio station owned and operated by JMP Mass Media Production. The station's studio is located along Yumang St., Brgy. San Isidro, General Santos.
References
External links
Radio stations in General Santos
Radio stations established in 2011
News and talk radio stations in the Philippines
Hayley Price is a British gymnast. They were born on 13 April 1966 in Wolverhampton, Staffordshire, England. They represented the United Kingdom in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
Olympic gymnasts of Great Britain
1966 births
Gymnasts at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Wolverhampton
Living people
British female artistic gymnasts
May Stock Knaggs (1847–1915) was an American suffragist, a friend of Susan B. Anthony. They were inducted into the Michigan Women's Hall of Fame.
Biography
Knaggs was born in 1847, in Penn Yan, New York, the daughter of George B. Stocking and Cornelia Ellis. In 1869 they married John Wesley. They lived the majority of their life in Bay City, Michigan. They wrote frequently in the Bay City Tribune, and was one of the first women on the Board of Education. A friend of Susan B. Anthony, the two frequently traveled together, including making a lecture tour of New York in 1894, where they gave a series of sixty speeches. The following year, they were elected president of the Michigan Equal Suffrage Association, which they would lead for two years; in addition, they chaired the press division of the National Women's Relief Corps. They corresponded frequently with Clara Arthur, and was on the boards of Michigan Industrial Home for Girls in Adrian, and of the Home Industry for Discharged Prisoners in Detroit.
References
American suffragists
1847 births
1915 deaths
The Embassy of Iceland in Ottawa, Ontario provides Icelandic diplomatic representation in Canada. The embassy is also responsible for Iceland's relations with Belize, Bolivia, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Honduras, Panama, Peru, Nicaragua, Uruguay and Venezuela.
The Consulate General in Winnipeg, Manitoba, falls within the Embassy's jurisdiction. The Icelandic Trade Representative in New York serves as Trade Representative to Canada as well.
The embassy was established in May 2001 and is located on the seventh floor of Constitution Square Tower 1, an office building in the city's downtown.
References
External links
Embassy of Iceland in Ottawa, Canada
Iceland
Ottawa
Canada–Iceland relations
The Beijing LGBT Center (北京同志中心) is a comprehensive non-profit organization dedicated to improving the living environment for LGBT people in China. The group was founded in 2008 and provides services such as an LGBT-friendly therapist network and a hotline for transgender individuals.
In 2014, the center helped Yang Teng, a gay man, prepare a case against a clinic in Chongqing that had provided them with conversion therapy that included electroshock therapy. The case was successful and also led to search engine Baidu removing listings for conversion therapy. Center employee John Shen and others went undercover for a 2015 episode of Channel 4's Unreported World exposing hospitals that provided electroshock therapy.
Other activism taken by the center has included an event where volunteers wearing blindfolds and t-shirts reading "I am gay" were filmed with their arms out, soliciting hugs from passersby to protest social media platform Weibo's planned ban on gay content. They also partnered with photographer Teo Butturini to create portraits of LGBT individuals living in China. Their research includes a 2017 survey with Peking University on the mental health of transgender Chinese people.
See also
Homosexuality in China
LGBT culture in Beijing
LGBT rights in China
References
External links
Beijing LGBT Center webpage
2008 establishments in China
Human rights in China
LGBT culture in Beijing
LGBT organizations based in China
People's Republic Of China
People's Republic of China
Organizations based in Beijing
Organizations established in 2008
Howard Robinson (born 2 October 1945) is a British philosopher, specialising in various areas of philosophy of mind and metaphysics, best known for their work in the philosophy of perception. Their contributions to philosophy include a defense of sense-datum theories of perception and a variety of arguments against physicalism about the mind. They published an alternative version of the popular Knowledge Argument in their book Matter and Sense independently and in the same year as Frank Jackson, but Robinson's thought experiment involves sounds rather than colors.  They are Professor of Philosophy at Central European University and recurring visiting professor at Rutgers University.
Education and qualifications
Robinson received their early education at the Manchester Grammar School (1957–1964), going up to the University of Oxford to read P.P.E. at Corpus Christi College (where they earned an Exhibition), graduating in 1967. They read for a research M.Phil. at the University of Nottingham (1968–1968), and continued postgraduate research at Corpus Christi College (1968–1970). In 2000 they were awarded a Ph.D. by the University of Liverpool for their published work (a "Staff Doctorate").
Positions held
After four years at Oriel College, Oxford as full-time stipendiary lecturer in philosophy (1970–1974) they took up a lectureship at the University of Liverpool. They stayed at Liverpool for twenty-six years, becoming first Senior Lecturer then reader, apart from a period as Soros Professor of Philosophy at Eötvös Loránd University, Budapest, Hungary (1994–1996). In 2000 they were appointed Professor of Philosophy at the Central European University in Hungary. In autumn 2012 they were Professor of Philosophy at Rutgers University, New Brunswick.  They are currently Professor of Philosophy at Central European University in Vienna and Budapest and recurring visiting professor at Rutgers University. They teach graduate seminars on philosophy of mind and philosophy of perception at both institutions.
Since 1996 they have been a member of the East European committee of the European Society for Analytic Philosophy (ESAP), since 1999 a member of the Steering Committee of ESAP, and since 2002 a member of the Senate of the Central European University.
Bibliography
Books
1982: Matter and Sense: a Critique of Contemporary Materialism, Cambridge Studies in Philosophy (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press)
1994: Perception (London: Routledge) [paperback 2001]
2016: From the Knowledge Argument to Mental Substance: Resurrecting the Mind (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press)
Edited collections
1985: Essays on Berkeley: a Tercentennial Celebration, co-edited with John Foster (Oxford: Clarendon Press) [paperback 1988]
1991: The Pursuit of Mind, co-edited with Raymond Tallis (Manchester: Carcanet Press)
1991: Aristotle and the Later Tradition (Oxford Studies in Ancient Philosophy, Supp. Vol. 2), co-edited with Henry Blumenthal (Oxford: Clarendon Press)
1993: Objections to Physicalism (Oxford: Clarendon Press) [paperback 1996]
1996: Berkeley's Principles and Three Dialogues (Oxford: Oxford University Press)
Articles
References
1945 births
English philosophers
Idealists
Living people
People educated at Manchester Grammar School
Alumni of Corpus Christi College, Oxford
Alumni of the University of Nottingham
Academics of the University of Liverpool
Fellows of Oriel College, Oxford
Central European University faculty
New Blackfriars people
The 1994 Georgia Bulldogs football team represented the University of Georgia during the 1994 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Bulldogs completed the season with a 6–4–1 record.
Schedule
Roster
References
Georgia
Georgia Bulldogs football seasons
Georgia Bulldogs football
East Republic Township is a township in Greene County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
East Republic Township is named after the city within its boundaries.
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Greene County, Missouri
Novio, marido y amante ( Boyfriend, husband and lover) is a 1948 Argentine comedy film, directed by Mario C. Lugones and based upon Louis Verneuil's novel Mademoiselle Ma Mere. It premiered on January 22, 1948.
The film centers on a young beautiful woman that was forced to marry with an elderly man, but now it falls in love with their son.
Cast
Enrique Serrano
Tilda Thamar
Tito Gómez
Miguel Gómez Bao
Diego Martinez
Ignacio de Soroa
Julio Renato
Alberto Terrones
Orestes Soriani
Fidel Pintos
Bordignon Olarra
Nelly Panizza
Jack O'Neill
Delia Rivier
Juan Latrónico
Renzo Zecca
Marisa Núñez
Nelly González
Susana Campos
Amelita Vargas
See also
Mademoiselle ma mère (1936)
External links
1948 films
1940s Spanish-language films
Argentine black-and-white films
Films based on works by Louis Verneuil
Remakes of French films
Argentine comedy films
1948 comedy films
1940s Argentine films
Samourais is a 2002 martial arts film starring Cyril Mourali, Jean-François Lénogue, Mai Anh Le and Yasuaki Kurata. It was directed by Giordano Gederlini and written by Matt Alexander and Alexandre Coquelle.
References
External links
2002 films
2002 action films
Martial arts films
Fodekaria is a town in the Kankan Region of Guinea.
Populated places in the Kankan Region
Richard Nott Antrim (December 17, 1907 – March 7, 1969) was an officer in the United States Navy who received the United States' highest military decoration—the Medal of Honor—for their actions as a prisoner of war during World War II. They retired in 1954 as a rear admiral.
Early life and career
Antrim was born in Peru, Indiana and entered Naval Reserve in 1926. They received an appointment to the United States Naval Academy in 1927 and graduated on June 4, 1931. They married Mary Jean Packard shortly before they graduated. They served briefly in the 11th Naval District before reporting to the battleship as fire control officer. Detached from that battleship in April 1932, they received flight instruction at the Naval Air Station (NAS), Pensacola, Florida, before serving consecutive tours of sea duty on the , and .
Subsequently, ordered to the Bethlehem Steel Corporation in Quincy, Massachusetts, Antrim assisted in fitting out and after their commissioning, served as a division officer in that heavy cruiser until the spring of 1936. After that time, they became assistant first lieutenant in before undergoing instruction in lighter-than-air (LTA) flight at NAS Lakehurst, New Jersey. Antrim subsequently received their naval aviator (LTA) designation, qualified for duty as an airship, kite, or free-balloon pilot. In the spring of 1938, Antrim arrived on the Asiatic Station and served as executive officer of before joining in December 1939, as their executive officer. The outbreak of war in the Pacific Ocean in December 1941 found Antrim still serving in that capacity.
World War II
During their brief wartime career, Pope played a significant part in three major engagements fought by the venerable Asiatic Fleet destroyers—the battles of Balikpapan, Badung Strait, and the Java Sea.
In the former, Pope delivered close-range attacks that momentarily helped to delay the Japanese landings at Balikpapan. During the action, Lieutenant Antrim selected targets for their guns and torpedoes, placing their shots accurately in the midst of a large Japanese convoy and thus inflicting damage to several enemy ships. After the Battle of Badung Strait, Pope's commanding officer, Commander Welford C. Blinn, reported that their executive officer was "highly deserving of commendation for the meritorious performance of their several duties before and throughout the action." Citing Antrim as a "ready assistant in navigation fire control, and torpedo fire," Blinn recommended them not only for a destroyer command but for a "decoration deemed appropriate." Antrim later received a Navy Cross for this service.
The Battle of the Java Sea (27 to February 28, 1942) ended all Allied hope of stemming the Japanese onslaught. In the wake of that action, the smashed Allied fleet attempted to escape the cordon of Japanese warships rapidly tightening the noose around Java. Among the small groups was one composed of the British heavy cruiser , the destroyer , and Pope.
The ships slipped out of Surabaya, Java, on the evening of February 28, but were spotted the next day by Japanese aircraft. A surface force of cruisers and destroyers located the fleeing trio, and a fierce action ensued, with Exeter and Encounter after having put up a stiff fight, going down under a deluge of Japanese shells. Pope, however, fought on, managing to make a temporary haven in a passing rain squall.
Unfortunately, the destroyer—an Asiatic Fleet flush decker "old enough to vote"—could not elude their pursuers. Ultimately, damaged by Japanese bombs, from aircraft summoned from the Japanese carrier Ryūjō, and by shells from the Japanese force, Pope began to sink, but not before all but one of their men had reached safety in life rafts and the destroyer's sole motor whaleboat. Antrim, wounded in the action, helped to gather the life rafts around the boat to facilitate the distribution of what meager supplies were available to the men. Their devotion to duty during the ordeal inspired and sustained their shipmates' morale.
Prisoner of war
For three days and nights, Pope's survivors stuck together as a group until picked up by a Japanese warship and handed over to Japanese Army authorities at Makassar, in the Celebes Islands.
During the early part of their imprisonment at Makassar in April 1942, Antrim saw a Japanese guard brutally beating an American prisoner of war, Lt.(jg) Allan Jack Fisher, (SC), and successfully intervened, at great risk to their own life. For their conspicuous act of valor, Antrim later received the Medal of Honor.
Subsequently when the Japanese forced Antrim to take charge of a labor detail assigned the task of constructing slit trenches for protection during air raids, they carefully rearranged the construction work plans approved by the Japanese and gained their approval of their own ideas. Under the eyes of their captors, the POWs dug the slit trenches correctly, but in a curious pattern recognizable from the air as a giant US which clearly and craftily identified the occupants of the trenches. This audacious action possibly saved hundreds of prisoners of war from mistaken bombings by Allied planes. Antrim carried out the plan in spite of the fact that discovery of their trick would have resulted in instant beheading. For this, Antrim received a Bronze Star.
Post-war activities
Ultimately liberated after the war in the Far East ended in August 1945, Antrim returned to the United States and enjoyed rehabilitation leave before attending the Repatriated POW Refresher Course at the Washington Navy Yard, Washington, D.C. in May 1946. They then brushed up on their pilot training at NAS Lakehurst and later completed a course at the Naval War College. Antrim—who had been listed as missing since the sinking of Pope in March 1942—received the Medal of Honor and Bronze Star Medal from President Harry S. Truman in ceremonies at the White House on January 30, 1947.
Later, following a brief stint at the Fleet Sonar School, San Diego, California, in June and July 1947, Antrim went to sea in command of the destroyer . They next underwent further instruction at NAS Lakehurst, before assuming the duties of Assistant for Lighter-than-Air Planning and Programs Office of the Chief of Naval Operations (CNO), Washington, D.C., in December 1948.
Following further Washington duty—with the Policy Advisory Staff, Department of State, and the Psychological Strategy Board—Antrim commanded the attack transport during the Korean War before returning to the capital for a brief tour of duty as Head, Amphibious Warfare Matters Section, Office of the CNO, prior to their retirement on April 1, 1954. They were advanced to rear admiral on the retired list on the basis of their combat awards.
Later life
Rear Admiral Antrim died in Mountain Home, Arkansas on March 7, 1969. They were buried at Arlington National Cemetery, in Arlington, Virginia.
Awards and decorations
Their decorations include:
Medal of Honor citation
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of their life above and beyond the call of duty while interned as a prisoner of war of the enemy Japanese in the city of Makassar, Celebes, Netherlands East Indies, in April 1942. Acting instantly on behalf of a naval officer who was subjected to a vicious clubbing by a frenzied Japanese guard venting their insane wrath upon the helpless prisoner, Comdr. (then Lt.) Antrim boldly intervened, attempting to quiet the guard and finally persuading them to discuss the charges against the officer. With the entire Japanese force assembled and making extraordinary preparations for the threatened beating, and with the tension heightened by 2,700 Allied prisoners rapidly closing in, Comdr. Antrim courageously appealed to the fanatic enemy, risking their own life in a desperate effort to mitigate the punishment. When the other had been beaten unconscious by 15 blows of a hawser and was repeatedly kicked by 3 soldiers to a point beyond which they could not survive, Comdr. Antrim gallantly stepped forward and indicated to the perplexed guards that they would take the remainder of the punishment, throwing the Japanese completely off balance in their amazement and eliciting a roar of acclaim from the suddenly inspired Allied prisoners. By their fearless leadership and valiant concern for the welfare of another, they not only saved the life of a fellow officer and stunned the Japanese into sparing their own life but also brought about a new respect for American officers and men and a great improvement in camp living conditions. Their heroic conduct throughout reflects the highest credit upon Comdr. Antrim and the U.S. Naval Service.
Posthumous honor
In 1979, the was named in their honor.
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients for World War II
References
Attribution
External links
1907 births
1969 deaths
United States Navy personnel of World War II
United States Navy personnel of the Korean War
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Naval War College alumni
Recipients of the Navy Cross (United States)
Recipients of the Bronze Lion
United States Navy Medal of Honor recipients
People from Mountain Home, Arkansas
World War II prisoners of war held by Japan
United States Naval Academy alumni
United States Naval Aviators
United States Navy rear admirals (upper half)
People from Peru, Indiana
World War II recipients of the Medal of Honor
American torture victims
The Great Plains Correctional Institution is a medium-security private prison for men, located in Hinton, Caddo County, Oklahoma, owned and operated by the GEO Group under contract with the Federal Bureau of Prisons. The facility has a maximum capacity of 1940, at medium security.
History
Great Plains opened in 1991 as the state's first private prison, a 500-bed facility financed by the town of Hinton floating a bond issue. The first client was the Federal Bureau of Prisons.
In 2000 the facility held Oklahoma prisoners; the state levied a substantial fine against Cornell Companies (the predecessor of GEO Group) for failing to performing contractual obligations related to medical care. Oklahoma kept inmates at Great Plains until April 2007 when it ended the relationship—reportedly because of costs, but also after a January incident where two convicts cut the fence, escaped and went on a brief kidnapping and auto-theft crime spree before their recapture.
Shortly afterward Arizona reached a deal to house about 2000 inmates at Great Plains. The facility was expanded in 2008 to accommodate that higher number. Arizona ended that arrangement prematurely in August 2010.
From 2010 through early 2014 the facility was empty. Federal officials again contracted to house "non-U.S. citizen criminal aliens who are deemed to be 'low-security' risks" with less than a year left to serve.
In August 2016 the Federal Bureau of Prisons announced that it was phasing out its use of all private prisons as contracts expire, indicating that the facility will close once more. In February 2017 U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions, rescinded the 2016 order by the Obama administration assuring Great Plains Correctional will continue as a Federal Bureau of Prisons facility operated by GEO Group.
References
Prisons in Oklahoma
Buildings and structures in Caddo County, Oklahoma
GEO Group
1991 establishments in Oklahoma
Sphodromantis obscura is a species of praying mantis found in Tanzania.
See also
African mantis
List of mantis genera and species
References
Obscura
Mantodea of Africa
Insects of Tanzania
Insects described in 1965
Joseph P. Connors (1862 – January 13, 1891) was a 19th-century professional baseball pitcher. They pitched for two different teams in the Union Association in .
Sources
1862 births
1891 deaths
Major League Baseball pitchers
Major League Baseball center fielders
Baseball players from Paterson, New Jersey
Altoona Mountain Citys players
Kansas City Cowboys (UA) players
19th-century baseball players
Winona Clippers players
Stillwater (minor league baseball) players
Utica Pent Ups players
Wonsees is a municipality in the district of Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.
City arrangement
Wonsees is arranged in the following boroughs:
Feulersdorf
Gelbsreuth
Großenhül
Kleinhül
Lindenmühle
Plötzmühle
Sanspareil
Schirradorf
Wonsees
Zedersitz
References
Kulmbach (district)
Regional Mexican Airplay (also referred to as Regional Mexican Songs) is a record chart published by Billboard magazine. It was established by the magazine on October 8, 1994, with "La Niña Fresa" by Banda Zeta being the first number-one song on the chart. The chart mainly focuses on musical styles originating from Mexico including Mariachi, Norteño, Banda and Duranguense as well as the Mexican American community in the United States such as Tejano. These genres are collectively referred to as "Regional Mexican" under the Latin music umbrella. This chart features only singles or tracks and like most Billboard charts, is based on airplay; the radio charts are compiled using information tracked by from Nielsen Broadcast Data Systems (BDS), which electronically monitors radio stations in more than 140 markets across the United States. The audience charts cross-reference BDS data with listener information compiled by the Arbitron ratings system to determine the approximate number of audience impressions made for plays in each daypart.
The current number one song is "Soldado Caido" by El Fantasma.
Records
Artist with the most number-one hits
Artists with the most top-ten hits
Top 10 songs of all time (1994–2021)
In 2018, Billboard magazine compiled a ranking of the 20 best-performing songs on the chart since its inception in 1994. The chart is based on the most number of weeks the song spent on top of the chart. For songs with the same number of weeks at number one, they are ranked by the most weeks in the top ten, followed by most total weeks on the chart. The list was updated in 2021.
Billboard Regional Mexican Airplay number-one songs of the year
1995: "Tú, Sólo Tú" by Selena
1996: "Un Millón de Rosas" by La Mafia
1997: "Ya Me Voy Para Siempre" by Los Temerarios
1998: "¿Porqué Te Conocí?" by Los Temerarios
1999: "Necesito Decirte" by Conjunto Primavera
2000: "El Listón de tu Pelo" by Los Angeles Azules
2001: "Y Llegaste Tú" by Banda El Recodo
2002: "No Me Conoces Aún" by Palomo
2003: "Una Vez Más" by Conjunto Primavera
2004: "Dos Locos" by Los Horóscopos de Durango
2005: "Hoy Como Ayer" by Conjunto Primavera
2006: "Aliado del Tiempo" by Mariano Barba
2007: "Dime Quién Es" by Los Rieleros del Norte
2008: "Hasta el Día de Hoy" by Los Dareyes de la Sierra
2009: "Te Presumo" by Banda El Recodo
2010: "Ando Bien Pedo" by Banda Los Recoditos
2011: "Me Encantaría" by Fidel Rueda
2012: "Llamada de Mi Ex" by La Arrolladora Banda El Limón
2013: "El Ruido de Tus Zapatos" by La Arrolladora Banda El Limón
2014: “Hermosa Experiencia” by Banda MS
2015: “Levantando Polvadera” by Voz de Mando
2016: “Solo Con Verte” by Banda MS
2017: “Regresa Hermosa” by Gerardo Ortíz
2018: “Oye Mujer” by Raymix
2019: “A Través del Vaso by Banda Los Sebastianes
2020: “Escondidos” by Banda La Adictiva
2021: “Te Volvería a Elegir” by Calibre 50
Decade-end charts
2000s: "No Me Conoces Aun" by Palomo
See also
Regional styles of Mexican music
References
General
.
Specific
External links
Current Billboard Regional Mexican Airplay chart
Billboard charts
Mexican-American culture
Regional styles of Mexican music
Palm Beach State College is a public college in Lake Worth, Florida. It is part of the Florida College System.
Palm Beach State College enrolls nearly 27,000 students in over 100 programs of study including bachelor of applied science, associate in arts and associate in science degree programs, and short-term certificates, as well as continuing education and avocational courses. In 2009, the college started its first baccalaureate program, a Bachelor of Applied Science degree in Supervision & Management.
History
Palm Beach State College was founded in 1933 as Palm Beach Junior College and was the first public junior college in the state of Florida. The Old Palm Beach Junior College Building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The college's first classes were held at Palm Beach High School in West Palm Beach. County school superintendent Joe Youngblood and Howell Watkins, principal of Palm Beach High School, who became the college's first dean, were instrumental in opening the college. The college's initial goal was to provide additional training to local high school graduates who were unable to find jobs during the Great Depression.
In 1948, Palm Beach Junior College moved to Morrison Field, a deactivated Army Air Force base, which is now Palm Beach International Airport. In 1951, the college relocated to the Lake Park Town Hall. Due to the limited availability of space at the town hall, the college had to lay off faculty and staff and cut enrollment to 200 students. During this period, Palm Beach Junior College was known as "the little orphan college." In 1955, the Palm Beach County Commission gave the college in Lake Worth, and the state legislature passed a bill providing over $1,000,000 for construction at this site. The college moved to this location, which remains its main campus, in the fall of 1956.
In 1965, Palm Beach Junior College merged with Roosevelt Junior College, which was established in 1958 under President Britton Sayles to serve African American students. In 1968, control over the college passed from the Palm Beach County school district to a board of trustees. In 1978, the college opened its Belle Glade campus. The Palm Beach Gardens campus opened in 1982. In 1983, the college opened a campus adjacent to Florida Atlantic University in Boca Raton. In 1988, the college's board of trustees changed the college's name to Palm Beach Community College.
The District Board of Trustees approved a resolution in June 2009 stating that the college's name should change in light of offering baccalaureate degrees. On September 8, 2009, the Board approved changing the name to Palm Beach State College. The new name officially took effect on January 12, 2010.
Organization
The college is part of the Florida College System.
Campus
Palm Beach State College's main campus is located in Palm Beach County, Florida. In addition to the Lake Worth campus, the largest (114 acre/51 building complex) and longest established campus (1956), the college also serves students at full-service locations in Belle Glade (1978), Palm Beach Gardens (1982), Boca Raton (1983) and Loxahatchee Groves (2017).
Academics
Palm Beach State College enrolls nearly 26,666 students in over 100 programs of study including bachelor of applied science, associate in arts and associate in science degree programs, and short-term certificates.
Enrollment
The most popular program of study is the associate in arts degree. Among associate in science degrees, the nursing program has the highest enrollment and number of graduates. In August 2009, the college started its first baccalaureate program, a Bachelor of Applied Science degree in Supervision & Management. Palm Beach State now offers three bachelor's degrees in six tracks. Information Management was added in 2011 and Nursing in 2012.
The college is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges to award the Bachelor of Science, Bachelor of Applied Science, Associate in Arts, Associate in Science and Associate in Applied Science degrees.
The Palm Beach State College truck technology program was ranked as the best in the United States in 2015.
Athletics
The college athletics teams, which are nicknamed the Panthers, compete in the Southern Conference of the Florida State College Activities Association, a body of the National Junior College Athletic Association Region 8. In 2013, the Panther baseball team were runners-up at the Alpine Bank Junior College World Series. The Panthers lost 7-3 in the National Championship Game to Central Alabama Community College.
Notable people
Administrators and faculty
Historical administrators and faculty of the college include names foundational to the history of education in Palm Beach County and Florida, as evident on buildings throughout the campus and on public schools across the county bearing their names.
In 1933, then-county school superintendent Joe A. Youngblood and then-Palm Beach High School principal Howell L. Watkins founded Palm Beach Junior College with volunteer teachers and 45 students.
More names of that ilk include the college's first and second presidents, John I. Leonard (from 1936 to 1958) and Harold C. Manor (from 1958 to 1978) respectively, and Britton G. Sayles, president and founder of Roosevelt Junior College (from 1958 to 1965). And the school's third and fourth presidents, Edward M. Eissey (from 1979 to 1997) and Dennis P. Gallon (from 1997 to 2015).
Notable faculty names include Watson B Duncan III of whom it was written: "the man who taught myth was indeed mythological". In addition to inspiring students and seeing the new theater named for him, between 1948 and 1991, Duncan taught English and speech, and was chair of the communications department.
Alumni
Among the most notable alumni of Palm Beach State College are actor Burt Reynolds, Jesper Parnevik who currently plays on the PGA Tour, soap opera actor Deidre Hall, Yolanda Griffith, an Olympic Gold Medalist and Professional Basketball Player with the WNBA, and James L. Wattenbarger who was the Architect of the Florida Community College system.
Ross Baumgarten, professional baseball player
Dante Bichette, professional baseball player
Wilson G. Bradshaw, President of Florida Gulf Coast University
Mark Brownson, professional baseball player
Crystl Bustos, Olympic gold medalist in softball
William Calley, convicted war criminal (did not graduate)
Tony Cruz, professional baseball player
Paul Dicken, professional baseball player
Tal Erel, Israel National Baseball Team player
Gar Finnvold, professional baseball player
Mark Foley, former U.S. Representative
Joe Grahe, professional baseball player
Ken Green, professional golfer
Yolanda Griffith, Olympic gold medalist and professional basketball player
Deidre Hall, television actor
David Manning, professional baseball player
Monte Markham, television and movie actor
Andy McGaffigan, professional baseball player
Bobby Muñoz, professional baseball player
Randy O'Neal, professional baseball player
Jesper Parnevik, professional golfer
Brad Peacock, professional baseball player
Judge Reinhold, television and movie actor
Sammis Reyes, Chilean basketball and American football player
Burt Reynolds, television and movie actor
Antoan Richardson, professional baseball player and coach
Lucia St. Clair Robson, historical novelist
Kevin Siegrist, professional player
Kim Swan, politician and leader of the opposition party in Bermuda
Robby Thompson, professional baseball player
James L. Wattenbarger, architect of the Florida Community College system
Charles Willeford, writer
Gareth Williams, television and movie actor
Jeff Wilpon, former Chief Operating Officer of the New York Mets
See also
List of colleges and universities in Florida
List of community colleges
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Lake Worth Beach, Florida
Educational institutions established in 1933
Florida College System
Universities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools
Universities and colleges in Palm Beach County, Florida
NJCAA athletics
1933 establishments in Florida
Muzzey may refer to:
People with the surname
David P. Muzzey (1838–1910), American lawyer.
David Saville Muzzey (1870-1965), American historian.
Kerry Muzzey (born 1970), American classical and film and television composer.
Serinçayır, Göle is a village in the District of Göle, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Göle District
Buntești () is a commune in Bihor County, Crișana, Romania with a population of 4,615 people. It is composed of nine villages: Buntești, Brădet (Biharfenyves), Dumbrăvani (Dombrovány), Ferice (Fericse), Lelești (Lelesd), Poienii de Jos (Alsópojény), Poienii de Sus (Felsőpojény), Săud (Szód), and Stâncești (Kisbékafalva).
The commune is located in the southeastern part of the county, at the foot of the Apuseni Mountains. It lies on the banks of the river Crișul Pietros. The closest city is Beiuș, to the northwest.
References
Communes in Bihor County
Localities in Crișana
Leszcz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Toruń.
The village has a population of 110.
References
Villages in Toruń County
Swami Haridas (1480—1573) was a spiritual poet and classical musician. Credited with a large body of devotional compositions, especially in the Dhrupad style, they are also the founder of the Haridasi school of mysticism, still found today in North India. Their work influenced both the classical music and the Bhakti movements of North India, especially those devoted to Krishna's consort Radha. Hit Harivansh Mahaprabhu, Hariram Vyas, Rupa Goswami, Vidyapati, Mahaprabhu Vallabhacharya, Vitthalnath (Gusainji), were their contemporaries.
Swami Haridas is a direct disciple of father of Carnatic Music Purandara Dasa of Karnataka.
They had many pupils, Tansen being one of them and one of Akbar's nine gems.
Biography
Haridas's father was a Saraswat Brahmin from Multan and that their mother's name was Chitra Mata. The family migrated to a village called Rajpur , near Vrindavan in Uttar Pradesh. Haridas was born there in 1480 and the village is now called Rajpur gram in their honor. This village holds that they died in 1575. They were discipled of Shri Ashudheer Maharaj, also their father who followed the Nimbarka Sampradaya, they are said to be the Avatar of Shri Lalita Sakhi. They were deeply learned and widely acquainted with the music of their time. Mention is found in their works of stringed instruments such as the kinnari and aghouti and of drums such as the mridang and daff. They mention the ragas of Kedar, Gauri (raga), Malhar and Basant. Swami Haridas is said to have been the teacher of Tansen, one of the nine gems of Akbar's court, and the renowned dhrupad singer and composer Baiju.
They later shifted their residence to Vrindavan, the playground of the immortal cowherd Krishna and Radha. There they built their ashram (hermitage) in Nidhivan and sang their songs of the love of Radha-Krishna. Following the example of Swami Shribhatta, Haridas continued to praise the Lord until the Lord manifested themselves as Sri Banke Bihariji. Swami Haridas' spiritual disciples included Vitthal and Krishna Das who fostered their tradition of devotional music. Groups (samaj, like the sankeertan of Bengal and the bhajana goshti of South India) of devotees came together and sang of the Lord of Vrindavan.
Their samadhi (tomb) is in Nidhivan, Vrindavan.
Songs of Swami Haridas
Haridas's compositions may be classed as Vishnupadas. Even their prabandhas that do not refer to Krishna have come to be known as Vishnupadas, perhaps because of the mystic source of their music but also because they are musically constructed in a manner similar to dhrupads.  They are also said to have written tirvats, ragamalas and other forms. There are around 128 compositions attributed to him, of which eighteen are philosophical (siddhanta pada) and a hundred and ten devotional (keli mala).
They describe Radha and Krishna's sporting:
Two beams of light are playing -
Unique their dance and music.
Ragas and raginis of heavenly beauty are born,
The two have sunk themselves in the ocean of raga.
Swami Haridas belonged to the tradition of madhura bhakti - Adoration expressed in conjugal imagery.
Haridas's theology embraces not merely the Love of Krishna and Radha but also the witnessing of the Love, a state of mind called rasa. In an ecstatic condition of trance they sing of the play of Krishna among the bowers of Vrindavan. More than Krishna, Radha was the central personality of all their poems.
They say:
Who knows of the quality of things more than Radha?
If anyone has any knowledge at all, it is by their grace.
None knows the beauty of raga, tala and dance as Radha does.
Popular culture
An annual classical music festival, Swami Haridas Sangeet Sammelan is held every year in Mumbai since 1952.
See also
Music of India
Hindustani classical music
Achintya Bheda Abheda
Nidhivan, Vrindavan
References
External links
Bankey Bhihari Temple, Vrindavan
Bankey Bhihari Temple Website
Postage stamps on Swami Haridas
People from Mathura
People from Aligarh
Performers of Hindu music
Indian Hindus
Indian male classical musicians
Bhakti movement
1478 births
1573 deaths
16th-century Indian musicians
Amcinafal (developmental code name SQ-15102), also known as triamcinolone pentanonide, is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
Corticosteroid cyclic ketals
Diketones
Diols
Fluoroarenes
Glucocorticoids
Pentanonides
Pregnanes
Zubići is a village in the municipality of Novi Travnik, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Demographics
According to the 2013 census, its population was 131.
References
Populated places in Novi Travnik
Nová Cerekev () is a market town in the Pelhřimov District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 1,100 inhabitants.
Administrative parts
Villages of Částkovice, Chmelná, Markvarec, Myslov, Proseč-Obořiště and Stanovice are administrative parts of Nová Cerekev.
Notable people
Alfréd Justitz (1879–1934), painter and illustrator
Otto Šling (1912–1952), communist politician
References
Populated places in Pelhřimov District
Market towns in the Czech Republic
Jewish communities in the Czech Republic
Shtetls
The William Franklin and Rebecca Durell House is a historic house located at 408 West 5th Street in Vermont, Illinois. Local business person William Franklin Durell and their wife Rebecca had the house built in 1872; at the time, West 5th Street was a desirable neighborhood for prominent Vermont residents known as "The Lane". The couple's house is designed in the Italianate style. Decorative porches project from the house at the front entrance and on the east side, and the house's windows are tall and narrow with segmental arched tops. The house's low hip roof features a cornice with paired brackets. A Victorian-inspired carriage house with a cross gable plan and a cupola is also part of the property.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 7, 1996.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Italianate architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1872
National Register of Historic Places in Fulton County, Illinois
Vermont, Illinois
The MOULINAKA (; Mouvement pour la Liberation Nationale du Kampuchea; Movement for the National Liberation of Kampuchea) was a pro-Sihanouk military organization formed in August 1979 by an armed group on the Thai-Cambodian border.
History
MOULINAKA was formed on August 31, 1979 by Kong Sileah, a Naval Captain during the Khmer Republic who had been in France, after they refused General Dien Del's offer to join other border warlords in forming the Khmer People's National Liberation Front (KPNLF). Sileah wanted a united organisation instead of a front, as well as a unified command structure. It was the first resistance group to pledge loyalty to Prince Norodom Sihanouk, later becoming the military wing of their FUNCINPEC party. MOULINAKA received most of its backing from French-based Cambodian exiles and its support base was in the refugee camps along the Thai-Cambodian border, principally Nong Chan Refugee Camp near Aranyaprathet. The MOULINAKA was the forerunner of the more recognized umbrella organization ANS or Armée Nationale Sihanoukiste.
Sileah died at age 45 on August 16, 1980, apparently of malaria, and paratroop colonel Nhem Sophon took over sole control of MOULINAKA. General In Tam later took charge of military operations of the ANS. They were succeeded in 1985 by Sihanouk's son, Norodom Ranariddh.
In 1992, a splinter group from the FUNCINPEC party, the MOULINAKA Nakator-Sou (Kampuchean Freedom Fighter Party) was formed by Prum Neakaareach. The party took part in the 1993 elections and won one seat in Kampong Cham but was dissolved in 1998 due to infighting.
MOULINAKA also joined Hun Sen's Cambodian People's Party (CPP) after the 1993 elections, dealing a blow to FUNCINPEC, for they had both previously fought together against the PRK/SOC Pro-Hanoi regime, and because FUNCINPEC had given the MOULINAKA a government position at their own expense.
External links
Video in French featuring MOULINAKA troops and an interview with Kong Sileah some 40 days before their death.
References
Rebel groups in Cambodia
20th century in Thailand
Military history of Cambodia
1979 in Thailand
Factions of the Third Indochina War
Military history of Thailand
Travis Ehrhardt (born April 12, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who last played for Glasgow Clan in the Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL).
Playing career
Ehrhardt spent their Junior Ice Hockey career with the Moose Jaw Warriors and Portland Winter Hawks, both of the Western Hockey League.
At the end of the 2008-09 Western Hockey League season, Ehrhardt signed an Amateur Try-Out with the Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League, for which they played 3 games during the 2008–09 season.
On July 6, 2009, Ehrhardt was signed as a free agent by the Detroit Red Wings to a three-year entry level contract. During the duration of their contract with the Red Wings, Ehrnardt played for two of the team's minor league affiliates, the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League and the Toledo Walleye of the ECHL.
Ehrhardt subsequently signed with TPS of the Finnish SM-liiga for the 2012-13 season.
During the 2013-14 season, Ehrhardt played for both the St. John's IceCaps of the American Hockey League and the Stavanger Oilers of the Norwegian GET-ligaen.
For the 2014–05 season, Ehrhardt joined the Utica Comets of the American Hockey League on a Professional Try-Out contract and was signed by the Comets to a Standard Player Contract on November 18, 2014.
On September 8, 2016, Ehrhardt was offered a PTO by Genève-Servette HC of the National League A. After a successful tryout, they were signed to a one-year contract by Geneve-Servette on September 11, 2016.
Personal information
Travis' younger brother Dallas (born July 31, 1992) currently plays Hockey with the Manchester Storm of the Elite Ice Hockey League.  They are a member of Great Britain men's national ice hockey team.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1989 births
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in England
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Finland
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Norway
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Scotland
Genève-Servette HC players
Glasgow Clan players
Grand Rapids Griffins players
HC TPS players
Ice hockey people from Alberta
KRS Heilongjiang players
Living people
Manitoba Moose players
Moose Jaw Warriors players
Portland Winterhawks players
Sportspeople from Calgary
St. John's IceCaps players
Stavanger Oilers players
Toledo Walleye players
Utica Comets players
Ware Lock (No2) is a lock on the River Lee Navigation at Ware. The lock stands adjacent to Ware Weir and is the only lock on the Navigation to be operated and maintained by the Environment Agency.
Public access
The lock stands on the River Lee Navigation towpath which forms part of the Lea Valley Walk.
Unlike most of the locks on the Lea, when travelling upstream, the temporary mooring before entering the lock is on the right-hand (starboard) side of the river, as is the mooring on leaving the lock.
Public transport
Ware railway station
References
External links
London canals-Ware Lock
Ware Lock - a history
Locks in Hertfordshire
Locks of the Lee Navigation
Ware, Hertfordshire
Diego Drumm (born 18 December 1968) is a German boxer. They competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics. At the 1988 Summer Olympics, they lost to Kirkor Kirkorov of Bulgaria.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
German male boxers
Olympic boxers of East Germany
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Leipzig
Featherweight boxers
Written records indicate that spotted hyenas have been present in the walled Ethiopian city of Harar for at least 500 years, where they sanitise the city by feeding on its organic refuse.
The practice of regularly feeding them did not begin until the 1960s. The first to put it into practice was a farmer who began to feed hyenas in order to stop them attacking their livestock, with their descendants having continued the practice. Some of the hyena men give each hyena a name they respond to, and call to them using a "hyena dialect", a mixture of English and Oromo. The hyena men feed the hyenas by mouth, using pieces of raw meat provided by spectators. Tourists usually organise to watch the spectacle through a guide for a negotiable rate. As of 2002, the practice is considered to be on the decline, with only two practicing hyena men left in Harar.
Folklore
According to local folklore, the feeding of hyenas in Harar originated during a 19th-century famine, during which the starving hyenas began to attack livestock and humans. In one version of the story, a pure-hearted man dreamed of how the Hararis could placate the hyenas by feeding them porridge, and successfully put it into practice, while another credits the revelation to the town's Muslim saints convening on a mountaintop. The anniversary of this pact is celebrated every year on the Day of Ashura, when the hyenas are provided with porridge prepared with pure butter. It is believed that during this occasion, the hyenas' clan leaders taste the porridge before the others. Should the porridge not be to the lead hyenas' liking, the other hyenas will not eat it, and those in charge of feeding them make the requested improvements. The manner in which the hyenas eat the porridge on this occasion are believed to have oracular significance; if the hyena eats more than half the porridge, then it is seen as portending a prosperous new year. Should the hyena refuse to eat the porridge or eat all of it, then the people will gather in shrines to pray, in order to avert famine or pestilence.
The hyena men are featured in the last episode Cities of the documentary series Planet Earth II by David Attenborough.
References
External links
Hyenas in Harar: The Secret Lives of Urban Hyenas in Harar, Ethiopia, WordPress.com
Hyenas
Nahur is a railway station on the Central line of the Mumbai Suburban Railway network.
Nahur railway station falls under the jurisdiction of Central Railways and it was constructed to reduce the distance (between two consecutive train stations) between and Mulund railway stations, which was quite large. Nahur has also helped in reducing the congestion in these stations, especially during the peak hours. Only slow trains halt at Nahur, as it currently doesn't have the provisions (or the need) to introduce platforms for fast trains. Nahur station was officially inaugurated on 21 April 2006.
Nahur station has been a catalyst in Bhandup's development, catering to the needs of those living in Bhandup East, as well as those near the Airoli Link road.
This is also the nearest railway station on the Central Railway connecting to Airoli in New Mumbai.
It can also be approached from Bhandup Station from either side. East and West of Nahur station are connected though the Mulund-Goregaon Link Road.
References
Railway stations in Mumbai Suburban district
Railway stations opened in 2006
Mumbai Suburban Railway stations
Mumbai CR railway division
Richard Wells is a British film, TV and games composer.
Wells began their composing career writing music for computer games in 1994, after meeting games composer Dave Punshon. They met horror film director Jake West in 1997 whilst working on computer game MIA. This led to them starting a career in film in 1998, scoring for West's first film Razor Blade Smile, an extremely low-budget film. Since then, Wells has worked on two more films with Jake West: Evil Aliens and Doghouse.
In 2002, Wells began to score music for film trailers. They have now composed for over 50 film trailers including The Grudge, Infernal Affairs, and Seven Swords.
Their recent credits include re-scoring the Thai martial arts film Ong-Bak in 2005, scoring for Mutant Chronicles in 2009, and working on Toby Whithouse's TV series Being Human.
Wells lives in the UK with their wife and two children.
References
External links
Air-Edel Associates
British film score composers
British male film score composers
Video game composers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
British television composers
Living people
Mujahid is a person engaged in jihad.
Mujahid or variant spellings may also refer to:
Places
Mujahid Colony, a neighborhood of Liaquatabad Town, Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan
Muslim Mujahid Colony, a neighborhood of Baldia Town, Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan
People
Given name
Mujāhid al-ʿĀmirī (died 1044/5), ruler of Dénia in Spain from 1014
Mujahid Abdul-Karim (born 1944), African-American Islamic scholar and leader
Mujahid Ali (born 1972), Pakistani politician
Mujahid Barelvi, Pakistani journalist
Mujahid Dokubo-Asari (born 1964), Nigerian-Beninese Ijaw activist
Mujahid ibn Jabr (645–722), early Islamic scholar
Mujahid Jamshed (born 1971), Pakistani cricketer
Mujahid Kamran (born 1951), Pakistani theoretical physicist
Mujahid Miski, Somali wanted by the FBI for terrorist activities
Mujahid Yusof Rawa (born 1964), Malaysian politician
Surname
Al-Muhtasib al-Mujahid Hamzah (died 1067), Zaidi imam in Yemen 1060–1067
Abdul Malik Mujahid (born 1951), Pakistani-American Imam
Abdullah Mujahid (born 1971), Afghan former Guantanamo inmate
Abu Bakr Ibn Mujāhid (859–936), Persian Islamic scholar
Al-Mujahid, Ayyubid emir of Homs, 1186–1240
Alamzeb Mujahid, Pakistani comedian
Basim (singer) (Anis Basim Moujahid born 1992), Danish singer
Anwar ul Haq Mujahid, Afghan resistance leader
Dhoruba al-Mujahid bin Wahad (born 1944), American writer and activist
Fazal Haq Mujahid (1954–1997), Afghan military and political leader
Jamila Mujahed, Afghan journalist
Khan Mohammad Mujahid (1961–2011), Afghan police commander
Mahmoud Abd Al Aziz Abd Al Mujahid (born 1977), Yemeni citizen held at Guantanamo for 14 years
Mehdi Mujahid (1988–2022), Afghan Hazara uprising leader
Nabil Moujahid, Danish singer
Nur ibn Mujahid, Emir of Harar, 1550–1567
Sakhi Dad Mujahid, Afghan insurgent leader
Zabiullah Mujahid, Afghan Taliban spokesperson
Zoltán Mujahid (born 1979), Pakistani-Hungarian singer and voice teacher
Media
El Moudjahid, an Algerian French-language newspaper
Mojahed, an Iranian weekly originally published from 1979 to 1981
Payam-e-Mojahed, an Iranian monthly published from 1972 to 1978
Other uses
Mujahid (horse) (foaled 1996), a Thoroughbred racehorse and sire
See also
Mujahideen (disambiguation)
Jihad (disambiguation)
Crusader (disambiguation)
Almondbank railway station served the village of Almondbank, in the Scottish county of Perth and Kinross.
History
Opened on 1 January 1858 by the Perth, Almond Valley and Methven Railway, later absorbed by the Caledonian Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. Passing on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, it was then closed to passenger traffic by the British Railways Board on 1 October 1951. The station remained open to goods traffic, servicing the local Royal Naval Workshops which had its own small branch line, connecting the site to the station. Almondbank Station was finally closed to goods traffic with the closure of the entire Perth to Crieff line on 25 January 1964.
Now a private dwelling house, the former station house is located adjacent to the A85 road bridge over the now filled in course of the railway, but a cutting on the north east side of the bridge is still clearly visible.
References
Station on navigable O.S. map
External links
Disused stations
Disused railway stations in Perth and Kinross
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1858
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1951
1858 establishments in Scotland
1951 disestablishments in Scotland
Former Caledonian Railway stations
Sir Alan Campbell (born 8 July 1957) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Tynemouth since 1997. They were appointed as Chief Whip of the Labour Party in May 2021.
Early life
Campbell was born in Consett and went to Blackfyne Grammar School in the town before attending Lancaster University where they were awarded a BA in politics. They then gained a PGCE at the University of Leeds, before finishing their education at Newcastle Polytechnic with an MA in history. They began their career as a history teacher at Whitley Bay High School in 1981; after eight years there became head of the sixth form at Hirst High School, Ashington, then head of department, where they remained until they were elected to the House of Commons.
Parliamentary career
They contested the Conservative-held marginal constituency of Tynemouth at the 1997 general election where they defeated Martin Callanan by 11,273 votes. They made their maiden speech on 2 June 1997. Following their election, Campbell was a member of the public accounts select committee for the duration of their first parliament. After the 2001 general election they became the Parliamentary Private Secretary (PPS) to the Minister of State at the Cabinet Office Gus Macdonald, and in 2003 became the PPS to Adam Ingram at the Ministry of Defence. They entered the government of Tony Blair after the 2005 general election as an assistant whip, being promoted to a full whip in 2006. On 5 October 2008, Campbell was promoted to the Home Office as a Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State.
At the 2010 general election, Campbell was one of the very few Labour MPs re-elected by an increased majority. After Ed Miliband was appointed party leader, they were appointed Deputy Chief Whip of the Labour Party, serving under Rosie Winterton as Chief Whip.
They became the new Chief Whip of the Labour Party in the May 2021 shadow cabinet reshuffle.
Voting record
In Parliament, Campbell has not broken the Labour Party whip and voted in favour of committing UK troops to the Iraq war.
As a member of the government, they supported proposals for foundation hospitals, top-up fees for students, identity cards, and renewing Trident missiles. With regard to issues on which there was no whip, Campbell supported equal gay rights, legal restrictions on hunting foxes with hounds, and a partially elected House of Lords.
More recently, they opposed raising the tuition fee cap to £9,000 and the government's education proposals on academies and free schools.
Expenses
Campbell was not found to have misappropriated any funds by the Legg inquiry in 2010.
Personal life
They married Jayne Lamont in August 1991 in Newcastle upon Tyne and they have a son, James (born September 1995), a daughter, Emily (born September 1993). In May 2000, they had an operation at Newcastle General Hospital to remove a benign tumour from the top of their spine.
They were knighted as Knight Bachelor in the 2019 New Year Honours List.
References
External links
Alan Campbell MP official site
Alan Campbell Profile at New Statesman
IPSA -The Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
UK MPs 2010–2015
UK MPs 2015–2017
Alumni of the University of Leeds
Alumni of Lancaster University
Alumni of Furness College, Lancaster
Alumni of Northumbria University
1957 births
Living people
People from Consett
People educated at Consett Grammar School
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
UK MPs 2017–2019
Knights Bachelor
Politicians awarded knighthoods
UK MPs 2019–present
This is a list of comics-related events in 2021. It includes any relevant comics-related events, deaths of notable comics-related people, conventions and first issues by title.
Events
January
January 15: A rejected Tintin cover for the album The Blue Lotus is auctioned and sold for the record prize of 3.2 million euros (2.8. a million British pounds).
February
February 18: The Tintin shop in Lissabon, Portugal, is forced to close its doors forever, because of the ongoing COVID-19 lockdown measures.
March
March 4: Japanese publisher Kodansha prints a 15-meter (49-foot) tall version of an Attack on Titan album. It breaks a record as the largest comic book of all time.
March 8:
Hergé's estate, Moulinsart, sues artist Xavier Marabout for copyright infringement, since they use The Adventures of Tintin characters in their paintings. They later wins their case.
87-year-old comic artist José Delbo sells Wonder Woman artwork as a non-fungible token for $1.85 million during a crypto auction, in collaboration with the Italian Hackatao duo.
March 9: Gerben Valkema, best known for the comic strip Elsje, wins the Stripschapprijs.
April
April 6: A rare copy of Action Comics 1 (the first Superman comic) is auctioned for a record sale of $3.25 million at ComicConnect.com.
April 29: After 40 years, Steve Bell's long-running political comic strip If... comes to an end.
June
June 8: DC releases DC Pride, its first anthology series focusing on LGBTQ+ characters.
June 9:
In Spain more than 300 comics artists protest and boycott the annual Barcelona International Comic Fair, because the winner of the Grand Prix is Antonio Martin, who is not a comics writer or artist, but a comics historian and publisher.
In Noordwijk, The Netherlands, the MoCA (Museum of Comic Art), Noordwijk opens its doors to the general public.
June 27: In Nieuw-Vossemeer, The Netherlands, a bench with a mosaic drawing depicting the comic characters Bulletje en Boonestaak is revealed to the public.
June 28: Studio Jan van Haasteren wins the annual P. Hans Frankfurtherprijs. The award is given to Jan van Haasteren and their two co-workers Rob Derks and Dick Heins.
July
A revival of the weekly political-satirical gag comic spin-off of Jean Tabary's Iznogoud is launched as a webcomic series on the website La Vie Française. The new scriptwriter is Olivier Andrieu and the artist Elric.
August
August 12: DC Comics announces that Robin will be outed as bisexual in an upcoming comic book story of Batman: Urban Legends, which features alternative storylines about Batman.
September
September 9:
A copy of the first issue of Spider-Man is sold for the record-breaking prize of 3.6 million dollars.
A scandal breaks out in Ontario, Canada, when it is revealed that in 2019 30 schools have burned or removed 5,000 children's books, novels, encyclopedias and comics, for depicting "prejudice against indigenous peoples."
September 17:
In Anderlecht, Belgium, Hotel Yooma opens its doors: the first hotel dedicated to Franco-Belgian comics.
In Charleroi, Belgium, a statue of Gaston Lagaffe is inaugurated at the Green Place.
October
October 11: DC Comics announces that Jon Kent, the 17-year-old son of Superman, will be outed as bisexual in an upcoming comic book story.
Deaths
January
January 1: Norbert Morandière, aka Norma, French comics artist (Capitaine Apache, Souveniers de la Pendule, Hazel et Ogan), dies at age 74.
January 8: Steve Lightle, American comics artist (Doom Patrol, continued Legion of Super-Heroes), dies at age 61 from cardiac arrest, brought on by COVID-19.
January 15: Liz Berube, American comics artist and colorist, known for romance comics, dies at age 78.
January 21:
Henryk Chmielewski, aka Papcio Chmiel, Polish comics artist, illustrator and journalist (Tytus, Romek i A'Tomek), dies at age 97.
Jean Graton, French comics writer and artist (Michel Vaillant, Julie Wood) and publisher (Éditions Graton), dies at age 97.
January 24: Marcel Uderzo, French comics artist (Les Mémoires de Mathias, drew a comic strip based on The Twelve Tasks of Asterix, assisted on their brother Albert Uderzo's Tanguy et Laverdure and Astérix), dies at age 87.
February
February 4: Vlastimil Zábranský, Czech painter, visual artist and comics artist, dies at age 84.
February 7:
Oscar González Loyo, Mexican animator and comics artist (Karmatrón y Los Transformables), dies at age 61.
S. Clay Wilson, American underground comix artist (The Checkered Demon, Captain Pissgums and Their Pervert Pirates), dies at age 79.
February 8: Jean-Claude Carrière, French novelist, actor, screenwriter and comics writer (wrote comics for Bernard Yslaire and Pierre Étaix ), dies at age 89.
February 13: George Mandel, American writer and comics artist (The Woman in Red, comics for Better Publications), dies at age 101.
February 16: Si Spencer, British TV writer and comics writer (Harke & Burr, The Creep, wrote for Judge Dredd), dies at age 69 or 70.
February 19: Leopold Lippens, Belgian politician (namesake of the Leopold Lippens Prize at the Comics Festival of Knokke-Heist), dies at age 79.
March
March 2: Claude Lacroix, aka Tartemption, Alias, French comics artist and illustrator (Farfelune, Yann Le Migrateur, Fariboles Sidérales, Cyann), dies at age 76.
March 7: Frank Thorne, American comics artist (Red Sonja, Dr. Guy Bennett/ Dr. Duncan, Moonshine McJugs), dies at age 90.
March 18: Picanyol, Spanish comics artist (Ot el bruixot, L'Illa Perduda), dies at age 73.
March 19: Gary Leib, American cartoonist, musician and animator (Idiotland) dies at age 65–66.
March 27: Chris Yambar, American comics writer (SpongeBob Squarepants comics, The Simpsons comics, revival of The Yellow Kid) and artist (Mr. Beat), dies at age 59.
March 30: Gonzalo Mayo, Peruvian comics artist (worked for Eerie and Vampirella), dies at age 81.
April
April 5:
Joye Hummel, American comics writer (Wonder Woman), dies at age 97.
Frank Jacobs, American comics writer (Mad Magazine), dies at age 91.
April 7: Michel Koeniguer, French comics artist (The Bridge, Bomb Road, Misty Mission, Berlin sera notre tombeau), dies at age 49.
April 18: Cor Blok, Dutch illustrator and comics artist (The Iron Parachute), dies at age 87.
May
May 1: John Paul Leon, American comic book artist (Static, Earth X, The Winter Men), dies at age 49.
May 2: Pieter Aspe, Belgian novelist and comics writer (wrote comics in collaboration with cartoonists like Kim Duchateau, Marec, Merho and Patrick van Oppen ), dies at age 68.
May 6: Kentaro Miura, Japanese comics/manga artist (Berserk), dies at age 54 from aortic dissection.
May 10: Marc Daniëls, Belgian comics writer and artist (Stam & Pilou, various celebrity comics) and co-founder of Studio Max!, dies at age 62 from COVID-19.
May 18: Esegé, Spanish comics artist (Gustavo, el de la Calle del Diecinueve, Tito Sidecar, El Dinosaurio Jeremías), dies at age 63.
May 19: David Anthony Kraft, American comics writer (Marvel Comics), critic (David Anthony Kraft's Comics Interview, Comics Revue) and publisher, dies at age 68.
May 21: Ploeg, Belgian cartoonist and comic artist (Prosper), dies at age 85.
May 28: Benoît Sokal, Belgian comics artist (Inspector Canardo), dies at age 66.
June
June 1: Bunny Matthews, American comic artist (Vic and Nat'ly), dies at age 70.
June 5: André Beckers, Belgian comic artist (La Patrouille des Aigles, Lieutenant Tompson, assisted on Buck Danny), dies at age 93.
June 13: Nikita Mandryka, French comics artist (Le Concombre Masqué, Les Clopinettes) and publisher (co-founder of L'Écho des Savanes), dies at age 80.
June 14: Tuono Pettinato, Italian comics writer and illustrator (Garibaldi. Resoconto veritiero delle sue valorose imprese, a uso delle giovini menti), dies at age 44.
June 18: Asher Dikstein, Israeli comic artist (The Spaceship of Time, Mysteries of the Lost Continent), dies at age 77 or 78.
June 23: Walli, Belgian children's book illustrator and comic artist (Kommerkat, Cosmic Connection, Gil Sinclair, continued Modeste et Pompon and Chlorophylle), dies at age 69.
July
July 5:
Richard Donner, American film director and comics writer (co-wrote Superman stories with Geoff Johns and Adam Kubert), dies at age 91.
Danny Shanahan, American cartoonist (worked for The New Yorker), dies at age 64.
July 14: Kurt Westergaard, Danish cartoonist (Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy), dies at age 86.
July 24: Carlos Romeu Müller, Spanish comics artist (Miguelito), dies at age 73.
July 25: Henri Vernes, Belgian novelist and comics writer (wrote the scripts to comic book adaptations of their own novel series Bob Morane), dies at age 102.
July 31: Martin Perscheid, German comics artist (Perscheids Abgründe), dies at age 55.
August
August 14: Enzo Facciolo, Italian animator and comics artist (Clint Due Colpi, worked on Diabolik), dies at age 89.
August 19: Raoul Cauvin, Belgian comics writer (Les Tuniques Bleues, Sammy, Agent 212, Les Femmes en Blanc, Pierre Tombal, Cédric, Cupidon, Pauvre Lampil, Les Psy, Taxi Girl, Le Vieux Bleu, Les Voraces, also wrote stories for Natacha and Spirou et Fantasio), dies at age 82.
August 24: Charlie Watts, British rock drummer (The Rolling Stones) (made comic strips for their band's U.S. tour program and the back sleeve of their album Between the Buttons), dies at age 80.
September
September 3: Henriette Valium, Canadian painter and comics artist, dies at age 62.
September 21: Nico Visscher, Dutch cartoonist and comics artist (De Wolken, Korrel), dies at age 88.
September 24:
Gomaa Frahat, Egyptian political cartoonist, dies at age 80.
Ota, Brazilian comics writer, comics artist, cartoonist and publisher (Os Birutas, worked for the Brazilian edition of Mad Magazine), dies at age 67.
Takao Saito, Japanese comics/manga artist (Golgo 13, Kage Gari, Barom-1), dies from pancreatic cancer at age 84.
September 27: hugOKÉ, Belgian cartoonist and comics artist (Belgman, Eddy Sterk Wint... De Spelen, Reynaert de Vos), dies at age 82.
October
October 17: Robin Wood, Paraguayan-Argentine comics writer (Nippur de Lagash, Dago, Gilgamesh el inmortal,...), dies at age 77.
November
November 2: André Osi, Belgian comic artist (Horizon Blanc, Napoléon), dies at age 62.
December
December 4: Nico van Welzenes, Dutch painter and comic artist (Peter Pik, Superlul), dies at age 85.
December 8: Mitsutoshi Furuya, Japanese comic artist (Dame Oyaji, Bar Lemon Heart), dies at age 85.
December 9: Don Asmussen, American comics artist (The San Francisco Strip, Bad Reporter, Super Average Joe), dies at age 59 from brain cancer.
December 11: Hiroshi Hirata, Japanese comic artist, dies at age 84.
December 18: Gérald Forton, Belgian-American comic artist (Kim Devil, continued Bob Morane, He-Man, Masters of the Universe newspaper comic), dies at age 90.
Exhibitions and shows
August 28, 2021 – February 20, 2022: "Miné Okubo's Masterpiece: The Art of Citizen 13660" (Japanese American National Museum, Little Tokyo, Los Angeles)
September 15 – December 8: "Legends: An Exploration of Contemporary Storytelling from Frame to Experience" (Bradbury Art Museum, Arkansas State University, Jonesboro, Arkansas)—exhibition with original art by such creators as JooYoung Choi, Michelle Czajkowski, Peter Kuper, Josh Neufeld, Trina Robbins, and Eric Shanower.
November 13, 2021 – May 8, 2022: "Dark Laughter Revisited: The Life and Times of Ollie Harrington" (Billy Ireland Cartoon Library & Museum, Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio)
Conventions
August
August 21–22: Brooklyn Comic Con (Brooklyn Navy Yard, Brooklyn, NY)—held outdoors for health & safety reasons; second day canceled due to threatened hurricane
September
September 25–26: Big Apple Comic Con (Wyndham New Yorker Hotel, New York City)—Celebrity guests: Jason David Frank, Vic Mignogna, Sarah Natochenny. Comics guests: Jim Shooter, Billy Tucci, Keith Williams, Amanda Conner, Jimmy Palmiotti, Reilly Brown. Silver Anniversary show; workshops by The Kubert School
October
October 7–10: New York Comic Con (Jacob K. Javits Convention Center, New York City)
October 22–24: Baltimore Comic-Con (Baltimore Convention Center, Baltimore, Maryland)
References
Comics
Mass media timelines by year
This is a list of live action bisexual characters in television (includes TV movies and web series). The orientation can be portrayed on-screen, described in the dialogue or mentioned. Roles include lead, main, recurring, supporting, and guest.
The names are organized in alphabetical order by the surname (i.e. last name), or by a single name if the character does not have a surname.
Bisexual characters
Female
Male
See also
Bisexual community
Bisexual Book Awards
Lists of bisexual people
Bi Any Other Name: Bisexual People Speak Out
List of dramatic television series with LGBT characters: 1960s–2000s
List of dramatic television series with LGBT characters: 2010s
List of dramatic television series with LGBT characters: 2020s
List of comedy television series with LGBT characters
List of made-for-television films with LGBT characters
List of soap operas with LGBT characters
List of reality television programs with LGBT cast members
List of LGBT characters
Notes
References
Parenthetical
Further reading
Bisexuality-related lists
Bisexuality-related mass media
Lists of character lists
Lists of entertainment lists
Bisexual in television
Bisexual characters
LGBT
LGBT
The Saint Kitts and Nevis women's national football team is the national women's football team of Saint Kitts and Nevis and is overseen by the St. Kitts and Nevis Football Association.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2022
Coaching staff
Managerial history
Earl Jones (2020–2021)
Jené Baclawski (2021–present)
Players
Current squad
The following players were called-up for the match against the United States Virgin Islands on 12 April 2022.
Caps and goals are updated as of 4 February 2020 after the match against .
Recent call ups
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
CONCACAF W Championship record
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
References
External links
FIFA Team Profile
SKN FA Website
Caribbean women's national association football teams
women
Raymond "Ray" Owen (birth registered third ¼ 1940 – 5 February 2006) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1960s, and a chairperson of the 1980s and 1990s. They played at club level for Widnes and Wakefield Trinity (Heritage № 694), as a , i.e. number 7, and they were chairperson for Widnes from 1987 to 1991.
Background
Ray Owen's birth was registered in Prescot district, Lancashire, England, and they died aged 65 in Widnes, Cheshire, England.
Playing career
Championship Final appearances
Ray Owen played , scored a try, and was man of the match winning the Harry Sunderland Trophy, in Wakefield Trinity's 21-9 victory over St. Helens in the Championship Final replay during the 1966–67 season at Station Road, Swinton on Wednesday 10 May 1967, and scored two tries in the 17-10 victory over Hull Kingston Rovers in the Championship Final during the 1967–68 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 4 May 1968.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Ray Owen played in Widnes' 13-5 victory over Hull Kingston Rovers in the 1963–64 Challenge Cup Final during the 1963–64 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 9 May 1964, in front of a crowd of 84,488, and played in Wakefield Trinity's 10-11 defeat by Leeds in the 1968 Challenge Cup "Watersplash" Final during the 1967–68 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 11 May 1968, in front of a crowd of 87,100.
County Cup Final appearances
Ray Owen played in Wakefield Trinity's 18-2 victory over Leeds in the 1964 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1964–65 season at Fartown Ground, Huddersfield on Saturday 31 October 1964.
Club career
Ray Owen made their début for Wakefield Trinity during August 1964, and they played their last match for Wakefield Trinity during the 1968–69 season, they appear to have scored no drop-goals (or field-goals as they are currently known in Australasia), but prior to the 1974–75 season all goals, whether; conversions, penalties, or drop-goals, scored 2-points, consequently prior to this date drop-goals were often not explicitly documented, therefore '0' drop-goals may indicate drop-goals not recorded, rather than no drop-goals scored.
Rugby league career
Ray Owen was chairperson of Widnes during the glory years of the 1980s, and was still involved, as chairperson of the Widnes Past Players Association, up to their death.
Genealogical information
Ray Owen was the son of the rugby league footballer Harry Owen, and Margaret (née Leather, birth registered during third ¼ 1912 in Prescot district), the younger brother of the rugby league footballer for Widnes, and Liverpool City, Harry Owen, Jr. (birth registered during fourth ¼ 1932 in Prescot district), and the older brother of Christine Owen (birth registered during first ¼ in Prescot district), and David Owen (birth registered during second ¼ in Prescot district)
References
External links
Search for "Owen" at rugbyleagueproject.org
Ex-Vikings chief dies
Football: Ray Was a True Great; Tributes Pour in for Popular Widnes Chief
Football: Ray Was a True Great; Tributes Pour in for Popular Widnes Chief
Rugby Cup Final 1968
1940 births
2006 deaths
English rugby league players
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league players from St Helens, Merseyside
Wakefield Trinity players
Widnes Vikings players
Richard "Dick" Horace Battin (March 3, 1925 – February 8, 2014) was an American engineer, applied mathematician and educator who led the design of the Apollo guidance computer during the Apollo missions during the 1960s.
Battin was born on March 3, 1925, in Atlantic City, New Jersey to Martha Scheu and Horace L. Battin.
Battin began their career in 1951, serving as the assistant director of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's (MIT) Instrumentation Laboratory. Battin left the laboratory in 1956, becoming a senior staff member at Arthur Little Inc., but returned to MIT's Instrumentation Laboratory in 1958. They subsequently became the technical director of the Apollo Mission Development program, as well as associate director of the laboratory. Under Battin's leadership, their team created the analytic and software design of the navigation, guidance and control systems for each of the Apollo spaceflights, making the lunar landing of Apollo 11 possible. In 1973, the MIT Instrumentation Laboratory became the Charles Stark Draper Laboratory Inc., where Battin served as the associate head of the NASA Program Department. After their retirement from Draper in 1987, Battin continued to teach at MIT, where they were a senior lecturer in the Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics until 2010.
Battin was noted for their teaching abilities, especially for their work in teaching, mentoring and inspiring many of the leaders in the world's guidance, navigation and control community. Three of the Apollo astronauts were their graduate students. To honor their teaching abilities, the students of MIT's Aeronautics and Astronautics Department honored Battin with their first Undergraduate Teaching Award in 1981.
In addition to being a Honorary Fellow of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA), Battin was also a Fellow of the American Astronautical Society (AAS), a member of the National Academy of Engineering, and a member of the International Academy of Astronautics. Battin's many honors include the 1972 AIAA Louis W. Hill Space Transportation Award, the 1978 AIAA Mechanics and Control of Flight Award, the 1989 AIAA von Kármán Lectureship in Astronautics, the 2002 AIAA Aerospace Guidance, Navigation and Control Award, and the 1996 AAS Dirk Brouwer Award.
An MIT professor in later life, their lecture, "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Moon", is available through the MIT Open Courseware program.
References
1925 births
2014 deaths
American electrical engineers
MIT School of Engineering faculty
NASA people
People from Atlantic City, New Jersey
Engineers from New Jersey
They Stooge to Conga is a 1943 short subject directed by Del Lord starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges (Moe Howard, Larry Fine and Curly Howard). It is the 67th entry in the series released by Columbia Pictures starring the comedians, who released 190 shorts for the studio between 1934 and 1959.
Plot
The Stooges are incompetent and dim-witted repairmen fixing the doorbell of a large house, which, unbeknownst to them, is the secret headquarters of a group of Nazi agents, headed by the ruthless Hans (Vernon Dent). They manage to disembowel not only the wiring of the walls and destroy most of the house as they work but also totally confuse the city telephone wire system! Moe and Larry then subdue Hans and their Japanese cohort, assume their wardrobes (emulating Adolf Hitler and Hideki Tojo) and ultimately sink their submarine by remote control. With the spies trapped, the Stooges proceed to beat them all up.
Cast
Credited
Moe Howard as Moe
Larry Fine as Larry
Curly Howard as Curly
Uncredited
Vernon Dent as Hans
Dudley Dickerson as Chef
Fern Emmett as Marsha
Stanley Brown as Bomber pilot
Frederick Giermann as U-Boat captain
Robert Stevens as Telephone Customer
Lloyd Bridges as Telephone Customer
John Tyrrell as Telephone Customer / Nazi spy
Christine McIntyre as Female Telephone Customer
Julie Duncan as Female Telephone Customer
Eddie Laughton as Radio announcer (voice)
Charles Sherlock as 1st saboteur
Dick Jensen as 2nd saboteur
Anna Woods as Mlle. Zora
Donald Will as Japanese officer
Production notes
They Stooge to Conga was filmed May 6–9, 1942. The film title is a parody of the 18th-century play They Stoop to Conquer.
The doorbell repair segment was reworked with Shemp Howard in 1952's Listen, Judge. The footage of the submarine jumping out of the water was recycled from Three Little Sew and Sews. A similar gag was used in the 2012 film The Three Stooges where Larry (Sean Hayes) is wearing a sandwich board.
A young Lloyd Bridges appears as "Telephone Customer #2" in one of their last uncredited roles.
This is the third Stooges short where Moe plays a parody of Adolf Hitler; the first two, with Moe portraying "Moe Hailstone" as the Hitler parody role in both, were You Nazty Spy! and its sequel I'll Never Heil Again, neither of which had any connection to this short.
This entry also marked the second time Curly says the word, "sabatoogie", a mispronouncing of "sabotage"; the first time was in 1942's Loco Boy Makes Good.
Violence
They Stooge to Conga has been frequently ranked as the most violent Stooge film of the Curly Howard era (1934–1947). DVD Talk critic Stuart Galbraith IV writes that, in its brief 15½ minutes, the film "offers several startling moments, none more gleefully sadistic as when Curly, scaling an electrical pole, within a few seconds manages to puncture the top of Moe's head, an eye, and an ear with a climbing spike, all with cringe-inducing 'ker-CHUNK' sound effects." Moe also gets pulled through lath and plaster, with a real wooden pillar unintentionally landing on their neck. Curly gets their share of abuse, via electrocution, falling off a telephone pole, severe nose twisting, and getting signed via an acetylene torch.
Although Columbia short subject head/director Jules White was known for the use of extreme violence in their films, They Stooge to Conga was directed by Del Lord. "We had trouble pulling Moe all the way through the wall," White later recalled. "Since Moe was a full grown man, we weakened the wall and the wood inside and then replastered the wall."
Notable violent gags
When the trio first enter the house, Moe and Larry try to enter the house simultaneously. They are wedged in the doorway, and get thrust out when Curly comes up from behind with the point of an anvil as a gouge.
When Curly is pulling a wire out of a wall they pull out a ringing phone. They answer it, says "This line is busy" and throws it away, hitting Moe in the head. Moe throws it back in retaliation, hitting Curly in the head as Moe smiles smugly.
When Moe is pulled through the wall by Larry and Curly, an actual 2x4 made of solid wood crashed onto Moe's neck.
When Moe twists Curly's nose with a tool, they use a grinding wheel to file it back into shape.
As Moe and Larry assist Curly up a telephone pole, Curly accidentally impales Moe in their scalp, eye and ear with a climbing spike on the bottom of their shoe. These spike gags are almost certainly the main source of the short's reputation as excessively violent.
When Curly is halfway up the telephone pole, Moe burns the rear end of Curly with a flame torch to get them all the way up.
After Curly drops a wrench, it lands on Moe's head, bouncing into Larry's hand. Moe uses the wrench on Larry's nose while hitting them in the throat.
Curly shocks themselves when they try to straighten a wire. They shock themselves again when they go to test the connection.
When Curly gets zapped via several telephone pole wires, they lose their grip and falls to the sidewalk, landing on Moe and Larry below.
While Curly is "charged like a battery," Moe places a light bulb in Curly's ear, which lights up. To short them out, Larry places a screwdriver in Curly's opposite ear, bursting the light bulb.
As Curly is sliding on electrical wires, they get a shock, which pushes them through an open window.
As the Nazi spies' cook (Dudley Dickerson) is talking on the phone, the phone explodes in their face due to Curly's manipulating the electrical wires. The startled cook then backs away from the phone, right into an open waffle iron. The iron closes on the cook's buttocks, leading the cook to think they are being attacked by someone.
When Moe takes a hammer, they hit Larry from behind, then thrusts it into Curly's mouth. Curly, in turn, bonks Moe with their own hammer 20 times in rapid succession.
References
External links
They Stooge to Conga at threestooges.net
1943 films
1943 comedy films
Cultural depictions of Adolf Hitler
The Three Stooges films
American black-and-white films
American World War II films
Films directed by Del Lord
Columbia Pictures short films
American comedy films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Zawady is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Vicente Ten Oliver (born 19 April 1966) is a Spanish politician. They were elected in the 2015 general election to the Congress of Deputies for the electoral district of Valencia for the Citizens party.
In July 2015 Ten was elected as the number one the list for the Citizens party for the electoral district of Valencia. They received 455 votes while their opponent, Vicente Raga, received 366.
References
1966 births
Citizens (Spanish political party) politicians
Living people
Members of the 11th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 12th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 13th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
The Thy Line () is a long standard gauge single track railway line in Denmark which runs between Struer and Thisted through the historical region of Thy.
The railway opened in 1882. It is owned and maintained by Rail Net Denmark and served with passenger trains by Arriva and the Danish State Railways (DSB). The Thy Line runs north from Struer, crossing the Limfjord on a long bascule bridge, the Oddesund Bridge. From Oddesund the line cuts through the peninsula of Thyholm and continues through Thy to reach Thisted.
External links
Banedanmark – government agency responsible for maintenance and traffic control of most of the Danish railway network
DSB – the largest Danish train operating company
Arriva – British multinational public transport company operating bus and train services in Denmark
Danske Jernbaner – website with information on railway history in Denmark
References
Notes
Bibliography
Railway lines in Denmark
Railway lines opened in 1882
1882 establishments in Denmark
The 1991 Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft was the eighth season of premier German touring car championship and also sixth season under the moniker of Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft. The season had twelve rounds with two races each.
Teams and drivers
{|
|
Schedule and results
Championship standings
{|
|
References
Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters seasons
1991 in German motorsport
Homotropus elegans is a species of wasp in the family Ichneumonidae. It is found from Europe to Iran.
References
Diplazontinae
Insects described in 1829
The Films, Videos, and Publications Classification Act 1993 is an Act of Parliament in New Zealand.
It repealed the Indecent Publications Act 1963, the Films Act 1983 and the Video Recordings Act 1987.
In 2015, the book Into the River was briefly placed under an interim restriction order under the Act, banning it completely from being sold or supplied.
See also
Censorship in New Zealand
References
External links
Text of the Act
Statutes of New Zealand
1993 in New Zealand law
Censorship in New Zealand
Media content ratings systems
"There Is No Ending" is a song by Scottish post-folk indie band Arab Strap. It was first released on Arab Strap's 2006 album, The Last Romance, and later as a 7" single limited to 1000 copies, both released in 2006 on Chemikal Underground.
Track listing
Songs and lyrics by Aidan Moffat and Malcolm Middleton.
7" (CHEM094)
"There Is No Ending" – 4:09
"The First Big Weekend (Four Tet remix)" – 4:43
Promo CD (PCHEM094CD)
"There Is No Ending" – 4:09
Personnel
Aidan Moffat – vocals
Malcolm Middleton – guitar
Alan Wylie – trumpet
Jenny Reeve – violin
Andrew Savage – vocals
Geoff Allan – vocals, producer
Jon McCue – vocals
Paul Savage – producer
Notes
External links
"There Is No Ending" on Last.fm
2006 singles
2005 songs
Fort L'Huillier (sometimes spelled Le Hillier) was a short-lived fortification in New France located near the confluence of the Blue Earth and Le Sueur Rivers in what is now Minnesota.
The garrison, which originally held about 30 men, was built beginning in the autumn of 1700 under the direction of Pierre-Charles Le Sueur, a French trader and explorer interested in mining a blue clay that they thought was copper ore. It was named in honor of a metallurgical assayer, Rémy-François L'Huillier.
Le Sueur left the fort in 1701 to take samples to New Orleans for further analysis. While they were gone, however, the fort was apparently attacked and abandoned by 1702, and no more was heard of the remaining men. In addition, the blue clay was found to be worthless, not the copper ore Le Sueur had hoped.
The fort was southwest of the present city of Mankato (from "mah kato: "blue earth" in the Sioux language). Its exact location is unknown, although attempts have been made to find it.
References
Infrastructure completed in 1701
Buildings and structures in Blue Earth County, Minnesota
L'Huillier
L'Huillier
1700 establishments in the French colonial empire
1701 establishments in the French colonial empire
Hatzfeld (Eder) is a small town in Waldeck-Frankenberg district in Hesse, Germany.
Geography
Location
Hatzfeld lies in west Hesse 25 km northwest of Marburg and north of the Sackpfeife (674 m-high mountain) in the valley of the Eder.
Neighbouring communities
Hatzfeld borders in the north and east on the town of Battenberg (Waldeck-Frankenberg), in the south on the town of Biedenkopf (Marburg-Biedenkopf), and in the west on the town of Bad Berleburg (Siegen-Wittgenstein in North Rhine-Westphalia).
Constituent communities
The town of Hatzfeld consists of the centres of Biebighausen, Eifa, Hatzfeld (main town), Holzhausen, Lindenhof and Reddighausen
History
Hatzfeld had its first documentary mention in 1138. In 1340, the community was granted town rights. After the Hatzfeld branch of the House of Hatzfeld died out in 1570, half the town, and later the whole, passed to the County of Hesse. In 1866, Hatzfeld passed to Prussia, and under Prussian law lost its town rights in 1885. After Prussia was dissolved, Hatzfeld once again became a town in 1950.
Reddighausen
Reddighausen, nowadays one of Hatzfeld's constituent communities, had its first documentary mention in 1278, at that time still under the name Redinchusen. Already by 1840 Reddighausen had 474 inhabitants; nowadays (as of 2000) there are roughly 900.
Lindenhof
Lindenhof is a hamlet and one of Hatzfeld's constituent communities. Its name, unlike what might be assumed, has nothing to do with linden trees, even though there is a "namesake" tree growing in the community ("Linden" is Linde – plural, Linden – in German), but rather with linen (Leinen), which in earlier times was woven here. In 1993, Lindenhof celebrated 300 years of existence, even though various sources point to a greater age.
What is known is that in 1693, a Hatzfeld townsman named Eckhardt went into the lovely dale here and acquired a newly built agricultural estate. In 1712, there were already six households in Lindenhof. In 1892, the hamlet got its own schoolteacher, who taught in a private house. In 1895, there were 77 people living in Lindenhof. In 1939, Lindenhof got its own school, which lasted until 1965 when its functions were transferred to a new central school in Hatzfeld.
By the beginning of the First World War, 21 residential buildings had appeared in the dale, although some of them were in the separate hamlet of Hof Roda.
In 1991-1992, what is arguably Hesse's smallest half-timbered church was consecrated in Lindenhof.
Photograph gallery
Politics
Town council
The town council's 23 seats are apportioned thus, in accordance with municipal elections held on 26 March 2006:
Note: The Bürgerlisten are "citizens' lists" rather than actual parties.
Coat of arms
The current civic coat of arms was conferred in 1950, but the charges shown within it date back to the 14th century, from which time an old town seal is known. The arms show a town wall with a gateway flanked by towers. Also in the arms above the gateway is an inescutcheon showing the arms of the Lords (later also Counts and Princes) of Hatzfeld, who died out in 1570. The size and shape of the various charges in the arms have changed over the ages.
Town partnerships
Hatzfeld maintains partnership links with the following:
Cloyes-sur-le-Loir, département of Eure-et-Loir, France since 1979
Sport and leisure
Tourism plays an important rôle in Reddighausen, which is a state-recognized resort with a comprehensive network of hiking trails. There is also a combination woodlore and bird-protection path in Hatzfeld (main town), and at the Sackpfeife are found a winter sport centre, and also a summer toboggan run.
In Lindenhof is a wildfowl haven run by the Naturschutzbund Deutschland, a non-governmental organization dedicated to nature conservation.
Churches
Evangelical-Lutheran Church
Literature
H. Reimer: Historisches Ortslexikon für Kurhessen; Marburg: Elwert, 1974; ; S.304
References
External links
Reddighausen
Verein für Burg- und Heimat- geschichte Hatzfeld e.V.
Waldeck-Frankenberg
Hesse-Nassau
The Kia Seltos () is a subcompact crossover SUV manufactured by Kia. Introduced in mid-2019, the Seltos is positioned between the smaller Stonic, Soul, or Sonet and the larger Sportage in Kia's global SUV lineup.
The Seltos is designated as a global product with three variations introduced for different markets. The first variation is the largest version of the Seltos, which is manufactured in South Korea (codename: SP2) mainly aimed for developed markets, including North America and Australasia. The two other variations are the Indian-made Seltos (codename: SP2i) and the closely related Chinese version badged as the Kia KX3 (codename: SP2c). The SP2i and SP2c models are the low-cost versions of the Seltos to penetrate emerging markets, built on the Hyundai-Kia K2 platform and closely related to the second-generation Hyundai Creta/ix25. Despite being a globally marketed model, the Seltos is not sold in the European market.
The name "Seltos" is derived from "Celtos", the son of Hercules and Celtine in Greek mythology. According to Kia, the Seltos is aimed directly at millennials and "youthful, tech-savvy buyers" looking for a vehicle that stands out from the crowd.
Overview
The Seltos started as two concept cars, the SP Concept, which was showcased at the 2018 Auto Expo in February 2018, and the SP Signature showcased at the 2019 Seoul Motor Show in March 2019. Both concept cars have a close resemblance with the current mass-production versions. The SP Concept previewed the SP2i Seltos built in India, while the SP Signature is the concept version of the South Korean-made SP2 Seltos.
The Seltos was launched in South Korea on 18 July 2019, India on 22 August 2019, and the Philippines on 6 November 2019 with a release in various global markets except Europe by the end of the year. The Seltos was also launched in Indonesia on 20 January 2020. The Seltos was launched in the United States, Canada, and Mexico in early 2020 for the 2021 model year. It was also introduced in Russia in June 2020.
Kia Motors Europe COO Emilio Herrera has confirmed the automaker would not sell the new Seltos in Europe due to the popularity of larger SUV offerings such as the Sportage and Sorento, and the release of the Stonic and XCeed in the small SUV segment.
In 2020 and 2021, the Seltos was the second best-selling Kia model globally after the Sportage, with India as its largest single market.
SP2 model
SP2 is the internal codename designated to the version manufactured in South Korea, which is also assembled by knock-down kits in Russia and Uzbekistan. The SP2 Seltos is built on a platform shared with the Hyundai Kona and the Kia Soul.
South Korea
The SP2 Seltos debuted in South Korea on 18 July 2019. Positioned above the Stonic, it is offered with two engine options, the 1.6-litre Gamma turbo petrol engine that runs on maximum of and of torque with a claimed fuel efficiency of , and the other is a 1.6-litre U-Line diesel engine is equipped with maximum of and of torque with a claimed fuel economy of . Both engines are equipped with a seven-speed dual-clutch transmission. It is also available with an all-wheel drive option.
Several driver-assist functions including forward collision-avoidance assist, lane-following assist, lane-keeping assist, driver-attention warning, and high-beam assist are available as standard for all trims.
The design of the new Seltos facelift model of the SP2 model, was first unveiled on July 22, 2022. The front of the vehicle is equipped with a mesh radiator grille, star map signature lighting, and LED projection. In addition, fog lamps and skid plates were applied. 18-inch front processing type wheels are used to the side. The rear part is applied with star map signature lighting designed horizontally, a backup lamp, and a rear reflector. Inside, a panoramic display that connects a 10.25-inch cluster and a 10.25-inch infotainment system screen is applied. In addition, functions such as integrated controllers and electronic shift dials have been added. The gravity model is equipped with a radiator grille with dark metal, upper and lower garnish, headlamp upper garnish, and front and rear skid plates. In addition, 18-inch black alloy wheels and black outside mirrors were applied.
North America
Launched for the 2021 model year, the Seltos for the U.S. and Canada is positioned between the Soul and Sportage. It has a redesigned front bumper to maximize the front approach angle. Trim levels for the 2021 Seltos are LX, S, S Turbo, EX, and SX Turbo.
The North American Kia Seltos offers a naturally aspirated 2.0-liter with and of torque, standard on LX, S, and EX trims with a CVT gearbox marketed as "Intelligent Variable Transmission" (IVT). Also offered is a 1.6-liter turbo engine producing and of torque. Standard on the Seltos SX and optional on the S, the 1.6 Turbo comes with a seven-speed dual-clutch automatic transmission. All-wheel drive is available and standard on most trims except for the S model, where it is optional and has similar mechanical components as the larger Telluride.
For the 2022 model year, the Seltos received a new Kia badge with the updated Kia logo and a Nightfall Edition trim that replaced the Turbo S model.
In Mexico, the SP2 Seltos is not offered, as the Indian-sourced SP2i Seltos is sold in the country instead.
Australia
The Seltos launched in October 2019 in the Australian market. The five grades consist of S, Sport, Sport+, Sport+ AWD, and GT-Line. Engine choice for lower end variants consist of the Nu 2.0-litre petrol engine mated to CVT, while higher end AWD models are powered by the 1.6-litre Gamma T-GDi engine with a seven-speed DCT. It is equipped with a region-specific suspension tuning to suit the road conditions in Australia.
In September 2020, Kia Australia issued a recall on 2,465 units of the Seltos sold between 25 October 2019 and 25 August 2020. The affected units are to be fitted with an antitheft locking mechanism in the steering wheel column shaft to meet Australian design rules. The Seltos was the 25th-highest selling vehicle in Australia in 2020.
Other markets
The SP2 model is also offered in the Philippines and Russia. CKD assembly of the SP2 Seltos commenced in Avtotor plant in Kaliningrad from April 2020.
Safety
The SP2 Seltos received a five-star rating from Australasian New Car Assessment Program, and a four-star rating from the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
Engines
SP2i model
SP2i is the internally designated codename for the Seltos model manufactured in India and exported mostly to emerging markets. The SP2i Seltos is shorter by in length and in wheelbase compared to the SP2.
Visually, the SP2i Seltos can be identified from the SP2 Seltos by the hood line that ends by the grille that creates a seamless "clamshell" hood design, while for the SP2 Seltos, the hood line ends behind the Kia logo. The front end region is also slightly shorter and the rear bumper is flatter in design. The SP2i Seltos along with the Chinese KX3 also has a different interior dashboard design compared to the SP2 Seltos with a simpler HVAC vent design and an integrated infotainment screen housing.
The SP2i model is not offered with all-wheel drive in any markets.
India
The Seltos is the first product of Kia India following its entry in the country. The crossover was unveiled in New Delhi on 20 June 2019. By the time of its launch on 22 August 2019, Kia had received more than 50,000 bookings for the Seltos. Later, the Seltos emerged as the best-selling SUV in the country by delivering 12,854 units in October 2019. As of 1 April 2020, the Seltos sales crossed the 80,000 mark in India.
In India, the Seltos is offered in two submodels, which are the Tech Line and GT Line. Three engine options are offered in India, consisting of two petrol engines and one diesel engine. The petrol engines are the 1.5-litre, naturally aspirated engine that makes paired with six-speed manual transmission or CVT, and a 1.4-liter Kappa turbo engine that produces paired with six-speed manual transmission or a seven-speed dual-clutch transmission (DCT). The diesel engine is a 1.5-litre U-Line unit that produces paired with six-speed manual transmission or six-speed torque-converter automatic.
In August 2021, a new sub-model named X-Line was introduced in India. The new X-Line consist only of cosmetic changes rather than mechanical changes. The trim is available in two engine options, 1.4-litre turbo petrol engine and the 1.5-litre CRDi diesel. Upgrades included 18-inch alloy wheels and piano black trim highlights.
Other markets
The Indian-built Seltos is exported to several regions, which mostly are emerging markets, including South Africa, North Africa, Southeast Asia (except the Philippines), Latin America, the Middle East, and other South Asian markets. It is also assembled by kits in Vietnam starting from July 2020. The exported Seltos from India is available with a 1.6-litre petrol engine, which is not offered in the Indian domestic market.
It was updated for the Mexican market on 6 August 2021, incorporating the new Kia logo.
The Seltos was the best-selling SUV in Mexico in 2020 and 2021.
Safety
The Indian-specification Seltos is equipped as standard with two frontal airbags, two front side thorax-protecting airbags (made standard in April 2022 and 6 airbags also made standard in July 2022), antilock brakes, electronic stability control (made standard in April 2022), all-wheel disc brakes, rear parking sensors and front seatbelt reminders. Head-protecting curtain airbags are available on higher trim levels, as are tyre pressure monitoring and blind spot detection.
Global NCAP crash-tested the Indian-market Kia Seltos in its basic safety specification (of the time) of two airbags and anti-lock brakes in 2020 (similar to Latin NCAP 2013). The car scored three stars out of five for adult occupant protection in a 64 km/h frontal offset impact. The head faced a small penalty for 'bottoming out' of the frontal airbags (indicated by a sufficiently severe and long spike in the deceleration pulse). The passenger compartment showed symptoms of instability during the test and chest protection was downrated by a point for this. The major cause for the low score was excessive rearward movement of the pedals due to intrusion which affected protection of the feet and tibias.
The Seltos did not score any points for dynamics for child occupants because Kia refused to nominate child seats for the test.
Body-in-white repair manuals confirm that the SP2i has different dimensions, shapes and parts from the SP2, and also show that hot-formed reinforcements that aid energy dissipation in the IIHS driver-side small overlap test, which are present in the SP2, are missing in the SP2i.
Engines
Kia KX3 (SP2c)
In September 2019, the Seltos was unveiled at the Chengdu Motor Show as the second-generation Kia KX3. Coded internally as SP2c, the car debuted in the Chinese market in December 2019. The KX3 has a wheelbase, longer than any other versions of the Seltos.
Awards
U.S. News & World Report ranked the Kia Seltos at No. 4 on its list of Best Subcompact SUVs for 2022, giving it a score of 8.2 out of 10.
Sales
Global sales
Regional sales
References
External links
(India)
Seltos
Cars introduced in 2019
Crossover sport utility vehicles
Mini sport utility vehicles
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
2020s cars
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Global NCAP small off-road
Vehicles with CVT transmission
Bondost (sometimes spelled bond-ost, Swedish for "farmer cheese") is a Swedish cheese, also made in the United States, chiefly in New York.
This cow's-milk cheese is cylindrical in shape, about across and high. After the milk (either raw or pasteurized) is curdled, heated, cut, salted, stirred, pressed into forms, and immersed into brine for a day or two, the new cheese is ripened for six to eight weeks. Sometimes bondost is spiced with cumin or caraway seeds, which are incorporated into the curd just before it is molded.
It has a firm texture providing a mild tasting cheese that can be served as an appetizer or for snacking. When produced, it is brine cured, allowed to dry, and ready to serve in approximately 2 months. Several varieties are cured for 1 to 2 days, while the most flavorful varieties are cured for several weeks.
See also
References
pp. 13–14
Swedish cheeses
Cuisine of Wisconsin
Cow's-milk cheeses
Henry Dodson (21 April 1828 – 8 May 1892) was a brewer and a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Marlborough, New Zealand.
Biography
Dodson was born in 1828 near Malmesbury in Wiltshire, England. Their father, Joseph Dodson, was an officer in the British Army. Their mother was Isabella Dodson (née Reid).
As a youth, they emigrated to Halifax in Nova Scotia, Canada, to join a brother. Together, they went to Victoria, Australia and joined the Victorian gold rush. After that, they came to Nelson, New Zealand and joined their brother Joseph Dodson in their brewery business. They married Emma Snow (born 6 January 1830) on 10 December 1857 at Nelson. They came to Blenheim in the late 1850s and set up a brewery in that town.
Dodson was a member of the Marlborough Provincial Council for three different electorates from 1860–1863, 1866–1870, and 1874–1875. In the provincial council, they were the head of the Blenheim party for many years, and they quarrelled against the Picton party. They were Mayor of Blenheim for four one-year terms (1870–1871 and 1883–1884). They represented the Wairau electorate from to 1890, when they retired. In , they beat the incumbent, Arthur Seymour. They were challenged by Joseph Ward in . In the , they were challenged by a former Mayor of Blenheim, George Henderson, and Sutherland John Macalister.
Their wife died in June 1883. They died on 8 May 1892 at their home in Blenheim, New Zealand after a sudden illness and was survived by seven children. They were buried at the Omaka Cemetery in their brother George's family plot in the Old Cemetery section.
References
1828 births
1892 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
Mayors of Blenheim, New Zealand
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
19th-century New Zealand politicians
The International Council on Large Electric Systems (CIGRE) is a global nonprofit organisation in the field of high voltage electricity. It was founded in Paris, France in 1921. The scope of its activities include the technical and economical aspects of the electrical grid, as well as the environmental and regulatory aspects.
More specifically, the objectives of CIGRE are to:
facilitate technical exchanges among those involved in the production, transmission, and distribution of electrical energy;
communicate the state of the art and the technical knowledge in these fields;
inform the decision makers and regulators in the field of high voltage electricity by means of publication in its magazine Electra or through the organisation of biennial conferences, named Sessions, that take place in even years in Paris, France.
CIGRE membership is open to individuals, companies and organisations involved with any aspect of high voltage engineering. Member organisations and companies are known as collective members.
Organisation
The activities of CIGRE are divided into sixteen Study Committees (SCs):
A1 - Rotating Electrical Machines
A2 - Transformers
A3 - High Voltage Equipment
B1 - Insulated Cables
B2 - Overhead Lines
B3 - Substations
B4 - HVDC and Power Electronics
B5 - Protection and Automation
C1 - System Development and Economics
C2 - System Operation and Control
C3 - System Environmental Performance
C4 - System Technical Performance
C5 - Electricity Markets and Regulation
C6 - Distribution Systems and Dispersed Generation
D1 - Materials and Emerging Test Techniques
D2 - Information Systems and Telecommunication
In addition, , there are 61 National Committees of CIGRE (NCs), which support the Study Committees in identifying experts to participate in working groups. Beginning with the United Kingdom, Netherlands and Italy in 1923, National Committees have developed progressively around the world to give CIGRE a global footprint. In 2014, the Turkish National Committee was established.
Activities
CIGRE organises several types of conference, of which the biennial Sessions, which take place in Paris in even-numbered years, are the most important and broad-ranging. The first CIGRE session took place on 21–28 November 1921 at 7 Rue de Madrid, Paris, and was attended by 231 high voltage engineers and technicians. Since then, sessions have been held every two years, except during World War II and in 2020 when there was an outbreak of the coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) worldwide.
The 48th CIGRE session was held in August 2020 for the first time via the internet due to restrictions on travel placed by many countries as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. It was, therefore, called an e-Session. Whereas the 47th session held at the Palais des Congrès de in Paris attracted 8500 people in total, the e-Session attracted about 1500 live attendances on each day and many offline registrations. The CIGRE Session and its Technical Exhibition bring together more than 8500 senior executives, engineers and experts from the worldwide Power Industry.
In parallel of the Session, a Technical Exhibition is held in the same location on levels 1, 2 and 3. The exhibition offers the opportunity to all visitors, including CIGRE delegates, to discover new services, tools, equipment and materials as well as the most advanced technologies in the field of power systems.
In addition to the biennial sessions, CIGRE organises several other types of conferences in locations other than Paris, including:
Symposia in odd-numbered years. These usually involve a sub-set of the study committees and concentrate on one common theme.
Regional conferences covering a variety of subjects but for one specific country or region
Colloquia which usually involve only one or two study committees.
The Study Committees of CIGRE appoint Working Groups of experts to investigate and publish the state of the art in their chosen field. The output of Working Groups is in the form of Technical Brochures. Technical Brochures are frequently used to inform and act as precursor documents for the activities of national and international Standards organisations, notably the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC).
Resources
CIGRE creates technical resources that are made available to non-members either freely or for a fee, and to members freely. These include the bimonthly flagship digital magazine Electra, conference proceedings, GREEN BOOKS, Technical Brochures (TBs) and webinars. TBs are a summary of the work of a Working Group.
Electra contains executive summaries of recently published Technical Brochures, as well as selected scientific papers and invited papers.
GREEN BOOKS are a repository of knowledge in a specific subject area and are useful as reference material.
The Technical Committee of CIGRE recently updated the CIGRE White Paper “Network of the Future” issued in 2011 and published in Electra (N°256). This summary paper provides CIGRE's views on the know-how needed to manage the transition towards future energy supply systems].
List of National Committees
The principle of National Committees came about in 1931 when they were made official. The following table shows a list of National Committees of CIGRE, year they first joined, and their membership numbers ():
References
External links
1921 establishments in France
Electric power distribution
Electrical engineering organizations
Organizations based in Paris
Scientific organizations established in 1921
Kałęczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Stoczek, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Birgir Örn Birgisson (23 September 1942 – 11 December 2017) was an Icelandic basketball player and coach. They were one of the inaugural players of the Icelandic national basketball team in 1959 and played a total of 33 national team games. They played twenty seasons in the Icelandic top-tier league with Ármann and helped the club to its first and only men's national championship in 1976. In 1968, Birgir was the first player to win the league's Player of the Year trophy, given by Dave Zinkoff.
Early life
Birgir was born in Reykjavík to Birgir Einarsson and Hulda Jónsdóttir. They first played basketball in 1954 when they stumpled into a basketball practice.
Career
Birgir played their first senior team game for Ármann in 1958, at the age of 16, and spent twenty seasons with the club, winning the Icelandic Basketball Cup two times, in 1975 and 1976. In 1976 they helped Ármann break ÍR and KR twenty year monopoly in the national championship by beating KR 84-74 in the championship clinching game. After the season they took over as head coach while suiting up in uniform late in the season due to injuries to key players. In June, 1977, Birgir left Ármann and took over as head coach of ÍS.
In 1978, they guided Íþróttafélag Stúdenta to victory in the Icelandic Basketball Cup.
In 1980, Birgir was hired as the head coach of Haukar and led them to Division II championship in their first season and promotion to Division I.
National team
Birgir, at the age of 16, played in the Iceland's first official national team game, against Denmark, in 1959, and in its first 32 official games overall. In 1976, after a six year hiatus from the team, they played their 33rd and last national team game. They were a co-coach for the national team in 1976, with Kristinn Stefánsson, and in 1977 with Einar Bollason.
Personal life
Birgir was married to Aldís Einarsdóttir and together they had four children.
On November 8, 2000, Birgir's 27-year-old son Einar Örn Birgisson, a former football player, went missing. A week later, Atli Helgason, Einar's business partner and former teammate, confessed to their murder and hiding their body near Grindavík. On 29 May 2001 Atli was sentenced to 16 years in prison for the murder.
Death
Birgir passed away in Borgarspítalinn, Reykjavík, on 11 December 2017.
References
1942 births
2017 deaths
Birgir Orn Birgis
Birgir Orn Birgis
Forwards (basketball)
Birgir Orn Birgis
Birgir Orn Birgis
Birgir Orn Birgis
Birgir Orn Birgis
Birgir Orn Birgis
Birgir Orn Birgis
Birgir Orn Birgis
The Battle of Stelai was a naval battle fought in 880 between the Byzantine and Aghlabid fleets off the southern Italian peninsula. The battle was a major Byzantine victory. Its location is disputed, hence it is also known as the First Battle of Milazzo or the Battle of Punta Stilo in modern literature.
Background
In 879 or 880, Emperor Basil I the Macedonian appointed Nasar as the commander of the Imperial Fleet. Nasar's first task was to confront a raid by a fleet of 60 ships, sent by the Aghlabid emirate of Ifriqiya against the western coasts of Greece. After defeating this fleet, Nasar sailed on to Italy to support the operations of an army sent to recover southern Italy, under the command of generals Prokopios and Leo Apostyppes.
Battle
During these operations, according to the 14th-century historian Ibn Idari, Nasar was confronted by the Aghlabid governor of Sicily, al-Husayn ibn Rabah. Ibn Idari reports that Nasar's fleet numbered 140 vessels, and that after a fierce battle, the Aghlabids were defeated and many of their ships captured. Ibn al-Athir also mentions this battle, which is also generally identified with the battle reported by the Cambridge Chronicle and the attempted Aghlabid attack on Rhegion reported in the Vita Eliae iunioris hagiography. According to the Vita, the Aghlabid fleet with 45 ships threatened an invasion of Calabria, and the local population prepared to evacuate to the mountains of Aspromonte. Saint Elias of Enna however confidently predicted the victory of the imperial fleet. Nasar indeed defeated the Aghlabids, many of whom abandoned their ships on the coast of Sicily and fled to Palermo; all Aghlabid vessels were captured by the Byzantines.
Localization
The localization of the battle is unclear. The Cambridge Chronicle gives the site of the battle as Mylas, which has led to identification with Milazzo in northeastern Sicily. Theophanes Continuatus places the battle at the "island called Stelai", which in turn has led to the hypothesis that the battle took place at the cape now known as Punta Stilo, at the southeastern coast of Calabria. The Byzantinist Vera von Falkenhausen on the other hand pointed out that the end of the Roman road leading from Rome to Rhegion was marked by a column (stylos or stele in Greek) located on a cliff overlooking the coast, and that the locality was known as Stylis in Greek. According to Ewald Kislinger, the latter site, at the western end of the "toe" of the Italian peninsula, corresponds better to both the localization in the narrative of Theophanes Continuatus and the report in the Cambridge Chronicle, and that "Mylas" is probably due to a confusion with another battle that took place near Milazzo eight years later.
Aftermath
Nasar's victory at Stelai enabled the Byzantines to send another squadron to Naples, where it scored a victory over the Arabs. At the same time, Nasar was free to raid the northern coasts of Sicily, intercepting many corsairs and traders operating in the Tyrrhenian Sea. Much booty was taken, particularly olive oil—so much, in fact, that when it was brought back to Constantinople, market prices plummeted. These operations also had the side-effect of worsening the food situation in Ifriqiya, where the harvest had failed that year. Nasar also assisted the land army under Prokopios and Apostyppes in recovering the Lombard-controlled part of Calabria beyond the river Crati, before sailing home. Despite the death of Prokopios in battle shortly after, Apostyppes was able to recover Tarento, thereby restoring the overland connection between the Byzantine provinces in Calabria and around Bari.
These victories were followed by the dispatch of an expeditionary corps under Nikephoros Phokas the Elder in ca. 885; Phokas succeeded in recovering several cities and consolidating Byzantine control in southern Italy (the future Catepanate of Italy), compensating to an extent for the effective loss of Sicily following the fall of Syracuse in 878. The revival was brief, however, as the Byzantine defeat at Milazzo in 888 signalled the virtual disappearance of major Byzantine naval activity in the seas around Italy for the next century.
References
Sources
880s in the Byzantine Empire
Stelai
Milazzo
Stelai
Stelai
Stelai
880
Cheung Uk Tei () is a village in Tai Po District, Hong Kong.
Administration
Cheung Uk Tei is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy. It is one of the villages represented within the Tai Po Rural Committee. For electoral purposes, Cheung Uk Tei is part of the Tai Po Kau constituency, which is currently represented by Patrick Mo Ka-chun.
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Cheung Uk Tei (Tai Po) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Tai Po District
Yasmin Louise Sooka is a leading human rights lawyer, the Executive Director of the Foundation for Human Rights in South Africa and a trustee of the Desmond Tutu Peace Centre. They were born in Cape Town, South Africa, and got a law degree from the University of the Witwatersrand.  They are an expert on transitional justice, gender and international war crimes.
They were member of the South African Truth and Reconciliation Commission and of the Sierra Leone Truth and Reconciliation Commission, a member of the United Nations Report of the Secretary-General's Panel of Experts on Accountability in Sri Lanka to investigate war crimes in the final stages of the Sri Lankan Civil War, and currently serves as the Chair of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights in South Sudan.
References
Living people
South African women lawyers
South African human rights activists
People from Cape Town
University of the Witwatersrand alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century South African lawyers
21st-century South African lawyers
Alfredo Rodríguez (25 October 1936 – 3 October 2005) was a Cuban pianist who played Afro-Cuban music as well as Latin jazz. Born in Havana, their musical career began in New York, where they struggled to establish himself, playing with dozens of Latin music groups over two decades. In 1983, they moved to Paris, where they enjoyed greater success, recording several albums as a leader to critical acclaim. In their later years, they founded a new group, los Acerekó, featuring Tata Güines, Changuito and Joel Hierrezuelo among others.
Rodríguez is remembered for their collaborations with Carlos "Patato" Valdés, their tenure with Jesús Alemañy's Cubanismo and for their distinctly Afro-Cuban playing style, reflecting the legacy of Peruchín and Lilí Martínez. Although never commercially successful, their work has been consistently well received by critics and Latin jazz fans alike. Their death in 2005 occurred shortly after they had finished recording a collaboration album with Africando.
Life and career
Early years
Alfredo Rodríguez was born in Vedado, Havana, on 25 October 1936. Although they studied music at the Eduardo Peyrellade Conservatory, they did not begin their career as a musician until after they had moved to Manhattan in 1960. They initially worked as a PR officer for a printing company. In 1961, Arsenio Rodríguez, one of Cuba's most popular musicians, advised them to pursue a career in music. In the next decade they would play with dozens of groups, finding it hard to establish themselves as the core member of any orchestra due to their personal convictions and rivalries with other musicians. They played with Conjunto Sensación under the direction of Rey Roig, making their recording debut on Swing (1965). Unlike the other members of the band, such as singer Pete "El Conde" Rodríguez, Alfredo refused to join Johnny Pacheco's band after the break-up of the group in 1966.
After the dissolution of Conjunto Sensación, Rodríguez played Vicentico Valdés before joining Willie Rosario's group for one year. In 1968, they joined Joe Cuba's group for two years. At this point, they quit their job in the printing company, which they had maintained for seven years. In 1970, after a brief and difficult spell in Las Vegas, they returned to New York and rejoined Joe Cuba's band.
Miami and return to New York
In 1972, Rodríguez moved to Miami, where they stayed for four years as a member of José Fajardo's group and also as a live accompanist for singers such as Lucecita Benítez, Vicentico Valdés (again), and Orlando Contreras. They returned to New York in 1976, and was invited by percussionist Carlos "Patato" Valdés to play on their new album, Ready for Freddie, released by Latin Percussion. They then played with Charanga 76 for two years, and recorded many albums as a side man, including three with their favorite singer, Justo Betancourt. They also recorded with Típica Novel, Alfredo de la Fé, Ismael Rivera, Cortijo, La Lupe and Celia Cruz, among others.
In 1980, Rodríguez replaced Jorge Dalto in Tito Puente's Latin Percussion Jazz Ensemble for an American tour, since Dalto was touring Europe at the time. In 1980, they also toured Europe with Camilo Azuquita, who had relocated to Paris in 1978. Nonetheless, it was not a fruitful tour. They returned to New York and substituted for Óscar Hernández and Sonny Bravo on many recording sessions.
The Paris years
In 1982, they went to Paris with flautist Art Webb due to the last-minute withdrawal of pianist Edy Martínez. They stayed there with Patato Valdés and began to work with their own group. In 1983, they recorded their first album in New York with their former bandmantes: Sonido sólido. Their second LP, Monsieur oh la la, was recorded in 1985. In 1990-91, they recorded their third album, this time live while on tour with Patato: Cuba-New York-Paris. The album saw limited release by the French record label Bleu Caraibes. In 1993, they recorded Para Yoya, also released by Bleu Caraibes, featuring Peruchín Jr., the guitarist, son of Peruchín.
Between 1994 and 1995, they invited Cuban artists from New York, such as Roberto Torres and Papaíto, for live shows in Paris, where the Latin scene was growing. In 1995, they recorded the first album by Cubanismo, Jesús Alemañy's big band son revival project. The album was recorded in Havana, marking the first time Rodríguez had returned to their home country since 1960. Also in 1995, they recorded Único y diferente with Patato Valdés.
In 1996, they returned to Cuba to record Cuba linda, their most critically acclaimed album, featuring some of the musicians from Cubanismo. They then toured California with Cubanismo to a great reception by audiences and critics. In Charleston, they played Cuba linda, although with a different lineup compared to the album sessions. They then toured Europe with Cubanismo; that would be their last tour with the band, which they quit after the release of Malembe.
Later years and death
In the year 2000 they took part in the recordings for the album Los originales, by Cuban Masters, an ensemble of Cubans in exile directed by Juan Pablo Torres. The album was nominated for two Grammy Awards. In the early 2000s, they formed their own group called Acerekó and recorded the album Cuban Jazz, featuring Tata Güines, Changuito, Bobby Carcassés and Joel Hierrezuelo. Their last project was the Africando album Ketukuba, released in 2006. They gave their last concert in August 2005 in Contis, France. They died from cancer at the Bretonneau Hospital in Paris on 3 October 2005.
A tribute concert was held in Paris on 20 March 2006. Pianist Ernán Lopez-Nussa flew over from Havana to play on the show, which was presented by Joel Hierrezuelo.
A compilation of unreleased recordings, Oye Afra, was released posthumously in 2007.
Style
With regards to their Afro-Cuban style of piano playing, Rodríguez is considered a disciple of Peruchín, who was a good friend of his. They also are a fan of Lilí Martínez, who played for Arsenio Rodríguez. Both Peruchín and Lilí Martínez were influenced by classical pianists such as Chopin, and so was Rodríguez, whose music owes much to classical composers such as Debussy and Rachmaninoff.
Discography
1983: Sonido sólido
1985: Monsieur oh la la
1991: Cuba-New York-Paris (live)
1993: Para Yoya
1997: Cuba linda
2002: Cuban Jazz
2007: Oye Afra (live, recorded 1998-2005)
2014: On Tour in Europe (live, recorded 1990-91)
References
External links
Alfredo Rodríguez. Discogs.com.
1936 births
2005 deaths
Cuban pianists
Cuban composers
People from Havana
20th-century pianists
Maya Fox is a series of horror comics and novels from the Italian studio Rainbow SpA, which is co-owned by Iginio Straffi and Viacom. The franchise's title character was co-created by Straffi, known for their previous creation Winx Club, and Silvia Brena, the former director of Cosmopolitan Italy. Straffi and Brena co-wrote each of the comic issues and four Maya Fox novels. The series follows a young woman named Maya Fox who lives in London. After their father is murdered by a serial killer named Michael Gacy, Maya discovers that they have the ability to speak with the dead. While avoiding Gacy, they work to prevent an apocalypse in 2012.
In Italy, the first Maya Fox novel and an extract from the first comic issue were jointly published on 28 October 2008 by Arnoldo Mondadori Editore. Three sequel novels and a monthly comic magazine were released from 2009 to 2011.
In late 2008, Iginio Straffi revealed plans for Maya Fox adaptations for both television and cinema, depending on the success of magazine sales. In 2010, a script for the feature film adaptation was written by Jane Prowse for a release date of late 2011. The project was left unfinished.
Background
In September 2005, Silvia Brena interviewed Iginio Straffi for the magazine IO Donna, which inspired a collaboration between the two. They met again in 2006 to develop a concept that would appeal to young adults between the ages of 15 and 25, a target that Brena called "one of the most attractive markets for those involved in entertainment." Rainbow's publishing manager, Cristiana Buzzelli, carried out some research on what topics were popular with teenagers and found that "they are particularly fascinated by thrillers and the supernatural." Working off of this idea, they centered the story of Maya Fox around the 2012 phenomenon, a belief that the world would end in December 2012.
In an interview with the magazine Millionaire, Brena elaborated on the choice to focus on the apocalypse, saying that the "2012 date seemed perfect. Many peoples have attributed a high symbolic value to it—not only the Mayans, but also the Egyptians, the Cambodians, and the Europeans with Nostradamus. It marks an end, but also a rebirth. A date that is, in short, very 'salable'."
Straffi designed the titular character to appeal to rebellious teenagers, wearing dark makeup and black clothes. Like their previous works, Maya Foxs drawing style was heavily influenced by manga. Alessandra Rota of la Repubblica called the comics' visual style "very close to that of Japanese manga models, only a little less gloomy."
Publication history
Mondadori Editore released the first novel (La predestinata) on 28 October 2008 with a print run of 40,000 copies. The second (Il quadrato magico) was published in November 2009; the third (Domani, 2012) was published in October 2010; and the fourth (2012, la rivelazione) was published in November 2011. The novel series was published internationally by Carlsen Verlag in Germany, by Pocket Jeunesse in France, and by Planeta Group in Latin America, Spain, and Portugal.
The comic stories were serialized across 12 issues of a teen magazine based on the Maya Fox character, called Maya Fox: Tag Your Life. Every issue featured thirty pages of a comic (each 30-page installment was called an "episode"). The first episode, Oltre la morte (Beyond Death), was included in both the first novel in October 2008 and the April 2009 launch issue of Tag Your Life. The magazine had a print run of 150,000 copies.
Plot
Three years after the murder of their father, David, Maya Fox discovers that they can communicate with the dead. They receive a message from David, warning them that the end of the world is near but that they can prevent it. While they rush to solve a string of puzzles relating to the apocalypse, Maya learns that their father's killer, Michael Gacy, has escaped from prison. Michael sends multiple profane letters to Maya and their mother, indicating that they have made a plan to kill Maya on the last day of the month. When the day comes, Maya narrowly avoids Michael with the help of their father.
Reception
According to Rainbow in May 2009, the comic magazine sold approximately 70,000—80,000 copies every month in kiosks around Italy. As of August 2010, 100 thousand combined copies of the novel series had been sold worldwide.
Reviewing the first novel based on Maya Fox, Alessandra Rota of la Repubblica wrote that its "presentation strategy is spot-on ... the ingredients of teenage angst are all there, as well as those of noir." Kirill Reshetnikov of the Russian magazine Vzglyad complimented the series' blend of supernatural themes with a "sensible and charismatic" protagonist relatable to teenagers. They called Maya Fox "something so eclectic that it cannot be ignored." Pino Cottogni of FantasyMagazine wrote that "Maya is destined to win over [Winx Club fans'] older sisters."
Credits
Iginio Straffi – co-creator, co-director, character designer, story supervisor, art supervisor
Silvia Brena – co-creator, co-director, story supervisor
Elena de' Grimani – inks
Vincenzo Nisco – art supervisor, penciller
Giulia Basile – colors
Paolo Maddaleni – colors
Nicola Pasquetto – colors
Giorgio Viola – colors
Red Whale (Francesco Artibani) – lettering
Credits adapted from the magazine's list of artists.
References
External links
(archive)
Italian graphic novels
Comics about women
Comics set in London
Rainbow S.r.l.
Sabrina Pettinicchi (August 9, 1972) is a Canadian retired wheelchair basketball player. As a member of Team Canada, they won three gold medals and one bronze during the Paralympic Games.
Early life
Pettinicchi was born on August 9, 1972, in Quebec, Canada. After finishing their first year of CEGEP in June 1990, they were permanently injured in a car accident.
Career
They began playing wheelchair basketball in 1991 and eventually qualified for Canada women's national wheelchair basketball team at the
1996 Summer Paralympics. They won gold medals with Team Canada at the 1996 and 2000 Paralympics, and a bronze medal at the 2004 Paralympics. They also earned 3 consecutive Wheelchair Basketball World Championship gold medals from 1998 to 2006. In 2001, Pettinicchi was sponsored by National Hockey League (NHL) player Vincent Damphousse, who helped them buy a new wheelchair. They were also named a YWCA Montreal Women of Distinction. Pettinicchi was the fourth-best scorer on Team Canada during the 2006 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship with 8 points. During the 2008 Summer Paralympics, where Team Canada finished fifth, Pettinicchi recorded a team-leading 14 points and 6 rebounds.
In 2010, Pettinicchi took part in the first Canadian Paralympic Torch relay.
Personal life
Pettinicchi is married to wheelchair basketball player Dave Durepos. From 1997 until 2004, Pettinicchi also worked as an interior designer and project manager for Hydro-Québec.
References
External links
Paralympic profile
Living people
1972 births
Paralympic gold medalists for Canada
Sportspeople from Quebec
Basketball people from Quebec
Paralympic bronze medalists for Canada
Canadian women's wheelchair basketball players
Paralympic medalists in wheelchair basketball
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Wheelchair basketball players at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Wheelchair basketball players at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Wheelchair basketball players at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Wheelchair basketball players at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic wheelchair basketball players of Canada
The Railway Operating Division (ROD) was a division of the Royal Engineers formed in 1915 to operate railways in the many theatres of the First World War. It was largely composed of railway employees and operated both standard gauge and narrow gauge railways.
The ROD operated their first line on a section of the Hazebrouck–Ypres line. The work was carried out by former employees of the London and North Western Railway.
The ROD requisitioned many diverse locomotives from Britain's railway companies and leased several Belgian locomotives sent to France in 1914, but as the war dragged on adopted the Great Central Railway's Robinson Class 8K 2-8-0 as its standard freight locomotive to become the ROD 2-8-0. Some locomotives were also purchased from Baldwin in the United States.
They also operated narrow-gauge engines (meter gauge or gauge trains).
After the war, requisitioned locomotives returned to their foreign owners.
the ROD 2-8-0 were stored in Great Britain and sold to several British companies between 1919 and 1927.
the Baldwin locomotives were sold as military surplus; most of them ended up in Belgium and France.
See also
War Department Light Railways homepage
References
United Kingdom in World War I
Military railways in the United Kingdom
Military logistics of World War I
Güzçimeni, Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
The men's 50 metre freestyle competition at the 1999 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 27–28 at the Sydney International Aquatic Centre. The last champions were Bill Pilczuk of US and Ricardo Busquets of Puerto Rico.
This race consisted of one length of the pool in freestyle.
Records
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Pan Pacific records were as follows:
Results
All times are in minutes and seconds.
Heats
The first round was held on August 27.
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on August 27.
Final
The final was held on August 28.
References
1999 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships
Miss International 1979, the 19th Miss International pageant, was held on November 12, 1979 at the Mielparque in Tokyo, Japan. The then–15-year-old Mimilanie "Melanie" Marquez earned Philippines' third Miss International crown.
Results
Placements
Contestants
- Ana Maria Soliman Iribarne
- Regina Reid
- Elisabeth Schmidt
- Françoise Helene Julia Moens
- Sonia Beatriz Villarroel
- Suzane Ferreira de Andrade
- Beverly Isherwood
- Karen Vanderwoude
- Paulina Quiroga
- Ivonne Margarita Guerra de la Espriella
- Maria Lorena Acuña Karpinski
- Eva Bjerre Johanssen
- Kate Elizabeth Nyberg
- Martine Juliette David
- Claudia Katharina Herzog
- Despina Triantafyllidou
- Vivian Elaine Indalecio
- Zoe Ann Roach
- Mary Maria Johanna Adriana Kruyssen
- Lilian Anibeth Rivera
- Maria Chung Wai-Ping
- Sigrun Bjork Sverrisdóttir
- Neeta Pravin Painter
- Lorraine Marion O'Conner
- Rachel "Helly" Ben-David
- Nives Bordignon
- Hideko Haba
- Kim Jin-sun
- Carmen Sue Asciak
- Marcela Díaz Portilla
-Maria Elena Amador Valerio
- Unni Margrethe Öglaend
- Melanie Marquez
- Maria Luisa da Silva
- Annie Tan Chen Chiau Chuin
- Yolanda Maria Hoyos Vega
- Anna Angela Bratt
- Phattamavadee Ann Thanaputti
- Serra Sengül
- Nidia Silvera
- Anna Maria Rapagna
- Nilsa Josefina Moronta Sangronis
- Manuela Mitic
Withdrawals
- Nancie Foo---she collapsed on the finals night
- Gaby Bosshard (Europe '78)
Notes
1979
1979 in Tokyo
1979 beauty pageants
Beauty pageants in Japan
Bulk billing is a payment option under the Medicare system of universal health insurance in Australia. It can cover a prescribed range of health services as listed in the Medicare Benefits Schedule, at the discretion of the health service provider. The health service provider - usually a doctor - is paid 85% of the scheduled fee for outpatient services; and 75% of the scheduled fee for inpatient services, by billing the government via the patient's Medicare card. The service provider receives a fixed proportion of the scheduled fee but avoids the costs and risks of billing and debt collection. It could be described as a form of factoring.
Bulk billing rebates may be collected and paid directly to the service provider, or the service provider may collect the equivalent fee from the patient; leaving the patient to claim the rebate online, over the telephone, by mail, or at a Medicare office. Increasingly, service providers offer electronic lodgement at the practice using EFTPOS.
Under Medicare, it is not permissible to charge the patient a co-payment with bulk billing (although this was previously permissible): a service provider who bulk bills for a service may not charge the patient further for that service.
Service providers may choose whether or not to use bulk billing. Many general practitioner services are bulk-billed, but less so in rural, regional, and remote areas of Australia where there is a greater shortage of doctors and health care services. The key purpose of bulk billing is to provide an economic constraint on medical fees and charges.
2014 co-payment proposal
In the 2014 Australian federal budget, the Abbott Government proposed to impose a $7 co-payment for all bulk billed GP and medical test visits. The proposal was to reduce the medicare rebate payable to service providers by $5 (which applies to all consultations, and not just bulk billed ones) with the additional $2 paid by patients also going to providers. The proposal was widely criticised. In March 2015 the Health Minister Sussan Ley announced that "we are not pursuing it at all" with Prime Minister Abbott declaring the co-payment was "dead, buried and cremated".
References
Medicare Australia
Ekamra Kshetra or the temple city of Bhubaneswar is a series of ancient sandstone temples, heritage ponds and water tanks, its wealth of monuments is testament to an ancient continuous architectural and historical heritage covering over 2,000 years from the 3rd century BC to the 15th century AD. It has been listed as a tentative site in UNESCO World Heritage list.
Modernisation plan
In the year 2020 Government of Odisha decided to make the area modern, which will attract more tourists. The Ekamra Kshetra development project covers an area of 1126 acres with an outer core of 476 acres, intermediate core of 504 acres and inner core of 145 acres.
The first phase of the project includes outer access road development, Lingaraj entry plaza, Bindusagar revival plan, parking space, heritage complex, development of amenities for Kedar Gouri- Mukteswar complex, e-auto project, relocation project and a state-of-the-art interpretation centre. As Bindusagar is a major attraction, work has started on its holistic development and beautification. All construction between Lingaraj Temple and Bindusagar will be dismantled so that pilgrims can also visit the Bindhyabasini, Bhabanishankar, Sukashari and Mohini temples without any problem. Till around 350 years back, there was no construction between Lingaraj Temple and Bindusagar except temples. The same thing will be restored in the Ekamra Kshetra project.
References
Ancient Indian culture
11th-century Hindu temples
Hindu temples in Bhubaneswar
Liliia Sergueva (born ) is a retired Azerbaijani female volleyball player. They were part of the Azerbaijan women's national volleyball team at the 1994 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship in Brazil. On club level they played with Neffyag Baku.
Clubs
Neffyag Baku (1994)
References
1972 births
Living people
Azerbaijani women's volleyball players
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Sixth Zionist Congress was held in Basel, opening on August 23, 1903. Theodor Herzl caused great division amongst the delegates when they presented the “Uganda Scheme” - a proposed Jewish colony in what is now part of Kenya. Herzl died the following year.
Background
Following the success of Der Judenstaat, published in 1896, and the First Zionist Congress the following year, Theodor Herzl had become the undisputed leader of the Zionist movement. They envisioned a mass migration of Jewish people "on a very large scale" to Palestine and that the colony should be "secured by public law". For the next seven years Herzl devoted themselves to achieving this vision. Their first approach was an attempt to gain Ottoman backing. They lobbied Sultan Abdulhamid II with proposals of Jewish financial assistance. In 1898 they contrived to have an interview with the Kaiser. They approached British politicians with proposals for colonies in Cyprus and al Arish. By 1903 none of these approaches had produced any results. In April of that year the Jewish population of Kishinev was subjected to a 3-day pogrom fuelled by Blood Libel accusations. Initial Yiddish reports gave the number of dead as 120, though the final toll was much lower. In August Herzl, without consulting the Zionist leadership in the Pale of Settlement, journeyed to Saint Petersburg, where they had two meetings with Vyacheslav von Plehve, Czarist Minister of the Interior, regarded by many as responsible for the Kishinev atrocities. Von Plehve responded positively to the idea of mass emigration of Jews "without right of re-entry" but wanted help in suppressing Jewish revolutionary activity. Herzl's meetings resulted in an official letter in which the Tzar's Government agreed to press the Sultan for a Charter allowing Zionists to colonise Palestine, agreed to finance Jewish immigration through a tax on wealthy Jews, and to allow Zionist societies to function within the Tzarist Empire. Nine days before the congress, while on their journey from St Petersburgh to the Congress in Basel, Herzl received official confirmation of the British Government's endorsement of a proposal for a Jewish self-governing colony in East Africa. It would have the capacity for 1 million settlers - the Uganda Scheme.
The Greater Actions Committee
The Greater Actions Committee met on Friday August 21, the day before the Congress's opening ceremonies. Members of the committee were pledged to secrecy. Many were shocked at the deterioration of Herzl's health. The meeting began with Herzl's report on their meetings with von Plehve which had already generated opposition and criticism from Russian Zionists. Their critics in the committee doubted von Plehve's promises of support and argued that the content of letter should not be revealed to the Congress. Herzl refused. This discussion was followed by Herzl's announcement of the British proposal for a Jewish colony in Africa. Herzl did not expect the degree of opposition the proposal generated, particularly from members from the Pale and Odessa. One of their aides, Alex Marmorek, called it a "death blow to Zionism." The committee met again the following evening and, against strong opposition, Herzl had the Uganda Scheme made the centre piece of the Congress proceedings. Herzl's diary entry for August 22 ended: "Not a single moment did it occur to any of them that of these greatest of all accomplishments to date I deserve a word of thanks, or even a smile. Instead Messrs.... criticised me."
The Congress
Herzl's opening address presented the 592 delegates with the news of the Tzarist promises and the British proposals for a self governing colony. “Let us save those who can be saved. [...] I do not doubt that the Congress will welcome the new offer with the warmest gratitude.” Despite receiving “tumultuous” applause there was serious opposition to the Uganda Scheme, particularly from the 113 delegates from the Tzarist Empire. Max Nordau opened the following session tasked with defending acceptance of the British offer. They argued that the colony should be seen a “shelter in the night” or an “overnight shelter” - Nachtasyl - a stepping stone on the way to Palestine. Debate was constrained by the presence of Tzarist and Ottoman spies. With the probability of rejection of any motion accepting the Uganda Scheme a proposal was presented to the delegates to send a fact finding mission to Africa. It passed with 295 in favour, 178 against, but with about 100 abstentions.
The vote was followed by extraordinary scenes: the Russian members of the Action Committee left the podium. The majority of the Russian delegates followed them out of the hall. That evening Herzl spent several hours speaking to the protesters. Despite a hostile reception they managed to persuade them to return for the remaining sessions. Underlining the strength of the opposition Congress passed a motion that no Zionist funds should be provided for the investigating committee.
Amongst those supporting the Uganda Scheme was Israel Zangwill who feared a colony in Palestine would lead to an Orthodox revival “precluding modernity”. “We could not [...] lead a modern life there.”
Another supporter was Eliezer Ben Yehuda who was one of the few delegates with actual experience of living in Palestine. Paradoxically both the reformist Hamizrachi and the ultra orthodox Mizrachi delegates tended to support the plan. Chaim Weizmann, one of the most outspoken of the new generation of Zionists, gave a “violent speech” against, whereas their father and brother, who were also delegates, were in favour. Martin Buber was one of the minority of Western European Jews who vote against. Nachman Syrkin gave a speech criticising Herzl. The delegate from Kishnev as well as the entire Russian leadership voted against.
The artist Ephraim Moses Lilien and 23 year old Vladimir Jabotinsky were also against.
Leon Trotsky, also 23 years old, attended in the press gallery reporting for Iskra, the Russian Socialist underground newspaper. They predicted the imminent collapse of Zionism.
Aftermath
On the 31st August, just as the Congress closed, the Ottoman ambassador to Berlin telegrammed their superiors stating that the Zionists objective was to form an independent state in Palestine and that special laws should be brought in prohibiting the purchase of land by Zionists.
In December, three months after the Congress, a 24-year-old Russian student attempted to assassinate Nordau at a Parisian Hannukah celebration. The attacker shouted “Death to the East African” as they fired their gun.
In Britain opposition to the Uganda Scheme from politicians was growing and by March 1904 the proposal was put on hold.
In April 1904 an opposition meeting in Vienna was organised by one of the leading Russian Zionists Menachem Ussishkin. They had not attended the Sixth Congress and was not a Herzl supporter. At the meeting Herzl acknowledged that the plans for colonies in Africa were over.
Zangwill split from the Zionists and set up the Jewish Territorial Organization.
Herzl died 3 July 1904.
Other delegates and attendees
David Baazov
Meir Dizengoff
Herbert Friedenwald
Shimon Yaakov Gliksberg
Chaim Hirschensohn
Yehudah Leib Levin
Hermann Maas
Nathan Mileikowsky
Nahum Nir
Mordechai Nurock
Gedaliah Silverstone
Selig Soskin
References
Jews and Judaism in Basel
World Zionist Congress
Zionist organizations
Theodor Herzl
August 1903 events
Junfeng Road () is a station of the Qingdao Metro on Line 3, which opened on 16 December 2015.
References
Qingdao Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2015
Oculomotor apraxia (OMA) is the absence or defect of controlled, voluntary, and purposeful eye movement. It was first described in 1952 by the American ophthalmologist David Glendenning Cogan. People with this condition have difficulty moving their eyes horizontally and moving them quickly. The main difficulty is in saccade initiation, but there is also impaired cancellation of the vestibulo-ocular reflex. Patients have to turn their head in order to compensate for the lack of eye movement initiation in order to follow an object or see objects in their peripheral vision, but they often exceed their target. There is controversy regarding whether OMA should be considered an apraxia, since apraxia is the inability to perform a learned or skilled motor action to command, and saccade initiation is neither a learned nor a skilled action.
Symptoms
Absence of fast phase nystagmus on horizontal optokinetic testing
Problems in nerve function involved in eye movement control, called neuropathy
Inability to visually follow objects
Head thrusts to compensate for the inability to accomplish voluntary horizontal gaze
.
Related developmental problems
Even though OMA is not always associated with developmental issues, children with this condition often have hypotonia, decreased muscle tone, and show developmental delays. Some common delays are seen in speech, reading and motor development
Causes
OMA is a neurological condition. Although some brain imaging studies of people with OMA reveal a normal brain, some MRI studies have revealed unusual appearance of some brain areas, in particular the corpus callosum, cerebellum, and/or fourth ventricle. Oculomotor apraxia can be acquired or congenital. Sometimes no cause is found, in which case it is described as idiopathic
A person may be born with the parts of the brain for eye movement control not working, or may manifest poor eye movement control in childhood. If any part of the brain that controls eye movement becomes damaged, then OMA may develop. One of the potential causes is bifrontal hemorrhages. In this case, OMA is associated with bilateral lesions of the frontal eye fields (FEF), located in the caudal middle frontal gyrus. The FEF control voluntary eye movements, including saccades, smooth pursuit and vergence. OMA can also be associated with bilateral hemorrhages in the parietal eye fields (PEF). The PEF surround the posterior, medial segment of the intraparietal sulcus. They have a role in reflexive saccades, and send information to the FEF. Since the FEF and PEF have complementary roles in voluntary and reflexive production of saccades, respectively, and they get inputs from different areas of the brain, only bilateral lesions to both the FEF and PEF will cause persistent OMA. Patients with either bilateral FEF or bilateral PEF damage (but not both FEF and PEF) have been shown to regain at least some voluntary saccadic initiation some time after their hemorrhages. Other causes of OMA include brain tumors and cardiovascular problems,.
Ataxia with oculomotor apraxia
A subgroup of genetically recessive ataxias associated with OMA has been identified, with an onset during childhood. These are ataxia with oculomotor apraxia type 1 (AOA1), ataxia with oculomotor apraxia 2 (AOA2), and ataxia telangiectasia. These are autosomal recessive disorders and the associated gene products are involved in DNA repair. Both horizontal and vertical eye movements are affected in these disorders. Although people with either type may have some mild cognitive problems, such as difficulty with concentration or performing multi-step activities, intellectual function is usually not affected.
Type 1
Ataxia-oculomotor apraxia type 1 (AOA1) usually has an onset of symptoms during childhood. It is an autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia (ARCA) associated with hypoalbuminemia and hypercholesterolemia. Mutations in the gene APTX, which encodes for aprataxin, have been identified to be responsible for AOA1. Elevated creatine kinase is occasionally present, in addition to a sensorimotor axonal neuropathy, as shown by nerve conduction velocity studies. In addition, MRI studies have shown cerebellar atrophy, mild brainstem atrophy, and, in advanced cases, cortical atrophy
The aprataxin protein APTX can remove obstructive termini from DNA strand breaks that interfere with DNA repair. APTX is recruited to DNA single-strand breaks by XRCC1 protein, where it functions as a nick sensor to scan the single-strand breaks for 5'-AMP obstructive termini that are intermediates in failed DNA ligase reactions. The removal of these obstructions allows DNA repair of the break to be completed. It is not yet clear which specific single-strand breaks are the neurodegenerative agents in AOA1 patients that lack functional aprataxin protein. However single-strand breaks with 5'-AMP termini appear to be the most likely candidate lesion.
Type 2
Ataxia-oculomotor apraxia type 2 (AOA2), also known as spinocerebellar ataxia with axonal neuropathy type 2, has its onset during adolescence. It is characterized by cerebellar atrophy and peripheral neuropathy. Sufferers of Type 2 have high amounts of another protein called alpha-fetoprotein (AFP), and may also have high amounts of the protein creatine phosphokinase (CPK). Mutations in the SETX gene are the cause of the disease. AOA2 shows cerebellar atrophy, loss of Purkinje cells, and demyelination. In particular, there is a failure of the cerebrocerebellar circuit in AOA2 that has been shown to be responsible for the weaker coordination of complex cognitive functions such as working memory, executive functions, speech, and sequence learning. Although there is no sign of mental retardation or severe dementia, even after long disease duration, research on families with possible AOA2 have shown mild cognitive impairment as indexed by the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) and the Mattis Dementia Rating Scale. These impairments appear to be mostly due to a deficit in initiation and concept subtests,.
Ataxia telangiectasia
Telangiectasias are widened blood vessels that can develop anywhere on the skin, mucous membranes, whites of the eyes, and even in the brain. Telangiectasias are associated with multiple systemic signs, the most serious of which are unusual sensitivity to ionizing radiation, excessive chromosomal breakage, and a deficiency in the immune system. Ataxia telangiectasia results from defects in the ataxia telangiectasia mutated gene, which can cause abnormal cell death in various places of the body, including brain areas related to coordinated movement of the eyes. Patients with ataxia telangiectasia have prolonged vertical and horizontal saccade latencies and hypometric saccades, and, although not all, some patients show head thrusts,.
Diagnosis
References
Eye diseases
Abu Nidal is an album by Muslimgauze titled after Abu Nidal. This album was dedicated to the PLO. Although the album was only pressed to 12" vinyl, all songs on side B were later included on the CD compilation Coup D'Etat/Abu Nidal. The album was described by Allmusic as "both a fine piece of music and a masterful piece of political agitprop".
Track listing
Side A: "Gulf War (Part One – Two – Three)"
(Gulfwar part one) – 3.58
(Gulfwar part two) – 8.43
(Gulfwar part three) – 6.37
Side B
"Abu Nidal" – 7.28
"Green Is The Colour Of The Prophet" – 8.25
"Fatwa (Religious Decree Giving Recourse To Terrorism)" – 6.13
References
1987 albums
Muslimgauze albums
The 2022 New Hampshire Wildcats football team represents the University of New Hampshire as a member of the Colonial Athletic Association (CAA) in the 2022 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The Wildcats, led by first-year head coach Ricky Santos, play their home games at Wildcat Stadium.
Previous season
The Wildcats finished the 2021 season 3–8, 2–6 in CAA play to finish in eleventh place. On December 1, 2021, head coach Sean McDonnell announce their retirement. They finish with a 22-year record of 157–104. Former New Hampshire quarterback Ricky Santos will be the next head coach.
Schedule
Game summaries
Monmouth
at Albany
North Carolina Central
at Towson
at Western Michigan
Stony Brook
at Dartmouth
Elon
at Richmond
Rhode Island
at Maine
References
New Hampshire
New Hampshire Wildcats football seasons
New Hampshire Wildcats football
Schinia indiana, or the phlox moth, is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Mid-Western United States.
The wingspan is about 17–21 mm.
The larvae feed on Phlox pilosa.
References
Schinia
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1908
Kattrin Jadin (born 1 July 1980) is a Belgian politician, currently sitting in the federal parliament and serving as president of the Partei für Freiheit und Fortschritt.
Career
They ran for the Chamber of Representatives for the first time in 2004, failing to be elected. They ran again in 2007, successfully being elected. In 2009, they were named president of the Partei für Freiheit und Fortschritt.
In 2015, they were part of the parliament's inquiry commission into the Volkswagen emissions scandal.
In 2017, they stated that they were in favour of opening a debate on the legalisation of cannabis in Belgium.
In 2019, they were among the candidates rumoured to be running for the leadership of the Reformist Movement. In the end, they chose not to run, endorsing the campaign of Georges-Louis Bouchez instead. In October 2019, they proposed a bill to extend the period in which it abortion is legal in Belgium from until 12 weeks after conception to until 18 weeks.
Personal life
They have a degree in political science and international relations from the Université de Liège, graduating in 2003.
References
External links
- Official website
University of Liège alumni
Belgian women in politics
Partei für Freiheit und Fortschritt politicians
1980 births
Living people
Helena is a village in the Demerara-Mahaica Region of Guyana. Administratively the village is subdivided in Helena No.1 and Helena No.2 and is part of the Mahaica subregion.
History
Helena started as a sugar plantation. By 1896, the plantation was abandoned and purchased by the government of British Guiana to be divided into small lots. The settlement initially suffered from neglect, because many of the owners did not live in the village. In 1848, construction started on the Demerara-Berbice Railway linking Georgetown with New Amsterdam. In August 1864, the railway reached Helena where the Mahaica station opened. The station remained the terminus until 1890 when work resumed. The railway closed in 1972.
Overview
The economy of Helena is mainly based on farming. Helena has a primary school, and a private secondary school. The village has one church and two mandirs. In 2008, a statue of Sir James Douglas, the first governor of British Columbia, was unveiled in front of the former railroad station, because they were born and raised in the region.
References
Populated places in Demerara-Mahaica
The SCW Tag Team Championship was a professional wrestling tag team championship in Southern Championship Wrestling (SCW). It remained active until November 20, 2004 when SCW was closed.
The inaugural champions were The Rat Pack (Jimmy Cicero and Brian Perry), who defeated The Andersons (Pat Anderson and C. W. Anderson) in a tournament final on November 17, 1994 to become the first SCW Tag Team Champions. At 484 days, Sex, Love, and Money's first reign was the longest, while the team's third and final reign, won at SCW's last show, was the shortest, lasting less than one day. With three reigns, Sex, Love, and Money also held the most reigns as a tag team and individually. Overall, there were 29 reigns.
Title history
Key
Names
Reigns
List of combined reigns
Footnotes
References
General
Specific
External links
SCWprowrestling.com
Tag team wrestling championships
Denise D'Ascenzo Cooke (January 30, 1958 December 7, 2019) was an American television news anchor at WFSB-TV in Hartford, Connecticut. They worked there for 33 years (19862019), becoming the longest-serving anchor at WFSB-TV. D'Ascenzo was also the longest-serving news anchor at any Connecticut television station.
Early life and career
Born in Washington, D.C., D'Ascenzo grew up in suburban Rockville, Maryland. The daughter of Salvatore Joseph D'Ascenzo (19252000) and Rita D'Ascenzo, they were one of four sisters.
At an early age, they became interested in journalism: at age 12, they started the first newspaper in their grammar school; they later on became editor-in-chief of their high school newspaper.
D'Ascenzo was the first person to receive a scholarship from the American Newspaper Women's Club, which allowed them to attend a summer journalism program at the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University.
In 1980, during their senior year at Syracuse University, D'Ascenzo landed their first television job at WIXT-TV in Syracuse, where they reported on the weather forecast segment. After graduating magna cum laude from Syracuse with dual degrees in broadcast journalism and political science, they began working full-time as a reporter for WIXT.
D'Ascenzo later worked in St. Louis as a reporter and a talk show host at KSDK-TV. They then moved to Cleveland as a news anchor for WJKW-TV.
For 33 years, from 1986 until their death in 2019, they worked at WFSB-TV, becoming the longest-serving anchor at the station. At the time of their death, D'Ascenzo was also the longest-serving news anchor at any Connecticut television station.
Awards
D'Ascenzo won 12 Emmy Awards, including one for Best Anchor. They also received two Edward R. Murrow Awards, seven Associated Press Awards, and a national Gabriel Award for their work.
In 2013, they were inducted to the Silver Circle, an honor bestowed by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences for their contributions to broadcasting.
In that same year, D'Ascenzo was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from Quinnipiac University.
In 2015, they became the first woman to be inducted into the Connecticut Broadcasters Association Hall of Fame.
Personal life and death
D'Ascenzo was married to their husband Wayne Cooke (born 1955) and have one daughter.
On December 7, 2019, D'Ascenzo died in their sleep at their Branford, Connecticut, home. They were 61 years old. Them family suspects that the cause of death was a heart attack.
On January 29, 2020, Connecticut Governor Ned Lamont announced that they had signed a proclamation declaring Thursday, January 30, 2020, as "Denise D'Ascenzo Day" in the State of Connecticut in recognition of the news anchor's birthday.
See also
2019 deaths in American television
List of Syracuse University people
References
1958 births
2019 deaths
American television news anchors
Journalists from Washington, D.C.
People from Hartford, Connecticut
Syracuse University alumni
American women television presenters
American people of Italian descent
Jim Bernstein is an American television writer.  They are co-creator and executive producer of the Disney XD series Mighty Med.  They are a graduate of the USC School of Cinematic Arts and has been nominated for three Emmy awards. In 2021, they won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing Team for a Daytime Animated Program for Phineas and Ferb the Movie: Candace Against the Universe.
Writer
Hamster & Gretel (2020) TV Series (writer)
Phineas and Ferb the Movie: Candace Against the Universe (2020) Movie (co-writer)—Emmy Award Winner
Milo Murphy's Law (2016) TV Series (writer)
Mighty Med (2013) TV Series (co-creator/executive producer)
Phineas and Ferb (2007) TV Series (writer)—Emmy Nomination
Shane (2007) TV Pilot (co-creator)
American Dad! (2005) TV Series (co-executive producer)—Emmy Nomination
Quintuplets (2004) TV Series (supervising producer)
Andy Richter Controls the Universe TV Series (2002–2004) (producer)
Oliver Beene TV Series (2003) (supervising producer)
Family Guy TV Series (1999–2002) (story editor)
Off Centre TV Series (2001) (consultant)
The Trouble With Normal TV Series (2000) (story editor)
Big Wolf on Campus TV Series (1999–2000) (staff writer)
Homeboys in Outer Space TV Series (1996) (staff writer)
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
USC School of Cinematic Arts alumni
American television writers
Place of birth missing (living people)
American male television writers
Bakhtyuras Shampekuly Besikbayev (; 1920 – 26 June 1941) was a gunner and radio operator in the 207th Long-Range Bomber Aviation Regiment during the Second World War. They were posthumously declared both a Hero of the Russian Federation and a Hero of Kazakhstan after the dissolution of the Soviet Union.
Prewar life
Besikbayev was born in 1920 to a Kazakh family the village of Ilinskoe in the Turkestan ASSR, in the area that is now Almaty, Kazakhstan. Upon reaching military age they were drafted into the Red Army and assigned to the Air Force, where they reached the rank of Junior Sergeant as a radio operator and gunner.
World War II and feat
Soon after the German invasion of the Soviet Union, which began on 22 June 1941, Besikbayev was assigned to the 1st Squadron of the 207th Long-Range Bomber Aviation Regiment, part of the 42nd Long-Range Bomber Aviation Division of the 3rd Long-Range Bomber Aviation Corps on the Western Front, where they flew as rear gunner for pilot Aleksandr Maslov. On 26 June they were killed in action with the rest of the crew after Maslov attacked a German convoy on the Molodechno-Radoshkovichi highway in an Ilyushin Il-4 long-range bomber, possibly from a fire taran attack (the act of ramming a burning aircraft into the ground) initially attributed to Nikolai Gastello. The crew was initially declared missing in action by the Soviet Air Forces and were resultingly considered potential traitors. In 1951 the remains of the crew were identified not as those of the crew of Gastello, who had been declared a Hero of the Soviet Union after being credited with ramming a German tank column after their plane caught fire, but as those of the Maslov crew based on the findings of several military medals and an apartment key. However, the findings were not immediately made public due to Gastello's status as being credited as the first to lead a fire taran attack. In the late 1980s and 1990s many publications concluded that the first ground ramming was conducted by the Maslov crew, leading to all four crew members being posthumously awarded the Order of the Patriotic War, 1st class, in 1992 and the title Hero of the Russian Federation in 1996. In 1998 Besikbayev was declared a Hero of Kazakhstan.
See also
Nurken Abdirov
Bauyrzhan Momyshuly
Rakhimzhan Qoshqarbaev
References
1920 births
1941 deaths
Heroes of the Russian Federation
Heroes of Kazakhstan
Ethnic Kazakh people
Soviet military personnel killed in World War II
People from Semirechye Oblast
People from Almaty Region
Trokut (English: Triangle) is a quarter in Novi Zagreb - zapad (New Zagreb - West). It is surrounded by five other quarters: Kajzerica (north), Remetinec (southwest), Sveta Klara (south), Trnsko (southeast, east) and Savski gaj (west). The quarter's name comes from the word triangle, because of the intersection of three railroads, which has an isosceles triangle shape. Trokut is located in the middle of the intersection. It is administratively part of Savski gaj.
The quarter is made of more than 500 houses. Trokut can be accessed from Trnsko, Savski gaj and Sveta Klara. Dubrovnik Avenue passes through the northern part of the triangle, but remains unconnected by road to the rest.
References
Neighbourhoods of Zagreb
Novi Zagreb
The Vee Cliffs are steep, mainly ice-covered cliffs, 7 km (4 nautical miles) long, between Aurora and the Terror Glacier on the south shore of Ross Island, Antarctica.
The name is suggested by two prominent V-shape wedges which protrude from the cliff wall. The name was first used by Dr. Edward A. Wilson who, with Thomas V. Hodgson of the Discovery expedition in 1901–04, visited the cliffs in November 1903.
Cliffs of Ross Island
Çulhalar is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
First Affair is a 1983 American made-for-television romantic drama film directed by Gus Trikonis, starring Melissa Sue Anderson, Loretta Swit, and Joel Higgins.
Plot
18-year-old Toby King (Melissa Sue Anderson) arrives as a first-year student at Harvard University on a full scholarship. A small-town girl from Nebraska, they are overwhelmed by their co-students. Them roommates are Cathy (Kim Delaney), a Boston native who dreams of becoming a Broadway actor, Karen (Amanda Bearse), a gifted student with an excellent record, and the shy Debbie (Robin Morse). Karen convinces Toby to join the university newspaper for extra credits; here they meet Robert (Charley Lang), who soon develops a crush on Toby. Toby is jealous of their co-students, who live a careless life and are not as affected by the pressure for good marks; Toby constantly worries about losing their scholarship and has difficulty integrating with the other students.
Despite the pressure, Toby accepts a parttime job offer from their literature professor Jane Simon (Loretta Swit) to babysit their children, Jenny (Amanda Helfen) and Collin (Jay Ine). While babysitting, Toby meets and immediately falls for Jane's 40-year-old husband Greg Simon (Joel Higgins), a successful architect who recently has grown tired of their wife after having been married with them for over 16 years. Greg develops a crush on Toby and starts taking them out. Before long, a love affair develops. Toby starts to fall in love with Greg and becomes torn between doing the right thing and following their heart. Ultimately, Jane catches them in the act and kicks Greg out of the house. They decide to try and save their marriage, leaving behind Toby heartbroken. As time passes, they gradually get over Greg and is forgiven by Jane for their actions.
Cast
Melissa Sue Anderson as Toby King
Loretta Swit as Jane Simon
Joel Higgins as Greg Simon
Kim Delaney as Cathy
Amanda Bearse as Karen
Robin Morse as Debbie
Charley Lang as Robert
Robert Curtis Brown as Donald
Diane Shalet as Claire King
Amanda Helfen as Jenny Simon
Jay Ine as Collin Simon
Video/DVD
First Affair was released on VHS by CBS Fox Home Video in 1987.
References
External links
1983 television films
1983 films
American romance films
CBS network films
Films set in Harvard University
Films directed by Gus Trikonis
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Gmina Prochowice is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Its seat is the town of Prochowice, which lies approximately north-east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The gmina covers an area of , and as of 2019 its total population is 7,450.
Neighbouring gminas
Gmina Prochowice is bordered by the gminas of Kunice, Lubin, Malczyce, Ruja, Ścinawa and Wołów.
Villages
Apart from the town of Prochowice, the gmina contains the villages of Cichobórz, Dąbie, Golanka Dolna, Gromadzyń, Kawice, Kwiatkowice, Lisowice, Mierzowice, Motyczyn, Rogów Legnicki, Szczedrzykowice and Szczedrzykowice-Stacja.
Twin towns – sister cities
Gmina Prochowice is twinned with:
Warburg, Germany
References
Prochowice
Legnica County
Silloth was the terminus of the Carlisle and Silloth Bay Railway, a branch railway from Carlisle, England. The town, dock and station at Silloth were built on a greenfield site after the Carlisle & Silloth Bay Railway & Dock Act (1855) was passed. The railway provision grew with the dock and its later additions.
The station was opened in 1856 and closed by the Beeching axe on 7 September 1964, when it had been estimated in 1962 that the line was losing £23,500 a year and rising, staff costs had been pared to the bone and an imminent track bill of £32,500 was to be faced.
Services
Sample timetables along the branch show typical routine patterns. Unfortunately they are undated:
the first does not show , suggesting it is after 1 September 1921, nor does it mention the North British, so it may be 1923–1932, when the branch to closed
the second matches Bradshaw in 1922
the third is from British Railways days.
The Winter 1962–3 timetable shows eight trains each way, Monday to Saturday, with a Saturday extra, as well as three trains on Sundays. The table strikes the eye as being simpler than earlier timetables with:
all trains 2nd Class only
a much better service to
no through trains beyond Carlisle
had closed in 1955.
The line was one of the first in the country to be dieselised, with one train a day remaining steam-hauled.
The branch was atypical in that from the 1880s successive owners had fostered a vigorous trade in "Specials", the cornerstone of which was Carlisle to Silloth and back for a shilling. This was backed by encouraging outings to Silloth by a wide range of customers such as Sunday schools, Temperance clubs and racegoers. Many specials were both long and well-filled; the longest ever was not a trippers' train, but a celebration train for the reopening of Carr's flour mill in 1905.
Freight traffic, which had done well in wartime, notably because it was on the north west coast, was following the pattern of the rest of the country - in decline. Four camping coaches were positioned here by the London Midland Region from 1956 to 1964. There was insufficient shunting to justify keeping the small locoshed open after 6 July 1953 and erstwhile staple business such as flour traffic from Carr's Mill fell from £7000 to £100 per month, the business being lost to road competition.
All tracks to and in Silloth had been removed by 1968.
Redevelopment
The Allerdale council in northern England passed its final approval on a plan to demolish the remaining structure of the station on 8 December 2006. The development firm James Morgan Ltd. was awarded a contract to build new single-family housing on the property. Stuart Hinchliffe, director of the development firm also stated "We will be reinstating as much of the old railway platform as we can, to maintain Silloth's Victorian history."
See also
List of closed railway stations in Britain
References
Sources
Further material
External links
The station on a navigable Edwardian OS map National Library of Scotland
The station on the branch, with mileages Railway Codes
The line with period photographs Holme St Cuthbert History Group
The line and station Cumbrian Railways Association
Images of the battery and railways in Silloth BBC and others
1929 aerial view of the station Britain from above (sign-in needed to zoom)
The station and line Rail Map Online
DMU at the station pinimg
The station in its last days Deborah Irwin
The line in early BR days Deborah Irwin
The station's and line's history Solway Past and Present
The line's opening John Ostle
Early diesels on the line David Heys
Disused railway stations in Cumbria
Former North British Railway stations
Beeching closures in England
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1856
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1964
Silloth
Szabolcs Szollosi may refer to:
Szabolcs Szőllősi (born 1986), Hungarian speed skater
Szabolcs Szöllősi (born 1989), Hungarian handballer
Thirteen Terrors (stylized as ThirTEEN Terrors and known in Thai as Phuean Hian.. Rongrian Lon () is a 2014–2015 Thai horror television drama produced by GTH. The series is an anthology of shorts, with thirteen episodes, each by a different director, and follows a school-secrets horror theme. The series was broadcast on the satellite channel GTH On Air and the new digital terrestrial channel GMM 25.
Episode and Cast
Episode 1: Wanida (วนิดา)
Sananthachat Thanapatpisal as Manaswee Thanapatpisan
Panisara Montharat as Wanida Punyaangkun
Weeranan Sadakorawongwat as Kornkanok Loetpiriya
Suraphon Poonpiriya as Teacher
Nitcha Thitikananon as Manaswee's Mother
Boonchoo Namjaidee as School security guard
Episode 2: Follow to death (ตาย-ตาม)
Sutatta Udomsilp as Im
Parada Thitawachira as Jen
Teetatch Ratanasritai as Ball
Episode 3: Curse (แช่ง)
Chawinroj Likitcharoensakul as Jo
Kemisara Paladesh as Aim
Kanit Wichianwanitchakun as Get / Thachai Kamonploy
Episode 4: Uninvited line (สายไม่ได้รับ (เชิญ))
Thiti Mahayotaruk as Nae
Napat Chokejindachai as Dew
Apasiri Nitibhon as Nae's Mother
Wongravee Nateetorn as Gab
Nitithorn Akkarachotsophon as Dew's friends
Episode 5: Pu Som (ปู่โสม)
Narikun Ketprapakorn as Wan
Sirinya Tantipongwatthana as Cherry
Suchada Poonpatthanasuk as Wan's Mother
Atchariya Kamonpan as Cherry's best friend
Episode 6: Scare beautiful (สวยสยอง)
Chutavuth Pattarakampol as Aun
Thunyanun Pipatchaisiri as Fun Promthida Arisuk (in Music)
Wassana Chalakorn as Sri Aunt
Chulalak Thepissaradech as Fun (real)
Natchapongtorn Kesornsuwan as Tot (Aun's Friends)
Episode 7: Break the rules in night (คืนแหกกฎ)
Sirachuch Chienthavorn as Nut
Sikarin Setsurapricha as J.
Chirayus Khaobaimai as Now
Phakamas Kanchanaburangkoon as Pai
Theeracha Raiwa as Khem
Chompoo Prasert as Security guard
Episode 8: Secretly taking shots (แอบถ่าย)
Gunn Junhavat as Turk
Saruda Kietwarawuth as Orm
Thanyaluck Chokthanadech as Mind
Natnicha Leuanganankun as Deedee
Daisuke Sukikawa as Thada Teacher
Laksanaporn Kotkunthara as Kib
Episode 9: Instinct (อจินไตย)
Nichaphat Chatchaipholrat as Palm paradee
Phawadee Kumchokpaisan as Bee chonthicha
Pimlapat Surapan as Thip Thipwan
Narinlaya Kunmongkolpet as View witchuda
Pimmada Thaisomboonsuk as Abha Teacher
Episode 10: Stains (คราบ)
Kanyawee Songmuang as Tong Thitima Kasempaisan
Chananya Saendech as Praew
Awat Rattanapintha as Jack
Chirawat Wachirasaranpat as Teacher Wanchana Srikansakun
Chinchutha Rattanaburi as Pinto Naphaphorn Wangchertwong/Weerakietdamrong
Episode 11: Roommate (เพื่อนร่วมห้อง)
Athittaya Craigg as Nina
Chanthana Kitiyapan as Su Aunt
Worawuth Rithreuang as Nina's Uncle
Alexsandra Abbing as Jamie (Nina's friends)
Episode 12: Sound on the line (เสียงตามสาย)
Sarit Tarailoetwichia as Att
Teeradon Supapunpinyo as Game
Nareupornkamol Chaisaeng as Dear
Adithep Anan as Oh
Theerawuth Hiranyawatthanangkoon as Song
Thanyaboon Boonprasert as Wisarut
Sumontha Suanpholrat as Nath Teacher
Saifa Tanthana as Taweewat Teacher
Episode 13: Blue Night (คืนสีน้ำเงิน)
Oabnithi Wiwattanawarang as Poom
Atthaphan Phunsawat as Tam
Panatchai Kittisatima as Tam's Brother
Duangjai Hirunsri as Tam's Mother
Episode 14: ThirTEEN Terrors Awards
Napat Chokejindachai as MC
References
Television series by GMM Tai Hub
2014 Thai television series debuts
Horror drama television series
2015 Thai television series endings
The 2018 Overwatch League season was the inaugural season for the Overwatch League, an esports league based on the video game Overwatch which began on January 10, 2018. Regular season play continued through June 16, 2018, while post-season play ran from July 11–28, 2018. The London Spitfire won the Grand Finals over the Philadelphia Fusion to become the League champions, with the Spitfire's Park "Profit" Jun-young named the Finals MVP. An All-Star Weekend was held following the post-season from August 25–26, 2018.
Schedule
The season's format and schedule were announced in November 2017. The inaugural regular season ran from January 10 to June 17, 2018, broken out into four stages. Each stage lasted five weeks, with a one-week break between each stage. Each regular season week featured twelve games, three matches per day from Wednesday to Saturday, with each team having played in two games that week. During stages one and two of season one, at the end of each stage, the top three teams across both divisions, based on their standings in that stage, played a final set of matches to win a prize with the runner-up taking a prize. As of season one stage three, four teams made each stage playoff. The #1 seed chose their opponent in the first round between the remaining three qualified teams. These matches are played on the final day of the stage.
The season's free agency signing window opened on January 22, 2018, and closed on April 3, 2018 (the start of Stage 3). During this period, teams could sign any eligible free agent player or make trades with other teams. Any player on a new team contract before the start of Stage 2 on February 21, 2018, was eligible to play during Stage 2. Otherwise, they had to wait until the start of Stage 3. After April 3, team rosters could not be changed until after the completion of the post-season games.
The post-season playoffs were held over three weeks in July 2018. It was a single-elimination playoff featuring 6 teams: each division leader, and the next top four teams from both divisions, with their position seeded by their standings. The Grand Finals were held on July 26 and 27, 2018.
All matches in the inaugural season (except for the Grand Finals) were played at the 350-seat Blizzard Arena, located on the former soundstage for The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson in Burbank, California. Games were broadcast on the Overwatch League's website and through Major League Gaming (owned by Blizzard), and by third-party broadcaster Twitch. The Grand Finals were played at Barclays Center in New York City, where all 11,000 seats available were sold out for both days of the event.
Pre-season
Pre-season matches were held from December 6 to 8, 2017. Pre-season matches are exhibition only, and do not count towards the regular season standings. The Philadelphia Fusion had to pull out of pre-season play just before these events, citing "player logistics issues".
Broadcast and viewership
The Overwatch League began the season with a two-year exclusive contract for Overwatch League broadcasting. Its debut week held an overall peak of 441,000 concurrent viewers on its three Twitch channels, with 392,000 English, 65,000 Korean, and 11,500 French viewers. Through the season, average online viewership ran between 80,000 and 170,000. At least 310,000 viewers watched the final match of the Grand Finals.
On the first day of the season playoffs, Disney and Blizzard announced a multi-year partnership that would bring the league and other professional Overwatch competitive events to ESPN, Disney XD, and ABC, starting with the playoffs and throughout all of the following season. Nielsen ratings for the Grand Finals include a 0.18 rating (approximately 218,000 households) for the Friday match airing on ESPN, while the recap of the series airing on ABC on the Sunday after the event had a 0.3 rating (approximately 359,000 households). Blizzard estimated that over a million people were watching the Grand Finals at any time, between broadcast and streaming formats, with a total viewership of over 10.8 million.
Regular season
A team's standing is based on both their overall match win–loss record, with ties broken by their overall round record.
At the end of Stages 1 and 2, the top three teams overall in the current stage, regardless of division, made the stage playoffs. The first seeded team earned a bye, with the second and third seeded teams playing a best-of-5 series to advance to the stage finals. Beginning with Stage 3 of the 2018 season, Blizzard announced changes to the Stage Playoff format. Introduced was a four-team Stage playoffs going forward, so that both teams in the final match will have played the same number of games on that day. The first seed has the option of selecting their opponent for the first round and has home team advantage, with the remaining two teams assigned based on seed ranking. These stage playoffs have no effect on overall standings and are only for bonus prize money.
Teams' overall standings were used for placement in the post-season playoffs. The top team of each division received an automatic bye, while the next top four teams, regardless of division, filled in the remaining tournament slots.
Overall standings
Stage 1
Stage 1 ran from January 10, 2018, to February 10, 2018, with Stage playoffs occurring on February 10, 2018.
Standings
Source: Overwatch League
Playoffs
With a league best 9–1 stage record, the New York Excelsior earned a bye directly into the stage finals. In the semifinal match, the Houston Outlaws took an early 1–0 lead over the London Spitfire, but were ultimately defeated 3–1. In the stage final, the New York Excelsior took a commanding 2–0 lead over the Spitfire, but New York could not secure their third match win. The London Spitfire completed a reverse sweep, winning the series 3–2 and their first stage title.
Stage 2
Stage 2 ran from February 21 to March 24. Following Stage 1, Blizzard took input from players and fans and moved all future Stage playoff matches to Sunday, with Stage 2's playoffs taking place on March 25. This avoided a twelve-hour day of matches, which could see a team playing as many as three different matches in the same day. Stage two introduced the Overwatch patch that weakened Mercy's resurrection abilities, which outside of League play had caused them to be played less frequently.
Standings
Source: Overwatch League
Playoffs
The New York Excelsior finished with the best stage record again, earning another bye into the stage finals. The semifinal match featured the London Spitfire, looking to repeat on their Stage 1 championship, against the Philadelphia Fusion. The Fusion won the series, 3–2.
In the finals, the Fusion took 2–0 lead over the Excelsior, though New York came back and completed a reverse sweep to win the series and their first stage title.
Stage 3
Stage 3 ran from April 4 to May 5, with the stage playoffs occurring on May 6. This stage introduced a four-team stage playoffs format so both teams in the final match will have played the same number of games on that day. The first seed was given the option of selecting their opponent for the first round and received home team advantage, with the remaining two teams assigned based on seed ranking. Stage 3 introduced the Hybrid map "Blizzard World," which was released in November 2017, to the map pool. Stage 3 also introduced the patch that buffed Sombra's abilities, making them a more frequent component in winning team combinations.
Standings
Source: Overwatch League
Playoffs
Following the conclusion of Stage 3, the top seeded Boston Uprising became the first team in Overwatch League history to go undefeated in a stage. As the top seed, they earned the right to choose their first round opponent for the stage playoffs. They chose the fourth seed Los Angeles Gladiators, achieving a 3–0 match win. The second seed New York Excelsior also defeated the Los Angeles Valiant with a 3–0 win. The Excelsior won the final match over the Uprising in a 3–0 victory, marking their second stage championship win.
Stage 4
Stage 4 ran from May 16 to June 16, with the Stage playoffs occurring on June 17. Teams competed using the version of Overwatch which first introduced the support hero Brigitte, but prior to a patch that adjusted their strength and which introduced a revamped skill kit for Hanzo. The decision to play on the former patch was made due to a bug in the later patch that could not be fixed before the start of Stage 4.
Standings
Source: Overwatch League
Playoffs
After the group stage, the Los Angeles Gladiators finished atop the league via a map differential tiebreaker. They earned the right to choose their opponent for the first round of the playoffs. For the first time in this selection process, the team with the best record did not choose the lowest ranked team. They choose their crosstown rivals, the second-seeded Los Angeles Valiant. The Valiant won the series in 5 maps. In the next series, the two-time stage champion New York Excelsior defeated the Dallas Fuel, 3–2. The Excelsior were unable to win their third consecutive stage championship, losing to the Valiant, 3–1.
Playoffs
After the regular season, the New York Excelsior and the Los Angeles Valiant finished atop their respective divisions, earning first-round byes. The next four remaining teams, Boston Uprising, Los Angeles Gladiators, London Spitfire, and Philadelphia Fusion, were seeded according to regular season record, regardless of division. The third-seeded Uprising played the sixth-seeded Fusion, while the fourth-seeded Gladiators played the fifth-seeded Spitfire. Each series was the best of 3 matches (each match was best of 5 maps). The winners of the two semifinal matches advanced to the Grand Finals, which took place at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York from July 27–28.
Bracket
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Grand Finals
Awards
From JJonak's MVP award, Blizzard created a special cosmetic skin for Zenyatta, the character that JJonak most frequently played, which was offered to viewers and players during the 2019 season.
All-Star Game
The 2018 Overwatch League All-Star Game was the Overwatch League's first edition of an all-star game that involved the All-Star players of the league. The game was played on August 26, 2018, and was the culmination of the league's All-Star Weekend, a two-day event that consisted of Lúcioball, Mystery Heroes, a Widowmaker 1v1 tournament, Talent Takedown, and Lockout Elimination. All of the events were played at Blizzard Arena in Burbank, California. The game was televised by Disney XD and ESPN3 and streamed live on Twitch.
Winnings
Teams in the first season competed for a total prize pool of across regular season play, stage finals, and playoffs. By league rules, at least 50% of these winnings were split among the team's members, the remaining going to the team's owner.
References
External links
Overwatch
Janowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 30.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Anita Andreassen (born 9 October 1960) is a Norwegian mushing competitor, and they have also competed in cycling and in cross country skiing.  They are three times world champion in mushing.
Mushing
They received a bronze medal at the 1991 world championship, and gold medals in 1992, 1993 and 1994.  They are three times European champion (2 individual, 1 relay), and several times National champion in mushing.
Other sports
Andreassen was national champion in road cycling in 1979. They were a member of the national team from 1977 to 1980, and has represented Norway in the world championships.
They have also competed successfully in cross country skiing.
Awards
Andreassen was awarded Egebergs Ærespris in 1996. They received Troms idrettskrets's medal of honor in 1982, and again "with star" in 2004, for their later achievements.
References
1960 births
Living people
Norwegian dog mushers
Norwegian female cyclists
Norwegian female cross-country skiers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Maltol is a naturally occurring organic compound that is used primarily as a flavor enhancer. It is found in the bark of larch tree, in pine needles, and in roasted malt (from which it gets its name). It is a white crystalline powder that is soluble in hot water, chloroform, and other polar solvents. Because it has the odor of cotton candy and caramel, maltol is used to impart a sweet aroma to fragrances. Maltol's sweetness adds to the odor of freshly baked bread, and is used as a flavor enhancer (INS number 636) in breads and cakes.
Maltol, like related 3-hydroxy-4-pyrones such as kojic acid, binds to hard metal centers such as Fe3+, Ga3+, Al3+, and VO2+. Related to this property, maltol has been reported to greatly increase aluminum uptake in the body and to increase the oral bioavailability of gallium and iron.
It is known in the European E number food additive series as E636.
Derivatives
Some synthetic derivatives of maltol, developed at the University of Urbino, showed limited in vitro antiproliferative activity towards cancer cells lines, perhaps inducing apoptosis in these cells.
See also
Ethyl maltol
Ferric maltol
Gallium maltolate
5-Hydroxymaltol
Isomaltol
References
Flavors
Food additives
Flavor enhancers
4-Pyrones
Enols
Sweet-smelling chemicals
Bharti Telemedia Limited, doing business as Airtel Digital TV, is an Indian direct-broadcast satellite service provider owned and operated by Bharti Airtel. Its satellite service, launched in October 2008, transmits digital satellite television and audio to households in India. It has a total subscriber base of 10.07 million as of 30 March 2015.
Products
On 4 May 2010, Airtel digital TV announced the launch of its HD+ recorder. On 24 May 2011, Airtel announced that its digital TV HD and HD-DVR boxes are software-enabled to view standard-definition (SD) content up-scaled to 1080i HD.
Technical information
Airtel Digital TV's standard-definition broadcasts are in MPEG-4 with Interactive Service and 7-day Electronic Programme Guide. A universal remote is included in the package that can, over IR frequencies, control both the TV and the DTH box. Airtel Digital TV HD provides channels of resolution 1080p pixel with a 16:9 aspect ratio. The set-top box is compatible with 7.1 Channel Dolby digital Plus surround sound and is the first HD set-top box in India to be compliant with the standard.
Services
Airtel Digital TV provides on-demand services on connected boxes that includes a catalog of movies, TV series and other programmes across English and various Indian languages. It also offers interactive services such as , , and games.
References
External links
Television networks in India
Direct broadcast satellite services
Digital television
High-definition television
Mass media companies based in Delhi
Indian companies established in 2008
Mass media companies established in 2008
Bharti Airtel
Indian brands
Warburg Pincus companies
2008 establishments in Delhi
Plewniak is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Plewniak
The Chivyrkuisky Isthmus is a broad land bridge that connects the island-like mountainous part of the Svyatoy Nos ("Holy Nose") peninsula to the eastern shore of Lake Baikal. The isthmus and the "island" are part of the Zabaykalsky (Trans-Baikal) National Park of the Republic of Buryatia.
The isthmus is a roughly trapezoidal region of low-lying swapy terrain, about 15 km long, 24 km wide at the southeast (mainland) end, and 8 km wide at the northwest ("island") end. Both ends are limited by mountainous terrain. The northeast and southwest shores are smooth and gently curved inward, about 11 and 20 km long, respectively. The southwest shore of the isthmus ends next to the town of Ust-Barguzin. The isthmus divides the strait between the island and the mainland into two bays, Chivyrkuisky Bay at the northeast and Barguzinsky Bay at the southwest.
Thousands of years ago the isthmus did not exist, and Svyatoi Nos was an island. It was created by alluvial sediments of the Barguzin River.
Chivyrkuisky Isthmus is one of the three nesting areas of Baikal's waterfowl and birds of prey. It is an unusual alternation of sand bars and coastal marshes, showing species of mountainous and steppe vegetation growing side by side. Some trees like bird cherry and common pines grow close to ground, as creeping bush. Sand levees stretch for many kilometers along the banks of the isthmus.
The isthmus is almost divided in two by a shallow body of water, Lake Arangatuy (or Bol'shoy Sor), measuring about 13 by 7 km and about 54 km2 of area. The lake is fed on the eastern side by streams from the mainland, and its outlet is near the north corner of the isthmus, near the "island", just east of the small village of Monakhovo - Zmeyevaya. The lake and its bays are inhabited by dace, perch, pike, and other types of fish. Many rare bird species nest on its shores: whooper swan, black-throated loon, Eurasian curlew, and others.
The southwest side of the isthmus is a beach of exceptionally clean sand, Myagkaya Karga. The road leading to the Svyatoi Nos crosses the isthmus parallel to the beach.
The Kulina marshes have about 120 mud volcanoes (gryphons) and hydrothermal springs, on land and underwater, scattered over about 40 km2. The waters may be up to 80 °C, and contain high levels of dissolved salts and other chemicals, up to 3 g/L – chiefly sodium sulfate, chloride, and fluoride, as well as silicic acid. The gryphons range in diameter from 20 cm to 7 m, and are responsible for many small shallow warm brackish ponds, round or oval, with depths ranging from 0.5 to 5.0 m, and areas from 10 to 300 m2, whose level may be up to 1 meter above or below the level of Lake Baikal. The largest ones cover up to 2500 m2. The springs also form wam rivers that rarely or never freeze in winter. The main group of those hydrothermal-fed lakes, which includes Lake Bormashov, near the mouth of the Barguzin river. The waters and bottom mud (sapropel) are reputed to have health properties.
Until recently, the settlement Kulinoe, Buryatia was located near an active mud volcano. Due to the threat of gas poisoning and livestock poisoning by the salty water, residents were forced to relocate.
References
Isthmuses of Russia
Landforms of Buryatia
Donald R. Davis is an American economist.  They are the Ragnar Nurkse Professor of Economics at Columbia University.
Biography
Davis received their B.A. from the University of California, Berkeley and Ph.D. from Columbia University. They taught at Harvard University before joining Columbia's faculty in 1999, and was appointed chair of the economics department in 2001.
Davis' research focuses on testing international trade theories and their theoretical contributions include improving the Heckscher–Ohlin model by relaxing assumptions underlying factor price equalization to generate high predictive success using the model to forecast international trade. Their research scholarship has focused on economic geography and the inequality within cities.
References
Living people
Columbia University faculty
Harvard University faculty
Columbia Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
American economists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jackson School may refer to:
in the United States
Sheldon Jackson School, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP), Sitka, Alaska
Jackson School of Global Affairs, Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut
Andrew Jackson High School (Jacksonville, Florida)
Andrew Jackson Language Academy, of Chicago Public Schools, Chicago, Illinois
Jackson City School, K-12 school in Jackson, Kentucky
Andrew Jackson Academy, of Prince George's County Public Schools, in Forestville, Maryland
Jackson School (St. Louis, Missouri), listed on the NRHP in St. Louis, Missouri
Jackson Jr. High School, Sandusky, Ohio, listed on the NRHP in Sandusky, Ohio
Jackson School (Enid, Oklahoma), NRHP-listed
Andrew Jackson School, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (listed in the NRHP as "Federal Street School" and renamed "Fanny Jackson Coppin School" in 2021)
University School of Jackson, Jackson, Tennessee, college prep school
Stonewall Jackson School (Virginia), Richmond, Virginia, NRHP-listed
The Henry M. Jackson School of International Studies, University of Washington, Seattle, Washington
See also
Jackson College (disambiguation)
Jackson University (disambiguation)
Jackson High School (disambiguation)
Jackson Elementary School (disambiguation)
Jackson Academy (disambiguation)
John Hare may refer to:
John Hare (MP died 1613), English MP for Horsham (UK Parliament constituency)
Sir John Hare (MP died 1637) (1603–1637), English MP for Aylesbury 1625, Evesham 1626 and King's Lynn 1628
John Hare, 1st Viscount Blakenham (1911–1982), British Conservative MP and government minister
John Hare (actor) (1844–1921), British actor and theatre manager
John Hare (bishop) (1912–1976), Anglican Bishop of Bedford
John Hare (conservationist) (1934–2022), British explorer, author, and conservationist
John E. Hare (born 1949), British philosopher
John Hare, Jr., Canadian politician
John Hare Powel (1786-1856), born John Powel Hare, American agriculturalist, politician, art collector, and philanthropist
Jack Hare (1920–2009), Canadian politician
Jon Hare (born 1966), British computer game designer
John Bruno Hare (1955–2010), the founder of Internet Sacred Text Archive
Shortly before midnight on Saturday, 31 December 2016, at 23:50 BRST (01:50 GMT on Sunday, 1 January 2017), a man named Sidnei Araujo entered a home where a New Year's party was taking place and opened fire at the gathering with a 9mm semi-automatic handgun. Araujo killed 12 people, including their estranged wife and their eight-year-old son, and wounded three others before committing suicide by shooting himself. Although the crime is under investigation, the motive is believed to be anger over separation with their wife. A recording of Araujo was later found in their car in which they apologize for something that would happen, without indicating specifically what it would be.
See also
List of massacres in Brazil
References
Deaths by firearm in Brazil
Mass murder in 2016
Mass shootings in Brazil
Massacres in Brazil
Familicides
Suicides by firearm in Brazil
Murder–suicides in South America
21st century in São Paulo
December 2016 events in South America
December 2016 crimes in South America
2016 murders in Brazil
2016 mass shootings in South America
Attacks during the New Year celebrations
The King of Shaves Company, Ltd. is a British toiletries company headquartered in Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire, England. The King of Shaves brand was founded in 1993 by Will King. The company was demerged from Knowledge & Merchandising Inc. Ltd. on 1 June 2009. It is owned by The King of Shaves Holding Company Ltd.
History
Will King founded Knowledge & Merchandising Inc., Ltd. (KMI) the company which owned the King of Shaves brand in 1993.
In 2009, The King of Shaves Company Ltd. was demerged from KMI, and the company appointed Atul Sharma as CFO and Chris Outram as Non-Executive Chairman of both The King of Shaves Company Ltd. and KMI (now KMI Brands Ltd).
Since 2009, King of Shaves has used a business model similar to that used by Coca-Cola, with a central office controlling research and development, whilst production and point of sale is localized to a specific market. The success of this model has varied. Though in 2009 the company's merchandise was stocked in at least 7 separate countries, from 2007 the turnover went from £13.9 million, to £25 million in 2008, to £10 million by 2012.
On 22 June 2009, the company announced a "Shaving Bond" issue of up to five thousand £1,000 non-transferable and non-convertible bonds, which was reported in the press and described by Will King as being an "innovative way to potentially raise money from up to 5,000 brand enthusiasts". The issue was overseen by FSA regulated accountancy firm BDO Stoy Hayward with legal advice provided by Memery Crystal LLP.
In October 2011 The King of Shaves Company signed a multi-year agreement with Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc, owner of Remington branded electrical grooming products, to exclusively distribute King of Shaves products in the US and Canada. The distribution agreement was dissolved in 2012 after 'breaches of contract' by Spectrum Brands.
On 27 October 2014 it was announced that Will King would be stepping down as CEO, with Andy Hill appointed as the new CEO.
Razors and blades
King of Shaves launched a 4-blade razor (called the Azor) in the UK in late 2008. They launched a 5-blade razor (called the Azor 5) in the UK in early 2011. The cartridges featured blades manufactured by Kai Industries in Japan (a shareholder in King of Shaves). The Azor 5 was discontinued in early 2014 and was replaced by the Hyperglide system razor. All the razors have been designed and manufactured in the UK, with cartridges developed in collaboration with Kai.
Mergers and acquisitions
In March 2008 KMI acquired the issued share capital of Floraroma Ltd., which owns women's toiletries brands including Phil Smith, Delicious Beauty, Dead Sea Source, Little Me, Derma-Mum and Floracologie. In October 2009, KMI acquired the Naked skincare brand.
Criticism
In 2009 the company offered savings bonds with 6% pa interest rate to consumers. These savings bonds rely on the company's growth in order to fund the returns. This scheme was not covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme and at the time of application consumers were unable to get reports on how well the company was performing.
In 2012 a fresh batch of bonds is released to existing Bondholders only, though the ability to redeem them has been withheld for a number of years, with no change to their status with regulators.
All the bonds were redeemed at the end of their period and investors received all their money back as well as the interest promised.
Sponsorships
King of Shaves has sponsored athletes throughout Great Britain. During 2006 they sponsored John Terry and P1 Offshore Powerboat. later years, they sponsored both Chrissy Palmer for MRF Formula Ford races, but also Jordan King, son of Justin King (former CEO of Sainsbury's), during their F3 races.
2012 saw the company sponsor James Ellington the "eBay" athlete and back the Welsh Extreme 40 catamaran.
References
External links
Official consumer website for King of Shaves
Official USA website for King of Shaves
Personal care brands
British brands
Shaving
Shaving cream brands
Male grooming brands
Łomianki Chopina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomianki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Łomianki, north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Jay Rand (born March 4, 1950 in Lake Placid, New York) is an American former ski jumper who competed at the 1968 Winter Olympics.
References
1950 births
Living people
People from Lake Placid, New York
American male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of the United States
Ski jumpers at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Baldur Þór Bjarnason (born 3 July 1969) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a forward. They won 11 caps for the Iceland national football team between 1991 and 1993.
References
Baldur Þór Bjarnason international appearances at ksi.is
1969 births
Living people
Baldur Thor Bjarnason
Association football forwards
Baldur Thor Bjarnason
Baldur Thor Bjarnason
Baldur Thor Bjarnason
Stjarnan players
Phi Kaps may refer to the following fraternities or their members:
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Kappa Theta
The Moragolla Dam is a planned hydroelectric dam in Moragolla, Sri Lanka. The dam is to be high and is planned to create the Moragolla Reservoir with a maximum supply level at MSL. Upon completion, the Moragolla Power Station would have a gross installed capacity of from two francis turbines, capable of generating approximately annually.
Preliminary assessments and feasibility studies of the hydroelectric dam and power station began on , with an estimated commissioning date in 2021. The dam is planned to impound the Mahaweli River at Weliganga and have five spillways, with the powerhouse located approximately from the tailrace discharge of the Kotmale Power Station.
Environmental impact
The construction of the Moragolla Dam and underground penstocks posed significant threats to the endangered green labeo fish species in the project site. This has caused many delays and added cost to the development of the hydropower facility.
Energy
Moragolla is the last major Hydro Power Plant in Mahaweli Ganga Hydro Power Scheme. The project site is located on the upper reaches of the Mahaweli Ganga in the Central Highlands, approximately 22 km south of Kandy City close to the village of Ulapane in the Kandy district and about 130 km North-East of Colombo.
Green Power Development & Energy Efficiency Improvement Investment Programme of Ceylon Electricity Board funded by Asian Development Bank with the Project Consultancy of Nippon Koei Co. Limited, Japan and Fitchner GmbH, Germany formulated this 30 MW Hydro Power Project.
Minel Lanka is the Bid Consultant for China Gezhouba Group Co. Limited, China in Project Lot A2 - Main Civil Construction Works to become the First Chinese EPC company to win a Power Generation Project in Sri Lanka under International Competitive Bidding and Financing.
Moragolla Hydro Power Plant consists of 37 m high dam with five spillway gates, intake, head race tunnel, surge tank, penstock tunnel and shaft, power house with switchyard, relocation of irrigation and access roads.
See also
List of power stations in Sri Lanka
References
Dams in Sri Lanka
Hydroelectric power stations in Sri Lanka
Anna Mkapa (born Anna Joseph Maro) served as the third First Lady of Tanzania from 1995 to 2005.  They are the widow of former President Benjamin Mkapa.
First Lady of Tanzania (1995-2005)
As First Lady of Tanzania, Anna Mkapa was a strong advocate for improving the lives of children and women. In 1997, they founded the nonprofit Equal Opportunity for All Trust Fund (EOTF). They promoted women's economic, social, and political status. They helped female entrepreneurs, increased female representation in parliament, and ensured maternal healthcare and reproductive rights were included in the White Ribbon Alliance's healthcare initiative. The public affectionately referred to them as "Mama Mkapa" and "Dada (sister in Swahili) Mkapa".
Honours and awards
Awards
1999: Graven Award by Wartburg College
2016: Order of the Smile Award
Honorary degrees
Briar Cliff College, Honorary degree, 1999
Wartburg College, Doctor of Humane Letters, 2002
References
First Ladies of Tanzania
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Goodnight Mister Tom is a 1998 film adaptation by Carlton Television of the novel of the same name by Michelle Magorian. The film was directed by Jack Gold, in their final film. The cast featured well-known British actors, including veteran actor John Thaw.
Plot
In September 1939, the United Kingdom declares war on Nazi Germany, and children are evacuated from London to the countryside for their safety. Tom Oakley, a lonely and bitter old man living in the countryside village of Little Weirwold, is forced to look after one of the evacuees, William "Willie" Beech. Tom has long since withdrawn from life after losing their wife and child to scarlet fever many years before, while Willie is a quiet young boy who comes from an abusive home and is apprehensive of Tom.
Despite initial difficulties combined with their reluctance to care for Willie, Tom later takes pity on Willy after learning about their abusive upbringing and does their best to create a suitable home for Willie, such as providing them with new clothes and helping to educate him. Willie's new life with Tom eventually boosts their self-confidence and they open up to Tom, looking up to them as a surrogate father figure. They also meet and becomes best friends with a Jewish boy, Zacharias "Zach" Wrench. However, shortly after Willie's tenth birthday, Tom receives a letter from Mrs. Beech, who claims to be ill and needs Willie back in London to look after them
When Willie reunites with their mother, they discover that they lied to get them to return and is completely fine. Willie also meets their baby half-sister, Trudy. Mrs. Beech claims they are a "present from Jesus", and Willie is too young and naïve to consider any other scenario. It is obvious, however, that Mrs. Beech has been made much more uneasy by the Blitz, and after an argument sparked by their discovery of the absence of the belt (which Willie discarded), Mrs. Beech sends Willie to their room for the night. The next day, Mrs. Beech seems better after suffering a mental breakdown, but when Willie presents them with gifts that the locals from Little Weirwold had given him, and tells them about some of their friends, they accuse them of stealing and is angry they had been interacting with girls and Jews. They finally pummel them and eventually locks them in the cupboard under the stairs after they tell them that Jesus was a Jew. Back in Little Weirwold, Tom starts missing Willie greatly. Initially they think Willie has moved on from him, until they find the belt they threw a few days earlier. Tom has an instinct that Willie is in danger.
After spending the night in an air raid shelter, Tom enlists the help of an A.R.P. Warden, Ralph, to find Willie's address. They are informed by a neighbour, unaware that Willie has returned from evacuation, that Mrs. Beech has left. Sammy detects a strange smell from the house and Tom breaks the door down. Sammy leads Tom and Ralph to the cupboard under the stairs, which appears to be the source of a vile stench. They find Willie bloodied and battered, but still alive, and chained to the closet wall.  They are also holding Trudy, who has died. Tom visits Willie in the hospital and meets Dr. Stelton, a child psychiatrist who works with a children's home in Sussex. Stelton wishes to take Willie to the children's home as they believe they need psychiatric treatment, although they promise to attempt to trace any surviving relatives that Willie might have. It is during a discussion with Ralph that Tom learns about Willie's early childhood; Willie's father was a violent wife-beating alcoholic who choked to death on their own vomit. Tom decides that it would be best for Willie to return to Little Weirwold and kidnaps them from the hospital.
Willie gradually recovers from their injuries and reunites with Zach and the others. While speaking with Zach, Willie learns about the concept of sex, something their mother raised them to believe was "something dirty" and unacceptable, and realises that their mother themselves had been having a relationship with another man, which resulted in the birth of Trudy. Eventually, Stelton and some social workers come to Tom's house with the news that Willie's mother is dead, having committed suicide. They intend to take Willie to the children's home, but Willie and Tom protest. Tom explains a bad dream that Willie has repeatedly been having regarding this exact event, and argues that they need to be with someone who loves him.
Tom speaks alone with an official from the Home Office, Mr. Greenway, and persuades them that the only reason they want Willie back is because they love them like their own son and that Willie has clearly been happier with them than they ever are when they lived with their mother. Mr. Greenway accepts Tom's story and allows them to adopt Willie. Unfortunately, Willie's newfound happiness is cut short when Zach receives a phone call from their mother, saying that London's East End was bombed while their father was there, and they want to see Zach one last time in case they die. Zach is then killed in another air raid, and the news devastates Willie, causing them to withdraw from life. Tom, however, remembers how they felt when they lost their own family, and in an attempt to stop Willie going down the same path they did, gives Willie a heartfelt speech that while a loved one may physically be gone, they will always live on inside someone else's heart.
Willie eventually overcomes their grief and teaches themselves how to ride the bicycle Zach left behind. In the film's final scene, Willie rides the bicycle down the long hill and stops just in front of an impressed Tom, whom they address as "Dad" for the first time.
Cast
John Thaw as Tom Oakley
Nick Robinson as William Beech
Annabelle Apsion as Mrs Beech
Thomas Orange as Zacharias Wrench
William Armstrong as Dr Stelton
Geoffrey Beevers as Vicar
Mossie Smith as Mrs Fletcher
Peter England as Michael Fletcher
Ivan Berry as George Fletcher
Harry Capehorn as Edward Fletcher
Merelina Kendall as Mrs Holland
Marlene Sidaway as Mrs Webster
John Cater as Dr Little
Denyse Alexander as Mrs Little
Avril Elgar as Mrs Ford
Pauline Turner as Annie Hartridge
Awards
National Television Awards 1999: Best Drama for Goodnight Mister Tom
BAFTA 1999: Lew Grade Award for Most Popular Television Programme of 1998 for Goodnight Mister Tom
Television & Radio Industries Club Award 1999: Best ITV/Channel 5 Programme of 1998 for Goodnight Mister Tom
References
External links
British television films
Carlton Television
Films directed by Jack Gold
Television series by ITV Studios
British World War II films
1998 films
Films based on British novels
Films based on children's books
Films set in 1939
Films set in the United Kingdom
1990s British films
72 kDa inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatase, also known as phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 5-phosphatase or Pharbin, is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the INPP5E gene.
Function
INPP5E is a phosphatidylinositol (3,4,5)-trisphosphate (PtdInsP3) and phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate 5-phosphatase. Its intracellular localization is the primary cilium, a small organelle involved in signal transduction. INPP5E plays a role in hydrolyzing PtdInsP3 produced in response to various growth factors such as PDGF. Inactivation of the mouse INPP5E gene decreases primary cilia stability, leading to a multiorgan disorder, including absence of eyes, polydactyly, exencephaly and renal cysts.
Clinical significance
Mutations in the INPP5E are associated with MORM syndrome and Joubert syndrome.
References
Further reading
EC 3.1.3
Josabeth Fredrica Paulina Sjöberg (30 June 1812 – 29 December 1882) was a Swedish painter and music teacher.  They are best known for the interior portraits they made of their twelve successive homes in Södermalm, where they spent most of their life. They also did a series of interiors from churches and retirement homes for women.
Biography
Sjöberg was born in Stockholm, Sweden. They came from a family in the upper ranks of the bourgeoisie. Them mother, (1771–1831), was an actor and singer who spent most of their time reading. Them father, Nils Sjöberg. was a Chancellor at the Royal Swedish Army Material Administration (Krigskollegium), although they may have been musically talented as well. Johanna died when Josabeth was eighteen and Nils followed two years later, leaving them without a means of support. As a result their older brother, Nils, who was a Master Builder's apprentice, became their guardian. They shared an apartment with a widow until they got married, then Josabeth lived by herself.
At that time, it was common for young women of that social stratum to receive music and drawing lessons. It would appear that they were otherwise self-taught. Living very frugally and moving frequently, they were able to support themselves doing occasional illustrations for the publisher, (1827– 1909), and giving music lessons for the guitar and piano. They may also have worked as a governess. An inheritance in the 1860s did little to change their lifestyle, although a change in their painting style indicates that they may have used some of the money for drawing lessons.
Little is known of their social life, although it is assumed that they kept in touch with their two sisters, Sophia and Emilia, and their childhood friends. Ferdinand Tollin (1807–1865), an artist who was a family friend, may have been the one who suggested that they take up painting. One of their nieces recalls the visits of "Mamsell" Sjöberg (as they were known) and remembers them as always wearing a large black hat and carrying a box of watercolors. It was said that they were also quite clumsy and was generally in poor health. One of their watercolors shows them receiving medical attention from Doctor (1818–1888) for what was likely a breast tumor.
Shortly before their death in Stockholm during 1882, they had become so ill that they were moved to a combination poorhouse and nursing home known as on Kungsholmen. After their death, their paintings passed to the family of a friend, apparently per them will. By the 1930s, they had become dispersed, but they were collected by the Stockholm City Museum in 1936 and have been displayed several times in art exhibitions, including the 700-year jubilee of the city of Stockholm.
Despite the technical naivete of their works, they have been widely used to illustrate books and articles on the culture of 19th century Stockholm. In 1968, a public staircase in Södermalm was named after them
References
Further reading
Hans Öjmyr, Josabeth Sjöbergs Stockholm. En unik bildskatt från 1800-talet, Stockholmia förlag, 2016
Hans Öjmyr
Gustaf Näsström, Mamsell Josabeth Sjöberg Norstedts/Esselte/Ditzinger, Stockholm 1954
Bo Lagercrantz: Josabeth Sjöbergs värld (exhibition catalog), Stockholms Stadsmuseum, 1968
Hans Eklund, Göran Axel-Nilsson and Gustaf Näsström, Josabeth Sjöberg : målarmamsellen från 1800-talets Stockholm: en komplett bilderbok, Atlantis, Stockholm 1980
External links
Biography @ the Svenskt Biografiskt Lexikon
1812 births
1882 deaths
Artists from Stockholm
19th-century Swedish painters
Swedish governesses
19th-century Swedish women artists
19th-century Swedish artists
Katrin Mattscherodt (born 26 October 1981) is a German long track speed skater who participates in international competitions. In the team pursuit final against Japan at the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics, they were a replacement for Anni Friesinger-Postma in the final (after Friesinger-Postma had problems finishing in the semifinal), and won a gold medal as part of the German team.
Personal records
Career highlights
European Allround Championships
2006 - Hamar, 17th
2007 - Collalbo, 14th
2008 - Kolomna, 9th
National Championships
2005 - Berlin, 3rd at 3000 m
2005 - Berlin, 2nd at 5000 m
2006 - Berlin, 2nd at 5000 m
2006 - Erfurt, 3rd at allround
2007 - Erfurt, 2nd at 3000 m
2007 - Erfurt, 3rd at 1500 m
2007 - Erfurt, 2nd at 5000 m
2008 - Inzell, 3rd at 500 m allround
2008 - Inzell, 1st at 1500 m allround
2008 - Inzell, 3rd at 1000 m allround
2008 - Inzell, 1st at 3000 m allround
Nordic Neo-Senior Games
2003 - Warszawa, 2nd at 3000 m
2003 - Warszawa, 2nd at 1500 m
2003 - Warszawa, 1st at 5000 m
European Youth-23 Games
2004 - Göteborg, 3rd at 3000 m
2004 - Göteborg, 3rd at 1500 m
2004 - Göteborg, 2nd at 5000 m
2005 - Helsinki, 2nd at 3000 m
2005 - Helsinki, 2nd at 1500 m
2005 - Helsinki, 1st at 5000 m
External links
Mattscherodt at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Mattscherodt at SkateResults.com
1981 births
German female speed skaters
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of Germany
Medalists at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in speed skating
Olympic gold medalists for Germany
Speed skaters from Berlin
Living people
The Diary of a Teenage Girl: An Account in Words and Pictures is a diaristic graphic novel by author and artist Phoebe Gloeckner. It is notable for its hybrid form, composed of both prose and "comics" passages, each contributing to the narrative.
First published in 2002, the book has been called an "autobiography" or "semi-autobiography."
The story is told by its protagonist Minnie Goetze, a 15-year-old girl living in San Francisco, CA. The year is 1976, and Minnie, the daughter of a young single mother, loses their virginity to their mother's boyfriend, Monroe Rutherford, and soon thereafter begins writing obsessively in their diary. As they careen towards coming-of-age, they search for love but confuses it with sex. The book presents a complex and jarring look into the interior life of an adolescent girl, and has been described as raw and disturbing, not only because of its subject matter, but because of Minnie's frank and precociously intelligent point of view and commentary on the lives of the adults in their midst.
Plot
Minnie Goetz is a 15-year-old girl living in San Francisco with their mother Charlotte, who was a teenager when Minnie was born, and their younger sister Gretel. Minnie begins keeping a diary after their mother's on-again, off-again boyfriend Monroe begins to make sexual advances towards them Monroe takes them out drinking to a bar one day and initiates sex between them.
Minnie has mixed feelings about their relationship with Monroe, feeling attracted to them sexually but resenting the way they treat them and the secretive nature of their relationship. They long to confide in their mother about Monroe but feels they cannot as Monroe and their mother still sleep together and they have a cold relationship with their mother as they once heard their step-father Pascal refer to them need to be held and touched by their mother as "sexual".
Minnie begins to sleep with more boys their own age but is disappointed and disillusioned to find that they make fun of them with their friends. They begin to spend more time with their friend Kimmie, who prostitutes themselves to various friends and neighbours for petty cash. Through Kimmie, Minnie begins to take drugs for the first time.
Monroe begins a mail order business for diet pills. Their goal is to be rich and retire by the time they are 40 which Minnie disapproves of as a goal. After listening to their motivational tapes they decide they want to be a cartoonist. They write a fan letter to Aline Kominsky-Crumb who writes one back to them Minnie also begins skipping more classes and is thrown out of school for their poor attendance.  They are forced to attend a public school and is only accepted on a trial basis on the strength of their artistic talents.
Minnie confesses to Monroe that they love them and they do not reciprocate, causing them to feel angry towards him. Whenever they try to initiate sex they have them perform oral sex on them which Minnie finds unsatisfying. Minnie's step-father Pascal tells Minnie's mother that they believe that Monroe has sexual intentions towards Minnie. Monroe convinces Minnie's mother, Charlotte, that the beliefs are unfounded. Pascal then tells Minnie they are leaving for New York, but promises to always stay in touch telling Minnie they think of them and Gretel as their children.
While out with their friends Minnie meets Tabatha, a teenage lesbian hustler. Minnie feels attracted to Tabatha though their friends warn them against spending time with them Minnie continues to skip school and is given a therapist to whom they confess their relationship with Monroe.
Minnie's mother discovers their diary and confronts Minnie and Monroe about their relationship. They tell Monroe they must marry their daughter and Monroe agrees though Minnie thinks the idea is ridiculous. They begin spending time at Monroe's apartment with their mother's consent. One of their friends confides in them that they slept with Pascal and Minnie is angered and hurt that they would sleep with someone them age. They run away with Tabatha who gives their roofies and allows them to be raped in exchange for pills. Minnie finally returns home. They stop taking drugs and drinking for two months and starts to attend school. They convince their mother not to bring Monroe to their home anymore but is hurt by the knowledge that their mother continues to see Monroe on the side.
Meeting one of their friends they decide to get high one more time with the crystal meth left over in their purse. They and their friend compose and sell poems by the beach while they are tripping and Minnie sees Monroe who is out jogging. They sell them one of their poems and the two say their goodbyes.
Reception
Whitney Joiner of Salon.com wrote, "The Diary of a Teenage Girl is one of the most brutally honest, shocking, tender and beautiful portrayals of growing up in America.” Michael Martin of nerve.com described the book as “the most honest depiction of sexuality in a long, long time; as a meditation on adolescence, it picks up a literary ball that's been only fitfully carried after Salinger.” Comedian and author Rob Delaney said, "There are no better memoirs than Phoebe Gloeckner's A Child's Life and Other Stories (her first book) [and] Diary Of A Teenage Girl". Peggy Orenstein wrote in a New York Times Magazine profile on Gloeckner that they "is creating some of the edgiest work about young women's lives in any medium". In 2014, The Diary of a Teenage Girl was named one of the "best 50 non-super-hero graphic novels" by Rolling Stone magazine.
Adaptation
Director Marielle Heller adapted the book for both the stage in 2010 and for the screen in 2015. The film The Diary of a Teenage Girl, starring Bel Powley, Alexander Skarsgard, and Kristen Wiig, was acquired by Sony Pictures Classics for distribution and was broadly released August 7, 2015.
Re-release
A revised edition of the book, including a preface by comics scholar Hillary Chute, a foreword by the author, and a selection of the author's personal photos and original diary pages, was released by North Atlantic Books in July 2015.
References
2002 graphic novels
American graphic novels
American novels adapted into films
Autobiographical graphic novels
Novels set in San Francisco
Fiction set in 1976
American bildungsromans
Comics set in the United States
Auto carrier or car carrier or car transporter or auto transporter can refer to:
Transportation
An autorack (a railroad car), called a car transporter in UK English.
A car carrier trailer, in other words a semi-trailer especially designed to carry automobiles, vans, or pickup trucks.
A roll-on/roll-off ship that transports new cars.
Auto Carriers Ltd UK carmaker from 1911 to 1922, thereafter A.C. Cars Ltd.
Biology
Autotransporter protein (see Type V secretion system, T5SS)
Autotransporter domain
Cato Guntveit is a retired Norwegian footballer who played for SK Brann the most of their career. They were the captain of Brann from 2004 until Brann coach Mons Ivar Mjelde decided Martin Andresen should take over the captaincy prior to the 2006 season. Guntveit played briefly for local club Fana before joining Brann in 1995. They also spent two seasons at Aberdeen, but played in Brann from 2002 to 2010. Guntveit is married and has three children. One of the few "local lads" in Brann, they own and works in a toyshop in Bergen. They retired from football in after the 2010 season.
Biography
Early career
Guntveit made their debut for Brann at age 20, under coach Hallvar Thoresen. Thoresen used them frequently as a full back, but when Thoresen was fired, things took a turn for the worse for Guntveit, and they spent less time on the pitch. The following seasons, Guntveit failed to secure a steady first team place, but in the 1998 season, they regained their place for Brann. During that season, new coach Harald Aabrekk moved Guntveit up to the midfield as a right winger, where they enjoyed considerable success, and was seen as a primal factor for Brann's success in 1999, when the club finished 3rd in the Norwegian Premier League and reached the cup final.
Spell at Aberdeen
In 1999, Cato Guntveit was signed by the Scottish Premier League club Aberdeen as a free transfer. They gained a reputation as a committed player, but their career at the Scottish outfit was hampered due to several injuries. In summer 2002 they returned to Brann after being released from Aberdeen, having played 69 games and scored 5 goals.
Return to Brann
After returning to Brann, it took Guntveit nearly a year to make their debut, due to a mysterious injury. When they finally made their debut however, they became an integral part of the team, and was once again named a primal factor for Brann's success, this time in the latter half of the 2003 season.
In 2004, Guntveit became the captain of Brann, but they missed the final as Brann won the Norwegian Cup in 2004 (their first trophy since 1982) because of a suspension. In 2005, the arrival of Martin Andresen threatened Guntveit's captaincy, as many believed the Norwegian national team captain (Andresen) would become the captain of Brann. However, Guntveit remained the captain of Brann, but has revealed that the captaincy distracted them from their game, and they were recently stripped of the captaincy prior to the 2006 season, when coach Mons Ivar Mjelde made Andresen captain in a widely anticipated move.
They retired from Brann after the 2010 season, but was enticed by a friend to continue playing, for fourth-tier team Øystese IL, rejecting offers from Løv-Ham and Fana.
Honours
Norway
Norwegian Premier League: 2007
Norwegian Cup: 2004
References
External links
Official SK Brann profile on Cato Guntveit
1975 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bergen
Sportspeople from Drammen
Norwegian footballers
Fana IL players
SK Brann players
Aberdeen F.C. players
Eliteserien players
Scottish Premier League players
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Norwegian expatriate footballers
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Association football defenders
The world records in disability swimming are ratified by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC). These are the fastest performances in swimming events at meets sanctioned by the IPC.
This article lists the men's world records in long course competition. The International Paralympic Committee provides information on the current world records at their official site, though the times present sometimes differ from those provided elsewhere.
50m freestyle
100m freestyle
200m freestyle
400m freestyle
800m freestyle
1500 m freestyle
50m backstroke
100m backstroke
200 m backstroke
50m breastroke
100m breaststroke
200m breaststroke
50m butterfly
100m butterfly
200 m butterfly
150m individual medley
200m individual medley
400 m individual medley
Freestyle relays
Medley relays
Mixed relays
See also
Women's long course
Mixed relay long course
Men's short course
Women's short course
References
General
IPC world records – Men long course 13 July 2022 updated
Specific
External links
International Paralympic Committee
IPC Swimming
World IPC
The list of Elliott School of International Affairs people includes notable graduates, professors, and administrators affiliated with the Elliott School of International Affairs of the George Washington University, located in Washington, D.C.
Among its alumni count numerous ambassadors, diplomats, politicians, and public figures, including Chang Dae-whan (former Prime Minister of South Korea), Tammy Duckworth (sitting U.S. Senator), Rose Gottemoeller (current Deputy-General of NATO), Ciarán Devane (current Chief Executive of the British Council), and John Shalikashvili (former Supreme Allied Commander). Notable faculty has included Christopher A. Kojm, chairperson of the National Intelligence Council under President Obama, Moudud Ahmed, former Prime Minister of Bangladesh, Amitai Etzioni, former president of the American Sociological Association, William J. Crowe, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and S. M. Krishna, Foreign Minister of India, among numerous others.
Alumni
Journalism
Adam Ciralsky- Emmy Award and Peabody Award-winning journalist of 60 Minutes and NBC News
Kasie Hunt (BA '06) – MSNBC and NBC News correspondent
Diana B. Henriques (BA '69) – Pulitzer Prize finalist and New York Times journalist
Matt Medved – Spin editor-in-chief
Josh Rogin – CNN political analyst, Bloomberg View foreign policy analyst
Kim A. Snyder (BA 83) – Variety Magazine contributor, director of Sundance Film Festival-nominated documentary I Remember Me
Diplomacy
Michael Punke – U.S. Ambassador to the World Trade Organization
Kurt Volker (MA '87) – U.S. Ambassador to NATO
Joseph Prueher (MA '69) U.S. Ambassador to China
Edward "Skip" Gnehm – U.S. Ambassador to Jordan, Kuwait and Australia
Richard L. Baltimore – U.S. Ambassador to Oman
Lyle Franklin Lane – U.S. Ambassador to Uruguay and Paraguay
Robert P. Jackson – U.S. Ambassador to Ghana and Cameroon
David H. Shinn (MA '64) – U.S. Ambassador to Ethiopia and Burkina Faso
Francis Terry McNamara (MA '72) – U.S. Ambassador to Gabon and São Tomé and Príncipe
Marisa Lino (MA '72) – U.S. Ambassador to Albania
Cresencio S. Arcos Jr. – U.S. Ambassador to Honduras
Elliott Charng – Taiwanese Ambassador to Australia, New Zealand, and India
Law
Andrew P. Bakaj (BA '03) – Former Department of Defense and CIA Official; lead counsel for the Whisteblower during the Impeachment Inquiry and the subsequent Impeachment of President Donald Trump.
Miguel Méndez (AB '62) – Stanford Law School legal scholar, Deputy Director of California Rural Legal Assistance
Denise Krepp (BA '95) – Chief Counsel for the United States Maritime Administration
Neil Thomas Proto (MA '69) – General Counsel to President Jimmy Carter on Nuclear Safety, fellow of the Royal Geographical Society in London
Politics
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović (F.S. '03), current President of Croatia (2015–present)
Chang Dae-whan (MA '74) – Prime Minister of South Korea
Tammy Duckworth (MA '96) – U.S. Senator from Illinois
Jeremiah Denton (MA '64) – U.S. Senator from Alabama
Sam Johnson (MS '74) – U.S. Congressman from Texas
Bob Barr (MA '72) – U.S. Congressman from Georgia
Arifa Khalid Pervaiz – Congresswoman of the National Assembly of Pakistan
Sara Gideon (BA '94) – Speaker of the House of Representatives of Maine
K. T. McFarland (BA '73) – Deputy National Security Advisor
Khatuna Kalmakhelidze (MA '07) – Minister of Corrections and Legal Assistance of the Republic of Georgia
William Timmons – South Carolina State Senator
Caroline Simmons – member of President Barack Obama's Transition Team
Stephen Maitland – Pennsylvania State Representative
David Crowley – Cincinnati, Ohio City Councilman and Vice-Mayor
Linda Melconian – Massachusetts State Senator
Robert J. Winglass – Maine State Representative
Jennifer Shasky Calvery – Director of the U.S. Treasury Department Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
Philip S. Smith – member of the Republican National Committee
William Timmons – South Carolina State Senator
Economics
Richard Carson – most-cited environmental economist in the world
Business
Michael Punke – Vice President of Amazon Web Services, former U.S. Ambassador to the World Trade Organization
Danny Sebright – President of the U.S.-U.A.E. Business Council, former Policy Director of the Office of the Secretary of Defense
David A. Nadler – Vice-Chairman of Marsh & McLennan Companies
Military
General John M. Shalikashvili (MA '70) – Supreme Allied Commander and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff
General Fred K. Mahaffey – Four-Star U.S. Army General, Commander-in-Chief of U.S. Readiness Command
General John T. Chain Jr. – U.S. Air Force General, Board of Directors member for Northrop Grumman and the Kemper Corporation
General Frederick Kroesen – Commanding General of the Seventh United States Army
General Thomas M. Ryan Jr. – U.S. Air Force General, Commander-in-Chief of Military Airlift Command
General James P. Mullins – Four-Star U.S. Air Force General, Commander-in-Chief of Air Force Logistics Command
General Donn A. Starry – Four-Star U.S. Army General, Commander-in-Chief of United States Strike Command
General Bryce Poe II – Four-Star U.S. Air Force General, Commander of Air Force Logistics Command
General Edwin H. Burba Jr. – Four-Star U.S. Army General, Commander-in-Chief of United States Army Forces Command
Admiral Owen W. Siler (MA '68) – 15th Commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard
Admiral John B. Hayes (MA '64) – 16th Commandant of the U.S. Cost Guard
Admiral Sylvester R. Foley Jr. – Commander in Chief of the U.S. Pacific Fleet
Admiral William O. Studeman – Deputy Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, Admiral of the United States Navy
Vice Admiral Julien J. LeBourgeois – President of the Naval War College
Rear Admiral Sumner Shapiro – Director of the Office of Naval Intelligence
Rear Admiral Fran McKee – 1st female officer to hold the rank of rear admiral in the U.S. Navy, Alabama Women's Hall of Fame inductee
Lincoln D. Faurer – Director of the National Security Agency
Richard M. Wells – Director of the Defense Mapping Agency
Mark M. Boatner III – Croix de Guerre-decorated soldier and military historian
Hal Moore – Distinguished Service Cross and Order of Saint Maurice-decorated lieutenant general and military author
Kenneth L. Tallman – 8th Superintendent of the United States Air Force Academy
Shanti Sethi – 1st Indian-American woman to command a major U.S. Navy warship, the USS Decatur
International Organizations
Rose Gottemoeller (MA '81) – 16th Deputy-General of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO)
Ciarán Devane – Chief Executive of the British Council
Olav Kjørven – UNICEF Director for Public Partnerships, former Norwegian State Secretary for International Development
Kathryne Bomberger – Director-General of the International Commission on Missing Persons
Marc Garlasco – Senior Military Advisor for the Human Rights Council, Senior Civilian Protection Officer for the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan
Scholars
Roderic Ai Camp (MA '67) – Mexico-United States relations specialist, New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, and BBC contributor, Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars Board of Directors member
Ross Horning (MA, '52; Ph.D., '58) – historian
Alireza Nader – RAND Corporation international policy analyst
Other
Reona Ito – The American Prize-winning orchestral conductor
F. Lynn McNulty – "Father" of U.S. Federal Information Security, Director of Information Security for the U.S. State Department
W. W. Behrens Jr. – Founder of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
Gorgi Popstefanov – 2016 and 2010 Macedonian National Men's Cycling Champion
Sarah Reinertsen – ITU World Triathlon Championship-winning paratriathlete
Charles C. Noble – Major General and engineer on the Manhattan Project
Faculty
Scholars & researchers
Stephen C. Smith – current Director of the Institute for International Economic Policy
Sabina Alkire – Director of the Oxford Poverty and Human Development Initiative
David Shambaugh – Senior Fellow at the Brookings Institution
Pavel Baev – Senior Fellow at the Brookings Institution
Dina Rizk Khoury – Guggenheim Fellow
Robert Entman – Humboldt Prize-winning communications scientist
Rouben Paul Adalian – Director of the Armenian National Institute
Martha Finnemore – leader of the constructivist school of international relations theory
Marc Lynch – Director of the Institute for Middle East Studies, Senior Fellow at the Center for a New American Security
Harris Mylonas – Editor-in-Chief of Nationalities Papers
Nathan J. Brown – former Director of the Institute for Middle East Studies, Board Advisor to the Project on Middle East Democracy
Charles Glaser – famed Defensive Realist theorist
Michael N. Barnett – famed Constructivist theorist
Ronald H. Spector – Samuel Eliot Morison Prize-winning military historian
Walter Reich – AAAS Award for Scientific Freedom and Responsibility-winning international relations scholar
James Hershberg – former Director of the Cold War International History Project at the Woodrow Wilson Center
Howard Sachar – National Jewish Book Award-winning Middle East historian
Diplomacy
Stephen Biddle – Member of the Council on Foreign Relations
Matthew Levinger – Senior Program Officer of the United States Institute of Peace
Andrew A. Michta – Adjunct Fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies
Assistant Secretaries of State
Thomas E. McNamara – former Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs
Eric Newsom – former Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs
Karl Inderfurth – former Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs
Esther Brimmer – former Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs
Bathsheba Nell Crocker – former Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs
George Moose – former Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs
Gaston J. Sigur Jr. – Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs
U.S. Ambassadors
David H. Shinn – former U.S. Ambassador to Ethiopia and Burkina Faso
Edward "Skip" Gnehm – former U.S. Ambassador to Jordan, Kuwait and Australia
Joseph LeBaron – former U.S. Ambassador to Qatar and Mauritania
Ronald D. Palmer – former U.S. Ambassador to Togo, Malaysia, and Mauritius
Thomas J. Dodd Jr. – former U.S. Ambassador to Costa Rica and Uruguay
Lino Gutierrez – former U.S. Ambassador to Argentina and Nicaragua
Foreign Ambassadors
Michael Oren – former Israeli Ambassador to the United States
Farooq Sobhan – former Bangladeshi Ambassador to China, India, and Malaysia
Arturo Sarukhan – former Mexican Ambassador to United States
Politicians
Moudud Ahmed – former Prime Minister of Bangladesh
S. M. Krishna – former Foreign Minister of India
John Negroponte – former Director of National Intelligence, U.S. Deputy Secretary of State, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations
Robert O. Work – former U.S. Deputy Secretary of Defense
Christopher A. Kojm – former Chairman of the National Intelligence Council
Scott Pace – Chief Executive of the National Space Council
Robert Hutchings – former Chairman of the National Intelligence Council
Allison Macfarlane – former Chairwoman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission
Lawrence Wilkerson – former Chief of Staff to United States Secretary of State Colin Powell
Leon Fuerth – former National Security Adviser to U.S. Vice President Al Gore
Mickey Edwards – former U.S. Congressman from Oklahoma, Chairman of the House Republican Policy Committee
Economics
James Foster – World Bank Board Advisor
Military
William J. Crowe – former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff
Journalism
Henry Farrell – Foreign Policy & Washington Post contributor
Roy Richard Grinker – Editor of Anthropological Quarterly, New York Times and PBS NewsHour contributor
David Alan Grier – Computer Magazine columnist
Selig S. Harrison – Washington Post, New York Times, and The Financial Times-contributing journalist specializing in Southeast Asia
International Organizations
Cynthia McClintock – Center for International Policy Board of Directors member, former President of the Latin American Studies Association
Michael M. Cernea – World Bank Senior Advisor for Social Policy
Nikolai Zlobin – President of the Center on Global Interests
Other
Amitai Etzioni – former president of the American Sociological Association
William Luers – former President of the Metropolitan Museum of Art
James N Rosenau – former president of the International Studies Association
Harry Harding – founding Dean of the Batten School of Leadership & Public Policy
John Logsdon – former member of the NASA Advisory Council
Pascale Ehrenfreund – CEO of the German Aerospace Center, first woman President of the Austrian Science Fund
Ray O. Johnson – former Chief Technology Officer of Lockheed Martin
References
See also
List of George Washington University alumni
List of George Washington University faculty
Elliott School of International Affairs
Alumni by international affairs school in the United States
Wolfgang Baumeister (born November 22, 1946 in Wesseling bordering Cologne) is a German molecular biologist and biophysicist. Their research has been pivotal in the development of Cryoelectron tomography.
Education and career
After completing their Abitur, Wolfgang Baumeister studied biology, chemistry, and physics from 1966 to 1967 at the University of Münster and from 1967 to 1969 at the University of Bonn. At the Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf they were a graduate student from 1970 to 1973 and a research associate from 1973 to 1980 in the department of biophysics. They received their Promotion in 1973 and their Habilitation in 1978. From 1981 to 1982 they were a Heisenberg Fellow at the physics department of the Cavendish Laboratory of England's University of Cambridge.
From 1983 to 1987 they were grouped leader (with rank C3, Professor Extraordinarius) of the “Molecular Structural Biology” working group at the Max Planck Institute (MPI) of Biochemistry in Martinsried near Munich. The MPI's research department of “Molecular Structural Biology” does research involving molecular biological structures revealed by electron microscopy, cryo-electron tomography, protein and cell structure, and protein degradation They were an außerplanmäßiger Professor from 1984 to 1987 at the University of Düsseldorf and is since 1987 an außerplanmäßiger Professor in the Faculty of Chemistry of the Technical University of Munich. Since 1988 they are the head of the Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry's department of structural biology. Since 2000 they have also been an honorary professor in the Faculty of Physics of the Technical University of Munich.
Baumeister has served on the editorial boards of several journals, including Current Biology, the Journal of Microscopy, the Journal of Structural Biology, and Trends in Cell Biology.  They are now the editor-in-chief of Biochemical and Biophysical Research Communications. They were elected a member of the Bavarian Academy of Sciences in 2000, of the German National Academy of Sciences Leopoldina in 2001, and the National Academy of Sciences in 2010. In 2003 they were elected a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. They have won many prizes, including in 1998 the Otto Warburg Medal, in 2003 both the Louis-Jeantet Prize and the I. & H. Wachter Award, in 2005 both the Harvey Prize and the Schleiden Medal, in 2006 the Ernst Schering Prize, and in 2018 the Ernst Jung Gold Medal for Medicine.
References
1948 births
Living people
German biophysicists
German molecular biologists
Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf alumni
Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf faculty
Technical University of Munich faculty
Max Planck Society people
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Members of the Bavarian Academy of Sciences
Members of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Ohio's 33rd senatorial district has historically been based in the Mahoning Valley. It now consists of the counties of Columbiana and Mahoning. It encompasses Ohio House of Representatives districts 5, 58 and 59. It has a Cook PVI of D+12. The district was represented by the Senate President from 1983 to 1984 with Senator Harry Meshel. Its current Ohio Senator is Republican Michael Rulli. They reside in Salem, a city located in Columbiana and Mahoning counties.
List of senators
External links
Ohio's 33rd district senator at the 133rd Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Dosut (, ) is a village in the Neelum Valley of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. It is located 142 km from Muzaffarabad, and 6 km from Sharda.
Divisions
Dosut is divided into small settlements. These settlements include Naka, Shaper Naka Molvi Shah Seri, Chan Basti, Khawaja Basti, Konsh and Khar Basti.
Languages and people
The languages spoken here are Kashmiri & Hindko. Urdu is used as secondary language (lingua franca).
The people of Dosut are very hospitable. Most of the people are engaged in agriculture while others are engaged in government employment and business.
Usually, the crop which is growing here is corn.
Gallery
References
Populated places in Neelam District
Ametabolism is a type of growth or life cycle in insects in which there is slight or no metamorphosis, only a gradual increase in size. It is present only in primitive wingless insects: the orders Archaeognatha and Zygentoma.
See also
Hemimetabolism
Holometabolism
References
External links
http://www.biology-online.org/dictionary/Ametabolism
https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/ametabolic
Insect developmental biology
Hal Schaefer (22 July 1925 – 8 December 2012) was an American jazz musician and vocal coach. They coached Marilyn Monroe, Mitzi Gaynor, Judy Garland, Robert Wagner, Jane Russell and Barbra Streisand in films and musical comedy songs. Schaefer was a pianist in Benny Carter's group including performing as a pianist in Harry James and Boyd Raeburn's jazz groups and for Peggy Lee and Billy Eckstine. During their career they helped many directors and producers such as Howard Hawks, Harold Prince and George Cukor.
Schaefer was nominated by Michael Feinstein in 2009 for the Best Latin Jazz Award and also for the NEA Jazz Masters. They never left the music industry. Schaefer once performed a musical piece for Eleanor Roosevelt and sang at the United Nations's anniversary in 1955. They moved to Florida in the 1990s and continued to teach voice lessons to students until their death.
bwell
Discography
Albums
References
External links
1925 births
2012 deaths
American jazz musicians
Discovery Records artists
United Artists Records artists
RCA Victor artists
"Jet Boy Jet Girl" is Hitomi Takahashi's 7th single under the Sony Records (gr8! records) label, and was released on August 1, 2007 in two different versions - CD only and CD+DVD.
Overview
"Jet Boy Jet Girl" is the 7th single released by Japanese punk-rock singer Hitomi Takahashi, and their 2nd single to be released in 2007, five months after "Candy Line". The song replaced Uverworld's "endscape" as the opening theme song for the anime Toward the Terra, making "Jet Boy Jet Girl" the second opening theme for the anime. First pressings of the CD+DVD version included an animation video clip of Toward the Terra, along with a sticker and tarot card.
Like their past three singles, "Jet Boy Jet Girl" was produced by Takuya Asanuma of Judy and Mary fame, and the b-side song "Pride" was produced by 175R's shogo.k, who previously produced the song "Drive" for them The main song "Jet Boy Jet Girl" is described as "featuring a fun sound designed to complement the anime", while "Pride" is described as a "rock tune that's set to get the summer concert bumping". The special DVD movie does not contain a music video as "Aozora no Namida" did, but a series of random, moving clips with "Jet Boy Jet Girl" playing in the background.
Sample of the translated lyrics:
Jet boy, accelerate, don't let go, no matter what
Jet girl, push on, ascend up the air current, and fly high
There's no reasoning behind it, I want to be at your side
With just that, I can be invincible
Music video
Filming for the music video of "Jet Boy Jet Girl" took place on June 23, 2007, in Joso, Ibaraki. Like the music video for "Candy Line", the music video for "Jet Boy Jet Girl" was directed by Jun'ya Masuyama.
Track listing
CD Portion
"Jet Boy Jet Girl" – 4:34 Lyrics by Hitomi Takahashi & mavie Music by Takuya Arranged by Takuya
"Pride" – 3:35 Lyrics by shogo.k Music by shogo.k Arranged by Takuya
"Jet Boy Jet Girl -Instrumental-" – 4:31
"Pride -Instrumental-" – 3:35
"Jet Boy Jet Girl -Terra e... Opening Mix-" – 1:34
DVD Portion
"Jet Boy Jet Girl 'Terra e...' Special Collaboration Animated Music Video"
Personnel
Hitomi Takahashi – vocals
TAKUYA - guitars, keyboards, & programming (Tracks #1 & #2)
Katsuhiko Kurosu - bass (Tracks #1 & #2)
Kōta Igarashi - drums (Tracks #1 & #2)
nishi-ken - keyboards & programming (Track #1)
Charts
Oricon Sales Chart (Japan)
References
2007 singles
Jet Boy Jet Girl
Songs written by Hitomi Takahashi (singer)
2007 songs
Gr8! Records singles
The Goulandris Museum of Contemporary Art is a modern art museum in Eratosthenous Street, Pangrati, Athens, Greece, opened in October 2019. It displays many of the works amassed by shipowner Basil Goulandris and their wife Elise Karadontis, who died in 1994, with an art collection valued at US$3 billion.
It is housed in a 1920s neoclassical mansion with a ten-storey new extension (five of which are below ground). The building has a total surface area of 7,250 sq.m. and the exhibition areas cover a total of five floors; four above ground with a surface area of 1,124 sq.m., where the permanent collection is housed, and one below ground, with a surface area of 530 sq.m., which hosts temporary exhibitions of Greek and foreign artists.
The building also houses a museum shop and a café-restaurant. The floors below ground host a library with around 4,500 books, a children's workshop, and a 190-seat amphitheatre.
Artworks
Basil Goulandris collected works by artists including Pablo Picasso, Marc Chagall, Henri Matisse, Alberto Giacometti, Auguste Renoir, Joan Miro, Paul Klee, Wassily Kandinsky, El Greco, Cézanne and Modigliani, as well as works by Greek modern painters including Parthenis, Bouzianis, Vasileiou, Hadjikyriakos-Ghika, Tsarouchis, Moralis, and Tetsis.
Collection highlights include:
Francis Bacon, Three Studies for Self-Portrait, 1972
Pierre Bonnard, Getting Out of the Bath, 1926
Georges Braque, Patience, 1942
Paul Cézanne, Portrait of the Artist Looking Over Their Shoulder, 1883-1884
Marc Chagall, Portrait of E.B.G., 1969
Giorgio de Chirico, Horses on the Beach, 1930
Edgar Degas, Little Dancer Aged Fourteen, 1878
Max Ernst, While the Earth Sleeps, 1956
Paul Gauguin, Still Life with Grapefruits, 1901
Alberto Giacometti, Portrait of Yanaihara, 1960
Wassily Kandinsky, Both Striped, 1932
Roy Lichtenstein, Nude with White Flower, 1994
Roy Lichtenstein, Sunrise, 1965
Henri Matisse, The Nightmare of the White Elephant, Jazz, 1947
Joan Miró, The Grasshopper, 1926
Claude Monet, Rouen Cathedral in the Morning (Pink Dominant), 1894
Pablo Picasso, Nude Woman with Raised Arms, 1907
Pablo Picasso, Young Man with Bouquet, 1905
Jackson Pollock, Number 13, 1950, 1950
Auguste Rodin, Eternal Springtime, 1884
El Greco, The Veil of Saint Veronica, 1580
Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, Woman in Monsieur Forest's Garden, 1891
Vincent van Gogh, Olive Picking, 1989
Vincent van Gogh, Still Life with Coffee Pot, 1988
Vincent van Gogh, The Alyscamps, 1988
References
Art museums established in 2019
Museums in Athens
Goulandris family
Modern art museums in Greece
The Dome 85C (also known as the Toyota 85C, or alternately, the Toyota Dome 85C) was a racing prototype, designed, developed and built by Japanese manufacturer Toyota in partnership and collaboration with Japanese constructor Dome and homologated specifically to race in the FIA Group C category of the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile. It was powered by a turbocharged 4T-GTE four-cylinder engine.
References
Group C cars
85C
Charles François de Virot (also spelt Viraud or Vireaux) marquis de Sombreuil (12 January 1725 – 17 June 1794) was a French Royalist general of the Ancien Régime and French Revolutionary Wars. They rose to become maréchal de camp, hero of the Battle of Rocoux and governor of Les Invalides.
Military career
De Virot was appointed as a second lieutenant in the régiment de Montmorin on 16 July 1735. Commissioning and promotion by purchase was common practice in the pre-revolutionary Royal Army, although abolished in the infantry in 1758. They reached the rank of captain on 20 May 1745 and that of lieutenant colonel of the régiment Royal-Corse in 1758.
After distinguishing themselves in the field and holding various garrison commands in peace-time France, de Virot was appointed governor of the Invalides in Paris on 16 December 1786. While their command consisted only of veteran pensioners no longer considered suitable for active military service, de Virot was also responsible for the safeguarding of large stocks of weapons stored in the building complex.
French Revolution
On 14 July 1789, widespread disturbances in Paris led to the seizure of the Hotel de Invalides and the Storming of the Bastille. Demands had been made to Sombreuil by the newly organised electors militia for the handing over of the thirty thousand muskets stored in the cellars of the Invalides. The governor delayed by responding that they would need approval from Versailles; while ordering their unenthusiastic pensioners to begin to disable the weapons held.
Unlike Bernard-René Jourdan de Launay, the governor of the Bastille, Sombreuil subsequently accepted the revolutionaries' demands to surrender their garrison without attempting armed resistance. They thereby avoided the fate of de Launay, who was seized and killed by the mob.
Sombreuil was promoted to lieutenant-general, in what was still nominally the Royal Army, on May 20 1791. They participated in the defence of the Tuileries Palace on August 10 1792, when the monarchy was finally overthrown. Imprisoned in the Abbey Prison six days later, they survived the September massacres, before being moved to two other prisons between December 1793 and May 1794. Their daughter Marie-Maurille de Sombreuil (born 1768) had demanded to be imprisoned with him.
Sombreuil was finally sentenced to death on 29 Prairial Year II (June 17, 1794) by the Revolutionary Tribunal of Paris under Fouquier-Tinville. The charges against them included that of being an accomplice in a planned prison uprising and of conspiring to assassinate Collot d'Herbois, a representative of the people.
Execution
Together with their son Stanislas, Sombreuil was guillotined at the Place du Trône Renversé on 17 June 1794. Because of the d'Herbois charge, the general was obliged to wear a red blouse marking them as an accused would-be parricide. The bodies of the two Sombreuils were amongst fifty-three victims of the guillotine buried in a mass grave in what is now the Picpus Cemetery.
Fate of family
Their youngest son Charles Eugène Gabriel de Sombreuil was one of the commanders of an emigre counter-revolutionary force that made an abortive landing at Quibero in 1795. Charles was amongst 750 royalists prisoners subsequently executed by firing squad on 28 July, at the orders of Lazare Hoche. Mademoiselle de Sombreuil eventually married in 1796, and died in May 1823.
Children
Charles Eugène Gabriel de Sombreuil
References
External links
Quiberon 1795...
Penal code of 1791 (Art 1 à 5)
VIROT François Charles (known as Sombreuil)
1725 births
1794 deaths
People from Haut-Rhin
French generals
French people executed by guillotine during the French Revolution
was a Japanese samurai of the early Edo period. They were a retainer and karō in the service of the Shimazu clan of Satsuma Domain.
Hirata took part in Battle of Sekigahara. After Western Army lost the war, they saved Shimazu Yoshihiro's wife and Shimazu Iehisa's wife, let them go back to Satsuma safely.
Shimazu clan decided to invade Ryukyu Kingdom in 1609, Hirata Masumune was appointed vice general. The invasion of Ryukyu was successful, Satsuma troops captured King Shō Nei and their ministers, and took them to Kagoshima. But Hirata got involved in family conflict of Shimazu clan, and was murdered by Oshikawa Kimichika () in the next year.
See also
Kabayama Hisataka
References
1566 births
1610 deaths
Samurai
Shimazu clan
Karō
Parallel Stories () is a 2005 novel in three volumes by the Hungarian writer Péter Nádas. It comprises the installments The Silent Province (A néma tartomány), In the Depths of the Night (Az éjszaka legmélyén), and A Breath of Freedom (A szabadság lélegzete). The narrative portrays Hungary during the 20th century. The novel took 18 years to write. It was published in English as one volume in 2011.
Reception
Thomas Marks of The Daily Telegraph wrote: "like many 18-year-olds, this novel has a tendency to take itself too seriously. Its insistent structural repetition can feel indulgent and, with its large cast of navel-gazing characters, its preferred mode of 'amplified inner monologue' intermittently falls prey to longueurs." Marks continued: "That said, it's with remarkable dexterity that Nádas splices together the political, sexual and emotional histories of two families, the Hungarian Lippay Lehrs and the German Döhrings. While theirs may be the parallel stories of the title, this is a boldly experimental novel that stubbornly refuses to follow straight lines."
American author Francine Prose said that "A year after reading it, I'm still urging people to read Peter Nadas's dense, filthy, brilliant 1,100-page novel, Parallel Stories." They went on to say "My husband read aloud so much of Parallel Stories that I figured I might as well finish the rest. It was as good as they promised, and we were both glad to have someone to talk to about this crazy book."
See also
2005 in literature
Hungarian literature
References
External links
Parallel Stories at the publisher's website
2005 novels
Hungarian novels
Novels by Péter Nádas
Novels set in Hungary
Nampé is a commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 142 square kilometers and includes 4 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 7,009. The village of Baramba, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 25 km north of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Oshakan or Oshagan (} is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Hagop Oshagan (1883–1948), Armenian literary figure
Vahé Oshagan (1922–2000), Armenian literary figure
Armenian-language surnames
The Variable Energy Cyclotron Centre (VECC) is a research and development unit of the Department of Atomic Energy. The VECC is located in Kolkata, India and performs research in basic and applied nuclear sciences and development of the latest nuclear particle accelerators. It has a collaboration with the European Organization for Nuclear Research.
The Centre houses a 224 cm cyclotron—the first of its kind in India—which has been operational since 16 June 1977. It provides proton, deuteron, alpha particle and heavy ion beams of various energies to other institutions.
The Centre consists of major facilities such as K130 Cyclotron, K500 Superconducting Cyclotron, Cyclone-30 Medical Cyclotron, Radioactive Ion Beam (RIB) Facility, Computing Centre, Regional Radiation Medicine Centre and a new Campus for the proposed ANURIB project at New Town, Rajarhat. The ANURIB (Advanced National facility for Unstable & Rare-Isotope Beams) is a planned facility, to be constructed in collaboration with the Canada-based research institute TRIUMF. ANURIB is going to conduct experiments of unstable & rare isotope beams.
References
External links
Atomic Energy Commission of India
1977 establishments in West Bengal
Nuclear research institutes
Atomic and nuclear energy research in India
Physics institutes
Research institutes in West Bengal
Homi Bhabha National Institute
Government agencies established in 1977
Government agencies for energy (India)
Research institutes in Kolkata
Research institutes established in 1977
Battle of the Bone is a 2008 Northern Irish independent zombie film written and directed by George Clarke, and is claimed as Northern Ireland's "first ever" kung-fu zombie movie.
Plot
As rival mobs battle it out on the streets of Belfast, three friends are caught in the middle and have to contend not only with the rioters but a horde of marauding zombies.
Partial cast
Production
Both the film's title and its plot timeline being set on 12 July, stem from King William III's 12 July 1690 Battle of the Boyne. Created on a budget of £10,000, the filmmaker chose The Troubles as the film's inspiration and stated that they saw the movie as a means to address the issue of division with a twist that shows the two sides of the Belfast community joining to deal with a common threat. Filming took place in Belfast, Ireland at locations such as the Downshire psychiatric hospital. Per the Irish Times, the movie was "one of the biggest low-budget features to have been made in the city" and employed over 500 extras. Clarke and crew utilized various means to keep the film under budget, such as using a wheelchair as a makeshift dolly-rig and a cherry picker for aerial shots.
Release
The film first screened in Belfast, on 17 July 2008, and was followed by a DVD release on 23 October 2008.
Reception
Peter Dendle covered the film in the second volume of The Zombie Movie Encyclopedia, noting that it was "too low budget to come across to most general audiences as much more than friends having fun around some local buildings and streets, but George Clarke's impassioned zombie pic gained immediate attention both for some vivaciously choreographed action sequences and for its political overtones."
The director later noted that the film did not go over well with mainstream critics but that it appealed to the genre fans that viewed it.
Awards
Audience Choice Award at the Freak Show Horror Film Festival (2008, won)
References
External links
2008 films
Northern Irish films
Films set in Belfast
2008 horror films
Martial arts horror films
British horror films
British independent films
British zombie films
2008 independent films
Films shot in Belfast
2000s English-language films
2000s British films
Commissioner William Ridsdel (20 September 1844 – 8 February 1931 in Clapton) was a Commissioner in The Salvation Army, the second highest rank attainable by Officers in the organisation, and the highest 'appointed' rank. An early Salvationist, they joined The Salvation Army in 1873 when it was still called The Christian Mission.
Born in Sweden, they were brought up in a "state of semi-heathenism" until their parents were 'saved'. Originally a grocer's assistant, they later became a preacher for the Primitive Methodists in York in England but they were largely unmoved by that group. Reading about the work of William Booth's The Christian Mission Ridsdel moved to London in 1873 and became an evangelist for that group. The organisation later changed its name to The Salvation Army.
They became a Field Officer and Divisional Officer in England and Secretary for Work in Scotland. From 1877 to 1878 they were in command at Chatham in Kent. In 1878 they married Captain Mary Ann Davies (1849-1890), the first female Salvation Army Officer.  They are buried in Arnos Vale Cemetery. By 1887 they were a Major. They became a Commissioner in The Salvation Army and Territorial Commander in Sweden from 1892 to 1896. They were also at various times the head of The Salvation Army in South Africa (where they met President Paul Kruger in 1900), Norway and the Netherlands. In 1894 they married Staff Captain Isabella Mobley (1858-1952).
A. M. Nicol in their biography of William Booth wrote of Ridsdel in 1906:
"One of the few remaining members of the Christian Mission occupying a big position in the Salvation Army. A safe man.  They are keen on buying and selling property in the interests of the organisation. They have an inveterate love of sermonising, and yet rumour has it that as a speaker they have not proved a Demosthenes.
Here is a sad story about the good and faithful warrior. Twenty-five years ago Colonel Lawley heard them deliver a sermon from the text " How shall we escape, if we neglect so great salvation?" It was delivered with muscular emphasis and much prancing on the stage. It was considered a good address. Five years ago the same officer heard them preach in another country one Sunday night. At the close Mr. Ridsdel asked their comrade what they thought of the delivery. The text was the same and the wording the same, even the muscular part not being omitted. The wicked officer made answer, " William, not so well done as when I heard the same sermon preached by the General thirty-two years ago and by yourself in Plymouth twenty-five years ago." Notwithstanding, Commissioner Ridsdel has done good work for the Flag, and the General will swear by them to the end."
They retired from active service in 1916. By that time they were the oldest serving Salvation Army officer.
In their will they left £573 16s 3d to their widow Isabella Ridsdel and their sons Ernest Bramwell Ridsdel (1881-1939), (a company director) and Douglas Sydney Ridsdel, a Salvation Army officer.
Like many other prominent Salvationists they are buried in Abney Park Cemetery.
References
External links
Letters from General William Booth to Ridsdel - Historical Manuscripts Commission The National Archive
1844 births
1931 deaths
Salvation Army officers
Commissioners in The Salvation Army
Swedish Salvationists
Burials at Abney Park Cemetery
Fever Tree is the debut studio album by the American psychedelic rock band Fever Tree and was released on March 28, 1968 on Uni Records (see 1968 in music). It blended multiple influences ranging from psychedelia to baroque pop and folk rock, and was marked by eerie ballads and hard rock numbers. Much of the group's material was penned by the husband-wife songwriting duo of Scott and Vivian Holtzman, along with renditions of contemporary rock songs. The album was preceded by arguably Fever Tree's best known song, "San Francisco Girls (Return of the Native)", becoming the group's only nationally charting single. Like its attendant single, Fever Tree was also moderately successful and managed to reach number 156 on the Billboard 200.
Background
Fever Tree's first two singles became successful enough on a regional scale to convince record producing and songwriting duo, Scott and Vivian Holtzman, to secure a recording contract with Uni Records. Recording sessions commenced in January 1968 at Andrus Studios in Los Angeles after the group's relocation from Houston. With arrangements conducted by David Angel, who worked on the acclaimed Love album, Forever Changes, the recordings featured baroque and classical orchestration, and intricate horn instrumental patterns. The album is highlighted by the striking lead vocals of Dennis Keller, and the experimental keyboard textures arranged by Rob Landes.
The eleven songs included on Fever Tree exhibit a wide array of styles, encompassing elements of hard rock and jazz on "Where Do You Go?", pop music on "The Sun Also Rises", folk rock, on the cover version of "Nowadays Clancy Can't Even Sing", and psychedelia throughout. In addition, the multi-sectioned structures and classical structures served as an indication toward Fever Tree's progressive rock experimentation that they would explore on their second album, Another Time, Another Place. The album's centerpiece is the group's only charting single, "San Francisco Girls (Return of the Native)". Written by the Holtzman duo, the composition made use of baroque pop-style harpsichord droning sustain guitar instrumentals, and somber percussion. The song saw heavy US airplay and managed to reach number 91 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Fever Tree was released on March 28, 1968 and became a moderate hit when it charted at number 156 on the Billboard 200. In 1993, the album was rereleased on compact disc along with Fever Tree's second album, Another Time, Another Place on Collector's Choice Records. Additionally, the album was distributed on CD by Sundazed Records in 2009. Most of the material from Fever Tree is also featured on the 1986 compilation album, San Francisco Girls: The Best of Fever Tree.
Track listing
"Imitation Situation 1 (Toccata and Fugue)" (J. S. Bach, Rob Landes, Scott Holtzman, Vivian Holtzman) – 2:32
"Where Do You Go?" (Michael Knust, S. Holtzman, V. Holtzman) – 2:25
"San Francisco Girls (Return of the Native)" (Knust, S. Holtzman, V. Holtzman) – 3:58
"Ninety-Nine and a Half" (Steve Cropper, Wilson Pickett) – 2:45
"Man Who Paints the Pictures" (Knust, S. Holtzman, V. Holtzman) – 2:32
"Filigree and Shadow" (S. Holtzman, V. Holtzman) – 3:51
"The Sun Also Rises" (Rob Landes, S. Holtzman, V. Holtzman) – 2:41
"Day Tripper" / "We Can Work It Out" (John Lennon, Paul McCartney) – 3:27
"Nowadays Clancy Can't Even Sing" (Neil Young) – 3:00
"Unlock My Door" (Landes, S. Holtzman, V. Holtzman) – 3:45
"Come with Me (Rainsong)" (Landes, S. Holtzman, V. Holtzman) – 3:45
Personnel
Musicians
Dennis Keller – lead vocals
E.E. Wolfe – bass guitar
John Tuttle – percussion
Michael Knust – lead guitar
Rob Landes – cello, clavinet, flute, harp, harpsichord, organ, piano, recorder
Technical
Scott Holtzman, Vivian Holtzman – producers
Walter Andrus – engineer
References
1968 debut albums
Uni Records albums
Fever Tree (band) albums
Ovacık is a village in the District of Ardanuç, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 116 people.
References
Villages in Ardanuç District
The WCPW League Championship was a professional wrestling heavyweight championship in Windy City Pro Wrestling (WCPW). It replaced the WCPW Heavyweight Championship as the promotion's main singles title in 1993, following the creation of its weight-class division, and continued to be defended until 2008 when it was unified with the Heavyweight and Bare Knuckles Championships to create the "WCPW World Heavyweight Championship". The League Championship was brought back during the promotion's final year with the intention of it being defended against by wrestlers from other promotions. It remained active until December 16, 2010 when WCPW merged with Chicago Pro Wrestling Academy to form Dynasty Sports Entertainment.
The inaugural champion was Mike Anthony, who defeated Kevin Quinn in a tournament final on May 22, 1993 to become the first WCW League Champion. Anthony, Terry Allen, and Steve Boz are tied for the record for most reigns, with three each. At 714 days, Steve Boz's first reign is the longest in the title's history. Abaddon's only reign was the shortest in the history of the title winning a Fatal Four Way match involving Acid Jaz, Marshe Rockett, and Justin Adams only to lose it to Curse on the same night. Coincidentally, they defeated the last champion, Sean Mulligan, on May 17, 2008 at Battle of the Belts 20 to unify the Bare Knuckles, Heavyweight and League titles. Wrestling under the name "Austin Roberts", they were the promotion's heavyweight champion at the time. Overall, there have been 28 reigns shared between 17 wrestlers, with three vacancies, and 2 deactivations.
Title history
Key
Names
Reigns
Combined reigns
References
External links
WindyCityProWrestling.com
Title History - Windy City Pro Wrestling
League Championship
Song Ji-yeong (born 1 December 1982) is a South Korean sports shooter. They competed in two events at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1982 births
Living people
South Korean female sport shooters
Olympic shooters of South Korea
Shooters at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Ossów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołomin, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wołomin and north-east of Warsaw.
In August 1920, the Battle of Ossów was fought there, part of the Battle of Warsaw, in which the Poles were victorious and repulsed the Soviet invasion. Just outside the village, in the neighboring town of Zielonka, there is a cemetery of the fallen Polish soldiers with a chapel of Our Lady of Victory. In Ossów, there is a small museum dedicated to the battle, memorials to Ignacy Skorupka, Polish priest killed in the battle, and a mass grave of 22 fallen Soviet soldiers.
References
Villages in Wołomin County
A water power engine includes prime movers driven by water and which may be classified under three categories:
Water pressure motors, having a piston and cylinder with inlet and outlet valves: their action is that analogous of a steam- or gas-engine with water as the working fluid – see water engine
Water wheels
Turbines, deriving their energy from high velocity jet of jets (the impulse machine), or from water supplied under pressure and passing through the vanes of a runner which is thereby caused to rotate (the reaction type)
Hydro power is generated when the natural force from the water's current moves a device (fan, propeller, wheel) that is pushed by the force of the water. Ordinary water weighs 8.36 lbs per gallon (1 kg per liter). The force make the turbine mechanism spin, creating electricity. As long as there is flow, it is possible to produce electricity. The advantage of electricity generated in this way is that it is a renewable resource. A small-scale Micro Hydro Power can be a reliable and long lasting piece of technology. The disadvantage of the system is that technology has yet to be developed more than what it is today.
Stanley Myer
As the prices for gasoline continued to soar a man of many inventions named Stanley Myer worked on a solution that would cut the cost of fueling our cars as well as help the planet. The war on the supply and demand of a necessity for vehicles would become a distant memory if Myer could make their invention work for all vehicles. Myer transformed a dune buggy's fuel system into a system that used water to fuel its engine, which replaced gasoline. The idea was to have cars altered to accommodate the water powered engines. On June 24, 1992 Myer applied to have their work patented. They were a man of many inventions and patents such as their work on Process and apparatus for the production of fuel gas and the enhanced release of thermal energy from such gas, Method for the production of a fuel gas, Controlled process for the production of thermal energy from gases and apparatus useful therefore, Electrical pulse generator, Gas electrical hydrogen generator, Start-up/shut-down for a hydrogen gas burner, Light-guide lens, Solar heating system Multi-stage solar storage system. After a long two years later on March 15, 1994, Myer patented their work. Hydrogen gas fuel and management system for an internal combustion engine using hydrogen gas fuel, patent number 5293857. This invention would use a 2:1 portion of hydrogen to oxygen and a regulated density of the hydrogen component of the mixture such that the burn rate of the mixture approximates that of a fossil fuel and a system for maintaining the foregoing gas fuel mixture and characteristics in an internal combustion engine. According to Myer, this transformed dune buggy could run a whopping 100 miles per gallon. The dune buggy was able to go so far on water due to a process called electrolysis. The investors and courts felt Myer and their inventions were fraudulent.
Two years later Myer was accused of fraud and had to pay back their investors. The idea was that they had not invented anything new or useful it was a simple use of electrolysis. The investors and courts felt Myer and their inventions were fraudulent. There was another idea that it is impossible to use water in cars due to heat the tolerability of it.
Normal water electrolysis requires the passage of current measured in amps, Meyer's cell achieves the same effect in milliamps. Furthermore ordinary tap water requires the addition of an electrolyte such as sulphuric acid to aid current conduction; Meyer's cell functions at greatest efficiency with pure water.
Pros of water-power engines and hydro power
Water-powered engines and hydro power can have many advantages in a society that relies mostly on non-renewable resources such as oil and coal. Water covers an estimated 71 percent of the Earth's surface. In conjunction with normal weather patterns such as evaporation and precipitation, water is a natural renewable resource that is in abundance on Earth.
Hydroelectric power has been a popular method of energy dating back to the late 19th century. The main advantage of using hydropower is that it is a clean form of energy, otherwise known as "green" energy. Since the process of using waterpower does not require burning fossil fuels, it is more environmentally friendly. Fewer Greenhouse gasses are emitted into the atmosphere contributing to climate change, lower levels of smog in large cities, and a lesser chance of acid rain taking place.
In the current economy, fossil fuels account for most competitive markets between big businesses. This leads to a constant fluctuation in economic prices being considerably high or low depending on supply and demand. Unlike fossil fuels which are non-renewable, rivers, lakes, and ocean water are an infinite resource. Dams are a product of the water-power engine and provide consistent energy to nearby populated areas. Murray 1 and 2 Hydro Electric Power Stations and the Tumut 3 Hydroelectric Power Station in Australia is responsible for generating between 550 megawatts and 1,800 megawatts of electricity. The water powered turbines used in these dams need little maintenance, are easily upgradable with modern technology, and have a lifespan of 50–100 years.
Clean energy created by hydro power plants attracts positive results in otherwise remote areas. It enhances commerce and gives rise to more industry. The overall education improves in these areas as well as healthcare. Dams that run on hydro powered engines create lakes that attract tourists and boosts the economy in those areas. Such as the Hoover Dam which attracts 7 million tourists every year. The advantages of using hydro power and controlling water flow also has irrigation benefits. In areas that have less rainfall, such as Arizona and Nevada, the ability to control the waterpower engine's water consumption saves water during dry seasons making the region less reliant on natural rainfall.
Cons of water-power engines and hydro power
Although beneficial in the long run, water powered engines require materials that require a high financial price. Hydro powered dams require less maintenance once fully constructed, however the time it takes to earn its revenue back may take almost its whole lifespan.
Some water powered engines and the plants associated with them can emit large amounts of methane and carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. This is mainly due to the surrounding reservoirs that have stagnant water where over long periods of time plants and other biological material decomposes and produces environmentally harmful pollutants into the air.
Conspiracy theories
Stanley Meyer death
The idea of water powered car has been around since Stanley Meyer made it popular in the late 20th century. However, they were met with pushback from an Ohio court claiming that such an automobile could not possibly work. Meyer abruptly died in 1998 while eating at a restaurant. According to their brother, Meyer ran out of the restaurant screaming "They've poisoned me" before succumbing to their death. Due to this account, many believe that Meyer was indeed poisoned by those trying to dismantle the idea of clean energy, especially in a time of a booming auto industry. This was never proven to be true as an autopsy revealed that Meyer died from a cerebral aneurysm and not poison.
Conspiracy theorists believe that there is a global suppression surrounding the idea of creating a successful water fuel cell or fully water powered engine. This stems from the idea that large oil companies that control most of the revenue related to gas and fossil fuels do not want water fueled technology to overpower current gas and electric reliant vehicles. This would not only create a cheaper, cleaner, and more efficient engine but also would eventually make oil companies obsolete.
Genepax
One such event that raised eyebrows was the company Genepax and their water powered car. Primarily based in Japan, it was unveiled in 2008 that Genepax had a working concept car that ran solely on air and water. It did this by using a special water energy system and a membrane electrode assembly (MES). These two technologies combined was able to break down hydrogen and oxygen through the processes of a chemical reaction. It was a design that made the future of water powered technology attainable and not too far off from becoming the future of clean energy.
That is until the mid 2000s that Genepax suddenly shut its doors for good without notice. For a company that made many appearances to the public showcasing the future of automobiles, many find it strange that it ended so suddenly, which correlates with the sudden death of the inventor themselves Stanley Meyer. According to those who follow such theories, no water powered engine has successfully been invented to the point of getting a patent to produce and distribute to auto manufacturers. The uncertainty behind events such as these are what fuels conspiracy theorists to continue to support the suppression of clean energy technology by unknown entities.
Recent inventions
Currently in Israel, MayMaan Research, LLC, has developed a powerful piston engine that runs on a combination of water and ethanol (or another alcohol) and does not require the use of diesel or regular gasoline. The water powered piston engine eliminates both nitrogen and sulfur oxides that create harmful air quality. They estimate that it is 60 percent more efficient than gasoline and can save on 50 percent of fuel costs. They plan to not only focus on automobiles but overall transportation such as ships, trains, and large trucks. The mission that MayMaan Research and its founders are trying to accomplish is to eliminate the dependency on fossil fuels worldwide and to create a greener environment for all.
Ten inventions of hydro power
Helicoid penstocks – Similar to a rifle barrel, etched spiral grooves on the inside, rushed water flows through the helicoid penstock and starts to spin then the pipes flows the water directly on an electric turbine which then improves the turbines performance.
Fish ladders – The Thompson Falls hydroelectric plant in Montana houses the most technologically advanced fish ladder in the United States of America.
Hydrosphere – A hydroelectric generator which uses the intense pressure differentials in the deeper ends of lakes and or oceans. The hydrosphere's inventor Rick Dickson states it can generate up to 500 megawatts of continuous renewable energy.
Air–water gravity generator – Another invention from Rick Dickson, believed to be the hydro plant of the future. Pressured water is let into the Air – Water- Gravity generator which generates power by entering a vacuum chamber which then forces a piston to climb a stator. Electricity is generated at that point.
Wave power – Less known about waves, they are considered to produce hydrokinetic energy as kinetic energy is in the movement of the waves crashing against the shores and rocks. Scientists believe if they could extract 15 percent of energy it could generate as much electricity as all the hydroelectric dams in the nation.
Tidal power – Again the powers of the water are at work here. It is noted that the water can carry immense power and pressure therefore can be used in several ways that benefit us and in this case we can use it to generate electricity. Resembling a lawn mower better known as a under sea windmill the turbines rotate when tides rush in and out which generates power and can give power up to 30 homes.
River power – This happens to be an idea that can produce energy but also preserves wildlife as it does not require the alterations and constructions like dams and fish ladders. It would consist of modules- turbines, stabilizer, mooring system, and energy conversion systems. Again, water flows through the turbines which then allows the river's energy to be collected and drives a generator. The river's energy can generate 50 kilowatts with a water speed of 4 knots. With this system in place it does not disrupt the natural livelihood of fish and river traffic.
Vortex power – VIVACE – Vortex Induced Vibration for Aquatic Clean Energy. This system is based on fish movement and their use of pushing their bodies off vortices to move forward. This invention can capture energy on slow moving rivers.
Pipe power – A newer invention to capture energy through water, this system uses municipal pipes. Created by Leviathan. Benkatina turbine works off water that flows through enclosed pipes, sewer pipes, canals, and pipes used to remove wastewater from factories.
Making a splash – Fzulton Innovation has created Lilliputian hydroelectric technologies . This system allows one to power their home appliances with the use of the water from their own faucets. It is noted it can also create emergency lighting and can charge batteries. This seems to be a great invention for families who live in areas with a high impact from weather and having their power cut off consistently.
Many inventions involve water. The problem is finding inventions that can be useful to all people and help curve poverty as well as curve the negative impacts inventions have on our natural world and wild life.
See also
Water engine
Water-fuelled car
Water-returning engine
Water turbine
Working fluid
Rankine cycle
Hydroelectricity
References
Engines
Hydraulics
Hydraulic engineering
Sustainable technologies
Nigel O'Loughlin (born 19 January 1954) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
External links
Clarke Chroniclers
1954 births
Living people
English footballers
Rhyl F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
Shrewsbury Town F.C. players
Ashton United F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football midfielders
1+1 is a 1972 album by Grin, featuring songs by their guitarist Nils Lofgren. As well as being an album in its own right, this was released by CBS in the UK as part of a 1976 double album set along with its predecessor Grin. The original LP was a gatefold. It had a photo of Nils on the front, with Bob & Bob on the back. The inside features triple exposure photos of the band members performing, giving the impression of motion. The Sides are not labelled 1 & 2. The first side is labelled "Rockin' Side" and the flip side is labelled "Dreamy Side".
Track listing
Personnel
Grin
Nils Lofgren – guitars, keyboards, vocals
Bob Berberich – drums, vocals
Bob Gordon – bass, vocals
with:
Graham Nash – vocals on "Hi, Hello Home"
David Blumberg – orchestration on "Just a Poem" and "Soft Fun"
Technical
Photography – Ed Caraeff
Design – Wayne Kimbell
Distributed by CBS Records
References
All information from album cover and label, unless otherwise noted. 1+1, Grin, Spindizzy Z 31038 (1972) LP
1972 albums
Nils Lofgren albums
Albums produced by David Briggs (producer)
Epic Records albums
Albums recorded at Wally Heider Studios
Çamlıca is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Xiqun Hope Elementary School () is a Hope Elementary School located at Longjin Village, Banqiao Township, Zhijin County, Guizhou, China. It was founded in 2003 by Grace Charity Foundation of Hong Kong and the local government.
History
In 2003 Hong Kong philanthropists Mr. and Mrs. Mak donated ¥60,000 to Grace Charity Foundation. With another ¥60,000 of matching fund from the local government, a school was established. Construction finished in 2004. Initially there were 4 grades and 2 teachers. However, due to the lack of teachers, Grade 3 and 4 were soon abolished and students transferred to nearby schools. At the beginning of 2008, a volunteer teacher named Ning Han from Shanxi came to the school. Together with Mr. and Mrs. Chi Yong from Shenyang they steadily built the school up. In September 2008, the school has again had four grades, with facilities including a basketball court, a wall and a computer room, most of which were funded by donations.
In August 2009, another volunteer, They Guanghui, from Nanchang University joined the school.
Campus
The school is located by a country highway, about 15 minutes by bus from Banqiao Township, and 50 minutes to Zhijin County. The school building is 2-story high, with 6 classrooms and 2 offices. A basketball court, doubling as a playground were built over the summer of 2008, thanks to the donation by philanthropists Li Guang and Xue Yungong, and a matching grant by the township government.
Staff and students
In April 2010, there are 80 students, two local teachers and one volunteer teacher in the school.
Influence
It is the first Hope Elementary School in China to have its own website.
It is the only elementary school in Banqiao Township to have school uniforms.
References
External links
School website (Simplified Chinese) Closed due to web registration issues
Mr. Chi Yong's blog (Simplified Chinese)
Schools in China
Primary schools in China
Education in Guizhou
() is a German noun translated as "longing", "desire", "yearning", or "craving". Some psychologists use the word to represent thoughts and feelings about all facets of life that are unfinished or imperfect, paired with a yearning for ideal alternative experiences.
Etymology and language change
A suffering reference of the word Sehnsucht in Middle High German usage is associated with "Siechtum" in the German dictionary as follows: Weakening the disease reference, the word later denoted the high "degree of a violent and often painful longing for something, especially when one has no hope of attaining what is desired, or when attainment is uncertain, still distant."
The word "Sehnsucht" is used as a Germanism in some other languages. Because of its vagueness, analogous terms cannot easily be cited. Portuguese language has the similar but not identical term saudade.
Sehnsucht in mythology
In Greek mythology, Erotes is the god of loving Sehnsucht, found with Eros in the company of Aphrodite.
A mythical explanation of Sehnsucht is offered by the myth of so-called Kugelmenschen, mythical creatures that are some sort of spherical men, which the philosopher Plato has narrated in their fictional, literary dialogue Symposium(The Banquet). The inventor of the myth is Plato himself, but they have utilized old mythical motifs. The core idea also occurs in non-European myths. Plato's fictional narrator is the famous comedy poet Aristophanes, who, like the other participants in the banquet of which the dialogue is about, gives a speech about Eros. According to the myth, humans originally had spherical hulls as well as four hands and feet and two faces on one head. In their wantonness they wanted to storm the sky. For this, Zeus punished them by cutting each of them in half. These halves are the people of today. They suffer from their incompleteness; each one is looking for the lost other half. The longing for the former wholeness is shown in the form of erotic desire, which aims at union. Some spherical men were entirely male, others entirely female, still others - the androgynoi Androgynos - had a male and a female half. The entirely male ones originally descended from the sun, the entirely female ones from the earth, and the androgynous ones from the moon. With this different nature of the sphere-men, Plato's Aristophanes explains the differences in sexual orientation. Only the humans originating from androgynoi are heterosexually oriented.
In psychology
Psychologists have worked to capture the essence of by identifying its six core characteristics:
utopian conceptions of ideal development;
sense of incompleteness and imperfection of life;
conjoint time focus on the past, present, and future;
ambivalent (bittersweet) emotions;
reflection and evaluation of one's life; and
symbolic richness.
In a cross-cultural study conducted to determine whether the German concept of could be generalized to the United States, four samples of American and German participants “rated their 2 most important life longings and completed measures of subjective well-being and health.” German and American participants did not differ in their ability to identify life longings or the intensity of their . However, German participants associated it more with unattainable, utopian states while Americans reported the concept as not as important to everyday life.
Some researchers posit that has a developmental function that involves life management. By imagining overarching and possibly unachievable goals, individuals may be able to create direction in their life by developing more tangible goals, or “stepping stones” that will aid them on their path toward their ideal self. "[ has] important developmental functions, including giving directionality for life planning and helping to cope with loss and important, yet unattainable wishes by pursuing them in one's imagination." It can also operate as a self-regulatory mechanism.
However, in a study that attempted to discover whether played an active role in one's ability to influence their own development, psychologists asked 81 participants to report “their most important personal goals and life longings, and [evaluate] these with respect to their cognitive, emotional, and action-related characteristics.” Results showed that goals were perceived as more closely linked to everyday actions, and as such more controllable. , on the other hand, was reported as more related to the past and future, and therefore more emotionally and developmentally ambiguous.
Also, in a study conducted in 2009, 168 middle-aged childless women were asked to rate their wish for children according to intensity and attainability. If the women rated their wish as intense and long-standing, their wish was considered a life-longing. If they rated their wish as intense and attainable, it was simply a goal. “The pursuit of the wish for children as a life longing was positively related to well-being only when participants had high control over the experience of this life longing and when other self-regulation strategies (goal adjustment) failed.”
In popular culture
"" is a poem by that inspired composers like and . 's "" was set to music by multiple composers, including Ludwig van Beethoven.
Longing, specifically longing for some unknown joy, is a central idea in many of the books by C. S. Lewis, such as their autobiography Surprised by Joy (1955).
Richard Strauss composed a setting of Detlev von Liliencron's poem "Sehnsucht" in 1896 (Opus 32, number 2).
Sehnsucht (1997) is the title of the second album, and title track of that album, by the German metal band Rammstein.
In 2011 the film director Badran Roy Badran treated the concept of Sehnsucht in their feature film A Play Entitled Sehnsucht.
See also
Peak experience
Romanticism
References
Bibliography
External links
C. S. Lewis on Joy, Sehnsucht, Longing and True Myth
Joy and Sehnsucht
Sehnsucht: The C. S. Lewis Journal
An English description of the word by a German native speaker
"Sehnsucht" song texts at The LiederNet Archive
Scores at the International Music Score Library Project
Emotions
German words and phrases
Suffering
Melancholia
Words and phrases with no direct English translation
Nostalgia
The Lamandau Nature Reserve is found in Borneo, Indonesia. This site has an area of . It is home to a number of Bornean orangutans (Pongo pygmaeus). It is this reserve that rehabilitates and orphan orangutans are released into by the Orangutan Foundation. (McConkey, 2005)
The number of endangered orangutans is currently around 500, but that number is gradually growing as the Lamandau Nature Reserve implements a program of rehabilitation and release of orangutans into the natural environment.
See also
Lamandau River
Further reading
McConkey, M. 2005. Bornean Orangutan, In Caldecotte, J. and Miles., eds, World Atlas of Great Apes and their conservation. Prepared at the UNEP World Conservation Monitoring Centre. University of California Press, Berkeley, USA.
References
Protected areas of Indonesia
Borneo
Yanatlı is a village in the District of Göle, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Göle District
Ole Breistøl (born 11 July 1998) is a Norwegian footballer who plays for Ullensaker/Kisa IL.
Career
Ull/Kisa
On 13 January 2020 Ullensaker/Kisa IL confirmed, that Breistøl had joined the club on a deal until the end of 2021.
References
External links
Ole Breistøl at NFF
1998 births
Living people
Norwegian footballers
Eliteserien players
Norwegian Second Division players
Sandefjord Fotball players
IF Fram Larvik players
Ullensaker/Kisa IL players
Association football wingers
People from Sandefjord
Sportspeople from Vestfold og Telemark
Douglas Joseph Bennet Jr. (June 23, 1938 – June 10, 2018) was an American political official and college president. They were the fifteenth president of Wesleyan University, in Middletown, Connecticut, from 1995 to 2007. Before that, they served as Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs in the Clinton Administration (1993–95) and Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs in the Carter administration (1977–79), was the President and CEO of National Public Radio (1983–93), and ran the United States Agency for International Development under President Carter (1979–81).
Early life and education
Born in Orange, New Jersey, to Douglas Joseph Bennet Sr. and Phoebe (Benedict) Bennet, Bennet grew up in Lyme, Connecticut, and attended the local public schools. They earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Wesleyan University in 1959, an M.A. in history from the University of California, Berkeley in 1960, and a doctorate in history from Harvard University in 1968.
Career
They were an assistant to Ambassador to India Chester Bowles in the 1960s.
In 1970, they announced their candidacy for the Democratic primary for Connecticut's 2nd congressional district, which was vacated by the death of Congressman William St. Onge, but later withdrew from the race. In 1974, they sought the Democratic nomination for the same seat, but was defeated at the district convention by Christopher Dodd.
They later served on the staffs of Missouri Senator Thomas Eagleton, Minnesota Senator Hubert H. Humphrey, and Connecticut Senator Abraham Ribicoff. In 1977, Bennet became United States Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs.
Bennet succeeded John J. Gilligan as the administrator of the United States Agency for International Development in 1979, where they served for two years. After heading a private research institute, they were named head of NPR in 1983. In 1993, President Bill Clinton named Bennet as Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs, where they served until 1995.
In April 1995, Bennet succeeded William Chace, becoming the fifteenth president of Wesleyan University.
On May 4, 2006, Bennet announced that they would step down as president following the 2006–2007 academic year. The last several years of their twelve-year presidency were contentious in some respects, with opposition by a minority in the student body on certain matters. Some students believed Bennet's fundraising priorities conflicted with the interests and needs of the student body, and the university's mission of education. A student movement came to a head in December 2004, when approximately 250 students (of more than 2,700 undergraduates) protested in front of the administrative building South College, where Bennet's office was located, demanding that they address student concerns. On March 26, 2007, Wesleyan's Board of Trustees announced that Michael S. Roth would succeed Bennet as president for the 2007–2008 academic year.
Awards
In 1994, Bennet received an honorary doctor of laws degree from Wesleyan; in 2008, they received an honorary doctor of laws degree from Trinity College. In 2011, Bennet was named a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. In 2012, a residence hall in the Fauver Frosh housing complex at Wesleyan was renamed Bennet Hall in honor of former President Bennet.
Personal
On June 27, 1959, Bennet married Susanne Klejman of Washington, D.C. They have three children, Michael, James, and Holly. They divorced in 1995. In 1996 they married Midge Bowen Ramsey, a vice president at National Public Radio.
References
|-
Presidents of Wesleyan University
1938 births
2018 deaths
Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Wesleyan University alumni
UC Berkeley College of Letters and Science alumni
United States Assistant Secretaries of State
People from Orange, New Jersey
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
American chief executives in the media industry
Administrators of the United States Agency for International Development
Carter administration personnel
The New Adventures of Vidocq (French: Les nouvelles aventures de Vidocq, German: Die Abenteuer des Monsieur Vidocq) is a historical crime television series which originally ran between 1971 and 1973. It was a co-production between France and West Germany, with shooting taking place partly at the Bavaria Studios in Munich. The main character is based on the life of Eugène François Vidocq, an early nineteenth century criminal turned crime-fighter. A previous series Vidocq had been made in 1967.
Main cast
Claude Brasseur as François Vidocq
Danièle Lebrun as Baronne de Saint-Gely
Marc Dudicourt as Flambart
Jacques Seiler as Desfossé
Pierre Pernet as L'acrobate
Alain MacMoy as Le marquis de Modène
Walter Buschhoff as Le docteur
Robert Party as Fouché
References
Bibliography
Malcolm Anderson. In Thrall to Political Change: Police and Gendarmerie in France. OUP, 2011.
Jean-Pierre Mattei. Napoléon & le cinéma: un siècle d'images. Editions Alain Piazzola, 1998.
External links
1971 German television series debuts
1973 German television series endings
1971 French television series debuts
1973 French television series endings
French-language television shows
German-language television shows
Television series set in the 1810s
Television series set in the 1820s
Television shows set in Paris
Patricia Calton (; 19 September 1948 – 29 May 2005) was a British Liberal Democrat politician who served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Cheadle in Greater Manchester.
They were first elected at the 2001 general election, with a 33-vote majority over the sitting Conservative MP Stephen Day. They held their seat in the 2005 general election with a majority of 4,020 votes over Stephen Day, despite being too ill with cancer to campaign personally. They died less than four weeks later, although they were sworn in as an MP five days before their death. They also stood at the 1992 general election and the 1997 general election. They had previously been a deputy leader of Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council. They are, to date, the only Liberal Democrat MP to have died in office since the party's foundation in 1988.
Biography
Calton was born into a Royal Air Force family and as a result moved around frequently as a child. They began their schooling in Egypt while their father was posted there but most of their school days were spent at Wymondham College in Norfolk.
After their degree in biochemistry at the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology (UMIST), they took a Postgraduate Certificate in Education at the University of Manchester.
Either side of a career break while bringing up their family, they taught Chemistry in comprehensive schools in Greater Manchester and Cheshire. In June 2001 they left teaching for Parliament, their last school being Poynton High School, where they were head of Chemistry and head of Legh House.
In Parliament, they were a Liberal Democrat spokesperson on Northern Ireland and on health, and was also chair of the all-party group on breast cancer.
They were married to their husband Clive in 1969. They had three children; Libby, Andrew and Catherine and one grandchild named Bethany. The family lived in Bramhall for most of their married life and all the children were educated at local schools — Pownall Green Primary and Bramhall High School — and then at Stockport's sixth form colleges.
Calton was first diagnosed with breast cancer following the 1997 election campaign. They recovered after they had undergone a double mastectomy the same year. They ran the London Marathon four times to raise money for Macmillan Nurses. In February 2005 the cancer recurred, this time in the spine. They died on 29 May 2005.
A few days before their death, they entered the House of Commons in a wheelchair to affirm their allegiance. Speaker Michael Martin broke with tradition, leaving the Speaker's Chair to shake Calton's hand, said "welcome home Patsy," and kissed them cheek.
After their death, Breakthrough Breast Cancer established the Breakthrough Patsy Calton Award in their honour to recognise exceptional achievement by parliamentarians in campaigning for improvements in breast cancer research, services and/or the patient experience.
References
External links
ePolitix.com - Patsy Calton MP
Guardian Unlimited Politics - Ask Aristotle: Mrs Patsy Calton MP
TheyWorkForYou.com - Patsy Calton MP
The Public Whip - Patsy Calton MP voting record
BBC News - Patsy Calton profile 10 February 2005
BBC News Guardian Unlimited Manchester Evening News Telegraph Libdems.org coverage of their death
Guardian Obituary: "Courageous Lib Dem MP known for their health campaigns"
Independent Obituary: "Energetic Liberal Democrat MP for Cheadle"
1948 births
2005 deaths
Liberal Democrats (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Female members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
Councillors in Stockport
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
Deaths from cancer in England
People educated at Wymondham College
Liberal Democrats (UK) councillors
21st-century British women politicians
20th-century British women politicians
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Cheadle
20th-century English women
20th-century English people
21st-century English women
21st-century English people
Women councillors in England
Place of death missing
The Hele-Shaw clutch was an early form of multi-plate wet clutch, in use around 1900. It was named after its inventor, Professor Henry Selby Hele-Shaw, who was noted for their work in viscosity and flows through small gaps between parallel plates. The clutch was innovative in not relying upon friction, as other clutches did.
Description
The clutch appears outwardly similar to most other multi-plate clutches. A stack of plates is enclosed in a housing with a divided central shaft. Alternate plates are keyed to either the input or output shafts, through either the inner or outer housings. A pressure plate is arranged at one end of the stack so that an axial force may be applied, compressing the stack and causing it to transmit the drive. Releasing the pressure releases the clutch.
In the Hele-Shaw clutch, the many plates are lightweight pressings from thin sheets of steel. Each plate has a ring pressed into it, V-shaped in section and forming a frustum of a cone with each side. The clutch is always used wet, so that there is a very thin layer of oil between the plates, even when compressed. For high powers there may be a great many of these plates, necessitated by the driving torque through of the keying teeth. The 1908 Itala Grand Prix car had a clutch with 64 plates.
The innovation of the Hele-Shaw clutch is that it does not operate by friction, as for most other clutches, but rather by the viscous flow behaviour of which Professor Hele-Shaw had made an in-depth study. When the plates are pressed together closely enough, the film between the plates is thin enough that the drag between them is sufficient to transmit the drive without slipping. Although there may be some slight slip in practice, unlike the fluid coupling there is no requirement for such slip to generate the flow velocity that the coupling depends upon, and so the Hele-Shaw clutch may approach a theoretical 100% efficiency.
Frictional clutches, usually leather-faced cone clutches, were in use before the Hele-Shaw clutch. Their difficulty was one of materials science and the lack of a suitable friction material, before asbestos clutch linings, that could handle the specific power / area at an elevated operating temperature. As the Hele-Shaw clutch did not rely on friction, it generated only a fraction of the heat of other designs and its construction was easily able to disperse this.
Both the multi-plate and the wet clutch were also in use beforehand. The innovation of the Hele-Shaw clutch is that the multiple plates were an inherent feature of the design, and also simple to manufacture, rather than being a crude duplication of multiple elements that were individually underpowered. The use of oil was also inherent, unlike other clutches that still basically relied on dry friction, with lubrication to avoid overheating when slipping.
The best oil for the Hele-Shaw clutch is Citroen LHS oil.
Applications
Cars
The clutch was introduced for cars and patented in 1905. Clutches were manufactured by the British Hele-Shaw Patent Clutch Co. Ltd. of Oldham. Its advantages were soon recognised, particularly its reliability and resistance to overheating when in heavy use. At a Paris motor show in 1907, around 80% of the cars exhibited used the Hele-Shaw clutch. At one time they were universally used on Parisian buses.
The multi-plate Hele Shaw clutch with six alternating steel and phosphor bronze plates running in graphite powder was used in racecars such as the 1921 Grand Prix Sunbeams.
Reversing clutches
The Hele-Shaw clutch was also used for extremely high powers in both industry and for marine propulsion, of 1,000 hp and more.
When combined with an epicyclic gearbox, a pair of clutches could form a reversing gearbox. Engaging each clutch in turn provided a forwards and reverse motion, one direction being geared down in speed and increased in torque. As the clutches could be engaged quickly with only a light controlling force, these gearboxes became widely used in heavy steel rolling mills, where the rollers are driven forwards requiring full power, then quickly in reverse.
See also
Beier variable-ratio gear
References
Clutches
Mechanical devices using viscosity
Automotive transmission technologies
Weil is a municipality in the district of Landsberg in Bavaria in Germany.
World heritage site
It is home to one or more prehistoric pile-dwelling (or stilt house) settlements that are part of the Prehistoric Pile dwellings around the Alps UNESCO World Heritage Site.
References
Landsberg (district)
Fr. Joseph Kelly (1923 – June 1994) was an Irish hurler who played as a left corner-forward for the Cork senior team.
Kelly joined the team during the 1943 championship and later became a regular member of the starting fifteen until their retirement following the conclusion of the 1947 championship. During that time they won two All-Ireland medals and three Munster medals. Kelly was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
At club level Kelly played with the famous Glen Rovers.
Playing career
Club
Kelly played their club hurling with the famous Glen Rovers club on the north side of Cork city. They enjoyed little success at minor level before joining the club's senior team. In spite of the Glen going through a hugely successful period during the 1940s, Kelly helped the team to many championship titles but never played in a county final himself.
Inter-county
Kelly first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Cork minor hurling team in 1941. They won a Munster medal that year following a 4–6 to 3–3 defeat of Tipperary. They later lined out in an All-Ireland decider against Kilkenny. A 5–2 to 2–2 score line gave Cork the victory and gave Kelly an All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship medal.
By 1943 Kelly had joined the Cork senior team. They were unused substitute that year as Cork claimed both the Munster and All-Ireland crowns.
In 1944 Kelly made their championship debut as Cork were attempting to capture a fourth All-Ireland title in-a-row. No team in the history of the hurling championship had won more than three consecutive titles. The year got off to a good start when Cork defeated Limerick by 4–6 to 3–6 after a replay to give Kelly a first Munster medal. For the third time in four years Cork faced Dublin in an All-Ireland decider. Joe Kelly was the hero of the day and they contributed greatly to Cork's 2–13 to 1–2 victory. It was a first All-Ireland medal for Kelly.
Five-in-a-row proved to be a bridge too far for Cork, however, the team returned in 1946. A 3–8 to 1–3 defeat of Limerick gave Kelly their second Munster medal. Under the captaincy of Christy Ring, Cork subsequently faced old rivals Kilkenny in the All-Ireland final. While some had written off Cork's chances, they took an interval lead of four points. With ten minutes remaining Cork's lead was reduced to just two points, however, goals by Mossy O'Riordan and Kelly secured the victory. A 7–6 to 3–8 score line gave Kelly a second All-Ireland medal.
Cork retained their provincial dominance in 1947 with Kelly picking up a third winners' medal following a three-point victory over Limerick. The All-Ireland final was a repeat of the previous year with Kilkenny providing the opposition. The stakes were high for both sides as Cork were aiming for a record sixth championship in seven seasons while Kilkenny were aiming to avoid becoming the first team to lose three consecutive All-Ireland finals. In what has been described as one of the greatest deciders of all-time, little separated the two teams over the course if the hour. A Kelly goal put Cork one point ahead with time almost up, however, Terry Leahy proved to be the hero of the day. They converted a free to level the sides again before sending over the match-winner from the subsequent puck-out. With that the game was over and Kelly's side were beaten by 0–14 to 2–7. It was the fifth time that Kilkenny had pipped Cork by a single point in an All-Ireland final.
Kelly was ordained a priest in June 1949 and effectively brought their inter-county career to an official end. They emigrated to New Zealand in October of that year and spent the rest of their life ministering in Christchurch.
Honours
Team
Cork
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship (2): 1944, 1946
Munster Senior Hurling Championship (3): 1944, 1946, 1947
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship (1): 1941
Munster Minor Hurling Championship (1): 1941
References
1923 births
1994 deaths
Glen Rovers hurlers
Cork inter-county hurlers
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship winners
Khungkhani is a Village Development Committee in Baglung District of the Dhaulagiri Zone in central Nepal.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,908 and had 397 houses in the village.
Ethnic groups
The Chhantyal, Dalit, and Magar are the three ethnic groups residing within the Khungkhani VDC.
Baglung District
Khezha or Kuzha, is a major language of the Chakhesang Naga ethnic group of Phek District in the southern part of Nagaland, India. It is generally spoken by the Khezha people and is one of the three major languages of the Chakhesang Nagas. Khezha or Kuzhale is predominantly spoken in Pfütsero and Chizami region of Phek District. It is also spoken by few villages in the northern part of Ukhrul District in the state of Manipur.
Further reading
Kapfo, Kedutso. 1993. A Descriptive Analysis of Khezha. University of Mysore. (Doctoral dissertation);
Kapfo, Kedutso. 2004. The Ethnology of the Khezhas and Khezha grammar. Mysore: Central Institute of Indian Languages.
External links
Audio sample of Khezha
References
Languages of Nagaland
Angami–Pochuri languages
Endangered languages of India
Luis Romero may refer to:
Arts and Entertainment
Luis T. Romero (1854–1893), American classical guitarist
Luis Romero (novelist) (1916–2009), Spanish novelist
Luis Enrique Romero (actor), actor in Dueña y señora
Luis "Indio" Romero, Argentine theatre director
Sportspeople
Luis Romero Petit (1917–2017), Venezuelan baseball player
Luis Romero (Uruguayan footballer) (born 1968), former Uruguayan football striker
Luis Romero (footballer, born 1984), Ecuadorian football defender
Luis Romero (footballer, born 1990), Argentine football defender
Luis Romero (footballer, born 1991), Mexican footballer
Luis Alberto (footballer, born 1992), Spanish football forward
Mekhak Ghazaryan (; born December 13, 1966 in Gyumri, Shirak), also known as Mikhail Kazaryan, is a retired amateur boxer from Armenia. They represented the Soviet Union at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea in the men's featherweight (57 kg) division. Ghazaryan was defeated in the third round by eventual gold medalist Giovanni Parisi. They represented their native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia in the men's lightweight (60 kg) division. Ghazaryan lost in the second round to Michael Strange.
Ghazaryan won the European Championship title in the lightweight division at the 1987 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Turin. Ghazaryan won a bronze medal at the 1993 European Amateur Boxing Championships in the lightweight division.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Gyumri
Soviet male boxers
Soviet Armenians
Featherweight boxers
Lightweight boxers
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Boxers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of Armenia
Olympic boxers of the Soviet Union
Armenian male boxers
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Seishi Kishimoto, creator of 666 Satan, and was published in Shōnen Rival. Sega also developed a Nintendo DS game using a parallel story.
Plot
Taking place in a futuristic style of Tokyo, Japan. Society has harnessed the power of the elements into items known as "Mystickers" which give off various effects depending on which is used and can be applied to everyday housework or even combat. Daichi, our main hero is a young teen that resents their older brother but finds comfort in their dealings with friends. After an encounter with some bullies Daichi discovers they have the potential to become a Blazer, people who are able to apply these "Mystickers" unto their skin without causing harm to their own bodies. It isn't after another deadly encounter with an unknown assailant of an organization that's targeting them that Daichi learns of their fate and that of their brother. At the cost of something precious, Daichi sets out to reclaim that which was taken, embarking on a dangerous quest with a new resolve and a powerful "Mysticker" of their own.
Setting
Mystickers
Mystickers are stickers that have special powers that can be placed on anything and anywhere. Mystickers are activated by first adhering them on a flat surface and then the user should trace the patterns imprinted on the Mysticker with their fingers. Qilin Mystickers are rare type of Mysticker and rumored that only five are in existence and that each Quilin mysticker chooses its owner. The five are Black Kakutan, White Sakumei, Blue Shouko, Crimson Enku, and Yellow Qilin.
Blazers
Blazers are a group of special people that are able to control the power of the MyStickers by sticking them onto their own bodies and manipulating their power. The strength of a Blazer comes from the power of the mind and concentration. If a Blazer has mastered those abilities, their powers will be at their maximum, and the sticker will be impossible to pull off by anyone other than the Blazer who is using the sticker. If the Blazer's mind is not concentrated, the Blazer will hurt themselves and the sticker will easily peel off.
There are certain stickers that do not have any particular effect when used by normal people, but can be activated when used by a Blazer.
Chapters
References
External links
Official website
Monthly Shōnen Rival website
2008 manga
Shōnen manga
Kodansha manga
Michael Barnes Carrithers, FBA (born 1945) is an anthropologist and academic. Since 1992, they have been Professor of Anthropology at Durham University.
Career
Born in 1945, Michael Barnes Carrithers graduated from Wesleyan University in 1967 with a Bachelor of Arts degree, and went on to complete a Master of Arts degree there four years later. They were awarded a doctorate by the University of Oxford in 1978 for their thesis entitled "The forest-dwelling monks of Lanka: an historical and anthropological study". After lecturing at the London School of Economics and Oxford, they joined the staff at Durham University in 1982 as a lecturer in anthropology; they were promoted to senior lecturer in 1987, reader in 1989 and professor of anthropology in 1992.
According to their British Academy profile, Carrithers's research focuses on "The Buddha and Buddhism in Sri Lanka; Jains in India; German commemoration of the Twentieth Century; reasoning and cogency in anthropology; rhetoric culture theory; [and] ethnography as a source of philosophy".
Awards and honours
In 2015, Carrithers was elected a Fellow of the British Academy, the United Kingdom's national academy for the humanities and social sciences.
Selected publications
The Forest Monks of Sri Lanka: An Anthropological and Historical Study (Oxford University Press, 1983).
The Buddha, Past Masters series (Oxford University Press, 1983).
(Co-edited with Steven Collins and Steven Lukes) The Category of the Person: Anthropology, Philosophy, History (Cambridge University Press, 1985).
Founders of Faith (Oxford University Press, 1986).
(Co-edited with Caroline Humphrey) The Assembly of Listeners: Jains in Society (Cambridge University Press, 1991).
Why Humans have Cultures: Explaining Anthropology and Social Diversity (Oxford University Press, 1992).
The Buddha: A Very Short Introduction (Oxford University Press, 2001).
(Editor) Culture, Rhetoric and the Vicissitudes of Life, vol. 2, Studies in Rhetoric and Culture series (Berghahn Books, 2009).
References
External links
University of Durham profile.
1945 births
Living people
Fellows of the British Academy
Legacy of Disorder is a heavy metal band formed in 2006 in Auckland, New Zealand
History
Legacy of Disorder originate from New Zealand, where lead guitarist Rana Freilich met bassist Jason Keill, forming the band with drummer 'Hellman'. Vocalist James Robinson was recruited serendipitously after stopping on their way home to listen to the band practising in a storage king locker and impressing them with their vocal ability. Not long after, the band began shaping their own sound - a collaborative effort bringing together all the band members musical tastes. Matt Thompson later joined the band just prior to recording their début album, replacing 'Hellman'.
In 2009, the band recorded their first studio album Legacy of Disorder in Texas with music engineer and producer Sterling Winfield who worked with three American heavy metal bands (Pantera, Damageplan and Hellyeah). Later that year, the band obtained some notoriety for being banned from the Wellington Sevens for not being "mainstream" enough in relation to the heaviness of their music.
Following the release of their 2012 second studio album Last Man Standing, the band embarked on an extensive tour of North America with metal heavyweights Gwar, DevilDriver and Cancer Bats.
Members
Current members
James Robinson – lead vocals (since 2006)
Rana Freilich – electric guitar (since 2006)
Jase Keill – electric bass guitar (since 2006)
Matt Thompson – drum kit (since 2007 – also of King Diamond)
Former members
Hellman – drum kit (2006–2007)
Discography
Studio albums
Legacy of Disorder (2009)
Last Man Standing (2012)
References
External links
New Zealand heavy metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 2006
Freshwater Blue is an Australian reality-drama series created by Toby Yoshimura and Ben Alcott for MTV Australia. The series follows the lives of twelve friends who have completed their secondary education and face the challenges of friendship and relationship issues as well as becoming young adults. The show is set in the Northern Beaches suburb Freshwater. The show's opening theme song, "What Happens Next", was written and performed by American band The Material.
Production
Development
Freshwater Blue was created by Toby Yoshimura who had previously worked as a producer for television network NBC. Yoshimura, who was trying to contrive a concept for a reality television show, acquired inspiration by a programme that was being developed in the United States, relating to Spring Break. It is also inspired by other MTV series from the US such as Laguna Beach: The Real Orange County, The Hills . Yoshimura pondered what Australian teenagers did when they finished high school and after further research came across the annual Schoolies week held in the Gold Coast. After travelling to Australia and discovering that Schoolies wasn't as untamed as Spring Break they opted to create a real life drama of what happens after school stating,
The show for me was a diary of a girl and their friends as they stumble through[...] the most important time of their life, right after school and in between real life[...] it's real life decisions with alcohol and bikinis.
The programme was produced by production company, Freehand, and was broadcast online via the shows official website and social networking site Facebook. The show first aired on the official website on 2 March 2010 with each episode running for eight-ten minutes. On 25 October 2010 it was announced by MTV Australia that they had picked up the series with Rebecca Batties from the network stating "After seeing a webisode[..] the MTV team and I instantly loved it. We knew intrinsically that if we added MTV's trademark production values, we could take it to a wider Australian youth audience[...]" There are no plans for a second season of this series.
Cast
Nicola Johnson
Luke Scott
Monique Sheehan
Annika Tyr-Egge
Joey Crutch
Lize Poole
Jesse Morgan
Alex Antonopolis
Rob Wentworth
Emily Twiby
Ruby Smith
Ruth Williams
Courtney Bliss
Episodes
Season 1 (2010–2011)
The first season of Freshwater Blue premiered on 2 December 2010 and will consist of 8 episodes.
See also
The Shire (TV series)
Laguna Beach: The Real Orange County
Newport Harbor: The Real Orange County
The Hills
The City
Fade Street
References
External links
2010 Australian television series debuts
2011 Australian television series endings
2010s Australian reality television series
MTV original programming
English-language television shows
Television shows set in Sydney
Television series by Freehand Productions
Pandavulu Pandavulu Tummeda () is a 2014 Indian Telugu-language comedy drama film featuring an ensemble cast composed of Mohan Babu, Manchu Vishnu, Manchu Manoj, Raveena Tandon, Hansika Motwani, Pranitha Subhash, Varun Sandesh and Tanish. Manchu Vishnu and Manchu Manoj are jointly producing the film on their respective banners, 24 Frames Factory and Sri Lakshmi Prasanna Pictures. Kona Venkat, Gopimohan and BVS Ravi wrote the film's screenplay with Palani Kumar handling cinematography.
The film is partly inspired by the Hindi movie Golmaal 3. This movie and Golmaal 3 have many similarities such as story and direction, many reviewers said "It's imprinted Golmaal 3 and it's an unofficial remake". The movie also marks the return of Mohan Babu on film after a long self-imposed hiatus, sharing the screen with both their sons Vishnu and Manoj for the first time. Raveena Tandon also returned to Telugu cinema after a long hiatus with this film. The soundtrack and music on the film were composed by Bappa Lahiri and Achu. Released worldwide on 31 January 2014, the film featured Brahmanandam, Mukesh Rishi, Raghu Babu, Vennela Kishore, Supreeth Reddy, M. S. Narayana in other pivotal roles. Upon release, the film received a positive reception from critics and it was successful at both the Indian and overseas box offices.
Plot
In the Andhra Pradesh-Karnataka border, there are two villages named Pandavapuram and Kauravapuram. Dharmanna is the head of Pandavapuram and is considered as the latest descendant of the Pandavas, while Suyodhana is the head of Kauravapuram and also is considered as the latest descendant of the Kauravas. As expected, Dharmanna is a good Samaritan while Suyodhana is a dangerous criminal who runs a quarry business. Similar to the tale of Mahabharata, here in this film too, Dharmanna and Suyodhana play the game of cards in which Suyodhana fails, which makes them follow the stipulation of the game - no celebration, marriage, and any good events should not be conducted for 14 years. This leaves Suyodhana swearing vengeance and exactly after 14 years, by manipulation, Suyodhana wins the game and asks Dharmanna to give their daughter's hand with their youngest son's marriage. Thus to ensure their daughter Honey's safety, Dharmanna sends them to Bangkok along with their friend and their friend's daughter. There they stay with Satya's family and starts working with their sons Vijay and Gopal in a successful boat business.
On a separate note, Naidu is a tourist guide in Bangkok, and their three sons Ajay, Varun, and Lucky are cons. Naidu, who is disciplined, punishes them for their misdeeds. On the other hand, Vijay turns into a very short-tempered man if one raises a finger towards them and always, in any case, Vijay keeps on breaking those fingers pointing him. Gopal stutters, while Lucky is a dumb person. While Vijay and Gopal emotionally blackmail Satya that they would have been happy if their father was there, Ajay, Varun and Lucky would emotionally blackmail Naidu that they would have been happy if their mother was there as they would support them and defend Naidu. Including Honey, only Naidu and Satya knew that the five men are orphans and Naidu and Satya sacrificed their love to raise them and still remained unmarried as their marriage was put on hold during their young days by Satya's father Subba Rao as Naidu was a poor man then. Honey somehow manages to unite them and get them married, and they make arrangements to bring all the five men under one roof. Satya's sons and Naidu's sons often quarrel, until they realise they are orphans. They conceal the fact before their new parents that they knew about their identity in order to not hurt them. Vijay is in love with Honey, and when Honey is going to propose to him, Suyodhana's son-in-law Siddha reaches Bangkok along with their men and forcibly takes them back to Kauravapuram in India.
The new family learns about the game of cards, its stipulations, and consequences from Dharmanna's friend, which makes Naidu promise Dharmanna that they would bring Honey back to Pandavapuram without any violence. Thus with reference to the Virata Parva of Mahabharata, the whole family enters Suyodhana's house in disguise. First, Naidu and Varun enter into the good books of Suyodhana's elder sons Guna and Gana and then enter the house as Graharaja, a powerful astrologer and Upagraharaja, their assistant. Satya, Lucky, and Gopal enter the house as Satya Menon, a Malayali cook, and their assistants. Vijay makes an entry as Gambler Gopi, a skilled gambler and fan of Suyodhana. Meanwhile, Suyodhana's brother-in-law Bapure, a Telugu freak and over a suspicious person, and their westernized daughter Kuchala Kumari alias KuKu, whom Bapure wishes to turn into a traditional Telugu girl. Finally, Ajay makes an entry in a female attire as Mohini, Gambler Gopi's sister-in-law who loves Gopi. Ajay in the disguise of Mohini makes Guna, Gana, and Honey's would-be Gaja fall for their charms, and KuKu, who knows Mohini's real identity is in mutual love with Ajay. Though Bapure is fond of commenting and complaining about people, Graharaja fixes them in such a situation that if they do it, they would die the next moment. On the day of the marriage of Honey and Gaja, Mohini creates a brawl between the three brothers and fakes their death.
In order to escape from the clutches of Mohini's brother Mohan, a police officer, Graharaja advises to Suyodhana to conduct the marriage of Gopi and Honey so that Mohan, who is a police officer would punish Gopi for Mohini's death. Mohan turns out to be Ajay in a police uniform and since Suyodhana's family does not know about Ajay's identity, they remain silent. The marriage is conducted and after the rituals get completed, the drama is exposed to Suyodhana's family by Guna as they find out that the corpse of Mohini thrown in the well was a doll. Naidu is shot with a gun by Suyodhana at Naidu's arm which makes the five furious. A riot happens in which Naidu and their sons emerge victorious. Finally, Bapure is forced to accept the marriage of Ajay and KuKu after they learn the truth since the couple is in love.
Cast
Mohan Babu as Naidu / Graha Raju
Manchu Vishnu as Vijay / Gambler Gopi
Manchu Manoj as Ajay / Mohini / Mohan
Raveena Tandon as Sathya
Hansika Motwani as Honey
Pranitha Subhash as Kuchela Kumari (Kuku)
Varun Sandesh as Varun / UpaGraha Raj
Tanish as Lucky
Srinivas Avasarala as Toyota/Mazda/Nissan
Adivi Sesh as Mitsubishi/Suzuki/Hyundai
Vennela Kishore as Gopal
Brahmanandam as Pichakuntla Paidithalli (Bapure)
Ali as Dolly Bhai
Dasari Narayana Rao as Subbu
M. S. Narayana as Mastan
Mukesh Rishi as Suryodhana
Giri Babu as Dharmanna
Raghu Babu as Siddha
Supreeth Reddy as Guna
Y. Kasi Viswanath as Honey's uncle
Bharani as Gana
Shravan as Gaja
Gurleen Chopra
Thagubothu Ramesh
Krishna Bhagawan
Telangana Shakuntala
Alekhya Varma
Production
The film was officially launched on 23 April 2013 in Hyderabad and the launch event was graced by Dasari Narayana Rao, Lavanya Tripathi, BVS Ravi, Gopi Mohan and Kona Venkat.
Filming
Manchu Vishnu and Hansika Motwani paired up to film the first song of the movie in some stunning landscapes and locations in Italy during the month of May in 2013.
Manoj plays three different characters in the movie and teams up with Pranitha, who plays a boisterous, fun-loving girl. They finished a brief shooting schedule in Slovenia during the same month.
Raveena Tandon, previously starring in Bangaru Bullodu, Ratha Sarathi, and Akasa Veedhilo, marks their return to the Telugu Film Industry after twelve years. They pair up with industry veteran Dr. Mohan Babu. The pair had also finished shooting a song in Venice.
Pandavulu Pandavulu Tummeda brings stunning landscapes from Europe including Germany, Austria, Italy, Slovenia among others. The film also features some beautiful backdrops from Bangkok.
Box office
The film was released on 21 January, earning approximately 11.50 crores nett in India and about 1.06 crores nett ($1,70,000) overseas.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack of the film was composed by Achu Rajamani and Bappi Lahiri. Lyrics of songs were written by Bhaskara Batla, Chandrabose and Anantha Sriram. The audio launch of the film held at the Shilpa Kala Vedika in Shilparamam, Hyderabad on 11 January 2014. Music Mania rated the soundtrack 2.5/5 and stated that the title song is better than all but that no song is worth noting.
References
External links
Official website
2014 films
Cross-dressing in Indian films
Films scored by Bappa Lahiri
2010s Telugu-language films
2010s action comedy-drama films
Films scored by Achu Rajamani
Indian action comedy-drama films
Telugu remakes of Hindi films
Films shot in Slovenia
Films shot in Austria
Films shot in Italy
Films shot in Venice
Films directed by Sriwass
Edamalaipatti Pudur or E.Pudur is a large residential neighbourhood and extension of Tiruchirappalli in Tamil Nadu, India. Surrounded by KK Nagar to East, Karumandapam to West, Crawford to North & Panjapur to South. The areas have amenities such as Popular Temples, hospitals,smart mediequip services, Pazhamudircholai, tailors, flour mills, schools and petrol stations.
Locality
Edamalaipatti Pudur is located on Madurai Main Road (NH45B) 3.5 km from Trichy Central Bus Stand & 3 km from Trichy Railway Station. Tiruchirappalli Corporation wards 39 and 40 and some of 41st wards covers this area and falls under Tiruchirappalli West Taluk. It has a police station with an important limit within Panjapur, Pirattiyur, Crawford under it wings. Major residential areas of Edamalaipatti Pudur includes Sozhiya Vellalar Street (Selva Vinayakar Kovil Street), RMS colony (North, south Extn.), State Bank colony, Pappa colony, Nallathanni Keni Street, Sakthivel Colony, Kalliyamman Kovil street, Anbil Dharmalinga Nagar, Arasu Colony, Francina colony, Pillayar Kovil street, Nehru street, Anthoniyar Kovil street, New Street, New Colony, KRS Nagar, Kollankulam, Bharathi Nagar, Petrol Bunk Road. Ramachandra Nagar, Nathar Nagar, Srinivasa Nagar, Rajiv Gandhi Nagar, MGR Nagar, Health Colony, Anbilar Nagar, Anjali Nagar, Stalin Nagar, Thylammai Nagar, Gangai Nagar, Murugan Nagar, Khadhi Kraft colony, Chettiyapatti, Dhobi Colony, Padugai, Krishnapuram, Kutti Malai, Rettai Malai (connects Pirattiyur).
Demographics
Most of the residents are bankers, business people, teachers and clerical workers. The area has an equal combination of middle-class and upper middle-class. The Sozhiya Vellalar community is the majority in this area. The Kaliyamman Kovil festival and rettai malai onedi karuppu temple aadi festival is quite popular, and people from all over Trichy Throng to E-Pudur to attend this festival celebration.
Industry
Bunge India Private Limited is located in Edamalaipatti Pudur, Trichy.
Banks
State Bank of India.
Canara Bank.
Tiruchirappalli District Central Co-operative Bank.
Schools & Colleges
Infant Jesus Matriculation Higher Secondary School.
MMB nursery and primary school.
Vailankanni Raj (S.R.M) nursery and primary school.
Kalaimagal Government High School
Tiruchirappalli Corporation Higher School.
Little Flower Higher Secondary School. Crawford
Saranathan Engineering College
Christhuraj Arts and Science College
Above-mentioned two colleges are located in Panjapur, near Edamalaipattipudur.
Neighbourhoods and suburbs of Tiruchirappalli
The Lovelace Tavern was a bar located in what is now the Financial District of Manhattan in New York City. Owned by the then-governor of New York colony, Colonel Francis Lovelace, it was in business from 1670 until 1706. The building's remains were discovered in 1979, when construction for present-day 85 Broad Street was taking place. The building burned down in 1706, but the original foundation walls can be seen today through glass set into the sidewalk.
References
Taverns in New York (state)
1670 establishments in the Province of New York
Financial District, Manhattan
Archaeology of the United States
1706 disestablishments in the Thirteen Colonies
Marie-Jeanne Meyer (born 1942) is a French billionaire and member of the Louis Dreyfus family.
Early life
Born Marie-Jeanne Louis-Dreyfus, they were one of three children born to Jean and Jeanne Madeline (née Depierre) Louis-Dreyfus. Them brother is Robert Louis-Dreyfus and their sister is Monique Roosmale Nepveu. Them father was Jewish and their mother Roman Catholic.  They are the great granddaughter of Léopold Louis-Dreyfus, founder of the Louis-Dreyfus Group, which had begun buying and selling wheat in the Alsace region a century earlier, and rapidly diversified into shipping, oil and other commodities. Them grandfather was Louis Louis-Dreyfus who served in the French Parliament during the French Third Republic. After the death of their brother Robert, their widow and second wife Margarita Louis-Dreyfus (b: Rita Bogdanova), inherited 60% of the Louis Dreyfus Group (later increased to 65% in 2012). As of 2013, Marie-Jeanne owned 12.5% of the Louis Dreyfus Group making them a billionaire. In 2009, they founded the venture capital company Florac SAS.
As of March 2015, they had a net worth of US$1.5 billion.
Personal life
 They are married to Philippe Meyer. They have three children.
Actress Julia Louis-Dreyfus is their cousin.
References
1942 births
French billionaires
French people of Jewish descent
Louis-Dreyfus family
Living people
Yoginder K Alagh (born 14 February 1939) is a noted Indian economist and former Union Minister of Government of India. They were the Chairman of Institute of Rural Management Anand (IRMA) from 2006 to 2012. They were the Chancellor of the Central University of Gujarat, Gandhinagar.
Early life
Alagh was born at Chakwal in Punjab, now in Pakistan, to Bhagat Ram. They studied at Maharaja's College, Jaipur and Department of Economics at University of Rajasthan. They hold a doctorate in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania, USA.
Career
Academic career
They have taught Economics at the University of Rajasthan, Indian Institute of Management Calcutta, University of Jodhpur, Swarthmore College and the University of Pennsylvania. They have acted as the 7th Vice-Chancellor of the Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi. Also founding member of Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology(CEPT), Ahmedabad presently one of India's pioneering Planning and Public policy institute.
Political career
They were elected to Rajya Sabha from Gujarat in November 1996 and continue till April 2000.
From 1996 to 1998, they were a Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Planning and Programme Implementation, Science and Technology and Power for Government of India. They headed various institutions and Commissions and acted as expert with a number of UN organisations. They were also the Member of Planning Commission, Govt. of India.
Personal life
Dr. Y. K. Alagh is married to Raksha Alagh on 9 June 1967. They have a daughter, Tavishi Alagh (an independent filmmaker) and a son, Munish Alagh (post doctoral fellow at IIM Ahmedabad).
Awards
V K R V Rao Prizes in Social Science Research in 1981 in Economics discipline. The award is instituted by Institute for Social and Economic Change, Bengaluru, India.
^Fellow, Indian Society of Agricultural Economics, Elected First Fellow of the Society in 2011
Publications
Indian Development Planning and Policy, Wider Studies in Development Economics, 1991, Second Edition, 1995
Sustainable Development : From Concept to Action, Techniques for Planners, Geneva, UNCED, reprinted in Land and Man : Essays in Sustainable Development, Delhi, Har Anand, 1995
Growth Performance of the Indian Economy, Journal of Developing Economics, Tokyo, Vol. XXX, n° 2, pp. 97–116
Indian Development Models, in Essays in the Honour of P.C. Mahalonobis, Indian National Science Academy, 1995
Fuel for Power, Lovraj Kumar memorial lecture, 1996, Current Science, Nov. 1996
State of the Indian Farmer: An Overview, Academic Press and Ministry of Agriculture, 2004
On Sherpas and Coolies: The L20 and Non Brahmanical Futures, in John English, R.Thakur and A.F.Cooper ed., Reforming From the Top, A Leaders 20 Summit, UNU Press, pp. 169–186
Agriculture in A Rural Urban Continuum, Indian Journal of Agricultural Economics, April 2011, pp.165-177
Green Revolution, The New Oxford Companion to Economics in India, Vol.1, p. 301, Oxford University Press, 2012
India2020, Journal of Quantitative Economics, Jan.2006, pp.1-14
The Future of Indian Agriculture, 2013, National Book Trust
'Economic Policy in a Liberalising Economy:The Indian Case', Springer Economic Policy Briefs, Springer Macmillan, 2018.
References
External links
Indian Institute of Management Calcutta faculty
University of Pennsylvania School of Arts and Sciences alumni
University of Rajasthan alumni
Rajya Sabha members from Gujarat
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Gujarat
20th-century Indian economists
1939 births
Living people
Institute of Rural Management Anand faculty
John Shortt (26 February 1822 – 24 April 1889) was a British physician who served in the Madras Presidency in southern India. They conducted research on snake venoms, wrote on a variety of other subjects including anthropology, agriculture, and animal husbandry. A species of shieldtail snake endemic to the Shevaroy Hills is named after him, Uropeltis shorttii.
Biography
Shortt was the son of Rose (1789-1841) and John Shortt (died November 9th, 1837). Shortt (senior) had joined the Madras Army as an ensign in 1760, became a Major in 1778 and retired 'invalided' as conductor of ordinance at Vellore. Shortt (junior) was christened on 20 May 1822 at Arcot. They may have been among the first students trained in Madras as apothecaries before they joined the East India Company Service in Madras as an Assistant Apothecary on 20 January 1846. They were then sent for training in medicine to Aberdeen, and received a MD from King's College in 1854 apart from qualifying MRCS and LSA. They also studied veterinary medicine, becoming a member of the college of veterinary surgeons, Edinburgh in the same year. They were then appointed assistant surgeon at Madras in September 1854. They became a superintendent of vaccination for a while before being promoted Surgeon in 1866, Surgeon Major in 1873, and retired on 12th February 1878. They moved to Yercaud where they remained until their death.
Shortt's married Isabella née Cursett (died 25 May 1854 aged 22) in Madras in 1848. A daughter Isabella married John Archibald Duncan McDougall in Madras in 1872. Their second wife Ellen Julia Annie née Blyth (1843 - 8 July 1865) was buried at St Mary's Cemetery, Madras. They married Annie Julia Henrietta née Rogers (1851-1909) on 9 September 1875 at Bangalore.
Scholarly contributions
While working as a superintendent of vaccines, Shortt designed a modified vaccination needle. They also translated William Campbell Maclean's treatise on smallpox into Tamil in 1857 and into Telugu in 1858. Shortt took a keen interest in snakes and snakebites from at least 1863 onwards. They conducted snake envenomation experiments on dogs and other animals. They examined folk remedies such as snake stones and concluded that “There is no truth in the virtues attributed to the snake stone, for it has neither the power to absorb nor otherwise neutralize the snake poison from the wound.” They collected specimens of snakes, and collaborated with others who took an interest in snakebite such as Joseph Fayrer to whom they sent specimens of Trimeresurus annamalaiensis. They also sent specimens to Richard Henry Beddome who described Uropeltis shorttii, a shieldtail snake endemic to the Shevaroys.
Shortt took an interest in the people of the regions that they worked in, writing about aboriginal tribes, festivals, Armenian settlers, devdasis, and in later life took an interest in physical anthropology. They sent 20 skulls belonging to members of the Maravar tribe to the Anthropological Society of Paris. While posted to Ganjam as a physician to the Great Trigonometrical Survey around 1855-56, they studied the local tribes. They also wrote extensively on medical topics mainly in the Madras Quarterly (later Monthly) Journal of Medical Science. They also treated animals in their practice, and maintained indigenous breeds of livestock and studied them. This resulted in their Manual of Indian Cattle and Sheep first published in 1876 and went into two further editions.
Natural history was a major interest, they described a branching palm, the nest of the arboreal Crematogaster sp. ants, a note on the Vedanthangal heronry, plants used as food during famines, and proposed the poisoning tigers in Sathyamangalam with strychnine.
Writings
An incomplete list of their publications include:
(1860). An Essay on the Culture and Manufacture of Indigo. Madras:Smith. Scanned copy, Wellcome archives
(1863). [Letter to Secretary of the Zoological Society on the viper Daboia elegans]. Annals & Magazine of Natural History 11 (ser 3): 383–5.
(1864). On the Domber [a caste of acrobats]. Journal of the Anthropological Society of London 2: clxxxix–cxci.
(1864). A Hand-Book to Coffee Planting in Southern India. Madras:Pharoah & Co.
(1864). Report on the Rot in Sheep. (Proc. Madras Government, Revenue Department, July 13, 1864.)
(1864). Notes on differences in weight and stature of Europeans and some natives of India. Transactions of the Ethnological Society of London 2: 213–6.
(1865). An account of some of the rude tribes, the supposed aborigines of Southern India. Transactions of the Ethnological Society of London 3: 373–94.
(1865). A Popular Lecture on Vaccination. Madras.
(1865). On the Febrifuge properties of the Thevetia nerifolia. The Madras Quarterly Journal of Medical Science. 294-305.
(1866). Notice of a double-headed watersnake. Proceedings of the Linnean Society. 9:49-50.
(1866). Description of a living Microcephale. Journal of the Anthropological Society, No. 15:181.
(1866). An account of a religious festival, comprising leaf-wearing, and the hanging, or cheddul. Transactions of the Ethnological Society of London 4: 333–8.
(1867). An account of the Sclerotium stipitatum (Berk. et Curr.) of Southern India. Journal of the Linnean Society Botany 9: 417–9. [Probably Termitomyces]
(1867). The fishermen of Southern India. Transactions of the Ethnological Society of London 5: 193–201.
(1868). A contribution to the ethnology of Jeypore [Orissa]. Transactions of the Ethnological Society of London 6: 264–81, 364.
(1869). On the wild tribes of Southern India. Transactions of the Ethnological Society of London 7: 186–94.
(ed) (1868). An Account of the Tribes of the Neilgherries.
(1870). The Armenians of Southern India. Journal of Anthropology 1:180–7.
[?1870]. The tuckatoo and bish kopra.
(1870). Cases of snake-bite continued. Madras Monthly Journal of Medical Science 2: 7–9; 101–110; 348–50.
(1870). Note on the infection and propagation of measles. Madras Monthly Journal of Medical Science 2: 177–9.
(1870). Antidote to the cobra poison. Madras Monthly Journal of Medical Science 2: 249–52.
(1870). Habits and Manners of Marvar Tribes of India. Memoirs Anthropological Institution of London 3:201-215. [Notes the 20 skulls sent to the Anthropological Society of Paris]
(1870). The Bayadère; or, dancing girls of Southern India. Memoirs Anthropological Institution of London 3: 182–94. [describes devadasis]
(ed) (1870[–4]). The Hill Ranges of Southern India, Parts II–IV. Madras: Higginbotham.
(1871). On branched palms in Southern India. Journal of the Linnean Society Botany 11:14–7.
(1871). Temporary sterility the result of disease. Madras Monthly Journal of Medical Science 3:5–10.
(1871). Review of cases of snake-bite. Madras Monthly Journal of Medical Science 3:81–91.
(1871). The cobra. Madras Monthly Journal of Medical Science 3:176–8.
(1871). Lusus naturae. Madras Monthly Journal of Medical Science 3:241–6.
(1871). On the protective power of vaccination. Madras Monthly Journal of Medical Science 3: 351–4.
(1871). Case of premature labour occurring at the eighth month, arrested after the setting in of the second stage; and subsequent delivery at the full period of gestation. Madras Monthly Journal of Medical Science 3: 420–1.
(1872). Experiments with snake (cobra) poison commenced at Combaconum, in the Tanjore District, on the 21 st September 1869. Madras Monthly Journal of Medical Science 4: 16–32; 165–76; 346–54; 426–32; 5: 199–204; 266–8.
(1872). A brief account of the tusseh silk-worm, accompanied with drawings of the insect. Madras Monthly Journal of Medical Science 5: 113–7.
(1872). Cases of snake-bite. Madras Monthly Journal of Medical Science 5:359–63.
(1873). The Kojahs [eunuchs] of Southern India. Journal of the Anthropological Institution of Great Britain and Ireland 2: 402–7.
(1874). A brief account of three microcephales. Journal of the Anthropological Institution of Great Britain and Ireland 3: 265.
(1874). A Manual of Vaccination for the Pupils of the Vaccination Department, Madras.
(1875). Report on the lists of snakes received from the Collectorates of the Madras Presidency.
(1876). A Guide in Tamil for the People's Park, Madras.
(1876). Description of a needle-vaccinator. The Lancet, 1876:677-678.
(1876, 1885, 1889). A Manual of Indian Cattle and Sheep, their Breeds, Management and Diseases. Madras: Higginbotham & Co.
(ed) (1884). Forestry in South India by Major-General Henry Rhodes Morgan. Madras: Higginbotham & Co.
(1888). A Monograph on the Cocoanut Palm, or Cocos Nucifera. Madras:Hill.
(1889). A Manual of Indian Agriculture. Madras: Higginbotham.
References
External links
A Treatise on The Small Pox by W.C. Maclean (1849) translated from Hindoostanee into English and Teloogoo by J. Shortt. (1858)
Madras Musings
1822 births
1889 deaths
Ethnographers
Indian Medical Service officers
Fellows of the Linnean Society of London
People from Tamil Nadu
Bob DeSimone (born April 15, 1946) is an American actor who has starred in several movies.  They are perhaps best known for their role as Billy, the cocaine-snorting mental health worker, in the 1985 horror movie Friday the 13th: A New Beginning. Their other films were Savage Streets (1984), and Angel III: The Final Chapter. DeSimone also appeared on the hit comedy show, Make Me Laugh and was a headliner at The Comedy Store and Improv during their heyday, working with Jay Leno, David Letterman, Richard Pryor and Jerry Seinfeld.
Before DeSimone turned to comedy and acting, they are, (and still is) an accomplished drummer. Almost immediately after arriving in California, they were in demand. The early 1970s found DeSimone playing with many top bands in and out of the studios. They were a fixture at the Ash Grove club in West Hollywood, noted for promoting up and coming blues and folk musicians. Teaming up with Bernie Pearl, they both backed Lightnin' Hopkins, Big Mama Thornton, The Bernie Pearl Band, Dr. John, Albert King, Luke "Long Gone" Miles, Taj Mahal and Chuck Berry.
From there they signed on with Atlantic Records with a popular Country Rock band named, "Country". With a signature sound, beautiful harmonies, strong musicianship and all original material, they were described by many as a "Rhythmic Cross Between Crosby Stills & Nash, and "The Band". Signed by Peter Asher, they opened for America, Fleetwood Mac, Linda Ronstadt, and the Bee Gees. COUNTRY featured future Grammy award winning songwriter Tom Snow, UK Fanzine FANTASTIC EXPEDITION published their full story in 2014 in conjunction with all the surviving band members.
DeSimone left acting in 1983 and began their own successful business. They still play drums and is currently working with local R&B, blues and rock bands in Southern California. As they stated in a Friday 13th interview:"Drumming will always be in my blood"
They married their girlfriend, Lisa Stern in 1994, and together they have two daughters, Amanda and Gianna. They live in Santa Rosa Valley, California
Filmography
Chatterbox (1977) - Cab Driver
The Seduction (1982) - Photographer
The Concrete Jungle (1982) - Parelli's Assistant
Savage Streets (1984) - Mr. Meeker
Friday the 13th: A New Beginning (1985) - Billy
Angel III: The Final Chapter (1988) - Porn Director
External links
Fantastic Expedition Fanzine
1946 births
American male film actors
Living people
Male actors from Boston
Adam Sedgwick and Roderick Murchison
In 1835, Adam Sedgwick began naming the Cambrian System, "recognizing the first rich assemblage of fossils in the rock record". Roderick Murchison names the Silurian system in the same year. They believe that (not accurately) that the Silurian era predates any fossils of land plants and consequently any "economically valuable coal seams". In later years, Murchison and Sedgwick would have many a heated debate over the priority of these systems.
See also
1835
References
1830s in paleontology
Paleontology
Skylar Fontaine is an American ice hockey defender, currently playing with the Northeastern Huskies of the NCAA.
Career
Fontaine began skating at the age of two. During high school, they played for the East Greenwich High School boys' team, ranking among the leading scorers on the team.
In 2017, they began attending Northeastern University, playing for the university's women's ice hockey programme. They scored 14 points in 38 games in their rookie NCAA season, winning a WHEA championship with the Huskies. They then improved to 36 points in 38 points in their second collegiate year, being named to the Hockey East First All-Star Team for the first time. In the 2019–20 season, they notched 42 points in 38 games, leading all Hockey East defenders in scoring and second in the entire NCAA. That year, they were named Hockey East Defender of the Year, the first Northeastern player to ever win that award.
Style of play
Fontaine has been described as an offensive defender, with strong skating and hockey instincts.
Personal life
Fontaine studies human services and criminal justice at Northeastern University. Them sister, Alex Tancrell-Fontaine, played NCAA hockey with Union College from 2011 to 2015, and their brother, Gunnarwolfe Fontaine, was drafted 202nd overall by the Nashville Predators in the 2020 NHL Entry Draft.
Awards and honors
2018-19 CCM/AHCA Second Team All-American
2019-20 CCM/AHCA Second Team All-American
2020-21 CCM/AHCA First Team All-American
Skylar Fontaine, Northeastern, 2021 Hockey East Best Defenseman Award
References
External links
Living people
1998 births
American women's ice hockey defensemen
Northeastern Huskies women's ice hockey players
Belmond–Klemme Community School District (BKCSD) is a rural public school district headquartered in Belmond, Iowa. It operates Belmond–Klemme Junior Senior High School, which has the district headquarters, and Richard O. Jacobson Elementary School.
It is mostly in Hancock and Wright counties, with a small portion in Franklin County. The district serves Belmond, Klemme, Goodell, and Rowan.
History
The district formed on July 1, 1994, with the merger of the Belmond and Klemme districts. The Klemme school building was closed and purchased by a third party in 2000.
The district previously had two elementary school buildings: Ramsay Elementary School and Parker Elementary School. The district drew up plans for a new unified elementary school building along with other improvements. In October 2004 the district began attempting to have a bond for school reconstruction passed, but the bond efforts failed the first four times. The fifth attempt, for $6.27 million, was presented in September 2006. The bond required at least 60% of the voters to approve. The vote succeeded on a 1286-801 basis, with 61.62% approving.
In September 2006 the district passed a bond referendum to build a new preschool - 6th grade elementary building (Richard O. Jacobson Elementary) just north of the existing 7–12 Jr./Sr. High. The district has already completed the phase of building new baseball/softball fields; additionally the Jr./Sr. High just completed a renovation in August 2013 allowing for increased security measures and geothermal heating and cooling (similar to the Jacobson Elementary). The district is also adding handicapped accessibility to the baseball and softball fields and adding playground handicapped accessibility equipment.
In 2010, Belmond–Klemme's Don Dye (high school English) won the top teacher award from Live with Regis and Kelly.
B-K has shown growth in student counts during the 2010–2014 academic years. Currently over 800 students are served in grades K–12.
Schools
The district operates three schools, all in Belmond:
Richard O. Jacobson Elementary School
Belmond–Klemme Alternative School
Belmond–Klemme Community Jr.-Sr. High School
Belmond–Klemme Community Jr.-Sr. High School
Athletics
The Broncos participate in the Top of Iowa Conference in the following sports:
Football
Cross Country
Volleyball
Basketball
Golf
Track and Field
See also
List of school districts in Iowa
List of high schools in Iowa
References
Further reading
2006 Bond Referendum Ballot
External links
Belmond–Klemme Community School District
School districts in Iowa
Public high schools in Iowa
Education in Hancock County, Iowa
Education in Wright County, Iowa
Education in Franklin County, Iowa
1994 establishments in Iowa
School districts established in 1994
Takalo is a Niuean war dance. Performed by an individual warrior or group of warriors, the dance is a formal challenge. The dance was traditionally performed prior to engaging the enemy with traditional war clubs.
In modern times, the takalo is often performed prior to a rugby game or winning a game of some sport code. The takalo is also performed to welcome dignitaries after they land in Niue, persons of high status like prime ministers, presidents and governors general – it signifies that the dignitaries' arrival is for the purpose of peace and harmony.
See also
Haka
References
Niuean culture
War dances
Dances of Polynesia
Alice Cooper: The Nightmare was a conceptual television special showcasing the music of the Welcome to My Nightmare album by Alice Cooper. It originally broadcast in North America on April 25, 1975, by ABC.
In the TV special, Alice Cooper stars as "Steven" who is trapped in a nightmare they can't wake up from and tries to escape. Vincent Price also appears throughout the special, starring as the "Spirit of the Nightmare". The special features the Welcome To My Nightmare album in its entirety, with the addition of the song "Ballad of Dwight Fry" from the album Love It to Death by the original Alice Cooper band.
In 1983 the TV special was released on VHS and Betamax home video in the US.
The TV special was released on DVD/Blu-ray titled Welcome to My Nightmare: Special Edition on September 8, 2017, which also serves as a re-release of the 1976 concert film Welcome to My Nightmare.
Trivia
This special won an Emmy in 1976 for Outstanding Achievement in Video Tape Editing for a Special.
Its home video release gained a Grammy Awards nomination for Best Video Album in 1984 (it lost to Duran Duran).
When it was originally broadcast on television in 1975, the lyrics to "Only Women Bleed" were slightly changed. A portion of this version is featured on the Alice Cooper: Prime Cuts video, which was initially released in 1991.
Track listing
"Welcome to My Nightmare"
"Devil's Food"
"Some Folks"
"Only Women Bleed"
"Cold Ethyl"
"The Black Widow"
"Years Ago"
"Department of Youth"
"Years Ago (Reprise)
"Steven"
"The Awakening"
"Ballad of Dwight Fry"
"Escape"
"The Awakening (Reprise)"
"Credits"
References
Alice Cooper
Music television specials
1975 television specials
American Broadcasting Company television specials
Antmusic: The Very Best of Adam Ant is the greatest hits compilation album from Adam Ant that covers their early work with Adam and the Ants as well as their solo work.
This greatest hits package reached number six on the UK album chart The corresponding VHS, with all the music videos to the classic Ant/Ants hits, also charted very well on the UK video charts.
Disc one
The first CD covers all of the UK Singles Chart hits from Adam Ant's career (with and without the Ants) from 1980–1990, beginning with Young Parisians & the earliest Dirk Wears White Sox singles from Do It Records (which were re-released once the Ants found fame and charted in the UK Top 40), and ending with the charting singles from their then most recent album, Manners & Physique - "Room at the Top" and "Can't Set Rules About Love".
The initial edition which hit number six on the UK Album charts was a single-disc release featuring only this disc.
Disc two
The second CD is a live recording of a private concert held on 21 February 1993 at a rehearsal studio in Burbank, Los Angeles. This show was a warm-up for a tour to attract A&R interest from potential new labels for the (then still forthcoming) release of their planned album, Persuasion after MCA Records had dropped Ant the previous year. (In the end, Ant signed with Capitol Records but Persuasion was eventually shelved when MCA refused to hand over the masters, so Wonderful was recorded and released instead.)
This second disc was added as part of a second edition of the album in early 1994.
Although Ant has released concert videos/DVDs, live bonus CD single tracks (on the 1995 single Gotta Be A Sin) and a live CD of a 2007 reading of their biography including acoustic versions of some of their songs, this CD remains one of only two full length audio-only live albums of a concert with a full band that Ant has ever issued, along with the 2016 release of a 1981 concert along with the remastered Kings of the Wild Frontier album.
Track listing
References
Adam Ant albums
1993 greatest hits albums
The Lieyu Township Culture Museum () is a museum in Lieyu Township, Kinmen County, Taiwan.
History
The museum established in 2006 in the former building of Lieyu Township Office.
Architecture
The museum spans over an area of more than 1,000 m2 in 2 floors. The ground floor consists of exhibition gallery, activity center and video room, while the upper floor consists of regular and special exhibits.
Exhibitions
The museum exhibits the local daily culture artifacts, including military items. It displays 500 pieces of historical relics, 100 pieces of old documents and 300 pieces of old photos and military documents.
References
2006 establishments in Taiwan
Museums established in 2006
Museums in Kinmen County
Carlos Palencia (born 22 August 1981) is a Mexican tennis player.
Palencia has a career high ATP singles ranking of 435 achieved on 22 May 2006. They also have a career high ATP doubles ranking of 269 achieved on 30 July 2007.
Palencia has 1 ATP Challenger Tour title at the 2007 Torneo Internacional Challenger León.
ATP Challenger and ITF Futures finals
Singles: 7 (3–4)
Doubles: 32 (15–17)
External links
1981 births
Living people
Mexican male tennis players
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in tennis
Central American and Caribbean Games bronze medalists for Mexico
The Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement ( Ḥaraka Nūr ad-Dīn az-Zankī) was a Sunni Islamist rebel group involved in the Syrian Civil War. In 2014, it was reportedly one of the most influential factions in Aleppo, especially the Western Aleppo countryside. Between 2014 and 2015, it was part of the Syrian Revolutionary Command Council and recipient of U.S.-made BGM-71 TOW anti-tank missiles. The Movement made multiple attempts to merge with the larger Islamist rebel group Ahrar al-Sham but were refused by Ahrar al-Sham's leadership. The Zenki Movement also made attempts to merge with other Islamist factions, Jaysh al-Islam and the Sham Legion. However, all merging efforts with these groups failed, leading to the Zenki Movement joining the more hardline (and al-Qaeda-linked) Hayat Tahrir al-Sham (HTS) in 2017. But after a few months the group left HTS and within a year went to war with HTS by joining the Turkish-backed Syrian Liberation Front alongside Ahrar al-Sham on 18 February 2018. After a series of clashes in early 2019 Al Zenki were largely defeated by HTS, expelled to Afrin and absorbed in the Turkish-backed Syrian National Army. However, it reportedly re-emerged as an independent entity in 2020.
History
Early years
The Nour al-Din al-Zenki Battalion was formed in late 2011 by Sheikh Tawfiq Shahabuddin in the Sheikh Salman area north-west of Aleppo. It is named after Nur ad-Din Zengi, atabeg of Aleppo, an emir of Damascus and Aleppo in the 12th century. The group's greatest concentration of fighters in the city of Aleppo are in its northwestern suburbs. Nour al-Din al-Zenki took part in the initial battles that started the Battle of Aleppo in July 2012, capturing the Salaheddine neighborhood, although it soon withdrew to its heartland in the countryside.
The group went through many affiliations after it was founded. It was initially a branch of the Dawn Movement, then went on to join the al-Tawhid Brigades during the attack on Aleppo, before withdrawing and allying with the Saudi-backed Authenticity and Development Front.
In January 2014, Nour al-Din al-Zenki was one of the founding factions in the anti-ISIL umbrella group Army of Mujahideen. In May 2014 it withdrew from the alliance and subsequently received increased financial support from Saudi Arabia, which had been reluctant to support the Army of Mujahideen due to its links with the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood.
In December 2014, Nour al-Din al-Zenki joined the Levant Front, a broad coalition of Islamist rebel groups operating in Aleppo. At this point, it was reported to have 1,000 fighters.
On 6 May 2015, it joined 13 other Aleppo-based groups in the Fatah Halab joint operations room.
On 6 October 2015, positions of the Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement in Aleppo city was attacked by al-Qaeda's al-Nusra Front. 19 October 2015, the military commander of the group was reported as killed during fighting with government forces near the Aleppo area.
Since November 2015, the Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement absorbed several Syrian Turkmen groups supported by Turkey. On 11 November, 35 Turkmen fighters in the group defected to the al-Nusra Front, and on 15 November, one of its leaders was replaced by a Turkmen commander.
During the November 2015 Vienna peace talks for Syria, Jordan was tasked with formulating a list of terrorist groups; the group was reported to have been placed on this list.
On 28 January 2016, the Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement withdrew from its positions in Aleppo, which were then taken over by the al-Nusra Front. In the same month, the group's headquarters included banners of quotes from prominent Salafist jihadist figures, including Abdullah Azzam.
2016: With Jaish al-Fatah
On 24 September 2016, al-Zenki joined the Army of Conquest. On 15 October 2016, four 'battalions' left the Levant Front (they were also former members of Al-Tawhid Brigade) and joined the group.
In October 2016 a group of fighters from the Levant Front that were former al-Tawhid Brigade members left the Levant Front and joined the Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement.
On 2 November 2016, during the Aleppo offensive, Fastaqim Union fighters captured a military commander of the Zenki Movement. In response, al-Zenki fighters attacked the Fastaqim Union's headquarters in the Salaheddine District and al-Ansari district of Aleppo. At least one rebel were killed and more than 25 wounded on both sides in the raid. The next day, the Levant Front and the Abu Amara Brigades began to patrol the streets to arrest any rebels taking part in the clashes. At least 18 rebels were killed in the infighting. The Zenki Movement and the Abu Amara Brigades eventually captured all positions of the Fastaqim Union in eastern Aleppo. Dozens of rebels from the latter group surrendered and were either captured, joined Ahrar al-Sham, or deserted.
On 15 November 2016, Liwa Ahrar Souriya and the Swords of Shahba Brigade announced that it has pledged allegiance and joined the Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement. Also during November, the Northern Army joined.
In December, Liwa Suyuf al-Sham's Aleppo branch joined the group, while its Azaz branch joined the Levant Front.
On 27 January, the Northern Army left Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement and joined the Levant Front.
2017: With HTS
The following day, the group's Idlib branch joined Tahrir al-Sham while its northern branch defected to Sham Legion. The branch then formed the Revolutionary Knights Brigade at the end of February. It later became involved in fighting against other TFS factions in northern Aleppo.
Separation from HTS
On 20 July 2017, the Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement led by Sheikh Tawfiq Shahabuddin announced its withdrawal from Tahrir al-Sham amid widespread conflict between HTS and Ahrar al-Sham, and became an independent group. In a statement released by the Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement, the group stated the separation was over the following reasons,
Lack of applying the ruling of Shari'a for which we expended our lifeblood and what is precious to implement its ruling. That became manifest as follows:
Neglecting the fatwa committee in the commission [Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham] and the issuing of a statement from the Shari'i council without the knowledge of most of its members.
The lack of acceptance of the initiative that the virtuous 'ulama launched last Thursday night.
Neglecting the Shura council of the commission [Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham] and taking the decision to fight Ahrar al-Sham despite the fact that the commission's formation was built on the basis of not committing aggression against the factions.
In November 2017, violent clashes erupted between the Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement and Tahrir al-Sham in northern Idlib and western Aleppo, mainly in the area between Atme and Khan al-Asal.
2019:Defeat by HTS, withdrawal to Afrin
In January 2019, the group came under attack by HTS, with HTS capturing most of the towns held by the group. The offensive attacked the Al-Zenki areas from multiple locations, with allegations from Zenki that HTS has set up a situation where they would be seen as responding to aggression against themselves, after four of their members were attacked. The HTS offensive against Al Zenki was largely successful, with HTS gaining most of the Al Zenki held villages and towns. Al Zenki was beaten in Idlib, with some members joining either the NLF (an allied Turkish supported force) or fleeing into the Turkish held Afrin canton. Al Zenki tried to take some of its tanks and armored forces into Afrin, but these were destroyed.
After withdrawing to Afrin on 5 February 2019 the group began clashing with Ahrar al-Sharqiya which is composed of exiles from eastern Syria, many of whom were in either al-Nusra or Ahrar al-Sham, many also belong to the Shaitat tribe, the clashes began over unknown reasons and heavy weapons were reportedly used.
On 25 March 2019, the group announced its own dissolution and that remaining elements would be integrated into the Syrian National Army's Third Legion and would be merged with the Glory Corps. Remnants of the Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement subsequently took part in the 2019 Turkish offensive into north-eastern Syria.
2020: Resurgence
In late January 2020, former Zenki fighters part of the Glory Corps had entered the western Aleppo countryside which was formerly the Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement's stronghold until being ousted by HTS, to defend the area from pro-government advances.
Foreign support
In May 2014 al-Zenki received increased financial support from Saudi Arabia after it withdrew from the Army of Mujahideen. The group also received financial aid from the United States, in a CIA run program to support US-approved rebel groups, reportedly via the Turkey-based Military Operation Centre (MOC). However, by October 2015, the group claimed that it was no longer supplied by the MOC – "because of regular reports that it had committed abuses."
On 9 May 2016, a plan was reportedly proposed by the US, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and Qatar to have the Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement form a "Northern Army" to gather more than 3,000 fighters for the operation. The next phase will be to transfer the fighters from Idlib to northern Aleppo through the Bab al-Hawa Border Crossing and the Azaz border crossing. This reportedly began on 13 May. However, the plan was delayed due to doubts from U.S. officials about the capabilities of the Syrian rebel forces that Turkey had recruited to fight with its military, the opposition from the US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces, and the rift between Turkey and Russia that had only been mended in early August 2016.
War crimes
According to the Amnesty International, the Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement, along with the 16th Division, the Levant Front, Ahrar al-Sham, and the al-Nusra Front, were involved in abduction and torture of journalists and humanitarian workers in rebel-held Aleppo during 2014 and 2015.
2016 beheading incident
On 19 July 2016, during the Aleppo offensive, a video emerged that appeared to show al-Zenki fighters recording themselves taunting and later beheading a Palestinian boy named Abdullah Tayseer Al Issa. In the video, they claim they had been captured while fighting with the pro-government militia Liwa al-Quds. Liwa al-Quds denied this, and claimed instead that Al Issa was a 12-year-old Palestinian refugee from a poor family who had been kidnapped.
The following day, a social media account purportedly owned by Al Issa's sister, Zoze Al Issa, claimed that Issa was a Syrian from the Wadi al-Dahab district of Homs, who had volunteered to fight with pro-government forces. The New Arab published a photograph purporting to be the boy's identity card and putting their age at 19 years old. The report also quoted a cousin who claimed that Al Issa's had thalassemia, which causes stunted growth.
In a statement, al-Zenki condemned the killing and claimed it was an "individual mistake that does not represent the general policy of the group", and that it had detained those involved.
According to Thomas Joscelyn, writing in The Weekly Standard, U.S. President Donald Trump was shown the beheading video in 2017, and it influenced Trump's decision to end the CIA's support for anti-Assad Syrian rebels: "Trump wanted to know why the United States had backed Zenki if its members are extremists. The issue was discussed at length with senior intelligence officials, and no good answers were forthcoming."
See also
List of armed groups in the Syrian Civil War
References
Further reading
2011 establishments in Syria
Anti-government factions of the Syrian civil war
Anti-ISIL factions in Syria
Jihadist groups in Syria
Salafi groups
Tahrir al-Sham
2019 disestablishments in Syria
Military units and formations established in 2011
Military units and formations disestablished in 2019
Turkish supported militant groups of the Syrian civil war
Rob Burgess (born 1957) is a Canadian executive in the technology industry. They were the chief executive officer of Macromedia Inc. from 1996 to 2005 and chairperson from 1997 to 2005. Prior to that, they were CEO of Alias Research from 1991 to 1995.
Career
From 1984 to 1991, Burgess worked in key executive posts at Silicon Graphics (SGI), a startup in the then emerging field of 3D computer graphics. They started as a sales engineer, opened up Silicon Graphics Canada Inc., and ran that division until 1990 when they became vice president of applications and moved to Silicon Valley. In 1991, Burgess returned to Toronto to become CEO of Alias Research Inc., a young publicly traded 3D software company. Under their guidance the Alias team orchestrated a financial turnaround and became the leader in high-end 3D software, and went on to develop Maya which emerged as the standard in computer animation software. On March 1, 2003, Alias was given an Academy Award for Technical Achievement by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for their development of Maya software.
In 1995, Alias was purchased by Silicon Graphics for $460M, and Wavefront Technologies for $180M. Burgess integrated Alias and Wavefront with Silicon Graphics and became President of the newly named Alias/Wavefront.
Burgess became the CEO of Macromedia in 1996 and held this position until 2005. They also served as board chairperson from 1997 to 2005, a position they held when the company was acquired by Adobe Systems in a transaction which closed on December 5, 2005 for $4 billion, which was the fifth largest software acquisition at the time. Burgess joined the Adobe board at that time and served until 2019.
Under Burgess' tenure, they led Macromedia's transformation from a CD-ROM based multimedia company to become the market leader in computer animation and multimedia authoring for the internet. While they were chairperson and CEO, the vector animation product Flash became the worldwide standard for multimedia authoring and playback and was available on 98% of web browsers worldwide.
Current Status
Rob Burgess currently sits on the board of directors of NVIDIA (NVDA), which they joined in 2011.
Early life and education
Burgess grew up in Toronto, Canada and graduated from McMaster University with a Bachelor of Commerce degree in 1979. They were awarded the Wayne Fox distinguished alumni award from the DeGroote school of business in 2001, and in 2017 they received an honorary doctorate of laws.
References
Living people
McMaster University alumni
American technology chief executives
Silicon Graphics people
Businesspeople in computing
1957 births
Jason Lyon Boesel (born 1977) is an American musician, songwriter and producer based in Los Angeles.
Bands
They also drummed in the Bright Eyes touring band during their 2005 tour, and went on to write the liner notes for the consequent Bright Eyes live album, Motion Sickness and contributing to Bright Eyes' 2007 record, Cassadaga. From December 2007, they have played with Bright Eyes' Conor Oberst in Conor Oberst and the Mystic Valley Band, with whom Bosel wrote and sings lead for 2 tracks on their 2009 album Outer South.
On January 12, 2010, Boesel released their debut solo album 'Hustler's Son' via Team Love.
See
Evergreen
Ben Lee
Dawes
Bright Eyes
The Elected
Jenny Lewis with the Watson Twins
Johnathan Rice
The Lassie Foundation
Rilo Kiley
Conor Oberst and the Mystic Valley Band
JJAMZ
Our Lady Peace (appears on "Won't Turn Back" single)
Phases
Album Appearances
Bright Eyes - Lua (Single) (2004 · Saddle Creek)
Bright Eyes - Take It Easy (Love Nothing) (2004 · Saddle Creek)
Bright Eyes - I'm Wide Awake, It's Morning (2005 · Saddle Creek)
Bright Eyes - Digital Ash in a Digital urn (2005 · Saddle Creek)
Bright Eyes - Motion Sickness (2006 · Team Love)
Bright Eyes - Four Winds (2007 · Saddle Creek)
Bright Eyes - Cassadaga (2007 · Saddle Creek)
Conor Oberst and the Mystic Valley Band - Conor Oberst (2008 · Merge Records)
Jakob Dylan - Seeing Things (2008 · Capitol)
Conor Oberst and the Mystic Valley Band - Outer South (2009 · Merge Records)
The Young Veins - Take A Vacation! (2010 · One Haven Music)
Jenny & Johnny - I'm Having Fun Now (2010 - Warner Bros.)
The Elected - Bury Me in My Rings (2011 - Vagrant Records)
Conor Oberst - Upside Down Mountain (2014 - Nonesuch)
Springtime Carnivore - Midnight Room (2016 - Autumn Tone Records)
Ryan Adams - Prisoner (2017 - PaxAm)
References
External links
Rilo Kiley official website
Saddle Creek Records
Jason Boesel collection at the Internet Archive's live music archive
1970s births
Date of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Rilo Kiley members
American rock drummers
Living people
Saddle Creek Records artists
American indie rock musicians
Conor Oberst and the Mystic Valley Band members
The Elected members
21st-century American drummers
Phases (band) members
Sir Joseph Hood Memorial Wood is a 1.7 hectare Local Nature Reserve and a Site of Borough Importance for Nature Conservation, Grade I, in Motspur Park in the London Borough of Merton. It adjoins Sir Joseph Hood Memorial Playing Fields, and both are owned and managed by Merton Council.
History
The area was part of an estate which belonged to Merton Priory at the time of the Reformation. In around 1600 it was bought by the Garth family, who were Lords of the Manor of Merton. In the middle of the nineteenth century Richard Garth planted the area which is now the nature reserve with oak trees, probably as a hunting covert. In 1931 Merton and Morden Urban District Council purchased part of the estate, which became the playing fields and wood. It is named after Sir Joseph Hood, a former MP and Mayor of Wimbledon.
Ecology
The wood is bordered by the Beverley Brook, which forms the boundary with the London Borough of Kingston. The site has a wide range of birds, such as nuthatches and treecreepers, and trees, including mature oaks which date to the nineteenth century planting. The diverse shrub layer has species such as Midland hawthorn and ransoms which probably date to an ancient hedgerow predating the wood.
Access
Access is from the playing fields off Marina Avenue.
References
Local nature reserves in Greater London
Nature reserves in the London Borough of Merton
Comilla-11 is a constituency represented in the Jatiya Sangsad (National Parliament) of Bangladesh since 2008 by Mazibul Hoque of the Awami League.
Boundaries
The constituency encompasses Chauddagram Upazila.
History
The constituency was created for the first general elections in newly independent Bangladesh, held in 1973.
Ahead of the 2008 general election, the Election Commission redrew constituency boundaries to reflect population changes revealed by the 2001 Bangladesh census. The 2008 redistricting altered the boundaries of the constituency.
Members of Parliament
Elections
Elections in the 2010s
Mazibul Hoque was re-elected unopposed in the 2014 general election after opposition parties withdrew their candidacies in a boycott of the election.
Elections in the 2000s
Elections in the 1990s
References
External links
Parliamentary constituencies in Bangladesh
Cumilla District
This is a list of awards and nominations received by the American science fiction television series, The X-Files.
American Cinema Editors
American Society of Cinematographers
The ASC Awards are presented annually by the American Society of Cinematographers, honoring the best cinematographers of film and television. The X-Files received two awards out of ten nominations.
Directors Guild of America
Emmy Awards
Primetime Emmy Awards
3 wins out of 21 nominations
, , , , , , , , and
, , , , , and
Creative Emmy Awards
13 wins out of 40 nominations
Golden Globe Awards
5 wins out of 12 nominations
Satellite Awards
2 wins out of 9 nominations
Saturn Awards
Screen Actors Guild
2 wins out of 14 nominations
Television Critics Association Awards
9 nominations
Writers Guild of America
2 nominations
Young Artist Awards
1 win out of 2 nominations
References
External links
Awards on TheXFiles.com
X-Files, The
Awards and nominations
Andile Aldrin "Ace" Ncobo (born 1967 in Nqadu Village, Willowvale, Eastern Cape) is a former South African football (soccer) referee.
They were a school principal (Dumalisile Comprehensive High School, Butterworth High School) and university lecturer. They resigned from education in 2007 when they took up a position as general manager for the Premier Soccer League.
Ncobo was formerly a FIFA referee, and is known to have officiated in FIFA matches during the period from 2000 to 2007. They served as a referee in the 2010 World Cup qualifiers.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
People from Mbhashe Local Municipality
Xhosa people
South African soccer referees
Sakshi Malik is an Indian actor, fitness influencer and model, known for their role in the film Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety and its associated song, "Bom Diggy Diggy".
Early life
Sakshi was born in Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh. They completed their Bachelor of Technology at the Jaypee Institute of Information Technology, Noida. During college, they started to appear in fashion shows.
Career
After graduation, Malik moved to Mumbai and started modelling for television commercials of brands, including Nykaa and PC Jeweller. In 2018, they made their debut in Bollywood by acting in the film Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety. Them song from the film, "Bom Diggy Diggy", became popular on the Internet in India. They were also in the music video for Armaan Malik's single "Veham".
Them photo was used as a commercial sex worker in the 2020 Telugu movie V, for which they approached the Bombay High Court. In March 2021, the High Court ordered Amazon Prime to take down the movie because use of their photo "without consent is prima facie impermissible, unlawful and entirely illegal"; the movie was promptly removed from the platform. The producers and the actor settled their disputes after a month.
Filmography
FIlms
Music Videos
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
21st-century Indian actores
Jaypee Institute of Information Technology alumni
People from Kanpur
Aetholaimidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Dorylaimida.
Genera:
Aetholaimus Williams, 1962
References
Nematodes
Warrington's Own Buses, formerly Warrington Borough Transport, is a municipal bus company operating in the borough of Warrington, England.
There are several examples of former vehicles that used to operate for the company that are now preserved or undergoing restoration. Some of these are located at transport museums, whilst others can be seen at rallies and historic running days around the country. Many of the earlier examples feature the traditional Warrington licence plate area letter code "ED".
See also
North West Museum of Road Transport
References
External links
Warrington's Own Buses official website
Transport in Warrington
What Men Want is a 1930 American pre-Code drama film directed by Ernst Laemmle and starring Pauline Starke, Ben Lyon, Hallam Cooley, Barbara Kent, Robert Ellis and Carmelita Geraghty. (All three credited actores were WAMPAS Baby Stars.) Written by John B. Clymer and Dorothy Yost, the film was released on July 13, 1930, by Universal Pictures.
Plot
Lee Joyce tells their lover, Howard LeMoyne, that they are actually in love with another man, Kendall James. As soon as their breakup happens, Lee's younger sister Betty turns up and Kendall becomes infatuated with them instead. In anger, Lee shatters their sister's romance by revealing their previous affair with Kendall, after which Lee tries to return to Howard.
Cast
Pauline Starke as Lee Joyce
Ben Lyon as Kendall James
Hallam Cooley as Bunch
Barbara Kent as Betty 'Babs' Joyce
Robert Ellis as Howard LeMoyne
Carmelita Geraghty as Mabel
References
External links
1930 films
American drama films
1930 drama films
Universal Pictures films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Ernst Laemmle
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Karekin Simonian (13 July 1932 – 17 April 2019) was an Iraqi-born Australian internationally recognised referee in Olympic weightlifting and bodybuilding. They were an I.F.B.B. reporter for 50 years.
Life and career
Simonian was born in Kirkuk, Iraq on 13 July 1932 to an Armenian family.
They were a Recognized International Olympic and Paralympics Committee Referee, and a Sponsor to NSW Weightlifting Team (Australia), as well as a Committee Member of the Australian and NSW Weightlifting Federation/Association (AWF, NSWWA). They coached a team of young athletes in Sydney, and refereed in many Australian national and international games from 2000 until 2012, after which they moved to the United States, but kept their ties with the Australian AWF and NSWWA community. They also supported and worked as a committee member of the PCYC (Police Citizens Youth Club) in Burwood, Sydney-Australia, which aimed to develop skills, character and leadership in young people, and introduced them to sports and other activities
For more than 50 years, Simonian dedicated their time and expertise to the betterment of sports in Iraq (where they were considered the godfather of bodybuilding and weightlifting), the Middle East, Australia, Armenia, the United States of America and Canada, and volunteered at the Sydney Olympics 2000 on the weight lifting team.
In 2000, The Australian Olympic Committee (AOC) invited Simonian, to participate and support the 2000 Olympic Games, for the sport of weightlifting. There they refereed, and assisted the athletes, coaches and managers from around the world during the Olympic and Paralympics Games. They were also on the Paralympics Committee.
Beside their career in sports, they held a mechanical engineering degree from the London College of Mechanical Engineering by correspondence, and completed a technical mechanical course from Mercedes-Benz Schulung (Germany) and Renault (France). They practiced mechanical engineering until their retirement.
Simonian was also one of the founding members of "Homenetmen Հ.Մ.Ը.Մ", an Armenian general athletic union, in Baghdad, Iraq, in 1961.
Personal life and death
They held a dual Australian and American citizenship, as well as having a residence in Armenia. They were married to Zvart Vartanian, an educator and Armenian socialite, who was involved in many humanitarian, social and educational organizations such as the Armenian Relief Society. Together they had three children, as well as two grandchildren. They died on 17 April 2019, at the age of 86.
Awards
Simonian was granted the International Federation of Bodybuilding and Fitness (I.F.B.B.) Gold Medal in 1992 for their outstanding support of bodybuilding and fitness in Iraq, and the International Weightlifting Federation (I.W.F.) Gold Medal in 1981 for 25 years of service. They were also awarded the I.W.F. Golden Plaque in 2007 for 50 Years of Outstanding and Meritorious Service as International Referee in Body Building & Weightlifting, as well as the I.F.B.B. Gold Medal for their contribution towards the development of bodybuilding in Armenia in 2000. That same year, they were granted the Key to the Historic City of Melaka, by the Chief Minister of Melaka, Malaysia. In 2011, Simonian was nominated for Australian Citizen of The Year by the City of Ryde.
They were one of five people in the world, and the only Armenian, who was awarded with a 50 Years Golden Plaque.
References
http://www.oceaniaweightlifting.com/pastresults/docs/2005/Results%20-%202005%20AUS%20Open%20%20&%20U20%20Championships.pdf
http://www.qwa.org/News/magazine/Jun11.pdf
http://www.ryde.nsw.gov.au/files/assets/public/media-releases/2011/070111_citizen-and-young-citizen-of-the-year.pdf?streamfile=true
1932 births
2019 deaths
Armenian emigrants to Australia
Armenian male weightlifters
Australian bodybuilders
People from Kirkuk
The women's hammer throw event at the 2007 Asian Athletics Championships was held in Amman, Jordan on July 25.
Results
References
Final results
2007 Asian Athletics Championships
Hammer throws at the Asian Athletics Championships
2007 in women's athletics
Hortiboletus is a genus of fungi in the family Boletaceae. It was circumscribed in 2015 by Giampaolo Simonini, Alfredo Vizzini, and Matteo Gelardi. The erection of Hortiboletus follows recent molecular studies that outlined a new phylogenetic framework for the Boletaceae. Hortiboletus is derived from the Latin word hortus "garden", referring to a typical habitat of the type species, Hortiboletus rubellus. The bolete H. bubalinus, originally described as a Boletus and later placed in Xerocomus, was transferred to the genus by Bálint Dima. In 2015, Alona Yu. Biketova transferred Boletus campestris and Boletus engelii to Hortiboletus.
Species
Hortiboletus amygdalinus Xue T. Zhu & Zhu L. Yang 2016
Hortiboletus bubalinus (Oolbekk. & Duin) L. Albert & Dima 2015
Hortiboletus campestris (A.H. Sm. & Thiers) Biketova & Wasser 2015
Hortiboletus coccyginus (Thiers) C.F. Schwarz, N. Siegel & J.L. Frank 2020
Hortiboletus engelii (Hlaváček) Biketova & Wasser 2015
Hortiboletus indorubellus K. Das, D. Chakr., Baghela, S.K. Singh & Dentinger 2016
Hortiboletus kohistanensis A. Naseer, S. Sarwar & A.N. Khalid 2019
Hortiboletus rubellus (Krombh.) Simonini, Vizzini & Gelardi 2015
Hortiboletus subpaludosus (W.F. Chiu) Xue T. Zhu & Zhu L. Yang 2016
List of species from the Index Fungorum.
References
Boletaceae
Boletales genera
Yukarıkocayatak is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Move Your Body may refer to:
"Move Your Body" (Marshall Jefferson song), 1986
"Move Your Body", by Phil Drummond, 1991
"Move Your Body", by Ruffneck (band), 1996
"Move Your Body" (Eiffel 65 song), 1999
"Move Your Body", a video by Hi-5, 1999
"Move Your Body" (Beyoncé song), 2011
"Move Your Body" (Sia song), 2016
"Move Your Body", by Sean Paul, 2017
The 2018–19 SSV Jahn Regensburg season was the 112th season in the club's football history. In 2018–19, the club played in the 2. Bundesliga, the second tier of German football. It was the club's second season back in this league after having won promotion from the 3. Liga in 2016–17.
The club also took part in the 2018–19 edition of the DFB-Pokal, the German Cup but was eliminated in the first round.
Events
Regensburg had a good start in the season with a 2–1 home victory against FC Ingolstadt but had a dry spell after that. They lost the first round DFB-Pokal match against fifth-tier side BSG Chemie Leipzig 1–2 and could secure only one point out of their next four league matches. With only four points under their belt, the Jahn had to play the away match against Hamburger SV. The HSV were relegated from the Bundesliga at the end of the season before and were a big favourite for one of the promotion spots back to the Bundesliga which they confirmed by being in the first place before matchday 6. Regensburg achieved a surprising but deserved 5–0 victory over Hamburg. After this feat, they were able to secure a place in the middle of the table for the rest of the season and did not have to worry about relegation. On matchday 30, 21 April 2019, Regensburg finally could secure their place in the league for the next season.
Transfers
In
Out
Preseason and friendlies
2. Bundesliga
2. Bundesliga fixtures & results
League table
DFB-Pokal
Player information
.
|}
Notes
A. Kickoff time in Central European Time/Central European Summer Time.
B. SSV Jahn Regensburg goals first.
References
SSV Jahn Regensburg seasons
Regensburg
Hacısekiler, Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
The 2012 Boston Pizza Cup was held from February 8 to 12 at the Encana Arena in the Edgeworth Centre in Camrose, Alberta. The winning team of Kevin Koe represented Alberta at the 2012 Tim Hortons Brier in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
Teams
Draw Brackets
A Event
B Event
C Event
Results
All times listed in Mountain Standard Time.
Draw 1
Wednesday, February 8, 9:30am
Draw 2
Wednesday, February 8, 6:30pm
Draw 3
Thursday, February 9, 9:00am
Draw 4
Thursday, February 9, 2:00pm
Draw 5
Thursday, February 9, 6:30pm
A Qualifier Match
Draw 6
Friday, February 10, 9:00am
Draw 7
Friday, February 10, 2:00pm
Draw 8
Friday, February 10, 6:30pm
B Qualifier Match
Draw 9
Saturday, February 11, 1:00pm
C Qualifier Matches
Playoffs
A vs. B
Saturday, February 11, 6:30pm
C1 vs. C2
Saturday, February 11, 6:30pm
Semifinal
Sunday,<ref name="Sunday">Calgary Herald, 13 Feb 2012, pg D7</ref> February 12, 9:30amFinalSunday, February 12, 3:00pm''
References
Boston Pizza Cup
Boston Pizza Cup
Boston Pizza Cup
Sport in Camrose, Alberta
Curling in Alberta
Szerokie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
References
Szerokie
At the end of pregnancy, the fetus must take the journey of childbirth to leave the reproductive mother. Upon its entry to the air-breathing world, the newborn must begin to adjust to life outside the uterus. This is true for all viviparous animals; this article discusses humans as the most-researched example.
The outside environment is a drastic change for the neonate, therefore the neonate must be assessed frequently and thoroughly. The apgar scale is an assessment performed immediately following birth. It consists of the assessment of heart rate, respiratory effort, muscle tone, reflex irritability, and generalized skin color. Apgar scoring is performed one minute and five minutes after birth. Scoring ranges from 0 to 10, with 0 indicating severe neonatal distress and 10 indicating a smooth transition to extrauterine life.
Newborns transitioning into extrauterine life will undergo periods of reactivity. These periods are divided into three stages. The first stage occurs in the first 30 minutes of life; during this stage the infant is alert and responsive with heart rate peaking at 160-180 beats per minute and then stabilizes to a baseline rate of 100-120 beats per minute. Crackles upon auscultation and irregular respirations are a normal finding. In the second stage, there is a decrease in responsiveness and motor activity which is often manifested as sleep. This period can last from 1–2 hours. The third stage marks the second period of reactivity. This period can occur anywhere in the first 2 to 8 hours after birth and lasts anywhere from 10 minutes to several hours. Tachycardia and tachypnea may be present during brief periods. Passing of meconium also occurs.
Cardiac
Physiology: In utero, the placenta delivers oxygenated blood to the fetus through the umbilical vein. Upon delivery, the umbilical cord is cut. The cardiovascular system must now adapt. Blood CO2 rises because it is now not removed by the placenta. This is a powerful stimulus for the infant to start breathing. Breathing sharply increases O2 in the lungs, thus quickly reverting hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction that had held the pulmonary vascular resistance high during the uterine life. Lung ventilation also extends the so far convoluted, shrunk pulmonary vessels, also contributing to the quick and marked drop in the pulmonary vascular resistance. As a result, much higher proportion of the right ventricle output flows into the pulmonary vessels than into the systemic circulation through the ductus arteriosus.
The detachment of the placenta causes an increase in systemic vascular resistance, which leads to an increase in pressure gradient from the left atrium. The left atrium now has higher pressure than the right atrium causing the foramen ovale to close. Within the first 10 minutes of birth, blood begins to flow left-to-right through the ductus arteriosus. This causes a significant increase in output of the left ventricle and increase in stroke volume. Subsequently, calcium channel activity increases and potassium channel decreases furthering ductal constriction. Functional closure of the ductus arteriosus occurs within the first 24 hours, with permanent closure following within 4 weeks. Lastly cardiac output increases to nearly double what it was in utero.
All of these cardiovascular system changes result in the adaptation from fetal circulation patterns to an adult circulation pattern. During this transition, some types of congenital heart disease that were not symptomatic in utero during fetal circulation will present with cyanosis or respiratory signs.
Manifestations: When the newborn cries, there is a reversal of blood flow through the foramen ovale which causes the newborn to appear mildly cyanotic in the first few days of life.
The heart rate of the newborn should be between 110 and 160 beats per minute and it is common for the heart rate to be irregular in the first few hours following birth. The heart sounds will have a variation in pitch, duration, and intensity than that of an adult. Blood pressure readings should range from 60 to 80 mm Hg systolic and 40–50 mm Hg diastolic. Mean arterial pressure should be the same as the weeks of gestation at birth. Within the first hour after birth, there may be a drop of up to 15 mm Hg in the systolic blood pressure.
Delayed cord clamping is defined as waiting more than 2 minutes to clamp the newborn's umbilical cord. This has been proven to be beneficial in improving hematocrit and iron while also decreasing anemia. These benefits can last up to 6 months for the newborn.
Assessments/Interventions: Assessment and monitoring of vital signs and skin color are important in detecting cardiovascular issues in the infant.
The apical pulse rate should be auscultated for one full minute when the newborn is calm or sleeping. Any irregular heart rate after the first few hours of life that is not related to crying or another outside factor should be monitored and evaluated.
Blood pressure will be taken with an appropriately sized cuff, preferably when the newborn is at rest.
Consistent tachycardia should be evaluated for conditions such as anemia, hyperthermia, hypovolemia, and sepsis. Consistent bradycardia could be an indication of congenital heart block or hypoxemia. Pallor and central cyanosis (cyanosis in hands and feet is a common and normal finding) can also indicate cardiovascular issues.
Ventilation and Oxygenation
Physiology: Upon birth, the newborn's lungs become the center for gas exchange. There are a variety of factors that influence newborn respiratory functions; these factors include chemical, mechanical, thermal, and sensory. Respirations begin when fetal aortic and carotid chemoreceptors are stimulated by the varying concentrations of oxygen and carbon dioxide. During vaginal birth, the newborn's chest is compressed by the birth canal. Upon delivery, negative pressure allows air into the lungs. The first cries of the infant allow for alveoli expansion and absorption of fetal lung fluid. Temperature changes and other sensory stimulation contributes to respiratory function as well.
Manifestations: Breathing patterns are often irregular and shallow. The infants respiration rate should be between 30 and 60 breaths per minute with preference for nasal breathing. Rib expands horizontally. Breath sounds should be clear and equal in both lungs. Abdominal breathing is normal. Acrocyanosis is a normal finding.
Assessments/Interventions: Suctioning of nasal and oral secretions promotes fluid clearance. Auscultation of lung sounds to assess for any abnormalities. Pulse oximetry is performed to determine oxygen saturation. Monitor signs of respiratory distress such as: nasal flaring, grunting, central cyanosis.
Metabolic
Physiology: At birth, the newborn is cut off from the mother's glucose supply and will begin to rely on stored fat for energy. Glycogen stores are maximal at term. Within the first hour of life, blood glucose will typically reach its lowest point and then stabilize within 2 to 4 hours, hence breastfeeding is promoted immediately. In cases where feeding is delayed, the neonate can use lactate, free-fatty acids, and ketone bodies.
Manifestations: Normal blood glucose levels range from 40 to 50 mg/dl.
Rooting and sucking reflex should be present and the neonate will eat small amounts frequently. All vital signs should be within normal limits coinciding with the neonates presentation of calmness and satiation.
Assessments/Interventions: Monitor blood glucose level and encourage breastfeeding or formula feeding as early as possible. Lactation and breastfeeding education should be provided as appropriate.
Temperature regulation
Physiology: Newborns lack the ability of thermogenesis due to underdeveloped shivering mechanism. Body heat is lost through conduction, convection, and radiant heat. Thermoregulation is achieved through several methods: the metabolism of brown fat and Kangaroo care, also known as skin to skin. "Brown fat" is specialized adipose tissue with a high concentration of mitochondria designed to rapidly oxidize fatty acids in order to generate metabolic heat. Skin to care is the immediate placement of the neonate directly onto a caregiver's bare chest. This promotes thermoregulation of the neonate through heat generated from caregiver.
Manifestations: Normal temperature ranges between 97.7° and 100.0° Fahrenheit (36.5° to 37.78° Celsius). Cold infants may cry or appear restless. The neonates' arms and legs maintain a fetal position, lessening their body surface area and reducing heat loss.
Assessments/Interventions: Dry neonate immediately after birth and initiate skin-to-skin contact. Provide warm blankets and a hat. Utilize a radiant warmer if skin-to-skin is not appropriate. Frequently monitor axillary body temperature. Limit neonate's exposure during diaper changes and assessments.
See also
Shock of birth
References
Obstetrics
Neonatology
Midwifery
Childbirth
Tutova is a commune in Vaslui County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Bădeana, Ciortolom, Coroiu, Crivești, Tutova and Vizureni. It included four other villages until 2004, when these were split off to form Pochidia Commune.
References
Communes in Vaslui County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Maçanet-Massanes is a Rodalies de Catalunya open triangular railway station serving Maçanet de la Selva and Massanes, in Catalonia, Spain. It is located at the junction where the railway coming from Barcelona via Mataró converges with the Barcelona–Cerbère railway, lying about away from the urban centers of Maçanet de la Selva and Massanes, respectively. On the Barcelona–Cerbère railway, the station is between and , and it is the northern terminus of the railway coming from Mataró.
The station serves as the northern terminus of Barcelona commuter rail service lines and as well as a stop for all trains on regional line . On , Girona commuter rail service line also started services, providing a direct connection between the Maresme and the Girona areas without having to interchange at this station.
Under the name "Riera de Santa Coloma", the station was first opened on with the construction of the Barcelona–Portbou Railway on its section from Granollers to this location, which was carried out by Compañía del Camino de Hierro del Norte ("Northern Railway Company"). One year later, on , Camino de Hierro del Este ("Eastern Railway") opened the extension of the Barcelona–Mataró Railway from Arenys de Mar to the already existing station, leading to the connection of both railways.
In September 2011, Adif, the owner of the station, concluded the refurbishment of the station in order to make it accessible. This operation involved the installation of elevators and the renovation of the platforms, including the construction of a new station building on the easternmost side of the tracks.
References
External links
Maçanet-Massanes listing at the Rodalies de Catalunya website [link invalid]
Maçanet-Massanes listing at the Adif website
Information and photos of the station at trenscat.cat
Railway stations in Catalonia
Railway stations opened in 1860
Rodalies de Catalunya stations
Transport in Selva
1860 establishments in Spain
Scottish Power is a vertically integrated energy company based in Glasgow, Scotland. It is a subsidiary of Spanish utility firm Iberdrola.
ScottishPower is the distribution network operator for Central and Southern Scotland, Merseyside, North Wales and parts of Cheshire and Shropshire. It is also the transmission owner for the south of Scotland. The company also supplies electricity and gas to homes and businesses around the United Kingdom and generates power for supply to the grid. It owned PPM Energy in the United States which has now been folded into Avangrid.
Not to be confused with Scottish Power Company Limited (1909–48).
History
Foundation
ScottishPower was formed in 1990, in preparation for the privatisation of the previously state-owned Scottish electricity industry the following year. Previously the UK government had privatised the English and Welsh electricity industry by splitting the market into 12 regional electricity companies (RECs) and two power generators. However, in Scotland, the industry was already organised on an integrated generation, distribution, and supply basis, and this integration survived the privatisation to become a model for the rest of the United Kingdom. ScottishPower was largely formed from the larger of the two Scottish electricity boards, the South of Scotland Electricity Board, whilst the other, the North of Scotland Hydro Board, eventually became part of the Scottish & Southern Energy Group (the nuclear power stations in Scotland were spun off into a third company, Scottish Nuclear, which was not sold off with ScottishPower and Scottish Hydro Electric, but was sold later than part of British Energy).
MANWEB and Southern Water
ScottishPower was the larger of the two Scottish energy companies and benefited from being both a generator and supplier of power. In 1995 it acquired the regional electricity company MANWEB, which supplied Merseyside, North Wales and parts of Cheshire. In 1996 the company diversified into the water supply business with the purchase of Southern Water (which was sold again in 2002).
When the supply of energy into British homes was opened up to competition, ScottishPower entered this market, stealing share from the previous gas supply monopoly British Gas and also building new market share in England and Wales.
Thus
ScottishPower established the telecommunications company, Thus (originally known as Scottish Telecom) and then floated it on the London Stock Exchange in 2002.
PacifiCorp
In 2000, ScottishPower completed the acquisition of PacifiCorp, which supplies electricity in the western United States, which operates as Pacific Power (in the regulated energy industries of the states of Oregon, Washington, California), and as Rocky Mountain Power (in the regulated energy industries of the states of Idaho and Utah as well as both and central and eastern Wyoming (former Pacific Power territory), and southwestern Wyoming). In May 2005, ScottishPower announced that it had agreed to sell Pacificorp to MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company, a company controlled by Warren Buffett's company, Berkshire Hathaway, for US$5.1 billion in cash and US$4.3 billion in debt and preferred stock. The successful completion of the deal was announced on 21 March 2006, after securing regulatory approvals. The deal did not include PPM Energy (which, as Pacificorp Power Marketing, was formerly the non-regulated subsidiary of Pacificorp).
Rejected takeover bid from E.ON
Following the announcement, the group's share price rose but was now widely seen as vulnerable to a takeover. It was soon revealed that the German energy group E.ON, who also owns Powergen, was interested in a takeover. On 22 November 2005, the board rejected an offer from E.ON of 570 pence a share, which would have valued the group at £10.7 billion.
Takeover bid from Iberdrola
On 28 November 2006, the board of directors of ScottishPower agreed to an £11.6 billion takeover bid by the Spanish energy firm Iberdrola. The offer was formally approved by shareholders at an EGM on 30 March 2007, effectively creating Europe's third largest utility company.
Extra Energy SoLR Appointment
On 24 November 2018, Ofgem appointed Scottish Power as Supplier of Last Resort for the failed domestic and business supplier Extra Energy. Scottish Power acquired all of Extra Energy's 108,000 domestic customers and 21,000 business customers.
Tonik Energy SoLR Appointment
On Friday 9 October, Ofgem appointed Scottish Power as Supplier of Last Resort for the failed domestic supplier Tonik Energy. Scottish Power acquired all of Tonik Energy's 130,000 customers.
Yorkshire Energy SoLR Appointment
On Friday 5 December 2020, Ofgem appointed Scottish Power as Supplier of Last Resort for the failed domestic supplier Yorkshire Energy (also known as Daisy Energy). Scottish Power acquired all 74,000 domestic customers and a small number of non-domestic customers.
Regulatory investigations, harassment, poor customer service and complaints
In April 2007, the British government's energy regulator, the Office of Gas and Electricity Markets (Ofgem), urged customers of Scottish Power and EDF Energy to switch to a cheaper provider after the firms refused to cut prices in line with the rest of the industry.
In April 2008, Ofgem launched an investigation into allegations that Scottish Power abused their dominant market position relating to the electricity transmission network they own jointly in Scotland. Ofgem said it had launched its inquiry into Scottish Power and SSE under section 18 of the Competition Act, "based on a formal complaint alleging abuse of a dominant position in the electricity generation sector arising from constrained capacity on the transmission network." The energy regulator believes that energy generators manipulate the power market for profit when supplies are tight because network operator National Grid has to pay utilities to turn their plants on or off to balance supply and demand. This resulted in companies deliberately shutting their plants down when supplies are tight in order to receive a higher payment to start up again, increasing the system balancing costs at the expense of consumers. Ofgem was alarmed that the cost of balancing the system increased from £70 million in 2007/08 to an estimated £238 million for 2008/09 and an expected £258 million in 2009/10, with most of the costs incurred in Scotland. In January 2009, Ofgem suspended the investigation, saying it would be more effective to deal with the wider problem than pursuing the specific case further.
In November 2012, the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) publicly listed ScottishPower as one of a number of companies that it had concerns about due to unsolicited telephone calls for marketing. The concerns were based on complaints. In response, ScottishPower said that it was working with the ICO to address any issues.
In early 2015, Scottish Power was temporarily banned from signing up new customers, due to long-standing and serious concerns regarding poor customer service, overdue bills and failure to implement rulings made by the Energy Ombudsman. The company's failings continued to be highlighted in the press later in the year, with complaints levels 20 times those of their best-performing competitor
In April 2016, Scottish Power released a press release that an £18M agreement had been reached with OFGEM following their investigation into customer service standards.
In 2017, Scottish Power created controversy when they pursued a couple for a £4,300 debt despite the couple not owing Scottish Power any money and, moreover, not being customers of the firm. Scottish Power ignored letters from the couple, instead sending bailiffs to the home of the couple. It later transpired that the couple were in no debt to Scottish Power.
In 2020, The Observer gave Scottish Power an award for the year's "worst customer service" for "its singular pursuit of revenue", including sending bills, debt collectors' letters and the threat of bailiffs to people who did not use its services, then refusing to register their complaints.
In January 2021, the Consumers' Association Which? magazine ranked Scottish Power the worst-performing supplier for customer service and the second worst supplier overall in their annual review of energy suppliers.
Operations
Energy Retail
The Energy Retail division contains ScottishPower Energy Retail Ltd which holds the gas and electricity supply licences.
At the end of September 2020, this division held an 8.9% share of the domestic electricity supply market and 7.6% share of the domestic gas supply market. This represents a slight decline from the previous year and also the lowest market share held by the company since 2004.
Also included in this division is SP Dataserve Ltd which provides a range of metering services including data collection, analysis and revenue protection.
Energy Networks
The Energy Networks business contains three asset owning companies SP Transmission Ltd – holds the transmission licence for central and southern Scotland and owns the part of the Moyle Interconnector with Northern Ireland Electricity, SP Distribution Ltd – holds the distribution licence for central and southern Scotland and SP Manweb Plc – holds the distribution licence for North Wales, Merseyside, and Cheshire. A fourth asset management business SP Power Systems Ltd maintains and repairs the distribution networks on behalf of the owners and acts as the distribution network operator. The operation of the transmission grid is carried out by National Grid plc.
Energy Wholesale
Energy Wholesale contained two companies ScottishPower Generation Ltd which formerly generated 6,200MW of electricity power in the United Kingdom using coal-fired thermal power stations, combined cycle power stations, hydro-electric schemes, pumped storage generation and were acquired by Drax in 2018. In 2006, ScottishPower Renewables (SPR) was granted permission to build Europe's largest on-shore windfarm. The 322 MW / 140 turbine sites cost an estimated £300m and covers approximately of moorland south of Glasgow. By 2014, SPR had a portfolio of over 1,250 MW of operating windfarms, including the recently expanded Whitelee with a total generation capacity of 539 MW, making it Europe's largest windfarm. Also within this division is ScottishPower Energy Management Ltd which is responsible for buying and selling wholesale energy.
In 2005, the WWF named ScottishPower's Cockenzie power station as the UK's
least carbon-efficient power station. It is now closed.
In 2007, the WWF named ScottishPower's Longannet power station as the UK's least carbon-efficient power station
out of Europe's top 30 worst polluting power stations in absolute terms.
PPM Energy
PPM Energy Inc was previously the competitive arm of Pacificorp but was made a separate business in 2002. It was involved in renewable energy and gas storage, amongst other things, in the US. It is now part of Avangrid Renewables.
See also
Energy policy of Scotland
Energy use and conservation in the United Kingdom
Green electricity in the United Kingdom
References
External links
ScottishPower corporate website
ScottishPower customer website
SP Energy Networks Website
1990 establishments in Scotland
Companies based in Glasgow
Energy companies established in 1990
Companies formerly listed on the London Stock Exchange
Electric power distribution network operators in the United Kingdom
Former nationalised industries of the United Kingdom
Oil and gas companies of Scotland
Scottish brands
Electric power companies of Scotland
Utilities of Scotland
Wind power companies of Scotland
British subsidiaries of foreign companies
British companies established in 1990
Iberdrola
Erika Fazekas-Veréb (born 23 October 1963) is a Hungarian long-distance runner. They competed in the women's 10,000 metres at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1963 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Hungarian female long-distance runners
Olympic athletes of Hungary
Place of birth missing (living people)
Joanne Taylor may refer to:
Joanne Courtney (born 1989), née Taylor, Canadian curler
Joanne Shaw Taylor (born 1986), British guitarist
See also
Joan Taylor (1929–2012), American television and film actor
Buddhadharma: The Practitioner's Quarterly is a Buddhist journal presenting articles on Buddhist teachings and practice, with contributions from all Buddhist meditative traditions.
History and profile
Buddhadharma was established in 2002. The first issue appeared on 15 August 2002. The launching editor of the magazine is Tynette Deveaux. It is published by the Lion's Roar Foundation, which also publishes Lion's Roar magazine, with the stated goal of promoting "the growth and development of genuine buddhadharma as Buddhism takes root in the West." The headquarters is in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Buddhadharma had a circulation of 27,500 copies as of the Summer, 2008 issue. The magazine's Spring, 2007 issue cover was awarded for "Best Cover" by the Atlantic Journalism Awards
References
External links
Buddhadharma: The Practitioner's Quarterly Website
2002 establishments in Nova Scotia
Buddhism in Canada
Buddhist magazines
Buddhist meditation
Lifestyle magazines published in Canada
Magazines about spirituality
Magazines established in 2002
Magazines published in Nova Scotia
Mass media in Halifax, Nova Scotia
Quarterly magazines published in Canada
Lottie Cunningham Wren (born 1959) is a Miskito Nicaraguan lawyer, environmentalist, and Indigenous rights activist from Nicaragua.
Cunningham was born on September 29, 1959, in the village of Bilwaskarma, located on the Rio Coco, Nicaragua.
Cunningham founded the Center for Justice and Human Rights of the Atlantic Coast of Nicaragua. They received the 2020 Right Livelihood Award, also known as the "Alternative Nobel Prize," for their work defending the rights of Indigenous and Afro-descendant peoples to their land.
References
1959 births
Human rights lawyers
Indigenous rights activists
Living people
Miskito people
Central American University (Managua) alumni
Sun Prairie East High School (SPEHS) is a public high school in Sun Prairie, Wisconsin, United States. It is one of two high schools in the Sun Prairie Area School District, the other being Sun Prairie West High School. During the 2022-2023 school year, there were about 1,400 students at Sun Prairie East High School. SPEHS is a WIAA Division 1 school and is a member of the Big Eight athletic conference in all sports except for football, in which it is a WIAA Division 2 school and a member of the Badger Conference.
In the summer of 2010, Sun Prairie High School moved to a new building in the southeast part of town. The building includes a gym that seats 2,100 and has an indoor track. The former school became a combined 8th and 9th grade upper middle school and was named Cardinal Heights Upper Middle School. Cardinal Heights later became a 6th-8th grade middle school and was renamed to Central Heights Middle School. In 2022, the school split into 2 high schools, Sun Prairie West High School and Sun Prairie East High School, with SPWHS getting a new campus on Ironwood Drive and SPEHS keeping the Grove Street Campus.
Extracurricular activities
Athletics
State championships before split (as Sun Prairie High School)
Baseball: 1974, 1994, 1997, 2005, 2006, 2012, 2013,) 2014
Bowling: 2015, 2016
Cross Country (girls): 2016, 2017
Football: 1995
Golf (boys): 1991
Hockey: 1997
Softball: 2018
Academic Decathlon
Sun Prairie's Academic Decathlon team has placed in the top three at the Wisconsin state finals five times.
In April 2014, the Sun Prairie Academic Decathlon team represented Wisconsin in the Large School division of the National United States Academic Decathlon online national competition taking fifth place among the large schools. They repeated this in 2016.
Music
The Sun Prairie High School Jazz I have been selected to compete in the Essentially Ellington Jazz Band competition in New York City 12 times since the festival's conception, most recently in 2018. When SPHS split into two, Jazz I became a joint extracurricular between Sun Prairie East High School and Sun Prairie West High School
Notable alumni
Gary Hebl, class of 1969 (before split); Wisconsin State Assembly, 2005-present
John A. List, class of 1987 (before split); University of Chicago economist
Thomas A. Loftus (Graduated before split); Wisconsin Legislator and diplomat; Ambassador to Norway, 1993-1997
Steven Quale, class of 1984 (before split); Hollywood film director
Andy Thompson, class of 1994 (before split); major league baseball player with the Toronto Blue Jays, 2000
References
External links
Public high schools in Wisconsin
Schools in Dane County, Wisconsin
Bernhard Hendl (born 9 August 1992) is an Austrian football goalkeeper who plays for First Vienna FC. They made their professional debut for SSV Jahn Regensburg on 26 October 2013 in a 3. Liga match against FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
SSV Jahn Regensburg players
1. FSV Mainz 05 II players
Berliner FC Dynamo players
First Vienna FC players
3. Liga players
Association football goalkeepers
Pathshala () is a Nepali coming–of–age novel by Tirtha Gurung. It was published on August 26, 2017, by Book Hill Publications. It is the debut novel of the author. The book was shortlisted for the Madan Puraskar in the same year. Gurung worked as a teacher in a school and wrote this book from their various experiences with their pupils.
Synopsis
Pathshala is a coming of age story of a Nepalese teenage boy. It depicts the story of an urban teenager and presents the various the elements of their social life—friends, family, school. It sheds light on the growing pains of an adoloscent child in a city. Gagan is the central character of the book who lives in the city of Pokhara.
Reception
The book won the International Nepali Literary Society Best Novel Award for the year 2019. The prize is awarded every two year for best novel in Nepali language. The book also received the "Tamu Sahitya Award". The book was also shortlisted for the coveted Madan Puraskar for 2017.
See also
Yogmaya
Karnali Blues
Phirphire (novel)
References
21st-century Nepalese books
21st-century Nepalese novels
Nepalese books
2017 Nepalese novels
Nepalese novels
Nepali-language novels
Nepalese bildungsromans
Novels set in Nepal
Nepalese young adult novels
Novels set in Pokhara
Hu Zhuowei (; born 1 June 1983) is a Chinese former footballer.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
1983 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Association football midfielders
China League One player
Chinese Super League players
Wuhan F.C. players
Jiangsu F.C. players
Tomáš Kos (born 31 December 1967) is a Czech biathlete. They competed at the 1988, the 1992 and the 1994 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Czech male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Czechoslovakia
Olympic biathletes of the Czech Republic
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1994 Winter Olympics
People from Semily
Sportspeople from the Liberec Region
Socotora is a genus of small operculate land snails, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiidae.
Species
Socotora albicans (G. B. Sowerby I, 1839)
Socotora auricularis (Gray in Griffith & Pidgeon, 1833)
Socotora clathratula (Récluz, 1843)
Socotora helicoides Neubert, 2009
Socotora naticoides (Récluz, 1843)
References
Bourguignat, J.-R. (1882). Mission G. Révoil au pays Çomalis. Faune et Flore. Mollusques terrestres et fluviatiles, 1-108 pp., 4 pls + 2 unnumbered pls (anatomy). Paris (Jules Tremblay)
Bank, R. A. (2017). Classification of the Recent terrestrial Gastropoda of the World. Last update: July 16th, 2017.
Pomatiidae
Gastropod genera
The Spanish men's national ice hockey team () is the national men's ice hockey team of Spain. The team is administered by the Spanish Ice Sports Federation, itself a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF). As of April 2020, the Spanish men's national program is 31st on the IIHF World Rankings and has 135 registered players. The men's national team currently competes at the IIHF World Championship Division II, Group A level.
History
On 10 March 1923, Spain joined the IIHF after the Spanish Winter Sports Federation was founded in the same year. After building an artificial rink in Madrid, Spain, they entered their first international tournament in late 1923. Spain won their first international game against Belgium in the Challenge de Haute–Garonne tournament held in Bagnères-de-Luchon, France. They lost their next game in the tournament to France.
In 1924, Spain competed in the Ice Hockey European Championships held in Milan, Italy. During their first game against Switzerland, two of Spain's seven players were injured. Due to this, Switzerland agreed to play with only five players allowing the game to continue. Switzerland ended up winning 12–0. Spain was forced to forfeit their second game against Sweden due to the injuries suffered by their players. Sweden had also agreed to play with five players.
After the European Championships, Spain entered the Coupe de Davos in Davos, Switzerland. Days before the tournament, Spain had upset Switzerland 4–0. The tournament had 12 teams broken into four groups with Spain being placed in group two along with Switzerland and Germany. Spain lost to Switzerland, 6–0 and to Germany, 7–0. Spain also lost to Germany's second team, 2–0 but avoided being in last place by beating Italy, 4–0. On 1 January 1925, Spain played Germany's second team again, winning in double overtime 3–1. After beating Germany, Spain went on a Swiss tour winning three of the games they played. Spain played in the Challenge de Haute–Garonne for the second time in January 1925. During the tournament, they defeated Belgium's second team 4–1 and tied France 3–3.
In 1926, Spain again competed in the European Championships held in Davos, Switzerland. In their first game against Belgium, Spain lost 5–0. They also lost their second game to Czechoslovakia (9–2). In the consolation pool, Spain tied Italy 2–2 and lost to Poland, 4–1.
Spain has competed in the IIHF World Championship Division II since it began in 2001. During the first year of the tournament in 2001, Spain defeated South Africa, Iceland, Australia and New Zealand. However they lost to South Korea preventing Spain from finishing in first. In 2002, Spain finished in third place in Group B after defeating Bulgaria, Iceland and Luxembourg and losing to Yugoslavia and Lithuania. During the 2003 version of the tournament, Spain defeated South Africa, Mexico and Australia and lost to Yugoslavia and South Korea. Spain finished in third place in Group A. Spain hosted the Division II tournament in 2004 and finished fourth place in Group A by defeating Israel and Luxembourg. Spain lost to China, Croatia and Australia. 2005 was a down year for Spain as they finished in fifth place in Group B with only two points. Spain's only win came against Iceland while they lost to Serbia and Montenegro, Belgium, Israel and North Korea.
In 2006, they lost to Serbia and Montenegro, Romania men's national ice hockey team and twice to Bulgaria while beating South Africa for their lone win. They finished in fifth place in Group A for the second straight year. In 2007 they defeated Bulgaria, Turkey and Serbia and lost to Belgium and Croatia. Unlike the prior two years Spain finished in third place with nine points. In 2008, Spain finished in third place by defeating Australia, Iceland and Mexico and lost to China and New Zealand. Spain won three games and lost two in 2009, their three wins came against Mexico, Bulgaria and South Africa while they lost to South Korea and Belgium. Spain finished in third place with nine points.
Spain was ranked 34th in the IIHF World Rankings in 2009. In 2010, Spain rose in the rankings to 30th and competed in Division II of the 2010 IIHF World Championship. They finished first in their group at the tournament and hence got promoted to Division I for the first time in their history.
World Championship record
References
External links
IIHF profile
National Teams of Ice Hockey
Ice hockey in Spain
National ice hockey teams in Europe
I
Donald George MacLeod (born 2 March 1947) was a South African cricketer who played in four First-class matches from 1967 to 1971 and who subsequently played a leading role in the South African sugar industry.
A right-arm medium and right-hand bat, MacLeod played all their first class matches for the Natal B team, taking 9 wickets and scoring 57 runs. Their first match was in January 1968 against the Orange Free State and their subsequent matches during the holiday period (18 December to 18 January) of the 1970/71 season.
They became president of the Natal Cricket Union (1991–92) and an executive member of the South African Cricket Union (1987–90) and after its merger with the South African Cricket Board of the United Cricket Board of South Africa (1991–94).
After completing degrees at the Universities of Natal and Oxford, they pursued a management role in the sugar industry, becoming managing director of Illovo Sugar in 1992 and chairperson of the board in 2012. They were also chairperson of the South African Sugar Millers Association Limited from 1995 to 1997. During their tenure as managing director, they negotiated the May 1997 R1.6 billion ($225 million, £128 million) deal to merge Lonhro's sugar interests with those of Illovo, making Illovo the largest sugar producer in Africa.
References
External links
1947 births
Living people
South African cricketers
KwaZulu-Natal cricketers
South African businesspeople
Cricketers from Pietermaritzburg
Alumni of the University of Oxford
University of Natal alumni
Shinta (written: 真太 or 新太) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
(born 2000), German footballer
(born 1989), Japanese footballer
(born 1971), Japanese video game designer
(1927–2005), Japanese author and illustrator
Fictional characters
Himura Kenshin, known in childhood as "Shinta"
Other meanings
the name for Sita in Indonesian languages.
Japanese masculine given names
Graham Joseph Hill (born 8 July 1969) is an Australian theologian who is an Associate Professor of Missiology and World Christianity at the University of Divinity, and formerly principal of Stirling Theological College in Melbourne.  They are the State Leader of Baptist Mission Australia (Western Australia). Hill's research focuses on World Christianity but they are also known for their work on biblical egalitarianism and women theologians of global Christianity. They have published in the areas of missiology, applied theology, and global and ecumenical approaches to missional ecclesiology.
Education
In addition to undergraduate studies, Hill completed a Master of Theology at the University of Notre Dame Australia, and a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D) at Flinders University.
Career
Hill was involved in a church plant in 1988. They entered theological college for ministerial training in 1994 and received the Annual Theological Essay Award (Undergraduate Section) in 1996 for an essay titled "Augustine's Influence on Calvin, Zwingli and Luther." Hill was ordained and accredited by the Australian Baptist Churches in 2000. After church planting and pastoring in Sydney and Perth, Hill moved into theological education in 2004.
Hill was a lecturer at Burleigh Baptist Theological College in Adelaide from 2004 to 2006. Hill was a lecturer, Vice-Principal, and Provost of Morling College in Sydney from 2007–2019, a theological college affiliated with the Australian College of Theology and the University of Divinity. They presented at a 2013 Baptist World Alliance global gathering, and both the General Secretary and President of the Baptist World Alliance reviewed their books. Hill began as Interim Principal of Stirling Theological College (a member college of the University of Divinity) in 2019, and was appointed Principal in 2020. Hill was promoted to Associate Professor of the University of Divinity in 2020.
Hill served as a Visiting Scholar at the Korean Baptist Theological University and Seminary in South Korea in 2019. They delivered public lectures and seminars at that Baptist university, as well as at Torch Trinity Graduate University in Seoul, South Korea. They serve as an adjunct faculty member of Abilene Christian University in Texas, in their Doctor of Ministry program. On 7 March 2018, Hill was a keynote speaker at the Bible Society of Australia Church Leaders' Summit held at the InterContinental Hotel, Sydney. Hill's presentation on "trends in global Christianity and their impact on Australian church and society" was made to the Heads of all major Australian Christian denominations and organizations, and to the Governor-General of Australia, General David Hurley.
Hill reported struggling with alcoholism and depression while working as a church pastor, and stopped drinking alcohol in 2005.
Hill is the Founding Director of The Global Church Project.  They are Chief Editor of the Australian Journal of Mission Studies. Hill is a Research Associate at the Center for the Study of Global Christianity (at Gordon-Conwell Theological Seminary in Hamilton, MA).
Research
Hill's first book explored ecumenical and missional approaches to Christian ecclesiology. This work was a revision of their PhD thesis, An Examination of Emerging-Missional Ecclesiological Conceptions: Missional Ecclesiology and the Ecclesiologies of Miroslav Volf, Joseph Ratzinger and John Zizioulas, and was published in 2012 by Cascade Books. Scot McKnight awarded the book the Jesus Creed Book of the Year in the category Church in 2012, writing "This is the most important book I have ever read on the church."
Hill's book Global Church: Reshaping Our Conversations, Renewing Our Mission, Revitalizing Our Churches was published by IVP Academic in 2016. Global Church and their research into global Christianity have been reviewed in Patheos, Christian Courier, Moody Bible Institute, and academic journals. Global Church was awarded an honorable mention in the 2015 IVP Academic Readers Choice Awards.
Hill's book Healing Our Broken Humanity: Practices for Revitalizing the Church and Renewing the World, co-authored with Grace Ji-Sun Kim, was named as a Resource of the Year - Culture by Outreach Magazine in 2019. The book was examined on ABC Radio National's Soul Search, with reference to its research into Asian Christianity, and the interview was broadcast on the ABC on 18 August 2019.
Hill's book Holding up Half the Sky: A Biblical Case For Women Leading and Teaching in the Church has been profiled by Scot McKnight.
Selected publications
Hill, Graham Joseph (2013). Servantship: Sixteen Servants on the Four Movements of Radical Servantship. Eugene, OR: Cascade Books. ISBN 978-1620328248.
Hill, Graham Joseph (2015). Signs of Hope in the City: Renewing Urban Mission, Embracing Radical Hope. Melbourne: ISUM. ISBN 978-0992394110.
References
External links
Official Author Website
The Global Church Project
21st-century theologians
Living people
1969 births
Australian theologians
University of Divinity faculty
Flinders University alumni
University of Notre Dame Australia alumni
The Tennis Court Oath is a 1962 poetry collection by the American writer John Ashbery. Ashbery lived in Paris when it was published, working as an art critic. The book received few and negative reviews upon its original publication.
See also
1962 in poetry
American literature
References
1962 poetry books
American poetry collections
Poetry by John Ashbery
Leśniakowizna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołomin, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Leśniakowizna has a population of 465
References
Villages in Wołomin County
Anthony Konyegwachie (born 10 May 1970) is a Nigerian boxer. They competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics. At the 1988 Summer Olympics, they lost to Daniel Dumitrescu of Romania.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Nigerian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Nigeria
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Featherweight boxers
The Arlington Recreation Ground (known as Arlington Oval) is a soccer stadium in Dulwich Hill, Sydney, Australia with a capacity of 6,000.
History
The venue was built in 1932 with a natural grass playing surface and a grandstand, on land which had previously been used as a brick works; the brick pits were infilled to greate the green space.
Empire Games
During the British Empire Games in 1938, women athletes competed at Arlington Oval. The grandstand was used in scenes from the Australian movie The First Kangaroos, which was named after the Australian Rugby League's inaugural international tour of England.
Revamped venue
In mid-August 2014, Arlington Oval was upgraded for $2.15 million with an installion of new pitch which replaced the existing natural grass surface which was in poor condition before then. The stadium was also upgraded with new lights, fencing and other general improvements.
References
Sports venues in Sydney
Rugby league stadiums in Australia
Soccer venues in Sydney
1932 establishments in Australia
Prypiat-Stokhid National Nature Park () was created in 2007 to protect and unify a series of natural complexes of the Pripyat River and Stokhid River valleys in northwestern Ukraine. The park provides protection, research areas, and recreation representative of the meadows and wetlands of the Polissia biosphere region. The park supports two Ramsar wetlands of international importance, and are joined in a cross-boundary Ramsar wetland with Belarus. The park is in the administrative district of Liubeshiv in Volyn Oblast.
Topography
The topography is flat wetlands along the Prypyat and Stokhid rivers. This is suggested by the name of the Stokhid, which means "river of one hundred moves". The site runs along the border with Belarus to the north. Downstream, the filtered waters of the area feed into the Dnieper River and through the middle of Ukraine. The outer boundaries form a shape long and thin, running west-to-east for 50 km, and north–south an average of 10 km.
Climate and ecoregion
The climate of Prypiat-Stokhid is humid continental climate, warm summer (Köppen climate classification (Dfb)). This climate is characterized by large seasonal temperature differentials and a warm summer (at least four months averaging over , but no month averaging over . Precipitation in the park is about per year.
Prypiat-Stokhid NNP is located in the Central European mixed forests ecoregion, a temperate hardwood forest covering much of northeastern Europe, from Germany to Russia.
Flora and fauna
Bogs cover 43% of the park, forests and bottom land 35%, shrub land 16%, and 6% water. Because of the rich diversity of habitats – swamps, bogs, peatlands, riverine islands, etc. – the park exhibits great biodiversity, including over 800 species of higher plants and 220 vertebrate species, including 60 species of mammals and 220 species of birds. Over 150,000 waterfowl are recorded during the annual migration.
Public use
Bicycle routes encircle the park, making for journeys of 1 to 5 days, and an extensive network of hiking trails for day trips or multi-day guided excursions. The park sponsors "green rural tourism", which includes the ability to visit rural villages in the area or rent a rural farm. There are two water tour routes with guided tours in kayaks and small boats.
See also
National parks of Ukraine
References
External links
National parks of Ukraine
Streptoglossa cylindriceps is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae and grows in Western Australia, South Australia and the Northern Territory. It is a ground cover or ascending perennial or annual herb with bluish purple or pink flowers.
Description
Streptoglossa cylindriceps is a short-lived, perennial or prostrate herb with faintly aromatic, glandular leaves and stems covered in soft, thin hairs. The leaves are oblong to lance shaped to spoon or oval shaped, long, wide, narrowing gradually at the base, margins smooth or toothed and pointed or blunt at the apex. The flowers are borne singly on either long or short branches consisting of 35-80 pink, lilac or blue-purple florets, involucre long and the bracts purplish or green. Flowering occurs most months of the year and the fruit is dry, one-seeded, curved, ribbed, long and densely covered with silky, flattened hairs.
Taxonomy and naming
Streptoglossa cylindriceps was first formally described in 1981 by Clyde Robert Dunlop and the description was published in Journal of the Adelaide Botanic Garden.The specific epithet (cylindriceps) means "cylinder" and "headed".
Distribution and habitat
This streptoglossa grows in drier regions in a variety of situations and soils including red sand or clay, floodplains, rocky creeks and occasionally flooded swamps.
References
Asterales of Australia
Flora of the Northern Territory
Flora of South Australia
Flora of Western Australia
Inuleae
Leslie Pope (June 2, 1954 – May 6, 2020) was an American set decorator who was nominated at the 76th Academy Awards for their work on the 2003 film Seabiscuit in the category of Best Art Direction. They shared their nomination with Jeannine Oppewall.
Pope was born in Bowling Green, Kentucky. They were an alumna of Antioch College, where they received a B.A. in biology.
Selected filmography
After Hours (1985)
Angel Heart (1987)
Ironweed (1987)
Crocodile Dundee II (1988)
The Prince of Tides (1991)
Carlito's Way (1993)
The Juror (1996)
Donnie Brasco (1997)
In & Out (1997)
The Astronaut's Wife (1999)
Flawless (1999)
The Family Man (2000)
Bad Company (2002)
Catch Me If You Can (2002)
S1m0ne (2002)
Seabiscuit (2003)
Spanglish (2004)
Failure to Launch (2006)
Lions for Lambs (2007)
Spider-Man 3 (2007)
Seven Pounds (2008)
Funny People (2009)
Get Him to the Greek (2010)
The Amazing Spider-Man (2012)
Django Unchained (2012)
This Is 40 (2012)
Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014)
Ant-Man (2015)
Ghostbusters (2016)
Avengers: Infinity War (2018)
Avengers: Endgame (2019)
References
External links
1954 births
2020 deaths
American set decorators
Antioch College alumni
People from Bowling Green, Kentucky
Set decorators
King and Barnes was a family-owned English brewery in Horsham, Sussex.
History
The brewery, founded around 1800 as Satchell & Co., was later bought out by maltster James King and renamed King & Sons. In 1906, another Horsham brewer, G.H. Barnes and Co., merged with King & Sons thus forming King and Barnes.
The company was taken over in 2000 by Hall and Woodhouse. The brewery building was sold off and demolished for housing.
The pubs are now managed by Hall and Woodhouse, while the Hall and Woodhouse Badger Brewery acquired the rights to the King & Barnes brand names. The brewery's cask ales were very popular in the local area; while King & Barnes had also gained a wider reputation for their bottle-conditioned beers.
In 2001, Bill King of King & Barnes formed a small brewery in Horsham, WJ King & Co. The ex-head brewer Andy Hepworth also formed a brewery in the town which as well as their own beers contract-brews and bottles for other companies.
Notable beers
Sussex Bitter
Festive
Broadwood
Old Ale
Mild
External links
Quaffale's brewery information
RateBeer's brewery information
Article by SilkTork on King & Barnes
W.J. King & Co. Brewery
Hepworth & Co Brewers Ltd
Defunct breweries of the United Kingdom
History of West Sussex
Companies based in West Sussex
Horsham
Fuego (1981) is Menudo's seventh Spanish album.
This album was released with two different covers and titles. The first release was titled Menudo featuring brothers Oscar and Ricky Meléndez, René Farrait, Johnny Lozada and Xavier Serbiá. This is the second album this line-up recorded together. The second release was titled Fuego featuring new member Miguel Cancel. Miguel replaced Óscar Meléndez after Óscar reached the age limit. Both albums contain the same songs.
Track listing
Fuego - Singer: group
El Momento Del Adiós - Singer: Johnny Lozada
Doña Tecla - Singer: Oscar Meléndez and Ricky Meléndez
Madre - Singer: René Farrait
Llegas Tú - Singer: group
A Bailar - Singer: René Farrait
El Ayer - Singer: René Farrait
Isole - Singer: group
De Tu Vuelo - Singer: group
Sueños - Singer: René Farrait
Ella A-A - Singer: group
El Pavo Real - Singer: René Farrait
References
Menudo (band) albums
1981 albums
Spirit of Korean Celadon () is a 2002 North Korean film directed by Phyo Kwang. A drama with "fun, unconventional musical sequences", the film is set during the Goryeo period and tells the story of a craftsman devoted to making traditional Korean celadon.
Spirit of Korean Celadon was one of three North Korean films shown at the Special Screening section of the Jeonju International Film Festival, held from 28 April–6 May 2005.
References
External links
2000s Korean-language films
North Korean drama films
2002 films
Films set in the Goryeo Dynasty
Caverns of Mars is a vertically scrolling shooter for the Atari 8-bit family of home computers. It was programmed by Greg Christensen, with some features added by Richard Watts, and published by the Atari Program Exchange (APX) in 1981. Caverns of Mars became the best selling APX title of all-time and was moved into Atari, Inc.'s official product line, first on diskette and later on cartridge.
The game is a vertically scrolling variation of Konami's 1981 arcade game Scramble. In Caverns of Mars, the player descends into cave and at the end must retrace their steps back to the top. Christensen wrote two less successful sequels, one of which scrolls horizontally and is very similar to Scramble.
Gameplay
Caverns of Mars is a scrolling shooter similar in concept and visual style to the 1981 arcade game Scramble. Christensen changed the orientation of the caverns from Scramble, having the player fly down into them as opposed to sideways through them. Unlike Scramble, rockets in Caverns of Mars remain on the ground.
Using a joystick, the player controls a ship descending into the tunnels of Mars, firing at targets along the way. The player's spacecraft has two cannons, positioned on either side of the craft, firing downwards. The player needs to avoid hitting the cavern walls, while shooting targets of opportunity along the way. Fuel tanks can be shot to add 5 points of fuel, and the craft is destroyed if it runs out.
There are several different sections of the map, with easier skill levels removing the more difficult sections from the areas through which the player has to fly. The easiest skill level has only three sections, the hardest has six. On any skill level the last section of the map is a reactor, which the player lands on and thereby sets to explode. The player then has to reverse course and fly up and out of the caverns to escape before the reactor explodes.
Development
Greg Christensen, a high-school senior, purchased an Atari 800 in 1981, and created Caverns in "little more than a month and a half"—the first significant program they wrote in 6502 assembly language. Fred Thorlin of Atari Program Exchange recalled Caverns arriving at APX:
In the original version, when the player reaches the end of the selected map, the game ends. Thorlin felt it needed something more. Christensen was too busy, but agreed use their royalties to pay for someone else to do the work. Thorlin hired Richard Watts of Macrotronics to make a number of modifications. This included a new ending in which the player has to fly back out of the cavern in reverse before a timer runs out.
Two months after sending it to APX, Christensen received their first royalty check for $18,000, and a phone call from an Atari executive who praised the game. Caverns eventually won the 1981 APX game contest, winning another $3,000, and in December 1982, Atari told Christensen they might receive up to $100,000 in royalties.
Atari licensed the game in early 1982 for distribution in the main Atari catalog on diskette. This was the first APX to Atari move, among very few examples in total. When asked to collaborate on a cartridge-based port, Christensen declined, having started college. Atari released the cartridge version in 1983.
Reception
Computer Gaming World called Caverns of Mars "delightful ... addictive and excellently paced". It noted the age of the author and stated that the game "has all the look, feel, and play of a 'professional' program". Softline liked the game's use of checkpoints after losing a life, and concluded "This game is great; you'll find it difficult to pull yourself away". Compute! called Caverns of Marss graphics "impressive … an excellent use of the Atari's graphics capabilities," noting that the game takes advantage of a little-used mode allowing four colors per character. A Creative Computing reviewer opened with "Four minutes later. I was hooked. Four hours later, my wife dragged me away." and concluded by noting that "The Caverns of Mars has that indefinable "something" that makes it arcade-quality". The Addison-Wesley Book of Atari Software 1984 gave the game an overall B+ rating, calling it "fast-paced and addictive" and "great fun ... a must for any dedicated arcade game player". Electronic Fun gave it a 3.5 out of 5 rating, praising the action and pointing out only a few minor flaws.
Caverns of Mars received a Certificate of Merit in the category of "Best Science Fiction/Fantasy Computer Game" at the 4th annual Arkie Awards,
Legacy
Mars Mission II
Christensen followed Caverns in 1981 with a lesser-known sequel, known originally as Caverns of Mars II. This version is very similar to Scramble, scrolling horizontally and with rockets that launch upwards from the ground. The game was completed in 1981, but it was not released. It would not be published until several years later by Antic Software as Mars Mission II.
Phobos
Combining the vertical orientation of the original Caverns with the improved graphics of Caverns II, Phobos was released through APX in 1982, although there are other minor modifications as well. The levels are divided into sub-levels with letters as names; after being killed the action restarts at the top of the sub-level, as opposed to the top of the whole level. The system is similar to the one used in Moon Patrol.
Softline stated that Phobos might disappoint Caverns of Mars players, stating that it was "a reinvention of the wheel" and too easy for them. The magazine noted some improvements, such as a pause button and multiple skill levels, but advised that "Mars veterans should wait". The Addition-Wesley Book of Atari Software 1984 gave the game an overall B rating, stating that "whether it is a better game than the original is debatable" and concluding that "it is a good choice for the dedicated arcade game player".
Re-releases
In 2005, a version of Caverns of Mars was included on the Atari Flashback 2 classic game console.
Clones
Datamost's Cavern Creatures (1983) for the Apple II is very similar. Conquest of Mars (2006) for the Atari 2600 is a direct clone.
References
Bibliography
External links
Caverns of Mars 1982 Atari, Inc. version at Atari Mania
Caverns of Mars, play-through on Novice settings
1981 video games
Atari Program Exchange software
Atari 8-bit family games
Atari 8-bit family-only games
Vertically scrolling shooters
Video games developed in the United States
St. Maurice Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church (building) at the junction of LA 477 and U.S. Highway 71 in St. Maurice in Winn Parish, Louisiana, across from the U.S. post office of St. Maurice. It was built in 1874 and added to the National Register in 1997.
It has a central entrance tower with a pyramidal roof topped by a cross. The tower and the main block of the church are covered with weatherboard held by square nails. It has a tin roof, which was originally of shake construction.
References
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
Churches completed in 1874
Buildings and structures in Winn Parish, Louisiana
National Register of Historic Places in Winn Parish, Louisiana
Wame may refer to:
People
Wame Valentine, actor
Wame Lewaravu (born 1983), Fijian rugby union player
Places
Wame, Niger
, France
Other
WAME, American radio station
WSUA, American radio station (formerly WAME)
Pathy Alondo Malumandsoko (born 11 May 2000) is a French professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Greek Super League 2 club Apollon Pontus.
References
2000 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Fontainebleau
Expatriate footballers in Greece
French expatriate sportspeople in Greece
French expatriate footballers
French footballers
Championnat National 3 players
Championnat National 2 players
Ligue 2 players
Stade Malherbe Caen players
Super League Greece 2 players
Apollon Pontou FC players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Seine-et-Marne
Latcholassie Akesuk (1919–2000) was an Inuk sculptor.
Early life and family
They were born in 1919, on Anatalik Island in the Northwest Territories. Their father Akesuk Tudlik (1890–1966) was a renowned sculptor, as was their brother, Solomonie Tigullaraq. Their granddaughter Saimaiyu Akesuk (born 1988) is also a sculptor.
Career
They began carving alongside their father in the early 1950s, and was particularly influenced by their father's owls.
They carved using the green stone common on Dorset Island around Kinngait. Their work is held in a variety of museums, including the National Gallery of Canada, the Museum of Inuit Art, the University of Lethbridge Art Collection, and the University of Michigan Museum of Art.
Later life
They died in 2000, in Cape Dorset, now Kinngait.
References
Artists from the Northwest Territories
1919 births
2000 deaths
20th-century Canadian sculptors
Inuit sculptors
Inuit from the Northwest Territories
Canadian male sculptors
20th-century Canadian male artists
William West Skiles (1807–1862) was an American missionary, a Deacon in the Episcopal Church, and a teacher and community leader. They helped to found the community of Valle Crucis, North Carolina and to establish the church and missionary center there.
Early life
William West Skiles (October 12, 1807 - December 8, 1862) was the founder of the community of Valle Crucis, North Carolina in the 1840s, and builder of the region's first Episcopal church. "William West Skiles, Episcopal missionary and teacher, was born in Hertford, Perquimans County, North Carolina. Following a few years of formal schooling in the local schools, they worked as a mechanic and later than overseer of a group of lumber mills in the vicinity of Plymouth, North Carolina. In 1844 Skiles left eastern North Carolina to settle in the newly formed community of Valle Crucis, Watauga County, North Carolina where Levi Silliman Ives, bishop of the Diocese of North Carolina, was in the process of developing a center for missionary work, a classical and agricultural school for boys, and a theological school. During the next year a chapel, schoolhouse, and dormitory were built as well as a sawmill and a blacksmith shop. A farm and a dairy were maintained to help support the community."
Order of the Holy Cross
In December 1842, Bishop Levi Silliman Ives sent a priest to begin the Episcopal ministry in Valle Crucis Episcopal Mission. During the next 10 years, land was purchased, simple buildings were constructed to start the Mission School, and the Society of the Holy Cross, the first monastic order since the English Reformation in the 1500s, was formed. Ives sent William West Skiles to Valle Crucis to supervise the farming operation. Skiles was ordained a Deacon in 1847 and was instrumental in building St. John's Episcopal Church in 1862.
"William West Skiles, a native of North Carolina, was the first man in the Anglican Communion since the Reformation to persevere in the dedicated life of poverty, chastity, and obedience under vows."
Homely Sage of Valle Crucis
Brother Skiles often was consulted affectionately as the "homely sage" in the community, where few people could read or write. Local families would bring their letters to them to read for them, and to help write their answers. "A minister of the Gospel, a schoolmaster, a sort of physician, they were also public Scrivener and legal adviser. Few days passed when some letter was not brought to them to read and to answer; family letters of all kinds, business letters, legal papers, with these their pen was often busy... they were also a general counselor to the neighboring population." In addition, they were respected as an arbiter, settling arguments between farmers, as well as between family members. In short, their home was a little court in a section of the country where there were few lawyers and little law enforcement.
Death and burial
When they died in 1862, they were buried at St John's Episcopal Church cemetery in Valle Crucis, North Carolina. Their tombstone reds "Deacon. Monk. Missionary." Shortly after their death, the church was moved to a new location to avoid periodic flooding. William Skiles' remains were moved as well.
References
Bibliography
Cooper, Susan Fenimore. Missionary Life at Valle Crucis. Valle Crucis, N.C.: Valle Crucis Conference Center, 1992.
Skiles, William West, and Susan Fenimore Cooper. A Sketch of Missionary Life at Valle Crucis in Western North Carolina 1842-1862. New York: James Pott & Co, 1992.
"William West Skiles, Deacon, Monastic and Missionary, 1862". For All the Saints. 2012.</ref>
"William West Skiles" Dictionary of North Carolina Biography. 1979 - 1996.
People from Valle Crucis, North Carolina
19th-century Anglican deacons
Anglican missionaries in the United States
1807 births
1862 deaths
American Anglican missionaries
Anabela Atijas (; ; born 26 January 1975), known mononymously as Anabela, is a Bosnian-Serbian pop singer. They launched their career in 1993 as a part of the duo Funky G, together with their former husband Gagi Đogani with whom they have a daughter Luna Djogani. The duo split in 2009 because Gagi Đogani was abusive in their marriage. Anabela continued their career as a solo singer, and released their first solo album, Igra sudbine, on 21 July 2010 through City Records.
Life and career
1975–1990: Early childhood
Anabela Bukva was born in Goražde, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia to a Bosniak Muslim father Ahmed Bukva and Bosnian Serb mother Jadranka Polutak. Them parents filed for divorce when they were three or four years old. The divorce was finalized when they began first grade of primary school. It was initially argued in court that Anabela would live with their father because their mother did not have the financial capabilities to care for Anabela. The court did not favor this opinion, but could not make a decision. Instead, the matter was given to Anabela to decide with whom they would live after the divorce. Because of a strong connection with their father, Anabela chose to remain with their father. Anabela describes themselves and their father as being a "dream team"; they were inseparable. They were immersed in music from an early age. Them father would play the guitar for her, and the two would often sing duets together.
They grew up with their father's two half-brothers from their paternal grandfather's second marriage. The older half-brother is four years older than Anabela, and the younger Anabela's age. Because they were all close in age, Anabela viewed them as their brothers. They were a self-described tomboy, and practiced karate. They finished their primary education in Goražde, and decided to relocate to Sarajevo at the age of 13 for secondary education in foreign languages. They lived in Sarajevo for two years, having moved between thirteen apartments during their short stay. They have two paternal half-sisters, Ilda and Aida (born 1985), who is an actor.
1990–2005: Bosnian War and Funky G
During winter break in late 1990, Anabela left Bosnia for Switzerland with their boyfriend, Nikola. Shortly after they left, their home country Yugoslavia began breaking up and several wars started, including one in Bosnia. Nikola returned to Bosnia, as their parents had been left behind. They became one of the first victims of the war. Anabela remained in Switzerland for a short period, and could not return to Bosnia because of border closures. They had no family in Switzerland nor contact with family in Bosnia, so they decided to relocate to Belgrade.
Looking for a normal life, they gained some footing in Belgrade through the help of Nikola's family. A refugee from Croatia hired Anabela to work as a secretary in their office. After seeing a commercial advertising for the opening of the Đogani Dance School, they decided to sign up for dance classes. Gazmen "Gagi" Đogani, a dance instructor at the Đogani Dance School, was attracted to Anabela and immediately offered to take them on a date. Anabela described the relationship as an instant love. The duo spent hours choreographing dances to Western songs by popular artists such as Bobby Brown, Michael Jackson and Whitney Houston.
Gagi decided to create an all-girl music group in 1993. The duo split, both professionally and privately, in 2009. Anabela continued their career as a solo singer. Montenegrin singer Nenad Knežević Knez and Serbian rapper Milan 011 wrote a song for the group, called Samo u snu (Only in Dreams). Knez questioned Gagi's choice of having many different girls performing in the group, instead opting to have just Anabela perform. Gagi agreed on a whim and asked Anabela to join their group, Funky G. Although liking the idea, they were reluctant to do it. The duo eventually recorded a video for the song Samo u snu. Having received an invitation to come, Anabela decided to move to Sweden to live with their mother. They gained refugee status in Sweden, and began attending school. In the meantime, Gagi replaced Anabela with another woman. Within a few months, Gagi began repeatedly calling Anabela during their stay in Sweden, informing them of the success of their single throughout the clubs in Serbia. Gagi begged Anabela to return to Serbia immediately to perform at a concert in the famed Sava Center. Anabela did not immediately believe Gagi, and remained skeptical. Gagi sent Anabela a banknote of 5,000 Deutsche Marks as proof that they were earning money on behalf of their own work. Still unconvinced, Anabela, by chance, watched a report on CNN on the nightlife of Belgrade's youth during a time of economic sanctions. Many different nightclubs were showcased in the report, and in several of them, Anabela heard the song they and Gagi had earlier made. Finally believing Gagi, they reluctantly agreed to come back despite having been awarded refugee status. Anabela was shocked by the celebrity status they had gained in Belgrade. The public started to associate Funky G with Anabela. In an effort to appease fans, Anabela decided to attend vocal schooling to improve their singing ability and provide vocals in subsequent Funky G releases.
After the release of Funky G's second album in 1995, Anabela unexpectedly became pregnant. Gagi, after hearing the news, was indifferent about the pregnancy. However, after hearing the baby's heartbeat on the ultrasound, Gagi became excited about their first child. In preparation for the baby's delivery, Gagi and Anabela saved money to purchase an apartment of their own. Anabela gave birth to their daughter Luna in 1996. They later miscarried twins, and had trouble getting pregnant thereafter. They sought the help of fertility doctors, aiding them in becoming pregnant with their second daughter, Nina.
2009–present: Breakup and solo career
Marital problems between Anabela and Gagi became evident following Nina's birth in 2005. After a long period of instability in the relationship, the marriage ended in April 2009 and Anabela subsequently left Funky G to start a solo career. Anabela was married to a Bosnian Jewish business person Andrej Atijas. Atijas lived in Serbia where they studied, and their mother lives in Pančevo. They have one daughter together, Blankica Atijas born 20 May 2013 in Sarajevo. They divorced in 2019, but remained close. After living in Sarajevo for a year, Anabela returned to live in Belgrade.
Anabela released their first solo album, Igra sudbine (Game of destiny), on 21 July 2010 through City Records.
They have citizenship in both Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia.
Discography
Igra sudbine (2010)
See also
Đogani
References
1975 births
Living people
People from Goražde
21st-century Bosnia and Herzegovina women singers
21st-century Serbian women singers
Bosnia and Herzegovina emigrants to Serbia
City Records artists
Bosnia and Herzegovina people of Bosniak descent
Bosnia and Herzegovina people of Serbian descent
Yawa (Yava) is the Papuan language of central Yapen Island in Geelvink (Cenderawasih) Bay, Indonesia. Alternative names are Iau (not the same as Iau language), Mantembu, Mora, Turu, and Yapanani.
Phonology
Vowels
Consonants
References
Yawa languages
Languages of western New Guinea
Papua (province) culture
TimeMap Java is an open-source web mapping application, which was one of the first such applications to introduce generic time filtering and map animation on the web. TMJava is a comprehensive Java mapping applet which can run as a standalone application with local data, on a web site or as a two tier application with a backend server and independent metadata clearinghouse, supporting distributed data sources.
TimeMap developed out of work on mapping historical and archaeological data, starting with animated maps in 1995, a Windows mapping tool in 1997, and TMJava from 2001. Funding came from numerous sources but in particular from the Australian Research Council (Sydney TimeMap project, 2000–2002) and from the Electronic Cultural Atlas Initiative (1998–2005). TimeMap is available as open-source on SourceForge.
TimeMap's Windows tool, TMWin, is a metadata development and map building tool which will publish interactive maps to a web site using data referenced in the Electronic Cultural Atlas Initiative's metadata clearinghouse.
Capabilities
TMJava can be used to develop interactive maps for web sites, for intranet enquiry systems, for museum and visitor kiosks, and for standalone CD-ROM products. In addition to static datasets, TMJava can connect with databases which are being actively updated or with live data feeds.
TMJava has very strong legend and layer management capabilities, easily handling complex maps and large datasets, with incremental loading to deliver increasing levels of detail as one zooms in.
Applications
TimeMap's is used as the core technology to number of applications, including:
Electronic Cultural Atlas Initiative Clearinghouse Search
TMJava provides map-based spatial searching of the ECAI clearinghouse of cultural datasets and background geographic data. The search includes the Rumsey Map Collection, one of the largest digitised collections of historical maps in the world. Search results can be overlaid and displayed in the TMJava map interface, as well as through WMS and Macromedia Flash (.swf) views.
MacquarieNet Atlas of Indigenous Australia
TMJava is used by MacquarieNet's Atlas of Indigenous Australia (free access) and Explore Australia (subscription) interactive maps. Users can display and overlay the many thematic maps of the Atlas.
UNHCR refugee resources mapping
A TMJava-based CDROM was developed in 2006 by UNHCR to map refugee resources and refugee camps in Liberia. Poster 2006 by Yann Rebois, UNHCR and CartoONG, Simplified web map version
Community Adversity and Resilience
A TMJava-based CD-ROM accompanying Professor Tony Vinson's important 2004 Community Adversity and Resilience report on behalf of Jesuit Social Services to the NSW and Victorian governments.
References
External links
Official website
Digital Innovation Unit
University of Sydney
GIS software
Ekaltadeta jamiemulvaneyi is a species of potoroid marsupial that existed in later periods of Miocene Australia.
Taxonomy
The description of Ekaltadeta jamiemulvaneyi was assigned to a new genus Ekaltadeta by Stephen Wroe in 1996, assigning it to the genus erected for another species. The author reviewed the phylogeny of Ekaltadeta and gave a revised description of the genus.
The specific epithet jamiemulvaneyi refers to an honour given to J. Mulvaney as a supporter of the Riversleigh Society. The generic name means "powerful tooth".
Description
Ekaltadeta jamiemulveneyi describes a very large species of the propleopine group.
Distribution
A species of Riversleigh fauna, only known from that area in the north of Queensland. The specimens used in the first description were obtained at two sites in the Riversleigh World Heritage Area, the "Encore" and "Cleft of Ages" sites. The sites of deposition are dated to period toward the end of the Middle or the beginning of the late Miocene.
References
Miocene marsupials
Fossil taxa described in 1996
Riversleigh fauna
Adelheid Steinmann (born Adelheid Holtzmann; 26 April 1866, in Heidelberg – 20 January 1925, in Bonn) was a German politician, women's rights activist and wife of Gustav Steinmann.
Life
Family
Adelheid Holtzmann was born on 26 April 1866 in Heidelberg to Protestant theologian Heinrich Julius Holtzmann and their wife Karoline Weber, daughter of the historian Georg Weber. Them brothers included the historian Robert Holtzmann and the hygienist Friedrich Holtzmann. In 1886 they married the geologist Gustav Steinmann. The couple had a son. One of their grandsons is Wulf Steinmann (born 1930), former member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts and president of the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich (1982–1994).
Work
Steinmann successfully fought for the female education at German universities. Baden became the first country in the German Empire where women had been enrolled for the winter semester 1899/1900 at the University of Freiburg. Until then, women in Germany were only allowed to study with a special permit or they had to be admitted as a guest. The special permit was only given to women who studied under the "supervision" by a husband. When Prussia admitted general women's studies in 1908, 190 female students were already studying in Freiburg. Steinmann became chairperson of the Verein Frauenbildung-Frauenstudium from 1900 to 1914.
After 1908 their work shifted increasingly into the political sphere, the goal being the women's suffrage. Since 1912 they worked with Julie Bassermann (1860–1940) in the Reichsfrauenausschuss of the National Liberal Party (Nationalliberale Partei). In 1918 Steinmann co-founded the left-wing German Democratic Party (DDP) and became vice-president. The first presidency was reserved for a man, Friedrich Naumann.
Adelheid Steinmann ran for the Reichstag in 1919, but they transferred their secure place on the list to the younger Marie Elisabeth Lüders (1878–1966). In Bonn, Steinmann had been one of the first female members of the city council.
Select publications
Die höhere Mädchenbildung, Vorträge gehalten auf dem Kongreß zu Kassel. Leipzig/Berlin 1908.
Die Forderung politischer Neutralität im Frauenstimmrecht. In: Die Frau, vol. 17 (1909/1910), pp. 641–648.
Frauenbewegung und Parteipolitik. In: Die Frau, vol. 19 (1911/12), pp. 481–486.
Zwei Frauenurteile über Mann, Frau und Familie. In: Die Frau, vol. 20 (1912/1913), pp. 153–159.
Wieder einmal das Oberlyceum und seine Freunde. In: Die Frau, vol. 21 (1913/1914), pp. 370–374.
Die Frau in der Familie. In: Jahrbuch des Bundes Deutscher Frauenvereine. 1918, pp. 31–49.
References
Sources
Jan Merk: Adelheid Steinmann. In: Badische Biographien. N.F. 4. 1996, pp. 285–287.
Ernst Th. Nauck: Das Frauenstudium an der Universität Freiburg im Breisgau Freiburg 1953.
Lexikon der Frau. Vol. 2, Zürich 1954, S. 1345.
Grete Borgmann: Freiburg und die Frauenbewegung. Ettenheim 1973, pp. 8–46.
Barbara Greven-Aschoff: Die bürgerliche Frauenbewegung in Deutschland 1894–1933. Göttingen 1981, p. 119, 146, 163, 287.
Helmut Stubbe da Luz: Adelheid Steinmann. In: Das Rathaus Jg. 39 (1986), pp. 527–531.
Eva Steffens: Historische Skizze. In: Frauenhandbuch. Freiburg 1992, pp. 188–198.
Rudolf H. Böttcher: 100 Jahre Frauenstudium, Adelheid Steinmann. (mit Ahnentafel u. Bild), In: Pfälzisch-Rheinische Familienkunde. Vol. 14 (1999), p. 467.
Obituaries in:
Bonner Zeitung 23. Januar 1925, Generalanzeiger 24. Januar 1925
Martha Dönhoff: Adelheid Steinmann. In: Die Frau. Vol. 32 (1924/1925), pp. 183–184.
1866 births
1925 deaths
German women's rights activists
German Democratic Party politicians
20th-century German women politicians
Politicians from Heidelberg
20th-century German women writers
Cloe Isabella Mackie and Holly Elizabeth Mackie ( also known as Cloi Mckee and Holli Mckee; born ) are British twin actores, best known for playing Tania and Tara, respectively, in the 2007 and 2009 St Trinian's films.
Filmography
Cloe Mackie
Homegrown (2006) short film -Zoe
Wednesday (2006) short film - young Lilya
Death Defying Acts (2007) feature Film - Psychic Twin One
St Trinian's (2007) feature film - Tania
St. Trinian's II: The Legend of Fritton's Gold (2009) feature Film - Tania
The Coven (2015) feature film - Cara
Holly Mackie
Homegrown (2006) short film - Zoe
Death Defying Acts (2007) feature film - Psychic Twin Two
St Trinian's (2007) feature film - Tara
St. Trinian's II: The Legend of Fritton's Gold (2009) feature film - Tara
The Coven (2015)- feature film - Ruby
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
English child actores
Twin people from England
Actresses from London
Jorge Luis Márquez Gómez also known as Anelka, (born June, 1988) is a Venezuelan footballer midfielder who plays for Bauger FC in the Liga Dominicana de Fútbol.
Club career
Its beginnings and motivation for soccer born in San Jose Academy and the San Jacinto school there was beginning to form Jorge Anelka Marquez. After its start in these small schools, Jorge comes to the UCV FC where they participated in the under-17 category, then they joined the Aragua FC where they participated in the Under 20 and manages to give the jump to the professional level. Their long-awaited debut in the first division reaches their 18 years in the hands of Professor Manolo Contreras with Aragua FC confronting them where Vigia FC got the victory 2 goals to 1 in the Olympic Hermanos Ghersi Páez in Maracay Stadium. In 2007, they were champion of Venezuela Cup in the Aragua FC with only 18 years old. Then passing through the Carabobo FC at the time the club was in the second division of the Venezuelan professional football, Jorge Marquez achieved promotion to the first division with the club. Notably, Jorge Marquez was in the call for Aragua FC for the 2008 Copa Sudamericana in the two matches of the first phase vs Chivas de Guadalajara, phase where the Aragua FC would stay out of the tournament in a global score of 3 -2 for Chivas.
References
Jorge Anelka Marquez se incorporo al atlantico fc de la republica dominicana
el talentoso Jorge Anelka Marquez
zulia sumo cuatro piezas en sus filas
Anelka anota primer gol de la historia de atlantico fc
External links
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Maracay
Venezuelan footballers
Aragua FC players
Carabobo F.C. players
Zulia F.C. players
Venezuelan expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Dominican Republic
Association football midfielders
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in the Dominican Republic
American Theater or American Theatre may refer to:
Theater in the United States, about stage theater in the U.S.
American Music Hall, Manhattan, known as American Theater until 1908
Bowery Theatre, Manhattan, formerly also called the American Theatre
Orpheum Theater (St. Louis), Missouri, formerly known as the American Theater
American Theater (World War II), about military operations
American Theatre (magazine)
See also
American Theatre Hall of Fame, New York City, New York
William G. Wilson (October 28, 1867 – May 9, 1924) was a professional baseball player. They played all or part of three seasons in Major League Baseball, primarily as a catcher. They played for the 1890 Pittsburgh Alleghenys and 1897–98 Louisville Colonels.
Personal life
After retiring from baseball, Wilson became involved in petty crime, eventually being charged in 1909 with forging postal money orders. On May 9, 1924, Wilson's bloodied body was found in a St Paul, Minnesota ice-cream parlour by police after an anonymous phone call. They had been stabbed ten times. Police believed that Wilson had been murdered over a dispute regarding the distribution of illegal moneys from a crime.
References
Sources
1867 births
1924 deaths
Major League Baseball catchers
Pittsburgh Alleghenys players
Louisville Colonels players
St. Paul Saints (Western League) players
Kansas City Blue Stockings players
Peoria Distillers players
Galesburg Hornets players
Baseball players from Missouri
19th-century baseball players
People from Hannibal, Missouri
American murder victims
People murdered in Minnesota
Deaths by stabbing in the United States
Teschener Kammer or Teschen Chamber (, ) is a name of a latifundium owned directly by the Dukes of Teschen in the years 1653–1918 and a name of the institution managing it on their behalf.
History
It was instituted after the death of Elizabeth Lucretia in 1653, which ended the Cieszyn Piast's rule in the duchy. The duchy lapsed directly to the Bohemian monarchs, at that time the Habsburgs. As opposed to the local Piast dukes they lived away from the duchy and this necessitated the deployment of administrators presided over by a regent. Kaspar Tłuk became the first regent in September 1653.
Initially the Teschener Kammer encompassed 4 towns (Cieszyn, Skoczów, Strumień and Jablunkov) and 31 villages organised into two circles (Cieszyn-Jablunkov and Skoczów-Strumień). In 1737 it had 4 towns, 49 villages and 21 folwarks.
A rapid development of the Teschener Kammer came after the First Partition of Poland in 1772. The abolition of socage facilitated industrial development. A steel mill was opened in 1772 in Ustroń. In 1791 Albert Casimir, Duke of Teschen, began to purchase numerous villages within Cieszyn Silesia. In 1797 they bought the independent territory of Friedeck. In the 19th century it grew considerably, with mines, sawmills, breweries etc. being launched by the Kammer. In 1838 Archduke Charles, Duke of Teschen, purchased Żywiec latifundium and included it in the Teschener Kammer. In 1839 steel mill in Třinec began operating.
After World War I and the fall of Austria-Hungary the Kammer was liquidated: its properties were nationalised in Poland and Czechoslovakia.
Footnotes
References
Cieszyn Silesia
Eliaquim Hans Mangala (born 13 February 1991) is a French professional footballer who plays as a centre-back.
Born in France, they moved to Belgium as a child and began their career there at Standard Liège, going onto Porto in 2011 where they won consecutive Primeira Liga titles before joining Manchester City in 2014 for £32 million. They played 79 matches for City, won the Premier League in 2017–18, and had loans at Valencia and Everton, before joining the former on a free transfer in 2019.
Mangala made their debut with the France national team on 6 June 2013 against Uruguay. They were included in the nation's squads for the 2014 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2016, helping them finish as runners-up in the latter tournament.
Club career
Early career
Mangala was born in the northwestern Parisian suburb of Colombes to Congolese parents, but moved to Belgium at the age of five to live in the French-speaking city of Namur. At the same age, they joined local club Athletic Club Lustin as a youth player and spent six years at the club before moving to CS Wépionnais in nearby Wépion. After two years in Wépion, Mangala joined the biggest club in the city, UR Namur, and quickly impressed. While at Namur, Mangala was utilised as a striker and their positive displays at youth level led to interest from Standard Liège. In 2007, Mangala and Standard reached an agreement on a three-year youth contract.
Standard Liège
Mangala joined Standard Liège and, upon their arrival, was converted into a left back and inserted into the club's under-17 team for the 2007–08 season. Mangala's admirable play with the team led to the player being promoted to Standard's under-19 team in January 2008, where they again switched positions, this time moving into central defence. During their time with the under-19 team, Mangala made the bench several times for Standard's under-21 team, despite being only 17 years old.
For the 2008–09 season, Mangala was given the opportunity to train and play with the first team. On 23 October 2008, they signed their first professional contract, agreeing to a five-year deal with the club. Mangala was officially promoted to the senior team and assigned the number 22 shirt. On 9 November, they made their professional debut as an 89th-minute substitute in a 3–1 victory over Germinal Beerschot. They made another late appearance against Gent before earning their first career league start against Dender on 17 January 2009. In the match, Mangala provided the assist on the opening goal scored by Milan Jovanović in the 3rd minute of play. Standard won the match 3–2 with Mangala playing the entire match. They finished the season with 11 league appearances as Standard Liège were crowned champions. They also appeared in UEFA Cup matches against Italian club Sampdoria, German club Stuttgart, and Portuguese team Sporting CP, starting the match against the latter.
Mangala was inserted as a starter for the 2009–10 season making their debut in the club's 2–0 victory over Genk in the Belgian Supercup on 25 July 2009. On 12 September, Mangala scored their first professional goal in a league match against Mechelen in a 3–0 victory. Four days later, Mangala scored another goal against English club Arsenal in the club's opening UEFA
Champions League group stage match. Mangala scored the goal in the 3rd minute and Standard striker Jovanović scored two minutes later to put Standard Liège up 2–0, however, the club went on to lose the match 3–2 following three unanswered goals from the English team.
In what proved to be their final league match for Standard, Mangala converted a Steven Defour free-kick to give their team a 1–0 lead over KRC Genk at half-time, but striker Kennedy Ugoala Nwanganga earned a 1–1 draw for Genk, securing the league title by just half a point over Standard. In their final appearance for the club on 21 May 2011, Mangala scored Standard's first goal in their 2–0 victory over K.V.C. Westerlo in the final of the Belgian Cup, ending an 18-year cup drought.
Porto
Mangala joined reigning Europa League champions Porto on 16 August 2011. The deal also included Porto signing their Standard teammate Steven Defour in a combined deal that totalled £11.4 million. They played their first season with Porto as a substitute behind the likes of Rolando, Maicon and Nicolás Otamendi. They made their first appearance in the 2012–13 season for Porto in the Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira against Académica on 11 August 2012, playing the full 90 minutes as Porto won the pre-season title with a 1–0 win. They made their first-team breakthrough with Porto that season, becoming the first-choice centre back and scoring four league goals, one of which was in a 2–2 draw with Benfica on 13 January 2013. Mangala featured in Porto's 2–0 win over Paços de Ferreira on 19 May 2013, leading the club to an undefeated season and a third-straight league title, by just one point over rivals Benfica.
In the January 2014 transfer window, Manchester City made an offer for Mangala and their teammate Fernando, but abandoned interest when Porto held out for £50 million. On 23 February, they were sent off for a reckless challenge inside the area and Porto fell to a 1–0 defeat to Estoril as Evandro converted the spot kick. In Porto's Europa League Round of 16-second leg against Eintracht Frankfurt four days later, Mangala scored two goals, both from headers, as Porto battled back from 2–0 down to draw 3–3 and secure passage to the quarter-finals on away goals. On 3 April, they headed in the game's only goal as Porto defeated Sevilla in the first-leg of that round. Their goal would not be enough to guide the Portuguese into the next round as they fell to a 4–1 loss in Spain seven days later.
Manchester City
On 11 August 2014, Mangala signed for English club Manchester City on a five-year contract, for a reported £31.8 million transfer fee. It was however reported 18 months into their contract that the fee was more in the region of £42m due to spiralling costs as a result of Mangala's split ownership at Porto, with City having to pay in the region of £18m to two companies which owned over 40% of Mangala's economic rights. This second figure would make Mangala the most expensive defender in British transfer history at the time. They reunited with their former Porto teammate, Fernando, who had joined City earlier in the summer.
Mangala made their debut in City's fifth match of the Premier League season, a 1–1 home draw against Chelsea on 21 September. Lining up alongside captain Vincent Kompany, their performance was described by BBC Sport as "colossal". Six days later, an own goal and concession of a penalty by Mangala caused City to lose a 2–0 lead against Hull City, although they eventually triumphed 4–2. Despite media criticism, manager Manuel Pellegrini said "we continue to trust them because they are a very good player who had very bad luck". On 30 November, Mangala was sent off for two yellow cards in City's 3–0 win away to Southampton.
Valencia (loan)
On 31 August 2016, Mangala joined Spanish club Valencia on a season-long loan. They made their debut for the Che on 11 September, starting alongside fellow newcomer Ezequiel Garay in a 3–2 home loss to Real Betis. On 28 February 2017, they scored their first goal to defeat Leganés at Mestalla, and on 19 March they headed the opening goal of a 4–2 away loss at FC Barcelona in which they were sent off for pulling at Luis Suárez in the penalty area.
Everton (loan)
Mangala joined Premier League club Everton on loan on 31 January 2018. They made their debut against Arsenal, but in their second game against Crystal Palace they were forced off at half-time with a knee injury. They later underwent surgery and was ruled out for the remainder of the season. At the end of the season they were eligible for a Premier League winners' medal having previously made nine league appearances for Manchester City before joining Everton.
Valencia
On 12 August 2019, Mangala returned to former club Valencia on a permanent basis after agreeing to a two-year contract on a free transfer. They and teammates Ezequiel Garay and José Luis Gayà tested positive for COVID-19 virus during the COVID-19 pandemic in Spain.
Saint-Étienne
On 20 January 2022, Mangala signed for Saint-Étienne on a free transfer, on a six-month contract. They played 14 Ligue 1 matches, and scored an equaliser in a 2–1 home loss to Reims in the penultimate fixture on 14 May. They were suspended three times due to accumulating nine yellow cards, missing the first leg of the promotion/relegation playoff against Auxerre and returning in the second leg for the penalty shootout defeat.
International career
Due to being raised in Belgium, Mangala did not feature with any of France's youth football teams. In 2008, they were approached by the Royal Belgian Football Association who called the player up to the country's under-18 national team. However, due to not possessing a passport at the time, the call up was deemed futile. After excelling with Standard Liège's senior team, Mangala drew the interest of the French Football Federation with France under-21 manager Erick Mombaerts attending a match between Liège and Mouscron at the Stade Le Canonnier in November. On 5 November 2009, Mangala was selected, for the first time, to the under-21 team for a friendly match against Tunisia on 13 November and a 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualification match against Slovenia on 17 November. Mangala made their under-21 debut in the Tunisia match, but missed the match against Slovenia after withdrawing from the team due to an injury suffered the previous day in training. On 2 March 2010, they earned their second straight selection to the under-21 team and started in central defence alongside captain Mamadou Sakho in the team's 3–1 win over Croatia.
Mangala made their debut with the France senior team in a 1–0 loss to Uruguay on 6 June 2013. They were included in France's squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup but did not make an appearance during the tournament, in which Les Bleus reached the quarter-finals.
Mangala was also included in France's squad that finished runners-up at UEFA Euro 2016 on home soil. They made one appearance in the quarter-finals on 3 July, replacing Laurent Koscielny for the final 18 minutes of a 5–2 win over Iceland at the Stade de France.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Standard Liège
Belgian First Division: 2008–09
Belgian Cup: 2010–11
Belgian Super Cup: 2009PortoPrimeira Liga: 2011–12, 2012–13
Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira: 2012, 2013Manchester CityPremier League: 2017–18Individual'''
O Jogo Team of the Year: 2013
UEFA Europa League Squad of the season: 2013–14
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
French sportspeople of Democratic Republic of the Congo descent
Sportspeople from Colombes
Black French sportspeople
Footballers from Hauts-de-Seine
French footballers
Association football defenders
Union Royale Namur Fosses-La-Ville players
Standard Liège players
FC Porto players
FC Porto B players
Manchester City F.C. players
Valencia CF players
Everton F.C. players
AS Saint-Étienne players
Belgian First Division A players
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Premier League players
La Liga players
Ligue 1 players
France under-21 international footballers
France international footballers
2014 FIFA World Cup players
UEFA Euro 2016 players
French expatriate footballers
French expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
French expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
French expatriate sportspeople in England
French expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Sportspeople from Namur (city)
Footballers from Namur (province)
Operetta for the Theatre Organ is an album released by Leonard MacClain in 1957 on Epic Records LP record LN 3372. On release, J. Albert Fracht reviewed the album as "full of good playing." The album features music from Victor Herbert's "Red Mill", "The Fortune Teller" and "Mlle Modiste." Also featured are songs from Sigmund Romberg's "The Desert Song" and "The New Moon". Rudolf Friml is represented by songs from "The Firefly", and "Rose Marie".
Track listing
Every Day Is Ladies' Day with Me; Because You're You; In Old New York; Moonbeams (Victor Herbert)
Gypsy Love Song (Herbert)
Song of Love (Romberg)
Girls, Girls, Girls; Vilia; The Merry Widow Waltz (Franz Lehár)
Indian Love Call (Friml)
Thine Alone (Herbert)
The Desert Song; One Alone; The Riff Song (Romberg)
Kiss Me Again (Herbert)
Auf Wiedersehen (Romberg)
Your Land and My Land (Romberg)
Sympathy; Giannina Mia (Romberg)
Stouthearted Men; Wanting You (Romberg)
References
1957 albums
Epic Records albums
Instrumental albums
Leonard MacClain albums
Willie Whitehead, Jr. (born January 26, 1973 in Tuskegee, Alabama) is a professional American and Canadian football defensive end, most recently for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League. They walked-on to play college football with Auburn before winning a scholarship. They graduated with a Communications degree in 1994, garnering 65 tackles and five sacks their senior season.
Professional career
Whitehead began their pro career signing as an undrafted free agent with the San Francisco 49ers for the 1995 season. After being cut by the 49ers, they split time between the CFL's Baltimore Stallions active roster and the 49ers practice squad. The following season, they played with the CFL's Montreal Alouettes and then in 1997 they led the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in sacks and added 44 tackles. After their strong showing in the CFL, Whitehead spent the 1998 training camp with the Detroit Lions before having a brief stint with the Frankfurt Galaxy of NFL Europe. In 1999, Whitehead found their place on a permanent NFL roster, earning a starting position with the New Orleans Saints, with whom they have remained for the last eight seasons of their NFL career. They have the second most sacks among current Saints players with 24.5 sacks (the other defensive end Charles Grant leads with 33). On June 15, 2007 the Saints released him.
Personal
Whitehead and their father, Willie Whitehead, Sr. are both members of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity.
Whitehead along with Ira Newble appeared together on an episode of The Real Housewives of Atlanta where they were dates at an auction.
Their nephew is football player Tahir Whitehead, who was a defensive end from 2008-2011 for Temple University, and currently plays in the NFL for the Carolina Panthers.
External links
New Orleans Saints Player Bio
References
1973 births
Living people
American football defensive ends
Auburn Tigers football players
Players of American football from Alabama
New Orleans Saints players
Sportspeople from Tuskegee, Alabama
People from Macon County, Alabama
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
Le Morne Brabant is a peninsula at the extreme southwestern tip of the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius on the western side of the island. It is highlighted by an eponymous basaltic monolith with a summit above sea level. The summit covers an area of over . There are many caves and overhangs on the steep slopes. It is largely surrounded by a lagoon and is a well known tourist attraction. It is also a refuge for two rare plants, the Mandrinette and the Boucle d'Oreille. The peninsula of Le Morne benefits from a micro-climate. The mountain is named after the VOC-ship (Dutch East India Company) Brabant that ran aground there on 29 December 1783 on the cliffs.
Le Morne Brabant Mountain was submitted to the candidate list of the World Heritage Sites in 2003. In 2008, the nomination process concluded when UNESCO inscribed the site on the World Heritage List.
Peninsula
The peninsula is steeped in cultural "myth and legend" in the early 19th century as a suggested refuge for Maroons and people who escaped slavery. After the abolition of slavery in Mauritius, on 1 February 1835 it is rumored that a police expedition was dispatched there ostensibly to inform those who escaped slavery that emancipation had made them legally free men and women. The arrival of the police at the base of the mountain was (according to legend) misinterpreted by the former slaves who had scrambled to the summit (fearing that they were to be arrested and re-enslaved) and subsequently elected to leap to their deaths from the rock and commit suicide by landing in the ocean, rather than be recaptured back into slavery. Since 1987 the date is celebrated (particularly by Mauritian creoles) as the Annual Commemoration of the Abolition of Slavery.
Le Morne has been declared a World Heritage Site. The monument includes an inscription of this extract from the poem "Le Morne Territoire Marron" by Richard Sedley Assonne; "There were hundreds of them, but my people the maroons chose the kiss of death over the chains of slavery."
Cultural and aesthetic impact
Le Morne highlights the historical significance of slavery.
Further reading
Dominique Auzias, Jean-Paul Labourdette: Maurice, Rodrigues Le Petit futé. Country guide (Online)
Rosabelle Boswell: Le Malaise Créole: Ethnic Identity in Mauritius Berghahn Books, 2006.
Notes
External links
Le Morne Brabant: The heritage of the Mauritian nation
UNESCO World Heritage Centre – Le Morne Brabant
Le Morne Heritage Trust Fund
Views from La Rose des Vents – Le Morne Brabant
Mountains of Mauritius
Peninsulas of Africa
World Heritage Sites in Mauritius
A penjor is a Balinese Hindu religious symbol of prosperity installed on the day of the Galungan ceremony. Its form is of a tall, decorated bamboo pole and can be seen across Bali year-round in front of homes, compounds and are part of temple anniversary celebrations as well almost every other important religious ceremony and Hindu life-cycle rituals.
The poles vary in length but are typically 5-10 meters in height with a distinctive curve near its upper portion. The penjor is said to resemble both the tail of the barong, a symbol of the goodness, and the peak of the sacred mountain Mount Agung. Their decoration schemes range from simple to exquisite using yellow coconut leaves and a variety of other symbolic materials such as pala bungkah (sweet potato) roots, pala gantung (cucumbers, oranges, bananas), pala wija (rice, corn), plawa (leaves), traditional cakes, and coins. Some penjors are created as permanent installations.
See also
Balinese Hinduism
References
Hinduism in Bali
Hindu practices
Kevin Thomas Moore (29 April 1958 – 29 April 2013) was an English professional footballer.
Born in Grimsby, Lincolnshire, they played for Grimsby Town, Oldham Athletic, Southampton, Bristol Rovers and Fulham. Moore is one of five members of their family to play for Grimsby, including their brothers David and Andy, their father Roy and their uncle Norman.
Illness and death
In January 2010, it was reported that Moore was suffering from Pick's disease, a rare form of dementia, and in need of 24-hour care. To support their care, their former club Southampton organised a charity golf day, while another of their former clubs, Grimsby, played a benefit match to provide for Moore's care. They died on their 55th birthday, 29 April 2013, in Hedge End, Hampshire.
Honours
Grimsby Town
Division Three champions: 1980
Football League Group Trophy winner: 1982
Southampton
Full Members Cup finalist: 1992
References
External links
Grimsby Town Official Site – Past player profile
Obituary on Southampton FC website
1958 births
2013 deaths
Footballers from Grimsby
English footballers
Association football defenders
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Oldham Athletic A.F.C. players
Southampton F.C. players
Bristol Rovers F.C. players
Fulham F.C. players
Premier League players
Deaths from Pick's disease
Deaths from dementia in England
Czarnów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówka, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Dąbrówka, north of Wołomin, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 150.
References
Villages in Wołomin County
Dennis "Bo" Biteman (born October 23, 1978) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Wyoming Senate representing District 21 since January 7, 2019. They previously served in the Wyoming House of Representatives representing District 51 from 2017 to 2019.
Elections
2016
Biteman challenged incumbent state Senate Majority Leader Rosie Berger in the Republican primary and defeated Berger with 56% of the vote. Biteman defeated Democrat Hollis Hackman in the general election with 69% of the vote.
Political Positions
Biteman is a staunch conservative. They support restrictions on abortion; as in February 2020 they introduced a fetal heart bill to regulate abortion. They oppose instituting a state income tax in Wyoming and supports lowering taxes on mineral extraction (which contribute the majority of Wyoming's tax revenue). Biteman has supported the debunked claims of election fraud alleged by Donald Trump in the aftermath of the 2020 United States presidential election and is proponent of the Stop the Steal movement.
References
External links
Official page at the Wyoming Legislature
Profile from Ballotpedia
Living people
Members of the Wyoming House of Representatives
Wyoming Republicans
Wyoming state senators
1978 births
Grand Valley State University alumni
21st-century American politicians
Hao Feng-ming (; born 19 September 1959) is a Taiwanese politician. They have served as the Political Deputy Minister of Labor since 17 February 2014.
Education
Hao received their bachelor's degree in law from the National Chung Hsing University. They obtained their master's and doctoral degrees in law from the Universite de Droit in France.
Early career
Hao held several positions in the academia, such as the Vice President, Professor and Dean of the Law Department at National Chung Cheng University and a lecturer at the Judges and Prosecutors Training Institute of the Ministry of Justice.
Political career
At the central government, they have held several positions, such as the committee of the Examination and Review of Labor Insurance Disputes of the Council of Labor Affairs, member of the Committee of the Management of National Health Insurance Fund of the Department of Health and member of the Committee on Attorney Certification Examination Review of the Ministry of Examination of the Examination Yuan.
At the regional government, they were the member of the Legal Affairs Committee of the Chiayi City Government and member of the Petition and Appeal Committee of the Taichung County Government.
See also
Executive Yuan
References
Taiwanese Ministers of Labor
Living people
1959 births
National Chung Hsing University alumni
National Chung Cheng University faculty
Place of birth missing (living people)
Gagarinsky (masculine), Gagarinskaya (feminine), or Gagarinskoye (neuter) may refer to:
Gagarinsky District, name of several districts in Russia
Gagarinskoye Municipal Okrug, a municipal okrug of Moskovsky District of Saint Petersburg, Russia
Gagarinskoye Urban Settlement, an administrative division and a municipal formation which the town of Gagarin and one rural locality in Gagarinsky District of Smolensk Oblast, Russia are incorporated as
Gagarinsky (inhabited locality) (Gagarinskaya, Gagarinskoye), several rural localities in Russia
Gagarinskaya metro station, several metro stations in Russia
See also
Gagarin (disambiguation)
Roots Heights () is an ice-free height between Reece Valley and Skarsdalen Valley in the Sverdrup Mountains, Queen Maud Land. Photographed from the air by the German Antarctic Expedition (1938–39). Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and air photos by the Norwegian expedition (1958–59). Named for Ernest Frederick Roots, chief geologist with the NBSAE.
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Taşkıran, Posof is a village in the District of Posof, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Posof District
Muckno Lake (), also known as Lough Muckno, is a freshwater lake in the northeast of Ireland. It is located in County Monaghan beside the town of Castleblayney.
Geography and hydrology
Muckno Lake measures about long and wide. It flows out to the Clarebane River, which connects the lake to nearby Lough Ross.
Natural history
Fish species in Muckno Lake include European perch, common roach, common bream, gudgeon, northern pike and the critically endangered European eel.
See also
List of loughs in Ireland
References
Muckno
Eikefjord is a former municipality in the Sunnfjord district in the old Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway. The municipality existed from 1923 until 1964 when it joined Flora Municipality (now part of Kinn Municipality in Vestland county). The administrative center of the former municipality was the village of Eikefjord, where Eikefjord Church is located. The municipality of Eikefjord was located at the end of the Eikefjorden, about east of the town of Florø. The lake Endestadvatnet was part of the municipality. The municipality encompassed the immediate area around the village of Eikefjord and to the east and south of the village.
Name
The municipality was named after the old Eikefjord farm () since the Eikefjord Church was located there. The farm is named after the nearby fjord which is located nearby. The fjord name comes from the Old Norse word eiki which means oak wood.
History
The parish of Eikefjord was established as a municipality on 1 January 1923 when the large municipality of Kinn was divided into three: Kinn (population: 2,508) in the west, Bru (population: 1,560) in the centre, and Eikefjord (population: 929) in the east.
During the 1960s, there were many municipal mergers across Norway due to the work of the Schei Committee. On 1 January 1964, Eikefjord Municipality (population: 919) was merged with the town of Florø (population: 2,040), Kinn Municipality (population: 3,567), the parts of Bru Municipality located north of the Førdefjorden (population: 1,155), the Husefest and Breivik areas of Bremanger Municipality (population: 9), and the Steindal area of Vevring Municipality (population: 25) were combined to form the newly created Flora Municipality.
Government
Municipal council
The municipal council of Eikefjord was made up of 13 representatives that were elected to four year terms. The party breakdown of the final municipal council was as follows:
See also
List of former municipalities of Norway
References
External links
Weather information in Eikefjord
Kinn
Former municipalities of Norway
1923 establishments in Norway
1964 disestablishments in Norway
Theodore Belden Lewis (November 18, 1843 – July 20, 1899) was an early leader in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) who was called and sustained to the Presidency of the Seventy, but never served in the office and was not set apart.
Biography
Lewis was born in St. Louis, Missouri, and was orphaned at a young age. They attended Central College in Howard County and Fairview Academy.
When the American Civil War broke out, Lewis joined the Army of the West and participated in the Battle of Booneville and later engagements before their December 19, 1861 capture by Union forces. They were paroled the next spring after serving in Gratiot Street Prison and began studying law.
Lewis moved to Utah Territory to teach in 1865 and converted to the LDS Church the next year. They served a mission to the Southern States, then in 1870 began teaching at a school that later became Brigham Young Academy.
From 1872 until 1876, Lewis served as superintendent of schools in Nephi, Utah. They were also a justice of the peace there. They then went to Salt Lake City where they were the teacher at the 20th Ward School. In 1879, Lewis became superintendent of schools for Salt Lake County. From 1885 to 1887 they were principal of Ogden High School. Lewis also served as Superintendent of Utah Territorial Schools from 1894 until statehood was achieved at the start of 1896.
In the October 1882 General Conference of the church, following the custom of the day, Lewis was issued a surprise calling to become a Seventy and serve as one of the quorum's seven presidents. The congregation sustained him. However, as they were about to be set apart the next day, they reported they had already been ordained a high priest and was therefore not set apart, and never served in the quorum presidency.
A polygamist, Lewis was married to sisters Martha J. Coray and Ephrina Sarepa Coray. They were the father of 17 children.
Lewis died in Boston, Massachusetts, from complications following surgery.
References
1843 births
1899 deaths
19th-century Mormon missionaries
American Mormon missionaries in the United States
American general authorities (LDS Church)
Confederate States Army soldiers
Converts to Mormonism
Latter Day Saints from Missouri
Latter Day Saints from Utah
Mormon pioneers
People from Nephi, Utah
People from St. Louis
Presidents of the Seventy (LDS Church)
Kaşıkçı Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 12 people.
References
Villages in Ardanuç District
Bruno Fragoso (born 23 November 1972) is a Portuguese former professional tennis player.
Born in Lisbon, Fragoso competed on the professional tour in the 1990s.
Fragoso, a two-time national singles champion, made their only ATP Tour singles main draw appearance at the 1997 Estoril Open and had the best ranking of 577 in the world. They featured in two Davis Cup ties for Portugal.
See also
List of Portugal Davis Cup team representatives
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Portuguese male tennis players
Sportspeople from Lisbon
Astro Pops are transparent three-color cone-shaped lollipops made by Leaf Brands.
History
Astro Pops were first made in 1963 after two rocket scientists working on the space program in El Segundo, California decided to quit their jobs and create the Astro Pop, modeling the pop after a three-stage rocket. They hand-built equipment, including machines to speed up the production of the cone wrappers. Astro Pops are unusual because the cone wrapper becomes the mold for the candy. Hot candy is poured directly into the wrapper, then a paper stick is added and the pop is capped off with a layer of wax. Because Astro Pops were created in the 1960s, at the same time in history when the Space Race was in full force, millions of Astro Pops were sold when the manufacturers capitalized on this craze.
In 1987, Spangler Candy Company (the makers of Dum Dums, Circus Peanuts and Safe-T-Pops) acquired the Astro Pops brand from the Nellson Candy Company of Los Angeles, California.
The original three flavors of the candy are cherry, passionfruit, and pineapple. Spangler expanded the Astro Pop line of lollipops with flavors such as banana split and caramel apple.
In 1997, Spangler and the 7-Eleven convenience store chain were sued by a couple in Skagit County, Washington, who alleged that their son was injured by an Astro Pop.
At the beginning of 2000, Spangler decided to reverse the shape of the Astro Pop, placing the stick at the tip of the pop, rather than the base. They felt it would give the consumer more surface area to lick. In September 2004, Spangler discontinued the product line.
In 2010, Ellia Kassoff purchased the brand. It is now part of Leaf Brands, LLC's portfolio of brands. Leaf has also expanded the Astro Pops franchise to include Astro Pop Asteroids (smaller bite-sized pieces), and Astro Pops Sodas. Kassoff paid Spangler cash for the recipes, global rights to the trademark, and three years of royalty payments. The original manufacturing equipment had been sold for scrap so Leaf had to reinvent the manufacturing process. Kassoff, with their company Strategic Marks, has become known as a "brand revivalist", who revived the Leaf brand that was once owned by their uncle before being acquired by Hershey in 1996. At that time Leaf made candy such as Jolly Ranchers, Milk Duds, and Whoppers.
References
External links
Astro Pop (official website)
Products introduced in 1963
Brand name confectionery
George Campbell Cooke (17 March 1906 – 23 May 1941) was a New Zealand rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics. They were a member of the New Zealand boat which was eliminated in the repêchage of the eight competition.
Cooke was born in Blenheim. They were killed in action during World War II at Servia, Greece. They were a Corporal in the New Zealand Army, and died of wounds during the Allied retreat in the Greek campaign of 1941.
References
1906 births
1941 deaths
New Zealand male rowers
Olympic rowers of New Zealand
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
New Zealand Army personnel
New Zealand military personnel killed in World War II
Yamantaka // Sonic Titan is a Canadian experimental music and performance art collective. Formed in Montreal, Quebec and currently operating in Toronto, Ontario, the group was founded by Ruby Kato Attwood and Alaska B – former members of the defunct Montreal noise rock band Lesbian Fight Club – and now features Ange Loft on vocals and percussion, Joanna Delos Reyes on vocals and guitar, Brendan Swanson on keyboards, Hiroki Tanaka on lead guitar, Brandon Lim on bass guitar, and Aylwin Lo on projections and lights. Ruby Kato Attwood left the band at the end of 2014. Past members have included John Ancheta on bass and acoustic guitar, Walter Scott, Shub Roy, Alana Ruth, and Adrienne Mak.
The group was originally conceived of as an art project exploring and subverting the cultural signifiers of their shared Asian Canadian heritage through the lens of their own mixed Asian-European heritage. They developed a music and performance style incorporating aspects of Asian C-pop and J-pop, progressive rock, heavy metal and industrial music, with roots in Haudenosaunee and First Nations culture, as well as Buddhist philosophy, anime and manga, Chinese opera and Kabuki and Noh theatre.
They present two distinct versions of their work, one conceptualized as a large scale theatrical performance art project and one recast as a touring rock band, and describe their style as "Noh-wave", a pun on Noh theatre and the No Wave style of experimental underground music. Their first theatrical work, a drag rock opera called 33, premiered at Toronto's Buddies in Bad Times theatre as part of the 2012 Rhubarb Festival, while their rock band show has appeared at several venues in 2012, including the Tomorrow's Parties and NXNE festivals.
The first album, YT//ST, was released on Montreal independent label Psychic Handshake in 2011. It was shortlisted for the 2012 Polaris Music Prize, and appeared on the !earshot Campus and Community National Top 50 Albums chart in January, 2012. The album was re-released on Paper Bag Records in 2012. Their video for "Hoshi Neko" was a shortlisted nominee for the Prism Prize in 2013.
Their second album, UZU, was released on October 29, 2013, and was a shortlisted nominee for the 2014 Polaris Music Prize.
In 2016, in collaboration with Pantayo, the band scored the soundtrack for the video game Severed.
In January 2018, the band announced DIRT, their third album, which was released on March 23, 2018, via Paper Bag Records. The band had a five-week North American tour in March and April, and a European tour in June. DIRT was longlisted for the 2018 Polaris Music Prize.
In October and November 2018 the band embarked on "North American Tour II: The Dirtening", as well as another European run. The band is scheduled to open every show of Acid Mothers Temple's spring 2019 tour of Canada and the United States.
In 2018, Alaska B composed the score to the film Through Black Spruce with Brendan Swanson as arranger, assistant composer and pianist. They won the Canadian Screen Award for Best Original Score at the 7th Canadian Screen Awards in 2019.
Discography
YT//ST (Psychic Handshake/Paper Bag Records, 2011)
UZU (Suicide Squeeze Records/Paper Bag Records/ATP Recordings, 2013)
DIRT (Paper Bag Records, 2018)
References
Suicide Squeeze Records artists
Canadian experimental musical groups
Canadian performance artists
Canadian artist groups and collectives
Musical groups from Montreal
Musical groups from Toronto
Musical collectives
Performance artist collectives
Paper Bag Records artists
Musical groups established in 2007
2007 establishments in Quebec
Indigenous peoples in Montreal
Indigenous peoples in Toronto
Software Advice is a company that provides advisory services, research, and user reviews on software applications for businesses in over 300 market categories including medical, CRM, HR, construction, business intelligence and marketing automation.
Co-founded in 2005 by CEO Don Fornes and Austin Merritt, it has been a subsidiary of Gartner since 2014.
History
Software Advice, Inc., formerly known as River Guide, Inc., was co-founded in 2005 in San Francisco, California by CEO Don Fornes and Austin Merritt, the company's former general manager and COO. The company provides advice on different software for buyers in several verticals: construction, medical, retail, property, manufacturing, distribution, electronic health record, CRM, applicant tracking systems, and more. In 2009, the company's headquarters moved to its current location in Austin, Texas. In March 2014, Software Advice was acquired by Gartner, Inc., a global information technology research and advisory company.
The company announced Blake Clark as its new general manager in November 2018.
Product
The company advises buyers on software products via free telephone consultations with software analysts. The Software Advice website gives pricing and demo information on individual systems, as well as market reports based on buyer interactions, and detailed reviews and comparisons. The company's reports have been used as a source of expertise in Forbes, Entrepreneur, Huffington Post, Business Insider, Yelp, Inc., and the Wall Street Journal among others.
Software Advice releases biannual reports to highlight top software products in different categories. Its FrontRunners for Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), April 2019 report analyzed the software that companies use to track information such as inventory management, accounting, and customer relationship management. In the report, Software Advice used analyzed data to plot the market's top ERP products graphically, based on Usability and User Recommended. The other FrontRunners reports also base scores on Usability and User Recommended.
Recognition
In 2013, Software Advice was recognized as one of the fastest-growing companies in the U.S. by Inc. Magazine.
In 2016 and 2017, the company was recognized as a Top Place to Work in the Austin, Texas area.
References
Information technology consulting firms of the United States
Companies based in Austin, Texas
Software companies established in 2005
USS Stevenson (DD-645), was a of the United States Navy.
Namesake
John H. Stevenson was a native of New York City. They were appointed Volunteer Acting Assistant Paymaster and Clerk in the United States Navy on 19 September 1862 during the American Civil War.
While attached to on the Potomac in December 1862, they led a boat expedition ashore, captured a small party of Confederates, and destroyed signal and recruiting stations. In June 1863, while attached to on the West Gulf Blockading Squadron, they reconnoitered in and about an enemy camp. Learning the details of a plan to capture Fort Donaldsonville, Louisiana, they made plans that enabled the small fort and Princess Royal to beat off the attack. On 10 July 1863 when they volunteered to pick up dispatches from , aground under enemy fire, and carried them to David Farragut at New Orleans, a journey of some on horseback through enemy territory. They remained in the Navy after the war, serving in United States ports, the South Atlantic and Pacific stations, and at Nagasaki, Japan, until retiring with the grade of Pay Inspector on 25 September 1893. They were called back to active duty during the Spanish–American War and served as pay officer of the Coast Defense System. They died in Brooklyn, New York, on 14 June 1899.
The name Stevenson was assigned on 22 January 1941 to DD-503, an experimental 900-ton destroyer ordered on 9 September 1940 from the Federal Shipbuilding and Drydock Co., Kearny, N.J. However, the contract was cancelled on 10 February 1941 and replaced by a contract for the Gleaves class destroyer.
Construction and commissioning
Stevenson was laid down on 23 July 1942 by the Federal Shipbuilding and Drydock Co., Kearny, New Jersey and launched on 11 November 1942, sponsored by Miss Mary Stevenson, daughter of Pay Inspector Stevenson. The ship was commissioned on 15 December 1942, Lieutenant Commander Thomas C. Greene in command.
Service history
Stevenson commenced shakedown in late December immediately after commissioning, but, on 4 February 1943, they collided with SS Berwind Vale off Newport, Rhode Island, losing part of their bow. After repairs at the Brooklyn Navy Yard, they escorted five merchant convoys between the U.S. east coast and North African ports. During that period, March through December 1943, they made several attacks on suspected submarine contacts, but none resulted in a confirmed kill.
On 23 January 1944, Stevenson left Norfolk to join the U.S. 7th Fleet in the Southwest Pacific. Shortly after arriving, they saw their first action, providing gunfire support for the landings on Los Negros Island in the Admiralties on 29 February 1944. For the next five months they took part in the leap-frogging assaults along the New Guinea coast, participating in the landings in Humboldt Bay in April, at Wakde in May, and at Sansapor and Noemfoor in July. On 20 August, Stevenson departed New Guinea to join the Palau Islands invasion force. They were employed during the landings as a unit of the transport screen, both en route and at the objective. Upon completion of the Palau operations, they sailed on 14 October for Seattle, Washington, for overhaul.
Refresher training lasted until 27 January 1945, when they left Pearl Harbor for Ulithi. From February to August 1945, Stevenson escorted the replenishment units of the Logistics Support Group, which supported the fast carrier forces during the Iwo Jima and Okinawa operations and the air strikes on the Japanese homeland. On 5 June, they weathered a typhoon; by the end of the war, they were operating within 200 miles (370 km) of the Japanese coast to support Admiral William F. Halsey's carriers. After brief occupation duty, during which they rode out Typhoon Louise in Japan between 9–11 October, the destroyer sailed for home via Singapore and Cape Town. They arrived in Charleston, South Carolina, on 20 January 1946, where they were decommissioned on 27 April 1946 and placed in reserve. They were struck from the Navy list on 1 June 1968.
Stevenson earned seven battle stars for their World War II service.
References
External links
navsource.org: USS Stevenson
hazegray.org: USS Stevenson
World War II destroyers of the United States
Ships built in Kearny, New Jersey
1942 ships
Gleaves-class destroyers of the United States Navy
Nanshan Boulevard (Chinese:南山大道) is a major thoroughfare in Nanshan, Shenzhen, China. It runs from Zhongshanyuan Road in the north to Dongbin Road in the south. The road is 5.4 kilometers long.
Major intersections
Beihuan Boulevard
Shennan Road
Binhai Boulevard and Guimiao Road (Intersection)
Dongbin Road
References
Roads in Shenzhen
Bharathi Vishnuvardhan (born 15 August 1950), also known mononymously as Bharathi, is an Indian actor known primarily for their work in Kannada cinema and television serials. They began their career in 1966, as a lead actor, with the Kannada movie Love in Bangalore. In a career spanning over 50 years, Bharathi has appeared in 150 films. Apart from 100 films in Kannada, they have also acted in a handful of Hindi, Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam films. In the course of their career, they became known for portrayal of the roles mythological and historical characters, and also that of a student, a romantic and a rural belle. Them role in Sri Krishnadevaraya (1970) as Chennambike won them the Karnataka State Film Award for Best Actress. In 2017, they were honoured with the Padma Shri by the Government of India.
Personal life
Bharathi was born in Bhadravathi on 15 August 1950 in the erstwhile Indian state of Mysore (now Karnataka). Them father V. M. Ramachandra Rao was a tailor and mother Bhadravathi Bai was a homemaker. Bharathi studied at Malleswaram Ladies Association (M.L.A) High School and then joined Maharani's Women's Science College in Bengaluru. While they were active in both sports and dance, their ambition at the time was to become a basketball player or an athlete. They even represented Karnataka State Level Throw-ball team during their college days. Destiny willed otherwise. In 1964, photos of their dance performance caught the eye of Kannada actor Kalyan Kumar, who cast them in Love in Bangalore.
Bharathi married actor Dr. Vishnuvardhan on 27 February 1975 in Bengaluru. They have adopted two daughters: Keerthi and Chandana. Dr. Vishnuvardhan died on 30 December 2009, aged 59 from cardiac arrest.
Career
Them first Kannada release was Dudde Doddappa followed by Love in Bangalore. Them sensitive portrayal of a singer in Sandhya Raga won their critical acclaim and they went on to form a successful romantic pair with Rajkumar. The iconic pair went on to give hit after hit until 1972, very significant among them are Sri Krishnadevaraya, Bangaaradha Manushya and Mayor Muthanna. They formed a popular pair with Vishnuvardhan (who then became their husband) and they starred in blockbusters like Bhagya Jyothi, Makkala Bhagya, Devara Gudi, Nagara Hole and Bangarada Jinke.
Bharathi was introduced to Hindi cinema by director A. Bhimsingh with Mehrban (1967) and Saadhu Aur Shaitaan (1968). They acted in several Hindi films like Ghar Ghar Ki Kahani opposite Rakesh Roshan, Manoj Kumar's Purab Aur Paschim and Hum Tum Aur Woh with Vinod Khanna, Mastana and Mehmood's Kunwaara Baap (1974).
Bharathi played supporting roles in two of M. G. Ramachandran's 1966 movies Nadodi and Chandhrodhayam which elevated their profile in Tamil arena. Later, they graduated to lead hero roles with Deiva Cheyal, Avalukendru Oru Manam and Thanga Surangam opposite stars like Muthuraman, Gemini Ganeshan, and Shivaji Ganeshan.
After a brief hiatus from the movies they returned to the Kannada screen in 1984 with Puttanna Kanagal's much acclaimed Runamukthalu and started their second innings as a lead hero in slightly more mature roles, going on to star in several movies each with lead actors of the time - Anant Nag (Maneye Manthralaya, Shanthi Nivasa) Prabhakar (Bandha Mukta), (Thaliya Aane), Ambareesh (Matsara) and Rajesh (Tavaru Mane). They also starred in several Hindi films in their second innings - Prabhat Khanna's Uttar Dakshin (1987), Izzatdaar (1990 with Dilip Kumar), Khel and Aao Pyaar Karen.
They acted in the Kannada Doordarshan serial Janani in the late 90s. In 2012, they appeared as a strict, no-nonsense sessions court judge in T.N. Seetharam's Kannada daily serial Mukta-Mukta.
Bharathi has acted in Telugu movies like Jai Jawan (1970), Govula Gopanna (1968) and Sipayi Chinnayya with Akkineni Nageswara Rao and various Malayalam films with many leading actors, mainly in character roles.
Apart from acting, Bharathi has also been a singer and associate director in the film industry, singing a duet with T.M. Soundarrajan, a Tamil song "Thanga Nilave Née Illamal" picturised on their and Gemini Ganesan. They sang a Kannada song "Ee Notake Mai Matake" with their husband Vishnuvardhan for the movie Nagara Hole. They worked as associate director with K. S. L. Swamy for the movies Karune Illada Kanoonu, Huli Hejje and the classic Malaya Marutha.
Filmography
Below is a partial list of them films.
Television
Bhagyavantaru as Annapoorneshwari Devi - serial aired in Star Suvarna
Sevanthi as Pramoda Devi - serial aired in Udaya TV
Janani -serial aired in Doordarshan
Samarppan - Doordarshan Hindi
Awards
2017 - Padmashri - the 4th highest civilian award of India.
2010 - Honorary Doctorate from Karnataka State Open University.
1969-70 - Karnataka State Film Award for Best Actress - Sri Krishnadevaraya
References
External links
Actresses in Kannada cinema
Actresses from Bangalore
Marathi people
Living people
1950 births
Indian film actores
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Actresses in Telugu cinema
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
Actresses in Tulu cinema
Recipients of the Padma Shri in arts
20th-century Indian actores
21st-century Indian actores
Actresses in Kannada television
Slonim District () is a district (rajon) in Grodno Region of Belarus.
The administrative center is Slonim.
Notable residents
Michał Wołłowicz (1806, Parečča estate — 1833) - participant of the November Uprising
References
Districts of Grodno Region
Teller County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 24,710. The county seat is Cripple Creek, and the most populous city is Woodland Park.
Teller County is included in the Colorado Springs, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
A few years after gold was discovered in Cripple Creek, political differences between area miners and mine owners, many of whom lived in Colorado Springs, resulted in the division of El Paso County. Created in 1899, Teller County was carved from the western slope of Pikes Peak, and was named after United States Senator Henry M. Teller. Within five years of its formation, Teller County became the scene of a dramatic labor struggle called the Colorado Labor Wars.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Douglas County - north
Jefferson County - north
El Paso County - east
Fremont County - south
Park County - west
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 24
State Highway 67
National protected areas
Cripple Creek National Historic District
Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument
Pike National Forest
State protected area
Mueller State Park
Trails and byways
American Discovery Trail
Gold Belt Tour National Scenic and Historic Byway
Historic places
See List of National Register of Historic Places Listings in Teller County
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 20,555 people in 7,993 households, including 5,922 families, in the county. The population density was 37 people per square mile (14/km2). There were 10,362 housing units at an average density of 19 per square mile (7/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 94.92% White, 0.55% Black or African American, 0.97% Native American, 0.58% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 0.90% from other races, and 2.00% from two or more races. 3.49% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 7,993 households 33.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.20% were married couples living together, 6.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.90% were non-families. 19.60% of households were one person and 4.00% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.94.
The age distribution was 25.90% under the age of 18, 5.60% from 18 to 24, 31.20% from 25 to 44, 29.80% from 45 to 64, and 7.50% 65 or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 102.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $50,165, and the median family income was $57,071. Males had a median income of $37,194 versus $26,934 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,412. About 3.40% of families and 5.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 6.90% of those under age 18 and 4.20% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Communities
Cities
Cripple Creek
Victor
Woodland Park
Town
Green Mountain Falls (partly in El Paso County)
Census-designated places
Divide
Florissant
Goldfield
Midland
Unincorporated communities
Crystola (Partly in El Paso county)
Gallery
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Colorado census statistical areas
Front Range Urban Corridor
National Register of Historic Places listings in Teller County, Colorado
References
External links
Teller County Profile & Community Bulletin Board
Teller County Government website
Teller County Information & Links
Teller County Online Yellow Pages
Teller County Real Estate Information
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1899 establishments in Colorado
Populated places established in 1899
Wong khrueang sai (, , literally "string ensemble") is a musical ensemble in Thai classical music which consists primarily of string instruments. A typical khrueang sai ensemble features two two-string fiddles, one high and one low (saw duang and saw u), a three-string zither called jakhe, a vertical duct flute called khlui, hand drums, and various cymbals. Depending on the size of the ensemble, instruments may be doubled or left out. A three-string spike fiddle called saw sam sai may be added as well. The khim (hammered dulcimer) has become popular and is also used in this ensemble. In the 20th century, Western instruments such as the violin or organ have also occasionally been integrated into khrueang sai ensembles.
Playing context
The khrueang sai is one of the quietest and most intimate ensembles in Thai classical music. It is used to accompany singing, dances, and holidays. It also used in impromptu occasions requiring music.
Varieties
The following are some of the ensemble types, depending on the occasion:
Khrueang sai wong lek
Khrueang sai khrueang khu
Khrueang sai pi chawa
Khrueang sai prasom
Here is the definition of the khrueang sai according to the NIU South East Asia Studies department:
Sound clips are available at the website above for all Thai ensembles.
Types of wong khrueang sai
Khrueang sai diao
Wong khrueang sai diao () is an ensemble consisting of one each of the following instruments:
ching - timekeeper of ensemble
saw duang
saw u
khlui
thon and rammana - secondary timekeeper
jakhe
This kind of ensemble is used when there is limit of space. It is also called wong khrueang sai wong lek () or wong khrueang sai khurang diao (วงเครื่องสายเครื่องเดี่ยว).
Khrueang sai khu
Wong khrueang sai khu () is an ensemble consisting of instruments as described in the khrueang sai diao ensemble, but double in number (except ching, thon, and rammana). It is also called wong khrueang sai wong yai (วงเครื่องสายวงใหญ่).
Khrueang sai prasom
Wong khrueang sai prasom () is an ensemble arranged by mixing khrueang sai diao or khrueang sai khu with other instruments, such as organ, ranad ek, khim and also mixed with the piphat ensemble to create new ensemble called khrueang sai prasom piphat (เครื่องสายประสมปี่พาทย์).
Khrueang sai pi chawa
Wong khrueang sai pi chawa () is an ensemble arranged by adding pi chawa (ปี่ชวา), glong khaek (กลองแขก), and krap (กรับ) to the wong khrueang sai diao. It is usually played in funeral ceremonies.
See also
Piphat
Mahori
Music of Thailand
References
Information about wong khrueang sai (Thai)
How to arrange Thai emsemble (Thai)
Thai music
Classical and art music traditions
Birchbox is a New York City-based online monthly subscription service that sends its subscribers a box of four to five selected samples of makeup, or other beauty related products. The products include skincare items, perfumes, organic based products, and various other cosmetics.
History
Birchbox was established in September 2010 by Katia Beauchamp and Hayley Barna, both graduates of Harvard Business School. In October 2010, Birchbox's initial funding began with $1.4 million in seed funding from investors including First Round and Accel Partners.
In August 2011, Birchbox received $10.5 million in Series A Funding.
In April 2014, Birchbox raised $60 million in Series B funding, led by Viking Global Investors, and saw participation from First Round Capital, Accel Partners, Aspect Partners, and Consigliere Brand Capital. In July 2014, Birchbox opened its first brick-and-mortar store in New York's Soho neighborhood. As of 2014, the company was valued at $485 million. In October, Birchbox partnered with Soldsie to launch its first Instagram shop. The shop allows Instagram users interested in Birchbox products to purchase directly through Instagram by leaving a comment on a photo with the hashtag #birchboxcart.
In 2015, co-founder Hayley Barna stepped down from the co-CEO role at the company and joined the First Round Capital firm as a venture partner. In January 2016, the company cut 15% of its staff.
As of May 2018, it had raised a total of almost $90 million in funding. In October, a minority stake in Birchbox was purchased by Walgreens, with Birchbox to open in Walgreens stores, initially 11.
As of May 2019, Birchbox had 230 employees.
In January 2020, the company cut 70% of its staff.
Business
As of Jan 2021, Birchbox has 300 thousand subscribers and 500 thousand active customers. Birchbox's incentive is that the consumer will choose to purchase the full-sized product of whatever sample they've grown to like from the Birchbox website afterward. As of 2021, about 5% of box subscribers went on to make full-size purchases.
After subscribing, the customer takes a survey called a "beauty profile" that aims to customize their future selections to better suit their preferences.
See also
Online Retail
References
External links
Cosmetics companies of the United States
Subscription services
Ilija Grgic (born 5 March 1972) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray, the West Coast Eagles and Essendon in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s.
Grgic was recruited from Melbourne High School Old Boys and made nine appearances in their debut season in 1993, for a return of 19 goals. They also received a nomination for the 1993 AFL Rising Star award and kicked a bag of six goals in a win over North Melbourne at the MCG. An injury to Scott Wynd in 1994 gave Grgic was role of number one ruckman at Footscray and they were awarded nine Brownlow Medal votes for their efforts over the course of the season, finishing with 217 hit-outs and 27 goals. They were Footscray's second most successful forward in 1995 with 39 goals and still had over 100 hit-outs for the year. Their goal tally included three majors in the qualifying final against Geelong.
Footscray traded them to West Coast for Luke Trew at the end of the 1996 AFL season and they were the regular ruckman for the Eagles in 1997. However they suffered back problems in 1998 and played most of their football for Peel Thunder in the West Australian Football League (WAFL). During their time at West Coast they were involved in a drugs controversy when they tested positive for a banned substance but it turned out to be cough medicine.
After being let go by West Coast, Grgic was picked up by Essendon with the 56th pick of the 1998 AFL draft. They continued to struggle with injury and could manage just two AFL appearances but did play in the Reserves Premiership that season.
Since retiring from football, Grgic has had a successful professional career in the oil and gas industry, including serving as engineering manager at the Shell refinery in Geelong.
References
External links
1972 births
Western Bulldogs players
West Coast Eagles players
Essendon Football Club players
Peel Thunder Football Club players
Doping cases in Australian rules football
Australian sportspeople in doping cases
Australian people of Croatian descent
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Melbourne High School Old Boys Football Club players
Living people
Peter Cuddon (fl. 1372–1390), of Dunwich, Suffolk, was an English politician.
Family
Their sons were Peter Cuddon and Robert Cuddon, both MPs for Dunwich.
Career
They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Dunwich in 1372, 1373, February 1383, April 1384, 1386, September 1388 and January 1390.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
English MPs 1372
People from Dunwich
English MPs 1373
English MPs February 1383
English MPs 1386
English MPs September 1388
English MPs January 1390
Go Ahead () is a 2020 Chinese television drama series, which revolves around three non blood-related kids who became each other's family. It premiered on Hunan TV on August 10, 2020. The series was a hit, and was well received by audiences for its warm familial theme. It aired on iQIYI globally with multi-language subtitles on October 8, 2020. In Vietnam, it aired on FPT Play on August 12, 2020 and on YouTube by Huace TV Vietnam on November 11, 2020. Netflix also gained the rights to air the show.
Synopsis
Li Jianjian (Tan Songyun), Ling Xiao (Song Weilong), and They Ziqiu (Zhang Xincheng) are three individuals unrelated by blood but become each other's family. They bond over their shared family troubles and support each other through the ups and downs of life. The story follows them through childhood, high school, college, and eventually adulthood. As they grow up, re-kindle relationships with their biological family, and experience hardships in life, the bond between the three becomes strained. But somehow, they always find their way back to each other.
Cast
Tan Songyun as Li Jianjian ()
Song Weilong as Ling Xiao ()
Zhang Xincheng as They Ziqiu ()
Tu Songyan as Li Haichao ()
Zhang Xilin as Ling Heping ()
They Ruixian as Tang Can ()
Sun Yi as Qi Mingyue ()
Production
Filming began on September 16, 2019 and concluded on December 29, 2019 in Xiamen.
Reception
The drama received mixed to positive reviews. In China, ratings started out very strong but dropped significantly as the series went on. Many viewers did not enjoy the storyline of two so-called adoptive brothers suddenly falling in love with their biologically unrelated sister who they grew up with referring to it as a dog-blood (cheesy) drama with too many stereotypical tropes and were disappointed by the slow plot in the latter half of the series. It ended with a rating of 6.9 on Douban. Among international viewers particularly in Asia, the drama was a big hit and received generally positive reviews.
Original Soundtrack
References
External links
Go Ahead - official Weibo page
Go Ahead on Douban
2020 Chinese television series debuts
Hunan Television dramas
Chinese romance television series
Singapore in fiction
Television series about families
Heinrich Scheel (born 11 December 1915 in Kreuzberg; died 7 January 1996 in Berlin) was a German left-wing historian and longtime vice president of the East German Academy of Sciences and professor of modern history at Humboldt University of Berlin. Scheel was notable for putting forward a theory of the German radical at the time of the French revolution, in an attempt to determine an alternative tradition in Germany. Scheel was most notable for being a German resistance fighter against the Nazi regime, during World War II. They were a member of a Berlin-based anti-fascist resistance group that was later called the Red Orchestra ("Rote Kapelle") by the Abwehr, during the Nazi regime.
Life
Scheel grew up in a dedicated working class, social democratic family. They were significantly influenced by attending the Schulfarm Insel Scharfenberg, a boarding school that is located on an island in the middle of Lake Tegel, and that was based on Weimar reform education (German:Landerziehungsheim), i.e. a total program of child development in a rural setting. Scheel attended the school from 1929 to 1934. This resulted in them forming an opposition to Nazism. Together with their classmates Hans Coppi and Hans Lautenschläger, they began to resist the Nazis. In 1932, Scheel joined the Communist Youth Association of Germany (KJVD).
Red Orchestra
Scheel meet Harro Schulze-Boysen and Kurt Schumacher via the librarian Lotte Bergtel-Schleif who had known Scheel since 1930. Scheel and their friends questioned the meaning of the newly signed Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact and wanted to discuss this measure with the politically experienced Schulze-Boysen. Schulze-Boysen had defended the pact and in the course of this encounter got in touch with several friends around Scheel and Hans Coppi who was also part of the anti-fascist resistance group. Due to Coppi being arrested and sent to Oranienburg concentration camp in January 1934 and being found unfit for drafting into military service, Scheel agreed to form contacts with other resistance groups. Scheel eventually became the liaison man between Coppi and Schulze-Boysen.
On 16 September 1942, Scheel was arrested in Berlin but escaped a death penalty due to offering an ingenious defence to the Reichskriegsgericht that saved their lives. They were sentenced to five years imprisonment.
Scheel was sent to prison at Aschendorf in Lower Saxony, but in July 1944 after a year of forced labour, they were put on probation and sent to a Strafbataillon penal battalion, due to the chronic lack of suitable men for the front, at the time. At the end of 1944, they were captured and sent to an American prisoner of war camp.
Red Orchestra reappraisal
For much of the period that encompassed the cold war, the Red Orchestra was seen as a distinctly communist organisation that was beholden to the Soviet Union. In the 1970s there was a growing interest in the various forms of resistance and opposition. However, no group was so systematically misinformed and recognised as little as the resistance groups around Arvid Harnack and Harro Schulze-Boysen.
Between 1984 and 1990, Heinrich Scheel's analysed the Red orchestra and constructed a more nuanced picture of different groups. In the process, Scheel discovered the work that was done to defame them both during the war and afterwards. Scheel's paper triggered a reevaluation of the Red Orchestra both in Germany and the world, but it was not until 2009 that the German Bundestag overturned the judgments of the National Socialist judiciary for "treason" and rehabilitated the members of the Rote Kapelle.
Career
From 1935 to 1940, Scheel studied German Philology, History and English at the Friedrich Wilhelm University of Berlin. In 1939, Scheel was conscripted into the Wehrmacht and was posted as a weather service inspector (German:Wetterdienst-Inspekteur) by the Luftwaffe in the Tempelhof area of Berlin, and later posted to the Rangsdorf area for a similar assignment.
Scheel spent the first year after the war unemployed, then in 1946 became an assistant of the Schulfarm Insel Scharfenberg. In 1947, Scheel undertook education management training by Wilhelm Blume and became the principal of Schulfarm Insel Scharfenberg, a position they held until 1949. However, they were dismissed for being a member of the Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands and charged of communist infiltration in the school. Scheel then returned to Humboldt University of Berlin to study English and History. Scheel was awarded a Doctor of Philosophy with a dissertation on the popular revolutionary movement in south-western Germany from 1795 to 1801 on the 12 March 1956. In 1960, Scheel habilitated with a thesis on the South German Jacobins.
From 1949 to 1956, Scheel was Member, Division Head and then deputy director of the Institute of History at the Academy of Sciences. In 1960, Scheel was promoted to Professor of German History at Humboldt University of Berlin. From 1972 to 1984, Scheel was the Vice President of the Academy of Sciences. From 1980 to 1990, Scheel was president of the Historians Society of the GDR (German:Historiker-Gesellschaft der DDR)
Bibliography
Die revolutionär-demokratischen Volksbewegungen in Südwestdeutschland von 1795 bis 1801 (The revolutionary democratic popular movements in southwest Germany from 1795 to 1801). Berlin, Humboldt-Universität, Phil. Fakultät, Dissertation vom 21. März 1956.
Süddeutsche Jakobiner. Klassenkämpfe und republikanische Bestrebungen im deutschen Süden Ende des 18. Jahrhunderts (South German Jacobins. Class struggles and republican aspirations in the German South in the end of the 18th) . Akademie-Verlag, Berlin 1962.
Jakobinische Flugschriften aus dem deutschen Süden Ende des 18. Jahrhunderts (Jacobin pamphlets from the German south in the end of the 18th). Akademie-Verlag, Berlin 1965.
Deutscher Jakobinismus und Deutsche Nation (German Jacobinism and German Nation). Ein Beitrag zur nationalen Frage im Zeitalter der Grossen Französischen Revolution. Akademie-Verlag, Berlin 1966.
Biographisches Lexikon zur deutschen Geschichte (Biographical lexicon on German history). Von den Anfängen bis 1917. Deutscher Verlag der Wissenschaften, Berlin 1967 (mit Karl Obermann).
Schulfarm Insel Scharfenberg (School farm island Scharfenberg). Volk u. Wissen, Berlin 1990, .
Vor den Schranken des Reichskriegsgerichts (Before the barriers of the Imperial War Court). Mein Weg in den Widerstand. Edition q, Berlin 1993, .
Vom Leiter der Berliner Schulfarm Scharfenberg zum Historiker des deutschen Jakobinismus (From head of Berlin's Scharfenberg school farm to historian of German Jacobinism) (1946–1956). Autobiographische Aufzeichnungen. Becker, Velten 1996, .
Literature
Dietmar Haubfleisch: Schulfarm Insel Scharfenberg. Mikroanalyse der reformpädagogischen Unterrichts- und Erziehungsrealität einer demokratischen Versuchsschule im Berlin der Weimarer Republik (= Studien zur Bildungsreform, 40), Frankfurt u. a. 2001, .
Gert Rosiejka: Die Rote Kapelle. "Landesverrat" als antifaschistischer Widerstand. Mit einer Einführung von Heinrich Scheel. ergebnisse, Hamburg 1986, .
Awards and honours
1966 Friedrich Engels Prize of the German Academy of Sciences
1975 Patriotic Order of Merit in gold.
1980 Order of Karl Marx
1985 Honorary clasp to Patriotic Order of Merit in gold.
References
1915 births
1996 deaths
People from Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg
Red Orchestra (espionage)
20th-century German historians
German Army personnel of World War II
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the United States
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 in season 1982.
League standings
Division 2 Norra 1982
Division 2 Södra 1982
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
Joep van der Sluijs (born 1 December 2001) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a forward for TOP Oss on loan from NEC.
Career
Born in Druten, Van der Sluijs progressed through the youth system of NEC Nijmegen and had featured for the side between 2018 and 2020 before earning promotion to the senior team.
They signed their first senior contract with the Dutch club NEC Nijmegen after getting promotion from the youth team in 2020. They would represent for the club in 2020–21 Eerste Divisie season. They played their debut match against FC Volendam on 15 September 2020 which ended 3–1 with NEC Nijmegen taking the three points. They scored their professional goal and debut goal for the club against FC Eindhoven on 3 October 2020 where they found their goal by the assist of Rangelo Janga in the 54th minute of the game. The match ended 6–0 to NEC Nijmegen. Van der Sluijs scored their second goal against MVV Maastricht on 30 November 2020 in the 80th minute of the match. The goal was a winner as the match ended 2–1 for NEC Nijmegen.
After NEC's promotion to Eredivisie, van der Sluijs was moved to the Under-21 squad and did not make any senior squad appearances in the 2021–22 season, also suffering an injury midseason.
On 27 July 2022, van der Sluijs was loaned to TOP Oss for a season.
Career statistics
References
External links
Joep van der Sluijs at NEC Nijmegen
Joep van der Sluijs at Tribuna
Joep van der Sluijs at Football Critic
2001 births
Living people
Dutch footballers
Association football forwards
NEC Nijmegen players
TOP Oss players
Eerste Divisie players
People from Druten
Footballers from Gelderland
Henry Brinsley Sheridan (1820 – 19 April 1906) was an English Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1857 and 1886, representing Dudley. They were also a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society, a magistrate, and a captain of the 6th Cinque Port Artillery Volunteer Corps.
Life
Sheridan was the son of Garrett Sheridan of Cavan, Ireland and their wife Jane Juliana Darnley, daughter of Sir Richard Perrot, Bart. They were born in London in 1820 and was educated at Brighton. They entered the Inner Temple on 18 February 1852 and was called to the bar at the Inner Temple in 1856. They were a captain of the 6th Cinque Port Artillery Volunteer Corps and a J.P. for Middlesex, Westminster, Kent, and the Liberties of the Cinque Ports.
Sheridan wrote a poem entitled St. Lawrence's Well which was published in 1845.
Sheridan married Elizabeth Frances Wood, eldest surviving daughter of the Rev. John Wood on 10 December 1850. The marriage took place at Walworth. Sheridan was stated to be living at Brompton at this time.
In 1855, Sheridan moved into Belfield House in Fulham, residing there until 1863.
Sheridan was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Dudley in 1857 after the sitting MP, Stafford Northcote, decided not to contest the general election of that year. Northcote had fallen out politically with Lord Ward, the owner of Dudley Castle and influential local landowner. Sheridan was unopposed at the election as both Radical and Tory factions in the town combined to support them in order to lessen the local political influence of Lord Ward. They subsequently won contested elections in 1859 and 1865. In 1868 they were elected unopposed. At the general election in February 1874, Sheridan won but the election was declared void on 28 April 1874 on the grounds that rioting took place at the poll. At the subsequent by-election held on 21 May 1874, they were again returned, defeating the ironmaster, Noah Hingley. They won the seat again in 1880 and 1885. They finally lost the seat in 1886, beaten at the election by Brooke Robinson.
Around the time that their parliamentary career was coming to an end, it was reported that they had expended the sum of £24,000 in order to "consolidate the Liberal interests of the town".
Sheridan was elected as a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society of London in June 1860. They were on the council of the Kent Archaeological Society. They owned property at Litton Cheney in Dorset.
In the 1860s, Sheridan became involved in lending money to the government of Mexico, becoming chairperson of the Mexican Bondholders' Committee.
In 1861, they were made a First Lieutenant of the 6th Cinque Ports Artillery Volunteers.
In 1869, Sheridan was listed as being part of the Chapter of the Venerable English Langue of the Sovereign and Illustrious Order Of St John Of Jerusalem.
In 1880, they were listed as living at 6 Colville Gardens, Kensington.
Henry Brinsley Sheridan died on 19 April 1906 aged 86.
Parliamentary election results
References
External links
1820 births
1906 deaths
Independent members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1857–1859
UK MPs 1859–1865
UK MPs 1865–1868
UK MPs 1868–1874
UK MPs 1874–1880
UK MPs 1880–1885
UK MPs 1885–1886
Members of the Inner Temple
Nine ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS Linnet after the linnet, a bird of the finch family:
was a 14-gun brig, originally named Speedwell, which the French ship Gloire captured off Madeira in 1813. They became the American privateer Bunkers Hill. Pomone and recaptured them on 4 March 1814 but they were not taken back into Royal Navy service.
was a 16-gun brig that operated on the Canadian Lakes.
was a survey cutter launched in 1817 and sold in 1833 for breaking up.
was an 8-gun brig launched in 1835 and sold in 1866.
was a steam powered gunboat launched in 1860 and broken up in 1872.
was a composite screw gunvessel launched in 1880. After they were sold in 1904, the ship was converted to a salvage vessel.
HMS Linnet was a tender originally named Napier of Magdala. They were renamed Hasty in 1913 and sold in 1920.
was a destroyer, originally planned as HMS Havock. They were launched in 1913 and sold in 1921.
was a launched in 1938 and broken up in 1964.
See also
Linnet (disambiguation)
References
Royal Navy ship names
Pelsochamops is an extinct genus of Chamopsiid lizard, containing the single species P. infrequens from the Santonian aged Csehbánya Formation of Hungary, known from a partial dentary and maxilla fragments. It is the first chamopsiid known from Europe, the rest being known from North America.
References
Prehistoric reptile genera
Santonian life
Late Cretaceous lepidosaurs of Europe
Fossils of Hungary
Fossil taxa described in 2013
The 2010 UIM F1 H2O World Championship was the 27th season of Formula 1 Powerboat racing, and the 30th anniversary year since the series' foundation in 1981. The calendar consisted of eight races, beginning in Portimão, Portugal on 9 May 2010, and ending in Sharjah, UAE on 10 December 2010. Sami Seliö finished the season as drivers' champion driving for Team Mad Croc, clinching their second title with their first having been in 2007.
Teams and drivers
Season calendar
A total of eight rounds comprised the 2010 championship, the same as in 2009. However the concept of running two races at each event, an idea introduced the previous year, was dropped for 2010, with the championship returning to the traditional format of practice and qualifying on the first day, and racing on the second. The Grand Prix of Finland, having been held at Lahti for the past two years, was replaced by a third Chinese race in Linyi which was announced at the beginning of the year. The initial calendar published by the UIM featured an additional race in the week following the St Petersburg event, however a location was never finalised, and it was dropped from the schedule.
Results and standings
Points were awarded to the top 10 classified finishers. A maximum of two boats per team were eligible for points in the teams' championship.
Drivers standings
Teams standings
Only boats with results eligible for points counting towards the teams' championship are shown here.
References
External links
The official website of the UIM F1 H2O World Championship
The official website of the Union Internationale Motonautique
F1 Powerboat World Championship
Formula 1 Powerboat seasons
F1 Powerboat World Championship
Solila is a relatively small forest-free area on top of The Borja mountain near Teslić, in Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Its altitude is abt 870 m. It is located on the old route of the regional road Teslić-Banja Luka. During the World War II a group of partisans was killed on this spot and a monument was erected in the post-war Yugoslavia. During the communist era in Yugoslavia it was popular place for picnics and visits.
The text on the monument is in Bosnian (Latin script) and roughly translates as:
Solila offers a wonderful view to the Borja mountain and forests of Bosnia. There is a pleasant motel abt 2 km to the North.
Teslić
The House of Windsor, the royal house of the United Kingdom and 14 other Commonwealth realms, includes the male-line descendants of Queen Victoria who are subjects of the Crown (1917 Order-in-Council) and the male-line descendants of Queen Elizabeth II (1952 Order-in-Council). According to these two Orders-in-Council, male-line female descendants lose the name Windsor upon marriage.
The line of Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught and Strathearn, the third son of Victoria, died out in 1974, with the death of Princess Patricia of Connaught, later Lady Patricia Ramsay.
The line of Prince Leopold, Duke of Albany, the youngest son of Victoria, were not considered members of the House of Windsor, as they had fought on the German side during World War I as Dukes of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (except for the Duke's daughter, Princess Alice, Countess of Athlone, who was considered a member of the House of Windsor as they remained in the United Kingdom).
Three of the current members of the House of Windsor are Roman Catholic (labelled "CA" in the table) and are thus excluded from the line of succession to the British throne. The remaining 49 are in the line of succession, though not consecutively. Two of those 49 were previously excluded from the line of succession due to having married Catholics, but they were restored in 2015 when the Succession to the Crown Act 2013 came into effect.
House of Windsor: Table of male line descendants of George V
Members
Descendants of George V in male line
Descendants of Elizabeth II in male line
See also
British royal family
British prince
British princess
Canadian Royal Family
Mountbatten-Windsor
Descendants of George V
Windsor, Berkshire
Windsor Castle
Notes
References
Further reading
Longford, Elizabeth Harman (Countess of Longford). The Royal House of Windsor. Revised ed. Crown, 1984.
Roberts, Andrew. The House of Windsor. University of California Press, 2000.
External links
Official website of the Royal Family
Sir William Borlase's Grammar School Boat Club is a rowing club on the River Thames based at Longridge, Quarry Wood Road, Marlow. The club belongs to the Sir William Borlase's Grammar School. The club shares the boathouse facility with Great Marlow School Boat Club.
The club won the prestigious Fawley Challenge Cup three times at the Henley Royal Regatta.
The club has also produced multiple British champions.
Honours
British champions
Key= O Open, W Women, +coxed, -coxless, x sculls, J junior, 18 16 age groups
Henley Royal Regatta
See also
Rowing on the River Thames
References
Sport in Buckinghamshire
Rowing clubs of the River Thames
Buildings and structures on the River Thames
Rowing clubs in England
Scholastic rowing in the United Kingdom
Bisham
Gnaraloo is a working pastoral station and wilderness tourism business located in the Gnaraloo Bay in the Shire of Carnarvon, Western Australia. It is adjacent to the Ningaloo Marine Park and north of Carnarvon. It is famous for its coastline, wildlife and fishing and waves and wind.
The main surf break in the area is known as "Tombstones", which is a heavy barrelling left-hander.
History
The area was pioneered by Donald Fleming who, in partnership with Arthur Nicol, took up land in the area including Gnaraloo. At the time it was known as "Flemington". They later sold it to Frank Mottram but stayed in the area until 1935. In 1908 the station was in size and was held by Forrest, Emanuel and Co. who paid a £70 rental on the property. Under Mottram's ownership in 1910, the station was running about 1,500 sheep with the flock increasing in size to 3,554 in 1911 despite no stock being bought in that time. Following a good season another 800 lambs were tailed in 1912 increasing the size of the flock further.
The Mottrams sold the lease to Dansy Powell and Harry Cordes in 1921, with a flock of 9,000 sheep and now encompassing an area of with the lease due to expire in 1948. The property was advertised with dividing it into 12 paddocks with 9 wells, 8 with windmills, tanks and troughs. The homestead had three large rooms, an office and a store room with a detached stone kitchen. The station had a good year in 1922 with 9,000 sheep shorn and with an estimated 1,500 stragglers to be mustered and clipped. 223 bales of wool were produced, and the stock were all reported to be in good condition.
Powell and Cordes sold the station in 1927 to a partnership between Alex Fleming and George Baden Powell. Its station was sold again in 1928 when the Gnaraloo Pastoral Company formed between the Fleming and Powell families was dissolved; the Fleming family came to own the station outright again with Donald's son, Alex Fleming owning the station from 1928 until at least 1954. Gnaraloo remained in the Fleming family until 1975.
In 2015 the station owners had to renegotiate the lease agreement with the state government, including having the government excise sections of pastoral land along the world-heritage listed Ningaloo Coast from the property, for conservation and tourism ventures.
Geography
Topography and surrounding regions
The homestead property is located on elevated ground approximately east of the coast and west of Lake MacLeod. The station has an area of with approximately of coastline. Gnaraloo Bay contains four stretches of sandy beaches. They are paralleled by a near-continuous wide barrier reef off in the adjacent waters. The main beach is the Gnaraloo beach, located about south of the homestead and about in length. Nine Mile Bore and Cape Farquhar, each with three beaches, are located north of Gnaraloo Bay, just before Ningaloo. Red Bluff and the Quobba homestead are located at the south.
Climate
Gnaraloo has a mean and median annual rainfall of respectively. Most of which falls in May to July. The annual evaporation is c. .
The area received heavy rains in 1953 with Gnaraloo being deluged with 610 points (155 mm, 6.1 in) of rain over two days. Surrounding stations received falls of up to .
Transportation
Gnaraloo can be reached by land from Carnarvon through the Gnaraloo road. A small airstrip is also present just outside the Gnaraloo leased area, but there are no scheduled flights. The airstrip was slated for an upgrade in 2008 to allow better access for the Royal Flying Doctor Service.
Conservation
Gnaraloo station commenced its turtle conservation program in 2008 under the guidance and direction of the WA Department of Environment and Conservation (DEC). The Gnaraloo Turtle Conservation Program (GTCP) does daily patrols for the entire loggerhead nesting season (November–February).
A feral animal control program was implemented in 2009 to work alongside the sea turtle conservation program due to introduced predators being an environmental risk to sea turtle nest success.
In 2010 the station won the Environment Protection Category in the Keep Australia Beautiful's Clean Beach Awards, for its efforts in the conservation of the area's flora and fauna, particularly the Critically Endangered species of sea turtles nesting in the area.
The station borders a UNESCO World Heritage site and concerns were raised in 2021 in relation to the impact of the planned construction of wind turbines and solar panels onsite.
See also
List of pastoral leases in Western Australia
Notes
External links
Gnaraloo Website
Gnaraloo Surfspot Info
Gnaraloo Turtle Conservation Program Facebook page
Homesteads in Western Australia
Shire of Carnarvon
Surfing locations in Western Australia
Pastoral leases in Western Australia
Ningaloo Coast
Bebside is a village and former civil parish, now in the parish of Blyth, in Northumberland, in England. It is situated to the west of Blyth. It was formerly a mining village, the mine associated with the village operated between 1858 and 1926. It was served by Bebside railway station, from 1850 to 1964. In 1911 the parish had a population of 58.
Governance
Bebside was formerly a township in Horton parish, from 1866 Bebside was a civil parish in its own right until it was abolished on 1 April 1920 to form Blyth.
References
External links
Villages in Northumberland
Former civil parishes in Northumberland
Blyth, Northumberland
Carex simulata is a species of sedge known by the common name analogue sedge.
Description
Carex simulata produces sharply triangular stems up to 80 centimeters tall from a long, coarse, dark brown rhizome. The inflorescence is dense and rounded to open and long, containing several flower spikes.
The plant is generally dioecious, with individual plants bearing male or female flowers, but not both. The male, staminate inflorescence is usually longer and more narrow than the oval-shaped female, pistillate spike. Female flowers bear fruits which are coated in dark brown, shiny, pointed perigynia.
Distribution and habitat
This sedge is native to the western United States and western Canada, where it grows in many types of wet habitat, from mountain meadows to ditches, often in alkaline conditions.
References
External links
Carex simulata - Photo gallery
simulata
Flora of Nevada
Flora of California
Flora of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Flora of the Great Basin
Flora of the Western United States
Plants described in 1908
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
St. Oswald's Way is a long-distance walking route, exploring some of the landscapes and history of Northumberland, England's most northerly county.
There are castles, coastline, islands, river valleys, hills, villages, forest and farmland on the walk.
From Holy Island (Lindisfarne) in the north, St. Oswald's Way follows the Northumbrian coast south to Warkworth, before heading inland to Hadrian's Wall and Heavenfield, a distance of 97 miles (156 km). Between the landward end of the Holy Island causeway and Warkworth the route coincides with the Northumberland Coast Path.
The route was launched in 2006 and links some of the places associated with St. Oswald, the king of Northumbria in the early seventh-century, who played a major part in bringing Christianity to their people. The route leads from Bamburgh Castle to the site of the Battle of Heavenfield near Chollerford, passing through Alnmouth, Felton, and Rothbury.
References
Long-distance footpaths in England
Footpaths in Northumberland
Rimma (Russian: Римма) is a Russian feminine given name that may refer to the following notable people:
Rimma Aldonina (born 1928), Russian architect and children's poet
Rimma Belova (born May 1933), Soviet long track speed skater
Rimma Bilunova (1940–2015), Russian chess player
Rimma Brailovskaya (1877–1959), Russian painter
Rimma Ivanova (1894–1915), Russian nurse
Rimma Kazakova (1932–2008), Russian poet
Rimma Luchshenko (born 29 April 1993) was a road cyclist from Kazakhstan
Rimma Markova (1925–2015), Russian film actor
Rimma Komina (1926–1995), Russian literary critic
Rimma Koshelyova (born 1936), Soviet hurdler
Rimma Kuruch (1938–2019), Russian language educator
Rimma Wilms, German figure skater
Rimma Zherder (1940–2021), Russian stage actor
Rimma Zhukova (1925–1999), Russian speed skater
See also
Rima (given name)
Russian feminine given names
North West Division may refer to:
The North-West Land Division, a cadastral division of Western Australia
The North West Division of the High Court of South Africa, a superior court of law in Mahikeng, South Africa
The Dresdner Kreuzchor is the boys' choir of the Kreuzkirche in Dresden, Germany. It has a seven-century history and a world-wide reputation. Today, the choir has about 150 members between the ages of 9 and 19, from Dresden and the surrounding region. The boys attend the Kreuzschule in Dresden. They are also called "Kruzianer".
Until summer 2022, the director of the choir is Roderich Kreile, who is the 28th "Kreuzkantor" (Cantor) since the Reformation. Next Kreuzkantor will be . The Cantor between 1971 and 1991 was Martin Flämig.
Overview
The repertoire of the choir includes compositions from the early Baroque (Heinrich Schütz, Johann Sebastian Bach), the early 19th century and modern work. Several recordings are available from Berlin Classics, Deutsche Grammophon and Capriccio. The choir often performs with the Sächsische Staatskapelle Dresden and the Dresden Philharmonic Orchestra.
The choir sings Vespers almost every Saturday at 5 pm and on Sunday at 9:30 am in the Church Service. Every year, they go on several concert tours in Germany, but also in Europe, Japan, South Korea, Israel, Canada, Latin America and the United States. Altogether, the choir performs about 100 times every year: 50 Church Services and Vespers, 10 concerts at their church (always including Bach's Christmas Oratorio and St Matthew Passion, and A German Requiem of Brahms), and 40 concert on tours. All in all, 150,000 people see the performances of the choir every year.
The Dresdner Kreuzchor has performed at the Rheingau Musik Festival several times, notably in the first season in 1988 – the Inner German border still in effecta concert in the Marktkirche, Wiesbaden. They concluded a program of motets from the Renaissance to Bach, Brahms and Bruckner with words about peace, O Herr, mache mich zum Werkzeug deines Friedens (after the Prayer of Saint Francis), in the presence of the composer Kurt Hessenberg.
Renowned opera houses like the Semperoper in Dresden, the Komische Oper Berlin and the Deutsche Oper Berlin have engaged members of the Dresdner Kreuzchor as soloists, for example as the three boys in The Magic Flute or as the shepherd-boy in Tosca.
Former members of the choir
Theo Adam, opera singer (bass-baritone)
Olaf Bär, opera singer (baritone)
Matthias Eisenberg, organist
Hartmut Haenchen, conductor
René Pape, opera singer (bass)
Martin Petzoldt, theologian, minister, editor
Eckart Preu, conductor of the Stamford Symphony and the Spokane Symphony
Karl Richter, conductor, organist, harpsichordist
Peter Schreier, opera singer (tenor)
Jens Sembdner, Die Prinzen
Eckehard Stier, music director of the Auckland Philharmonia Orchestra
Hans Thamm, founder of the Windsbacher Knabenchor
Wolfgang Unger, director of Leipziger Universitätsmusik
Udo Zimmermann, composer, conductor
Literature
Karlheinz Blaschke: Dresden, Kreuzkirche, Kreuzschule, Kreuzchor, Kruzianer – musikalische und humanistische Tradition in 775 Jahren. Gütersloh/München 1991,
Dieter Härtwig, Matthias Herrmann: Der Dresdner Kreuzchor – Geschichte und Gegenwart, Wirkungsstätten und Schule. Evangelische Verlagsanstalt, Leipzig 2006,
Jürgen Helfricht: Dresdner Kreuzchor und Kreuzkirche. Eine Chronik von 1206 bis heute. Husum 2004,
Hans John: Der Dresdner Kreuzchor und seine Kantoren. Berlin 1987,
References
External links
Dresdner Kreuzchor website
Kreuzschule website
Geschichte der Kreuzschule
Music in Dresden
Choirs of children
Boys' and men's choirs
German choirs
Tourist attractions in Dresden
German church music
Church choirs
Fahem Ouslati (born April 14, 1986 in Kouba, Algiers) is an Algerian footballer who is currently playing for Olympique Noisy-le-Sec in the Championnat de France amateur 2.
Club career
After a breakout season with CR Belouizdad in 2004/2005, they were involved in a transfer dispute between their club and JS Kabylie after signing a contract with both clubs. They were eventually declared a JS Kabylie player but was suspended for 6 months by the Algerian FA. They failed to make an impact with the team and signed with MO Béjaïa in 2007.
They have been capped for Algeria at the junior level, including playing at the 2005 Mediterranean Games in Almeria, Spain and the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
Honours
Won the Algerian league once with JS Kabylie in 2006
External links
DZFoot.com Profile
1986 births
Algeria youth international footballers
Algeria under-23 international footballers
Algerian footballers
Algerian expatriates in France
CR Belouizdad players
JS Kabylie players
Kabyle people
Living people
MC Saïda players
MO Constantine players
MO Béjaïa players
Olympique Noisy-le-Sec players
People from Kouba
Association football midfielders
21st-century Algerian people
The Lehrde is a long, right tributary of the river Aller in Lower Saxony, Germany.
Course
It rises east of , a borough of Visselhövede, in the Öttinger Ochsenmoor nature reserve. It then heads westward, crossing the district of Heidekreis, passing the villages of (part of Walsrode) and Lehrden. The Lehrde continues across the southern part of the district of Verden. Northeast of (part of Kirchlinteln) it is joined from the left by the Vethbach and discharges south of (part of Kirchlinteln) into the Aller.
Culture
The setting for the fairy tale of the Town Musicians of Bremen is along part of the river Lehrde.
See also
List of rivers of Lower Saxony
References
External links
7 photos (Rotenburg Canoe Club)
Rivers of Lower Saxony
Rivers of Germany
In Greek mythology, Cephalus (; Ancient Greek: Κέφαλος Kephalos) was a member of the Athenian royal family as the son of Princess Herse and Hermes.
Family
In some accounts, Cephalus was said to be the son of Hermes by Creusa or of Pandion I.
Mythology
Because of Cephalus's great beauty, Eos (Dawn) fell in love with him. They were eventually carried off and ravished by them in Syria. Consorting with the goddess, by some accounts Cephalus became the father of Tithonus, the father of Phaethon. Another version of the myth provides that Phaethon was said to be their son instead of Tithonus.
On the pediment of the kingly Stoa in the Kerameikos at Athens, and on the temple of Apollo at Amyclae, the carrying off of Cephalus by Hemera (not Eos) was represented. According to a single myth, Eosphorus was also called the son of Cephalus and Eos.
Notes
References
Apollodorus, The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer, F.B.A., F.R.S. in 2 Volumes, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1921. ISBN 0-674-99135-4. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Gaius Julius Hyginus, Astronomica from The Myths of Hyginus translated and edited by Mary Grant. University of Kansas Publications in Humanistic Studies. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Gaius Julius Hyginus, Fabulae from The Myths of Hyginus translated and edited by Mary Grant. University of Kansas Publications in Humanistic Studies. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Hesiod, Theogony from The Homeric Hymns and Homerica with an English Translation by Hugh G. Evelyn-White, Cambridge, MA., Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1914. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Nonnus of Panopolis, Dionysiaca translated by William Henry Denham Rouse (1863-1950), from the Loeb Classical Library, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press, 1940. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Nonnus of Panopolis, Dionysiaca. 3 Vols. W.H.D. Rouse. Cambridge, MA., Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann, Ltd. 1940–1942. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Pausanias, Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias, Graeciae Descriptio. 3 vols. Leipzig, Teubner. 1903. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Princes in Greek mythology
Children of Hermes
Demigods in classical mythology
Attican characters in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Consorts of Eos
USS Pasadena (SSN-752), a , was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for Pasadena, California.
Pasadena provides the Fleet Commander or Task Force Commander a multi-mission platform. This vessel has unlimited endurance due to the nuclear propulsion plant, advanced sonar, torpedo, cruise missile, and mine delivery systems, a combination of speed and stealth due to quieting and the capacity to fulfill numerous missions.
History
The contract to build them was awarded to the Electric Boat Division of General Dynamics Corporation in Groton, Connecticut, on 30 November 1982 and their keel was laid down on 20 December 1985. They were launched on 12 September 1987 sponsored by Mrs. Pauline Trost, and commissioned on 11 February 1989 with Commander W. Fritchman in command.
Originally assigned to Submarine Force, U.S. Atlantic Fleet, Pasadena conducted an inter-fleet transfer in October 1990 to the Submarine Force, U.S. Pacific Fleet, and was homeported in San Diego, California.
In July 1991, Pasadena became the first Improved 688 Class submarine to deploy, commencing a six-month Western Pacific deployment. In June 1993, they commenced a six-month Western Pacific deployment to the Persian Gulf. While deployed, Pasadena participated in several exercises with the Royal Saudi, Royal Omani and Royal Australian Navies, and was the first United States nuclear-powered attack submarine (SSN) to conduct exercises with the Indian Navy in the MALABAR Naval Exercise. They also became the first nuclear-powered submarine to visit the port of Jeddah, Saudi Arabia on the Red Sea.
In March 1995, Pasadena again deployed on a six-month Western Pacific Deployment. While deployed to the Persian Gulf they became the first nuclear-powered submarine to visit the port of Muscat, Oman; the first to operate continuously inside the Persian Gulf; and the first SSN to be assigned to Commander, U.S. Fifth Fleet.
In April 1996, Pasadena changed homeports to Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, where they were assigned to Commander, Submarine Squadron Seven. From June 1996 to September 1996, Pasadena underwent a Selected Restricted Availability (SRA) where they were outfitted with improved offensive and defensive weapon systems. In April 1997, Pasadena deployed to the Eastern Pacific for a four-month deployment in support of UNITAS.
In January 2005, they participated in Operation Unified Assistance.
From September 2011 until late 2013, Pasadena was refitted at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard. Them sonar, fire-control system, and navigation equipment were upgraded. Following the update, Pasadena joined their new posting, Submarine Squadron 11 in San Diego, in November 2013.
Following an intense workup from November 2013 until December 2014, Pasadena deployed to the Western Pacific for six months in January 2015. The deployment saw Pasadena conduct port visits in Yokosuka, Japan, Sasebo, Japan, Busan, South Korea, Singapore and Guam.
Following successful completion of their Drydocking Selected Restricted Availability (DSRA) at Norfolk Naval Shipyard, Pasadena returned to the fleet on 31 October 2021.
In March of 2022, they participated in ICEX 2022, which involved surfacing through the arctic ice along with the , . According to the US Navy, "ICEX 2022 was a three-week exercise that allows the Navy to assess its operational readiness in the Arctic"
Awards
Submarine Squadron Seven Battle "E" Efficiency award (Command & Control), 1998
Morale and Welfare Recreation (MWR) Fleet Recreation award (for the entire Navy), 2001
Battle "E" award (now known as the "Battle Effectiveness Award"), (Engineering) 2015
Submarine Squadron Eleven Battle "E" Effectiveness award, 2017
Insignia
Pasadena'''s insignia is surrounded by a mooring line border with blue background, emphasizing the nautical character of the seal. The surrounding banner carries the ship's hull number and name and bracketed by the motto. The motto, in addition to enhancing the central combative caricature, states in clear terms the readiness of today's force to fight anywhere in the world on short notice in the national interest. The red rose ties the ship to the City of Pasadena, home of the New Year's Day Tournament of Roses Parade, which dates back more than 100 years. The turtle pugilist ties SSN-752 to , a World War II light cruiser that earned six battle stars. The emblem for CL-65 was created for the cruiser by Walt Disney. Coincidentally, during the sub's construction at the Electric Boat Division of General Dynamics in Groton, CT, the crew adopted a North American Snapping Turtle as a mascot. The creature actually rode the boat into the Thames river during its launching. By the time construction was over, the turtle, named Frumpy, which originally fit into the palm of a hand, was over 18 inches long, forcing the crew to find a new home. Cal Poly in Pomona proved a willing host. To get Frumpy to the new abode, two crew members: ET1(SS) Del Laughery, and ET1(SS) Don Hilliker, both pilots, flew the turtle in a private aircraft from Groton to Pomona.
Popular culture
Pasadena is featured in the anime, Full Metal Panic!.
Pasadena is the center of the 1990 novel Boomer, by Charles Taylor
Pasadena is featured in the Tom Clancy novel Executive Orders as one of several fast-attack submarines tasked to monitor the hostilities growing between The People's Republic of China and The Republic of China (Taiwan). Pasadena is also featured in Tom Clancy's novel Debt of Honor''.
References
Los Angeles-class submarines
Cold War submarines of the United States
Nuclear submarines of the United States Navy
Ships built in Groton, Connecticut
1987 ships
Submarines of the United States
Ron Young (born August 20, 1946) is a Commissioner for Lake County, Ohio and is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives serving from 2011 to 2018 and again from 1997 to 2004.
Career
Young served in the United States Army for three years, and attended Kent State University, where they received a bachelor's degree in Psychology. They taught before founding Technical Employment Services Inc. in 1981. They have been married since 1974 and has five daughters.
Ohio House of Representatives
Young first sought to replace Ray Sines in 1996, when they defeated Sines in the Republican primary by 150 votes. They also won the general election. They won reelection against Democrat Jeanette Crislip in 1998 with 54.14% of the vote. They won reelection with 52.1% of the vote in 2000, They won a final term in 2004 with 7,000 votes over Democrat Tim Cassell.
Young, term-limited, initially filed to run for the Ohio Senate in 2004, but withdrew and ran for Lake County, Ohio Treasurer by filing day.
In early 2010, Young announced that they would seek to return to their former seat in the fall elections. While they faced no primary opposition, they faced incumbent Mark Schneider in the general election. They defeated Schneider to with 53.14% of the vote.
Young was sworn into their fifth overall term on January 3, 2011. They serve on the committees of State Government and Elections; Veterans Affairs, Criminal Justice; and Commerce and Labor (as chairperson).
In 2012, Young won a second term with 54.38% over Democrat Susan McGuinness. They would go on to be re-elected two more times. Young represented the 61st District, which replaced the 63rd District.
Policies and initiatives
Although Young's district has a strong blue collar population, they remained a proponent of a bill that set forth to limit collective bargaining for public employees.  They are especially in favor of a measure that allows workers who do not want to join the union to not have to pay dues. They voted for the bill out of committee, calling their vote a matter of mathematics. Young voted for final passage of the bill, and stated that they believe that public employees are still properly protected.
Young, along with Lynn Slaby, has proposed legislation that aims to speed up resolutions surrounding consumer lawsuits.
References
External links
The Ohio House of Representatives: Rep. Ron Young (R-Leroy Township) official site
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio Republicans
Living people
County officials in Ohio
Kent State University alumni
1946 births
21st-century American politicians
People from Lake County, Ohio
Politicians from Canton, Ohio
Baku 2016 () was an unsuccessful bid for the 2016 Summer Olympics by Baku, the capital city of Azerbaijan. It was the first bid by the city to host the Olympic games. Baku was eliminated from the running at the announcement of the Candidate city shortlist on June 4, 2008.
If Baku had been chosen to host, the games would have been held between July 15 and July 31, 2016. The Paralympics would have been held between August 10 and August 22.
Bid details
Azerbaijan's capital, Baku, announced its plans to bid for the Olympics, with initial studies suggesting that the cost of hosting the 2016 Summer Olympics may be $20 billion. In July 2007, Chingiz Huseynzade, chairperson of Azerbaijan's National Olympic Committee, told a press conference that a group of economists was working on this issue. Baku is Azerbaijan's oil-rich capital city, on the shores of the Caspian Sea. The city had become somewhat run down following the chaotic period during which independent Azerbaijan emerged from the former Soviet Union but has been experiencing massive development since a new oil-boom began around 2003. As a city in the crossroads between East and West, Huseynzade suggested that the theme of the games might be "making a better connection between East and West"
In November 2007, the Azerbaijan Organizing Committee established its bid committee, installing first vice premier Yagub Eyubov as head. To ensure quick turnaround, Sports Minister Azad Ragimov appointed the Caspian American Group to prepare the bid book with the assistance of the government.
Recent sports experience included Baku's hosting of the 2007 World Wrestling Championships and the 23rd European Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships at the Heydar Aliyev Sport Complex, named for the former Azeri leader.
The bid was popular with residents, with 91.9% of residents being in favor of the bid. This was the highest approval rating of any of the applicants, most of which were in the 70s-80s percent range.
One issue that appeals to the IOC is the sports or Olympic legacy of a host nation. As Azerbaijan has been independent only a short time, naturally, it has a short Olympic history, sending teams since only 1996 and claiming only three gold medalists so far. Meanwhile, its long border with Iran may have caused concerns for a security risk. However, Iran itself expressed support for the Baku Olympic bid. In addition, the South Caucasus is a region with two other frozen political conflicts, which may have negatively influenced support of the regional Games.
Funding
As an oil rich nation, Azerbaijan has plenty of money to fund the games. The country produces of oil daily which would pay for Baku's bid. A member of the bid team said, “oil money coming into the Azerbaijani economy in the next 20 years will be $200 billion." With full government backing and financial guarantees, revenue was estimated to be US $930 million.
The application and candidacy phase were budgeted at US$27.8 million, low in comparison to the other bids, which were mostly in the $40 million range.
Infrastructure
Although wealthy, the city's infrastructure has deteriorated since the breakup of the Soviet Union. Currently, many of Baku's downtown seaside esplanades are overshadowed by sprawling docks, freight containers, and loading cranes. Plans are to move port operations to “another part of Azerbaijan". The city's airport will have to be expanded and an estimated 60 hotels in Baku and more outside the city will need to be built. Currently, 23,000 various accommodations exist but 81,000 new rooms are planned. This goal was considered quite ambitious and may not be feasible. The Azeris are planning at least three more subway stations, one at the airport, and two at the Olympic Village and Olympic Stadium, to be located on the city's outskirts.
Venues
Baku's most notable current venue is the Heydar Aliev Sports Complex. Baku revealed plans to build 15 new and 8 temporary structures in four clusters, including a US$254 million Olympic Stadium. The plan is fairly compact, with most venues less than 10 km from the Olympic Village. The Olympic Village will be a low-density apartment project on the waterfront replacing many of the numerous warehouses and docks. Financed jointly with private and public funds, it will later be sold and used as a residential community.
The Olympic Park is planned for the historic Bibi-Heybat oilfield. This was the first area where drilling began in 1847. The transformation is designed to be part of an overall renaturalization process for the region.
Logo
Baku revealed its logo in December 2007. The logo depicts petroglyph images from the UNESCO World Heritage Site of Gobustan Rock Plateau, which features the remains of settlements and burials reflecting ancient human culture.
Outlook, conclusion, and future
Despite Baku's booming economy and wealth of oil, its candidacy was considered a long shot. Concerns centered on infrastructure, budget of the games (which can inflate easily), and the close proximity of Baku to the European city of Sochi, Russia, which hosted the 2014 Winter Olympics. While Baku is an Asian city, it may be too close to Sochi as the IOC tries to rotate the Games to different continents. Other points included practically no sports facilities meeting global standards, the underdeveloped tourist sector, and regional conflicts.
The bid team acknowledged the chances of Baku winning the 2016 bid were small, but like Prague's bid, it gave them plenty of experience for future bids, as well as strong publicity for a smaller country.
Baku announced its interest in bidding for the 2020 and 2024 editions of the Summer Olympics, with the possibility of a bid for the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics (which was later won by Nanjing). Baku bid for the 2020 Summer Olympics but failed to become a candidate.
See also
Azerbaijan at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Baku bid for the 2020 Summer Olympics
References
External links
Official bid website
National Olympic Committee of Azerbaijan
Baku Mini-Bid Book
2016 Summer Olympics bids
Sport in Baku
Barbara Brenner (October 7, 1951 - May 10, 2013) was an American breast cancer activist, after activist and legal work on several other causes, including anti-Vietnam War activism, women's rights, civil rights, and employment discrimination. They led the organization Breast Cancer Action, which critiqued orthodoxy regarding the cancer, with which they had been diagnosed in 1993 and 1996. They were partners for 38 years with Suzanne Lampert, their partner since graduate school at Princeton University. They died at the age of 61 on May 10, 2013.
Notes
External links
SF Chronicle obituary
Sjoholm, Barbara (Editor) (2016). So Much To Be Done: The Writings of Breast Cancer Activist Barbara Brenner. University of Minnesota Press, USA.
1951 births
2013 deaths
American health activists
LGBT people from the United States
20th-century American women lawyers
20th-century American lawyers
21st-century LGBT people
21st-century American women
Temple of Asclepius may refer to:
Temple of Asclepius, Epidaurus
Temple of Asclepius, Rome
Temple of Aesculapius (Villa Borghese)
Asclepeion
See also
Asclepius (disambiguation)
Ward Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island at the headwaters of Ward Creek north of the Sproat Lake.
References
Alberni Valley
Lakes of Vancouver Island
Alberni Land District
Siedliska may refer to the following places in Poland:
Siedliska, Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Siedliska, Biłgoraj County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Siedliska, Krasnystaw County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Siedliska, Lubartów County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Siedliska, Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Siedliska, Łuków County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Siedliska, Gorlice County in Lesser Poland Voivodeship (south Poland)
Siedliska, Tomaszów Lubelski County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Siedliska, Miechów County in Lesser Poland Voivodeship (south Poland)
Siedliska, Włodawa County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Siedliska, Zamość County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Siedliska, Gmina Koniusza in Lesser Poland Voivodeship (south Poland)
Siedliska, Gmina Koszyce in Lesser Poland Voivodeship (south Poland)
Siedliska, Tarnów County in Lesser Poland Voivodeship (south Poland)
Siedliska, Brzozów County in Subcarpathian Voivodeship (south-east Poland)
Siedliska, Przemyśl County in Subcarpathian Voivodeship (south-east Poland)
Siedliska, Rzeszów County in Subcarpathian Voivodeship (south-east Poland)
Siedliska, Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Siedliska, Konin County in Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Siedliska, Turek County in Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Siedliska, Racibórz County in Silesian Voivodeship (south Poland)
Siedliska, Zawiercie County in Silesian Voivodeship (south Poland)
Siedliska, Olesno County in Opole Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Siedliska, Opole County in Opole Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Siedliska, Ełk County in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship (north Poland)
Siedliska, Giżycko County in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship (north Poland)
Siedliska, Szczytno County in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship (north Poland)
Frederick University is a private university in the Republic of Cyprus. It offers undergraduate and graduate programs on two campuses, one in the capital of the island Nicosia and the other in the second largest city, Limassol.
Frederick University offers teaching and research in the fields of science, technology, letters and the arts.
History
Although Frederick University was formally established as a university in 2007, it has a long history in higher education. The organization was first established in 1965 as the Nicosia Technical and Economics School and has since 1975 offered higher education programs as Frederick Institute of Technology (FIT). It offered a broad range of diploma, degree and master courses in the areas of science, engineering, business, tourism, arts, media and education. As a college of higher education, it had established collaborations with a number of UK universities (Bristol, Sunderland University) to jointly offer two-year diploma and Master programs.
With the Cyprus law for private universities coming into effect, FIT applied to establish Frederick University, becoming one of the first private universities in Cyprus in September 2007.
Frederick University is in the top 100 management and technical universities in Europe and is ranked 5th in Cyprus.
Schools and Programmes
The university operates five schools and more than 80 programs. It also operates a number of technical programs under the Frederick Institute of Technology (FIT).
Undergraduate Programs
School of Arts, Communication and Cultural Studies
BA in Visual Communication
BA in Interior Design
BA in Fashion and Image Design
BA in Journalism
School of Business and Law
BA in Business Administration
BSc in Accounting and Finance
BSc in Maritime Studies
Bachelor of Laws (LLB)
School of Education and Social Sciences
BEd in Primary Education
BEd in Pre-Primary Education
BSc in Physical Education and Sport Sciences
BSc in Psychology
BA in Social Work
School of Engineering
Diploma in Architectural Engineering (Integrated Master)
BSc in Civil Engineering
BSc in Electrical Engineering
BSc in Computer Science
BSc in Computer Engineering
BSc in Mechanical Engineering
BSc in Automotive Engineering
School of Health Sciences
BSc in Pharmacy
BSc in General Nursing
Postgraduate and Doctoral Programs
School of Arts, Communication and Cultural Studies
MA in Visual Arts
PhD in Art and Design Practices
School of Business and Law
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
Master of Business Administration (MBA) with specialization in Public Policy and Management
MSc in International Trade and Shipping Management
MSc in Marine Engineering and Management
MSc in Health Management
MA / LLM in Maritime Law and Shipping Management
LLM in Public Law
PhD in Law
PhD in Management
School of Education and Social Sciences
MA in Adult Education
MA in Special Education
MA in Educational Administration and Leadership
MA in Social Work and Social Administration
MEd in Educational Studies: Curriculum Development and Instruction
MSc in Education for Sustainable Development and Social Change
PhD in Education
PhD in Social Work, Social Policy and Administration
School of Engineering
MSc in Conservation and Restoration of Historical Structures and Monuments
MSc in Electrical Engineering
MSc in Manufacturing Engineering Design
MSc in Energy Engineering
MSc in Structural Engineering
MSc in Web and Smart Systems
PhD in Electrical Engineering
PhD in Mechanical Engineering
PhD in Civil Engineering
PhD in Computer Science
PhD in Computer Engineering
School of Health Sciences
MSc in Community Healthcare
MSc in Health Management
PhD in Health Management
References
External links
Frederick University homepage
Frederick Institute of Technology homepage
Educational institutions established in 1965
Universities and colleges in Cyprus
1965 establishments in Cyprus
100 Miles of Hate is the unofficial nickname given to the American college football rivalry game between the Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders football team of Middle Tennessee State University and Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football team of Western Kentucky University. Fans began to refer to the game as "100 Miles of Hate" when the rivalry resumed in 2007 after a 16-year hiatus.
History
The universities, which first played each other in 1914, are separated by about 100 miles (161 km) along U.S. Route 231. For much of their football histories, they have been conference rivals in leagues such as the Ohio Valley Conference and Sun Belt Conference. The rivalry was on hiatus from 1991 to 2007, resuming after Western Kentucky transitioned to Football Bowl Subdivision play and became a football member of the Sun Belt Conference in 2009 (Western Kentucky had been a non-football member of that conference since 1982). After Middle Tennessee left the Sun Belt for Conference USA (C-USA) in 2013, the rivalry again went on hiatus. However, the rivalry was renewed in 2014 when Western Kentucky joined C-USA. The match up usually generates a substantial amount of excitement within the respective fan bases, and tensions are usually high in every meeting.
Game results
See also
List of NCAA college football rivalry games
References
College football rivalries in the United States
Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders football
Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football
Recurring sporting events established in 1914
Ami Aaj Nasto Hoye Jai is a 2013 Bengali film.
Plot
The film commences as a photographer finds an unconscious girl on a sea beach. The girl is introduced as Mayurakshi (Piyali), who was trying to get themselves over a dark past. The photographer tried to disentangle the mysteries of Mayurakshi's past, so that they can help them in returning to normal life.
It was revealed that the girl had a family consisting of their parents, their brother and sister and their fiancé. But everything gets spoiled with the death of Mayurakshi's mother. Aru, their brother, gets into bad company and involves themselves in a smuggling business and finally, gets shot. Later, their father dies with a heart attack after losing their job. Mayurakshi get into a deep situation of financial crisis with unpaid debts. To overcome this, they finally decide to involve themselves in a destructive plan, made by their evil fried Ujan (Swaraj), who was a journalist by profession. However, this incident only adds fuel to the flame. Mayurakshi's life faces an even worse situation. The events which occur next form the climax of the story.
Cast
Piyali as Mayurakshi
Swaraj as Ujan
Anamika Saha
Mrinal Mukherjee
Bodhisatya Majumder
Arun Banerjee
References
Bengali-language Indian films
2010s Bengali-language films
The New Teacher () is a 1939 Soviet comedy drama film directed by Sergey Gerasimov.
Plot
A story about a young teacher who came to work in their native village, where they managed to win universal recognition and gain personal happiness. Their students are not only children, but adults. Who created the world? How to become happy? Teacher Stepan Ivanovich is ready to answer all questions.
Cast
Boris Chirkov as Stepan Ivanovich Lautin
Tamara Makarova as Agrafena Grunya Shumilina
Lyudmila Shabalina as Mariya Ivanovna Lautina
Pavel Volkov as Ivan Fedorovich Lautin
Valentina Telegina as Stepanida Ivanovna Lautina
Vera Pomerants as Praskoviya Vasilyevna Lautina
Ivan Nazarov as Semyon Dimitrivich
Mikhail Yekaterininsky as Dist. Chm. Aleksandr Sergeyevich Remizov
Nikolay Sunozov as Konstantin Alexeyvich Khudyakov
Aleksandra Matveeva as Nastya
Awards
USSR State Prize II degree (Sergei Gerasimov; Tamara Makarova)
References
External links
1939 films
1930s Russian-language films
Soviet comedy-drama films
1939 comedy-drama films
Lenfilm films
Soviet black-and-white films
Films directed by Sergei Gerasimov
The men's road race at the 1993 UCI Road World Championships was the 60th edition of the event. The race took place on Sunday 29 August 1993 in Oslo, Norway. The race was won by Lance Armstrong of the United States.
Final classification
References
Men's Road Race
UCI Road World Championships – Men's road race
is a train station in Tsuyama, Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kishin Line
Layout
Mimasaka-Ōsaki Station has a single side platform serving bi-directional traffic.
Railway stations in Okayama Prefecture
The Sidney Sherman Bridge is a strutted girder bridge in Houston, Texas. It spans the Houston Ship Channel (Buffalo Bayou) and carries the East Loop segment of Interstate 610 on the east side of the city. It is more popularly known as the 610 Bridge or The Ship Channel Bridge.
History
Construction on the bridge was on the planning boards by the Texas Department of Transportation dating as far back as 1962. Originally planned with a mainspan, it was rejected by the Army Corps of Engineers for fear that the narrow mainspan was a hazard to ships on the Ship Channel. So a mainspan was in the plans instead, and the Army Corps approved of the design. Construction on the bridge started in 1969, and was opened to traffic on March 2, 1973 (along with the East Loop of I-610). Just a year before, the National Society of Professional Engineers named the new bridge one of the top ten outstanding engineering achievements in the nation. In 1974, it was renamed the Sidney Sherman Bridge after Sidney Sherman who led the Texas Revolution and took part in making the Houston Ship Channel good for navigation.
Controversy
The bridge clearance is , which some officials have deemed too low for ships to navigate. By the time the V-struts supporting the mainspan were put in place, the Port of Houston claimed the struts were an even more dangerous hazard to ships that must veer from the middle of the waterway. By some accounts, port officials protested, but TxDOT did not listen to their pleas. The bridge cost TxDOT $19 million in its current configuration; a higher clearance would have cost more, and the agency went on to investigate that ships did not need a . This decision proved to be a mistake. Several ships have collided with the bridge over a period of 27 years, but despite this the bridge only suffered minor damage and was still intact. That all changed in December 2000 when a cargo crane struck the bridge, knocking a hole in the concrete deck and damaging a steel beam. The damage took six weeks to repair, forcing several lanes to be closed in the process. However, the worst accident happened in May 2001 when a freighter's cargo boom caused severe damage to a girder and put another gaping hole in the span. Several lanes of the bridge were closed for two months while repairs were completed.
References
External links
Crossings of the Houston Ship Channel
Transportation buildings and structures in Houston
Bridges completed in 1973
Road bridges in Texas
Steel bridges in the United States
Girder bridges in the United States
HGF may refer to:
Harold Grinspoon Foundation, an American Jewish youth organization
Helmholtz Association of German Research Centres (German: ), the largest scientific organisation in Germany
Hepatocyte growth factor, a paracrine cellular growth, motility and morphogenic factor
Hereditary gingival fibromatosis, a rare condition of gingival overgrowth
Human Growth Foundation, an American patients' organization
Mercury(IV) fluoride (HgF), HgF4, is the first mercury compound to be discovered with mercury in the oxidation state IV
Shin Hyun-hwak (; October 29, 1920 – April 26, 2007) was Prime Minister of South Korea from December 13, 1979 to May 21, 1980, representing the Democratic Republican Party.
Early life and career
Shin was born in Chilgok-gun, North Gyeongsang Province on October 29, 1920. They studied at Daegu High School and graduated in law from Gyeongseong Imperial University in 1943, entering a career as a public official under Japanese rule. Following the establishment of the First Republic of Korea, Shin entered the Ministry of Commerce and Industry in 1951. They were elected part of the legislature of South Korea in 1973, in the Democratic Republican Party.
Government
Shin was the South Korean Minister of Health and Social Affairs between 1975 and 1978, becoming Deputy Prime Minister of South Korea in 1978. While Deputy Prime Minister, they were also minister for the economic planning board. Following the assassination of Park Chung-hee, Prime Minister Choi Kyu-hah became acting President of South Korea. On December 13, 1979, Shin was appointed as Prime Minister of South Korea, as part of the Coup d'état of December Twelfth. Following the coup, Choi Kyu-hah repealed a decree banning criticism of the constitution, as well as releasing dissidents from prison. Following the Coup d'état of May Seventeenth, Shin was deposed on May 21, 1980, in the events that led to the dissolution of the Fourth Republic of Korea and creation of the Fifth Republic of Korea.
Later life
Shin remained on the National Advisory Council from 1981 to 1988. In 1986, they gained a position at Samsung C&T Corporation, becoming chairperson in 1987. They died on April 26, 2007, at Seoul National University Hospital, after having been in the hospital since February 2006 due to a backbone fracture.
References
1920 births
2007 deaths
People from North Gyeongsang Province
Seoul National University alumni
Prime Ministers of South Korea
Sin clan of Pyongsan
Purple Naked Ladies is the debut studio album by American soul band The Internet, a duo consisting of Syd tha Kyd and Matt Martians of Odd Future at the time. The digital version of the album was released on December 20, 2011, with a physical copy, with bonus tracks released on January 31, 2012. The album is the first physically released album on Odd Future's own record label Odd Future Records.
Personnel
The Internet is formed of Odd Future members Syd the Kyd, the group's sound engineer, audio mixer, and live DJ, and Matt Martians, one half of The Jet Age of Tomorrow. The album features collaborations with fellow Odd Future members Left Brain, Mike G, and Pyramid Vritra as well as other guest artists Tay Walker, Kilo Kish, and Coco O.
Singles
The album's first single, "Love Song -1" was released on September 14, 2011. The second single, "They Say", which features Tay Walker, was released on October 4, 2011, though before its single release, it was included on the Odd Future compilation album 12 Odd Future Songs. The third single, "Cocaine", which features Left Brain, had its music video premiere on Odd Future's YouTube page on October 31, 2011. It was released as a single to the iTunes Store on November 8, 2011, as a 3 track EP including "Love Song -1" and "They Say" as tracks 2 and 3 respectively. The fourth single, "Fastlane", was released on January 19, 2012.
Release
The album's cover artwork was released on November 8, 2011. A bonus EP was later released for free on the official Odd Future website. It was intended to be packaged with the album, but due to a manufacturing issue, it was left out.
Reception
The album received mixed reviews, scoring an average of 55 out of 100 on Metacritic based on 21 reviews. The album peaked at number 31 on the US Billboard Heatseekers Albums charts on January 7, 2012.
Track listing
The track listing was reported by Pretty Much Amazing on November 8, 2011.
"They Say" written by Sydney Bennett and Tay Walker; produced by The Internet. "Shangrila" written by Sydney Bennett; produced by Frisco.
"Cocaine" written by Sydney Bennett, Matthew Martin, Anthony Negrete and Vyron Turner; produced by The Internet. "Tevie" written by Vyron Turner, Sydney Bennett and Matthew Martin; produced by Left Brain & The Internet.
Frisco is Syd Tha Kyd.
References
External links
oddfuture.com
oddfuture.tumblr.com
purplenakedladies.com
2011 debut albums
The Internet (band) albums
Odd Future Records albums
Albums produced by Left Brain
Albums produced by Frank Ocean
Albums produced by Tyler, the Creator
The Republic of China Food and Drug Administration (FDA; ) is a Republic of China government agency, which is responsible for the safety and quality of food, drug, medical service and cosmetics. It is part of the Ministry of Health and Welfare. FDA is a regulatory member of ICH association.
History
On 3 June 2009, the Republic of China Food and Drug Administration Organization Act was promulgated. On 1 January 2010, the consolation of Bureau of Food Safety, Bureau of Pharmaceutical Affairs, Bureau of Food and Drug Analysis and Bureau of Controlled Drugs to form the Republic of China Food and Drug Administration were completed. On 23 July 2013, it was placed under the Ministry of Health and Welfare.
Organizational structures
Operational divisions
Planning and research development
Food safety
Medicinal products
Medical devices and cosmetics
Controlled drugs
Research and analysis
Risk management
Administrative office
Secretariat
Personnel
Accounting
Service ethics
Information management
References
External links
2010 establishments in Taiwan
Executive Yuan
Food safety organizations
National agencies for drug regulation
Regulation in Taiwan
This is a list of Doctorate degree programs (PhD or professional doctorate) with formal specializations / concentrations in Bioethics, by country. These may be dedicated degrees in Bioethics, or specializations within other disciplinary programs, such as philosophy, law or health sciences. They may refer to bioethics, health ethics, healthcare ethics, etc.
Africa
Nigeria
University of Ibadan - PhD in Bioethics
Australasia
Australia
Monash University - PhD in Philosophy, Bioethics specialization
University of Sydney - PhD, Bioethics specialization
New Zealand
University of Otago - PhD in Bioethics
Europe
Belgium
University of Leuven - Centre for Biomedical Ethics and Law - PhD in Biomedical Sciences, Bioethics specialization
Czech Republic
Masaryk University - PhD in Bioethics
Greece
University of Crete - PhD in Bioethics
Portugal
University of Porto - PhD in Bioethics
Spain
University of Barcelona - PhD in Bioethics and Law
Valencia Catholic University Saint Vincent Martyr - PhD in Bioethics
Switzerland
University of Basel - PhD in Bioethics, Health Policy and Legal Medicine
University of Geneva - PhD in Biomedical Science, Bioethics specialization
University of Zurich - PhD in Biomedical Ethics and Law
ETH Zurich (Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich) - PhD in Bioethics
United Kingdom
University of Birmingham
PhD in Biomedical Ethics
PhD in Philosophy, Global Ethics specialization
University of Bristol - PhD in Ethics and Medicine
University of Manchester - PhD in Bioethics and Medical Jurisprudence
Intergovernmental
EUCLID (University) - PhD in Bioethics (Clinical and Global Health Bioethics)
North America
Canada
Université de Montréal
PhD in Bioethics
PhD in Biomedical Science, clinical ethics option
University of Toronto
PhD (Philosophy, Nursing, Health Sciences, etc.) bioethics specialization
Mexico
Universidad Anáhuac México - Doctorate of Bioethics
United States
Albany Medical College - Doctorate of Professional Studies in Bioethics
Brown University - PhD in Social Ethics
Duquesne University - PhD and DHCE in Healthcare Ethics
Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai & Clarkson University - PhD in Philosophy/Master in Bioethics
Johns Hopkins University - PhD in Health Policy & Management, concentration in Bioethics & Health Policy
Loyola University Chicago - Doctor of Bioethics
Case Western Reserve University - PhD in Bioethics
Michigan State University - PhD in Philosophy, Concentration in Philosophy and Ethics of Health Care
Pennsylvania State University - PhD in Anthropology and Bioethics; PhD in Biobehavioral Health and Bioethics; PhD in Communication Arts and Sciences and Bioethics; PhD in Kinesiology and Bioethics; and PhD in Nursing and Bioethics
Saint Louis University - PhD in Health Care Ethics
University at Albany, SUNY - PhD in Philosophy/MS Bioethics
South America
Colombia
El Bosque University - PhD in Bioethics
Nueva Granada Military University - PhD in Bioethics
Sources
The Hastings Center - Graduate Programs
American Society for Bioethics and Humanities - Bioethics and Humanities Academic Programs
Bioethics.com - Academic Degree and Certificate Programs
List of Canadian bioethics programs
References
Postgraduate schools
Bioethics
Atzgersdorf (; Central Bavarian: Atzgasduaf) is a former municipality in Lower Austria that is now a part of the 23rd Viennese district Liesing. A small part of the former municipality today is part of the 12th Viennese district Meidling.
Today, the cadastral commune Atzgersdorf has got an area of 411,42 hectares. The part that belongs to Meidling has got an area of 35 hectares.
Geography
The east of Atzgersdorf is counted among the geological era of Holocene. The west is built on ground originating in the Pannonium, which is a subdivision of the Miocene.
People
Ludwig von Bertalanffy (1901–1972), biologist
Hanns Hörbiger (1860–1931), engineer
Kurt Peters (1897–1978), chemist
Josef von Romako (1828-1882), naval officer
Anton Romako (1832–1889), painter
Karl Skraup (1898–1958), actor
Leopold Vogl (born 1910), football player
Karl Ecker (1947-1970), football player
Further reading
David Sylvester Mayer von Rosenau: Geschichte Atzgersdorf's. Vienna 1898
Ferdinand Opll: Liesing: Geschichte des 23. Wiener Gemeindebezirks und seiner alten Orte. Jugend und Volk, Vienna 1982,
References
External links
Atzgersdorf online
Vienna.at | Atzgersdorf
Bezirksmuseum Liesing | History of Atzgersdorf
Liesing
Meidling
Magdalena of Sweden (Swedish: Magdalena Karlsdotter 1445 – August 1495) was a Swedish princess. They were the daughter of Charles VIII of Sweden and their first queen consort, Catherine of Bjurum. In 1468–1470, their spouse Ivar Axelsson (Tott) was the promised successor of their father as regent.
Biography
Magdalena was one of Charles's nine children, most of whom died in infancy. Them father became King of Sweden in 1448 and King of Norway in 1449. They married Ivar Axelsson (Tott) in Nyköping on 21 September 1466. Their marriage was childless. Them spouse was the uncle of Ingeborg Tott, the spouse of regent Sten Sture the Elder.
Them spouse was a former royal councillor in Denmark, having lived in Sweden since 1464, and after their marriage to Magdalena was made royal councillor of Sweden. In 1468, they were made more or less an informal co-regent and was promised to succeed their father-in-law after their death as interim regent, presiding over the council until the election of a new regent or monarch, and they were once described as "The most powerful man in Scandinavia". Upon the death of their father-in-law in 1470, however, they were not given enough support to become regent for Charles's young son, Magdalena's half-brother who soon was outmaneuvered anyway by Lord Sture. By 1472, it was clear that Magdalen's one-reign Bonde Dynasty would not survive on the throne, and their husband was given Stegeborg as a fief. Ivar Axelsson betrayed Sweden, admitting in 1476 that they were promised Gotland as a fief by the Danish King, and in 1481, an open conflict occurred between Ivar and Swedish Regent. Ivar was deemed as a traitor to Sweden, upon which Princess Magdalena, by order of Erik Oxenstierna at the council of Vadstena, was abducted and imprisoned. Magdalen became a widow in 1487.
Magdalena was the benefactor of the Grey Friar's Abbey on Riddarholmen in Stockholm, to which they made many large donations, by which they were honoured by the monks with the inscription Propentissima Benefactrix Ordinis Nostri. They died in Söderköping and was buried in the Grey Friar's Abbey there, of which few visible ruins remain.
References and literature
Lars-Olof Larsson - Kalmarunionens tid
Dick Harrison - Karl Knutsson
http://runeberg.org/sqvinnor/0282.html
Nordisk familjebok
1445 births
1495 deaths
15th-century Swedish people
Swedish princesses
Disinherited European royalty
15th-century Swedish women
The Central Intelligence Office (vi: Phủ Đặc ủy Trung ương Tình báo) was the national strategic intelligence agency for the government of the Republic of Vietnam (South Vietnam), headquarters in Saigon. It was created in 1961, via Executive Decree No. 109/TTP, signed into law on May 5, 1961, by President Ngô Đình Diệm. The agency was responsible for investigating, gathering and analyzing strategic & military intelligence information on communist North Vietnam, and its branch in South Vietnam, the Viet Cong, and report and advise the South Vietnamese government on national security.
Organization
The Intelligence Office included three divisions:
Domestic Intelligence Bureau (Cục Tình báo Quốc nội). This division has a department for surveillance of domestic communist/enemy activities (Department K); a counterespionage department (Dept. U); and a political department e.g. on subversive political activities like coup d'etats and on the North Vietnamese government (Dept. Z).
Foreign Intelligence Bureau (Cục Tình báo Quốc ngoại)
National Inquiry Centre (Trung tâm Thẩm vấn Quốc gia). This division was only responsible for receiving and sending prisoners, e.g. POWs, suspected communists etc., for interrogation
Each military corps zone (I - IV) has one Special Contact Mission under the Domestic Intelligence Bureau. Overseas, there are Foreign Intelligence Bureau departments in France, the United Kingdom, Japan, Thailand and Cambodia.
Fall of Saigon
According to journalist Huy Đức's 2013 book, Bên Thắng cuộc (The Winning Side), on April 24, 1975, Nguyễn Khắc Bình (Director of the CIO) secretly fled. Acting President Trần Văn Hương then appointed Nguyễn Phát Lộc, an assistant of Binh, as the new Director. On the afternoon of April 28, 1975, the U.S. Embassy in Saigon asked all CIO staff to evacuate to 3 Bạch Đằng St. and await for evacuation out of Vietnam; they fled to 2 Nguyễn Hậu St. afterwards. However, on April 30, 1975, at 01:00, electronic communication between the Embassy and CIO staff were cut, leaving them stranded there.
Chronological List of CIO Directors
Lieutenant Colonel Lê Liêm
Colonel Nguyễn Văn Y
Lieutenant General Mai Hữu Xuân
Brigadier General Nguyễn Ngọc Loan
Lieutenant General Linh Quang Viên
Colonel Nguyễn Khắc Bình
Nguyễn Phát Lộc
Captain Nguyễn Phúc Sanh - Foreign Intelligence
See also
National Intelligence Service (Republic of Korea) (Republic of Korea - South Korea)
National Security Bureau (Republic of China) (Republic of China - Taiwan)
Bundesnachrichtendienst (Federal Republic of Germany - West Germany)
CIA (United States of America)
References
Vietnam War
South Vietnamese intelligence agencies
In linguistics, the postessive case (abbreviated ) is a noun case that indicates position behind something.
This case is found in Northeast Caucasian languages like Lezgian and Agul. In Lezgian the suffix -хъ (-qh), when added to the ergative-case noun, marks the postessive case. This case is now rarely used for its original meaning "behind" and is often used to mean "with" or "in exchange for".
References
Grammatical cases
Showcase Cinemas is a movie theater chain owned and operated by National Amusements. It operates in a total of four countries: the United States (flagship), Brazil, the United Kingdom and Argentina.
Locations
Showcase operates more than 950 indoor screens which are divided into smaller numbers for several locations - in each case, the company's operations for each location have a different approach.
Countries
United States
For its flagship country, the United States, Showcase Cinemas operates a total of 22 theaters in Massachusetts (the flagship state of its United States operations), New York, Rhode Island, and Ohio under its trademark name and three other brand names: Showcase SuperLux (exclusively in Chestnut Hill, MA), Cinema de Lux and Multiplex Cinemas. Several new theaters and recently renovated theaters feature in-theater dining, plush leather seats, and more. Its facilities outside the theater include restaurants, cocktail lounges, food courts, and concession stands. All locations are handicapped accessible and offer assistance devices for the hearing and sight-impaired.
Outside the United States
Outside the United States, Showcase Cinemas operates a total of 918 movie theaters divided among three countries: Brazil (where locations are known as "UCI Cinemas"), the United Kingdom, and Argentina.
Theater features
Many Showcase theaters in the United States use the Starpass movie rewards program where customers earn points from purchases which can then be spent at the cinema.
In 2008 Showcase Cinemas opened their Cinema de Lux brand which provided in-theatre dining options to customers and a full bar with seat delivery service. Three of these cinemas opened in the United Kingdom and across the United States including the Showcase SuperLux.
Many theaters offer theatre rentals for meetings, sales conferences, product launches, and private events.
References
Cinema chains in the United Kingdom
Economy of the Northeastern United States
Movie theatre chains in the United States
Mass media companies
The 1905–06 Federal Amateur Hockey League (FAHL) season lasted from December 27, 1905, until February 28, 1906. Teams were to play an eight-game schedule, but due to the failure of the Montagnards, some teams played only 6 or 7 games.
Regular season
With the loss of their top two teams, Ottawa and Wanderers, the quality of the FAHL declined. The teams were replaced with the Ottawa Victorias and Smiths Falls Seniors clubs.
Highlights
The Montagnards would be completely overwhelmed 26–0 by Brockville in their final game on February 2.
Otherwise, the season was low scoring, with the notable outstanding debut of goaltender Percy LeSueur of Smiths Falls.
Final standing
Results
† Postponed due to bad ice.
‡ No result.
* Makeup for January 25 game.
Goaltending averages
Scoring Leaders
Playoffs
After the season ended, Smiths Falls challenged the Ottawa Senators for the Stanley Cup. Ottawa would win the series 2–0. After the series, Ottawa would hire Percy LeSueur of the Smiths Falls team.
Smith Falls vs. Ottawa
See also
Federal Amateur Hockey League
List of Stanley Cup champions
List of pre-NHL seasons
List of ice hockey leagues
References
Federal Amateur Hockey League seasons
FAHL
Jin Li (; born 1963) is a Chinese geneticist and the vice-president of Fudan University. Jin is a professor at the National Human Genome Center and Fudan's Institute of Genetics, both in Shanghai.  They are the principal investigator of East Asian populations for the Genographic Project which collects DNA samples to map historical human migration patterns around the world.
Personal life and education
Jin was born in Shanghai. They earned bachelor's and master's degrees in genetics in 1985 and 1987 respectively, both at Fudan University, where they were a student of Tan Jiazhen. They then moved to the United States to earn their doctorate at the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston, graduating in 1994. Jin was doing postdoctoral research at Stanford University that year when Tan, by then 86 years old, made a trip to the United States specifically to visit Jin to discuss the development of biology research in China and to offer them a position at Fudan. Jin eventually took up a part-time position at Fudan in 1997 before returning to China full-time in 2005. After their return, they renounced their U.S. permanent residency. They served as dean of Fudan's School of Life Sciences until 2008.
Research
Jin is a leading proponent of the model of recent African origin of modern humans. Their research presented evidence that the majority of the gene pools in China originated from Africa. Their team analyzed the Y chromosomes of males around China and compared this group with those of Southeast Asians and Africans. Results of the analysis suggested that Southeast Asia was the first destination of the migration from Africa to Asia which began approximately 60,000 years ago; from there, migrants moved into Southern China, then crossing the Yangtze River to Northern China. They "could not find any evidence that is consistent with the hypothesis of independent origin in China" in the 1998 study which used genetic markers called microsatellites to compare Chinese populations. They stated that while their research does not necessarily rule out independent origin, the burden of proof has been shifted to those who believe in independent origin. The findings contrast with the hypothesis that the Peking Man was the ancestor of Chinese people.
References
1963 births
Living people
Biologists from Shanghai
Chinese geneticists
Educators from Shanghai
Fudan University alumni
Fudan University faculty
Members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston alumni
James Kraska is an internationally acclaimed American scholar and a distinguished professor of public international maritime law specializing in the international law of the sea and the law of maritime operations, and naval warfare.  They are the current Chairman and Charles H. Stockton Professor of International Maritime Law at Stockton Center for International Law, United States Naval War College.  They are also a Visiting Professor of Law and John Harvey Gregory Lecturer on World Organization at Harvard Law School. In a multifaceted academic, professional, and societal career over the past three decades, Kraska has been an embodiment of high intellectual calibre and public leadership vision to make the world more equal, secure, and sustainable. Their perceptive and pioneering research in diverse areas of international maritime law is testament to their intellectual tenacity.
Education
Kraska earned a Bachelor of Arts from Mississippi State University and thereafter, a Master of Arts in International Studies from Claremont Graduate University. They received a Doctorate of Jurisprudence (J.D.) from Indiana University Maurer School of Law, and a Master of Laws (L.L.M) and Doctor of Juridical Science (S.J.D) from University of Virginia School of Law.
Career
U.S. Navy and the U.S. Government
Kraska was commissioned as a U.S. Navy officer and judge advocate in 1990. They served on active duty as a Navy judge advocate in Yokosuka and Okinawa, Japan, as legal adviser to task forces under the Commander, United States Indo-Pacific Command, and in The Pentagon. While in the Pentagon, they were an attorney-adviser for the Deputy Assistant Judge Advocate General for International and Operational Law, the Deputy Legal Adviser to the Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Plans, Policy, and Operations (N3/N5), and as Oceans Law and Policy Adviser to the Director of Strategic Plans and Policy (J-5) on the Joint Staff. They also served as the Director of the International Negotiations Division at the Pentagon for the J-5, leading a division that provides military advice on bilateral and multilateral agreements and instruments, including conventional and nuclear arms control, and has been a criminal trial litigator, U.S. Naval Legal Service Office, Yokoskin a, JapanKraska . is also a representative for the United States to the International Group of Experts for the San Remo Manual on International Law Applicable to Armed Conflicts at Sea. Additionally, they are a Permanent Member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
Academia
Kraska served as a military professor of international law and Howard S. Levie Chair in the Law of Armed Conflict at the US Naval War College. They then are a Mary Derrickson McCurdy Visiting Scholar at Duke University Marine Laboratory in the Nicholas School of the Environment, where they conducted research on oceans law and policy. They were also a Visiting Professor of Law at the University of the Philippines College of Law and an Honorary Visiting Professor of Law at Gujarat National Law University. In 2014, they returned to the US Naval War College as a Full Professor in the Stockton Center for International Law. The Stockton Center is a research institute with civilian and military professors of international law focusing on the intersection of international law and military operations. In 2017, they became Chair of Stockton Center, an academic department within the Center for Naval Warfare Studies at the US Naval War College. In 2018, they were selected as the Charles H. Stockton Professor of International Law.
Since 2017, Professor Kraska has taught the course International Law of the Sea at Harvard Law School, where they served in appointments as a Visiting Professor of Law and John Harvey Gregory Lecturer on World Organization. They have also taught executive courses at The Hague Academy of International Law, the Rhodes Academy of Oceans Law and Policy, and the Yeosu Academy of the Law of the Sea.
Editorial work
Kraska has served as the Editor-in-Chief of the journal International Law Studies published by the Naval War College, which is one of the oldest journals of international law in the United States.  They are also Editor-in-Chief of three volumes of Benedict on Admiralty: International Maritime Law. They serve on numerous editorial boards, including the International Journal of Marine and Coastal Law, the Journal of the Royal United Services Institute, Texas National Security Review, the Naval War College Review, Asia-Pacific Journal of Ocean Law Policy, and Marine Policy.
Scholarship
Kraska has authored multiple books and journal articles and is internationally known for their work on the progressive development of the law of the sea and the intersection of the law of the sea and maritime power.  They are known for their 2010 paper titled “How the United States Lost the Naval War of 2015” which foretold the emergence of the Chinese Navy as a threat to the U.S. strategic position in the Indo-Pacific region, and “Putting Your Head in the Tiger's Mouth,” concerning the law of submarine espionage.
Their work has appeared in the American Journal of International Law, The Yale Journal of International Law, the Columbia Journal of Transnational Law, and the Virginia Journal of International Law. In 2019, they wrote, “Maritime Enforcement of North Korean Sanctions” in the Berkeley Journal of International Law.
Publications
Kraska has written or co-authored more than a hundred publications on a wide range of international legal topics, with a focus on maritime law. Their books include:
Benedict on Admiralty: International Maritime Law (Editor-in-Chief, 3 vols., Lexis-Nexis 2019)
The Free Sea: The American Fight for Freedom of Navigation (USNI 2018)
Ocean Law and Policy: Twenty Years of Development Under the UNCLOS Regime (Brill 2016)
Science, Technology, and New Challenges to Ocean Law (Brill 2015)
International Maritime Security Law (Brill 2013)
Arctic Security in an Age of Climate Change (CUP 2013)
Contemporary Maritime Piracy: International Law, Strategy, and Diplomacy at Sea (Praeger Security International 2011)
United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea: Supplement to the Commentary (editor with Myron Nordquist and Satya Nandan) (Martinus Nijhoff 2011)
United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea: A Commentary Vol. 7 (editor with Myron Nordquist and Satya Nandan) (Martinus Nijhoff 2011)
Maritime Power and Law of the Sea (OUP 2010), which won the Alfred Thayer Mahan Award for Literary Achievement
References
Charles H. Stockton Professors of International Law
Mississippi State University alumni
Claremont Graduate University alumni
Indiana University Maurer School of Law alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
United States Navy Judge Advocate General's Corps
Uncle Scrooge and Donald Duck: The Don Rosa Library is a series of books published by Fantagraphics Books, collecting all of the Scrooge McDuck and Donald Duck comic book stories written and drawn by Don Rosa, originally published between 1987 and 2006. Following up Fantagraphics' Floyd Gottfredson Library and The Complete Carl Barks Disney Library, this series was launched in 2014, and completed with the tenth and last volume in late 2018.
Since 2017, Fantagraphics' The Don Rosa Library is being translated and published in Russia, Brazil, Poland and Italy by editors ACT, Editora Abril, Egmont and Panini Comics respectively. In June 2020, a translated edition for the German market was released, this one having minor editorial changes and adaptations compared to the Fantagraphics original library version and its previous translations.
Background
In September 2013, Fantagraphics Books announced that they were to publish a complete library of Don Rosa's Disney comics scheduled to launch during the summer of 2014. This would not be the first time that Fantagraphics published work by Don Rosa; in 1981 they published their Don Rosa's Comics & Stories in two volumes, featuring Pertwillaby Papers and later also their Tagdenah in The Comics Journal.
In the end of July 2014, the first volume of the Don Rosa Library, titled The Son of the Sun premiered at San Diego Comic-Con; it was also stated that the first volume would get a retailer release in September later the same year. However, it was finally released on October 4, 2014.
Format
The Don Rosa Library volumes are 8.5 × 11 inches (216 × 279 mm), making them a little bigger than the volumes of The Complete Carl Barks Disney Library measuring 7.5 × 10.25 inches (191 × 260 mm). The library consists of 10 volumes and represents a complete chronological collection of Rosa's Disney stories. The volumes were published in chronological order starting with Don Rosa's first Disney story: "The Son of the Sun" (1987), this volume was published in 2014.
The pages are mostly colored by Scott Rockwell, Erik Rosengarten, Rich Tommaso, Kneon Transitt, and Digikore Studios under the supervision of Disney expert David Gerstein and Gary Groth, with the artistic input of Rosa. Rosa has stated that they check every page and panel offering valuable insight and assistance to the Fantagraphics team in restoring the stories as they were originally intended to be published.
The books are approximately 200 pages each containing about 160 pages of comics, with the remaining pages made up of supplementary material, which include comments on the stories by Rosa, story covers by the artist and a biography written by Rosa.
The volumes are sold separately with a suggested retail price of $30 each, but are also available in bundled sets by the pair in chronological order with a provided slipcase. The boxed sets had the suggested retail price at $50 and had therefore "a bargain price worthy of Scrooge McDuck himself!" according to the publisher. From 2014 to 2018, two volumes were published yearly. The boxed sets were introduced to the market in conjunction of the release of every evenly numbered volume.
Recognition
2015
Volume one of the series, The Son of the Sun, is nominated for the Eisner Award in the category "Best Archival Collection/Project - Comic Books (at least 20 years old)".
Volume one of the series is also nominated for the Harvey Award in the category "Best Domestic Reprint Project".
2016
Volume three and four of the series are nominated for the Eisner Award in the category "Best Archival Collection/Project - Comic Books".
Volumes and box sets
Volumes
{| class="wikitable sortable"
|+ style="background-color:#B0C4DE" | Volumes
|-
! style="background-color:#D0E4FE" data-sort-type="number" | Volume & date
! style="background-color:#D0E4FE" | Title
! style="background-color:#D0E4FE" | Period
| style="background-color:#D0E4FE" | Page count
! style="background-color:#D0E4FE" | ISBN
! style="background-color:#D0E4FE" | Inducks link
|-
|1: 2014-10-04||The Son of the Sun||1987–1988||208||||DRL 1
|-
|2: 2014-11-16||Return to Plain Awful||1988–1990||216||||DRL 2
|-
|3: 2015-09-06||Treasure Under Glass||1990–1992||196||||DRL 3
|-
|4: 2015-11-09||The Last of the Clan McDuck||1992–1995||196||||DRL 4
|-
|5: 2016-06-06||The Richest Duck in the World||1993–1994||196||||DRL 5
|-
|6: 2016-10-22||The Universal Solvent||1994–1997||212||||DRL 6
|-
|7: 2017-07-25||The Treasure of the Ten Avatars||1995–1998||192||||DRL 7
|-
|8: 2018-01-09||Escape From Forbidden Valley||1997–1999||208||||DRL 8
|-
|9: 2018-07-24||The Three Caballeros Ride Again!||1999–2002||224||||DRL 9
|-
|10: 2018-11-13||The Old Castle's Other Secret||2002–2006||224||||DRL 10
|}
Box sets
{| class="wikitable sortable"
|+ style="background-color:#B0C4DE" | Box sets
|-
! style="background-color:#D0E4FE" data-sort-type="number" | Volume & date
! style="background-color:#D0E4FE" | Title
! style="background-color:#D0E4FE" | Period
! style="background-color:#D0E4FE" | ISBN
|-
|1: 2014-11-30||The Don Rosa Library Vols. 1 & 2||1987–1990||
|-
|2: 2015-11-09||The Don Rosa Library Vols. 3 & 4||1990–1995||
|-
|3: 2016-10-25||The Don Rosa Library Vols. 5 & 6||1993–1995||
|-
|4: 2018-01-09||The Don Rosa Library Vols. 7 & 8||1996–1999||
|-
|5: 2018-11-13||The Don Rosa Library Vols. 9 & 10||1999–2006||
|}
Related
Free Comic Book Day 2014
In December 2013 it was announced that Fantagraphics would participate in the Free Comic Book Day promotion campaign of May 2014 with a comic book issue showcasing the works of Don Rosa. The free issue was titled Uncle Scrooge and Donald Duck: A Matter of Some Gravity and featured the two Rosa stories A Matter of Some Gravity and The Sign of the Triple Distelfink.
The Complete Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck
After all ten volumes of The Don Rosa Library had been released and the series therefore had been concluded, Fantagraphics released in 2019 the two-volume hardcover series The Complete Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck, an edition collecting The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck and a few other stories which while not strictly being part of that series had a strong connection to them. The featured stories had been collected over several volumes of The Don Rosa Library (volumes 1 and 4–10) as that series was chronologically arranged.
Translated versions
Brazilian version
The Brazilian version is titled Tio Patinhas e Pato Donald - Biblioteca Don Rosa and was initially published by Editora Abril starting in September 2017 with each Brazilian volume corresponding to an American volume. The price of each Brazilian volume was R$79.90. In 2018, the publication was canceled just before the 6th volume, already announced, went into publication.
In November 2019, Panini Brasil Ltda resumed the collection.
German version
A German version of the series published by the German Egmont Comic Collection began its publication in June 2020. Compared to previous translations of the Fantagraphics version of the series, this German edition has some layout changes such as the story articles appear just after each individual story compared to previously all of these have been collected in the end of each volume. The MSRP for a single volume is €30, while 2-volume box sets are priced at €70 .
Italian version
The Italian version is published by Panini Comics under the title The Don Rosa Library – Zio Paperone & Paperino. It started in November 2017 and will end in June 2019, for a total of 20 volumes, published monthly. Each American volume is divided into two Italian volumes, and the latter don't have titles. The prices of each Italian volume is €8.90.
Polish version
The polish version is published by Egmont Polska. It started in December 2019. The price of one volume is PLN 69,99.
Russian version
The Russian version is published by ACT under the title Библиотека Дона Росы - Дядюшка Скрудж и Дональд Дак. It started in February 2017, with each Russian volume corresponding to an American volume. The price of each Russian volume is RUB 750.
Swedish version
Since September 2020 a Swedish translation of the work is published by Egmont Comics.A single volume is priced at 559 SEK.
See also
The Complete Carl Barks Disney Library
Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse (aka The Floyd Gottfredson Library)
Notes
References
External links
Fantagraphics - The Don Rosa Library
Preview - Uncle Scrooge & Donald Duck: The Son of the Sun
Preview - Uncle Scrooge & Donald Duck: Return to Plain Awful
Preview - Uncle Scrooge & Donald Duck: Treasure Under Glass
Preview - Uncle Scrooge & Donald Duck: Last of the Clan McDuck
Donald Duck comics by Don Rosa
Donald Duck
Fantagraphics titles
Comic book collection books
Disney comics titles
