Sego was a US meal replacement diet drink formally marketed by Pet, Inc. (at the time Pet Milk) as Sego Liquid Diet Food. Introduced in 1961 and selling for approximately US25¢ each, Sego sales registered US$22 million to the company's Milk Products Division by 1965.
The name Sego derived from a Salt Lake City-based company, Sego Milk Products Company, that Pet Milk had purchased in 1925.
Sold in 10-ounce cans, before the advent of aluminum cans or cans with pull tabs, the beverages were available in flavors including Chocolate, Chocolate Coconut, Chocolate Malt, Vanilla, Strawberry, Banana and Orange—each providing 225 calories (four cans to be consumed daily, for a total of 900 calories). Marketed under the taglines "See the pounds go with Sego" and "Sego, it's great for your ego," Pet advertised the drinks being "thicker" and as having 10% more protein and 2 more ounces than other 900 calorie foods—e.g., Metrecal, its predecessor in the market and the market leader—asserting that protein "helps control hunger." In 1966, milk chocolate, caramel fudge and butter pecan flavors became available, and Pet Milk subsequently offered Sego branded pudding and soup—and, later still, diet bars.
By 1961, there were more than 100 meal replacement products on the U.S. market, and Sego competed with such products as Metrecal, and Figurines from Pillsbury, and was ultimately superseded in the marketplace by such liquid diet drinks as Slimfast.
In the 2010 book The Hundred Year Diet, author Susan Yager called Sego "baby formula mixed with water and a poor substitute for food."
Actress Tippi Hedren was discovered by Alfred Hitchcock while shooting a television commercial for Sego on the Today Show. Hedren later described the spot as "a story line; it wasn't just holding up a product and talking about it. It was a story and apparently they (Hitchcock) saw it."
See also
Slimfast
Metrecal
References
Products introduced in 1961
Brand name diet products
Non-alcoholic drinks
The Athenian Mercury, or The Athenian Gazette, or The Question Project, or The Casuistical Mercury, was a periodical written by The Athenian Society and published in London twice weekly between 17 March 1690 (i.e. 1691 Gregorian calendar) and 14 June 1697. John Dunton was the editor-in-chief. A spin-off of The Athenian Mercury, The Ladies' Mercury, was also published by The Athenian Society, in 1693, for four weeks. It was the first periodical that catered specifically to women readers.
Title
The magazine was first called The Athenian Gazette or The Casuistical Mercury when it was first printed. Dunton explains in their autobiography Life and Errors they had an inspiration for the title one day while they were walking home that they would "not exchange for 50 guineas." They continue that a reader of their magazine need only consult Acts 17:21 to see the reasoning behind the title.
After the first issue was published, concerns were raised about Dunton's use of the word "Gazette", to which the 25-year-old London Gazette could be considered to have prior claim; in response, Dunton changed "Gazette" to "Mercury".
Advice column
Scholars credit Dunton with initiating the advice column format. It was first used in The Athenian Mercury in 1691. They formed a "society of experts", which they called The Athenian Society, to give their knowledgeable advice on questions submitted by the magazine's readers. The magazine had an announcement at the end encouraging readers to send in their questions, All Persons whatever may be resolved gratis in any Question that their own satisfaction or curiosity shall prompt 'em to, if they send their Questions by a Penny Post letter to Mr. Smith at their Coffee-house in Stocks Market in the Poultry, where orders are given for the reception of such Letters, and care shall be taken for their Resolution by the next Weekly Paper after their sending. The "most nice and curious questions" ran from natural sciences to religion to literature to politics. During the lifetime of the magazine "the experts" grappled with thousands of questions. The readers submitted questions like:
Were there any men before Adam?
Is there an impartial and true history of the world?
How can a man know when they dream or when they are really awake?
Dunton's "question-answer project", as they referred to their new format, needed people to help publish it. The first person that partnered with them was Richard Sault, a mathematics teacher. Sault understood the philosophy of Nicolas Malebranche and could convey it to Dunton. The first two issues of the magazine were composed and published by these two only. The "surprising and unthought of" magazine's style produced a response of hundreds of letters of inquiries. The Athenian Gazette, as these first two issues were called, produced such a large readership that an increase in their Society membership of "experts" was required.
The next person to join the "secret" society of the Athenians was one Dr. Norris (likely the physician Edward Norris, the fifth son of Thomas Norris of Lancashire) who devoted their assistance without any compensation or recognition. As readership increased and the amount of inquiries became overwhelming, they added another member, Dunton's brother-in-law the poet Reverend Samuel Wesley. The Society consisted of these four real members and several fictional members.
Because Dunton's "answers to correspondents" were "universally received" their "Children of the Brain" were being plagiarized by a copycat publication called The Lacedemonian Mercury. They fought this with advertising that said any queries that they had replied to should be resubmitted to their magazine for amendments. Dunton referred to Tom Brown, chief editor of The Lacedemonian Mercury, as "the chief Antagonist."
Some of the people who read the advice column in The Athenian Mercury, and sometimes submitted questions and comments of their own, according to Dunton, were Sir William Temple (pertaining to Talismans, amongst other things), Jonathan Swift, Marquess of Halifax, Sir Thomas Pope Blount, Sir William Hedges, and Sir Peter Pett.
Related contemporary texts
Periodicals
Dunton was surprised one day early on into their "question project" with a letter that came from a "gentle-woman" who wish to know if ladies could submit inquiries also. They assured them that their questions would be seriously considered, as on 23 May 1691 The Athenian Mercury printed the "gentle-woman's" questions. One thing lead to another and on 28 February 1693 The Ladies' Mercury, a spin-off, started its own publication, a periodical exclusively for women.
Dunton followed in 1703 with a collection of the questions and answers from The Athenian Mercury called the Athenian Oracle. The concept of questions submitted by readers of a periodical and free "expert advice" given was then followed by writer Daniel Defoe with their Review in 1704, followed by The little Review. Then in 1708 came The British Apollo.
Satire
A comical representation of the Athenian Society written by Elkanah Settle, published in 1693 and titled New Athenian Comedy, satirizes the mythical members of the Athenian Society and plays fun at the premises of the Athenian Mercury.
Historiographical approach
The Athenian Mercury is approached by most scholars in the context of Dunton's life. Additionally, analysis of the questions in the Athenian Mercury has been focused on the political and scientific content portrayed by the authors. Though this approach is useful, the Athenian Mercury can also be analysed in the context of gender representation due to the number of questions about courtship and gender relations. Helen Berry, in their book Gender, Society and Print Culture in Late-Stuart England: The Cultural World of the Athenian Mercury, focuses more on the 30% of questions that are directly related to gender issues, a subject first broached by Kathryn Shevelow in Women and Print Culture: The Construction of Femininity in the Early Periodical.
Footnotes
References
Berry, Helen M., Gender, society, and print culture in late Stuart England / The Cultural World of the Athenian Mercury, Ashgate Publishing, Ltd., 2003,
Dunton, John & National Art Library (Great Britain) et al., The life and errors of John Dunton, citizen of London, J. Nichols, son, and Bentley, 1818
Gudelunas, David, Confidential to America: newspaper advice columns and sexual education, Aldine Transaction, 2007,
Locher, Miriam A., Advice online: advice-giving in an American Internet health column, John Benjamins Publishing Company, 2006,
External links
Downloadable scan of Vol. 2 from the Internet Archive.
Defunct newspapers published in the United Kingdom
Publications established in 1690
1690 establishments in England
1697 disestablishments in England
Cionus tuberculosus, is a species of weevil native to Europe. The species was first described by Giovanni Antonio Scopoli in 1763.
Distribution and habitat
The species can be found in Europe. Observations on the platform INaturalist spread as far north as Stockholm, Denmark, and Liverpool. The eastern end are the Ural Mountains. The southern edge lies in southern France and the Po Valley. The western edge lies in Cornwall and Brittany.
The habitat is tied to the presence of figworts, which are ponds, streams or hedge banks.
Naming
In German the common name is "Dunkler Braunwurzschaber" (dark figworts scraper), which highlights the species preference for "Braunwurzgewächse" (the figwort family Scrophulariaceae) or "Braunwurzen" (figworts, the genus Scrophularia). The prefix "dark" distinguishes it from the "Weißschildiger Braunwurzschaber" (white-shielded figworts scraper), the Cionus scrophulariae (figwort weevil).
References
Curculioninae
Taxa named by Giovanni Antonio Scopoli
Beetles described in 1763
Beetles of Europe
The 2022 Kansas Jayhawks football team represents the University of Kansas in the 2022 NCAA Division I FBS football season. It is the Jayhawks 133rd season. The Jayhawks play their home games at David Booth Kansas Memorial Stadium in Lawrence, Kansas, and compete in the Big 12 Conference. They are led by second-year head coach Lance Leipold. The Jayhawks enter the season looking to end a 44-game losing streak to teams ranked in the AP Poll and qualify for a bowl game for the first time since the 2008 season.
The Jayhawks won their first two games to start the season 2–0 for the first time since 2011. With a win over West Virginia on September 10, the Jayhawks had their first conference opening victory since they defeated Iowa State in 2009. The following week after defeating Houston, the Jayhawks began the season with a 3–0 record, which is their best start since the 2009 season. In the poll released on September 18, the Jayhawks received votes to be ranked for the first time since the 2009 season. Following career highs in yards (324) and passing touchdowns (4) against Duke on September 23, some websites began calling junior quarterback Jalon Daniels a candidate for the Heisman Trophy.
Offseason
Coaching staff changes
Starters lost
Overall, the Jayhawks had 25 players run out of eligibility. Below are the starters from 2021 who have run out of eligibility. Starters are based on players who started the final game of the 2021 season. Sixteen of 25 starters, including special teams, will return.
Recruiting
The Jayhawks have 8 commitments for their 2021 recruiting class. Below is the breakdown. Rankings are as of May 18, 2022.
Overall class ranking
Highest rated recruit
|}
Notable transfers
Incoming
Outgoing
Big 12 media poll
The preseason poll was released in July 7, 2022. Kansas was picked last in the conference for the 12th consecutive season. First place votes are in parentheses.
Schedule
Roster
Coaching staff
Game summaries
Tennessee Tech
The Jayhawks hosted the Golden Eagles to open the season. After forcing a 3-and-out on defense to start the game, the Jayhawks only took 1:53 to score their first touchdown of the season. Following another 3-and-out from the defense, the Jayhawks would score again. Kansas would score 3 touchdowns before allowing one themselves. They would score 35 unanswered points before allowing another touchdown after the Jayhawks had pulled their starters out of the game. They would defeat Tennessee Tech 56-10 for their largest margin of victory since 2016 when they defeated Rhode Island 55–6.
at West Virginia
In the Jayhawks opening conference game, they began the game with a 14–0 deficit before scoring their first touchdown. West Virginia would respond with their own touchdown to take the 21–7 lead. Kansas would then go on a 35–10 run to take a 42–31 lead. The Mountaineers responded with a 11–0 run to tie the game and send it to overtime. The Jayhawks would strike first in overtime on offense. On the Mountaineers drive in overtime, Kansas cornerback Cobee Bryant intercepted J. T. Daniels pass and returned 86 yards for a touchdown to win 55–42. The win gave the Jayhawks a 2–0 record for the first time since 2011 and gave KU their first conference opener win since 2009.
at Houston
In the Jayhawks first game against future Big 12 Conference opponent Houston since the 2005 Fort Worth Bowl, the Jayhawks began the game with a 14–0 deficit. The Jayhawks quickly rallied back, however, scoring 28 unanswered points to go into halftime 28–14. A lightning delay in the 2nd quarter caused halftime to be shortened to 15 minutes. Houston would go on a 10 play, 4:23 long drive for a touchdown to cut the lead to 28–21, but after a 6 minute, 75 yard drive for a touchdown the Kansas defense would force a turnover, a strip sack on Houston quarterback Clayton Tune, and on the ensuing drive the Jayhawks offense would put Kansas back up 42–21. Two Jacob Borcila field goals would field goals would put Kansas up by 18 late in the game, 48–30, giving Kansas their first back-to-back road victories since 2007, and their first 3–0 start since 2009.
Duke
In a battle of unbeaten teams more known for their basketball programs, the Jayhawks took the early lead in front of their capacity sellout crowd. The teams would trade touchdowns including a 73-yard touchdown reception from Daniel Hishaw Jr., who would break multiple tackles on their way to the end zone. The Jayhawks would never trail in the game. Despite a late score from Duke, Kansas held on to win 35–27. Kansas quarterback Jalon Daniels would set career highs with 324 passing yards and 4 touchdowns with only 4 incompletions. The win moved Kansas to 4–0 for the first time since 2009 and would make them two wins away from being bowl eligible for the first time since 2008.
Iowa State
References
Kansas
Kansas Jayhawks football seasons
Kansas Jayhawks football
2013 ACC Tournament may refer to:
2013 ACC men's basketball tournament
2013 ACC women's basketball tournament
2013 ACC Men's Soccer Tournament
2013 ACC Women's Soccer Tournament
2013 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
2013 Atlantic Coast Conference Softball Tournament
Italy participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2017 which took place on 26 November 2016 in Tbilisi, Georgia. The Italian broadcaster Rai Gulp, which is a channel owned by Radiotelevisione Italiana (RAI), was responsible for organising their entry for the contest. Maria Iside Fiore was internally selected to represent Italy with the song "Scelgo (My Choice)".
Background
Prior to the 2017 Contest, Italy had participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest three times since its debut in , having won the contest on their first appearance with the song "Tu primo grande amore", performed by Vincenzo Cantiello.
Before Junior Eurovision
The Italian broadcaster announced on 26 June 2017, that they would be participating at the contest which takes place on 26 November 2017, in Tbilisi, Georgia. The method for selecting their entrant and song was done internally by the national broadcaster, RAI. On 4 October 2017, it was announced that Maria Iside Fiore would be representing Italy at the contest with the song "Scelgo (My Choice)".
Artist and song information
Maria Iside Fiore
Maria Iside Fiore (born 10 October 2004) is an Italian singer. They represented Italy at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2017 in Tbilisi, Georgia, on 26 November 2017 with the song "Scelgo".
Scelgo
"Scelgo (My Choice)" is a song by Italian singer Maria Iside Fiore. It represented Italy during the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2017.
At Junior Eurovision
During the opening ceremony and the running order draw which took place on 20 November 2017, Italy was drawn to perform sixteenth (last) on 26 November 2017, following Australia.
Voting
Detailed voting results
References
Italy
Junior
Junior Eurovision Song Contest
Nectarinia is a genus of birds in the sunbird family, Nectariniidae. What species belong to it has been highly contentious for many decades. Towards the late 20th century, the dominant trend was to use it to group all "typical" sunbirds. More recently taxonomists have divided the Nectarinia into eight genera which are now considered distinct from Nectarinia: Leptocoma, Anabathmis, Chalcomitra, Cinnyris, Cyanomitra, Dreptes, Anthobaphes, and Drepanorhynchus.
The genus now contains six species:
Bocage's sunbird, Nectarinia bocagii
Purple-breasted sunbird, Nectarinia purpureiventris
Tacazze sunbird, Nectarinia tacazze
Bronzy sunbird, Nectarinia kilimensis
Malachite sunbird, Nectarinia famosa
Scarlet-tufted sunbird, Nectarinia johnstoni
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
André Lavagne (12 July 1913 – 21 March 2014) was a French composer. They mostly worked on short movies, such as: L'amour maternel chez les animaux (1944) and Un amour de parapluie (1951). They were born in Paris. Lavagne died from natural causes on 21 March 2014 in Paris. They were 100 years old.
References
External links
1913 births
2014 deaths
French centenarians
20th-century French composers
Musicians from Paris
Conservatoire de Paris alumni
Prix de Rome for composition
Commandeurs of the Légion d'honneur
French film score composers
French male film score composers
20th-century French male musicians
Men centenarians
Diogo da Costa Silva (born 11 January 1995) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Gil Vicente as a defender.
Professional career
Silva is a youth producto of Brazil, and began their career in the academies of Diadema, Corinthians, and Flamengo before playing professionally in the second and third division of Brazil. Silva made their professional debut with Londrina in a 3-0 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B win over Paraná on 31 July 2019. On 21 September 2020, Silva signed a contract with in the Portuguese Primeira Liga.
External links
Fora de Jogo Profile
References
1995 births
Living people
Footballers from São Paulo
Brazilian footballers
Association football defenders
Maringá Futebol Clube players
Londrina Esporte Clube players
Ypiranga Futebol Clube players
Gil Vicente F.C. players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Primeira Liga players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriates in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Prokofi Akinfiyevich Demidov (1710–1786) was a Russian industrialist and philanthropist.
The eldest son of Akinfiy Demidov, Prokofi inherited the enormous Demidov family fortune on their father's death in 1745. They gave freely to charitable works, founding an orphanage and a scientific institute in Moscow and a school of commerce in Saint Petersburg, as well as financing the opera in Saint Petersburg and hundreds of people's schools and philanthropic institutions across Russia.
Their eccentricities were famous and, because they thought they had been deceived by British merchants during a stay in England, one day they bought all the available hemp to "teach the English a lesson". Even so, they managed to increase the family fortune so that, on their death, they owned 55 foundries and metallurgical factories. Their tomb is in the Donskoy Monastery.
Demidov was interested in botany, wrote a treatise on bees, collected a herbarium, and had a number of birds caged in their house. A catalogue of their plants was prepared by Peter Simon Pallas. Their manuscript of Kirsha Danilov's folk songs is preserved in the Russian National Library.
They married firstly Matryona Antipovna Pastukhova (1711-1764) and secondly Tatyana Vasilievna Semyonova (1746-1800). They had nine children with the first wife and three children with the second wife. Their children that lived to adults were:
Lev Prokofievich Demidov (1738-1801); married Avdotya Vasilievna Molchanova, had issue (11 children).
Akaki Prokofievich Demidov (1740-1811); married three times: Anna Demidova; Alexandra Ivanovna Alfimova (five children) and Anna Vasilievna.
Anna Prokofievna Demidova (1751-1828); married Danila Danilovich Zemskoy, had issue (three children).
Ammos Prokofievich Demidov (1753-1806); married Anna Nikiforovna Vyazemskaya, had issue (five children).
Nastasya Prokofievna Demidova (1754-1777); married Sergei Kirillovich Stanislavsky (1721-1776). No issue.
Natalya Prokofievna Demidova (1765-1783); married?
Anastasia Prokofievna Demidova (1768-1802); married Mark Ivanovich Khozikov, had issue (four children).
Matrjona Prokofievna Demidova (- c. 1784); married Grigory Ivanovich Shchepochkin, had issue (seven children).
References
1710 births
1786 deaths
18th-century businesspeople of the Russian Empire
Prokofi
Place of birth missing
18th-century philanthropists
Shaun Garin Vandiver (born June 15, 1968) is a retired American college and professional basketball player and currently an assistant basketball coach for the University of Wyoming. Vandiver served as the head basketball coach at Emporia State University from 2011 to 2018. Born in Chicago, the Bolingbrook, Illinois native was selected 25th overall in the 1991 NBA Draft, from Hutchinson Community College and the University of Colorado Boulder. A 6'10" (2.08 m) and 240 lb (109 kg) power forward was also an outstanding basketball player in the European leagues in Italy (for Mangiaebevi Bologna in 1991–92 and Pfizer Reggio Calabria in 1994–95) and Spain (Caja Bilbao in 1995–96).
College career
Vandiver played one season for the Hutchinson Community College Blue Dragons, before transferring to the University of Colorado Boulder. They were the Big Eight Conferences rookie of the year in 1988, and was a two time First Team All Big 8 selection in 1990 and 1991. In their final season in 1990–91, they led Colorado to a third-place finish in the National Invitation Tournament. Prior to that, Colorado had not been to the National Invitation Tournament semifinals in 22 years. Vandiver was third on the Buffaloes' all-time scoring list until being surpassed in early 2008 by Richard Roby.
Professional career
Vandiver was selected 25th overall in the 1991 NBA Draft by the Golden State Warriors, but did not play for them. They wound up playing the next nine years for various teams in Europe.
Coaching career
In April 2011, Vandiver was named the head men's basketball coach at Emporia State University. Previously in the 2010–11 season, Vandiver was an assistant to head coach Leon Rice at Boise State. Prior to that they served as an assistant to Steve McClain (under whom they played at Hutchinson CC) at the University of Wyoming, a position they held since 2005. Vandiver was a graduate assistant coach with Wyoming in 2002–03, and as a full-time assistant coach at Bowling Green in 2003–04, and Northern Colorado in 2004–05. Vandiver returned to Wyoming as an assistant coach in April 2018.
Head coaching record
Personal
Vandiver has five children with their wife Danielle.
References
External links
Biography – esuhornets.com
1968 births
Living people
African-American basketball coaches
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American men's basketball coaches
American men's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Illinois
Basketball players from Chicago
Boise State Broncos men's basketball coaches
Bowling Green Falcons men's basketball coaches
CB Estudiantes players
CB Girona players
CB Gran Canaria players
Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball players
Élan Béarnais players
Emporia State Hornets basketball coaches
Fortitudo Pallacanestro Bologna players
Golden State Warriors draft picks
Junior college men's basketball players in the United States
Liga ACB players
Northern Colorado Bears men's basketball coaches
People from Bolingbrook, Illinois
Power forwards (basketball)
Sportspeople from Chicago
Viola Reggio Calabria players
Wyoming Cowboys basketball coaches
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Bert Cochran, born Alexander Goldfarb (December 25, 1913 – June 6, 1984) was an American Communist politician and writer. A Trotskyist, they were a member of the Socialist Workers Party from the 1930s to the 1950s.
Biography
Cochran was born in Poland in 1913 and moved to the US at an early age. In the 1930s, Cochran attended the University of Wisconsin–Madison where they were recruited to the Trotskyist movement by Max Shachtman. In 1938 when a group of American Trotskyists under the leadership of James P. Cannon formed the Socialist Workers Party, Bert Cochran was one of them. For a number of years, Cochran was part of the National Committee, the leading body of the SWP and became the party's main leader in Detroit. Under the pen-name E.R. Frank they were a regular contributor to the magazine of the Fourth International, which the SWP supported.
In the 1930s and 1940s, Cochran was a district organizer for the Mechanics Educational Society of America (MESA), a radical independent union which drew the ire of the federal government for refusing to not strike during World War II. Cochran also organized with the United Autoworkers (UAW).
In the beginning of the 1950s, Bert Cochran became the leader of a faction inside the Socialist Workers Party that opposed the leadership of Cannon and instead favoured the approach of Michel Pablo, a leader of the Fourth International. The faction, known to their opponents as the Cochranites, argued that the SWP was abstaining in a sectarian manner from the opportunity to intervene into the radical layers around the Communist Party. The SWP's leadership interpreted this as meaning that the current around Cochran no longer believed a revolution in the United States was possible, and that they had recoiled from revolutionary activity under the dual pressures of relative post-World War II capitalist prosperity and the accompanying McCarthy-era anti-communist witch-hunt. Cochran was also criticised for proposing to remove the image of Trotsky from the masthead of the SWP's newspaper, The Militant.
Eventually, Bert Cochran and the Cochranites were expelled from the SWP in 1954, which meant that the party lost a great deal of its members in Detroit and the Cleveland area. James P. Cannon sent Ed Shaw to lead the reconstruction of the party's branch in Detroit.
Bert Cochran, with Harry Braverman and about one hundred of their supporters founded the Socialist Union of America, which existed from 1954 to approx. 1959. After a short period out of regular political activity, they became a sponsor of the Third Camp journal, New Politics (magazine), and remained so until the journal's demise in 1976. Cochran taught labor relations at the New School for Social Research and Empire State College and was a senior fellow at the Research Institute on International Change at Columbia University. They wrote six books, one of which, Labor and Communism: The Conflict that Shaped American Unions (1977), was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize. They died from cancer the summer of 1984 before the re-launch of New Politics in the mid-1980s.
References
Notable works
Prospects of American radicalism New York, N.Y. : American Socialist Publications, 1954
American Labor in Midpassage, Monthly Review Press, 1959 (editor and contributor).
The Cross of the Moment, Macmillan, 1961.
The War System: An Analysis of the Necessity for Political Reason, Macmillan, 1965.
Adlai Stevenson, Patrician Among the Politicians, Funk & Wagnalls, 1969.
Harry Truman and the Crisis Presidency, Funk & Wagnalls, 1973, .
Labor and Communism: The Conflict that Shaped American Unions, Princeton University Press, 1977, .
Welfare Capitalism — and After, Schocken Books, 1984, .
Through the Rearview Mirror: Past Book Reviews on Still Present Social Issues, Times Two Publishing, 2005, . (A collection of book reviews, published posthumously.)
External links
Bert Cochran (E.R. Frank) Internet Archive
The Lubitz TrotskyanaNet provides a biographical sketch and a selective bibliography on Bert Cochran
The American Socialist
Reflections on the Cochranites
The Bert Cochran Legacy
1913 births
1984 deaths
American communists
American Marxists
American male writers
Polish emigrants to the United States
Members of the American Socialist Union
Socialist Workers Party (United States) politicians from Michigan
20th-century American writers
Trade unionists from Michigan
The New School faculty
Empire State College faculty
The 29th New Brunswick general election may refer to
the 1895 New Brunswick general election, the 29th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 29th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 9th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick, or
the 1978 New Brunswick general election, the 49th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 49th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 29th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
Spencer Robert Strider (born October 28, 1998) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball (MLB). They played college baseball for the Clemson Tigers, and was drafted by the Atlanta Braves in the fourth round of the 2020 Major League Baseball Draft. They made their MLB debut in 2021.
Amateur career
Strider attended the Christian Academy of Knoxville in Knoxville, Tennessee. They were drafted by the Cleveland Indians in the 35th round of the 2017 Major League Baseball draft, but did not sign and played college baseball at Clemson University for the Clemson Tigers. In 2018, they played collegiate summer baseball with the Falmouth Commodores of the Cape Cod Baseball League. Strider missed the 2019 season after suffering a torn UCL which required Tommy John surgery. They returned from the injury in 2020 and was drafted by the Atlanta Braves in the fourth round of the 2020 Major League Baseball Draft and signed.
Professional career
Strider split their professional debut of 2021 between the Augusta GreenJackets, the Rome Braves, the Mississippi Braves, and the Gwinnett Stripers. Between the four stops they posted a 3–7 record with a 2.64 ERA and 153 strikeouts over 94 innings.
On October 1, 2021, Strider was selected to the Atlanta active roster. They made their major league debut that night, pitching one inning of relief against the New York Mets. Strider earned their first career win on the final day of the season, again facing the Mets in relief. The Braves finished with an 88–73 record, clinching the NL East, and eventually won the 2021 World Series, giving the Braves their first title since 1995.
Strider began the 2022 season on the Braves' Opening Day roster. They were named National League Rookie of the Month for July. On September 1, they broke the Braves' record for most strikeouts in a nine-inning game, fanning 16 Colorado Rockies batters in eight shutout innings. On September 18, Strider became the fastest pitcher in either the American League or National League to throw 200 strikeouts in a single season, reaching the milestone in 130 innings pitched. They were also the first rookie in the franchise's modern-era history to strike out 200 batters in a single season. The feat had been accomplished by Bill Stemmyer and Kid Nichols in 1886 and 1890, respectively, while the franchise was known as the Boston Beaneaters.
Pitching style
During the 2018 college baseball season, Strider's repertoire included a two-seam fastball, a slurve-like pitch, and a changeup they did not use often. After recovering from Tommy John surgery, Strider began throwing a four-seam fastball, and became more willing to pitch in the upper region of the strike zone.
Personal life
Strider has followed a vegan diet since 2019, crediting it in part for helping with their high blood pressure. Before tournaments, Strider's high school teammates grew facial hair and dyed their hair blond as a bonding exercise. They maintained a mustache during their collegiate baseball career at Clemson, where they became known as "The Mustache Man."
References
External links
Clemson Tigers bio
1998 births
Living people
Atlanta Braves players
Augusta GreenJackets players
Baseball players from Columbus, Ohio
Clemson Tigers baseball players
Falmouth Commodores players
Gwinnett Stripers players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Mississippi Braves players
Rome Braves players
Vegan sportspeople
Nugzari Mshvenieradze (born 25 June 1952) is a Soviet water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
See also
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
Soviet male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of the Soviet Union
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Moscow
Uranium nitrides is any of a family of several ceramic materials: uranium mononitride (UN), uranium sesquinitride (U2N3) and uranium dinitride (UN2). The word nitride refers to the −3 oxidation state of the nitrogen bound to the uranium.
Uranium nitride has been considered as a potential fuel for nuclear reactors. It is said to be safer, stronger, denser, more thermally conductive and having a higher temperature tolerance. Challenges to implementation of the fuel include a complex conversion route from enriched UF6, the need to prevent oxidation during manufacturing and the need to define and license a final disposal route. The necessity to use expensive, highly isotopically enriched 15N is a significant factor to overcome. This is necessary due to the (relatively) high neutron capture cross-section of the far-more-common 14N, which affects the neutron economy of a reactor.
Synthesis
Carbothermic reduction
The common technique for generating UN is carbothermic reduction of uranium oxide (UO2) in a 2-step method illustrated below.
3UO2 + 6C → 2UC + UO2 + 4CO (in argon, > 1450 °C for 10 to 20 hours)
4UC + 2UO2 +3N2 → 6UN + 4CO
Sol-gel
Sol-gel methods and arc melting of pure uranium under nitrogen atmosphere can also be used.
Ammonolysis
Another common technique for generating UN2 is the ammonolysis of uranium tetrafluoride. Uranium tetrafluoride is exposed to ammonia gas under high pressure and temperature, which replaces the fluorine with nitrogen and generates hydrogen fluoride.<ref name=autogenerated2>Silva, G. W. C.; Yeamans, C. B.; Ma, L.; Cerefice, G. S.; Czerwinski, K. R.; Sarrelberger, A. P. Chem. Mater.. 2008, 20, 3076.</ref> Hydrogen fluoride is a colourless gas at this temperature and mixes with the ammonia gas.
Hydriding-nitriding
An additional method of UN synthesis employs fabrication directly from metallic uranium. By exposing metallic uranium to hydrogen gas at temperatures in excess of 280 °C, UH3 can be formed. Furthermore, since UH3 has a higher specific volume than the metallic phase, hydridation can be used to physically decompose otherwise solid uranium. Following hydridation, UH3 can be exposed to a nitrogen atmosphere at temperatures around 500 °C, thereby forming U2N3. By additional heating to temperatures above 1150 °C, the sesquinitride can then be decomposed to UN.
2U + 3H2 → 2UH3
2UH3 + 1.5N2 → U2N3
U2N3 → UN + 0.5N2
Use of the isotope 15N (which constitutes around 0.37% of natural nitrogen) is preferable because the predominant isotope, 14N, has a significant neutron absorption cross-section which affects neutron economy and, in particular, it undergoes an (n,p) reaction which produces significant amounts of radioactive 14C which would need to be carefully contained and sequestered during reprocessing or permanent storage.
Decomposition
Each uranium dinitride complex is considered to have three distinct compounds present simultaneously because of decomposing of uranium dinitride (UN2) into uranium sesquinitride (U2N3), and then uranium mononitride (UN). Uranium dinitrides decompose to uranium mononitride by the following sequence of reactions:
4UN2 → 2U2N3+ N2
2U2N3 → 4UN +N2
Decomposition of UN2 is the most common method for isolating uranium sesquinitride (U2N3).
Uses
Uranium mononitride is being considered as a potential fuel for generation IV reactors such as the Hyperion Power Module reactor created by Hyperion Power Generation. It has also been proposed as nuclear fuel in some fast neutron nuclear test reactors. UN is considered superior because of its higher fissionable density, thermal conductivity, and melting temperature than the most common nuclear fuel, uranium oxide (UO2), while also demonstrating lower release of fission product gases and swelling, and decreased chemical reactivity with cladding materials. It also has a superior mechanical, thermal, and radiation stability compared to standard metallic uranium fuel.Mizutani, A.; Sekimoto, H. Ann. Nucl. Energy. 2005, 25(9), 623–638. The thermal conductivity is on the order of 4-8 times higher than that of uranium dioxide, the most commonly used nuclear fuel, at typical operating temperatures. Increased thermal conductivity results in a smaller thermal gradient between inner and outer sections of the fuel, potentially allowing for higher operating temperatures and reducing macroscopic restructuring of the fuel, which limits fuel lifetime.
Molecular and crystal structure
The uranium dinitride (UN2) compound has a face-centered cubic crystal structure of the calcium fluoride (CaF2) type with a space group of Fmm.
Nitrogen forms triple bonds on each side of uranium forming a linear structure.Wang, X.; Andrews, L.; Vlaisavljevich, B.; Gagliardi, L. Inorganic Chemistry. 2011, 50(8), 3826–3831. doi:10.1021/ic2003244
α-(U2N3) has a body-centered cubic crystal structure of the (Mn2O3) type with a space group of Ia .
UN has a face-centered cubic crystal structure of the NaCl type.Mueller, M. H.; Knott, H. W.Acta Crystallogr.. 1958, 11, 751–752. doi:10.1107/S0365110X58002061
The metal component of the bond uses the 5f orbital of the uranium but forms a relatively weak interaction but is important for the crystal structure. The covalent portion of the bonds forms from the overlap between the 6d orbital and 7s orbital on the uranium and the 2p orbitals on the nitrogen.Évarestov, R. A., Panin, A. I., & Losev, M. V. Journal of Structural Chemistry. 2008, 48, 125–135. N forms a triple bond with uranium creating a linear structure.
Uranium nitrido derivatives
Recently, there have been many developments in the synthesis of complexes with terminal uranium nitride (–U≡N) bonds. In addition to radioactive concerns common to all uranium chemistry, production of uranium nitrido complexes has been slowed by harsh reaction conditions and solubility challenges. Nonetheless, syntheses of such complexes have been reported in the past few years, for example the three shown below among others.Thomson, R. K.; Cantat, T.; Scott, B. L.; Morris, D. E.; Batista, E. R.; Kiplinger, J. L. Uranium azide photolysis results in C–H bond activation and provides evidence for a terminal uranium nitride. Nature Chemistry 2010, 2, 723–729. Other U≡N compounds have also been synthesized or observed with various structural features, such as bridging nitride ligands in di-/polynuclear species, and various oxidation states.Evans, W. J.; Kozimor, S. A.; Ziller, J. W. Molecular Octa-Uranium Rings with Alternating Nitride and Azide Bridges. Science 2005, 309 (5742), 1835–1838.
See also
List of energy densities
Nuclear fuel cycle
Nuclear reactor
Uranium carbide
Uranium oxide
References
External links
New Uranium Bond at The Periodic Table of Videos'' (University of Nottingham)
Nitrides
Uranium(III) compounds
Rock salt crystal structure
Sílvia Osuna Oliveras (Castelló d'Empúries, Girona, 1983) is a researcher in the field of computational chemistry at the Institute of Computational Chemistry and Catalysis (IQCC) at the University of Girona.
Osuna obtained their PhD in 2010 at the University of Girona (Spain) under the supervision of Miquel Solà and Marcel Swart. Upon graduation, they moved to the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA, USA) for a two-year postdoctoral position at the group of Prof. K. N. Houk. In 2013, they were awarded the Juan de la Cierva postdoctoral position, and in 2015 the Ramón y Cajal position. In 2015, they were awarded an ERC-StG project for developing a new computational protocol for designing new enzymes (ERC-2015-StG-679001, NetMoDEzyme).
 They are currently the group leader of CompBioLab group at the Institute of Computational Chemistry and Catalysis (IQCC) at the University of Girona. During their scientific career, they have worked on the computational design of enzymes important for their potential applications in medicine. Osuna is author of several publications in international peer-reviewed journals.
In 2016 Osuna was awarded the Premio FPdGi Investigación Científica 2016 by Fundació Princesa de Girona.
References
External links
Spanish chemists
Spanish women chemists
1983 births
People from Girona
University of Girona alumni
Living people
The Gaiety Theatre was an entertainment venue in Sydney, Australia from 1880 to 1900 and then a boxing stadium until 1912.
History
The Guild Hall in Castlereagh Street, Sydney, was leased by John Solomon and L. M. Bayless in 1880, refurbished as a comedy theatre seating 1500 and renamed "Gaiety Theatre". Bayless was a sub-lessee.
It was the home of Arthur Garner's London Comedy Company for one season, starring Fred Marshall.
A notable programme was that in 1888 provided by volunteer performers to benefit the victims of the Bombo disaster. Rosa Towers made their first performance there since 1884, when they and their parents made their farewell performance prior to their tour of India, where both died.
In 1900 it became the Gaiety Athletic Club, (a boxing stadium), managed by Charlie Marshall.
In 1912 the building was purchased by the Catholic Club Land and Building Company and it became the Catholic Club.
References
1880 establishments in Australia
1900 disestablishments in Australia
History of Sydney
Former theatres in Sydney
Robert M. Haralick (born 1943) is Distinguished Professor in Computer Science at Graduate from Center of the City University of New York (CUNY). Haralick is one of the leading figures in computer vision, pattern recognition, and image analysis.  They are a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) and a Fellow and past president of the International Association for Pattern Recognition.
Prof. Haralick is the King-Sun Fu Prize winner of 2016, "for contributions in image analysis, including remote sensing, texture analysis, mathematical morphology, consistent labeling, and system performance evaluation".
Biography
Haralick received a B.A. degree in mathematics from the University of Kansas in 1964, a B.S. degree in electrical engineering in 1966, and a M.S. degree in electrical engineering in 1967. In 1969, after completing their Ph.D. at the University of Kansas, they joined the faculty of the electrical engineering department, serving as professor from 1975 to 1978. In 1979 Haralick joined the electrical engineering department at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, where they were a professor and director of the spatial data analysis laboratory.
From 1984 to 1986 Haralick served as vice president of research at Machine Vision International, Ann Arbor, MI. Haralick occupied the Boeing Clairmont Egtvedt Professorship in the department of electrical engineering at the University of Washington from 1986 through 2000. At UW, Haralick was an adjunct professor in the computer science department and the bioengineering department.
In 2000 Haralick accepted a Distinguished Professorship position at the computer science department of the Graduate from Center, City University of New York.
Contributions
Haralick began their work as one of the principal investigators of the NASA ERTS satellite data doing remote sensing image analysis.
Haralick has made a series of contributions in the field of computer vision. In the high-level vision area, they have worked on inferring 3D geometry from one or more perspective projection views. They have also identified a variety of vision problems which are special cases of the consistent labeling problem. Their papers on consistent labeling, arrangements, relation homomorphism, matching, and tree search translate some specific computer vision problems to the more general combinatorial consistent labeling problem and then discuss the theory of the look-ahead operators that speed up the tree search. The most basic of these is called Forward Checking. This gives a framework for the control structure required in high-level vision problems. They have also extended the forward-checking tree search technique to propositional logic.
In the low-and mid-level areas, Haralick has worked in image texture analysis using spatial gray tone co-occurrence texture features. These features have been used with success on biological cell images, x-ray images, satellite images, aerial images and many other kinds of images taken at small and large scales. In the feature detection area, Haralick has developed the facet model for image processing. The facet model states that many low-level image processing operations can be interpreted relative to what the processing does to the estimated underlying gray tone intensity surface of which the given image is a sampled noisy version. The facet papers develop techniques for edge detection, line detection, noise removal, peak and pit detection, as well as a variety of other topographic gray tone surface features.
Haralick's work in shape analysis and extraction uses the techniques of mathematical morphology. They have developed the morphological sampling theorem which establishes a sound shape/size basis for the focus of attention mechanisms which can process image data in a multiresolution mode, thereby making some of the image feature extraction processes execute more efficiently. They have also developed recursive morphological algorithms for the computation of opening and closing transforms. The recursive algorithms permit all possible sized openings or closings for a given structuring element to be computed in constant time per pixel. They also developed statistical morphological methodologies for image analysis and noise removal. and noise removal
In the area of document image understanding, Haralick is responsible for the development of comprehensive ground-truthed databases consisting of over 1500 document images, most in English and some in Japanese. The databases are issued on CD-ROMs and are used all around the world by people developing character recognition methodologies and techniques for document image structural decomposition. They have developed algorithms for document image skew angle estimation, zone delineation, and word and text line bounding box delineation.
In a series of papers, Haralick has helped influence the computer vision community to be more sensitive to the needs of computer vision performance characterization and covariance propagation for without this kind of analysis Computer Vision has no robust theory.
Haralick has contributed to the medical image analysis area particularly working with X-ray ventriculargrams . and echocardiography, These papers developed techniques to identify and delineate anatomically accurate boundaries for the left ventricle of the heart.
Their most recent work is in the pattern recognition area, particularly in the manifold clustering of high-dimensional data sets, the application of pattern recognition to mathematical combinatorial problems and in the area of Torah codes popularly called Bible codes. In this area they have co-authored a book with Eliyahu Rips, one of the coauthors of the original Statistical Sciences paper. Haralick's research has helped develop sophisticated algorithmic and statistical methodology for Torah code experiments, methodology that they claim can differentiate between the tables that are depicted as encodings in books like Moby Dick and War and Peace from those encodings that occur in the Torah text.
Haralick is a Fellow of IEEE for their contributions in computer vision and image processing and a Fellow of the International Association for Pattern Recognition (IAPR) for their contributions in pattern recognition, image processing, and for service to IAPR. They served as president of IAPR from 1996 to 1998. They have served on the editorial board of "IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence" and has been the computer vision area editor for Communications of the ACM and as an associate editor for Computer Vision, Graphics, and Image Processing, The IEEE Transactions on Image Processing and Pattern Recognition. They served on the editorial board of Real Time Imaging and the editorial board of Electronic Imaging. Their publications include over 570 archival papers, book chapters, conference proceedings and books. The science citation index lists over 6300 references to their papers.
Haralick has been recognized for their academic research in the Marquis Who's Who books.  They are listed in the current editions for Who's Who in the East, Who's Who in America, and Who's Who in the World.
Works
See also
Optical character recognition
Robotics
References
External links
Haralick publication website
Torah code website
Kabbalah, Torah, and Torah code website
Living people
1943 births
Fellow Members of the IEEE
Fellows of the International Association for Pattern Recognition
City University of New York faculty
University of Kansas alumni
University of Washington faculty
A Trumpet in the Wadi () is a 1987 novel by Sami Michael. It details a love story between a Russian Jewish immigrant and an Arab Christian woman in the Wadi Nisnas of Haifa. The novel has been adapted for the stage five times in Israel, as well as for a film in 2001. The film version of the book won many prizes–First Prize at Haifa International Film Festival, the Haifa Culture Foundation prize, the Israeli Academy prize for Best Drama, First Prize in the Film Festival for Love Stories in Russia, and Best Actor at the Geneva Festival.
A Trumpet in the Wadi has been translated into English (New York, Simon & Schuster 2003), Dutch (Amsterdam, 1996), German (Berlin, 1996, 2008), French (Paris, 2006), Italian (Florence, 2006), Persian (Los Angeles, 2006), and Chinese (Beijing, 2009).
See also
Seres queridos
External links
A Trumpet in the Wadi, the New York Jewish Times
A Trumpet in the Wadi, The Jewish Daily Forward
A Trumpet in the Wadi, Refugee Week
The Washington Post | August 22, 2003 | Carolyn See
1987 novels
20th-century Israeli novels
Novels set in Israel
Am Oved books
Frantz Vitko () was the president of the Federation of Trade Unions of Belarus (FPB) 2001–02. Vitko, who had voiced criticism against the government, was persuaded to resign, and was replaced by Leonid Kozik.
References
Belarusian trade unionists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
USS Peleliu (LHA-5) is a of the United States Navy, named for the Battle of Peleliu of World War II. Entering service in 1980, they have been deployed to the Persian Gulf on several occasions, performed an evacuation of U.S. Naval Base Subic Bay following the eruption of Mount Pinatubo, operated with the INTERFET peacekeeping taskforce, participated in Pacific Partnership deployments, and provided assistance following the massive floods in Pakistan in 2010. They were decommissioned in San Diego, California on 31 March 2015. They currently rest, out of commission and in reserve, at NAVSEA Inactive Ships On-site Maintenance Office, Pearl Harbor, Hawaii alongside in the inactive reserve in case of further need.
Design and construction
Peleliu was originally going to be named USS Khe Sanh, and then USS Da Nang. Pelelius keel was laid down in 1976 at the Litton Industries Ingalls Shipbuilding company in Pascagoula, Mississippi. They were launched on 25 November 1978, sponsored by Peggy Hayward, the wife of the Chief of Naval Operations at that time, Admiral Thomas B. Hayward. Peleliu was commissioned on 3 May 1980.
Operational history
1980s
Peleliu immediately steamed southwards and transited the Panama Canal to the Pacific Ocean. They crossed the Equator for the first time on 27 May 1980, setting a new record for time between an American warship's commissioning and their crossing over into the Southern Hemisphere. Peleliu then steamed to the seaport of Long Beach, California.
Following the 17 October 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake, Peleliu was one of the 24 U.S. Navy and Military Sealift Command ships that rendered assistance. Peleliu provided shelter for 300 victims and provided helicopter support.
1990s
Peleliu deployed again to the Western Pacific in January 1990. The ship, along with their Amphibious Ready Group (ARG), participated in multinational exercises including Exercise Team Spirit with forces from the Republic of Korea, and Exercise Cobra Gold, in Thailand. Peleliu returned home to Naval Station Long Beach in July and later that summer entered the shipyard for an availability period that was scheduled to last nearly a year. The U.S. response to the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait in August 1990 curtailed the shipyard availability and forced Peleliu into an accelerated schedule of pre-deployment training, but they did not deploy for Operation Desert Shield/Desert Storm. They eventually departed Long Beach in May 1991, in support of ongoing U.S. operations in the Middle East. In June 1991, while en route to the Persian Gulf, they were diverted from a scheduled port call in Hong Kong to the Philippines, where they participated in the evacuation of the Americans from the Naval Base Subic Bay following the volcanic eruption of Mount Pinatubo. This evacuation included taking most of the patients from the maternity ward at the Subic Bay naval hospital, and hence there were several births on board. This eruption was one of the largest of the past 100 years and covered a large region of the Philippines in volcanic ash and caused extensive damage to American military bases in the area, including Naval Station Subic Bay, Naval Air Station Cubi Point, and Clark Air Force Base.
On returning to their home port at Long Beach Naval Shipyard, Peleliu went through an extensive shipyard rehabilitation, including time in the dry dock. They were again underway by May 1992 and going through workups and inspections for their next Western Pacific (WESTPAC) deployment on 21 January 1994. They changed home ports to Naval Station San Diego during this time period. On deploying with the 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit, and following stops in Pearl Harbor and Singapore, they steamed for Mogadishu, Somalia to participate in Operation Continue Hope and Operation Quick Draw. They arrived on station around 3 March 1994 and spent the next three months supporting operations in the area. VIP visits included Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General John Shalikashvili, COMPHIBGRU THREE, Rear Admiral James B. Perkins III, and CJTF Major General Thomas M. Montgomery, U.S. Army and Brig. General Vercauteren, USMC. While off the coast of Mombasa, they participated in Operation Distant Runner at the border of Rwanda and Burundi. Medical and Dental Civic Action Programs(MEDCAP, DENCAP) were performed in the villages of Kipini and Witu, Kenya, providing medical and dental services to local civilians. Leaving Somalia on 4 June 1994, they steamed to Perth, Australia for a port visit. On 30 June 1994, Peleliu slowed their pace home and along with ship's company, Marines of 2nd Battalion 5th Marines, paused to honor the fallen off the coast of their name sake Peleliu, where 50 years earlier the Marines of the 1st Marine Division suffered 6,526 casualties with 1,256 killed in action against 10,138 Japanese defenders of which very few were taken alive in the Battle of Peleliu.
Peleliu was deployed to East Timor as part of the Australian-led INTERFET peacekeeping task force from 26 October to 27 November 1999.
2000s
Peleliu departed from San Diego in August 2001 with the 15th Marine Expeditionary Unit on board for a six-month deployment in the Western Pacific. They were in the port of Darwin, Australia during the September 11 attacks. Following those attacks, Peleliu was sent to the North Arabian Sea and, on 26 November 2001, they took the first U.S. Marines to Afghanistan as part of Operation Enduring Freedom. After the American Taliban John Walker Lindh was captured in Afghanistan, they were taken aboard Peleliu on 14 December 2001. There they were interrogated by a U.S. Marine Corps intelligence team. While they were on board, Lindh signed confessions and they told their interrogators that they were not merely a member of the Taliban, but a full member of Al Qaeda.
Lindh received surgery by the senior surgeon of Peleliu to remove a bullet in their leg, and they were also treated for frostbite on theirs toes.
While on deployment in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, in 2004, and as flagship of Expeditionary Strike Group One, a hostile boat was intercepted by warships at sea in the Indian Ocean, and 15 people were detained. An estimated of hashish was seized by American and Australian warships after the interception of the boat in the North Arabian Sea. During this deployment Peleliu was deployed for nine months and supported air strikes into Iraq. Marines from the embarked Marine Expeditionary Unit participated in ground operations in southern Iraq.
Peleliu steamed to support of the Pacific Partnership mission from 23 May through 20 September 2007. This mission included medical, dental, construction, and other humanitarian assistance programs on shore and afloat in the Philippines, Vietnam, Papua New Guinea, the Solomon Islands, and the Marshall Islands. The medical personnel on board Peleliu included teams from the U.S. Navy and ten other countries, and also from three private assistance organizations.
In 2008, Peleliu was sent to the Indian Ocean to support Operation Iraqi Freedom, Operation Enduring Freedom, and antipiracy operations. On 10 August 2008, Peleliu responded to a distress call from a merchant ship, Gem of Kilakari, that was being attacked by armed pirates in the Gulf of Aden. That pirate attack was suppressed with no injuries.
2010s
In August 2010, Peleliu was sent to Port of Karachi, Pakistan, to use 19 of their helicopters for rescue during the massive floods in southern Pakistan, which were the worst in the recorded history of Pakistan up to that point.
During this deployment, Captain David Schnell, the commanding officer of Peleliu, was relieved of their command and reassigned for being "unduly familiar" with several crewmembers. Captain Mark E. Cedrun, the chief of staff for Expeditionary Strike Group 3, replaced Captain Schnell as the commanding officer of Peleliu.
On 24 November 2010, Peleliu returned full circle and they were berthed in the Subic Bay Freeport Zone on their first visit there since the evacuation by the Navy in 1991. That deployment also included port visits to: Naval Base Guam, Apra Harbor, Guam; Darwin, Australia; Dubai, UAE; Phuket, Thailand; and Pearl Harbor, Hawai'i before returning to their home port in San Diego, California on 18 Dec 2010.
On 17 September 2012, Peleliu deployed to the C5F AOR.
On 14 May 2013, Peleliu returned to their homeport after an eight-month deployment, accompanied by the and the .
In February 2014, the United States Pacific Fleet announced that would be forward deployed to replace the decommissioned in Japan. Peleliu deployed to the Western Pacific to mitigate the gap in amphibious presence. The ship visited numerous ports including, Apra Harbor, Guam; Sasebo and Okinawa, Japan; Subic Bay, Philippines and Singapore. During the visits, Peleliu competed against partner nation teams during various sporting events and participated in community relations projects.
Over the course of deployment, Peleliu transited more than , conducted the safe launch and recovery of more than 50 Landing Craft Utility, 30 Landing Craft Air Cushion, and 25 Amphibious Assault Vehicle ships to shore movements, as well as carrier and deck landing qualifications and operations for U.S. Navy and Marine Corps aircraft squadrons, U.S. Army 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment (Airborne) and foreign aircraft from Colombia, Peru, Mexico and Argentina.
Upon assignment to Seventh Fleet, the ship embarked Commander, Amphibious Force Seventh Fleet, Commander, Amphibious Squadron 11 and 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit and joined to form the Peleliu Amphibious Readiness Group (ARG). While deployed, the ARG conducted security and stability operations and exercises throughout the Indo-Asia-Pacific region to include Amphibious Landing Exercise (PHIBLEX) 15 and other maritime cooperation exercises with partner nations.
From June to August 2014, Peleliu, with Amphibious Squadron Three, Special Purpose Marine Task Force Three and Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron (HSC) 21 embarked, participated in Rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC) 2014 as part of the Third Fleet.
Decommissioning
Peleliu returned to Naval Base San Diego on 24 December 2014 from their final six-month deployment to the Western Pacific. Upon return, the ship made preparations to decommission in March 2015 after 34 years of service, 17 deployments and more than transited.
Peleliu was decommissioned on 31 March 2015 in San Diego. Following their decommissioning, the 820 ft-long vessel was moved to Pearl Harbor to join the reserve fleet. USS Peleliu was placed in an inactive reserve status and moored alongside their sister ship .
Ship's coat of arms
The stars across the top of the shield represent the eight Medal of Honor recipients from the Battle of Peleliu Island in 1944. Centered is the large Roman numeral "V", which represents the hull number of the ship, LHA-5. The four-point star in the "V" identifies the four functions of the landing force, and sustain their operations ashore. In the lower left-hand side of the shield is a ring, which by tradition of heraldry, symbolizes the fifth born. The 1st Marine Division emblem is the constellation Southern Cross with the numeral '1' superimposed.
Retired Navy Chief DSC William J. Cunningham, a plankowner, was the primary designer of the Ship's Coat of Arms contributing all design work except the four-point star during pre-com in 1979.
References
External links
Peleliu homepage
USS Peleliu history at U.S. Carriers
Tarawa-class amphibious assault ships
Cold War amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
Ships built in Pascagoula, Mississippi
1978 ships
Voikovo prison camp, or Camp No. 48, was a prisoner-of-war and internee camp maintained by the Main Administration for Affairs of Prisoners of War and Internees of the NKVD in the Soviet Union. The camp was designated by the Soviet authorities for the high-ranking officers of the German Wehrmacht and the Waffen-SS and was unofficially known as the "Generals camp".
The camp was situated near the city of Ivanovo, Russian SFSR and was in operation from 1943 to 1955, when the last prisoners were repatriated to East Germany. The camp was located in an old inn and health spa and, although at times overcrowded, was dubbed "the Castle" for its relative luxury.
Select prisoners held at the camp
(† denotes prisoners who died in the camp)
Wilhelm Mohnke
Friedrich Paulus
Arthur Schmidt
Walther von Seydlitz-Kurzbach
Arthur Schmidt
Karl Strecker
Gottfried Weber
Kurt Peter Muller
Hans-Joachim Baurmeister (died 1950)
Louis Tronnier (died 1952)
Walter von Boltenstern (died 1952)
Karl-Wilhelm Specht (died 1953)
Friedrich Bayer (died 1953)
Gerd-Paul von Below (died 1953)
Heinrich-Anton Deboi (died 1955)
Friedrich Hochbaum (died 1955)
Hans Boeckh-Behrens (died 1955)
Reiner Stahel (died 1955)
Max Pfeffer (died 1955)
Notes
References
Further reading
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the Soviet Union
Prisons in the Soviet Union
World War II prisoner of war camps
The 2014 Copa Petrobrás de Marcas season was the fourth season of the Brasileiro de Marcas. It began on April 6 at Tarumã and ended on November 23 at Brasília, after fifteen races.
JLM Racing driver Ricardo Maurício won their third consecutive Brasileiro de Marcas title, taking three victories during the season including a win with Max Wilson in the wildcard race at Interlagos. Consistency was the key to their title, finishing all but one race in the top nine placings, sealing it with a third-place finish in the opening race at the final round at Goiânia. Maurício's championship-winning margin was three points – after dropped scores were implemented – over their team-mate Vicente Orige, a race-winner at Goiânia, taking advantage of the series' double-points rules for the final meeting. Despite missing the first round, Allam Khodair finished third in the championship, also with three victories.
Other drivers to take victories during the season were Gabriel Casagrande, who won races at Brasília and Curitiba, while Vítor Meira (Tarumã), Galid Osman (Goiânia), Thiago Camilo (Curitiba, on a one-off appearance), as well as Velopark winners Alceu Feldmann and Denis Navarro, all took single race victories during the season. With the performances of Maurício and Orige, JLM Racing were the winners of the teams' championship, comfortably ahead of RZ Motorsport Toyota, with their drivers Khodair and Osman. In the manufacturers' championship, Toyota finished 14 points clear of Honda to win the championship.
Teams and drivers
All drivers were Brazilian-registered.
Race calendar and results
All races were held in Brazil.
Championship standings
Points were awarded as follows:
Drivers' Championship
Manufacturers' Championship
Teams' Championship
References
External links
Marcas
Touring car racing series
St Wilfrid's Church is in the village of Davenham, Cheshire, England. The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Middlewich.
History
A church on the site was recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086. A later church was built in the 14th century and its chancel was rebuilt in 1680 and again in 1795. The present church dates from 1842 to 1844 when the body of the church was replaced, and the tower and spire were repaired, the architect being Edmund Sharpe of Lancaster. The nave was lengthened by one bay, heightened and widened, and galleries were inserted on three sides. The tower was damaged when it was struck by lightning on 16 July 1850. A new tower was designed by Sharpe and their partner at the time, E. G. Paley. The chancel and transepts date from 1870 by the later partners in the practice, Paley and Austin.
Architecture
Exterior
The church is built in red sandstone ashlar with a slate roof. Its plan consists of a west tower, a five-bay nave with a clerestory, north and south aisles, a chancel with a north vestry and a south chantry chapel, and a southwest porch. The tower has an octagonal spire with three tiers of lucarnes.
Interior
In the chancel is a two-arched sedilia. The reredos contains an alabaster relief depicting The Last Supper. The monuments in the church include ones to William Tomkinson who died in 1770 by Benjamin Bromfield, to Mrs France who died in 1814 by S. and F. Franceys of Liverpool, to Mrs Harper dated 1833 by Francesco Pozzi of Florence with a relief of a mother and child, and to Frederick and Cecil France-Hayhurst who died in 1915, by Underwood. In the south aisle is a war memorial chapel designed by Sir Robert Lorimer. It contains a reredos with carvings of personifications of virtues, framed by carved friezes, and posts surmounted by angels. There are stained glass windows by David Evans of Shrewsbury dating from the early 19th century, and by J. C. Bewsey dated 1932. There is a ring of six bells. Four of these, dated 1757, 1761 (2), and 1765 are by Rudhall of Gloucester and a bell dated 1826 is by Thomas Mears II of the Whitechapel Bell Foundry. The sixth bell, which is undated, is by William Noone.
External features
In the churchyard is a table tomb to the memory of William Worthington of Leftwich, a merchant who died in 1808, and members of their family. It is listed at Grade II. Also listed Grade II is the lych gate which dates from the late 19th century, and was designed by E. G. Paley. Also in the churchyard is a memorial to the Russell Allen family, with dates including 1927, also by Lorimer.
The churchyard contains 18 war graves of British service personnel, 13 from World War I, and five from World War II.
See also
Grade II* listed buildings in Cheshire West and Chester
Listed buildings in Davenham
List of architectural works by Edmund Sharpe
List of works by Sharpe and Paley
List of ecclesiastical works by Paley and Austin
References
Citations
Sources
Church of England church buildings in Cheshire
Grade II* listed churches in Cheshire
19th-century Church of England church buildings
Churches completed in 1870
Gothic Revival church buildings in England
Gothic Revival architecture in Cheshire
Diocese of Chester
Edmund Sharpe buildings
Sharpe and Paley buildings
Church buildings by E. G. Paley
Paley and Austin buildings
Gratia is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Ciurari-Deal, Drăghinești and Gratia.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Qareh Gol () is a village in Barzanun Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 301, in 63 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Hossam Ashraf (; born 1 January 2002) is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Egyptian League club Zamalek.
Career statistics
References
External links
Living people
2002 births
Egyptian footballers
Association football forwards
Zamalek SC players
In some computer security systems, a Ticket Granting Ticket or Ticket to Get Tickets (TGT) is a small, encrypted identification file with a limited validity period. After authentication, this file is granted to a user for data traffic protection by the key distribution center (KDC) subsystem of authentication services such as Kerberos. The TGT file contains the session key, its expiration date, and the user's IP address, which protects the user from man-in-the-middle attacks.
The TGT is used to obtain a service ticket from Ticket Granting Service (TGS). User is granted access to network services only after this service ticket is provided.
Key management
Computer access control protocols
Authentication protocols
Key transport protocols
Computer network security
The band-tailed antwren (Myrmotherula urosticta) is a species of insectivorous bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
The band-tailed antwren was described by the English zoologist Philip Sclater in 1857 and given the binomial name Formicivora urosticta.
References
Myrmotherula
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
Birds described in 1857
Taxa named by Philip Sclater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Maindsher Kyiv () has a professional beach soccer team based in Kyiv, Ukraine.
Honours
Ukrainian competitions
Ukrainian Beach Soccer Premier League
Winners: 2003, 2006, 2009, 2012
Runners-up: 2002, 2005, 2008, 2010, 2011
Third Place: 2004
International competitions
Notable former players
Vitaliy Sydorenko
Oleh Zborovskyi
External links
Ukrainian Beach Soccer Association Official website
Beach soccer on the FFU
Profile on Kyiv Beach Soccer League
Sport in Kyiv
Ukrainian beach soccer clubs
Group Captain Anne-Marie Houghton (née Dawe; born 26 August 1968) is an RAF officer and was the RAF's first female fully qualified navigator in 1991.
Early life
They were born in Barnstaple in north Devon. They were born on the day before that of Jo Salter, the RAF's first female fast-jet pilot. They were brought up in Hornchurch, near Essex. They have an older brother and two younger brothers.
Career
RAF
They became an officer on 27 August 1987, from that of Aircraftwoman with the WRAF.
They began training with the RAF as a navigator (on multi-engined aircraft) on Monday 18 September 1989 at RAF Finningley, when a Pilot Officer and aged 21, with Pilot Officer Sally Hawkins from Wolverhampton, aged 20, and Flying Officer Wendy Smith from Bournemouth, aged 25. They trained on the twin-engined HS 125, for many years with the RAF for training pilots and navigators on multi-engined aircraft.
On 1 March 1991, 22-year-old Flying Officer Anne-Marie Dawe qualified from No. 6 Flying Training School RAF in South Yorkshire. They had been there for eighteen months.
They were posted to No.242 Operational Conversion Unit at RAF Lyneham, on the four-engine Hercules.
From June 2010 to July 2012 they were the Officer Commanding of 54(R) Squadron at RAF Waddington in North Kesteven, Lincolnshire; at the time, they were the only female commander of an RAF squadron. In 2011 they flew with 907 Expeditionary Air Wing.
They work with the Royal Air Force Winter Sports Association, and RAF Swimming. They were promoted from Flight Lieutenant to Squadron Leader on 1 January 2003, to Wing Commander on 1 July 2008, and to Group Captain on 9 October 2017.
During the RAF100 Celebrations in 2018, Group Captain Houghton served as the Parade Commander outside Buckingham Palace.
Houghton was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2021 New Year Honours.
Deployment of women with the RAF
At first, women were to be allowed as pilots and navigators on transport aircraft, such as the Hercules, and helicopters, but not fast-jet aircraft. On 16 December 1991, it was announced that women could fly in fast-jet aircraft too.
Navigators within the RAF
Navigators became weapon systems officers (WSO) as the electronics (avionics) onboard aircraft largely replaced the purpose of navigators, or did much of their work.
Involvement in the Royal Air Force Air Cadets
They currently serve as the Honorary President of No.1483 (Brentwood) Squadron of Essex Wing RAFAC.
Currently Group Captain Houghton is a service instructor at 155 (Maidenhead) Sqn in Thames Valley Wing Air Cadets.
Personal life
They married in September 1995 in Swindon; their husband, now deceased, was a former Fleet Air Arm helicopter pilot. They live in Essex. In December 2012, they were on the cover of Good Housekeeping.
See also
Patricia Howard
Nikki Thomas (from Exmouth), the first female Wing Commander with the RAF, and the first female commander of a fast jet squadron (12 Squadrons at RAF Marham)
References
External links
RAF Museum
RAF History in the 1990s
Women of the Royal Air Force
RAF Swimming
Them research report on women in combat duties in western militaries
1968 births
Military personnel from Barnstaple
People from Hornchurch
Women's Royal Air Force officers
Living people
Royal Air Force officers
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Women's Royal Air Force airwomen
Briconet Redoubt (), also known as Marsaskala Redoubt () or the Vendôme Entrenchment (), is a redoubt in Marsaskala, Malta. It was built in 1715 by the Order of Saint John as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands. Until recently, the redoubt was used as a police station.
History
Briconet Redoubt was built in 1715 as part of the first building programme of coastal batteries and redoubts in Malta. It formed part of the defences of Marsaskala Bay, which also included the large St. Thomas Tower and Battery and the now-demolished Żonqor Tower.
Briconet Redoubt's structure is typical of most other coastal redoubts built in Malta. It consists of a pentagonal platform having short flanks, and a rectangular blockhouse sealing off the gorge. Unlike other redoubts, the gorge and flanks have high boundary walls pierced by musketry loopholes. These were built to defend the redoubt from a landward attack, since it is overlooked by high ground.
Construction of the redoubt cost 768 scudi. These were paid by the knight Giovanni Battista Briconet, and the redoubt was named in their honour. The redoubt was initially garrisoned by militia from Żejtun, and it was armed with two cannons.
Present day
Today, Briconet Redoubt is still intact and in good condition, being one of the best preserved redoubts in Malta. A few modern modifications have been made, such as the opening of a small doorway on one of its faces to enable access from the modern road. The redoubt is surrounded by modern buildings, including Marsaskala's parish church, which have completely blocked its relation with the sea.
Until the early 21st century, Briconet Redoubt was used as the Marsaskala Police Station, until this was moved to an irregular structure in a garden next to the church. Today, the redoubt is a Grade 1 national monument and it is also listed on the National Inventory of the Cultural Property of the Maltese Islands.
References
External links
National Inventory of the Cultural Property of the Maltese Islands
Redoubts in Malta
Hospitaller fortifications in Malta
Military installations established in 1715
Defunct police stations in Malta
Marsaskala
Limestone buildings in Malta
National Inventory of the Cultural Property of the Maltese Islands
18th-century fortifications
1715 establishments in Malta
Buildings and structures in Marsaskala
Heman Allen (February 23, 1779April 7, 1852) was an American lawyer, politician and ambassador from Colchester, Vermont. They served as a U.S. Representative and as America's first United States Minister Plenipotentiary to Chile.
Biography
Allen was born in Poultney, Vermont Republic on February 23, 1779, the son of Heber Allen (1743-1782) and Sarah (Owen) Allen (1748-1787). They attended the common schools, and graduated from Dartmouth College in 1795. They studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1801. They began the practice of law in Colchester, Vermont.
They were town clerk of Colchester from 1807 until 1817. They served as Sheriff of Chittenden County from 1808 until 1810, when they were succeeded by Heman Lowry. Allen was Chief Justice of the Chittenden County court from 1811 until 1814. They were treasurer of the University of Vermont in 1815.
Allen served as a member of the Vermont House of Representatives from 1812 until 1817. While in the State House they received the appointment of quartermaster of militia, with the rank of Brigadier general. They were elected as a Democratic-Republican candidate to the Fifteenth Congress, serving from March 4, 1817, until their resignation on April 20, 1818. Allen resigned from Congress to become United States Marshal for the district of Vermont on December 14, 1818; they were reappointed on December 24, 1822. Allen was the agent for paying pensioners in 1819.
They were appointed by President James Monroe as America's first United States Minister Plenipotentiary to the new republic of Chile beginning on January 27, 1823. Allen continued in Chile as minister until July 31, 1827.
In 1829, Allen was the unsuccessful gubernatorial candidate of the new Anti-Masonic Party, which supported them though they had not indicated whether they supported the party or its platform. Allen was the unsuccessful National Republican Party candidate in 1831. They served as president of the Burlington branch of the United States Bank from 1830 until the expiration of its charter in 1836. Following the expiration of the bank's charter, they resumed the practice of law in Highgate.
Personal life
When Allen was making arrangements for passage to Chile, they met Elizabeth Hart, the sister-in-law of Isaac Hull. They married before Allen left for their diplomatic mission. They died in 1834, as did their daughter Jeanette.
In 1844, Allen married Eliza Davis Fay. They were the parents of three daughters and a son.
Allen was the nephew of Ira Allen and Ethan Allen. They were the distant cousin of Heman Allen (of Milton).
Death
Allen died on April 7, 1852, in Highgate. They in interred at Greenmount Cemetery in Burlington.
See also
United States Ambassador to Chile
References
External links
Biographical Directory of the United States Congress
Ancestry.com
The Political Graveyard
Govtrack.us
|-
1779 births
1852 deaths
People from Poultney (town), Vermont
Democratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Vermont
Vermont Whigs
Ambassadors of the United States to Chile
19th-century American diplomats
Members of the Vermont House of Representatives
Vermont sheriffs
United States Marshals
Dartmouth College alumni
Burials in Vermont
Carenum cordipenne is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1897.
References
cordipenne
Beetles described in 1897
Fajãzinha is a civil parish in the municipality of Lajes das Flores located from the main town of Lajes das Flores, on the western coast of Portuguese island of Flores. The population in 2021 was 71, in an area of . It contains the localities Fajãzinha and Ladeiras.
History
The western coast was explored during the middle of the 16th century, with the first stable settlements appearing in the beginning of the following century. These first colonists were captained by João Soares, native of São Miguel, who settled in the area of Lajedo.
Fajãzinha was de-annexed from Lajes das Flores in July 1676, by provision of the bishop of Angra, friar D. Lourenço de Castro. The parish of Nossa Senhora dos Remédios das Fajãs was established, with a jurisdiction that included the western coast from Ponta da Fajã until Mosteiro. It is the fourth oldest religious parish on the island.
One of the first stories from Fajãzinha was in 1789, by a judge, José Gonçalves da Silva, who referred to the construction of a stone bridge over the Ribeira Grande. It was a formidable construction for the era. It became historically referred to as a ponte da má memória (the bridge of bad memories); as Father António Camões would relate:
[There was a flood in 1794] that did not just destroy the bridge, but not as much as a small vestige, no remains, it disappeared from the rivers course, disappearing into the sea, leaving a large sandy debris field to a distance of 300 braças [], with unmeasurable loss for the farmers who had lands along the river's banks, and whom to the sea lost all.
Administratively, Fajãzinha has always been an administrative division of Lajes das Flores. Between 1895 and 1898, it was de-annexed from Lajes and incorporated into the neighbouring municipality of Santa Cruz das Flores. Since 1616 it was the religious center of the parish of the Fajãs, a Catholic organ whose principal patron was Nossa Senhora dos Remédios, that included Ponta, Fajã Grande, Caldeira and Mosteiro. But by 1850, Mosteiro and Caldeira become their own parishes, and in 1861, Fajã Grande and Ponta Delgada das Flores, received the same privilege.
20th century
On 3 December 2010, around 5:00 am, following 72 consecutive hours of rain, a mudslide hit the town, causing severe destruction. During the event, homes were inundated, while cars and property were dragged away by a river of mud, water, vegetation and refuse from the village. At about 11:50 a.m., as the showers dissipated, the extent of the damage was made evident: the junta de freguesia (), main access to the hamlet, and electricity were cut off (although EDA, the local utility, was able to put the village on generators quickly). As some villagers congregated in the primary school and local church, some were immediately evacuated to the tourist village of Cuada to the south of parish.
On 13 June 2012, the Secretaria Regional da Ciência, Tecnologia e Equipamentos (Regional Secretariat for Science, Technology and Equipment) awarded the contract for construction of two retaining walls, construction of ditches and new paving of the parish to Tecnovia Açores, S.A. in order to improve access to the region following the mudslides.
Geography
The parish is located on the west coast of the Flores, south of the Fajã Grande, and extends through an irregular plain that includes four crater-lakes: Lagoa Funda (Deep Lake, which is deep), Lagoa Comprida (Long Lake), Lagoa Branca (White Lake), and Lagoa Seca (Dry Lake). It is an area of many peat-bogs, and forests of endemic plants, including the cedro-do-mato (Azorean juniper), used by local artisans. Nearby is the waterfall, Cascata da Ribeira Grande.
Fajãzinha is intersected by the Ribeira Grande, a major river/rapids on the island, which, apart from its crystalline waters, is known for its innumerable floods. Father José António Camões, in their work Roteiro Exacto da Costa da Ilha, mentions the following:
Passing that population you will encounter Ribeira Grande, which divides this parish...its exaggerated force and impetuousness, which is truly great. The waters fall from a formidable height, extreme in the parish of Fajãzinha, from a height of 200 braças [] it falls; it incorporates and aggregates all the waters of the headlands, which demarcate the parish, from the east to southwest, which is the river-valley of the blacksmiths, four grottoes, without name in the Rocha do Velho, the grotto do Enchente, whose waters increase in volume and become furious in the winter, and also when there is rain in the summer, its invariable.
The region is a natural jewel, that João Vieira wrote:
“Along the difficult, the hand of man, with much sweat, constructed a church and houses, opened a road where heavy trucks cross, means of communication with the rest of the island. It's an admirable example of the implantation in the land and harmony with nature. Seen from above, the houses, maybe because of jealousy, run to the seas, accompanying Ribeira Grande, which has for four centuries have filled the navigable waters that crossed between the Old and New World. Between cereal fields of corn that circle the white homes, a road of black asphalt serpentine between greenery. If a biblical paradise existed by the sea...we could think that this corner was part of it...
The 2011 Lorca earthquake was responsible for creating a special wetland around the coast of Fajazinha. Baptized the Lagoa do Rolo, it has become the most westerly lake in Europe, although it is considerably small, spawning a small habitat for migrating birds from North America, during the fall (including the hawfinch and the hooded merganser).
Architecture
Civic
Haylofts of Ramal (), a series of two-storey basalt buildings used for the collection of hay and stores for the winter months;
Watermill of Ribeira da Alagoa (), a 19th-century watermill consisting of an "L"-shape structure that served as home and workplace for a corn miller, today used as museological pole to perpetuate agricultural history.
Religious
Church of Nossa Senhora dos Remédios (), triple nave structure constructed through the dedication of Father Alexandre Mesquito, and later supported by contributions of its parishioners (resulting in the addition of the belltower).
References
Notes
Sources
Freguesias of Lajes das Flores
The Cornishman was a British express passenger train to Penzance in Cornwall. From its inception in the 19th century until before World War II it originated at London Paddington. Under British Railways the name was applied to a different service, starting variously from Wolverhampton, Leeds or Bradford.
Broad gauge
The Cornishman originates from the days of Brunel's broad gauge, first running in summer 1890 between London Paddington and in Cornwall. The down train left Paddington at 10:15, and called at Bristol at 12:45, Exeter at 14:20, at 13:50, arriving Penzance at 19:50. At 8 hours and 35 minutes for the 325¼ miles, this made it the fastest train to the West of England, being 10 minutes faster than the Flying Dutchman. The Cornishman was also a popular train and was unusual for an important named train in conveying third-class passengers. On 20 May 1892 The Cornishman became the last broad-gauge express to leave London for Cornwall.
Locomotives and stock
As a broad gauge train, the section through south Devon was typically hauled by a 3501 class locomotive and consisted of four-wheeled coaches.
London to Cornwall
In 1895 the Great Western Railway (GWR),now at standard gauge, laid water troughs at Goring and Keynsham allowing The Cornishman to be the first train to run non-stop between London and Bristol. The departure time from London was altered to 10:30, and after another reduction of 15 minutes in 1903 The Cornishman became the first train to be scheduled from London to Bristol in 2 hours.
The train had become so popular by 1896 that non-stop running was extended when a relief section for was booked to travel from Paddington to Exeter non-stop, the longest non-stop journey in the world at that time, although the up train still called at Bristol until 1899. The train then called at Plymouth, Par and Newquay only in the down direction, with additional stops at Liskeard and Devonport in the up direction.
In July 1904, the GWR introduced a new express train to replace The Cornishman: the Cornish Riviera Limited, running non-stop from Paddington to Plymouth North Road station and then through Cornwall to Penzance. The Cornishman name was not used again until summer 1935, when it was re-introduced for the 10:35 relief to the Cornish Riviera Limited. The timetable showed the "Limited" running non-stop to Truro, although stopping to add a banker at Newton Abbot and to change engines at Devonport; The Cornishman had the Weymouth Slip coach, and contained portions for Plymouth, Newquay, Helston, St Erth and Penzance. In the up direction The Cornishman started at , and served Gwinear Road, Truro, and stations from Par to Plymouth. This was, however, a brief return as in the summer 1936 timetable the same train had returned to unnamed anonymity and ran on saturdays only.
Locomotives and stock
In 1893 the GWR built special Brake Third coaches for The Cornishman to Diagrams D10 and D11. Ten of these coaches were built being 56 ft long with 4 compartments, clerestory roof, a lavatory and through corridor connection.
Initial runs as a standard gauge train were hauled between Paddington and Exeter by 3031 class single wheelers with corridor stock, the train including a restaurant car as well from 1899, but after 1900 Atbara class locomotives started to be used.
In 1903 a visit by the then Prince and Princess of Wales paid a visit to Cornwall and to facilitate their travel, special coaches were attached to the first portion of The Cornishman. The first new-build City class locomotive No. 3433 City of Bath was specially prepared and a non-stop run to Plymouth achieved in 3 hours 53 minutes. This non-stop run was a significant factor in setting the Cornish Riviera Limited, the successor to The Cornishman, as running non-stop to Plymouth.
When the name was briefly revived in 1935 the heavy loading required a King class locomotive through to Plymouth with a pilot added over the south Devon banks. As the King class were not permitted over the Royal Albert Bridge a locomotive change was carried out at Plymouth with a 4-6-0 County, Hall class or Castle class the usual traction on the Cornish Main Line. As the relief to the Cornish Riviera, Centenary stock was usual on the train which included a restaurant car.
Move to the Midlands
In the 1952 timetable, the name The Cornishman was applied by Western Region of British Railways to a train from Wolverhampton Low Level (09:15) and Birmingham Snow Hill (09:50) to Plymouth and Penzance (17:55), travelling via , and Bristol, and conveying a slip portion for Taunton. The return working left Penzance at 10:30, reaching Birmingham at 18:36 and Wolverhampton at 19:28. Catering was available throughout the journey and the train conveyed a portion for and .
During the 1960s the northern part of The Cornishman's route underwent extensive changes. Closure of the GWR route from Honeybourne to Cheltenham meant using the ex Midland Railway route from Birmingham to Gloucester via the Lickey Incline. With the impending closure of the Wolverhampton Low Level station the opportunity was also taken to extend The Cornishman over the former Midland line to Derby and Sheffield, and later on to Bradford Forster Square. By May 1967 departure was from Bradford Exchange at 07:06, then reversing at Leeds with a departure time of 07:36. This gave arrival times at Plymouth of 15:08 and Penzance at 17:55. In the reverse direction The Cornishman left Penzance at 11:00 and Plymouth at 13:30, arriving at Bradford at 22:07.
Further changes in the early 1970s saw The Cornishman start from Leeds on weekdays and Bradford on Saturdays. There were also changes to the route between Leeds and Sheffield, reverting to the former Midland lines rather than using a section of ex-Great Northern track. The additional stop at Wakefield Westgate which this had enabled was, however, retained.
Locomotives and stock
When reintroduced The Cornishman was hauled on the Western Region by Castle class engines, but towards the end of steam these were supplanted by 4-6-0 Counties. Initially the stock was of GWR origin, but as BR Mark 1 stock became available by the late 1950s this was used, but being a named train these were in chocolate and cream livery as opposed to the standard BR maroon.
During the early 1970s The Cornishman often brought Class 45 diesels right through to Penzance, while at other times a locomotive change at either Bristol or Birmingham would result in haulage by Western Region based locomotives such as the Class 52 Westerns. These trains were formed of Mark 1 stock with 13 coaches being a typical load. A restaurant car was included but did not operate west of Plymouth or north of Sheffield.
Great Western Railway (TOC)
In 2006, First Great Western, now Great Western Railway began to use the Cornishman name once again, running from London Paddington to Penzance. It departs London at 15:06 and arrives in Penzance at 20:40. An up journey is made by the 10:00 from Penzance to London, running non-stop between Taunton and Reading, arriving in London at 15:22 (Mondays to Fridays in 2019).
Notes
References
Citations
References
Further reading
Named passenger trains of the Great Western Railway
Named passenger trains of British Rail
Railway services discontinued in 1904
Railway services discontinued in 1936
Railway services introduced in 1890
Railway services introduced in 1935
Railway services introduced in 1952
Transport in Cornwall
The 2014–15 Honduran Liga Nacional de Ascenso was the 48th season of the Second level in Honduran football and the 13th under the name Liga Nacional de Ascenso. Under the management of Roger Espinoza, Juticalpa F.C. won the tournament after winning both the Apertura and Clausura seasons and obtained automatic promotion to the 2015–16 Honduran Liga Nacional.
Promotion
As winners of both Apertura and Clausura, Juticalpa F.C. obtained automatic promotion to 2015–16 Honduran Liga Nacional and no promotion series was required.
References
Ascenso
2014
Quinsigamond Community College ()(colloq: QCC, Quinsig) is a public community college in Worcester, Massachusetts. It has an enrollment of over 7,000 students. Many students are enrolled in the college's transfer program, MassTransfer, with the intent of continuing on to a college or university in the state.
History
Founded in 1963, QCC occupies a campus within the Greendale neighborhood of Worcester, which was formerly owned by the Assumption Preparatory School. The college maintains twelve satellite campuses in locations such as nearby Marlborough and Southbridge.
QCC offers day, evening, and online classes, which include over sixty associate degree programs and over fifty certificate programs in nine course categories.
QCC has a Center for Workforce Development and Continuing Education, which offers low-cost training programs that enable individuals to learn new skills that can be applied on the job or utilized for future professional development. The Center works closely with local companies and organizations to meet specific organizational goals.
Accreditation
QCC is accredited by the New England Commission of Higher Education. Individual programs of study are also fully accredited by specific agencies such the American Dental Association, the American Occupational Therapy Association, the Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs, the National Association for the Education of Young Children, and the National League for Nursing.
Athletics
QCC is part of the Massachusetts Community College Athletic Association, and competes in Division III of the National Junior College Athletic Association.
In 2010, QCC athletes became known as the Wyverns, after the legendary, two-legged dragon.
Notable faculty
Fannie Gaston-Johansson, professor of nursing
Notable alumni
Richie Barker, Major League Baseball player
John Binienda, member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
Brooke Brodack, viral video comedian
Jay Cutler, professional bodybuilder and four-time Mr. Olympia
Rick Hayes, member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
Michael Moore, member of the Massachusetts Senate
Brian Skerry, photographer
Tanyon Sturtze, Major League Baseball player
See also
Colleges of Worcester Consortium
Massachusetts Community College Athletic Association
List of NJCAA Division III schools
References
External links
1963 establishments in Massachusetts
Educational institutions established in 1963
Universities and colleges in Worcester, Massachusetts
Community colleges in Massachusetts
NJCAA athletics
Charles Perrot (1642 – 10 June 1686) was an English politician. They were Member of Parliament for Oxford University from 1679 until their death.
Perrot was educated at St John's College, Oxford, and became a fellow in 1664.
References
1642 births
1686 deaths
Fellows of St John's College, Oxford
Members of the pre-1707 Parliament of England for the University of Oxford
In art history a speech scroll (also called a banderole or phylactery) is an illustrative device denoting speech, song, or other types of sound.
Developed independently on two continents, the device was in use by artists within Mesoamerican cultures from as early as 650 BC until after the Spanish conquest in the 16th century, and 13th and 14th European painters. While European speech scrolls were drawn as if they were an actual unfurled scroll or strip of parchment, Mesoamerican speech scrolls are scroll-shaped, looking much like a question mark.
Mesoamerica
Speech scrolls are found throughout the Mesoamerica area. An early example is a Olmec ceramic cylinder seal dated to c. 650 BC, where two lines emit from a bird's mouth followed by glyphs proposed to be "3 Ajaw," a ruler's name. The murals of the Classic era site at Teotihuacan are filled with speech scrolls, in particular tableaus in the Tepantitla compound—this mural, for example, has more than 20 speech scrolls.
In Mesoamerica, speech-scrolls are usually oriented upwards along the longest outer edge so that the central element (or "tongue") curves downward as it spirals. Some Mesoamerican scrolls are divided lengthwise with each side given a different shade. Glyphs or similar markings rarely appear on the Mesoamerican speech scroll, although "tabs"—small, triangular or square blocks—are sometimes seen along the outer edge. If the speech scroll represents a tongue, then the tabs may represent teeth, but their meaning or message, if any, is not known.
At times, speech scrolls are decorated with devices that describe the tone of the speech:
In an engraving at the Maya site of Chichen Itza, a ruler's speech scroll takes the form of a serpent.
A Spaniard's speech scroll in a 16th-century Aztec codex is decorated with feathers to denote "soft, smooth words".
In another 16th-century codex, the Selden Codex, two Mixtec rulers (photo above) are shown insulting two ambassadors through the use of "flint knife" icons attached to the speech scrolls.
After the Spanish Conquest, the indigenous languages received adaptations of the Latin alphabet and many codices were sponsored to be written in this epoch, such as Codex Quinatzin, that combines speech scrolls with actual writing.
European
In contrast to the abstract nature of Mesoamerican speech scrolls, Medieval European speech scrolls or banderoles appear as actual scrolls, floating in apparent three-dimensional space (or in actual space in sculpture). They first become common at the start of the Gothic period. Previously, as in Byzantine art, spoken words, if they appeared at all, were usually painted alongside a figure; these are called tituli. However, earlier works using banderoles are the Aachen Gospels of Otto III (c. 975) and the 12th-century English Romanesque Cloisters Cross. The latter work demonstrates the use of banderoles as attributes for Old Testament prophets, to distinguish them from the book-carrying Four Evangelists of the New Testament and other Christian saints, a convention appearing in Italy in the 13th century. It may be seen in the Santa Trinita Maestà by Cimabue (Uffizi, 1280–90), Duccio's Maestà (1308–11), and other works. The convention had a historical appropriateness, as the Old Testament was originally written on scrolls, whereas nearly all surviving New Testament manuscripts are codices (like modern books). They may also be used for the words of angels, especially Gabriel's greeting to Mary in Annunciation scenes.
During the 14th century, quotations in banderoles increasingly allowed artists to include more complex ideas in their works, though for the moment usually in Latin, thus greatly restricting the audience that could follow them.
European speech scrolls usually contain the spoken words, much like a modern-day speech balloon. The majority of these are in religious works and contain Biblical quotations from the figure depicted – Old Testament prophets for example, were often shown with an appropriate quotation from their work. Because the words are usually religious in nature, the speech scroll is often written in Latin even when appearing in woodcut illustrations for books written in the vernacular. This would also enable the illustration to be used in editions in other languages.
European speech scrolls may at times be seen in secular works as well and may also contain the name of a person to identify them. On carved figures the words would usually be painted on the scroll and have since worn away. In some Late Gothic and Renaissance works, and in architectural decoration, very elaborate empty banderoles seem to be for decorative purposes only. European speech scroll fell out of favor largely due to an increasing interest in realism in painting; the halo had a similar decline.
See also
Banderole – a streamer or pennant
Speech balloon
Citations
General references
Boone, Elizabeth (1994). Writing Without Words: Alternative Literacies in Mesoamerica and the Andes, Duke University Press.
Coggins, Clement Chase (1992). "Pure Language & Lapidary Prose" in New Theories on the Ancient Maya, Elin C. Danien and Robert J. Sharer, Eds., University of Pennsylvania Museum.
Hilmo, Maidie (2004) Medieval Images, Icons, and Chaucer Illustrated English Literary Texts: From Ruthwell Cross to the Ellesmere Chaucer, Ashgate Publishing.
Holt, Dennis "About the Endangered Language Fund Logo", accessed November 2007.
Ladis, Andrew & Maginnis, Hayden B. J. (1997), Painting in the Age of Giotto: A Historical Reevaluation, Penn State Press, , , google books
Pohl, Mary; Pope, Kevin O.; Nagy, Christopher von (2002). "Olmec Origins of Mesoamerican Writing", in Science, vol. 298, pp. 1984–1987.
Wishart Trevor (1966). On Sonic Art. Routledge.
External links
Iconography
Medieval art
Mesoamerican art
Visual motifs
"I Belong to You" is a song recorded by Australian singer Gina G from their debut album, Fresh! (1997). It was released on 28 October 1996 as the follow-up to "Ooh Aah... Just a Little Bit" and was their first release to be produced by Metro, who would produce the majority of their singles. Written by them with Bill Colbourne, it spent two weeks in the UK top 10, peaking at number six and spending a further 9 weeks in the top 75 (and a further 9 weeks in the top 200). The single also was a top 20 hit in Denmark, Finland, Ireland and Mexico. Gina G performed "I Belong to You" in various TV-shows, like Top of the Pops and WOW!.
Critical reception
British magazine Music Week rated "I Belong to You" four out of five, complimenting it as "hugely catchy dance pop." The reviewer added, "It is unlikely to get as much exposure as their Eurovision contender, but deserves to be a smash." Pop Rescue stated that the song followed "Ooh Aah... Just a Little Bit" "perfectly as it is fairly similar in sound", noting that it "really gallops along, with a chugging fat synth line as Gina's vocals sit flawlessly on top. This is a lovely dance pop song." A reviewer from Sunday Mirror described it as "high energy".
Chart performance
"I Belong to You" proved to be a major hit on several continents. In Europe, it was a top 10 hit in Iceland, Scotland and the UK. In the latter, it went straight to number six in its first week at the UK Singles Chart, on 3 November 1996. But on Music Weeks on a Pop Tip Club Chart, it peaked at number-one. Additionally, the single was a top 20 hit in Denmark, Finland and Ireland, and a top 30 hit in Sweden. On the Eurochart Hot 100, it hit number 37. Outside Europe, it was successful in Israel, peaking at number eight and reaching the top 20 in Mexico. "I Belong to You" also charted in Canada, reaching number 21 on the RPM Dance/Urban chart and in Australia, where it peaked at number 34.
Music video
A music video was made for "I Belong to You", featuring Gina G dressed as a genie in a lamp. It was directed by directors Max Giwa and Dania Pasquini, known as just Max & Dania.
Track listings
UK: CD Maxi (WEA081CD)"I Belong to You" (Radio Edit) – 3:19
"I Belong to You" (12" Extended Mix) – 5:46
"I Belong to You" (Hysteric Ego Vocal Mix) – 6:11
"I Belong to You" (Matt Darey Mix) – 6:56
"I Belong to You" (Phat 'N' Phunky Club Mix) – 7:42
"I Belong to You" (Hysteric Ego Dub) – 6:11
UK: Limited Edition CD Maxi (WEA081CDX)'
"I Belong to You" (Radio Edit) – 3:19
"Ooh Aah... Just a Little Bit" – Eurovision Version) – 3:02
"Ooh Aah... Just a Little Bit" – Karaoke Version) – 3:02
Gina Interview – 14:06
Other versions:
"I Belong to You" (DJ Tonka's Expect The Unexpected Mix) – 7:28 (from UK promotional 12")
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
1996 singles
1996 songs
Gina G songs
Music videos directed by Max & Dania
Dame Anita Mildred Allen DBE (born 21 December 1947) is the President of the Court of Appeal of the Bahamas, a position which they have held since 30 November 2010.
Career
Allen became a Justice of the Supreme Court of the Bahamas in 1995, and was elevated to Senior Justice in 2005. They also served as Acting Chief Justice in 2007. In November 2010, they succeeded Joan Sawyer as President of the Court of Appeal. They thus became the second woman to hold that post, and the third women in a high position in the judiciary of the Bahamas.
They were appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the 2016 New Year Honours.
Personal life and education
Allen was born in New Providence. They did their secondary education at Government High School, their LL.B. at The College of Law in London, and their Certificate of Legal Drafting at the University of the West Indies at Cave Hill in Cave Hill, Saint Michael, Barbados.
 They are married to former Cabinet Minister Algernon Allen. The couple have five children: Algernon Jr; Antoine, Aliya, Amil and Phylicia.
References
1947 births
Living people
Bahamian judges
People from New Providence
Presidents of the Court of Appeal of the Bahamas
University of the West Indies alumni
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Ernst Lieb is an American business executive who has assumed the roles of President and CEO of Mercedes-Benz USA on September 1, 2006, replacing Paul Halata. They returned to Australia and became a part owner of a company called Motorworld, which owns Jeep-Chrysler dealerships. They had previously been President and CEO of DaimlerChrysler's Australia & Pacific division. Prior to their role in Australia, they had been President and CEO of Mercedes-Benz Canada since July 1, 1995. They have a long history with Mercedes-Benz, starting in 1975 as a spare-parts specialist.
Mercedes-Benz placed third in the 2010 J.D. Power and Associates Sales Satisfaction Index (SSI) study and surpassed Lexus.
Lieb has been a resident of Mahwah, New Jersey.
References
1955 births
Living people
German chief executives
Chief executives in the automobile industry
Mercedes-Benz
American chief executives in the automobile industry
People from Mahwah, New Jersey
Lumino may refer to:
Lumino, Switzerland in south-eastern Switzerland
Lumino, Uganda in Busia District, Uganda
Lumino (band), a hip-hop group based in Mongolia
Justice Lyman may refer to:
Daniel Lyman, chief justice of the Rhode Island Supreme Court
Frank H. Lyman, associate justice of the Arizona Supreme Court
Lidija Osterc (1928 - 2006) was a Slovene painter and illustrator, best known for their illustrations of children's books.
They won the Levstik Award for their illustrations in children's books three times, in 1964, 1966, 1969.
Selected Illustrated Works
Strašni lovec Bumbum (Bumbum the Terrifying Hunter), written by Tone Pavček, 1969
Očala tete Bajavaje (Aunt Bajavaja's Specs), written by Ela Peroci, 1969
Sneguljčica (Snow White), written by Brothers Grimm, 1966
Hišica iz kock (House of Building Blocks), written by Ela Peroci, 1964
References
Slovenian illustrators
Slovenian children's book illustrators
Slovenian women illustrators
1928 births
2006 deaths
Levstik Award laureates
University of Ljubljana alumni
Slovenian women artists
20th-century Slovenian painters
20th-century women artists
The is a river in the Kantō region of Japan. It is in length (the second longest in Japan after the Shinano) and has a drainage area of (the largest in Japan). It is nicknamed Bandō Tarō (); Bandō is an obsolete alias of the Kantō Region, and Tarō is a popular given name for the oldest son. It is regarded as one of the "Three Greatest Rivers" of Japan, the others being the Yoshino in Shikoku and the Chikugo in Kyūshū.
Geography
The source of the Tone River is at () () in the Echigo Mountains, which straddle the border between Gunma and Niigata Prefectures in Jōshin'etsu Kōgen National Park. The Tone gathers tributaries and pours into the Pacific Ocean at Cape Inubō, Choshi in Chiba Prefecture.
Tributaries
Major tributaries of the Tone River include the Agatsuma, Watarase, Kinu, Omoi, and the . The Edo River branches away from the river and flows into Tokyo Bay.
History
The Tone River was once known for its uncontrollable nature, and its route changed whenever floods occurred. It is hard to trace its ancient route, but it originally flowed into Tokyo Bay along the route of the present-day Edo River, and tributaries like the Watarase and Kinu had independent river systems. For the sake of water transportation and flood control, extensive construction began in the 17th century during the Tokugawa shogunate, when the Kantō region became the political center of Japan. The course of the river was significantly changed, and the present route of the river was determined during the Meiji period, with the assistance of Dutch civil engineer Anthonie Rouwenhorst Mulder. Its vast watershed is thus largely artificial.
Two ships of the Imperial Japanese Navy were named after the river, one of World War I vintage and another from World War II, the lead ship of its class.
Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster
As a result of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster radioactive cesium concentrations of 110 becquerels per kilogram were found in silver crucian carp fish caught in the Tone River in April 2012. The river is from the Fukushima Daiichi Plant. Six fishery cooperatives and 10 towns along the river were asked to stop all shipments of fish caught in the Tone.
Use
The Tone River was an indispensable inland water link between the capitol at Edo, and later Tokyo, to the Pacific Ocean. It carried not only local products like soy sauce from Choshi, but also products from the Tōhoku region, in order to save time and to avoid risk in the open sea. With the advent of the railway in the 19th century major shipping on the Tone quickly declined, and inland ports such as Noda, Sekiyado, now part of Noda, Nagareyama, and Sawara, now part of Katori diminished in importance. Today the river has several dams that supply water for more than 30 million inhabitants of metropolitan Tokyo and large-scale industrial areas such as the Keiyō Industrial Zone.
Rafting and kayaking
The Minakami onsen area in Gunma Prefecture is near the source for the Tone River and during the Spring snow melt period, April - June, the river provides consistent grade 4 rapids (on the International Scale of River Difficulty) over a stretch. The river provides some of the best white water rafting and kayaking in Japan. The snow melt swells the river to grade 4 in spring; in the summer it is a gentle grade 2. The Momijikyo section has 7 grade 3-4 rapids for and is long in total.
Cycling
The Tone River is home to Japan's longest car free cycling path. At over 220km long the Tone River Cycling Road 利根川サイクリングロード starts in Shibukawa City, Gunma and runs all the way to Choshi City, Chiba. The total route is over 230km but the final 10km or so into Choshi is on a road. The remaining 220km is on detached cycling paths high up on the river bank with great views of mountains while in Gunma and large rice fields and agriculture as you approach the ocean.
Image gallery
References
External links
Rivers of Gunma Prefecture
Rivers of Ibaraki Prefecture
Rivers of Saitama Prefecture
Rivers of Chiba Prefecture
Rivers of Japan
Anton Johannes Collin (12 October 1891 – 31 May 1973) was a Finnish cross country skier and road cyclist. They won the 50 km event at the 1922 Holmenkollen ski festival, becoming the first non-Norwegian to win at Holmenkollen. At the 1924 Winter Olympics they placed 16th over 18 km, and failed to finish their 50 km race. They also abandoned their 188 km cycling race at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Cross-country skiing results
Olympic Games
World Championships
References
External links
Holmenkollen winners since 1892 – click Vinnere for downloadable pdf file
Picture of Anton Collin and Matti Raivo
1891 births
1973 deaths
People from Keuruu
People from Vaasa Province (Grand Duchy of Finland)
Finnish male cross-country skiers
Olympic cross-country skiers of Finland
Cross-country skiers at the 1924 Winter Olympics
Holmenkollen Ski Festival winners
Finnish male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Finland
Cyclists at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Central Finland
alive is a monthly Canadian natural health and wellness magazine. The magazine provides readers with information on leading healthy lifestyles, and focuses on a range of topics from natural health, organics, fitness, beauty, and nutrition, to holistic healing, emotional health and sustainability. The headquarters of the magazine is in Richmond, British Columbia. alive is distributed in Canadian health retailers and can be purchased through personal subscriptions.
History
The magazine was started in Vancouver in 1975 by Canadian Health Reform Products for the Canadian Health Food Association. It is published by Alive Publishing Group Inc. Notable contributors include William E. Rees and David Suzuki.
In June 2008, Masthead Online reported that alive ranked 31st in revenues of all Canadian magazines, and had a readership (according to the Print Measurement Bureau) of 562,000.
References
External links
Official website
1975 establishments in British Columbia
Health magazines
Lifestyle magazines published in Canada
Magazines established in 1975
Magazines published in British Columbia
Magazines published in Vancouver
Monthly magazines published in Canada
Parma is a city in northern Italy, the capital of the Province of Parma.
Parma may also refer to:
Terms related to Parma, Italy
History
The Duchy of Parma, a feudal name for the principality around Parma
Alessandro Farnese, Duke of Parma and Piacenza, Governor of the Spanish Netherlands from 1578 to 1592
49 Infantry Division Parma an Italian infantry division of World War II
Food
Parma ham, a name for 'Prosciutto', a type of Italian dry-cured ham
Parmigiana, an Italian food dish
Parmesan, an Italian hard cheese
other
Parma River, which divides the city and is a tributary of the Po river
Parma Calcio 1913, the football (soccer) team from Parma
The Charterhouse of Parma, a French 1839 novel by Stendhal set primarily in Parma
Places and jurisdictions elsewhere
in the United States
Parma, Colorado
Parma, Idaho
Parma Township, Michigan
Parma, Michigan in Parma Township, Michigan
Parma, Missouri
Parma, New York
Parma, Ohio
Parma of the Ruthenians, a Midwest suffragan eparchy (diocese) of the Ruthenenian Catholic Archeparchy of Pittsburgh
Parma Heights, Ohio
Parma Senior High School, a public high school in Parma, Ohio
in Europe (except Italy)
Parma, Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Parma, Russia, several inhabited localities in Russia
in Asia
Parma, Tibet
Parma, a yayla and hamlet in Çaykara district of Trabzon.
Parma Valley, Ladakh
People
Bruno Parma, a Slovene chess Grandmaster
Jiří Parma, Czech ski jumper
Other uses
Parma (barque), a sailing ship built in 1902 and scrapped in 1938
Parma (shield), a Roman shield
Parma (fish), a genus of fish
Parma, a letter of the Tengwar alphabet
Parma wallaby, a macropod
Parma, a planet from the Phantasy Star series mythos
Typhoon Parma, a name used for two northwestern Pacific Ocean tropical cyclones
Parma Violets, a British confectionery
See also
Parmigiano (disambiguation)
Parmo
Cyriel Kolawole Dessers (born 8 December 1994) is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for club Cremonese. Born in Belgium, they play for the Nigeria national team.
Club career
OH Leuven
During the 2013–14 season, 19-year-old Dessers stood out in the reserves and youth competitions for OH Leuven, scoring over 20 goals. With OHL in danger of relegation and several first team strikers either out of shape, injured or suspended, they were given their first minutes in the first team in a 3–2 away loss against Mons.
Lokeren and NAC Breda
In April 2014, Dessers signed a two-year deal with Lokeren.
In July 2016, they signed with NAC Breda on a contract until summer 2019, of Dutch second-tier Eerste divisie. On 28 May 2017, they were promoted to the Eredivisie, after a 1–4 victory over NEC, in which Dessers scored three goals. They finished the season with 29 goals in 40 matches.
FC Utrecht
In July 2017, Dessers moved to FC Utrecht, agreeing a contract for three years with an option for an additional year. On 11 August 2017, they scored the first goal in the competition.
After the 2019–20 Eredivisie season was abandoned, Dessers was jointly awarded the top goalscorer award alongside Steven Berghuis with 15 goals each.
Genk and loan to Feyenoord
On 30 June 2020, Dessers moved to Genk on a four-year deal.
On 31 August 2021, Dessers returned to the Netherlands to join Feyenoord on loan with an option to buy. They scored their first goal for the club on 19 September, scoring Feyenoord's fourth goal in a 4–0 away win against PSV. On 1 June 2022, Feyenoord announced that they had opted not to exercise the option to purchase Dressers' contract.
Cremonese
On 10 August 2022, Dessers signed with Cremonese in Italy.
International career
Born in Belgium to a Belgian father and Nigerian mother, Dessers chose to represent Nigeria at international level in December 2019.
On 4 March 2020, they were called up by Nigeria head coach Gernot Rohr as part of the team players invited for the Africa Cup of Nations qualifying fixtures against Sierra Leone. Dessers debuted in a friendly 1–1 draw with Tunisia on 13 October 2020.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Nigeria's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Dessers goal.
Honours
Genk
Belgian Cup: 2020–21
Feyenoord
UEFA Europa Conference League runner-up: 2021–22
Individual
Eredivisie top scorer: 2019–20
UEFA Europa Conference League top scorer: 2021–22
UEFA Europa Conference League Team of the Season: 2021–22
References
External links
Belgium profile at Belgian FA
1994 births
Living people
People from Tongeren
Footballers from Flemish Brabant
Nigerian people of Belgian descent
Belgian people of Nigerian descent
Belgian sportspeople of African descent
Black Belgian sportspeople
Sportspeople of Nigerian descent
Citizens of Nigeria through descent
Nigerian footballers
Belgian footballers
Association football forwards
Oud-Heverlee Leuven players
K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen players
NAC Breda players
FC Utrecht players
Heracles Almelo players
K.R.C. Genk players
Feyenoord players
U.S. Cremonese players
Belgian First Division A players
Eerste Divisie players
Eredivisie players
Serie A players
Nigeria international footballers
Belgian expatriate footballers
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Nigerian expatriate footballers
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Yeh Teraa Ghar Yeh Meraa Ghar () is a 2001 Indian Hindi-language comedy film directed by Priyadarshan. This story of the film is an remake of the Mohanlal-starrer movie Sanmanassullavarkku Samadhanam with a dog explosion comedy sequence borrowed from another Malayalam movie Minnaram. The film stars Sunil Shetty, Mahima Chaudhry and Paresh Rawal.
Synopsis
After the death of their dad, Dayashankar Manorilal Pandey (Sunil Shetty) arranges the marriage of their two sisters. In debt, they go to the city to ask the tenants to leave their house, as they intend to sell it and repay their debts. A Maharashtrian woman, their two daughters, Jyoti, Saraswati (Mahima Chaudhry), and one son, Chotu (Master Aditi) are living there. When Dayashankar asks them to vacate, they refuse. What results is Dayashankar's hilarious attempts to force them to vacate – from seeking legal advice; filing police reports; asking goons to remove them – moving in himself. Will Dayashankar succeed in their attempts to evict their tenants?
Cast
Sunil Shetty as Dayashankar Manoharilal Pandey
Mahima Chaudhry as Saraswati
Paresh Rawal as Inspector O. P. Yadav & childhood friend of dayashankar.
Usha Nadkarni as Saraswati's Mother
Kishore Nandlaskar as Tatya, Saraswati Neighbour
Suhasini Mulay as O. P. Yadav's Sister
Sanjay Narvekar as Dayashankar Manoharilal Pandey's friend Babban
Neeraj Vora as Seth Haribhau (greedy man and owner of juice van.)
Saurabh Shukla as Mama Kaanden
Geetha Vijayan as Saraswati's co-worker
Anjan Srivastav as Sethji
Asrani as Chandiramani, Lawyer
Nagma Special Appearance in a song
Ambika Ranjankar as Dayashankar Manoharilal Pandey's sister
Music
Two songs gained immense popularity; "Saraswati" (Sonu Nigam) and "Hasate Ho" (Abhijeet, Alka Yagnik).
Pop artist Adnan Sami made their debut into Bollywood with the title song. However, "Mehbooba" from Ajnabee released first.
The song "Govinda" was recorded by a dubbing artist and later recorded by Alka Yagnik. For reasons unknown, the first few lines of the song are retained with the original uncredited singer's vocals.
References
External links
2001 films
2000s Hindi-language films
Films scored by Anand–Milind
Films directed by Priyadarshan
Indian comedy films
Hindi remakes of Malayalam films
2001 comedy films
Hindi-language comedy films
Robin Dahlstrøm (born 29 January 1988) is a Norwegian retired ice hockey player who is last played for Storhamar in the Norwegian hockey league GET-ligaen in 2021.
Dahlstrøm has played primarily in their native Norway for the Frisk Asker organization, including their junior and most of their professional career. In 2011 they moved to the Swedish club IF Troja/Ljungby in the HockeyAllsvenskan.
For the 2013–14 season Dahlstrøm signed with Örebro HK of the SHL. They were also loaned to HockeyAllsvenskan club Djurgårdens IF for several matches.
Dahlstrøm competed in the 2013 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Norway men's national ice hockey team. They were also named to Norway's 25-man roster for the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Mats Zuccarello of the New York Rangers (NHL) and Fabian Zuccarello of the Valencia Flyers (WSHL) are their step-brothers
Awards
2005 - Bronze medal WJC-18 Div.1 (Norway U18)
2008 - Gold medal WJC-20 Div.1 (Norway U20)
2010–11 - Norwegian Champion (Sparta Warriors)
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
AIK IF players
Djurgårdens IF Hockey players
Frisk Asker Ishockey players
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Herning Blue Fox players
Lørenskog IK players
Norwegian ice hockey forwards
Olympic ice hockey players of Norway
Örebro HK players
Sparta Warriors players
Storhamar Dragons players
Ice hockey people from Oslo
IF Troja/Ljungby players
Djurleite is a copper sulfide mineral of secondary origin with formula Cu31S16 that crystallizes with monoclinic-prismatic symmetry. It is typically massive in form, but does at times develop thin tabular to prismatic crystals. It occurs with other supergene minerals such as chalcocite, covellite and digenite in the enriched zone of copper orebodies. It is a member of the chalcocite group, and very similar to chalcocite, Cu2S, in its composition and properties, but the two minerals can be distinguished from each other by x-ray powder diffraction. Intergrowths and transformations between djurleite, digenite and chalcocite are common. Many of the reported associations of digenite and djurleite, however, identified by powder diffraction, could be anilite and djurleite, as anilite transforms to digenite during grinding.
Djurleite was named for the Swedish chemist Seved Djurle (1928–2000), from the University of Uppsala, Sweden, who first synthesized the mineral in 1958, prior to its discovery in nature. The natural material was first described in 1962 by E H Roseboom Jr, of the US Geological Survey, from occurrences at the type locality, Barranca del Cobre, Chihuahua, Mexico.
The chalcocite group
The chalcocite group is a group of closely related copper sulfides, with the formulae:
Chalcocite (two polymorphs) Cu2S
Djurleite Cu31S16 (Cu1.94S)
Digenite (Cu1.80S)
Roxbyite (Cu1.78S)
Anilite Cu7S4 (Cu1.75S)
Geerite Cu8S5 (Cu1.60S)
Spionkopite (Cu1.32S)
Covellite (CuS)
Unit cell
Djurleite has a monoclinic structure with a large unit cell containing 248 copper and 128 sulfur atoms. The formula is Cu31S16, molar mass 2483 g, and there are 8 formula units per unit cell (Z = 8).
The crystal class is 2/m, meaning the structure has an axis of twofold rotational symmetry perpendicular to a mirror plane. The space group is P21/c, and the unit cell parameters are a = 26.897 Å, b = 15.745 Å, c = 13.565 Å and β = 90.13°. The structure is based on hexagonal closest packing of sulfur atoms with a monoclinic space group.
Physical properties
Crystals are short prismatic and thick tabular, but the mineral usually occurs in a massive and compact form. There is no cleavage. Pseudohexagonal twins are common, with crystal blocks rotated around the crystal axis, which is normal to the close-packed layers, by multiples of 60°. Djurleite is brittle, with a conchoidal (shell-like) fracture. It is a soft mineral, with hardness to 3, a little less than that of calcite. The specific gravity, 5.63, is high, due to the copper content, djurleite is denser than the copper-iron sulfide bornite, but not as dense as the iron-arsenic sulfide arsenopyrite.
Optical properties
Djurleite is grey, blue-black or black, with a black streak and a submetallic to metallic luster. It is an opaque mineral, so refractive indices are not defined. The reflectivity (the percentage of incident energy which is reflected from a surface) for light of wavelength 540 nm varies between 29.6 and 30.2, and is slightly dependent on the direction of the incident light, that is to say, the mineral is weakly anisotropic.
Environment
Djurleite is a widely distributed but little known ore mineral of copper, found in the secondary enrichment zones of copper deposits, associated with other secondary copper sulfides digenite, chalcocite, bornite, chalcopyrite and anilite with pyrite.
Occurrence
The type locality is Barranca de Cobre, Chihuahua, Mexico, and the type material is conserved at the Royal Ontario Museum, Toronto, Canada, M25369, and at the National Museum of Natural History, Washington, DC, US.
References
External links
JMol: http://rruff.geo.arizona.edu/AMS/viewJmol.php?id=10818
Sulfide minerals
Copper(I,II) minerals
Monoclinic minerals
Minerals in space group 14
Bruno Dubeux de Andrade (born February 8, 1981), best known as Bruno Dubeux, is an American-born Brazilian actor and doctor.
Biography
Bruno Dubeux was born in Bryan, Texas to Brazilian parents.  They are a member of the traditional Burle Dubeux family, a Pernambucan family of French descent. When they were born, their parents were university students and they were in the United States. They left their hometown of Bryan, Texas, only 3 months old when their parents returned to Recife, Pernambuco.
They hold a degree in Medicine from the Federal University of Pernambuco with a postgraduate degree in pediatrics at the University of Porto and a year of internship at the Harvard Medical School and a degree in Performing Arts from UniverCidade.
Filmography
Television
Film
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Male actors from Bryan, Texas
American people of Brazilian descent
American people of French descent
American emigrants to Brazil
Brazilian male film actors
Brazilian pediatricians
Federal University of Pernambuco alumni
University of Porto alumni
Harvard Medical School alumni
People from Recife
Siliștea is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Butești, Siliștea and Siliștea Mică. It also included Purani and Puranii de Sus villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Purani commune.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Shelley Taylor-Smith (born 3 August 1961) is a former Australian long-distance swimmer.
Born in Perth, Western Australia, Taylor-Smith suffered from scoliosis, an abnormal curvature of the spine, throughout their school years. The condition required them to wear a back brace, although they were successful in national age group swimming competitions. While on a swimming scholarship to the University of Arkansas in the United States, the heavy training regime caused a lower-body paralysis. During their recovery, their coach noticed that their swimming improved at greater distances, and encouraged them to take up marathon swimming, a sport which would also allow them to avoid potentially back-damaging tumble turns.
Taylor-Smith's first major achievement was breaking the world four-mile record in 1983. Subsequently, they won the Manhattan Island Marathon Swim five times, breaking the world record in 1995 for swimming the 48 km distance in five hours, 45 minutes and 25 seconds. They also won the Australian Marathon Swimming Championships three times, and seven consecutive FINA Marathon World Cups. They won a gold medal in the inaugural open water swimming event at the 1991 World Aquatics Championships in Perth, and a bronze at the 1994 Championships in Rome.
Them autobiography, Dangerous When Wet: The Shelley Taylor-Smith Story () was published in 1996.
In 1998, Taylor-Smith was diagnosed with chronic fatigue syndrome after prolonged exposure to polluted water and Giardia lamblia infection, and was given six months to live. They nonetheless went on to win their fifth consecutive Manhattan Island marathon, and then retired from swimming.
Taylor-Smith currently lives in Perth, where they work as a motivational speaker for their company, Champion Mindset.
In 1997, Transperth named a ferry the MV Shelley Taylor-Smith.
See also
List of members of the International Swimming Hall of Fame
References
External links
Champion Mindset (Shelley Taylor-Smith's motivational speaking company)
1961 births
Living people
People with chronic fatigue syndrome
Australian female swimmers
Female long-distance swimmers
Australian motivational speakers
People from Perth, Western Australia
World Aquatics Championships medalists in open water swimming
Australian long-distance swimmers
Manhattan Island swimmers
Anduki Airfield () is a domestic airfield and heliport located in Seria, a town in the Belait District of Brunei Darussalam. It is operated by Brunei Shell Petroleum (BSP), and uses Sikorsky S-92 and AgustaWestland AW139 helicopters in support of servicing offshore oil platforms. Brunei Shell Petroleum replaced the grass airstrip with a sealed instrument runway in 2008. Future upgrades include the addition of runway lighting, and an enhanced instrument approach procedure.
History
The airport was opened in 1951, when a Supermarine Sea Otter owned by British Malaysian Petroleum was the first aeroplane to land at the Anduki Aerodrome in 1949.
In 1955, Malaysian Airways used a de Havilland Dragon Rapide to charter from Brunei Town, Anduki Airfield, Miri, and Labuan. Moreover, the first BSP helicopter, a Sikorsky S-55 loaned from Worldwide Helicopters, came into service.
In 1964, the Sikorsky S-61N came into service together as BSP Aviation Services Department (SAV) formed. A few years later in 1966, SAV purchased three more S-61Ns.
The Sikorsky S-92 was introduced in 2005 to replace older aircraft.
On 14 May 2013, Sikorsky Aerospace Services announced plans for the conversion of BSP's Sikorsky S-92 into search and rescue (SAR) modifications. On the 17 June of the same year, two AgustaWestland AW139 were delivered to BSP after the contract was awarded six months earlier.
On 18 April 2017, Sikorsky recognised BSP for 50 years of service since the mid-1950s with five Sikorsky S-55, in which is the first product from the company to be used.
On 27 May 2019, a milestone was set by Siti Saffawana for being the first Bruneian Commander of the BSP Search and Rescue Department.
Notable aircraft
Some aircraft which have been used or present on this airfield:
Gallery
References
External links
Short history of Brunei aviation — contains history and photos of Anduki Airfield
Ministry of Transport and Infocommunications, Brunei Darussalam
Department of Civil Aviation, Ministry of Transport and Infocommunications, Brunei Darussalam
Airports in Brunei
Belait District
1951 establishments in Brunei
Emiliano Zapata is a municipality in the Mexican state of Veracruz, located 2 km from Jalapa-Enríquez on Federal Highways 180 and 190. It named for the hero of the Mexican Revolution, Emiliano Zapata.
History
Geography
Adjacent municipalities
Xalapa Municipality (northwest)
Actopan Municipality (northeast)
Puente Nacional Municipality (south)
Apazapan Municipality (south)
Jalcomulco Municipality (south)
Coatepec Municipality (west)
Major highways
Mexican Federal Highway 140
Mexican Federal Highway 140D
External links
Municipal Official Site
Municipal Official Information
Municipalities of Veracruz
Lefferts Boulevard is a major north–south thoroughfare in Queens, New York City, running through the communities of Kew Gardens, Richmond Hill, and South Ozone Park. Its northern end is at Kew Gardens Road, in Kew Gardens, and its southern end is located within John F. Kennedy International Airport. Lefferts Boulevard intersects with other major roads such as Metropolitan Avenue, Jamaica Avenue, and Atlantic Avenue. It is 119th Street for its entire run.
Transportation
The road is also served by New York City's extensive public transportation system, and is served along its entire length by MTA Regional Bus Operations' Q10 bus route. The New York City Subway's Kew Gardens–Union Turnpike station, at the boulevard's north end, is served by the IND Queens Boulevard Line (). The BMT Jamaica Line () crosses Lefferts Boulevard at Jamaica Avenue, with the closest station being one block east at 121st Street, and the IND Fulton Street Line () stops at the Ozone Park–Lefferts Boulevard station at Liberty Avenue. The AirTrain JFK has a stop at Lefferts Boulevard near the south end of the road.
References
Streets in Queens, New York
Lefferts family
"Wet Dream" is a song by Jamaican reggae singer Max Romeo first released in 1968 on the Unity Records label. The song, with its controversial lyrics, remains Romeo's biggest commercial hit.
Background
In 1968, Romeo wrote lyrics for the rhythm track of Derrick Morgan's "Hold You Jack". Morgan, who was due to add their vocals to the track, ultimately turned it down, as did several other vocalists (including John Holt and Slim Smith), leading the producer to turn to Romeo to sing the lyrics they had written. The result was "Wet Dream", produced by Harry Robinson and Junior Smith. Although the single was released in 1968, it did not start to sell until 1969. Already a hit in Jamaica, it entered the UK charts in May 1969 reaching 10 as its highest position in August 1969.
The song gained notoriety due to its lyrics of an explicit sexual nature. Despite Romeo's claims that it was about a leaky roof, it contained the lyric "give the fanny to me" and was banned from broadcast by several radio stations. It was only played twice by the BBC before being banned. When it moved into the charts, BBC radio DJs Tony Brandon, Tony Blackburn and Alan Freeman were instructed that they must only refer to the song as "a record by Max Romeo". Due to the ban by the British radio, the song was re-titled "The Dream" in the Netherlands, where it peaked at number 11 in September 1969.
"Wet Dream" was released by Pama's Unity Records, ultimately becoming the biggest selling single of Pama's catalogue, having sold over 250,000 copies. The song was also included on Max Romeo's debut album, A Dream, released in 1969.
Interviewed in 2007, Romeo claimed to have started the sexual revolution. Asked why they had recorded the song, they replied: "The devil made me do it".
Track listing
7" Single
A. "Wet Dream" – 2:45
B. "She's But a Little Girl" – 2:30
Chart performance
References
1968 singles
Reggae songs
1968 songs
Songs written by Max Romeo
Songs banned by the BBC
The Sidmouth Harbour Railway was a short-lived attempt in the 1830s to create a harbour in the bay at Sidmouth, Devon on the south coast of England. To enable its construction a railway was built along the seafront and then via a tunnel in the cliff east of the town towards natural deposits at Hook Ebb. Only a few traces of the railway and tunnel remain today.
In the early years of the nineteenth century Sidmouth had been a popular seaside resort, but its popularity was declining; at the same time the small, exposed harbour was shoaling badly, and local promoters considered building a properly protected harbour, by the construction of two stone piers at the Chit Rocks, at the western end of Sidmouth sea front. Plentiful supplies of suitable stone were available at Hook Ebb, a location on the coast to the east beneath Salcombe Hill.
An Act of Parliament for the work was obtained in 1836, and the railway was duly laid. Foundation stones for each of the two piers were formally laid amid considerable ceremony, befitting the intended dedication of the piers to, respectively, Them Imperial Highness The Grand Duchess Helena of Russia, and Princess Victoria (later to become Queen Victoria).
The railway ran parallel to the sea front, and along the esplanade at Sidmouth itself. It crossed the shingle beach at the River Sid outfall on a small viaduct then went through a tunnel about a long through Salcombe Hill behind the cliff face.
The railway seems to have been of , with track consisting of longitudinal wooden beams 6.5 by 4 inches with a 3/8 inch plate on the top. In the shingle the railway was fixed in place by vertical timber piles.
A local blacksmith constructed a machine to pull the wagons loaded with the stone; the machine relied on human muscle power and was found to be inadequate. Apparently a locomotive was now ordered, and brought by coastal ship to the shore at Sidmouth; however there was no craneage available to unload it, so the ship was taken to Exmouth, where the locomotive was unloaded and brought to Sidmouth by horse and cart.
On placing the locomotive on the track at Sidmouth, it was discovered that it was too large to pass through the tunnel, and the scheme to use it was abandoned. Afterwards, it seems to have been used to give novelty pleasure rides for a period.
By 1838 the locomotive was removed, as was also the viaduct at Sidmouth. By this time £12,000 of the £15,000 projected cost of building the harbour had been expended, and nothing further was done, the subscribers having nothing to show for their investment. The tunnel remains in place, and during 1966-1967 storm action exposed a considerable length of the piles of the railway.
Notes
References
External links
The Sidmouth Harbour Company of 1836
Closed railway lines in South West England
Rail transport in Devon
Sidmouth
Wen Qimei (13 February 1867 – 5 October 1919; born Wen Suqin) was the mother of Mao Zedong.
Life
Wen was born in 1867 in the valley of Sidutaiping, in Xiangxiang county of Hunan. Them father, Wen Qifu, was a poor shoemaker who was a heavy drinker. Them mother was a 14 year old concubine of Qifu's when they were born. They had two brothers and two sisters and attended the local Buddhist nunnery for education until they were 10. Them father would beat their mother, so they fled to Shaoshan, Hunan. There, Suqin's mother remarried a 60 years old landowner, which was quite unusual in mainland China at that time. Suqin attended a Baptist school there and passed with honors. At the age of 13, their stepfather arranged their marriage to 10 year old Mao Yichang, who came from a long line of peasants. At the age of 26, Suqin gave birth to Mao Zedong.
After the birth of Mao Zedong, their parents were presented with a rooster, as was the local custom. Wen was concerned for their baby's health, having had two sons previously died in infancy. They took the baby to see a Buddhist monk who was living in the mountains, and asked the monk to take care of him. The monk refused, believing that baby Zedong appeared healthy. From there, they traveled to their father's house in a neighboring district, along the way stopping at a temple devoted to the bodhisattva Guan Yin, where they prayed that the deity would become Zedong's foster mother.
They died of lymphatic cancer on October 5, 1919.
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
1867 births
1919 deaths
People from Xiangtan
Mao Zedong family
Chinese farmers
Deaths from lymphoma
Thonningia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Balanophoraceae containing the single species Thonningia sanguinea. It is distributed throughout much of southern and western Africa, particularly the tropical regions. Common names for the plant include ground pineapple. A familiar plant to humans, it has an extremely long list of common names in many African languages. Many names are inspired by the resemblance of the plant's inflorescence to a pineapple or palm tree. Some of the names can be translated as pineapple of the bush (from Anyi), duiker's kolanut (from Igala), and crown of the ground (from Yoruba).
Description
This species is a fleshy dioecious herb growing from an underground tuber. It is parasitic on other plants via its tuber. The branching, yellowish tuber extends horizontally up to 10 or 15 centimeters through the soil. It forms bulb-like swellings at the points where it attaches to the roots of its host plants. These swellings, or galls, can reach over 18 centimeters wide. The tuber can resemble a rhizome, but there is no true rhizome. The stem is coated with spirals of scale-like leaves. The leaves are not green; there is no chlorophyll, as the plant obtains nutrients from hosts and does not need to photosynthesize. The flowering stem emerges from the ground to produce a bright red or pink inflorescence containing male and female flowers. The crowded flower heads are covered in scales. The inflorescence is up to 15 to 20 centimeters long.
Habitat, distribution, and ecology
This plant grows in forests and other habitat. It can often be found in plantations, where it parasitizes such crop trees as Hevea brasiliensis (rubber), Phoenix dactylifera (date), and Theobroma cacao (cocoa).
This species is pollinated by flies and ants. Flies of the families Muscidae and Calliphoridae and ants of genus Technomyrmex visit the flowers to obtain nectar, pollinating the flowers as they enter. Muscid flies of genus Morellia lay eggs in the flowers and the larvae feed on the male flowers when they emerge. This could be an example of mutualism; as the fly pollinates the plant, it provides a site for egg-laying and nutrition for the larvae.
Uses
The plant is used as a traditional remedy in many African cultures. This includes in those with sexually transmitted diseases in Ghana. In those with diarrhea in the Congo. A portion of the leaves is used in those with worms. Mixed with Capsicum, it is used topically on hemorrhoids and torticollis. It is used for leprosy, skin infections and abscesses, dental caries, gingivitis, and heart disease. In Zaire, it is said to prevent incontinence and bedwetting.
The other uses for the plant include as an ingredient in the poison applied to hunting arrows by peoples of Côte d'Ivoire. It is also known as a flavoring for soup. In some areas, the flower heads are considered to be an aphrodisiac. In Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire, the spiky flower heads are tied to the ankles of toddlers to encourage them to learn to walk; the spikes keep them from sitting down. All parts of the plant are used.
The plant is considered a weed in some places, such as rubber plantations, where it can become abundant.
References
Monotypic Santalales genera
Parasitic plants
Plants used in traditional African medicine
Flora of Africa
Balanophoraceae
Taxa named by Martin Vahl
Dioecious plants
Robert Ferguson (c. 1637–1714) was a Scottish presbyterian minister, conspirator and political pamphleteer, known as "the Plotter".
Ancestry
They were the eldest son of William Ferguson (d. 1699) of Badifurrow, Aberdeenshire, Scotland and Janet Black. Their father disinherited them so the lands of Badifurrow passed to Ferguson's younger brother William, who pre-deceased William senior, so the lands were inherited by James Ferguson who immediately sold the estate and purchased Pitfour.
Another younger brother was Major General James Ferguson.
Life
After receiving a good education, probably at the University of Aberdeen, became a Presbyterian (Church of Scotland) minister.
According to Bishop Burnet they were cast out by the Presbyterians, but whether this be so or not, they soon made their way to England and became vicar of Godmersham, Kent, from which living they were expelled by the Act of Uniformity 1662.
Some years later, having gained a reputation as a theological controversialist and become a person of importance among the Nonconformists, they attracted the notice of Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 1st Earl of Shaftesbury and the party which favoured the exclusion of the Duke of York from the throne, and they began to write political pamphlets just at the time when the feeling against the Roman Catholics was at its height. In 1680 they wrote "A Letter to a Person of Honour concerning the 'Black Box,'" in which they supported the claim of the Duke of Monmouth to the crown against that of the Duke of York [there was said to be a black box that contained a marriage contract between Charles II and Lucy Walter]. Returning to the subject after Charles II had solemnly denied the existence of a marriage between themselves and Lucy Walter.
They took an active part in the controversy over the Exclusion Bill, and claimed to be the author of the whole of the pamphlet "No Protestant Plot" (1681), parts of which are usually ascribed to Shaftesbury. Ferguson was deeply implicated in the Rye House Plot, although they asserted that they had frustrated both this and a subsequent attempt to assassinate the king, and they fled to the Netherlands with Shaftesbury in 1682, returning to England early in 1683.
For their share in another plot against Charles II they were declared an outlaw, after which they entered into communication with Archibald Campbell, 9th Earl of Argyll, Monmouth and other malcontents. Ferguson then took a leading part in organizing the rising of 1685. Having overcome Monmouth's reluctance to take part in this movement, they accompanied the duke to the west of England and drew up the manifesto against James II, escaping to the Netherlands after the Battle of Sedgemoor. They landed in England with William III of Orange in 1688, and aided William's cause with their pen, but William and their advisers did not regard them as a person of importance, although their services were rewarded with a sinecure appointment in the Excise.
Chagrined at this treatment, Ferguson was soon in correspondence with the exiled Jacobites. They shared in all the plots against the life of William, and after their removal from the Excise in 1692 wrote violent pamphlets against the government. Although they were several times arrested on suspicion, they were never brought to trial. They died in great poverty, leaving behind them a great and deserved reputation for treachery.
It has been thought by Macaulay and others that Ferguson led the English government to believe that they were a spy in their interests, and that their frequent escapes from justice were due to official connivance. In a proclamation issued for their arrest in 1683 they are described as "a tall lean man, dark brown hair, a great Roman nose, thin-jawed, heat in their face, speaks in the Scottish accent, a sharp piercing eye, stoops a little in the shoulders."
Works
Besides numerous pamphlets, Ferguson wrote: History of the Revolution (1706); Qualifications requisite in a Minister of State (1710); and part of the History of all the Mobs, Tumults and Insurrections in Great Britain (London, 1715).
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
Further reading
James Ferguson: Robert Ferguson, the Plotter. Edinburgh, 1887 (which gives a favourable account of Ferguson).
1630s births
1714 deaths
17th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
People from Aberdeenshire
18th-century Scottish historians
Scottish spies
Scottish politicians
People of the Rye House Plot
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
17th-century spies
18th-century spies
Monmouth Rebellion
People from Godmersham
The 1998 Copa Norte was the second edition of a football competition held in Brazil. Featuring 8 clubs, Acre, Amapá, Amazonas, Maranhão, Pará, Piauí, Rondônia and Roraima with one vacancy.
In the finals, Sampaio Corrêa defeated São Raimundo 3–0 on penalties after tied 2–2 on aggregate to win their first title and earn the right to play in the 1998 Copa CONMEBOL.
Qualified teams
Bracket
Finals
Tied 2–2 on aggregate, Sampaio Corrêa won on penalties.
References
Copa Norte
1998
1998 in Brazilian football
Ansell is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alfred Ansell (18761941), New Zealand politician
Barbara Ansell (19232001), British physician
Barry Ansell (19472018), English footballer (Aston Villa)
Bryan Ansell (active from 1979), British war game designer
Cameron Ansell (born 1992), Canadian voice actor
Caroline Ansell (born 1971), British Conservative Party politician
Charles Ansell (painter) (born 1752), English painter
Charles Ansell (17941881), British actuary
David A. Ansell (born 1952), American physician and author
Derek Ansell (active from 1999), British novelist and biographer
George Ansell (19091988), English professional footballer
George Frederick Ansell (18261880), English scientific inventor, chemist and assayer
Gertrude Mary Ansell (18611932), British suffragette, animal welfare activist and business person
Jack Ansell (1921–2008), English footballer
John Ansell (pirate) (died 1689), English buccaneer
John Ansell (18741948), English composer
Jonathan Michael Ansell (born 1950), American insurance and digital marketing executive
Jonathan Ansell (born 1982), English singer
Mary Ansell (1861–1950), English actor and author
Mary Ansell (18801899), English murderer
Michael Ansell (19051994), British soldier, showjumper and showjumping administrator
Nick Ansell (born 1994), Australian football (soccer) player
Norah Ansell (19061990), English sculptor
Rodney Ansell (19541999), Australian bushman
Steven Ansell (born 1954), American violist
William Henry Ansell (18721959), British architect and engraver
See also
Colin King-Ansell (born 1947), New Zealand far-right politician
The Philippines competed at the 2013 World Games held in Cali, Colombia.
Medalists
Bowling
Kenneth Chua and Maria Liza del Rosario competed in bowling.
Cue sports
Dennis Orcollo won the bronze medal in the men's singles event.
Duathlon
Carlo Pedregosa and Mirasol Abad competed in duathlon. Pedregosa was lapped after finishing the first run of the men's event while Abad was able to complete all races and finished 17th overall. Duathlon was an invitational sport.
References
Nations at the 2013 World Games
2013 in Philippine sport
2013
The GNoSR Classes X and Y were two similar classes of 0-4-2T steam locomotives built by Manning Wardle for the Great North of Scotland Railway. The two classes were similar, and were used throughout their lives to shunt on the docks at Aberdeen. They passed to the London and North Eastern Railway at the 1923 grouping, and received the LNER classification Z5. The Class X were later reclassified Z4.
History
When the Aberdeen Harbour Commissioners finally agreed to allow steam locomotives to replace horses on the Aberdeen docks, the GNoSR purchased two 0-4-2T locomotives from Manning Wardle for the purpose. These were designated Class Y and numbered 114 and 115. On delivery these were found to be 2 tons over the maximum weight for operating on the docks,<ref
name="Z5">
</ref> and a further two locomotives of similar design were acquired. These Class X locomotives, numbered 116 and 117, had smaller driving wheels and a shorter wheelbase. In order to reduce the weight of the Class Y locos, they initially operated with their tanks only partially filled.
Both classes remained almost unchanged throughout their working lives which involved working the long branch from Kittybrewster to Waterloo Docks in Aberdeen, local trips, and hire to nearby industry. They remained in the GNoSR livery of black with red and yellow lining until painted unlined black during World War II, although they gained the letters LNER and subsequently acquired BR emblems. The locos also retained their original boilers, there being no spares. Except when on hire to industrial concerns, the locomotives were shedded at Kittybrewster.
The first loco to be withdrawn was 68193 in 1956, followed by 68191 in 1959. The remaining two locos were withdrawn in 1960.
Classification and numbering
After the grouping both the Class X and Class Y became LNER Class Z5. This was changed in 1927 when the Class X was redesignated LNER Class Z4.
References
X
0-4-2T locomotives
Manning Wardle locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1915
Scrapped locomotives
Standard gauge steam locomotives of Great Britain
Shunting locomotives
Joe Fitzgerald (born August 30, 1971) is an American handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics. Fitzgerald later became a priest.
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
American male handball players
Olympic handball players of the United States
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Handball players at the 2003 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Medalists at the 2003 Pan American Games
On Such a Night may refer to either:
On Such a Night (1937 film), an American drama film directed by Ewald André Dupont
On Such a Night (1956 film), a British short comedy film directed by Anthony Asquith.
Keklik Demir-Yücel (born 5 May 1968) is a Dutch politician of Turkish descent and former civil servant. As a member of the Labour Party (Partij van de Arbeid) they were an MP between 20 September 2012 and 23 March 2017. They focused on matters of emancipation, employment and (international) social work. Previously they were an MP in 2010, replacing Chantal Gill'ard. Till 2010, they worked for the local government in Deventer.
Yücel studied public administration at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam.
References
External links
Keklik Yücel at the website of the Labour Party
Keklik Yücel at the website of House of Representatives
1968 births
21st-century Dutch politicians
Labour Party (Netherlands) politicians
Living people
Dutch people of Turkish descent
Members of the House of Representatives (Netherlands)
People from Deventer
Turkish emigrants to the Netherlands
Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam alumni
People from Akseki
21st-century Dutch women politicians
21st-century Dutch civil servants
20th-century Dutch civil servants
20th-century Dutch women
The Lviv Chronicle () is a Ruthenian chronicle from the early seventeenth century Halychyna.
This chronicle reflects the events in Kievan Rus from year 1498 to 1649, revealing valuable information about the political and economic conditions of the Ukrainian lands, as well as their relations with other polities, such as Poland, Moscow, and the Crimean Khanate. It describes such events as the Crimean Tatar raids, imposition of Catholicism in Western Ukraine by Uniate clergy and nobility, Ukrainian Cossack rebellion of 1630s, and the Khmelnytsky Uprising (1648—1654). It mentions a number of unique facts from Ukrainian history that are not available from any other source.
The text of the Lviv Chronicle was discovered in the beginning of 19th century by the Western Ukrainian Russophile historian Denis Zubrytsky. The manuscript of the Chronicle was kept at the Stauropegion Institute and is now stored in the Central Scientific Library of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine in Kyiv, Ukraine.
It was first published in Moscow in 1839 by the Russian historian Mikhail Pogodin and later published in Lviv in the 1870s. The Etterov copy of the Lviv Chronicle (GPB F.IV.144) is stored in the Russian State Library.
The Lviv Chronicle is very similar to the Sofia Second Chronicle and the latter is thought to have been based on the former.
References
Sources
Гайдай Л. Історія України в особах, термінах, назвах і поняттях. — Луцьк: Вежа, 2000.
Довідник з історії України. За ред. І. Підкови та Р. Шуста. — К.: Генеза, 1993.
The original text of the Lviv Chronicle in modern Ukrainian orthography
East Slavic chronicles
17th-century history books
Ruthenians in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth
15th century in Ukraine
16th century in Ukraine
17th century in Ukraine
Ukrainian language
Justice Livermore may refer to:
Arthur Livermore, associate justice and chief justice of the Superior Court of New Hampshire
Samuel Livermore, chief justice of the New Hampshire Superior Court
Academy of Our Lady may refer to:
The Academy of Our Lady of Peace — an all-girls high school in San Diego, San Diego County, California, and founded in 1882
Academy of Our Lady of Mercy, Lauralton Hall — a high school in Milford, New Haven County, Connecticut and founded in 1905
Academy of Our Lady of Guam — a high school in Hagåtña on the U.S. island of Guam and established in 1949
Academy of Our Lady (Chicago) — a former grade school and high school in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, also known as Longwood Academy, founded in 1875, and closed in 1999, the location later used for a campus of Chicago International Charter School
Academy of Our Lady/Spalding Institute — a former high school in Peoria, Peoria County, Illinois, formed by the 1973 merger of all-girls Academy of Our Lady, founded in 1863, and all-boys Spalding Institute, and later closed in a merger into Peoria Notre Dame High School
Academy of Our Lady (Louisiana) — a high school in Marrero, Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, formed in 2007 by the merger of Archbishop Blenk High School and Immaculata High School
Academy of Our Lady of Good Counsel — an all-girls high school in White Plains, Westchester County, New York and founded in 1922
Academia del Perpetuo Socorro — a grade and high school in the Miramar neighborhood of the Santurce district of San Juan, Puerto Rico, founded in 1921, and sometimes called "Academy of Our Lady of Perpetual Help" in English
Vyazutinskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Ilezskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 5 as of 2002.
Geography
Vyazutinskaya is located 36 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Michurovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Top Club is a Scottish regional television game show produced by Grampian Television (now STV North) between 1971 and 1998.
History
Running for over 28 years, Top Club was an annual tournament of general knowledge quiz games involving clubs and organisations from the Northern Scotland region. The programme was the most watched regional light entertainment programme on the ITV network, winning audience shares of up to 46%.
Initially broadcast until 1974 as Top Team, the programme was axed in 1984 before being revived in 1989 with new presenter Frank Gilfeather, who continued until the series was axed for a second time in 1998.
References
External links
UKGameshows.com
1971 Scottish television series debuts
1998 Scottish television series endings
1970s British game shows
1980s British game shows
1990s British game shows
ITV game shows
Scottish television shows
Television shows produced by Grampian Television
1970s Scottish television series
1980s Scottish television series
1990s Scottish television series
English-language television shows
Football Federation American Samoa (FFAS) is the governing body for competitive football in the nation of American Samoa.
History
It came into existence following inaugural elections held in late 2007. The new general secretariat took office under newly elected FFAS President Iuli Alex Godinet in the first elections for the national body since 2005. Previously its name was the American Samoa Football Association.
Godinet headed off four other candidates in the race for the top job that included Pou Supapo, Tony Langkilde, Malia Perelini and Maselino Tautu.
National football team
American Samoa's men's national team and women's national team have struggled on the pitch since they were admitted to the Oceania Football Confederation (OFC) in 1998; including a 31–0 defeat against Australia in a World Cup qualifying match for the men and a 21–0 defeat against the same opposition for the women.
American Samoa's men are currently ranked 188th (Prev 204th (November 2011) in the FIFA world rankings and the women are ranked 142nd (as August 2022). This was due to recent results and American Samoa's first competitive victory against Tonga by 2 goals to 1 on 23 November 2011. There is hope for the territory with the completion of work on the Pago Stadium Goal Project that was inaugurated prior to the XIII South Pacific Games - Samoa 2007 under the watchful eyes of former FIFA World Cup winner and OFC Player of the Year Christian Karembeu.
Senior eleven-a-side competition for both men and women recommenced in 2007 with Konica FC winning the men's title after a 4–2 victory over Peace Brothers.
Domestic Football
The FFAS also organizes the islands football leagues, the FFAS Senior League, which began in 1981, and the FFAS Women's National League, which began around 1987. Pago Youth are the most successful men's team and Black Roses are the most successful women's team in American Samoa. The winners of the men's league used to qualify for the preliminary rounds of the OFC Champions League up until the 2019 pandemic cancelled the tournaments. They also organize the FFAS President's Cup, the men's national cup.
External links
Football Federation American Samoa official website
American Samoa at OFC site
American Samoa at FIFA site
References
American Samoa
Football in American Samoa
Sports organizations established in 1984
Organizations based in American Samoa
Jehonville Air Base is a NATO reserve airfield located in Jehonville, a municipality in Bertrix, Belgium. It is operated by the Belgian Air Component even though there are no regular operations at that field.
See also
List of airports in Belgium
References
External links
Airfield overview
Belgian airbases
Airports in Luxembourg (Belgium)
Bertrix
Aliabad (, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Moshkabad Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 168, in 41 families.
References
Populated places in Arak County
Boulting v Association of Cinematograph, Television and Allied Technicians [1963] 2 QB 606 is a UK labour law and UK company law case from the Court of Appeal. It covers the issue of what it means to act in the best interests of the company, relevant under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006.
Facts
Two managing directors of a film company, John and Roy Boulting, applied for a declaration that while they were performing 'management functions' (e.g. producing and directing) they were not eligible for membership of the Association of Cinematograph, Television and Allied Technicians, a trade union (the ACTAT). Until 1950 they had been union members, but then they tore up their cards and paid no further subscriptions. In 1959 the union claimed that they needed to pay up to date for their membership fees, and said they must be members of the union.
At this time, like many unions, there was a closed shop agreement. Rule 7 of the union's rules said that "The association shall consist of all employees engaged on the technical side of film production... including film directors." They also wanted an injunction restraining the union from making them join.
Judgment
A majority Court of Appeal held that there was no principle which prevented every employee from becoming union members. Lord Justices Upjohn and Diplock held, firstly, there was nothing ultra vires about rule 7. Secondly, the fiduciary rule that one should not put oneself in a position of conflict of interest was aimed to protect the principal (in this case the company the managing directors worked for) not the agent (the managing directors). So they could not rely on this argument as a way to shield themselves. And thirdly, there was no conflict of interest anyway between being a union member and a manager. However, they said a court is entitled to grant an injunction against a trade union to prevent an injury which is not "alleged to have been committed" notwithstanding the Trade Disputes Act 1906 s.4(1).
Lord Denning MR dissented. They argued that the word "employee" in rule 7 did not include managers. Even if it did, it would be unlawful to force managers to become union members unless provision was made for possible conflicts of interest.
Lord Denning also famously commented on the position of "nominee" directors. They expressed the view that there is nothing wrong with a director being nominated by a particular shareholder to represent their interests "...so long as the director is left free to exercise their best judgment in the interests of the company which they serve. But if they are put upon terms that they are bound to act in the affairs of the company in accordance with the directions of their patron, it is beyond doubt unlawful". That statement of the law was cited with approval by the Privy Council in .
See also
Directors' duties
Judgment of the European Court of Justice of 27 June 1996. P. H. Asscher v Staatssecretaris van Financiën. Reference for a preliminary ruling: Hoge Raad - Netherlands. Article 52 of the EC Treaty - Requirement of equal treatment - Income tax on non-residents. Case C-107/94.
Notes
United Kingdom company case law
United Kingdom labour case law
Lord Denning cases
1963 in British law
Court of Appeal (England and Wales) cases
1963 in case law
United Kingdom trade union case law
In graph theory, a king's graph is a graph that represents all legal moves of the king chess piece on a chessboard where each vertex represents a square on a chessboard and each edge is a legal move. More specifically, an king's graph is a king's graph of an chessboard. It is the map graph formed from the squares of a chessboard by making a vertex for each square and an edge for each two squares that share an edge or a corner. It can also be constructed as the strong product of two path graphs.
For an king's graph the total number of vertices is and the number of edges is . For a square king's graph this simplifies so that the total number of vertices is and the total number of edges is .
The neighbourhood of a vertex in the king's graph corresponds to the Moore neighborhood for cellular automata.
A generalization of the king's graph, called a kinggraph, is formed from a squaregraph (a planar graph in which each bounded face is a quadrilateral and each interior vertex has at least four neighbors) by adding the two diagonals of every quadrilateral face of the squaregraph.
In the drawing of a king's graph obtained from an chessboard, there are crossings, but it is possible to obtain a drawing with fewer crossings by connecting the two nearest neighbors of each corner square by a curve outside the chessboard instead of by a diagonal line segment. In this way, crossings are always possible. For the king's graph of small chessboards, other drawings lead to even fewer crossings; in particular every king's graph is a planar graph. However, when both and are at least four, and they are not both equal to four, is the optimal number of crossings.
See also
Knight's graph
Queen's graph
Rook's graph
Lattice graph
References
Mathematical chess problems
Parametric families of graphs
Saunders Park is a neighborhood in the West Philadelphia section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is bounded by Powelton Avenue, 38th Street, Lancaster Avenue, and 40th Street. It is west of Powelton Village and north of Spruce Hill.
It is named for the park at the northeast corner of 39th and Powelton Avenue. The Penn Presbyterian Medical Center is next to the park.
Saunders Park is often considered to be a part of West Powelton, which extends out to 42nd Street.
The neighborhood has participated in planning for its future with the Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission. The report of that plan is available here.
External links
Saunders Park Shapes Up!, Horticultural Society
Plan Philly description for Saunders Park Neighborhood
Neighborhoods in Philadelphia
West Philadelphia
Sykehouse is a civil parish in the metropolitan borough of Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England. The parish contains eight listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. All the listed buildings are designated at Grade II, the lowest of the three grades, which is applied to "buildings of national importance and special interest". The parish contains the village of Sykehouse and the surrounding countryside. The listed buildings include farmhouses and farm buildings, a church and a cross base in the churchyard, a bridge, and a former windmill.
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in South Yorkshire
Buildings and structures in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster
Marton railway station may refer to:
Marton railway station (North Yorkshire), on the Esk Valley line in Middlesbrough, North Yorkshire, England
Marton railway station (Warwickshire), a former station on the Leamington–Rugby line in Marton, Warwickshire, England
Marton railway station, Manawatu-Wanganui, on the Marton–New Plymouth Line and the North Island Main Trunk, New Zealand
Kirwin Christoffels (born 31 October 1994) is a South African cricketer. They were part of South Africa's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
South African cricketers
Eastern Province cricketers
People from Queenstown, South Africa
Cricketers from the Eastern Cape
Modern China is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of China studies. The journal's editor is Philip C. C. Huang (University of California). It has been in publication since 1975 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Scope
Modern China is a source of scholarship in history and the social sciences on late-imperial, twentieth century and present-day China. The journal publishes periodic symposia on topics in Chinese studies, review articles on particular areas of scholarship and book reviews.
Abstracting and indexing
Modern China is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases: SCOPUS, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 0.8, ranking it 28 out of 68 journals in the category ‘Area Studies'.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Chinese studies journals
Cavan Scott (born 18 April 1973), is a New York Times bestselling comic writer and author.  They are best known for their work on a variety of spin-offs from both Doctor Who and Star Wars, as well as comics and novels for Teen Titans, Black Adam, Ghostbusters, Transformers, Back to the Future, Vikings, Pacific Rim, Sherlock Holmes, and Penguins of Madagascar.
Cavan Scott, along with Justina Ireland, Claudia Gray, Daniel Jose Older, and Charles Soule are crafting a new era in the Star Wars publishing world called Star Wars: The High Republic. Cavan's first contribution to the era was a comic book series released through Marvel Comics titled Star Wars: The High Republic. and they have also written two novels in the series, the New York Times bestseller, The Rising Storm and Path of Vengeance, numerous short stories in Star Wars Insider and the Life Day Treasury, a four issue mini-series for IDW, The Monster of Temple Peak and the audio drama, Tempest Runner.
In April 2020, Vault Comics announced their supernatural spy series Shadow Service, written by Cavan Scott with art by Corin M. Howell, for release in July 2020. This was Cavan Scott's first creator-owned comic series. They have since written three more creator-owned series: The Ward, from Dark Horse Comics, Sleep Terrors from Legendary Comics, and Dead Seas from Dark Horse.
In April 2016, their 2016 World Book Day book Star Wars: The Escape became the UK's number one bestselling book.
They were also script editor on the first series of Highlander audiobooks and produced Blakes 7 for Big Finish Productions.
They have written a number of books based upon the BBC Television series Countryfile and Planet Dinosaur, as well as children's books and comic based on such popular children's franchises Skylanders, Disney Infinity, Adventure Time, and Angry Birds.
They wrote a series of Sherlock Holmes novels for Titan Books, the first of which, "The Patchwork Devil", was published in 2016.
Scott conceived and launched Countryfile Magazine in 2007 and has written for over 30 national magazines and newspapers. They regularly appear on local and national radio commentating on rural affairs and has been a judge of various countryside awards including the RSPB Farming for Nature Award and the FARMA Farm Retailer of the Year. They appeared on BBC Breakfast to discuss the casting of Peter Capaldi as Doctor Who's Twelfth Doctor.
They also wrote serialized children's books for Fiction Express, including two volumes of Snaffles the Cat Burglar.
Bibliography
Comics
Star Wars
Star Wars Adventures (2017), published by IDW Publishing
Star Wars Adventures: Heroes of the Galaxy (2017), published by IDW Publishing
Star Wars Adventures: Defend the Republic (2017), published by IDW Publishing
Star Wars Adventures: Smuggler's Blues (2018), published by IDW Publishing
Star Wars Adventures: Tales from Vader's Castle (2018), published by IDW Publishing
Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle (2019), published by IDW Publishing
Star Wars Adventures: Shadow of Vader's Castle (2020), published by IDW Publishing
Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle (2021), published by IDW Publishing
Star Wars: The High Republic (2021), published by Marvel Comics
Star Wars: The High Republic: The Monster of Temple Peak (2021), published by IDW Publishing
Star Wars: Life Day (2021), published by Marvel Comics
Star Wars: The High Republic (2022), published by Marvel Comics
Star Wars: Yoda (2022), publisher by Marvel Comics
Star Wars: Tales From the Rancor's Pit (2022), published by Dark Horse Comics
Creator-owned comics
Shadow Service (2020), published by Vault Comics
The Ward (2022), published by Dark Horse Comics
Sleep Terrors (2022), published by Legendary Comics
Dead Seas (2022), published by IDW Publishing
DC Superheroes
Titans United (2021-2022), published by DC Comics
Black Adam: The Justice Society Files (2022), published by DC Comics
Black Adam (2022) published by DC Comics
Titan United: Bloodpact (2022), published by DC Comics
Doctor Who
Mistaken Identity (2010), in Doctor Who is a Adventures
Creature Feature (2010), in Doctor Who is a Adventures
Doctor Who - The Ninth Doctor (2015–present), published by Titan Comics
Doctor Who - Holiday Special (2015), published by Titan Comics
Doctor Who - Supremacy of the Cybermen (2016), published by Titan Comics
Vikings
Vikings (2016), published by Titan Comics
Vikings: Uprising (2016), published by Titan Comics
Vikings: Godhead (2017), published by Titan Comics
Power Rangers
Game Over (2005), in Jetix Magazine
Starr Stuck (2004), in Jetix Magazine
Nick Nitro & Booster (Ongoing, 2010–2011) in Nitro
Krash Test Bunny (Ongoing, 2010–2011) in Nitro
Minnie The Minx, Roger the Dodger, The Bash Street Kids, Gnasher and Gnipper, Bananaman (2014–present) in The Beano
Adventure Time (2015), published by Titan Comics
Penguins of Madagascar - (2015–2016), published by Titan Comics
Not with a Bang (2016), published in Vertigo: SFX by Vertigo Comics
Tekken: Blood Feud - (2017), published by Titan Comics
Star Wars Adventures Annual: The Lost Eggs of Livorno-(2018), published by IDW Publishing
Pacific Rim: Aftermath (2018) published by Legendary Comics
Pacific Rim: Amara (2019) published by Legendary Comics
Pacific Rim: Black-out (2021) Published by Legendary Comics
Sonic the Hedgehog Annual: Curse of the Pyramid (2019), published by IDW Publishing
Ghostbusters 35th Anniversary Collection (2019), published by IDW Publishing
Transformers/Back to the Future (2020), published by IDW Publishing
Assassin's Creed Valhalla: Song of Glory (2020), published by Dark Horse Comics
Books
Doctor Who
Wit, Wisdom, and Timey-Wimey Stuff: The Quotable Dr. Who (2001) (with Mark Wright)
Project: Valhalla (2005) (with Mark Wright)
The Sarah Jane Adventures: Wraith World (2010)
Who-ology: The Official Doctor Who is a Miscellany (2013) (with Mark Wright)
Doctor Who: Dalek (2017) (with George Mann and Justin Richards)
Doctor Who: The Shining Man (2017)
Doctor Who: The Ninth Doctor: Volume 1 Weapons of Past Destruction (2017) (with Blair Shedd and Rachael Stott)
Doctor Who: The Ninth Doctor: Volume 2 Doctormania (2017) (with Adriana Melo and Chris Bolson)
Doctor Who: The Ninth Doctor: Volume 3 Official Secrets (2017) (with Adriana Melo and Chris Bolson)
Doctor Who: The Ninth Doctor: Volume 4 Sin Eaters (2018) (with Adriana Melo and Chris Bolson)
Doctor Who: The Missy Chronicles (2018) (with Jac Rayner, Paul Magrs, James Gross, Peter Anghelides, Richard Dinnick)
Who-ology: The Official Doctor Who is a Miscellany: The Regenerated Edition (2018) (with Mark Wright)
Doctor Who: The Lost Dimension Book One (2018) (with George Mann, Nick Abadzis, Rachael Stott, Cris Bolson, Adriana Melo, Mariano Laclaustra, Leandro Casco, Iolanda Zanfardino, Rod Fernandes, Marco Lesko, Carlos Cabrera, Triona Farrell, and Hi-Fi)
Doctor Who: The Lost Dimension Book Two (2018) (with George Mann, Nick Abadzis, Rachael Stott, Mariano Laclaustra, Alex Ronald, Leondro Casco)
Countryfile
Countryfile: Great British Walks (2010), (Editor)
Countryfile Perfect Days Out (2010)
John Craven's Countryfile Companion (2010) (collaboration with John Craven)
Countryfile: Adam's Farm: My Life on the Land (2011) (with Adam Henson)
The Obverse Book of Ghosts (2010) (Editor)
Planet Dinosaur (2011)
Blake's 7: The Forgotten (2012) (with Mark Wright)
Skylanders
Skylanders: The Machine of Doom (2012) (writing as Onk Beakman)
Skylanders: Official Annual 2013 (2012)
Skylanders: Quiz Quest (2012)
Skylanders: The Mask of Power: Spyro vs the Mega Monsters (2013) (writing as Onk Beakman)
Skylanders: The Mask of Power: Gill Grunt and the Curse of the Fishmaster (2013) (writing as Onk Beakman)
Skylanders: The Mask of Power: Lightning Rod faces the Cyclops Queen (2013) (writing as Onk Beakman)
Skylanders: Official Annual 2014 (2013)
Skylanders: The A-Z of Skylands (2013)
Skylanders Giants: Master Eon's Official Guide (2013)
Skylanders Universe: The Ultimate Guide (2014)
Skylanders SWAP Force: Master Eon's Official Guide (2014)
Skylanders: The Mask of Power: Terrifin Battles The Boom Brother (2014) (writing as Onk Beakman)
Skylanders: The Mask of Power: Cynder Comfronts the Weather Wizard (2014) (writing as Onk Beakman)
Skylanders: Time Twister (2014) (writing as Onk Beakman)
Skylanders: The Mask of Power: Erupter Meets the Nightmare Kings (2014) (writing as Onk Beakman)
Skylanders: Official Annual 2015 (2014)
Skylanders: The Mask of Power: Trigger Happy Targets The Evil Kaos (2014) (writing as Onk Beakman)
Skylanders: The Mask of Power: Stump Smash Crosses the Bone Dragon (2016) (writing as Onk Beakman)
Angry Birds
The Angry Birds Official Sticker Book (2013)
The World of Angry Birds Official Guide (2013)
Angry Birds Treasure Island (2015)
The Official Beano Sticker Book (2014)
Mama Barkfingers (2014)
The Hunted (2014)
Billy Button (2014)
Pest Control (2014)
The Changeling (2014)
Snaffles the Cat Burglar (2014)
Warhammer 40,000: Plague Harvest (2015)
Dennis the Menace: The Golden Catapult (2015)
Penguins of Madagascar
Penguins of Madagascar: Operation: Heist (2015)
Penguins of Madagascar: Elitist of the Elite (2016)
Penguins of Madagascar: Secret Paws (2016)
Adventure Park
Adventure Park: Pirate Peril (2016)
Adventure Park: Dinosaur Danger (2016)
Adventure Park: Rainforest Riot (2016)
Adventure Park: Medieval Madness (2016)
Adventure Park: Monster Mayhem (2016)
Adventure Park: Cosmic Chaos (2016)
Adventure Park: Candy Crisis (2016)
Adventure Park: Pyramid Panic (2016)
LEGO DC Super Heroes Character Encyclopedia (2016)
Snaffles and the Moonfish Mystery (2016)
Curious Cal and the Wish Machine (2016)
Sherlock Holmes: The Patchwork Devil (2016)
Star Wars
Star Wars: Adventures in Wild Space - The Escape (2016)
Star Wars: Adventures in Wild Space - The Snare (2016)
Star Wars: Adventures in Wild Space - The Steal (2016)
Star Wars: Adventures in Wild Space - The Cold (2017)
Choose Your Destiny: A Han and Chewie Adventure (2018) (with Elsa Charretier)
Choose Your Destiny: A Luke and Leia Adventure (2018) (with Elsa Charretier)
Dooku, Jedi Lost (2019)
Choose Your Destiny: An Obi-Wan and Anakin Adventure (2019) (with Elsa Charretier)
Choose Your Destiny: A Finn and Poe Adventure (2019) (with Elsa Charretier)
Star Wars: The Rising Storm (2021)
The Afterblight Chronicles
Children of the Cull (2016)
End of the End (2016) (with Paul Kane and Simon Guerrier)
Sherlock Holmes: Cry of the Innocent (2017)
Ali-A Adventures: Game On (2017) (with Ali-A and Aleksandar Sotirovski)
Copa90: Our World Cup – A fan's guide to 2018 (2018) (with Aladair Cullen, Jack Harry, Gaby Kirschner, Eli Mengem, Martino Simcik, Neil Stacey, Lawrence Tallis, and Kevin McGivern)
Warhammer Adventures: Warped Galaxies
Attack of the Necron (2019)
Claws of the Genestealer (2019)
Secrets of the Tau (2019)
Radio plays
Doctor Who
Project: Twilight (2001) (with Mark Wright)
The Church and the Crown (2002) (with Mark Wright)
Project Lazarus (2003) (with Mark Wright)
The Prisoner of Peladon (2009) (with Mark Wright)
Project: Destiny (2010) (with Mark Wright)
The Many Deaths of Jo Grant (2011) (with Mark Wright)
The Nu-Humans (2012) (with Mark Wright)
The Companion Chronicles - Project: Nirvana (2012) (with Mark Wright)
Night of the Whisper (2013) (with Mark Wright)
Masters of Earth (2015) with Mark Wright)
Eternal Battle (2017) (with Mark Wright)
The Lost Angel (2017)
The Lost Magic (2017)
The Lost Flame (2017) (with George Mann)
The Bleeding Heart in The Ninth Doctor Chronicles (2017) (with Una McCormack, Scott Handcock, and James Goss)
Devil in the Mist (2019)
2000 AD
Judge Dredd: For King and Country (2003)
Counter-Measures
Peshka (2013) (with Mark Wright)
The Tomorrow People
The Warlock's Dance (2004)
Highlander
Kurgan Rising (2009) (with Mark Wright)
Blake's 7
The Armageddon Storm Parts 1-3 (2013) (with Mark Wright)
Blake's Story (2013) (with Mark Wright)
Defector (2014) (with Mark Wright)
Planetfall (2014) (with Mark Wright)
Secrets (2014) (with Mark Wright)
Cold Fury (2013) (with Mark Wright)
Caged (2013) (with Mark Wright)
Shock Troops as a part of Crossfire Part 2 Box Set (2018)
Pathfinder Chronicles
The Skin Saw Murders (2015)
Fortress of the Stone Giants (2015)
The Spires of Xin-Shalast (2015)
The Half-Dead City (2015)
Empty Graves (2015)
Shifting Sands (2016)
The Omega Factor
Legion (2015)
The Confessions of Dorian Gray
Heart and Soul (2015)
Iris Wildthyme
Iris Wildthyme and the Claws of Santa (2009) (with Mark Wright)
The Iris Wildthyme Appreciation Society (2012)
Whatever Happened to Iris Widthyme (2013) (with Mark Wright)
High Spirits (2015)
"Vienna: Underworld" in Vienna Series 02 (2015)
Counter-Measures: New Horizons (2015) (with Mark Wright)
Star Wars: Dooku, Jedi Lost (2019)
Sherlock Holmes: The Voice of Treason (2020) (with George Mann)
Short stories
Star Wars
"Time of Death" (2017), in From a Certain Point of View
"Fake It Till You Make It" (2020), in The Empire Strikes Back - From a Certain Point of View
Doctor Who
"Priceless Junk" (2009), in Short Trips: Indefinable Magic (with Mark Wright)
"Twilight's End" (2008), in Short Trips: Defining Patterns (with Mark Wright)
"Faithful Friends" (2007), in Short Trips: The Ghosts of Christmas (with Mark Wright)
"Be Forgot" (2004), in Short Trips: A Christmas Treasury (with Mark Wright)
"Feast of the Stone" (2004), in BBC Vampires (with Mark Wright)
"Inmate 280" (2003), in Short Trips: Steel Skies
Warhammer 40,000
"Doom Flight" (2013)
Judge Dredd
"Dog Fight" (2005), in The Judge Dredd Megazine
"'Roaches" (2013), in The Judge Dredd Megazine
Iris Wildthyme
"The Unhappy Medium" (2009), in Iris Wildthyme and the Celestial Omnibus (with Mark Wright)
"The Colonic in Space" (2010), in Iris: Abroad (with Mark Wright)
Original works
"Graveyard Slot" (2005), in The Undead
"The Last" (2007), in Desolate Places
"Missed Call" (2010), in The Obverse Book of Ghosts
"Fairest of them All" (2013) in Resurrection Engines
"The Demon Slasher of Seven Sisters" (2013), in The Encounters of Sherlock Holmes
"Alternative Facts" (2017), in Judge Dredd: Year Two Omnibus
External links
Cavan Scott's website
Notes
1973 births
English science fiction writers
Living people
The Beano people
English male novelists
is a Japanese yōkai.
Concept
Generally, like the hyōtannamazu, they are considered a monster that cannot be caught. One can find that it often appears in the yōkai emaki of the Edo Period, but any further details about it are unknown. In folktale legends, they are a member of the Hyakki Yagyō (in the Akita Prefecture), and there is a type of umibōzu in the Okayama prefecture that can be found under that name, but it is not clear whether they came before or after the "nurarihyon" in the pictures.
It has been thought that they are a "supreme commander of yōkai," but this has been determined to be simply a misinformed or common saying, as detailed in a later section
In yōkai pictures
In the Edo Period Japanese dictionary, the Rigen Shūran, there is only the explanation "monster painting by Kohōgen Motonobu." According to the Edo Period writing Kiyū Shōran (嬉遊笑覧), it can be seen that one of the yōkai that it notes is depicted in the Bakemono E (化物絵) drawn by Kōhōgen Motonobu is one by the name of "nurarihyon," and it is also depicted in the Hyakkai Zukan (1737, Sawaki Suushi) and the Hyakki Yagyō Emaki (1832, Oda Gōchō, in the Matsui Library), among many other emakimono. It is a bald old man with an elongated head, and depicted wearing either a kimino or a kasaya. Without any explanatory text, it is unclear what kind of yōkai they were intending to depict.
The Kōshoku Haidokusan (好色敗毒散), a ukiyo-zōshi published in the Edo Period gives the example, "its form was nurarihyon, like a catfish without eyes or mouth, the very spirit of lies," so it is known that it is word used with a meaning similar to noppera-bō but as an adjective.
The Gazu Hyakki Yagyō by Toriyama Sekien depicts a nurarihyon hanging down from a kago. Like the emakimono, this one has no explanatory text, so not many details are known, but the act of disembarking from a vehicle was called "nurarin," so it is thought that nurarihyon was a name given to a depiction of this. Furthermore, it is also theorized that this depicts the libertines who go to the red-light district. Natsuhiko Kyōgoku and Katsumi Tada posit that "nurari" is an onomatopoeic word meaning the state of slipperiness, and "hyon" similarly means a strange or unexpected circumstances, which is why "nurarihyon" was the name given to a yōkai that was slippery (nurarikurari) because it cannot be caught. In the Gazu Hyakkai Yagyō, its name is written as "nūrihyon" but considering all the literature and emakimono before it, it is generally thought that this is simply a mistake.
From its appearance, it is also theorized that this yōkai was born because an old person was mistaken for a yōkai.
Legends
Okayama Prefecture
According to Hirakawa Rinboku, in the legends of Okayama Prefecture, the nurarihyon is considered similar to umibōzu, and they are a round yōkai about as big as a human head that would float in the Seto Inland Sea, and when someone tries to catch it, it would sink and float back up over and over to taunt people. It is thought that they would go "nurari" (an onomatopoeia) and slip from the hands, and float back up with a "hyon" (an onomatopoeia), which is why they were given this name.
Presently, it is thought that these are portuguese man o' war, spotted jelly, and other large squid and octopuses that have been seen as yōkai, so it is thought that this is a different thing from the asupervisorstioned nurarihyon that takes on the shape of an old person.
Akita Prefecture
In Yuki no Idewaji (雪の出羽路) (1814) in the Sugae Masumi Yūranki ("Sightseeing Records of Sugae Masumi") by the Edo Period traveler Sugae Masumi, there is the following passage:
In the same book is written that the "Sae no Kamizaka" (道祖ノ神坂) is in the town of Sakuraguchi, Inaniwa, Ogachi District Dewa Province (now the town of Inaniwa, Yuzawa, Akita Prefecture).
Modern nurarihyon
Starting in the Shōwa, and Heisei eras, yōkai-related literature, children's books, and illustrated references note that the "nurarihyon" would enter people's homes in the evening when the people there are busy and then drink tea and smoke like it's their own home. It is explained that when they are seen, they would be thought of "as the owner of the house," so wouldn't be chased it away, or even noticed. They are also noted to be a "supreme commander of yōkai."
However, folk legends that mention these characteristics cannot be found in any examples or references, so the yōkai researchers, Kenji Murakami and Katsumi Tada posit that the thought of them coming into houses comes from the following passage in the Yōkai Gadan Zenshū Nihonhen Jō (妖怪画談全集 日本篇 上, "Discussion on Yōkai Pictures, Japan Volume, First Half") by Morihiko Fujisawa, where the following is written below Toriyama Sekien's illustration of the nurarihyon in that book:
Those two yōkai researchers posit that this caption resulted in the proliferation of this thought in later years, and that this was actually a made-up idea that came from an interpretation of Toriyama Sekien's picture. Murakami and Tada posit that in fact, Fujisawa's assertion that the "nurarihyon comes to visit as the chief monster" is nothing more than a big guess.
Also, in Wakayama Prefecture, stories where a nurarihyon appear were published to explain them, but those stories originate from a story titled "Nurarihyon" in the collection of writings, "Obake Bunko 2, Nurarihyon" (Library of Monsters 2: Nurarihyon) by Norio Yamada, and it is thought that this is also made-up.
Toward the end of the Shōwa period, on the basis of Fujisawa's interpretation given by the caption, the thought that they "come into one's home" or that they are a "supreme commander of yōkai" took a life of its own after Mizuki Shigeru and Arifumi Satō spread them through their own illustrated yōkai reference books, and in the animated television series, the 3rd "GeGeGe no Kitarō" (starting in 1985), a nurarihyon was the antagonist and arch-enemy of the main character Kitarō, and was a self-proclaimed "supreme commander," which altogether can be seen as things that made their perception as being "supreme commanders" even more famous.
The literary scholar Kunihiro Shimura states that all these above characteristics have made the legend stray far from its original meaning and made it artificially distorted. On the other hand, Natsuhiko Kyōgoku states that in their opinion, this yōkai is performing its function just fine in its present form so there is no problem, and that by understanding yōkai as a part of a living culture, they do not mind that they change to fit with the times. Natsuhiko Kyōgoku participated in the animated television series, the 4th "Gegege no Kitarō" as a guest writer for the 101st episode, but here, the nurarihyon would be in its original form, as an octopus.
They are also depicted as in Hell Teacher Nūbē as a ruined visitor god.
Etymology
The name Nurarihyon is a portmanteau of the words "Nurari" (Japanese: ぬらり or 滑) meaning "to slip away" and "hyon" (Japanese: ひょん or 瓢), an onomatopoeia used to describe something floating upwards. In the name, the sound "hyon" is represented by the character for "gourd". The Nurarihyon is unrelated to another, similarly named ocean Yōkai from Okayama Prefecture.
Appearance and behaviour
The Nurarihyon is usually depicted as an old man with a gourd-shaped head and wearing a kesa. In some depictions they also carry a single sword rather than the standard two to demonstrate their wealth. There is speculation that in Toriyama Sekien's portrayal of Nurarihyon, they serve as a political cartoon to represent the aristocracy. Others suggest that they are retired from a samurai family due to the sword and their clothing style.
The Nurarihyon is often depicted sneaking into people's houses while they are away, drinking their tea, and acting as if it is their own house. However, this depiction is not one based in folklore, but one based on hearsay and repeated in popular Yōkai media.
Notes
References
See also
List of legendary creatures from Japan
GeGeGe no Kitarō
Nura: Rise of the Yokai Clan
External links
Nurarihyon – The Slippery Gourd at hyakumonogatari.com (English).
Nurarihyon from Yōkai on Mizuki Shigeru Road: Sakaiminato Sightseeing Guide
Yōkai
Al Dera'a FC is a Saudi Arabian football team in Dawadmi City playing at the Saudi Second Division.
Current squad
As of Saudi Third Division:
References
External links
Al Dera'a FC at Kooora.com
Dera'a
1976 establishments in Saudi Arabia
Association football clubs established in 1976
Football clubs in Dawadmi
Dragoș Alexandru Penescu (born 24 February 2000) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Dinamo București.
Playing career
Penescu made their debut in Liga I on 31 May 2019, for FC Botoșani, in a game against Politehnica Iași.
References
External links
Dragoș Penescu at lpf.ro
2000 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Ploiești
Romanian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Petrolul Ploiești players
Liga I players
FC Botoșani players
FC Dinamo București players
Liga II players
CS Sportul Snagov players
FC Universitatea Cluj players
Fernando Henrique Quintela Cavalcante (born 3 May 1990 in São Paulo), commonly known as Nando, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for PAEEK in the Cypriot Second Division.
Career
In January 2014, Fernando signed with Zimbru Chișinău from Moldovan National Division.
In July 2015, Fernando signed a 2-year contract with Cypriot club THOI Lakatamia.
In June 2017, they signed a 1-year contract with Bulgarian Second League side Oborishte. They left the club at the end of the season following the relegation to Third League. In June 2019, Nando returned to Bulgaria, signing a two-year contract with Dunav Ruse.
Honours
Zimbru
Moldovan Cup: 2013–14
References
External links
Fernando Henrique at Soccerwiki
1990 births
Living people
Footballers from São Paulo
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Expatriate footballers in Libya
Expatriate footballers in Moldova
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Bulgaria
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in France
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Libya
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Moldova
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Bulgaria
Associação Ferroviária de Esportes players
Nacional Atlético Clube (SP) players
Sport Club Corinthians Alagoano players
Bnei Sakhnin F.C. players
Al-Ittihad Club (Tripoli) players
FC Zimbru Chișinău players
ENTHOI Lakatamia FC players
FC Oborishte players
PAEEK players
FC Dunav Ruse players
Moldovan Super Liga players
Second Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Cypriot Second Division players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Libyan Premier League players
Arbanon ( or , , Árvanon; ) was a principality ruled by the native Progoni family, and the first Albanian state to emerge in recorded history. The principality was established in 1190 by the native archon Progon in the region surrounding Kruja, to the east and northeast of Venetian territories. Progon was succeeded by their sons Gjin and then Demetrius (Dhimitër), who managed to retain a considerable degree of autonomy from the Byzantine Empire. In 1204, Arbanon attained full, though temporary, political independence, taking advantage of the weakening of Constantinople following its pillage during the Fourth Crusade. However, Arbanon lost its large autonomy ca. 1216, when the ruler of Epirus, Michael I Komnenos Doukas, started an invasion northward into Albania and Macedonia, taking Kruja and ending the independence of the principality. From this year, after the death of Demetrius, the last ruler of the Progon family, Arbanon was successively controlled by the Despotate of Epirus, then by the Bulgarian Empire and, from 1235, by the Empire of Nicaea.
During this period, the area was ruled by the Greco-Albanian lord Gregorios Kamonas, the new spouse of Demetrius' former Serbian wife Komnena Nemanjić, and by Golem (Gulam), a local magnate who had married Kamonas' and Komnena's daughter. Arbanon was eventually annexed in the winter of 1256–57 by the Byzantine statesman George Akropolites. Golem subsequently disappeared from historical records. The main primary source for late Arbanon and its history is the work of 13th century Byzantine historian George Akropolites.
Etymology
The principality was known as Árvanon (Ἄρβανον) in Greek, as Arbanum in Latin, and as Raban in the early 13th-century Serbian document Life of Stefan Nemanja.
The term represents the name of a south Illyrian tribe attested in Ancient Greek Ἀλβανοί, later on denoting a proper name for an ethnic Albanian until (around) the eighteen century when it was replaced with Shqiptar. It is attributed directly to a Latin rendering of the tribal name Albanoi by Orel.
Versions of "Arbën" have been observed since the 2nd century BC, the History of the World written by Polybius, mentions a location named Arbona (ancient greek Ἄρβωνα, latin Arbo) in which some Illyrian troops, under Queen Teuta, scattered and fled to in order to escape the Romans. Arbona was perhaps an island in Liburnia or another location within Illyria.
In the 6th century AD, Stephanus of Byzantium, in their important geographical dictionary entitled Ethnica (Ἐθνικά), mentions a city in Illyria called Arbon (Ἀρβών), and gives an ethnic name for its inhabitants, in two singular number forms, i.e. Arbonios (Ἀρβώνιος) and Arbonites (Ἀρβωνίτης) pl. Ἀρβωνῖται.. They cite Polybius (as they do many other times Polybius' own attitude to Rome has been variously interpreted, pro-Roman, … frequently cited in reference works such as Stephanus' Ethnica and the Suda. in Ethnica).
Status
Many scholars note that the Principality of Arbanon was the first Albanian state to emerge during the Middle Ages. Arbanon is generally considered to have retained large autonomy until Demetrius death in 1216, when the principality fell under the vassalage of Epirus or the Laskarids of Nicaea.
Between 1190 and 1204, Arbanon was a principality of the Byzantine Empire and possessed a considerable degree of autonomy, although the titles 'archon' (held by Progon) and 'panhypersebastos' (held by Dhimitër) are evident signs of Byzantine dependence. In the context of a weakening of Byzantine power in the region following the sack of Constantinople in 1204, Arbanon attained full autonomy for 12 years until the death of Demetrios in 1215 or 1216.
The Gëziq inscription mentions the Progon family as judices, and notes their dependence on Vladin and Đorđe Nemanjić (r. 1208–1216), the princes of Zeta. In its last phase, Arbanon was mainly connected to the Despotate of Epiros and also maintained allied relation with the Kingdom of Serbia. In 1252, Golem submitted to the Empire of Nicaea.
Geography
In the 11th century AD, the name Arbanon (also Albanon) was applied to a region in the mountainous area to the west of Ohrid Lake and the upper valley of the river Shkumbin. In 1198, a part of the area north of the Drin was briefly controlled by Stefan Nemanjić who recounts that in that year they captured Pult from Arbanon (ot Rabna). In 1208, in the correspondence with Pope Innocent III, the territory that Demetrius Progoni claimed as princeps Arbanorum was the area between Shkodra, Prizren, Ohrid and Durrës (regionis montosae inter Scodram, Dyrrachium, Achridam et Prizrenam sitae). In general, Progoni brought the principality to its climax. The area the principality controlled at this time, ranged from the Shkumbin river valley to the Drin river valley in the north and from the Adriatic sea to the Black Drin in the east. George Akropolites, who wrote in detail about the area in the its last phase positioned its then territory between Durrës and Lake Ohrid in a west to east axis and between the Shkumbin river valley and Mat river valley in a south to north axis. The fortress of Krujë was the military and administrative center of the region throughout its existence.
History
Early development
There are scarce sources about Arbanon, with the exception of the chronicles of Byzantine historian George Akropolites, whose work is the most detailed primary source for Arbanon and this period of Albanian history in general. In 1166, we know that prior Arbanensis Andrea and episcopis Arbanensis Lazarus participated in a ceremony held in Kotor, then under the Serbian Grand Principality. A year later in 1167, Pope Alexander III, in a letter directed to Lazarus, congratulates them for returning their bishopric to Catholic faith and invites them to acknowledge the archbishop of Ragusa as their superior. After some resistance from local officials, the bishopric of Arbanon was put under the direct dependence of the Pope, as documented in a Papal letter dated in 1188.
Little is known about archon Progon who was, between 1190 and 1198, the first ruler of Kruja and its surroundings. The Kruja fortress stayed in the possession of the Progon family, and Progon was succeeded by their sons Gjin and later Demetrius (Dhimitër).
Reign of Demetrius Progoni
Demetrius was the third and last lord of the Progon family, ruling between 1208 (or 1207) and 1216 (or 1215). They succeeded their brother Gjin and brought the principality to its climax. Since the beginning of their rule, Dhimitër Progoni sought out to create friendly networks in foreign policy in order to preserve the sovereignty of Arbanon against external threats, the most important of whom were for much of their reign the Republic of Venice and later the Despotate of Epiros. In 1208-09, they considered conversion to Catholicism from Eastern Orthodoxy for the first time in order to obtain support against their Venetian rivals. As Venice had been given the nominal rights to control Albania, conversion to Catholicism would nullify Venetian claims over territory controlled by another Catholic state, the Principality of Arbanon. It would also protect them from expansion by post-Byzantine successor states like the Despotate of Epiros. In their preserved correspondence with Pope Innocent III, Progoni as leader of the iudices of Arbanon, who signed as their followers, asked the Pope to send missionaries to spread Catholicism in their land. The Pope responded that Nicolaus, the Catholic archdeacon of Durrës had been instructed to make preparations for the mission. Shortly after, however, Demetrio stopped the process because they didn't consider it important any longer. They had defeated Đorđe Nemanjić, a Venetian vassal whom they bordered to the north and thus felt less threatened by Venice.
Nemanjić had previously promised military support to Venice if Progoni attacked Venetian territory, in a treaty signed on 3 July 1208. In 1208, they also had secured a marriage with Komnena Nemanjić, who was both the daughter of Stefan Nemanjić, rival of Đorđe Nemanjić and grand-daughter of the last Byzantine Emperor Alexios III Angelos. In this context, because of the relation of their consort to the Byzantine imperial family, Demetrius was recognized by the title of panhypersebastos. After the death of the Catholic archbishop of Durrës, the Venetians and Progoni - each in their respective territories - seized church property. For their actions against church property, they were excommunicated. They used the title princeps Arbanorum ("prince of the Albanians") to refer to themselves and was recognized as such by foreign dignitaries. In the correspondence with Innocent III, the territory they claimed as princeps Arbanorum was the area between Shkodra, Prizren, Ohrid and Durrës (regionis montosae inter Scodram, Dyrrachium, Achridam et Prizrenam sitae). In general, Progoni brought the principality to its climax. The area the principality controlled, ranged from the Shkumbin river valley to the Drin river valley in the north and from the Adriatic sea to the Black Drin in the east. In Latin documents, Demetrius was also referred to as iudex. In Byzantine records, they are titled as megas archon and after the consolidation of their rule as panhypersebastos.
In 1209, in search for allies, they also signed a treaty with the Republic of Ragusa which allowed for free passage of Ragusan merchants in Albanian territory. The following year, an agreement was concluded between the Republic of Venice and Michael I Komnenos Doukas of the Despotate of Epiros under which Doukas would become a vassal of Venice, if the republic recognized their claims up to the Shkumbin river valley, a core area of Arbanon. In 1212, Venice also allowed for the possession of the coastal duchy of Durrës to pass to Michael and abandoned its direct control of central Albania. The agreement had dire consequences for the principality, which surrounded by hostile forces, seems to have been reduced by the end of the life of Dhimitër Progoni to the area north of Shkumbin and south of Drin. Evidence for this period has been provided by the foundational inscription of the Catholic church of Gëziq in the Ndërfandë near modern Rreshen in Mirdita. The inscription is written in Latin and has been produced after Progoni's death. The inscription shows that Progoni, who had been reaccepted in the Catholic Church, had provided funds for the building of the church, which they might have planned to become the seat of the Diocese of Arbanum or a new diocese in the centre of their remaining domain. This is indicated by the fact that the new church was built on the site of an older church dedicated to St. Mary (Shën Mëri) but Progoni dedicated the new church to Shën Premte, the patron saint of Arbanum. They had maintained the semi-independence of this area under an agreement in which they accepted the high suzerainty of Zeta and the rulers of Zeta didn't get involved in internal affairs of the region in return. In the inscription which also serves as the last will of Progoni, the church is dedicated to their people (nationi obtulit) and their successor is designated, Progon - son of Gjin Progoni - as protosebastos.
Reign of Gregory Kamonas and Gulem
After the death of Demetrius in 1215 or 1216, the power was left to their wife Komnena. They were soon married off to Gregory Kamonas, who themselves had earlier been married to Gjin's daughter and needed the wedding to happen to legitimize the succession of power. After they took control of Kruja, they strengthened relations with the Grand Principality of Serbia, which had weakened after a Slavic assault on Scutari.
Demetrius had no son to succeed him. Komnena had a daughter with Kamonas, who married a local magnate named Golem (Gulam). The latter continued to rule as a semi-independent ruler in Arbanon under Theodore Komnenos Doukas of the Despotate of Epiros (until 1230) and then Ivan Asen II of Bulgaria until their death in 1241. They then oscillated between Doukas and the Nicaeans until they were finally annexed by the Nicaeans in the phase of reconstitution of the Byzantine Empire in 1252–1256. During the conflicts between Michael II Komnenos Doukas of Epirus and the Emperor of Nicaea John III Doukas Vatatzes, Golem and Theodore Petraliphas, who were initially Michael's allies, eventually defected to John III in 1252. However, the initial Nicaean conquest proved short-lived, for the events prompted the Rebellion of Arbanon in 1257. Golem is last mentioned in the historical records among other 'notables' of Arbanon, in a meeting with George Akropolites in Durrës that occurred in the winter of 1256–1257. Akropolites subsequently annexed the statelet and installed a Byzantine civil, military and fiscal administration.
Possessions
Arbanon extended over the modern districts of central Albania, with the capital at Kruja.
It was a small territory in the 11th and 12th centuries, stretching from rivers Devoll to Shkumbin. Arbanon did not have direct access to the sea. Robert Elsie notes that the coastal cities of modern Albania did not have noticeable Albanian communities throughout the Middle Ages, whereas the coasts of Epiros further south, despite their control by Serbs and Greeks, were primarily inhabited by Albanians according to Alain Ducellier.
The fortresses of Kruja were the seat of the state. Progon gained possession of the surroundings of the fortress which became hereditary.
Economy
Arbanon was a beneficiary of the Via Egnatia trade road, which brought wealth and benefits from the more economically developed Byzantine civilization.
Rulers
Progon (between 1190–1198)
Gjin Progoni (1198–1208)
Demetrius Progoni (ca. 1208–ca. 1216)
Gregory Kamonas (1216–?)
Golem ( 1252– ca. 1256)
See also
Rebellion of Arbanon
Albanian Principalities
History of Albania
References
Bibliography
Further reading
Albanian principalities
States and territories established in 1190
Provinces of the Byzantine Empire
Despotate of Epirus
1190 establishments in Europe
Former countries in the Balkans
Former monarchies
St. Kiprian Peak (, ) is a rocky peak of elevation 270 m in the southeast extremity of Breznik Heights on Greenwich Island, Antarctica. Situated 1.54 km east of Vratsa Peak, 1.7 km south of Ilarion Ridge, 1.63 km west of Fort Point, and 800 m northeast of Kormesiy Peak. Overlooking Musala Glacier to the north. Bulgarian topographic survey Tangra 2004/05.
The feature is named after the Bulgarian clergyman Kiprian Tsamblak (1330-1406), Metropolitan of Kiev, Moscow and all Russia.
Maps
L.L. Ivanov et al. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich Island, South Shetland Islands. Scale 1:100000 topographic map. Sofia: Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria, 2005.
L.L. Ivanov. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich, Robert, Snow and Smith Islands. Scale 1:120000 topographic map. Troyan: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2009.
References
St. Kiprian Peak. SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
St. Kiprian Peak. Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Greenwich Island
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Gregorio Giovanni Gaspare Barbarigo (16 September 1625 – 18 June 1697) was an Italian Roman Catholic cardinal who served as the Bishop of Bergamo and later as the Bishop of Padua. They were a frontrunner in both the 1689 and 1691 papal conclaves as they had distinguished themselves for their diplomatic and scholastic service. They became noted as a scholar for their distinguished learning and as an able pastor for their careful attention to pastoral initiatives and frequent parish visitations.
Barbarigo's beatification was celebrated in 1761 under Pope Clement XIII, while Pope John XXIII canonized the late cardinal in 1960; the latter pope held Barbarigo as a great role model and fostered a devotion to them since the pope had hailed from Bergamo. Their liturgical feast is on 17 June in the General Roman Calendar of 1960. On the General Roman Calendar of 1969, it is observed on 18 June.
Life
Childhood and education
Gregorio Giovanni Gaspare Barbarigo was born on 16 September 1625 in Venice as the eldest of four children to the nobles Giovanni Francesco Barbarigo (a senator) and Lucrezia Leoni (d. 19 March 1631 - plague). Their father brought a cousin - Franchesina Lippomani - to look after the children after the death of their wife. Their sister was Elena and their two brothers were Pietro and Antonio. They were a relative of the cardinal Marcantonio Barbarigo and the uncle of Cardinal Giovanni Francesco Barbarigo. They were also a relation of Cardinal Angelo Barbarigo. Their ancestors included the two Venetian doges Marco Barbarigo and Agostino Barbarigo. Their father instructed them in philosophical studies and in mathematics while preceptors taught them Latin and Greek; they also received the rudiments of music.
In 1643 they accompanied as secretary the Venetian ambassador Aloise Contarini to Münster for the negotiations to prepare for the Peace of Westphalia which was signed on 24 October 1648. There they became acquainted with Archbishop Fabio Chigi (the future Pope Alexander VII) - the nuncio to Cologne and a participant in the negotiations. They then went to Holland and Flanders and then to Paris. In July 1648 they returned to Venice and continued their studies in Padua.
In 1650 they were elected as a member of the Collegio dei Savi and initiated their political career which they did not find to be good for him. In the winter in 1653 they went to Rome to ask the advise of Cardinal Chigi who recommended that they not retire as a hermit but follow the ecclesiastical career and begin obtaining a doctorate in law.
Priesthood and Bishop of Bergamo
Barbarigo obtained a doctorate in "utroque iure" both canon law and civil law on 25 September 1655 and received their ordination to the priesthood on 21 December 1655 from the Cardinal Patriarch of Venice Gianfrancesco Morosini. They left for Rome in late February 1656 for Chigi - now Pope Alexander VII - initiated them into the papal service. They were named a domestic prelate of Their Holiness and on 21 April 1656 was appointed as the Referendary of the Tribunals of the Apostolic Signature of Justice and of Grace. On 9 June 1665 they were given a canonicate in the cathedral chapter of Padua without the requirement of residence and in 1656 - at the request of the pope - they organized the assistance to the Romans in the Trastevere area who had been stricken with the plague. They oversaw the care of the mothers and their children and the funerals of the deceased in this work. They nursed the sick, buried to dead, and comforted those frightened and in mourning.
On 9 July 1657 the pope appointed them as Bishop of Bergamo and they received their episcopal consecration as such on 29 July 1657 from Marcantonio Bragadin. But before they accepted the post they decided to celebrate a Mass to discern the will of God when they felt the concrete call to take on the see during the Mass. Barbarigo took possession of their new episcopal see on 2 September through their procurators Rodolfo Roncalli the archdeacon and the vice-capitular Giovanni Battista Lavezzali while they themselves arrived there on 27 March 1658. They inspected each of the 279 parishes of the diocese.
Cardinalate
They were a successful bishop and their fame spread through the ranks so much to the point that their old friend Alexander VII elevated them to the cardinalate on 5 April 1660 at the Quirinale Palace. They were made the Cardinal-Priest of San Tommaso in Parione on 21 June 1660 but later opted to become the Cardinal-Priest of San Marco on 13 September 1677.
In 1664 they were made Bishop of Padua and upon entrance into their new diocese they strove to model themselves upon the example of Charles Borromeo. Their procurator the Archpriest Galeazzo Mussato took possession of the see on Barbarigo's behalf on 24 April before the cardinal entered the see on 22 June. They were a strong supporter of the work of the Council of Trent. They made the seminaries of Padua and of Bergamo larger and added an archive and printing press in Padua. They celebrated a diocesan synod from 1–3 September 1683 and wrote the "Regulae Studiorum" in 1690 for ecclesial studies. They also visited all 320 parishes in their diocese.
The cardinal soon learned in 1678 that Elena Cornaro Piscopia was pursuing a theological course and they refused this on the basis that they were a woman. But they allowed for them to obtain a philosophical degree which they did.
In their role as a cardinal they participated in their first papal conclave in 1667 and also attended those in 1676 and that of 1689 when they emerged as a potential contender though falling short of the votes needed to become pope. The same was said for 1691 which saw them emerge as a greater threat to other contenders. They did not attend the 1669-70 conclave. The election of Pope Innocent XI in 1676 saw the pope ask Barbarigo to remain in Rome until 1679 as their counselor and entrusted Rome's education to them and the reunification of the Eastern Churches. One of their episcopal acts was to consecrate as a bishop Niels Stensen on 19 September 1677 and they also ordained the convert Thomas Nicholson a priest in Padua.
In the 1689 conclave their candidature received little support from their compatriots with Cardinal Flavio Chigi not supporting their candidature. Cardinal Francesco Maria de' Medici had put their name forth as per an elaborate ruse with the intent of never having Barbarigo elected. Medici's aim was to indeed have a Venetian elected but decided to settle on Pietro Vito Ottoboni who was elected as Pope Alexander VIII. But the 1691 conclave shifted Barbarigo's status as a potential contender for they gained greater ground and almost succeeded in becoming pope. Cardinal d'Estrées included them in their list of potential candidates in light of the impending death of Alexander VIII while Cardinal Leandro Colloredo decided to throw their support behind Barbarigo. Even Chigi - who had blocked their candidature back in 1689 - thought well to advocate Barbarigo's name. But the French were not all that enthralled with Barbarigo since they were considered a leading 'creature' of Alexander VII who had not been too lenient with the French. Cardinals Pietro Ottoboni and Paluzzo Paluzzi Altieri were opposed to their candidature and in the end was elected Antonio Pignatelli as Pope Innocent XII.
Cardinal Barbarigo fostered catechetical instruction and they travelled to each village in their diocese in order to teach and to preach to the people. Their compassion to the poor was well known for they gave their household goods and their clothes to the poor for their comfort. They even sold their bed on one occasion to help them.
Barbarigo died after a brief illness on 18 June 1697 in Padua where they were interred in the diocesan cathedral.
Veneration
Bishop Barbarigo was distinguished by their piety and heroic patience and miracles quickly bore witness to their sanctity.
Their holiness was observed in their life enough to the point that the faithful started to press the competent ecclesial authorities to launch the process for sainthood with the informative phase of the investigation ending on 11 July 1716; the formal introduction to the cause came under Pope Innocent XIII on 3 July 1723.
Their remains were exhumed on 25 May 1725 and allegedly found to be incorrupt with their nephew Bishop Giovanni Francesco Barbarigo leading the exhumation initiative. However, the report of the examining physicians was actually equivocal. While medical professionalism prevented them form saying the body was incorrupt, popular opinion and ecclesiastical expectations were otherwise. The report stated that the condition of the body was "wondrous" which fell short of miraculous, a distinction largely lost upon those interested. Pope Clement XIII beatified Barbarigo in 1761 while Pope John XXIII canonized Barbarigo in mid-1960. The beatification seemed all the more fitting for Clement XIII since their mother - Vittoria Barbarigo - was a distant relative of the late cardinal.
That latter pope - while they were a simple priest - signed a petition in 1911 addressed to Pope Pius X requesting Barbarigo's cause go forward for the late cardinal to become a saint; Pius X did so on 28 February 1912 when they issued the decree to resume the cause.
John XXIII is said to have felt a close kinship with the late cardinal and was also said to have manifested a lifelong devotion to them and their work as a model and so included them in the General Roman Calendar of 1960 while assigning 17 June as the liturgical feast since 18 June was assigned to another. But the 1969 revision to the calendar saw the removal of their name which left their feast to a celebration in local calendars. Their liturgical feast remains affixed at present to 18 June.
The Church of San Gregorio Barbarigo alle Tre Fontane in Rome is dedicated to him.
References
External links
Hagiography Circle
St. Catholic Online
Catholic Hierarchy
1625 births
1697 deaths
Gregorio
Bishops of Bergamo
Bishops of Padua
17th-century Italian cardinals
Cardinals created by Pope Alexander VII
Italian Roman Catholic saints
17th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the Republic of Venice
17th-century Italian jurists
Beatifications by Pope Clement XIII
Canonizations by Pope John XXIII
A napkin or serviette is a rectangle of cloth or paper used for wiping the mouth or fingers while eating.
Napkin may also refer to:
Sanitary napkin, a pad for menstrual control
Term for a cloth diaper in the South African region, formerly in use in British English
Michael Ohanu (born 1 June 1998) is a Nigerian association footballer who last played for Al-Shorta SC. They play as a centre forward.
Personal life
Ohanu hails from Aboh Mbaise Local Government Area of Imo State
Club career
Ohanu began their youth career with Enugu Rangers Academy. They joined the Enugu outfit in 2013. The following year, they were recruited by second division side, Gabros after an impressive tryout.
Ohanu scored eight goals in their debut season with the Nnewi club, helping them earn promotion to the elite division.
Shortly after their promotion to the NPFL, Gabros were acquired by Nnewi billionaire Ifeanyi Ubah and their name was changed to F.C. Ifeanyi Ubah.
They were outstanding for Gabros in the 2014-15 season matchday seven 2–0 win over Enyimba in Nnewi on 3 May 2015.
After a season with FC Ifeanyi Ubah, Ohanu moved to Kwara United, who were in the second division at the time.
The striker finished as the top scorer in the division with 21 goals and Kwara United secured promotion to the NPFL. They also won the Bet9ja Nigeria National League player of the 2016–17 season at the Gala held on 10 January 2018.
on 21 April 21, 2018, Ohanu joined El-Kanemi Warriors on loan in the midseason of 2017-18 season, following two-and-a-half seasons with Kwara United.
They scored on their debut for El-Kanemi Warriors in the final match of the first round, on 29 April 2018, helping the northeast club secure a 2–0 home win over Nasarawa United. Their 54th-minute effort put the icing on the cake, after Antonio De Souza had opened the scoring within eight minutes of the encounter.
After seeing out their six-month Elkanemi contract, they signed a two-year deal with MFM FC. On 10 February 2019, Ohanu scored their first goal of the 2018-19 season for MFM in a 3-2 comeback win over Niger Tornadoes in a Group A matchday eight ties at the Agege Stadium.
They ended up scoring two goals in eight appearances for MFM during the second half of the 2018-19 season.
At the end of the 2018–19 season, Ohanu cut short their two-year MFM deal to join Akwa United on a one-year loan contract. They were unveiled alongside 14 new signings by the Promise Keepers ahead of the 2019-20 Nigeria Professional Football League season on 28 October 2019.
Honours
Club honours
Nigeria National League
2017 Nigeria National League Champion with Kwara United
Individual honours
Nigeria National League
2017 Nigeria National League Topscorer (21 Goals)
References
Living people
1998 births
Association football forwards
Nigerian footballers
Nigeria Professional Football League players
Akwa United F.C. players
Sportspeople from Imo State
Kwara United F.C. players
Al-Shorta SC players
Provision of Urban Amenities to Rural Areas (PURA) is a strategy for rural development in India. This concept was given by former president Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam and discussed in their book Target 3 Billion which they co-authored with Srijan Pal Singh. The genesis of PURA can be traced to the work done by Nimbkar Agricultural Research Institute in the early 1990s on Taluka energy self-sufficiency. It was shown in the study that energy self-sufficient talukas can be a new development model for rural India in terms of creation of jobs and better amenities to its population.
PURA proposes that urban infrastructure and services be provided in rural hubs to create economic opportunities outside of cities. Physical connectivity by providing roads, electronic connectivity by providing communication networks, and knowledge connectivity by establishing professional and technical institutions will have to be done in an integrated way so that economic connectivity will emanate. The Indian central government has been running pilot PURA programs in several states since 2004. The Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Rurban Mission is a successor to this mission.
Current status of PURA
Failure of PURA
Former Rural Development Minister Jairam Ramesh on 24 February 2012 launched the restructured PURA scheme that combines rural infrastructure development with economic regeneration in Private Public Partnership (PPP) mode and seeks to harness the efficiencies of the private sector. They slammed former president APJ Abdul Kalam's concept of PURA as a failure. Ramesh said that while the PURA launched by Kalam has failed, the reworked PURA will succeed. The minister was optimistic about the success of the new PURA because of the difference in the objectives. They were of the view that, now the focus was on water supply, sanitation, and physical infrastructure rather than knowledge connectivity.
Extension to 2000 new towns
The Rural ministry plans to reform one of It's ambitious yet not so successful programme – Provision of Urban amenities in Rural Areas (PURA) – to facilitate creation of urban infrastructure in around 2,000 new towns that have been identified by the 2011 decadal census. It is also trying to restructure the old PURA objectives laid down by the then President.
Underpayment of wages
The Prestigious scheme proposed providing livelihood and urban amenities in compact areas around a potential growth center in Gram Panchayats through Public Private Partnership (PPP) framework to provide guarantee employment to rural areas so that they could have an assured income for at least 100 days of a year. The scheme is now facing rampant corruption, cases of underpayment of wages have been received by the government from all over the country.
See also
Swaraj
Central place theory
Unified settlement planning
Regional planning
Spatial planning
References
External links
PURA Web site
Indian missions
Rural development in India
César Fernando Mayoral (born 21 December 1947) is an Argentinian diplomat, the Permanent Representative of Argentina to the United Nations since January 2004.
Biography
César Mayoral obtained a law degree at the Universidad de Buenos Aires (1971) and a doctorate in international relations at the University del Salvador (1978). From 1973 to 1977, they were foreign relations advisor to the Argentinian Senate, and was practicing law with their firm Silvestre, Mayoral and Associates. From 1976 to 1989, they were a professor in economics and foreign relations.
In 1989, they were a delegate to the Human Rights Commission and at the Argentine Mission to the United Nations and International Organizations in Geneva, Switzerland. In 1996, they were the Consul General of Argentine to France.
Between 2000 and 2003, César Mayoral was the Ambassador of Argentina to Canada.
In January 2004, César Mayoral presented their credentials to the United Nations Secretary-General and became the Permanent Representative of Argentina to the United Nations.
Im May 2005, César Mayoral was appointed Ambassador of Argentina to China. In January 2011, they were revoked from that position for lack of actions and results.
References
Related pages
List of ambassadors of Argentina to China
External links
1947 births
Argentine diplomats
Living people
Ambassadors of Argentina to Canada
Ambassadors of Argentina to China
University of Buenos Aires alumni
Permanent Representatives of Argentina to the United Nations
Place of birth missing (living people)
Many cultures around the world have stories about groups of nine women. In Great Britain they occur in a variety of situations. In Scotland there are references to Nine Maidens, purportedly a group of, and there were a number of wells dedicated to them, but like all similar groupings would appear to have had their origin in pre-Christian times. In Arthurian material, the best known of these groups are the Nine sorceresses, Morgan and their sisters who live on the Isle of Avalon and are both seeresses and healers. Another group occur in the Welsh tale of Peredur son of Efrawg, and these are the armed witches of Caer Lyow. Also in Welsh mythology, we have nine maidens who tend the fire below the Cauldron of the "Chief of Annwn"; this cauldron is the target of Arthur's raid on the Underworld in Taliesin's famous poem Preiddeu Annwfn.
Iceland
Groups of Nine Maidens crop up in the Icelandic tales of Thidrandi and in Brand's saga, in the story of Svipdagr, as Valkyries and as the daughters of the sea goddess Rán.
Norse mythology
In Norse mythology, the watcher god of Valhalla, Heimdallr is said to be born of nine mothers, and they are also associated with the World-Mill which created the known universe from the bodies of the Ice Giants slain by Odin and their companions.
The sea-god Njörðr and the jotun Ægir (whose domain is also the sea) each have nine daughters.
England
The Anglo-Saxon Charm Against a Kernel refers to a character called Noðþe with nine sisters.
Ireland
An echo of the daughters of Rán appears in the Irish tale of Ruad, Son of Rig-Donn, in which they are stopped at sea by nine giant maidens with whom they have a child.
In Ireland, the attendants at St Brigid's sacred fire at Kildare are sometimes said to be nine, though sometimes nineteen. Brigid also is said to have gone to Scotland with Nine Maidens to found Abernethy, just as Monenna is said to have come from Ireland with nine female companions.<ref>Forbes. AP. 1872, Kalendars of Scottish Saints' Edinburgh, p404</ref> Stories about St Brigid appear to have some similar elements with those of an earlier goddess figure Brìde, who was also indigenous to Scotland Leslie, J. 1888-95, Historie of Scotland Vol. 1, p229 and may well have been the tutelary goddess of the Brigantes in North West England.
Beyond Britain, the nine occur in the Breton story of the Korrigan, who along with their nine attendants lured unwary men to their deaths and in the tradition of the Gallicenae; the Nine Maidens who lived on the Isle du Sein, latterly known as the Isle of the Druidesses.
Greek Mythology
In Greek mythology, the Muses were originally thought to have been a whole series of different groups who, like their counterparts in Scotland, are associated with mountains and wells. Robert Graves in The Greek Myths drew attention to a similarity between groups of ecstatic Maenads and the cave painting form El Cogul Roca Dels Moros near Lerida in Catalonia which has nine women dancing round a spectacularly priapic male.
Kenya
In Kenya, the Kikuyu people claim descent from nine sisters who, like many other such groupings, are associated with a mountain – Mount Kenya, native name is 'kirínyaga' - and a single powerful male figure. It is believed that Mumbi and Gikuyu had 9 daughters namely, Wanjirũ, Wambũi, Njeri, Wanjikũ, Nyambũra, Wairimũ, Waithĩra, Wangarĩ, and Wangũi.
Female figures linked to groups of nine women
Brìde – goddess in England, Ireland and Scotland.
Cailleach – The Winter Hag aspect of the Mother Goddess in Scotland. Similarly known in Ireland
Cerridwen – the Welsh Goddess who had a cauldron of poetry and inspiration
Monenna – an early Scottish saint who supposedly had chapels on Dumbarton, Edinburgh and Stirling Rocks, and Traprain Law – all important Dark Age sites.
Morgan - the leader of the nine sisters of Avalon linked to King Arthur.
Rán - Norse goddess of the sea
Male figures associated with groups of nine women
Apollo - Sun god of the ancient Greeks who was said to have a had a temple in Hyperborea – theel and beyond the north wind. This temple has been located by commentators at Calanais and Stonehenge.
King Arthur – the legendary sub-Roman British king whose tales find mixed origins in historic accounts and oral traditions, later elaborated on by medieval writers.Gikuyu'' - traditional founder of the Kikuyu people of Kenya.
Heimdallr – the watcher god of Asgard and the originator of social classes.
Njörðr - god of the sea.
Ægir - sea-jotun in Norse myth.
Saint Donald of Ogilvy - Scottish Saint, had 9 virgin daughters, their feast day is 15 July.
References
Mythological archetypes
Nonets
Women in mythology
J. orientalis may refer to:
Jaculus orientalis, the greater Egyptian jerboa, a rodent species found in North Africa
Jixiangornis orientalis, a basal bird species from the Early Cretaceous
See also
Orientalis (disambiguation)
This is a list of several past and present personalities on the ESPNews network. (NOTE: All of the current ESPNews anchors listed below are now SportsCenter anchors as of June 2013.)
Current
Max Bretos: 2010–present (anchor, ESPNews)
Linda Cohn: 1996–present (anchor, ESPNews)
Kevin Connors: 2008–present (anchor, ESPNews)
David Lloyd: 1997–present (anchor, ESPNews)
Former
David Amber: 2003-2005 (anchor, ESPNews), now with the NHL Network
Andre Aldridge: 1997-2000 (anchor, ESPNews), now with NBA TV
John Anderson: 1999-2000 (anchor, ESPNews), now a SportsCenter anchor for ESPN
Steve Berthiaume: 1999–2005, 2007–2012 (anchor, ESPNews), now an Arizona Diamondbacks play-by-play commentator with Bally Sports Arizona
Michelle Bonner: 2005–2012 (anchor, ESPNews)
Cindy Brunson: 1999-2012 (anchor, ESPNews), now with Bally Sports Arizona
Steve Bunin: 2003–2012 (anchor, ESPNews), was in same position at Comcast SportsNet Houston (now Root Sports Southwest) until October 2014, now with Yahoo! Sports
Ryan Burr: 2006–2011 (anchor, ESPNews), now with the Golf Channel
Cara Capuano: 2000–2004 (anchor, ESPNews), now in same position at ESPNU
Jonathan Coachman: 2008–2017 (anchor ESPNews), now WWE Pre show host
Lindsay Czarniak 2011–2017 (anchor, ESPNews), was later a SportsCenter anchor for ESPN let go on August 31, 2017
Neil Everett: 2001–2005 (anchor, ESPNews), now a Los Angeles-based SportsCenter anchor for ESPN
Dave Feldman: 1996–2000 (afternoon anchor, ESPNews), now a SportsNet Central anchor for NBC Sports Bay Area
Mike Golic: 2004-2005 (co-host, Mike & Mike)
Mike Greenberg: 1996-2005 (co-host, Mike & Mike and anchor, ESPNews), now a SportsCenter anchor for ESPN in addition to their current duties on the asupervisorstioned radio show
Mike Hall: 2004–2005 (anchor, ESPNews), formerly with ESPNU from 2005-03-04 to 2007-04-27, now with BTN
Mike Hill: 2005–2013 (anchor, ESPNews), now with Fox Sports 1
Bob Halloran: 1999-2003 (anchor, ESPNews), now at WCVB-TV in Boston
David Holmes: 2005–2006 (anchor, ESPNews), now a sports reporter and substitute sports anchor at WTVG (ABC) in Toledo, OH
Jason Jackson: 1996-2002 (anchor, ESPNews), now a broadcaster for the Miami Heat
Dana Jacobson: 2002-2005 (anchor, ESPNews), now co-host of TBD in the AM on CBS Sports Radio; also co-anchor on CBS This Morning Saturday; now with CBS News and Sports
Brian Kenny: 2003–2005 (anchor, ESPNews, The Hot List), now with MLB Network
Michael Kim: 1996–2013 (anchor, ESPNews), now with 120 Sports
Mark Malone: 1996–2004 (anchor, ESPNews), now sports director for WBBM-TV (CBS) in Chicago, IL
Jade McCarthy: 2012-2013 (anchor, ESPNews), was later a SportsCenter anchor, let go by ESPN on April 26, 2017
Dari Nowkhah: 2004-2011 (anchor, ESPNews), now in same position at ESPNU
Bill Pidto: 1996–2008 (anchor, ESPNEWS), now with MSG Network
Dave Revsine: 1996–2007 (anchor, ESPNews), now lead anchor at BTN
Scott Reiss: 2001–2008 (anchor, ESPNews), now with NBC Sports Bay Area
Danyelle Sargent: 2003–2006 (anchor, ESPNews), now in same position at NFL Network
Will Selva: 2007–present (anchor, ESPNews), now at NFL Network
Bill Seward: 1996–2000 (anchor, ESPNews), now a sports anchor at NBC Sports, CBS Radio and PBP announcer of Rugby World Cup on NBC
Anish Shroff: 2008-2012 (anchor, ESPNews), now an anchor and a play-by-play commentator at ESPNU
Jaymee Sire: 2013–2017 (anchor, ESPNews), was later a SportsCenter anchor, let go by ESPN on April 26, 2017
Mike Tirico: 1996–? (anchor, ESPNews), now a host and play-by-play commentator for NBC Sports; was an original anchor on ESPNews when it was launched on 1996-11-01
Stan Verrett: 2002-2009 (anchor, ESPNews), now a Los Angeles-based SportsCenter anchor for ESPN
Sara Walsh: 2010–2017 (anchor, ESPNews), was later a SportsCenter anchor, let go by ESPN on May 4, 2017
Pam Ward: 1996–2004 (anchor, ESPNews), now a play-by-play commentator for ESPN
Whit Watson: 1997–2002 (anchor, ESPNews), now with the Golf Channel
Bram Weinstein: 2008-2010 (anchor, ESPNews), was later a SportsCenter anchor, left ESPN in 2015
Matt Winer: 2001–2009 (anchor, ESPNews), now with Turner Sports and NBA TV
Mike Yam: 2008–2012 (anchor, ESPNews)
Adnan Virk: 2010–2019 (anchor, ESPNews)
References
ESPNews
Shuja al-Khwarazmi also known as Umm Jaʽfar () or Umm al-Mutawakkil () was the Umm walad of eighth Abbasid caliph al-Mu'tasim and mother of al-Mutawakkil.
Shuja was the concubine of Abbasid prince Muhammad. They entered the Harem probably in 819/820. They were raised in the Abbasid household before Abbasid prince Abu Ishaq Muhammad ibn Harun kept them as a concubine. They were related to Musa ibn Bugha the Elder. The meaning of their name was Brave and Courageous. They gave birth to Muhammad's son Jafar (future Al-Mutawakkil).
Al-Mutawakkil was born on February/March 822 to the Abbasid prince Abu Ishaq Muhammad (the future al-Mu'tasim) their concubine from Khwarazm called Shuja.
The Early life of Shuja is unclear because the Early life of Al-Mutawakkil is obscure, as they played no role in political affairs until the death of their older half-brother, al-Wathiq, in August 847. When their son became Caliph, they gave their mother Shuja, a degree of financial power to the extent that they had about 500,000 dinar and several pieces of land; however, there is no mention in sources that they had any political power. Shortly after their son became Caliph Shuja decided to perform hajj.
Shuja was generous, when they went on the pilgrimage, Al-Mutawakkil accompanied them to bid them goodbye. When they reached Kufa they ordered that each of the Abbasid (descendants of Abbas) and the Talibid men (descendants of Abu Talib) were to receive one thousand dinars while all women was to receive five hundred dinars, while every man from Al-Muhajirin was to receive a hundred dinars, while all women was to receive ten dinars. They left behind fifty thousand dinars and more than a million dinar worth jewelry.
Shuja died in June-July 861. Them wealth was inherited by their grandchildren.
Family
Shuja was related to several important Abbasid caliphs and princes:
References
Source
El-Azhari Taef El-Azhari, Shuja, p. 100". Queens, Eunuchs and Concubines in Islamic History, 661–1257. El-Azhari Taef El-Azhari
The rules about women. Jamal Al-Din Abi Al-Faraj Abdul Rahman. 2013
861 deaths
Medieval slaves
Concubines of the Abbasid caliphs
9th-century women of the Abbasid Caliphate
9th-century people of the Abbasid Caliphate
Mothers of Abbasid caliphs
Firuz Kola-ye Sofla (), also known as FIruz Kola-ye Pain, may refer to:
Firuz Kola-ye Sofla, Amol
Firuz Kola-ye Sofla, Nowshahr
The Response boat - Small II, also known as RB-S II, is a small vessel in service in the US Coast Guard. The boats perform a variety of missions such has PWCS (Ports, Waterways, and Coastal Security), law enforcement, counter narcotics operations, search and rescue, migrant interdiction, and environmental response operations.
Design
The new design of the Response Boat-Small focuses more on crew comfort, visibility, safety and protection. To improve visibility they have 360 degree visibility, for comfort they have an ergonomic design and shock mitigating seats, and for safety and protection they are equipped with ballistic protection to provide the crew small arms protection. The boats have fore and aft gun mount for M240B machine guns. The boats can also carry a variety of small arms ranging from rifles, shotguns, and pistols. The boat is made of premium-grade 5086 aluminum alloy.
See also
Defender-class boat
List of equipment of the United States Coast Guard
References
Boats of the United States Coast Guard
Equipment of the United States Coast Guard
Carenum janthinum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1883.
References
janthinum
Beetles described in 1883
Illich-Avia () is part of the Open Joint Stock Company (JSC) of Illich Iron and Steel Works of Mariupol and was founded in 2002. The airline is based on Mariupol, Ukraine, and operates domestic and international flights, most of them on behalf of its parent Illich Steel & Iron Works.
History
Illich-Avia Avia was launched in 2002. It has operator certificate No. 198 issued by the State Aviation Administration of Ukraine on June 1, 2005, Air Carrier License No. 118481 of March 4, 2005. The airline is unique as it is one of the few operators of the Antonov An-140.
Destinations
Ilyich-Avia operates the following destinations:
Greece
Athens - (Athens International Airport)
Thessaloniki - (Thessaloniki International Airport)
Russia
Moscow - (Vnukovo Airport)
Ukraine
Kyiv - (Kyiv International Airport)
Kryvyi Rih - Kryvyi Rih International Airport
Mariupol - (Mariupol International Airport) base
Fleet
The Illich-Avia fleet includes the following aircraft (in August 2011):Antonov An-148 orders
External links
Official Website
References
Fleet information
Defunct airlines of Ukraine
Airlines established in 2002
Ukrainian companies established in 2002
Pussycat, Pussycat, I Love You are a 1970 American comedy film directed by Rod Amateau. Intended as a sequel to the 1965 film What's New, Pussycat?, it stars Ian McShane, Anna Calder-Marshall, John Gavin and Severn Darden.
Plot
A neurotic American living in Rome consults with an equally neurotic psychiatrist about their various fears, and the disintegrating relationship with their wife.
Cast
Ian McShane as Fred Dobbs
Anna Calder-Marshall as Millie
John Gavin as Charlie
Severn Darden as Dr. Fahrquardt
Joyce Van Patten as Anna
Beba Lončar as Ornella
Veronica Carlson as Liz
Ian Trigger as Dr. Ponti
Katia Christine as Angelica
Gaby André as Flavia
Marino Masé as Franco
Daniël Sola as Fernando
Dari Lallou as Hesther
Linda Morand as Moira
Madeline Smith as Gwendolyn
Maurizio Lucidi as Director
Leopoldo Trieste as Desk Clerk
Production
Filming began in Rome in mid 1969. It was shot at Cinecittà Studios and on location around the city.
Reception
The Los Angeles Times said the film falls down with "a thud".
See also
List of American films of 1970
References
External links
1970 films
1970 comedy films
Films directed by Rod Amateau
American comedy films
United Artists films
Films scored by Lalo Schifrin
Films shot at Cinecittà Studios
Films set in Rome
Films shot in Rome
American sequel films
1970s English-language films
1970s American films
Betsy Hill is an American former rugby union player. They represented the at the 1994 Rugby World Cup in Scotland.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Female rugby union players
American female rugby union players
United States women's international rugby union players
Helcystogramma melissia is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Walsingham in 1911. It is found in Panama, Puerto Rico and Cuba.
The wingspan is 11–12.5 mm. The forewings are bronzy fuscous, a rust-brown hive-shaped upright patch, a little before the middle of the dorsum, reaches to the upper edge of the cell and is rounded and slightly inverted at its apex. The brown colour fades upwardly about its apex and around its margins to pale ochreous and there is a small brownish ochreous spot beyond it at the end of the cell. A dull whitish ochreous spot lies at the commencement of the costal cilia, and a few pale dots along the termen. The hindwings are pale greyish fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1911
melissia
Moths of Central America
Moths of the Caribbean
Half Marriage is an American melodramatic pre-Code film directed by William J. Cohen from a script by Jane Murfin, based on the short story of the same name by George Kibbe Turner. The film starred Olive Borden and Morgan Farley, while the later-famed gossip columnist, Hedda Hopper played Borden's mother.
Plot
Judy Page is a young society girl who falls in love with an architect who works in their father's architectural firm, Dick Carroll. They live in Greenwich Village in New York City, and one night after a party at their apartment, they run off with Dick to get married. They are intercepted by Judy's mother at the apartment, who, not realizing they have already been married, insists that Judy return with them to their estate in the country. Dick remains behind in Judy's apartment.
In the country, Judy is being courted by Tom Stribbling, who has insinuated themselves to be close to Judy, at the expense of all other suitors. Dick learns that Judy's parents are going to be away, and visits Judy at their parents' estate. They have words with Stribbling, after which they make plans to meet with Judy in the coming days at their apartment. When Tom learns of the meeting, they send a telegram to Dick, forging that it is from Judy, cancelling the rendezvous. At the appointed time of the meeting, Stribbling shows up, instead of Dick. When Judy makes it clear they want nothing to do with him, Stribbling attempts to force themselves on them In the ensuing struggle, Stribbling trips, falling out of Judy's window to their death.
Just as Stribbling trips, Dick has arrived at the apartment, to witness their fall. Afraid that Judy will be blamed for Stribbling's death, Dick takes the blame, but the truth comes out during the brief police investigation, and Judy is cleared of any wrongdoing. Also during the investigation it is revealed that Judy and Dick are already married, much to the astonishment of their parents. After their initial shock, they give their blessing to the couple.
Cast
Olive Borden as Judy Page
Morgan Farley as Dick Carroll
Ken Murray as Charles Turner
Ann Greenway as Ann Turner
Anderson Lawler as Tom Stribbling
Sally Blane as Sally
Hedda Hopper as Mrs. Page
Richard Tucker as George Page
James Bradbury Jr. as Poverty
Jack Trent as Rudy
James Eagle as Matty
G. Pat Collins as Mulhall
Songs
"After the Clouds Roll By" - Sidney Clare and Oscar Levant — performed by Ann Greenway
"You're Marvelous" - Written by Sidney Clare and Oscar Levant Performed by Gus Arnheim and Their Ambassadors, with Ken Murray
Notes
The film was also released in the US in a silent version (at 5883 feet) by Radio-Keith-Orpheum Corporation [RKO] in 1929.
References
External links
RKO Pictures films
Melodrama films
Films based on short fiction
American black-and-white films
Films with screenplays by Jane Murfin
1929 romantic drama films
American romantic drama films
1929 films
Films directed by William J. Cowen
1920s American films
Yevsey Yakovlevich Gindes (, ; 1872–1954), was an Azerbaijani statesman and pediatrician of Jewish origin who served as the Minister of Healthcare of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic, and was member of Azerbaijani National Council and later Parliament of Azerbaijan. Gindes is considered the founder of modern pediatrics science in Azerbaijan.
Early years
Gindes was born on 17 October 1872 in Kiev, Ukraine. They graduated from Medical Department of Kiev State University in 1897 and immediately started working at Chernov clinic, where they were the director of the Children's Infections department for eight years. At the same time, they conducted research in Kiev Bacteriology Institute and published seven scientific works on children's diseases.
In 1905, following the competition of the Congress of Baku Oil workers, they were selected as finalist to lead the Caucasian Factory Hospital in Baku. The hospital they then directed was the Black City Hospital of Baku. In 1907 they founded the first nursery and kindergarten of Baku for the families with low income and established the Azerbaijani branch of the Russian League for Fighting Tuberculosis, League of Child Protection, etc. In 1913, they were reportedly fired for not charging people for medical care. The same year, they founded Baku Society of Pediatricians which they chaired themselves until the organization was incorporated into a branch of the Baku University.
Political career
With the establishment of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic on 28 May 1918, Gindes participated in formation of the healthcare sector of the country and was appointed the Minister of Healthcare and Social Security of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic in the third cabinet led by Fatali Khan Khoyski on 26 December 1918.
In early 1918, they also founded the Children's hospital in Bayil which they directed until 1922. The same year, they were appointed the director of a new hospital in northern part of Baku called Shemakhinka. That is where they conduct administrative reforms and transforms the hospital into Pediatrics Institute, later to become Institute of Maternity and Childcare.
Gindes died in Baku from natural causes on 5 September 1954. The hospital which they had built in 1917 in Sabunchi district of Baku bears their name today.
See also
Azerbaijani National Council
Cabinets of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic (1918-1920)
References
1872 births
1954 deaths
Azerbaijani Jews
Ukrainian Jews
Jews from the Russian Empire
Soviet Jews
Jewish physicians
Azerbaijan Democratic Republic politicians
Government ministers of Azerbaijan
Physicians from Kyiv
People from Kievsky Uyezd
Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv, Medical faculty alumni
Baku State University faculty
Members of the National Assembly of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic
Ukrainian emigrants to Azerbaijan
Physicians from Baku
The 2015 Formula Lites season was the inaugural season of the Formula Lites series, an open wheel motor racing championship powered by Honda and sanctioned by the Sports Car Club of America (SCCA). It began on 30 May at the Thompson Speedway in Thompson, Connecticut and ended on 20 September at the MSR Houston in Angleton, Texas, after six double-header rounds.
Teams and competitors
Race calendar and results
Drivers' championship
Scoring system
The driver who qualifies on pole is awarded two additional points.
An additional point is awarded to each driver who leads a lap in a race.
Ties in points broken by number of wins, or best finishes.
References
External links
Official website
Formula Lites
Georges Petit (11 March 1856 – 12 May 1920) was a French art dealer, a key figure in the Paris art world and an important promoter and cultivator of Impressionist artists.
Early career
Petit was the son of François Petit, who founded the firm of art dealers at 7, rue Saint-Georges (Paris) in 1846. Within just a few years, the Galerie François Petit was among the most powerful firms in the French art market.
According to Robert Jensen in their book Marketing Modernism in Fin-de-Siecle Europe, the auction house assumed, "multiple roles that ran the gamut from certifying the authenticity of the object, to guiding it through the hazards of the marketplace, to establishing its provenance and enlisting critics and historians to situate the artist's importance."
Georges Petit inherited the firm, as well as a château and 3 million francs in 1877. They constructed a town house on the rue de Sèze. Their annual expenses amounted to some 400,000 francs. That's what they spent to support their wife, children, mistress... and shooting expenses.
Jensen quotes Émile Zola as saying that the younger Petit was "more ambitious than their father… competitive to the point of wanting to ruin their rivals". Jensen continues, "[Petit] would wait… for the Americans to arrive in Paris every May. And what they bought for 10,000 francs, they sold for 40,000.
Impressionism
Petit began buying Impressionist works as early as 1878, when they served as an expert in the sales of works from the collections of Jean Victor Louis Faure and bankrupt former Claude Monet patron, Ernest Hoschedé. Petit was just 22 years old at this time — and it was only a year after they inherited the business — so their involvement with the Impressionists began with the commencement of their career. However, according to a biography at the National Gallery of Art (USA), this was at the end of the Impressionists' "lean years," and their works had already begun to find a market.
Rivalries and rise to prominence
Petit had an intense rivalry with art dealer Paul Durand-Ruel (1831–1922). Durand-Ruel took over their business from their father in 1865. The Petit and Durand-Ruel galleries had been the top two firms in Paris dating back to the 1850s. Paul Durand-Ruel was 25 years older than Petit and had become an advocate of the Impressionists as early as 1870.
The gallery which Petit opened at 12, in 1881 was a popular alternative exhibition space to the official Salon. Petit's gallery later relocated to 8, rue de Sèze in the heart of Paris.
Petit made their private views into grand social occasions. They devised the series of Expositions internationales de Peinture, the first of which was held in 1882. John Singer Sargent sent their portrait of Vernon Lee to the inaugural event, a work which received decidedly mixed reviews. Sargent wrote, "it has been exhibited … and has consternated many people."
These events attracted the likes of Claude Monet, Camille Pissarro, Pierre-Auguste Renoir, Auguste Rodin, Alfred Sisley and James McNeill Whistler.
Sisley held large retrospective exhibitions at the Galerie Georges Petit in the 1880s and 1890s. This was something of a coup for Petit, as Sisley had been previously associated with Durand-Ruel. In 1897, Petit exhibited 146 Sisley paintings and 5 of their pastels, covering the whole of their career. Two years later, just months after Sisley's death, the paintings remaining in Sisley's atelier were sold at auction by the Galerie Georges Petit to the benefit of their children.
"Formidable salesperson"
The biography posted by the National Gallery of Art notes that, "Petit also dealt in Salon painters and handled the works of many successful and fashionable artists of the period, rivaling another Parisian dealer, Boussod & Valadon [successors to Goupil & Cie]. They enjoyed the reputation of being a 'formidable salesperson', and most important Paris auctions... were held on their premises because the Hôtel Drouot accommodations were insufficient. This fact only increased their rivalry with Durand-Ruel, as Petit did not care to have their competitor officiate as 'expert' at public sales held in their gallery".
Michael C. FitzGerald, writing in their book The Making of Modernism, says that, "by the 1890s [Petit had] wrested many of the Impressionists from their first dealer, Durand-Ruel, and presented such important exhibitions as Monet's Morning on the Seine and Norman coast series. According to Émile Zola, who knew the Parisian art world inside and out, Petit was the 'apotheosis' of dealers when the Impressionist market soared and competition among marchands... became intense."
Petit held a number of auction sales on their premises, including the Narishkine collection in 1883, the Chocquet and Doria collections in 1889 and Edgar Degas' studio sale in 1918–19.
In 1919, Petit convinced Louis Dewis, a Sunday painter from Bordeaux, to sell their substantial men's clothing business there and move to Paris, where Petit promised "to make them famous." But just months after the Post-Impressionist relocated, Petit died on May 12, 1920.
The biographer at the Whistler Centre writes that Petit's Société internationale de Peinture was run on similar principles to the Grosvenor Gallery. Like the Grosvenor, it had an advisory body of artists (including Alfred Stevens, Raimundo de Madrazo y Garreta and Giuseppe De Nittis), but in fact was run by Petit alone. Other artists such as Paul Baudry, Jean-Léon Gérôme, Jozef Israëls, Lawrence Alma-Tadema, John Everett Millais, Ludwig Knaus and Adolph Friedrich Erdmann von Menzel were also involved.
According to the Whistler Centre, beginning in 1881, "the gallery was associated with print publishing and specialised in monochrome, very high quality reproductive engravings of paintings by contemporary artists such as Félix Bracquemond and Marcellin Desboutin".
In 1887, Auguste Rodin exhibited The Kiss and three figures from The Burghers of Calais at the Galerie. In 1889, Rodin and Monet held a joint exposition there, with Rodin showing 36 works. According to the August Rodin Project, the "Georges Petit exhibition sealed Rodin's position as France's premier sculptor and opened doors to collections and museums around the world."
In the late 1880s, Petit turned down Louis-Ambroise Vollard (1866–1939) for an apprenticeship because they knew no foreign languages. Vollard would, himself, become a legendary art dealer... as well as an avid collector and noted publisher. Vollard played an important role in the careers of Paul Cézanne, Maillol, Picasso, Rouault, Gauguin and Vincent van Gogh.
The Galerie after Petit
After Petit's death, the Galerie Georges Petit was acquired by prominent art dealers/brothers Gaston and Josse Bernheim-Jeune and their partner Étienne Bignou. George Keller, who was establishing a relationship with Salvador Dalí at this time, became director in 1929.
Henri Matisse held at large retrospective at the Galerie in 1931, the largest exhibition of their works in France to that date.
In 1932, the Galerie hosted an important retrospective of the works of Pablo Picasso. Art historian Michael C. FitzGerald writes that, "displaying 225 paintings, seven sculptures, and six illustrated books, the exhibition was a blockbuster. Apart from sheer size, the show ranged across Picasso's career from 1900 to the early months of 1932."
FitzGerald opines, "the Galerie George Petit was a paradigm of the new relationships among dealers and collectors that formed in the early thirties." They continue, "although bearing an illustrious name in the history of modern art, the gallery was far from its origins when the Picasso retrospective hung."
The Galerie Georges Petit closed in 1933 and its assets were sold at auction.
Exhibitions
1896 - 13me Exposition International
See also
Bords de la Seine à Argenteuil
Online Books by Galerie Georges Petit
References
Sources
Jensen, Robert, Marketing Modernism in Fin-de-Siecle Europe, 1994;
Biography at the Centre for Whistler Studies
National Gallery of Art USA;
O'Hare, Mary-Kate; John Singer Sargent and Modern Womanhood; The Magazine Antiques; 1 March 2006;
Stair Sainty Gallery;
giverny.org;
Claude Monet virtual museum;
FitzGerald, Michael C., The Making of Modernism: Picasso and the Creation of the Market for Twentieth-Century Art, 1995;
Metropolitan Museum of Art, Chronology of the Artist's Life (Rodin);
Matisse, Henri and Jack D. Flam, Matisse on Art, 1973;
Exhibition Notes: Cézanne to Picasso: Ambroise Vollard, Patron of the Avant-Garde, The Art Institute of Chicago
Dalí, Salvadore, The Secret Life of Salvador Dalí, 1993.
External links
artnet.com, chronology on Alfred Sisley
Website of Hôtel Drouot
White House image of Morning on the Seine
August Rodin Project, August Rodin: Their Life and Art
The Art Institute of Chicago: Cézanne to Picasso: Ambroise Vollard, Patron of the Avant-Garde
Website of the Galerie Bernheim-Jeune
Salvador Dalí Surreal
Dieterle family papers, Series X. Gallerie Georges Petit, Getty Research Institute, Los Angeles. Includes 378 glass negatives of Corot paintings, undated.
French art dealers
Businesspeople from Paris
1856 births
1920 deaths
Villa Joseph Marie High School is a private, independent, Roman Catholic, all-girls high school in Holland, Pennsylvania.
Background
Villa Joseph Marie High School was established in 1932 by the Sisters of Saint Casimir.
The school began as a small boarding school with the students living in Regina Hall and attending classes in Maria Hall. In 1957, the current school building was completed and Villa became a traditional day school.
Through the 1990s, St. Joseph's Hall, a nursing home for retired sisters and non-affiliated citizens, was attached to the school. It has since been closed and the space is used for classrooms and student use. Construction of an auditorium and developed classrooms began in 2018 and was finished in 2019.
Curriculum and grading
Villa Joseph Marie High School has three categories of courses:
College Preparatory Courses
These courses are the most basic courses offered to students who wish to attend a 4-year college/university program.
Honor Courses
Accelerated courses that require more "in-depth studying". Admission into these courses requires recommendations from teachers and approval from parents.
Advanced Placement Courses
Advanced Placement classes are comparable to college courses. Any person enrolled in an AP course is required to take an AP exam when the course is completed.
Academic requirements
-4 credits in Theology
-4 credits in English
-3 credits in Social Studies
-3 credits in Mathematics
-3 credits in Science
-2 credits in Foreign Language
-1 credit in Physical Education/Health
-1/2 credit in Fine Art
Notable alumni
Martina White, Pennsylvania State Representative
Jo Piazza, Author
Notes and references
External links
School Website
Catholic secondary schools in Pennsylvania
Educational institutions established in 1932
Girls' schools in Pennsylvania
Schools in Bucks County, Pennsylvania
1932 establishments in Pennsylvania
Josef Göppel (16 August 1950 – 13 April 2022) was a German politician. Born in Herrieden, Bavaria, they represented the CSU. They served as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria from 2002 till 2017.
References
External links
1950 births
2022 deaths
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
Members of the Bundestag 2009–2013
Members of the Bundestag 2005–2009
Members of the Bundestag 2002–2005
People from Ansbach (district)
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
Officer Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
The Canton of Rémuzat is a former canton located in the Department of Drôme, in the Arrondissement of Nyons. It had 1,391 inhabitants (2012). It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It consisted of 16 communes, which joined the canton of Nyons et Baronnies in 2015.
Composition
It was composed of the following communes:
La Charce
Chauvac-Laux-Montaux
Cornillac
Cornillon-sur-l'Oule
Lemps
Montferrand-la-Fare
Montréal-les-Sources
Pelonne
Le Poët-Sigillat
Pommerol
Rémuzat (chef-lieu)
Roussieux
Sahune
Saint-May
Verclause
Villeperdrix
Political history
1955-1967 M. Rolland Centrist then DVD
1967-1979 M. Latil DVD
1979-2004 Jean Besson Socialist Senator of the Drôme since 1989
2004-2014 Hervé Rasclard Socialist Deputy mayor of Bourg-de-Péage, Premier Vice-President of the General Council
See also
Cantons of the Drôme department
References
Former cantons of Drôme
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
Ayah Jamil Ahmad Aqleh is a Jordanian footballer who plays as a defender. They have been a member of the Jordan women's national team.
References
Living people
Jordanian women's footballers
Women's association football defenders
Jordan women's international footballers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Il Divo is the debut studio album to be released by classical crossover vocal group Il Divo, formed by Simon Cowell in 2004. The album was released on 1 November 2004 in the United Kingdom, via Syco Music, and on 19 April 2005 in the United States, via Columbia Records. The album contains three songs performed in English, six songs performed in Italian, and three songs performed in Spanish, excluding the bonus track. As of December 2013, the album had sold more than 1.5 million copies in the UK. The album has sold more than 5,000,000 worldwide copies to date.
Recording started in the first half of 2004 in Sweden, with producers Quiz & Larossi, Per Magnusson & David Kreuger and in the UK with producer Steve Mac. This self-titled album contained the Spanish Regresa a mí, their second single and first original song Mama; Sinatra's My Way (A mi manera); Nella Fantasia, and 1994's San Remo Festival winner Passerà.
The album hit the No. 1 slot on both Amazon.com and BarnesandNoble.com after a career-defining appearance on The Oprah Winfrey Show on 5 April 2005, where they performed Regresa a mí.
In the United Kingdom, the Il Divo album knocked Robbie Williams off the number 1 spot in the UK charts, Williams allegedly said to them at the Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason film premiere, "So you are the four idiots who have forced me off my number one spot!"
This multiplatinum-selling CD became number one in the charts in a total of 13 countries around the world, and achieved top 5 placing in 25 countries.
Singles
"Regresa a mí" was released as the album's lead single on 22 October 2004. The song is a cover of the original English-language version performed by R&B singer Toni Braxton, originally released in June 1996. The single remain's the band most successful single release to date. The band's Spanish version of the track received positive appreciation from critics, who said that the cover "has the potential to be a hit and to open doors for many of operas most acclaimed stars."
"Mama" was released as the album's third single on 7 May 2005. "Mama" was the first original song ever released as a single by the band. It was released both as limited edition CD single and DVD single. It was also included on the band's live album, Live at the Greek Theatre. The songwriters behind "Mama", Andreas "Quiz" Romdhane and Josef Larossi, have contributed the largest number of original songs for the band, including "Sei parte ormai di me", "Isabel", "Si tu me amas", "Esisti dentro me" and "Una Noche". The song has also been covered and translated into other languages, including to Afrikaans by the artist Kurt Darren, and into Italian by Paul Potts.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Decade-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
2004 debut albums
Il Divo albums
Columbia Records albums
Syco Music albums
Lița is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Lița.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
A military budget (or military expenditure), also known as a defense budget, is the amount of financial resources dedicated by a state to raising and maintaining an armed force or other methods essential for defense purposes.
Financing militaries
Military budgets often reflect how strongly a country perceives the likelihood of threats against it, or the amount of aggression it wishes to conjure. It also gives an idea of how much financing should be provided for the upcoming fiscal year. The size of a budget also reflects the country's ability to fund military activities. Factors include the size of that country's economy, other financial demands on that entity, and the willingness of that entity's government or people to fund such military activity. Generally excluded from military expenditures is spending on internal law enforcement and disabled veteran rehabilitation. The effects of military expenditure on a nation's economy and society, and what determines military expenditure, are notable issues in political science and economics. There are controversial findings and theories regarding these topics. Generally, some suggest military expenditure is a boost to local economies. Still, others maintain military expenditure is a drag on development.
Among the countries maintaining some of the world's largest military budgets, China, India, France, Germany, Japan, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States are frequently recognized to be great powers.
According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, in 2018, total world military expenditure amounted to 1.822 Trillion US$.
In 2018, the United States spent 3.2% of its GDP on its military, while China 1.9%, Russia 3.9%, France 2.3%, United Kingdom 1.8%, India 2.4%, Israel 4.3%, South Korea 2.6% and Germany spent 1.2% of its GDP on defense.
Historic expenditure
The Saturday Review magazine in February 1898 outlined the levels of military expenditure as a percentage of tax revenue spent by the then great powers for the year 1897:
United States: 17%. The United States has fluctuated for decades, depending on the conflict of the time. The first spike in defense spending, and in turn taxes, came during the very beginning of the 19th century. During World War I, the United States spent 22% of gross domestic product, while during peacetime, the government spent on as little as 1% Gross Domestic Product (GDP). This changed following World War II as the United States government were experiencing an immense fear of the expansion of Communism and therefore heightened security on all fronts. This was supported by Americans as it brought upon them a sense of security and the 3.6% GDP they were contributing to be a large decrease from the whopping amounts of capital being spent during WWII that exceeded 41%, before decreasing to 10% during the Cold War and for about two more decades after, including the Vietnam War, before beginning to decrease in the 1970s down to 6%, then 5.5% in 1979 before beginning to steadily incline once again. After 2001, though, and the September 11 terrorist attacks, defense spending spiked again, peaking at 5.7% in 2010.
Russian Empire: 21%
French Third Republic: 27%
British Empire: 39%
German Empire: 43%
Empire of Japan: 55%
See also
List of countries by military expenditures
Past military expenditure by country
List of countries by military expenditure per capita
Permanent war economy
History of military technology
Military Keynesianism
Military–industrial complex
Peace dividend
Defense contractor
Guns versus butter model
List of countries by Global Militarization Index
References
External links
Government budgets
Budget
ISO 3166-2:KZ is the entry for Kazakhstan in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
Currently for Kazakhstan, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 3 cities and 14 regions. The cities Almaty and Nur-Sultan are the former and current capitals of the country respectively and have special status equal to the regions.
Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Kazakhstan. The second part is three letters.
Current codes
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).
ISO 639-1 codes are used to represent subdivision names in the following administrative languages:
(kk): Kazakh
(ru): Russian
Click on the button in the header to sort each column.
Changes
The following changes to the entry are listed on ISO's online catalogue, the Online Browsing Platform:
The following changes to the entry have been announced in newsletters by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998:
See also
Subdivisions of Kazakhstan
FIPS region codes of Kazakhstan
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform: KZ
Regions of Kazakhstan, Statoids.com
2:KZ
ISO 3166-2
Kazakhstan geography-related lists
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Minnesota, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1858, Minnesota has participated in every U.S. presidential election.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country. The result of the election, with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery, spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War.
See also
Elections in Minnesota
Minnesota presidential primary
Notes
References
Katabon Mosque () in Shahbag, Dhaka is a center for Muslim missionaries in Bangladesh. It houses the Bangladesh Masjid Mission (Bangladesh Mosque Mission) and is officially named as the "Bangladesh Masjid Mission Complex Central Mosque". It is founded at the stables of Dhaka Nawab Family.
The mosque houses the Islamic Economics Research Bureau, which works to "synergize the intellectual capabilities of the modern day professionals, academicians, and students of Islamic banking and finance". Many of these organizations advocate for a more orthodox form of Islam in Bangladesh.
See also
List of mosques in Bangladesh
References
External links
Katabon Mosque at WikiMapia
Bangladesh Masjid Mission Official Website
Mosques in Dhaka
Piper ribesioides, also known as Lao chili wood, mai sakhaan (, ), sankhaan, sankharn, sankahn or sakahn is a species of black pepper plant. The woody vine or stem of the plant has a hot, peppery and chili flavour, with a lingering aftertaste and slightly numbing sensation to the tongue. It is commonly used in Lao cuisine both in Laos and the predominately Lao ethnic region of Northeastern Thailand. It is the most important ingredient in Laos' famous Or lam.
Its berries are sometimes pressed for an oil that is also used in cooking.
Piper ribesioides, is a lesser known woody species known to occur in Laos, Myanmar, Andaman-Nicobar Islands, and Malesia. This taxon was located in the Andaman Islands in 1834 by Dr Helfer, a geologist who made extensive botanical collections from Tenasserim (Myanmar) and the Andaman Islands. Unfortunately, they were murdered by the indigenous people of the northern Andaman Islands and their collections from Tenasserim and Andaman Islands were mixed up, causing much confusion about the geographical origin of the botanical collections. Hence the locality of all herbarium collections made by Helfer have been designated as Tenasserim/Andaman Islands. Exact occurrence of several collections made by Helfer was later reconfirmed by other botanists during their explorations. One of their collections deposited at Central National Herbarium, Howrah (CAL) designated the locality as Tenasserim/Andaman Islands was Piper ribesioides; however, the occurrence of this species in Andaman Islands was doubted until its rediscovery in 1990 by Mathew and Abraham. This woody climbing liana is evidently rare in the Andaman Islands. Living accessions of this rare insular species from the Andaman Islands is conserved at the Field Gene Bank of Jawharlal Nehru Tropical Botanic Garden and Research Institute, Trivandrum, South India.
References
ribesioides
Flora of Myanmar
Lao cuisine
Stefan Georgiev may refer to:
Stefan Georgiev (skier) (born 1977), Bulgarian alpine skier
Stefan Georgiev (weightlifter) (born 1975), Bulgarian weightlifter
Stefan Georgiev (swimmer) (born 1955), Bulgarian swimmer
The 2017–18 UNC Wilmington Seahawks men's basketball team represented the University of North Carolina at Wilmington during the 2017–18 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Seahawks were led by first-year head coach C. B. McGrath and played their home games at the Trask Coliseum as members of the Colonial Athletic Association. They finished the season 11–21, 7–11 in CAA play to finish in sixth place. They defeated Hofstra in the quarterfinals of the CAA Tournament before losing in the semifinals to Northeastern.
Previous season
The Seahawks finished the 2016–17 season 29–6, 15–3 in CAA play to win the regular season championship. They defeated Delaware, William & Mary, and the College of Charleston to win the CAA Tournament. As a result, they earned the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA tournament for the second consecutive year. As the No. 12 seed in the East region, they lost in the First Round to Virginia.
On March 17, 2017, head coach Kevin Keatts left the school to accept the head coaching position at NC State. On April 3, the school hired C.B. McGrath as head coach.
Offseason
Departures
Incoming transfers
Under NCAA transfer rules, Cylla sat out for the 2017–18 season, and had two years of remaining eligibility.
Recruiting class of 2017
Preseason
In a poll of league coaches, media relations directors, and media members at the CAA's media day, the Seahawks were picked to finish in fifth place in the CAA. Junior forward Devontae Cacok was named to the preseason All-CAA first team.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
|-
!colspan=9 style=| CAA regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| CAA Tournament
References
UNC Wilmington Seahawks men's basketball seasons
UNC Wilmington
The 1968–69 FC Bayern Munich season was the club's fourth season in Bundesliga.
Review and events
Bayern won the championship of the Bundesliga. They also won the cup, defeating Schalke 04 2–1 in the final.
Match results
Legend
Bundesliga
League fixtures and results
League standings
DFB-Pokal
References
FC Bayern Munich seasons
Bayern
German football championship-winning seasons
Mugsy is a strategy and management computer game for the 48K ZX Spectrum. It was well-received, mainly due to its innovative graphic style, and was followed two years later by a sequel.
Gameplay
The player takes the role of "Mugsy", an American gangster. The aim of the game is for Mugsy to become "the most powerful gang leader in the city". In each 'turn' of the game, which represents one year, decisions must be made about how much money should be spent on weapons and ammunition to fight other gangs, how many businesses from which they should attempt to extract protection money, and how much bribery of local law enforcement should take place.
The game was marketed as an "interactive video comic strip"; it was highly visual, with graphics (produced using the software house's own title, Melbourne Draw) intended to be similar to comic book drawings. Information was presented to the player in the form of dialogue between on-screen characters, such as Mugsy himself, and an unnamed assistant. At each decision point, the player enters text into a 'speech bubble' dialogue box.
There was no real plot or narrative arc within the game as a whole; each year's activities were essentially the same, with the same decisions being required to be made by the player. However, there was a small arcade element, which was triggered in the event that one of Mugsy's rivals orders a contract killing on him. When this happened, the player controls Mugsy directly, and must shoot the assassins who are sent after them before Mugsy gets shot too many times himself.
Release
The title was heavily publicised in the year of its release, with at least 26 advertisements in the trade press, many of them 2-page spreads. The release of the game was preceded by a promotional campaign including actors dressed as gangsters visiting the offices of some computing magazines. It was originally released in 1984 in the UK, by Melbourne House. It was later re-released in Spain by Iveson Software SA. It was priced at £6.95 in the UK, and 1900 pesetas for the Spanish re-released version. In 1986, it was included in a compilation of titles called 'Off The Hook', aimed at raising money to combat drug addiction.
Reception
Reviews of the Spectrum edition were very positive; Your Sinclair'''s "Joystick Jury" rated it a "hit", citing its impressive graphics, and a structure that, while logical, provided a high level of replayability, as each game ended differently. It was also the winner of a Crash Reader's Award for "Best Strategy and Simulation". The magazine commented positively on the graphics, partly because the visual style was "suited to a game set in the roaring twenties"; this was despite "Mugsy" having to take place before 1919, since that is when its sequel, Mugsy's Revenge, begins.
Legacy
A sequel, Mugsy's Revenge'' was published two years later, and ported to the Commodore 64 and Amstrad CPC. Russel Comte, a leading member of the design team, went on to work as an artist on a number of other significant computer game titles.
References
1984 video games
Business simulation games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
ZX Spectrum games
ZX Spectrum-only games
Organized crime video games
EC508, also known as estradiol 17β-(1-(4-(aminosulfonyl)benzoyl)--proline), is an estrogen which is under development by Evestra for use in menopausal hormone therapy and as a hormonal contraceptive for the prevention of pregnancy in women. It is an orally active estrogen ester – specifically, a C17β sulfonamide–proline ester of the natural and bioidentical estrogen estradiol – and acts as a prodrug of estradiol in the body. However, unlike oral estradiol and conventional oral estradiol esters such as estradiol valerate, EC508 undergoes little or no first-pass metabolism, has high oral bioavailability, and does not have disproportionate estrogenic effects in the liver. As such, it has a variety of desirable advantages over oral estradiol, similarly to parenteral estradiol, but with the convenience of oral administration. EC508 is a candidate with the potential to replace not only oral estradiol in clinical practice, but also ethinylestradiol in oral contraceptives. Evestra intends to seek Investigational New Drug status for EC508 in the second quarter of 2018.
Relative to parenteral routes of estradiol like vaginal, transdermal, and injection, oral estradiol is characterized by low bioavailability and disproportionate effects on liver protein synthesis. Due to extensive metabolism during the first-pass into estrone and estrogen conjugates like estrone sulfate, the oral bioavailability of estradiol and conventional estradiol esters like estradiol valerate is only about 5%, and there is high interindividual variability in estradiol levels achieved. Moreover, because of the first-pass, estradiol levels in the liver are 4 or 5 times higher with oral estradiol than those in the circulation. As a result, oral estradiol has disproportionate estrogenic effects on the hepatic production of lipids, hemostatic factors, growth hormone/insulin-like growth factor 1 axis proteins, angiotensinogen, and other proteins. This is unfavorable and may result in an increased risk of venous thromboembolism, cardiovascular events, and other adverse effects.
The pharmacokinetics of EC508 were assessed in rats; its bioavailability was found to be complete (100%), its clearance in blood was low, and its biological half-life was prolonged at about 5 hours. A single oral dose of 5.0 mg/kg EC508 in rats resulted in peak levels of estradiol of 6,104 ng/mL (6,104,000 pg/mL). EC508 itself showed poor activity as an agonist of the estrogen receptor, with an value of 432 nM relative to 2.3 nM for estradiol (a 188-fold difference), indicating that the estrogenic activity of the compound is solely due to hydrolysis into estradiol. EC508 showed very high oral estrogenic potency, around 100 times that of estradiol and 10 times that of ethinylestradiol in rats. This was determined by uterotrophic effect in ovariectomized rats; an oral dosage of 10 µg/day resulted in uterine weight doubling with EC508, while no effect was observed with estradiol and only a small effect on uterine weight was measured with ethinylestradiol. Conversely, across the dosages assessed, oral estradiol and ethinylestradiol showed marked effects on cholesterol and angiotensinogen levels, while oral EC508 and parenteral estradiol showed no effect at all on these hepatic proteins. These findings are in accordance with the notion that oral EC508, unlike oral estradiol and ethinylestradiol but similarly to parenteral estradiol, bypasses first-pass metabolism and the liver.
The absence of first-pass metabolism and lack of disproportionate liver exposure with EC508 is thought to be due to reversible binding of the sulfonamide moiety of EC508 to an enzyme called carbonic anhydrase II (CAII). EC508 shows moderate affinity for human CAII, with an for binding inhibition of 110 nM. CAII is highly concentrated in erythrocytes (red blood cells), which are present in large quantity in the blood of the hepatic portal vein. It is believed that following its absorption in the intestines and its entrance into the hepatic portal vein, EC508 is taken up by and massively accumulated in erythrocytes, which prevents it from entering the liver and results in it being transported by erythrocytes straight into the circulation. From circulating erythrocytes, EC508 is thought to be slowly released and then hydrolyzed into estradiol. However, one sulfonamide ester of estradiol related to EC508 known as EC518 showed similar properties with very low or absent binding to CAII and hence probably lacking erythrocyte binding, which raises questions about the necessity of CAII binding for such properties and the mechanism by which they occur.
Estradiol sulfamate (E2MATE) is a C3 sulfamate ester of estradiol which was developed in the 1990s and was a predecessor of EC508. It binds to CAII, is taken up into and stored within erythrocytes, and shows similar properties to EC508. As a result, E2MATE was under development for potential clinical use as an oral estrogen. However, it showed no increase in estradiol levels and no estrogenic effects in human clinical trials. It appears that there are species differences with E2MATE between rats and primates and that the lack of activity in humans is because E2MATE additionally acts as a highly potent inhibitor of steroid sulfatase. This enzyme is responsible for the hydrolysis of sulfur-based estradiol esters like E2MATE and EC508 into estradiol. By inhibiting steroid sulfatase, E2MATE prevents its own activation into estradiol, which effectively abolishes its estrogenic activity. In addition, it was found that E2MATE was substantially transformed into estrone sulfamate (EMATE) in erythrocytes, which may have further impeded its capacity to be activated into estradiol. In contrast to E2MATE, EC508 is not thought to be a steroid sulfatase inhibitor and cannot be transformed into the corresponding estrone equivalent.
A C17β sulfonamide–proline testosterone ester known as EC586, which has similar properties to those of EC508, is also under development by Evestra, specifically as an androgen and potent oral testosterone prodrug for use in androgen replacement therapy in men.
See also
List of estrogen esters § Estradiol esters
List of investigational sex-hormonal agents § Estrogenics
References
External links
R&D Research / Research Pipeline - Evestra, Inc.
Amino acids
Carboxylic acids
Diols
Estradiol esters
Estranes
Experimental drugs
Prodrugs
Pyrrolidines
Sulfonamides
Synthetic estrogens
This is a list of television programs broadcast by AMC.
Current programming
Drama
Comedy
Anthology
Animation
Unscripted
Variety
Co-productions
Acquired programming
A Discovery of Witches (2019)
Creepshow (2020)
Happy Valley (2021)
Kin (2021)
That Dirty Black Bag (2022)
Upcoming programming
Drama
Comedy
Anthology
Miniseries
In development
Alan Wake
The Devil in Silver
Max Headroom
A Message From the State
Neglected Murderesses
Seconds
They Can't Kill Us All
Untitled Killing Eve spin-off
Former programming
Drama
Mad Men (2007–15)
Breaking Bad (2008–13)
Rubicon (2010)
Hell on Wheels (2011–16)
The Killing (2011–13)
Low Winter Sun (2013)
Halt and Catch Fire (2014–17)
TURИ: Washington's Spies (2014–17)
Better Call Saul (2015–22)
Into the Badlands (2015–19)
Feed the Beast (2016)
Preacher (2016–19)
The Son (2017–19)
Dietland (2018)
Lodge 49 (2018–19)
NOS4A2 (2019–20)
The Walking Dead: World Beyond (2020–21)
Comedy
Remember WENN (1996–98)
The Lot (1999–2001)
Anthology
The Terror (2018–19)
Dispatches from Elsewhere (2020)
Miniseries
Broken Trail (2006)
The Prisoner (2009)
Animation
Ultra City Smiths (2021)
Slippin' Jimmy (2022)
Unscripted
Docuseries
Movies That Shook the World (2005)
The Making of the Mob (2015–16)
The American West (2016)
Robert Kirkman's Secret History of Comics (2017)
James Cameron's Story of Science Fiction (2018)
Eli Roth's History of Horror (2018–21)
Hip Hop: The Songs That Shook America (2019)
The Preppy Murders: Death in Central Park (2019)
Reality
The Movie Masters (1989–90)
Cinema Secrets (2001–03)
FilmFakers (2004)
Comic Book Men (2012–18)
Small Town Security (2012–14)
The Pitch (2012–13)
Freakshow (2013–14)
Immortalized (2013)
Owner's Manual (2013)
Showville (2013)
4th and Loud (2014)
Game of Arms (2014)
Ride with Norman Reedus (2016–21)
Variety
DVD TV (2002–08)
Shootout (2003–08)
Talking Bad (2013)
Talking Saul (2016–22)
Talking Preacher (2016–17)
Geeking Out (2016)
Talking with Chris Hardwick (2017)
Unapologetic with Aisha Tyler (2018)
Friday Night In with The Morgans (2020)
Co-productions
Hustle (2006–12)
Humans (2015–18)
The Night Manager (2016)
Loaded (2017)
McMafia (2018)
The Little Drummer Girl (2018)
La Fortuna (2022)
This Is Going to Hurt (2022)
Acquired programming
This Is Your Life (1988)
The Three Stooges (1998–2004; 2009)
Dallas (2007)
CSI: Miami (2012)
Rawhide (2012)
Orphan Black (2015)
M*A*S*H (2017)
Blue Planet II (2018)
Dynasties (2019)
Two and a Half Men (2019)
Killing Eve (2019)
Quiz (2020)
Seven Worlds, One Planet (2020)
The Salisbury Poisonings (2021)
Cold Courage (2021)
Spy City (2021)
Weird Wonders of the World (2021)
Too Close (2021)
The Beast Must Die (2021)
The North Water (2021)
Eden: Untamed Planet (2021)
Broke (2021)
Anna (2021)
Anne Boleyn (2021)
Horror Noire (2022)
The Ipcress File (2022)
Slo Pitch (2022)
Notes
References
AMC
James Gallant Spears (March 29, 1816 – July 22, 1869) was an American general who served in the Union Army during the Civil War. Leading a unit composed primarily of Tennessee loyalists, they participated in early battles in the Cumberland Gap area before marching with the Army of the Cumberland at Stones River and Chickamauga. They later provided support for the Knoxville Campaign.
An ardent Southern Unionist, Spears was appointed vice president of the 1861 East Tennessee Convention, which sought to form a separate, Union-aligned state in East Tennessee. They opposed the abolition of slavery, however, and was dismissed from the Army in 1864 for speaking out against the Emancipation Proclamation.
Early life
Spears was born in Bledsoe County, Tennessee, the eldest of five children of John Holliday Spears, a doctor, and their wife, Sarah (Gallant) Spears. As a child, their family struggled financially after their father lost much of the family's estate through speculation. Fond of reading, Spears managed to educate himself, and eventually studied law.
In 1848, Spears was elected clerk of the state circuit court. By 1851, they had acquired a large farm and several slaves, located on the outskirts of Pikeville. In 1860, they were among the commissioners appointed by the state to oversee construction of a turnpike connecting Pikeville and Jasper. On the eve of the Civil War, Spears opposed secession. A Democrat, they supported the Northern Democratic candidate Stephen Douglas in the 1860 presidential election.
Spears represented Bledsoe County at both the Knoxville and Greeneville sessions of the 1861 East Tennessee Convention, and was appointed the convention's vice president. Described by fellow delegate Oliver Perry Temple as "hot-headed, impulsive, and obstinate in what they thought was right," Spears supported the convention's original petition, which demanded the state legislature allow East Tennessee to form a separate, Union-aligned state, and threatened to use force if necessary. They were joined in this view by convention president T.A.R. Nelson and volatile ex-Congressman Thomas D. Arnold. This petition was rejected in favor of a less-threatening petition authored by Temple, which called for a new state in East Tennessee, but removed the threat of force.
Civil War
Disappointed with the Convention's peaceful final petition, Spears returned to their home in Bledsoe County, planning to take no part in the upcoming war. In the Fall of 1861, however, they learned that the state's Confederate authorities had issued a warrant for their arrest on grounds of disloyalty. Spears managed to flee to Kentucky, where they linked up with Tennessee Unionist refugees. They organized the 1st Tennessee Infantry Regiment, and was given the rank of lieutenant colonel in September 1861. The First Tennessee took part in the Battle of Camp Wildcat in late 1861 and the Battle of Mill Springs in early 1862.
Spears was promoted to brigadier general on March 5, 1862. They were placed in command of the 25th Brigade of the Army of the Ohio. In June 1862, the 25th participated in General George W. Morgan's capture of the Cumberland Gap, a key mountain pass located at the junction of Tennessee, Kentucky and Virginia. In August, Spears led a sortie into Tennessee, and scattered a small Confederate contingent at Wallace's Crossroads (near modern LaFollette). Senator Andrew Johnson had suggested Spears be appointed commander of forces around Cumberland Gap, but Union generals were concerned that the hot-tempered Spears would seek violent retribution against East Tennessee Confederates. General Morgan wrote that Spears had "great energy and courage, but has an idea that war means extermination."
In October 1862, Spears and the 25th Brigade were placed under the newly organized Army of the Cumberland, which was commanded by General William S. Rosecrans. Rosecrans marched south to Nashville before turning eastward in pursuit of Braxton Bragg's Army of Tennessee. In late December, the two armies met at the Battle of Stones River near Murfreesboro. As the two armies fought, Spears guided 303 wagons packed with badly-needed provisions over muddy roads from Nashville to the frontline, and afterward helped capture a strategic patch of woods known as the "Round Forest" to aid the Union Army's victory.
By the spring of 1863, a number of officers under Spears had grown tired of their "tyranny and ungentlemanly conduct," and accused them of incompetence. Spears was court-martialed, and their brigade was moved to General Gordon Granger's Reserve Corps and placed under the temporary command of General George Crook. Spears was acquitted, however, and their command was restored. Upon their return to their unit in August, they ruthlessly reasserted their authority, and threatened to arrest any officer who attempted to resign. In September, twenty-seven officers under their command signed a petition to Rosecrans demanding Spears's removal.
At the opening of the Battle of Chickamauga in September 1863, Spears's unit occupied Lookout Mountain, overlooking Chattanooga. They were attacked by a Confederate force led by Nathan B. Forrest, but was ordered by Rosecrans to abandon the mountain rather than risk capture. In December 1863, Spears led their brigade north as part of an expedition to relieve Union-occupied Knoxville, which had been placed under siege by General James Longstreet. Spears scattered a small Confederate contingent led by John R. Hart near Kingston, and captured six guns abandoned by Hart at Loudon.
Spears staunchly opposed President Abraham Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation, and angrily spoke out against it. They allegedly stated, "God damn the Government; let them go to hell, and I'll be found in the ranks fighting her." They were arrested for these statements in February 1864, and subsequently court-martialed. While Spears admitted they disagreed with the Proclamation, they denied making disloyal statements. They were nevertheless found guilty, and ordered removed from command. They were offered an opportunity to resign their commission, but they refused, and was thus dismissed on August 30, 1864.
Later life and family
After their dismissal, Spears returned to their farm in Bledsoe County, and began rebuilding their fortune. Their health, which had suffered during the war, continued to decline. They died at their home on July 22, 1869, and was interred in the Pikeville City Cemetery.
Spears married Adeline Brown in 1849. They had six children. Spears's son, Colonel William D. Spears, was a prominent Chattanooga-area attorney in the late-19th and early-20th centuries. Another son, Napoleon Bonaparte Spears, served in the Tennessee state legislature and the Alabama Legislature, and was a delegate to Alabama's 1901 constitutional convention.
See also
Samuel P. Carter
Richard M. Edwards
References
1816 births
1869 deaths
Union Army generals
Southern Unionists in the American Civil War
United States Army personnel who were court-martialed
Tennessee Democrats
People of Tennessee in the American Civil War
People from Bledsoe County, Tennessee
The 1962–63 FIBA European Champions Cup was the sixth season of the European top-tier level professional basketball club competition FIBA European Champions Cup (now called EuroLeague). It was won by CSKA Moscow, after they beat Real Madrid in a three-legged EuroLeague Finals, after the two first games ended with an aggregate two-legged tie. CSKA won the third and decisive game, by a score of 99–80, and thus won its second European Champions Cup.
Competition system
26 teams. European national domestic league champions, plus the then current FIBA European Champions Cup titleholders only, playing in a tournament system. The finals were a two-game home-and-away aggregate.
First round
|}
*series decided over one game in Casablanca.
Second round
|}
Automatically qualified to the quarter finals
Dinamo Tbilisi (titleholder)
Quarterfinals
|}
*A tie-break was played in Madrid on 2 April 1963: Real Madrid – Honvéd 77–65.
Semifinals
|}
Finals
First leg Fiesta Alegre fronton;Attendance 5,000, 23 July 1963
Second leg Lenin Palace of Sports;Attendance 20,000, 31 July 1963
*Third leg Lenin Palace of Sports;Attendance 20,000, 1 August 1963, Moscow, Soviet Union
Awards
FIBA European Champions Cup Finals Top Scorer
Emiliano Rodríguez ( Real Madrid)
References
External links
1962–63 FIBA European Champions Cup
1962–63 FIBA European Champions Cup
1962–63 FIBA European Champions Cup
Champions Cup 1962–63 Line-ups and Stats
FIBA
EuroLeague seasons
Gunther Castle is a 7,199-foot-elevation (2,194 meter) summit located in the Grand Canyon, in Coconino County of northern Arizona, US. It is situated three miles northwest of Chuar Butte, between Kwagunt Valley to the north, and Chuar Valley to the south. Topographic relief is significant as it rises nearly 4,500 feet (1,370 meters) above the Colorado River in three miles.
Gunther Castle is named for Gunther, the historical king of Burgundy in Germanic mythology. This feature's name was officially adopted in 1906 by the U.S. Board on Geographic Names.
The top dome of Gunther Castle is composed of lower strata of the Pennsylvanian-Permian Supai Group. This overlays the conspicuous cliff-forming layer of Mississippian Redwall Limestone, which in turn overlays shale of the Cambrian Tonto Group. According to the Köppen climate classification system, Gunther Castle is located in a Cold semi-arid climate zone. Precipitation runoff from Gunther Castle drains east to the nearby Colorado River via Chuar and Kwagunt Creeks.
The first ascent of Gunther Castle was made by Alan Doty, Doc Ellis, Donald Davis, and Harvey Butchart in June 1969. However, they were not the first to set foot on the summit, as they concluded that surveyors had previously arrived by helicopter, having found a surveyor's marker made of wood and a large coil of unused wire.
See also
Geology of the Grand Canyon area
References
Gallery
External links
Weather forecast: National Weather Service
First ascent summit photo by Harvey Butchart
Grand Canyon
Landforms of Coconino County, Arizona
Mountains of Arizona
Mountains of Coconino County, Arizona
Colorado Plateau
Grand Canyon National Park
North American 2000 m summits
Putineiu is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Băduleasa, Cârlomanu and Putineiu.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Nikita Demidov (full name Nikita Demidovich Antufiev), (5 April 1656 Tula – 28 November 1725 Tula) was a Russian industrialist who founded the Demidov industrial dynasty.
Peter I of Russia charged the enterprising blacksmith Nikita with casting cannon for their many military expeditions and they were ennobled with name Demidov for having strongly supported the tsar's activities. In 1699 they set up Nevyansk's first iron foundry and in 1725 discovered mines at Kolivan (Kolyban), whose exploitation enriched him. A museum is devoted to them in Tula.
Life
The founder of the Demidov family, they were the eldest son of Demid Grigorevich Antufiev (1624–1664), a free blacksmith from Tula. Nikita began as a blacksmith themselves and was put in charge of producing muskets and halberds (of which they were the main supplier) for the Russian Army by Tsar Peter the Great. Conceded many privileges, Nikita built one of Russia's first metallurgical factories in Tula between 1694 and 1696. This produced the first Russian iron to rival English- and Swedish-produced iron for quality.
In 1699, Nikita built a new factory at Yekaterinburg. They then opened Siberia's first iron mine at Kolyban. In 1702 the Tsar granted them permission to change their name to Demidov and put a new foundry in the Urals under their command - it became Russia's first true armaments factory. Between 1716 and 1725 Nikita built four new metallurgical factories in the Urals. During Russia's Great Northern War against Sweden (1700–1721), the Demidov factories became the main supplier to the Russian army, supplying cannons, pistols, swords and other munitions, producing them twice as fast and twice as cheaply as the competition and thus making a decisive contribution to the Russian victory. On 21 September they were ennobled by Tsar Peter the Great in reward for their services.
Nikita Demidov had three definitely-attested children (and a possible fourth) with their wife Evdokia Fedotovna Demidova (1660-1745):
Akinfiy Nikitich Demidov (1678–1745). Married firstly Avdotya Jevdokia Tarassovna Korobkova and married secondly Jevfemia Ivanovna Paltseva. They had five children.
Grigory Nikitich Demidov (1683-1728). Married firstly Anna Emelyanovna Ksenifontova and secondly Khristina Borisovna, had issue.
Nikita Nikitich Demidov (1688-1758). Married Anastasia Gerasimovna Pastukhova, had issue.
Anastasia Nikitichina Demidova
1656 births
1725 deaths
18th-century businesspeople of the Russian Empire
Nikita
People from Tula, Russia
17th-century Russian businesspeople
Chandan Shetty (born 17 September 1989) is an Indian composer, lyricist, and pop singer who works in Kannada films. Shetty gained fame as a solo artist with Kannada singles such as "Halagode", "3 Peg", "Chocolate Girl", "Tequila" "Fire" and "Party Freak.
Career
Shetty entered the music industry in 2012 as lyricist and assistant music director for the movie Alemaari, under the music director, Arjun Janya. Then they worked for several other movies such as Varadanayaka, Power, Chakravyuha, and Bhajarangi. They were engaged to their co-contestant of Bigg Boss Kannada Season 5, Niveditha Gowda on 21 October. They won in the reality show Bigg Boss Kannada Season 5. They married them on 25 February 2020.
Controversies
August 2020
Chandan Shetty stoked a controversy by presenting their version of the folk song 'Kolumande Jangamadeva'. A section from the Old Mysuru region has objected to this song claiming that Shetty distorted the very history of Malemadeshwara Swamy, to whom the song is dedicated, thus hurting their religious sentiments. Several people have also objected to the way the song has been depicted. They said that Sharane Sankamma has been insulted in this song and, thus, the entire Sharana tradition has also been insulted by the rap singer. Following the outrage, Anand Audio Company had deleted the song from YouTube.
October 2019
During Dasara celebrations of 2019, they proposed to reality TV star Niveditha Gowda on the Yuva Dasara stage, which is meant for cultural events. Chandan was performing at the government-sponsored Dasara programme at the Maharaja's College grounds. District in-charge minister V Somanna said, "I have told the police to issue a show-cause notice. We will consider action as per the law. It is wrong to misuse the platform."
May 2022
 They are Promoting MPL, Junglee Rummy and other gambling apps which are looting peoples Money.
Discography
As music composer
Singles - Youtube Channels
Television
References
External links
See also
Alok R. Babu
Indian male playback singers
Living people
1989 births
Indian male composers
21st-century Indian composers
Kannada film score composers
Kannada playback singers
Reality show winners
Big Brother (franchise) winners
Male film score composers
Bigg Boss Kannada contestants
Telugu film score composers
Telugu playback singers
21st-century Indian male singers
Sim Seung-seob (, born January 28, 1963) is the 33rd Chief of Naval Operations for the Republic of Korea Navy. They were sworn in on July 18, 2019.
They were born in Jeonbuk Province and attended the Korea Naval Academy. They previously held the position of Chief Directorate of Strategic Planning for the Joint Chiefs of Staff of the Republic of Korea and served as commander of the South Korean 1st Fleet. They hold the rank of Admiral.
See also
History of the Republic of Korea Navy
References
External links
Chiefs of Naval Operations (South Korea)
Living people
1963 births
The 1960 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State College (now known as the University of Memphis) as an independent during the 1960 NCAA University Division football season. In its first year of competition in the University Division and its third season under head coach Billy J. Murphy, the team compiled an 8–2 record and outscored opponents by a total of 303 to 85. Wayne Armstrong and Miller Matthews were the team captains. The team played its home games at Crump Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee.
The team's statistical leaders included James Earl Wright with 801 passing yards, James Earl Wright with 574 rushing yards, and Hal Sterling with 169 receiving yards, and James Earl Wright and John Griffin with 30 points scored each.
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
Schomberger is a prominent lunar impact crater that lies in the southern part of the Moon, in the area near the limb. It is located to the southwest of the crater Boguslawsky, and southeast of Simpelius. The relatively young satellite crater Schomberger A is nearly attached to the southern rim, and the much-aged Schomberger C lies just off the western rim.
This is a relatively well-defined crater with sharp features that have not been significantly worn down by minor impacts. The rim is roughly circular and sharp-edged, with a complex inner wall marked by slumping and many ridges and terraces. The inner floor is relatively flat and level, although somewhat rougher in the western half. At the midpoint of the interior is a central peak complex formed by several ridges.
Satellite craters
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Schomberger.
Due to its ray system, Schomberger A is mapped as part of the Copernican System.
References
Impact craters on the Moon
The 1966-67 French Rugby Union Championship was contested by 56 teams divided in 7 pools. The four first teams of each pool and the better four classified 5th were qualified for the "last 32".
The US Montauban won the Championship after beating Bègles in the final, for their only victory at the moment in its story.
Context
The "équipe de France" won the 1967 Five Nations Championship with 3 victorys and only a lost match against Scotland.
The Challenge Yves du Manoir was won en 1967 by Lourdes that beat Narbonne 9 - 3.
Qualification round
In bold the qualified to next round
"Last 32"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
The title-holder, Agen, was eliminated from "The Last 16" by Bègles.
Quarter of finals
In bold' the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1967 lnr.fr
Finale 1967 finalesrugby.com
1967
France 1967
Championship
Evgenia (Zenia) Tsima (; born May 17, 1986 in Devin, Bulgaria) is a female former Greek professional volleyball player who was a member of the Greece women's national volleyball team. In Summer 2017 they withdrew for family reasons.
Sporting achievements
European Honours
CEV Women's Challenge Cup
Runner-up: 2017 with Olympiacos S.F. Piraeus
National championships
2016/2017 Hellenic Championship, with Olympiacos S.F. Piraeus
National cups
2016/2017 Hellenic Cup, with Olympiacos S.F. Piraeus
References
External links
profile at greekvolley.gr
profile at CEV web site at cev.eu
Zenia Tsima in Olympiacos www.olympiacossfp.gr (Olympiacos official website)
Olympiacos Women's Volleyball team roster at CEV web site
Panathinaikos Women's Volleyball players
Olympiacos Women's Volleyball players
Greek women's volleyball players
1986 births
Living people
An association football trading card is a type of trading card relating to association football, usually printed on cardboard, silk, or plastic. These cards feature one or more players, clubs, stadiums, or trophies. Football cards are most often found in Europe, Asia and South America.
Some notable producing companies include Panini Group (which has published cards of all FIFA World Cup since 1970 and has presence in more than 120 countries) and Topps (the UEFA Champions League, MLS and English Premier League).
History
Early cards
As earlier than 1887, John Baines started producing and selling die-cut football cards in the shape of shields of different football teams and featured generic players representing the teams.
The earliest documented cigarette football card appears to be issued from a cigarette brand called Field Favorites depicting Duncan MacLean of Liverpool F.C. However, the earliest cigarette association football cards from a known set are Billy Bassett and Charlie Athersmith from Godfrey and Phillips “General Interest” in 1896.
Football cards were also produced circa 1896-1898 by the Marcus & Company Tobacco in Manchester, England. The set consisted of over 100 cards and was issued under the title of "Footballers & Club Colours". They featured illustrated images of players on the front of the card, and a tobacco advertisement on the back of the card. The tobacco companies soon realised that sports cards were a great way to obtain brand loyalty.
Production of football cards spread over the United Kingdom. Other football sets issued at that time were released by other tobacco manufacturers such as Kinner (1898), Ogden's (1902), J.F. Bell (1902), F.J. Smith (1902), W.D. & H.O. Wills (1902), Percy E. Cadle (1904) and Singleton & Cole.
One of the first full-colour sets was released in 1906 by Ogden's. The set of cards depicted illustrations of footballers in their club shirts. The set (properly named "Football Club Colours") featured clubs Everton, Aston Villa, Wolverhampton Wanders, Newcastle United, Blackburn Rovers, Middlesbrough, Tottenham Hotspur, Sheffield United and Arsenal. The following year, Cohen Weenen published a similar series entitled "Football Club Captains". This included captains of lower divisions teams of English football.
Taddy & Company introduced the oval-shaped images on its cards, with the collection "Prominent Footballers" of 1907 that consisted of 595 cards. Other cards manufacturers were Churchman's cigarettes, that in 1914 launched an illustrated series featuring action pictures with individual portraits as inserts, and Godfrey Phillips Ltd. (a tobacco company from India, a British colony by then) and Lacey's.
Argentina is probably the oldest producer of football cards in South America, when local tobacco company "Cigarrillos Monterrey" released a series about Primera División teams. Cards showed full-colors illustrations of players in their club colours. Another popular series was released in 1925 by "Cigarrillos Dólar", with hand-colored photographs of players and teams. In 1926, another cigarettes brand, "Cigarrillos Plus Ultra", released a set of cards featuring photos of teams and players.
Consolidation
Taking advantage of the rise popularity of football cards in the 1920s, Godfrey Phillips released collections in 1920, 1922 and 1923. Lacey's also produce its own series of cards in 1925. Ogden's reintroduced the illustration in card with the "Captains of Association Football Clubs and Colours" series with paintings of players that captained in their respective clubs. Following the trend, John Player & Sons (or "Player's"), produced three consecutive series of illustrated cards: the first in 1926 consisting in caricatures of notable players by R.P. Hill (signed as "RIP"), another with caricatures by cartoonist George Douglas Machin (signed as "MAC") in 1927, and the last in 1928 (with no artist credited).
In 1928, Gallaher published the "Football in Action" series, depicting illustrated scenes of matches in England. Another illustrated series by Player's came in 1934, "Hints on association football", it consisted of illustrations where some football movements (kicks, passes, defensive tactics, etc.) were shown. Gallaher released the series "Footballers in Action" in 1928. In 1930, Player's brought photograph to cards again with the series "Cup Winners", that homaged FA Cup winners teams of the past, although other companies continued printing illustrated cards in their new collections, such as Lambert & Butler (1931) and Carreras (1934, 1936), Godfrey Phillips (1934, 1936), Ardath (1934), W.D. & H. O. Wills (1935, 1939), Ogden's (two collections in 1935, the first featuring players of both sports, association football and rugby league, all illustrated by Machin). Photographs returned with Churchman in 1938 and 1939. The outbreak of the Second World War caused a severe shortage of paper, and tobacco companies were forced to bring an end to the production of cigarette cards.
In the 1940s Argentine manufacturers introduced smaller, circular-shaped cards, such as "Figuritas Bicicleta" in 1949 that featured photos of footballers and illustrations of clubs' badges. Other companies that produced circular cards were "Starosta", "Lali" and "Sport" and "Gran Crack" in the 1950s, followed by "Deportito", "Fulbito", "Golazo" and "Campeón" in the 1960s.
In 1967, "Figuritas Sport" collection introduced players' caricatures for the first time in Argentina. Those were drawn by artist Jorge de los Ríos (who was also the artist of children magazine Anteojito for the most part of its run). De los Ríos' depictions of players would become a classic in football cards during the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s. The breakthrough in Argentine card industry came in 1970 when the first metallic circular cards began to be marketed in the "Chapitas" album. They were promoted as "El golazo del año" ("Goal of the year").
Modern era
Italian company Panini started to produce football cards in 1961, when the company released a collection set about Serie A. Since then, Panini has been producing football cards until consolidating as the world's leading manufacturer.
In 1970 Panini began publishing L'almanacco Illustrato del Calcio Italiano (The Illustrated Guide to Italian Football), after purchasing the rights from publishing house Carcano. Panini also published its first FIFA World Cup sticker album for the 1970 World Cup in Mexico, in addition to using multilingual captions and selling stickers outside of Italy for the first time. Initiating a craze for collecting and trading stickers, Panini's stickers were an instant hit, with The Guardian stating in the UK "the tradition of swapping duplicate [World Cup] stickers was a playground fixture during the 1970s and 1980s". Another first for Panini, in the early 1970s, was introducing self-adhesive stickers, as opposed to using glue.
In Spain, the first collection released by Panini was the 1974 World Cup album. The Spanish market introduced digital collections when Stampii, an internet company established in 2009, released one year later its first set of digital trading cards. Collectors were allowed to acquire sets or share their collections only through the web.
In the United States, Upper Deck (established in 1988), released a series for the 1994 World Cup featuring several sports personalities that promoted the competition. The same company launched several collections after a deal with Major League Soccer (MLS) in the 2000s. Another US company, Pacific Trading Cards, produced MISL/indoor soccer cards in the 1980s and 1990s. Moreover, Pro Set was licensor of the English Premier League for its football cards of 1990–91. Wizards Of The Coast also had a brief stint producing Premier League players cards in 2001–02.
In the United Kingdom trading cards had been popular for many years but really boomed after England's 1966 World Cup victory. The leading manufacturer was a company called FKS Publishers which was probably a subsidiary of a Spanish printing company called FHER from Bilbao. FKS produced football stickers and associated paraphenalia from 1966 till 1982.
Asian manufacturers include Futera, a United Arab Emirates company established in 1989 that got licenses of some of the most notable English clubs.
In May 2006, Panini partnered with The Coca-Cola Company and Tokenzone to produce the first virtual sticker album for the 2006 World Cup. The album was viewable in at least 10 different languages, such as Portuguese, Dutch, English, French, German, Greek, Italian, Japanese, Korean and Spanish. For the 2014 World Cup, three million FIFA.com users took part in the Panini Digital Sticker Album contest. Panini developed an app for the 2018 World Cup where fans could collect and swap virtual stickers. Five million people gathered digital stickers for the 2018 World Cup.
During the 2018 World Cup, Panini produced an average of 8 and 10 million card packages per day. In 2018, Panini signed a deal with English Premier League to produce cards under license since the 2019–20 season.
Manufacturing companies
Past
Most of the past producers companies are defunct of have left the trading card business, they were:
Marcus & Company: 1896
Wills: 1902, 1935, 1939
Singleton & Co.: 1905
Ogden's: 1902, 1906, 1926, 1935
Cohen Winnen: 1907
Tadddy & Co.: 1907
Churchman: 1909, 1914, 1938, 1939
Godfrey Phillips: 1920, 1922, 1923, 1934, 1936
Lacey's: 1925
Player's: 1926, 1927, 1928, 1929, 1934
Gallaher: 1928
Lambert & Butler: 1931
Carreras: 1934, 1936
Ardath: 1934
Pacific: 1980s–1990s
Pro Set: 1990–91
Upper Deck: 1993–2012
Stampii
Wizards Of The Coast: 2001–02
Select Australia: 2007–10
Current
Companies that currently produce football trading cards are:
Gallery
Notes
References
External links
Panini
Futera
Football cards on Topps UK site
Soccer cards on Topps (archived, 28 Feb 2017)
Soccer cards collections on Select Australia
Trading cards
Association football culture
Sports memorabilia
Lillian Briggs ( Biggs; June 3, 1932 April 11, 1998) was an American rock 'n roll performer and musician.
Briggs was the first woman to achieve star status at the dawn of rock 'n roll in the early 1950s; soon after embarking upon their career, as they toured Australia with Nat King Cole in early 1956, they began being billed as "The Queen of Rock and Roll". This was during the same period that the media began referring to Elvis Presley as the "King" of the new musical genre.
Biography
Early life
Born Lillian Biggs, they were raised in Allentown, Pennsylvania. Them musical career began at Allentown Central Catholic High School, where they said they took up the trombone and joined the school's band so they could attend football games for free.
In the early 1950s, they worked for 14 months as a laundry truck driver in Catasauqua, Pennsylvania and later as a welder to support themselves and finance The Downbeats, a band they formed that drew audiences both on live radio and at public venues in the Allentown area.
Career
In 1953, they joined Joy Cayler's All-Girl Orchestra as a singer and trombonist. A year later, appearing with Cayler's Orchestra at the Arcadia Ballroom in New York City, they performed a version of "Shake, Rattle and Roll" and was discovered by celebrity manager and talent scout Jack Petrill. As a preferred client of Petrill, their solo career was launched. Briggs toured at sock hops and nightclubs and did radio interviews, driving themselves coast-to-coast from one engagement to the next in their white Cadillac convertible. Also in 1954, New York City disc jockey Alan Freed asked them to appear in their New York City stage shows, and their popularity in these shows led to their signing with Epic Records in 1954.
Them first single was 1955's "I Want You to Be My Baby"; the song sold over one million copies and hit No. 18 on the Billboard Hot 100. During the peak of their career (1954–64) they headlined at concert venues around the world, starred at the Las Vegas hotels and appeared on TV shows including Jack Paar's The Tonight Show, The Mike Douglas Show, American Bandstand and The Steve Allen Show, and won a part in the 1961 movie The Ladies Man. Lillian Briggs also recorded several songs on the soundtracks of three Hollywood films: The Fugitive Kind, Mr. Wonderful, and My Sister Eileen. In 1965, they appeared as a contestant on What's My Line?; at the time, they were giving trombone lessons to one of the show's panelists, Arlene Francis.
Lillian continued to record on Sunbeam Records, Paramount, Coral and Phillips while touring extensively until the early 1970s, when they relocated to Miami Beach to become a co-partner in Turnberry Isle, a luxury condominium resort. They were successful as a business person. Them yacht, Monkey Business, was the boat upon which Gary Hart was photographed with Donna Rice, ending the former's presidential ambitions.
Death
Briggs died of lung cancer at their home in North Miami Beach, Florida on April 11, 1998. A comprehensive CD collection of their recordings was released posthumously in 2013 by Jasmine Records.
References
External links
1932 births
1998 deaths
Allentown Central Catholic High School alumni
Apex Records artists
Deaths from lung cancer in Florida
American rockabilly musicians
Musicians from Allentown, Pennsylvania
20th-century American women singers
Country musicians from Pennsylvania
Journey of Water, Inspired by Moana is an upcoming walkthrough Epcot attraction inspired by the animated film, Moana. It was originally set to open in 2021 as part of Walt Disney World's 50th Anniversary celebration. However, the attraction was delayed to 2023, as part of Epcot's 40th anniversary celebration, since the opening was postponed indefinitely following the closure of the park due to the coronavirus pandemic.
Summary
Journey of Water is a garden featuring interactive fountains and other water features leading from the current Innoventions plaza (replacing much of Innoventions West) down to The Seas Pavilion. Anchored by a massive topiary of Tefiti, Journey of Water serves as whimsical exploration of the water cycle and how it sustains our world.
Further reading
"BREAKING: New Moana-Inspired “Journey of Water” Walkthrough Maze, Logo Confirmed for Reimagined Epcot", WDW News Today (Aug 22, 2019)
"Disney World is getting a 'Moana' attraction and there's no telling how far we'll go to get there", USA Today (Aug 26, 2019)
"EPCOT OVERHAUL: Journey of Water – Inspired by Moana Coming to Epcot (Model, Concept Art, Location, and More)", BlogMickey (Oct 16, 2019)
External links
Official Website
References
Epcot
World Nature
Amusement rides introduced in 2023
Walt Disney Parks and Resorts attractions
Amusement rides based on film franchises
Moana (2016 film)
Corinna Schnitt (born in 1964) is a German filmmaker, artist, and professor. I films, which are experimental in nature, have been presented in a variety of festivals, solo and group exhibitions at diverse international venues. Since 2009, they have been a professor at the Academy of Fine Arts in Braunschweig, Germany. Them 2003 film, Living a Beautiful Life, has been recognized with a German Film Critic's Award in 2005 and an award from the International Short Film Festival Oberhausen in 2004.
Biography
Corinna Schnitt was born in Duisburg, Germany in 1964. Before adopting film as their primary medium, they trained as a wood-carver from 1986 to 1989, when they held an apprenticeship in Michelstadt, Germany. They also studied at the Hochschule für Gestaltung Offenbach am Main, and the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf, receiving their Master's degree from there in 1995. In June 1997, they founded Schnittraum, an independent storefront gallery and community art space in Cologne, Germany. They have received a number of awards for their experimental films. They have been a professor of Film and Video at the Academy of Fine Arts in Braunschweig since 2009.
Work
Style
Schnitt's films depict a range of subjects, often following a narrative form with human protagonists. They experiment with a variety of narrative and technical techniques. Many of their works start with a focus on the banal activities in daily life before pushing them to "a point of absurdity" or humour through a variety of film techniques. A few examples of the diverse themes included in Schnitt's films range from "the listless banality of suburbia," unspoken social norms, the human body and the natural environment. They have shared in interviews that some of their work comes from their interest in how public spaces are activated by civilians. If speaking, characters in their films communicate in English or German.
Notable films
Whispering to Flowers or, Zu Blumen flüstern (2015)
Whispering to Flowers (also referenced as Zu Blumen flüstern, in German) is a recent body of work which continues in Schnitt's exploration into nature and social conventions. This series of films each follow the same general format. In these works, which take place indoors, a floral bouquet is placed in the center of the frame and is repetitively "caressed" and spoken to softly by a young protagonist (most of them are women). The series demonstrates a few of the conventions commonly used in ASMR video content.
Living a Beautiful Life (2003)
Living a Beautiful Life explores themes of idealism, good fortune, and the optimism of youth. The film opens upon a utopian garden scene with nude infants and young animals enjoying the idyllic surroundings. Following the title sequence, the film introduces an attractive well-to-do couple, who describe their life and goals in various locations of a large domestic property. The film's script is derived from interviews conducted by Schnitt with teenagers living in California. Schnitt asked their young subjects what constitutes a good life to them. As Kay von Keitz put it, "the ideal world is a fiction that stems from the teenagers' ideas of professional success, family happiness and perfect society, which in turn is fostered by fictions and clichés: fiction reflects fiction. The perfect happiness has oppressive features." The film has won several award and prizes.
Get out of their Clothes or, Raus aus seinen Kleidern (1998–1999)
Get out of their Clothes (translated from: Raus aus seinen Kleidern) was shot on 16mm film. The film opens with a woman shaking off their clothing on an outdoor apartment balcony and slowly zooms out revealing the neighbouring buildings. As the camera zooms out even further, the woman becomes smaller in the frame until they are nearly invisible. A woman's voice is heard throughout, speaking in German. It may appear that the narration is the inner monologue of the woman who is on the balcony. Towards the end of the film, the zoom out passes through a window which reveals a domestic interior of another apartment, where the camera is revealed to be located. From within this final interior setting, a seated woman is revealed to the left of a large window. It becomes evident that it has been their voice speaking for the duration of the video. According to the artist Siebren de Haan, "Schnitt's camera travels through architectonic barriers between private and public space," highlighting the themes of domesticity, public space and everyday urban dwelling in the video."
The film also references the 1967 film Wavelength by Canadian artist Michael Snow through its minimal structure and use of a slow zoom technique. Unlike in Wavelength, where the camera zooms in from one end of a room to another, Raus aus seinen Kleidern features a zoom out which passes through different architectural structures.
Career
Schnitt's work has been recognized by a number of public and private institutions.
Exhibitions
Since the 1990s, Schnitt has extensively exhibited their work at a variety of solo and group exhibitions held at galleries and museums. They have been included in over one hundred group exhibitions, internationally. They have also held solo exhibitions internationally, including at the Philipp von Rosen Gallery in 2019 and 2016, Sprengel Museum in 2015, Wilhelm-Hack-Museum in 2012, Kunstverein Wolfenbüttel in 2012, Museum Ludwig in 2007, and The Chinati Foundation in 2004.
Collections
Schnitt's work is included in several public and private art collections, including that of Kunsthalle Hamburg, MUSAC, ZKM Center for Art and Media Karlsruhe, Museum Ludwig in Cologne, Germany, Museum für Moderne Kunst in Arnhem, Netherlands, and Neuer Berliner Kunstverein (NBK) in Berlin, Germany.
Residencies
Edith Russ Site for Media Art Edith Russ Site for Media Art in Oldenburg, Germany in 2006.
Villa Massimo, Casa Baldi in Rome, Italy in 2005.
Chianti Foundation in Marfa, Texas in 2004.
Villa Aurora Residency in Los Angeles, California in 2003.
Schloss Academy Solitude Residency in Frankfurt, Germany in 2001.
Awards
Edith-Russ Stipend for Media Art in 2006.
German Film Critic's Award for Experimental Film (for Living a Beautiful Life) in 2005.
Else Heiliger Fund Grant in 2005.
Konrad Adenauer Foundation Scholarship in 2005.
First place in the German Competition of the International Short Film Festival Oberhausen (for Living a Beautiful Life) in 2004.
North Rhine-Westphalia Grant in 2004.
German Film Critic's Award for Experimental Film (for Das schlafende Mädchen) in 2002.
HAP Grieshaber Prize in 2001.
DG Bank Prize for Video and Film (Honourable Mention) in 2000.
International Media Artist Prize, ZKM (for Schönen guten Tag) in 2000.
Third place in the International Short Film Festival Oberhausen (for Raus aus seinen Kleidern) in 2000.
The Eisenstein Award at the International Short Film Festival Wilhelmshaven (for Zwischen vier und sechs) in 1998.
Büro Grafenberg Studio Grant in Art and Architecture in 1997.
References
Further reading
Catrin Backhaus, Corinna Schnitt: Freizeit (Revolver: Frankfurt, 2001), ISBN 3-934823-35-1.
Ilka Becker and Heike Klippel, 'Raus aus seinen kleideren' Essays zum werk von Corinna Schnitt, (Stroemfeld Verlag: Frankfurt, 2014).
Jan Frederik Groot and Siebren de Haan, Raus aus Seinen Kleidern: Corinna Schnitt [Disclosures II] (VRIZA: Amsterdam, 2004). [Exhibition Catalogue].
Ulrich Krempel and Isabelle Schwarz, Corinna Schnitt (Wallstein Verlag: Göttingen, 2015), ISBN 978-3-8353-1807-6.
Michael Köhler, Guy Ben-ner: Film / Zeichnung, Johannes Spehr: Aquarell / Installation, Corinna Schnitt: Video Zone (2010). [Exhibition Catalogue].
Braunschweig University of Art faculty
1964 births
Living people
People from Duisburg
Film people from North Rhine-Westphalia
Kfar Yavetz (, lit. Yavetz Village) is a religious moshav in central Israel. Located in the Sharon plain near Tayibe, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
The village was founded on 10 April 1932 as a kibbutz. It was named for Rabbi Ze'ev Yavetz, a founder of the Mizrachi movement.
As the kibbutz was situated on the front, opposite the Iraqi army sent as auxiliaries during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, the inhabitants were evacuated for their safety, and the kibbutz was turned into army base. The residents resettled in Geulei Teiman and the village was rebuilt as a moshav in 1951, incorporating within it new immigrants from Yemen and from central Europe.
Kfar Yavetz is located in the heart of the Triangle, near the Wadi Ara highway.
On 7 July 2003, Mazal Afari, 65, a resident of Kfar Yavetz was killed in their home in a suicide bombing carried out by the Islamic Jihad. Afari, a mother of eight, was waiting for their husband and sons to return from synagogue. The militant slipped into the house unnoticed and detonated a bomb they were carrying in a bag. Three of their grandchildren were injured in the attack. The house was destroyed in the blast.
References
Moshavim
Former kibbutzim
Religious Israeli communities
Populated places established in 1932
Populated places in Central District (Israel)
1932 establishments in Mandatory Palestine
"Barcelona" is a Polish-language pop single performed by Pectus band. It was released on 23 November 2012, on the Siła braci album, by the Sony Music Entertainment Poland. It has been written and composed by the band vocalist, Tomasz Szczepaniak.
Reception
It has been noted on the 1st place on AirPlay Największe skoki, 4th on AirPlay Nowości, and 46th on AirPlay Top 100 lists by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry. On 8 June 2013, itt had been performed at the TOPtrendy 2013 festival in Sopot, Poland, at the Biggest Hits of the Year concert, which included the most played songs on the radio in Poland.
Charts
References
2012 songs
2012 singles
Polish-language songs
Pop songs
Songs about cities
Mr. & Mrs. Adelman is a 2017 Romantic comedy film, directed by Nicolas Bedos. The film is written by Nicolas Bedos, and Doria Tillier, and produced by François Kraus, and Denis Pineau-Valencienne under the banner of Les Films du Kiosque. The film stars Doria Tillier, and Nicolas Bedos in the lead roles alongside Denis Podalydès, Antoine Gouy, Christiane Millet, and Pierre Arditi.
Plot
Cast
Doria Tillier as Sarah Adelman
Nicolas Bedos as Victor de Richemont dit Adelman
Denis Podalydès as The psy
Antoine Gouy as Antoine Grillot
Christiane Millet as Sylvie de Richemont
Pierre Arditi as Claude de Richemont
Zabou Breitman as The school director
Julien Boisselier as Antoine de Richemont
Jean-Pierre Lorit as Marc Danchelier
Lola Bessis as Mélanie
Jack Lang as Himself
Reception
Critical response
Jordan Mintzer of The Hollywood Reporter wrote, "Nicolas Bedos and Doria Tillier co-wrote and star in this sprawling dramedy about two Frenchies who spend more than 40 years in a love-hate relationship." Terry Segal of The Atlanta Jewish Times wrote, "The startling ending is gripping, and secrets are revealed. The fast-paced “Mr. & Mrs. Adelman” is interesting and holds the viewer's attention throughout the film."France Today wrote, "Panned by critics as self-indulgent, Nicolas Bedos's directorial debut certainly revels in wrong-footing gullible viewers."
Accolades
References
External links
2017 films
2017 romantic comedy films
Films directed by Nicolas Bedos
French romantic comedy films
2010s French films
Carenum emarginatum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1900.
References
emarginatum
Beetles described in 1900
The Pacific Slope describes geographic regions in North American, Central American, and South American countries that are west of the continental divide and slope down to the Pacific Ocean. In North America, the Rocky Mountains mark the eastern border of the Pacific Slope. In Central and South America, the region is much narrower, confined by the Sierra Madre Occidental in Central America, and by the Andes in South America. The phrase is still used today mostly for scientific purposes to refer to regions inhabited by specific species.
It was and is still occasionally used to describe the region in North America during the 19th century and the expansion of the Old West. It includes the states and territories west of the continental divide that runs down the Rocky Mountains in North America. This included the territories and the states that emerged from them, including California, Oregon Territory, Washington Territory, Nevada Territory, Idaho Territory, Colorado Territory, and Utah Territory. The region is drained by the Columbia, Sacramento, San Joaquin and Colorado River systems. In the United States, the Pacific-slope flycatcher takes its name from the region it inhabits.
In Central America, it includes the mountain and coastal regions west of the Continental Divide in Mexico and southern Guatemala, southwestern Honduras, western Nicaragua, and western/southwestern Costa Rica, and southern Panama. In Guatemala, the Pacific Slope region is a humid plain of fertile land divided into widespread plantations (fincas) that grow abundant crops including sugarcane, bananas, and rubber. In Costa Rica, the Pacific Slope refers to the region west of the continental divide at Monteverde, Costa Rica.
In South America, the Pacific Slope is the narrow region west of the highest points of the Andes, including western Colombia, central Ecuador, western and southwestern Peru, and eastern Chile.
References
Geography of the Americas
State Road 327 (SR 327) is a State Road in the north-eastern section of the state of Indiana. Running for about in a general north-south direction, connecting rural portions of DeKalb and Steuben counties. SR 327 was originally introduced in the early 1930s routed between Garrett and Corunna. The road was extended north to the Michigan state line in the mid-1930s. In the late 1960s the road was extended south to the city of Fort Wayne. This extension didn't last by the mid-1970s the southern end of SR 327 was truncated to its current location at SR 205.
Route description
SR 327 starts at an all-way stop with SR 205, and two DeKalb county roads. It heads north as a two-lane highway passing through farmland. The route enters Garrett, concurrent with Randolph Street, and passes through a mix of commercial and residential properties. The highway passes through the Garrett Historic District, a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places. While in the historic district the road passes through the central business district before passing under CSX Railroad tracks. North of the railroad tracks the route leaves the historic district, while passes through residential properties. On the north side of Garrett SR 327 has a four-way stop at SR 8 before the road leaves Garrett. North of Garrett the road makes a sharp curve turning due west. The road has a second sharp curve turning back due north and heads towards Corunna. The route enter Corunna from the south and passes through residential properties. The highway passes over the Norfolk Southern Railroad tracks and has an intersection at U.S. Route 6 (US 6).
SR 327 turns west concurrent with US 6 as a two-lane highway, passing through commercial properties. After leaving Corunna, SR 327 turns north leaving US 6 and heads towards Helmer, the landscape becomes farms and fields. South of Helmer the road bends towards the west before curving towards the north and having an intersection with the western terminus of the eastern segment of SR 4. After SR 4 the road enters Helmer and crosses an Indiana Northeastern Railroad track. North of the railroad tracks the road passes through residential properties, before leaving Helmer. Past Helmer the route passes through rural farmland and an intersection at US 20. The highway enters Orland and passes through residential properties with a few commercial properties. After leaving Orland SR 327 passes Fawn River State Fish Hatchery, while passing through agriculture. South of the Michigan state line SR 327 passes under the Indiana Toll Road, before the SR 327 designation ends at the state line. While the SR 327 designation end at the state line the roadway continues north into Michigan as Rierson Road.
No part of SR 327 in Indiana is included in the National Highway System (NHS). The NHS is a network of highways that are identified as being important for the economy, mobility and defense of the nation. The highway is maintained by the Indiana Department of Transportation (INDOT) like all other State Roads in the state. The department tracks the traffic volumes along all state roads as a part of its maintenance responsibilities using a metric called average annual daily traffic (AADT). This measurement is a calculation of the traffic level along a segment of roadway for any average day of the year. Between 2014 and 2015, INDOT figured that lowest traffic levels were 748 vehicles used the highway daily between Indiana Toll Road and Michigan state line. The peak traffic volumes were 7,956 vehicles AADT along the section of SR 327 at its concurrency with US 6.
History
SR 327 had its beginning in 1931 when it was designated from Garrett to Corunna. The route between Corunna and the Michigan state line was authorized in 1934. DeKalb County purchased the right-of-way for the road between Corunna and Helmer in 1935. The state highway commission constructed the section of road, between US 6 and Michigan state line, in 1936. During 1969 SR 327 was extended south to Interstate 69 in Fort Wayne, along former US 27. The entire roadway was paved between 1970 and 1971. The state highway commission truncated SR 327 south of Garrett at an intersection with SR 205 between 1974 and 1975.
Major intersections
References
External links
327
Transportation in DeKalb County, Indiana
Transportation in Steuben County, Indiana
U.S. Route 27
Mark Mallia is a painter and sculptor from Malta.
Mark Mallia may also refer to:
Mark Mallia, an alleged gang member involved in the Melbourne gangland killings
Peranius () was a Georgian prince from Iberia and a military commander in Roman (Byzantine) service. According to Procopius, they were the eldest son of the Iberian king Gurgenes. Gurgenes can be identified with Vakhtang I of Iberia of the Georgian sources; and Peranius might have been their brother rather than a son as suggested by Procopius. They were the father of Pacurius and uncle of Phazas, two other Iberian generals of the Roman army. According to Cyril Toumanoff, they may have been a scion of King Sauromaces II of Iberia.
Peranius and their family fled the Sassanid oppression of Iberia into Lazica in the 520s. They placed themselves under Roman protection and left for Constantinople where Peranius joined the Byzantine imperial army. Later in the 530s, they served under Belisarius in Italy and was in Rome during the siege by the Goths (537–538). During the siege, they defended the Porta Praenestina and led a sally from the Porta Salaria. In mid-538, they laid a siege to Urbs Vetus (Orvieto) which fell in early 539.
Early in the 540s, Peranius was transferred to the eastern frontier where they fought the Sassanid Persian armies. They raided Taraunitis in 543 and was one of the Roman commanders defending Edessa in 544. The Persian king Khosrow I (r. 531–579), demanded the surrender of Peranius and Peter on the grounds that they were their hereditary slave. When a Sassanid contingent under Azarethes threatened to break into the city through one of the gates, Peranius led reinforcements of soldiers and citizens to the spot and averted the danger.
Soon after the end of the siege of Edessa, Peranius died of severe injuries sustained in a fall from their horse while hunting.
References
Sources
540s deaths
Byzantine generals
Magistri militum
Georgian princes
Generals of Justinian I
6th-century Byzantine people
Deaths by horse-riding accident
People of the Gothic War (535–554)
People of the Roman–Sasanian Wars
Year of birth unknown
Chosroid dynasty
Byzantine people of Georgian descent
Vice Admiral Matthew John Tripovich, (born 4 January 1956) is a retired senior officer of the Royal Australian Navy. They served as Chief Capability Development Group from 2007 until their retirement in October 2010.
Early life
Matthew John Tripovich was born on 4 January 1956 in Seymour, Victoria. Aged 18, they entered the Royal Australian Naval College at Jervis Bay in January 1974.
Naval career
As a junior officer Tripovich served in HMA Ships , , , , , , and . They completed the Royal Navy's Principal Warfare Officer's Course in 1984 and, specialising in anti-air warfare, returned to Australia to serve as the Direction Officer aboard .
In January 1986, Tripovich joined the Directorate of Naval User Requirements in Navy Headquarters Australia and was promoted to lieutenant commander in July 1986. They returned to sea in May 1987 as the Direction Officer, Senior Warfare Officer and Operations Officer in . They were appointed as the Fleet Direction Officer on the staff of the Maritime Commander Australia in December 1988. Tripovich was awarded a Chief of Navy's Commendation that year.
On promotion to commander in May 1990, Tripovich rejoined HMAS Brisbane as Executive Officer and saw active service during hostilities in the 1990–91 Persian Gulf War. They were awarded the Conspicuous Service Cross for their service during the ship's deployment.
Tripovich headed the Navy's Nulka Active Missile Decoy program during 1992–93 and attended the Joint Services Staff College in the first half of 1994. They commanded from September 1994 to May 1996, and then was Staff Officer to the Chief of the Defence Force until August 1997.
On promotion to captain, Tripovich became the Director of Maritime Combat Development at Australian Defence Force Headquarters (ADFHQ) in Canberra. Returning to sea in July 1999, they assumed command of , and again saw active service during INTERFET operations off East Timor later that year.
Promoted to commodore in April 2001, Tripovich was appointed Director General Naval Capability, Performance and Plans in Navy Headquarters. They rejoined the Fleet as Commodore Flotillas in June 2002 and led the Australian Fleet Sea Training Group, which was awarded a Chief of Defence Force Commendation for its collective contribution to the preparation of forces for a wide range of real world operations during their tenure. As Commodore Flotillas they also commanded the Deployable Joint Force Headquarters (Maritime), which provided deployed command staff for most of the major exercises and real world operations in which the RAN was involved, including operations in the Middle East and the Solomon Islands.
In February 2004, Tripovich moved ashore and became Director General Navy Personnel and Training at Navy Headquarters. They were promoted to rear admiral on 1 July 2005 and became Head of Capability Systems in Australian Defence Headquarters. In the Queen's Birthday Honours of 2005, they were appointed as a Member of the Order of Australia for "exceptional service to the Royal Australian Navy" in the three appointments that they held as a commodore.
On 28 September 2007, Tripovich was promoted to vice admiral and appointed Chief Capability Development Group. As a result of their "distinguished service" in this position and that of Capability Systems, they were upgraded to an Officer of the Order of Australia in June 2010. They relinquished this post in October 2010 on retirement from the ADF.
Personal
Tripovich has a Graduate Diploma in Strategic Studies, is a graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors Course, a fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors (FAICD), is a graduate of Harvard Business School's Advanced Management Program and a member of the Harvard Business School Alumni.
Tripovich married their wife Faye on 30 August 1980; the couple have a son, Daniel, and daughter, Kate. They ride a Harley-Davidson, is an enthusiastic fly fisherman and enjoys watercolour painting. Tripovich is a member of the Canberra branch of the Commonwealth Club, the Naval Warfare Officers Association of Australia and of Canberra Legacy.
References
1956 births
Military personnel from Victoria (Australia)
Australian military personnel of the Gulf War
Chiefs of Capability Development Group (Australia)
Graduates of the Royal Australian Naval College
Living people
Officers of the Order of Australia
Recipients of the Conspicuous Service Cross (Australia)
Royal Australian Navy admirals
Recipients of the Meritorious Unit Citation
Fellows of the Australian Institute of Company Directors
The Hot Springs Arlingtons were a professional Negro leagues baseball team based in Hot Springs, Arkansas from 1896 to 1904. The Hot Springs Arlingtons played as members of the Southern Negro League and hosted home games at Whittington Park. The team was known as the Hot Springs Blues in 1904.
Baseball Hall of Fame member Rube Foster played for the 1901 Hot Springs Arlingtons.
History
The Hot Springs Arlingtons began play in 1896 as a professional Negro team. The Arlingtons played at Whittington Park and drew white and black fans to their games. Their main competition was the Little Rock Quapaws.
The Hot Springs Arlingtons were so named due to being sponsored by Alfred Holden, who was the headwaiter of the Arlington Hotel in Hot Springs.
In 1897, the Hot Springs Arlingtons began play in a formation of a southern Negro league, which featured Hot Springs, the Little Rock Quapaws, Memphis Cliffords, Pensacola Acmes, Birmingham Unions and a Montgomery, Alabama team as league members. The Little Rock Quapaws were reported to have traveled to games in Hot Springs in a wagon. The 1897 Hot Springs Arlingtons played integrated exhibition games against the Little Rock Senators and the Hot Springs Bathers teams, both members of the Arkansas State League.
The Arlingtons continued play though 1903. The last documented games played by the Arlingtons were in May, 1903. In June, 1903 a streetcar boycott occurred when legislation requiring black Arkansans to sit in the back of public streetcars was implemented. As Whittington Park was located at the end of Hot Springs' streetcar line and Whittington Park was owned and operated by the Hot Springs streetcar company, the Arlingtons ceased play.
In 1904, the team became known as the Hot Springs Blues. The Blues played ten documented games in 1904.
The ballpark
The Hot Springs Arlingtons were noted to have played home games at Whittington Park. Whittington Park hosted numerous major league baseball teams for spring training, including the Pittsburgh Pirates, Cleveland Spiders, Brooklyn Superbas, Detroit Tigers, New York Highlanders and Chicago Colts. Today, as part of the "Hot Springs Baseball Trail" there are historical markers at the site of Whittington Park, as well as the Arlington Hotel. The Whittington Park home plate location is marked, with the current location being in the parking lot of the Weyerhaeuser offices. The address is 810 Whittington Avenue, Hot Springs National Park, Arkansas.
The namesake Arlington Hotel is still in use today and is located at 239 Central Avenue, Hot Springs, Arkansas.
Notable alumni
Source: Arkansas Baseball History
Baseball Hall of Fame alumni
Rube Foster (1901) Inducted, 1981
Notable alumni
Eugene Milliner (1900-1901)
Dave Wyatt (1897)
See also
Hot Springs Arlingtons players
List of minor Negro league baseball teams
References
External links
Arkansas Baseball History
Negro league baseball teams
Hot Springs, Arkansas
Baseball teams disestablished in 1903
Baseball teams established in 1896
Defunct baseball teams in Arkansas
Professional baseball teams in Arkansas
African-American history of Arkansas
The 42nd Expeditionary Airlift Squadron, sometimes written as 42d Expeditionary Airlift Squadron, is a provisional unit of the United States Air Force, assigned to United States Air Forces in Europe to activate or inactivate as needed. Originally constituted as the 42nd Transport Squadron in 1942 and redesignated the 42nd Troop Carrier Squadron the same year, it received its present designation in 2007. It was last active at Ramstein Air Base, Germany in 2009.
History
World War II
The squadron was first activated at Elmendorf Field, Alaska in May 1942. The 42d transported personnel and supplies to the Aleutian Islands until February 1944.
As combat operations diminished, the squadron departed Alaska with the air echelon leaving on 11 February 1944 and the ground echelon following a week later. The squadron was reunited at Lawson Field, Georgia on 6 March to serve as a Replacement Training Unit (RTU). RTUs were oversized units which trained aircrews prior to their deployment to combat theaters. The squadron also began to participate in exercises with the parachute school at Fort Benning.
However, the Army Air Forces found that standard military units, based on relatively inflexible tables of organization, were proving less well adapted to the training mission. Accordingly, it adopted a more functional system in which each base was organized into a separate numbered unit, while the groups and squadrons acting as RTUs were disbanded or inactivated. As a result, one month after the squadron arrived in Georgia, in April 1944, it was disbanded and its personnel and equipment were transferred to the 811th AAF Base Unit (Parachute Flight Training).
Special Operations
The squadron was reactivated as a "Special" troop carrier squadron at RAF Molesworth in fall 1956, when it absorbed the personnel, SA-16 and C-119F aircraft and special operations mission of the 582d Air Resupply Group. In the spring of 1957, as United States Air Forces in Europe (USAFE) was preparing to wind down operations at Molesworth, the squadron moved to RAF Alconbury, where it was inactivated in December. The squadron's Douglas C-54 Skymasters and Douglas C-47 Skytrains were sent to Rhein-Main Air Base West Germany, and its Fairchild C-119 Flying Boxcars were sent to the 322d Air Division at Evreux-Fauville Air Base France.
Provisional squadron
It was reformed as the 42d Expeditionary Airlift Squadron in 2007 and allotted to USAFE to activate as needed for operations. USAFE activated the squadron from 2008 to 2009 to fly missions in the United States Africa Command area.
Lineage
Constituted as the 42d Transport Squadron on 17 April 1942
Activated on 2 May 1942
Redesignated 42d Troop Carrier Squadron on 5 July 1942
Disbanded on 14 April 1944
Reconstituted on 6 February 1956 and redesignated 42d Troop Carrier Squadron, Medium (Special)
Activated on 25 October 1956
Inactivated on 8 December 1957
Redesignated 42d Expeditionary Airlift Squadron on 6 November 2007 and allotted to United States Air Forces in Europe to activate or inactivate as needed
Activated on 1 October 2008
Inactivated on 15 June 2009
Assignments
Eleventh Air Force: 2 May 1942 (attached to XI Air Force Service Command [Provisional]) after 21 June 1942)
XI Air Force Service Command: 8 August 1942 (attached to 11th Air Force Troop Carrier Group [Provisional]) after 1 July 1943)
60th Troop Carrier Wing: 6 March 1944 – 14 April 1944
Third Air Force: 25 October 1956 – 8 December 1957
404th Air Expeditionary Group: 1 October 2008 – 15 June 2009
Stations
Elmendorf Field, Alaska, 2 May 1942
Lawson Field, Georgia, 6 March 1944 – 14 April 1944
RAF Molesworth, England, 25 October 1956
RAF Alconbury, England, 31 May 1957 – 8 December 1957
Ramstein Air Base, Germany 1 October 2008 – 15 June 2009
Aircraft
Douglas C-47 Skytrain (1942–1944)
Douglas C-53 Skytrooper (1944)
Fairchild C-119 Flying Boxcar (1956–1957)
Douglas C-54 Skymaster (1956–1957)
Grumman SA-16 Albatross (1956–1957)
Lockheed C-130 Hercules (2008–2009)
See also
List of United States Air Force airlift squadrons
List of C-130 Hercules operators
References
Notes
Bibliography
Air expeditionary squadrons of the United States Air Force
042
Military units and formations of the United States in the Cold War
Mediacorp Channel 5's television series Tanglin is a long-form drama series produced by Mediacorp Studios from 2015 to 2018. It centres on the lives of multiracial and multi-generational families – the Tongs, Bhaskars, Rahmans and Lims - living in a middle income neighbourhood of Tanglin; their lives reflect the joys, trials and tribulations of everyday Singaporeans.
The show began airing on Mediacorp Channel 5 on 30 June 2015 and ended on 28 September 2018, after 823 episodes. The last episode is a TV special.
This is a list of episodes 1–508. See here for the list of episodes 509–824.
Episodes
Episodes 1–262
Episodes 263–508
References
Lists of Singaporean television series episodes
The shining sunbird (Cinnyris habessinicus) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae.
Subspecies
Cinnyris habessinicus habessinicus (Hemprich and Ehrenberg)
Cinnyris habessinicus turkanae van Someren
Cinnyris habessinicus alter Neumann
Description
Cinnyris habessinicus are highly dimorphic and have three distinct plumages, juvenal, immature and adult. Adult males in breeding plumage have brilliant metallic green upperparts and throat, a violet or blue crown, a bright red band across the breast with a narrow line of metallic blue, and blue-black wings and tail. The female are mainly gray or brown. These small sunbirds mainly feed on nectar.
Distribution
It is found in Djibouti, Egypt, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, Sudan, and Uganda.
Habitat
This species prefers rocky or sandy areas and dry river beds with Acacia and Ziziphus trees.
References
External links
Biolib
Bird Life
Ibc.lynxeds
shining sunbird
Birds of the Horn of Africa
shining sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Stephen B. King (born July 4, 1941) is an American business person and political activist who served as the United States Ambassador to the Czech Republic from 2017 to 2021. A member of the Republican Party, they are the founder of King Capital LLC, an equity investment and real estate company. They previously worked at the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) as an agent and campaigned unsuccessfully in 1988 for their party's nomination for the U.S. Senate in Wisconsin.
Early life and education
King was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, and was raised in Chicago, Illinois. They received a Bachelor of Arts in social science in 1963 and a master's degree in political science in 1966 from Western Illinois University. They worked as a social science teacher in Rushville, Illinois, from 1963 to 1966 and then as Assistant to the Superintendent of Schools in the same school district until 1967.
Career
King joined the Federal Bureau of Investigation in 1967. They investigated civil rights violations in Jackson, Mississippi, followed by racially motivated crimes, homicide, arson, bombing and bank robbery. Three times they received special commendations for excellent performance.
In 1970, King resigned to serve as legislative assistant to Republican Senator Edward Gurney of Florida. As Gurney's representative, they served on the staff of the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations (PSI) of the U.S. Senate Committee on Government Operations, eventually becoming an investigator. In 1972, King was named Special Assistant to Earl Butz, the US Secretary of Agriculture.
In June 1972, at the time of the Watergate complex break-in, King was the security agent for the Committee for the Re-Election of the President assigned to abduct and hold Martha Mitchell, the wife of then United States Attorney General John N. Mitchell, in a hotel room in California, to prevent them from learning about the break-in. Mitchell contended that they had been held in their room against their will by King, during which time they used physical force to prevent them from speaking to the press and restrained them while they were injected with a sedative. The plot to hold Mrs. Mitchell was later confirmed by James McCord, one of the Watergate burglars. King has not denied their involvement in Mrs. Mitchell's confinement, but disputes parts of their story. Sean Bartlett, a spokesperson for the Democrats on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said King was asked about the incident involving Mitchell as part of their United States Senate confirmation process to be the next United States Ambassador to the Czech Republic. "After questioning him, and measuring their other qualifications and responses to questions on a range of issues, staff did not believe there was evidence or reason to delay their nomination," Bartlett said. King's appointment was approved by the Senate without objection in a voice vote.
In 1976, King became director of development at their alma mater, Western Illinois University. A year later they started their career as a business person. They moved to Whitewater, Wisconsin, to serve as general manager of the woodworking firm Carlson's Miniatures. In 1979, they became a part owner and manager of Tomah Products, a chemical manufacturer. In 1994, King led a management buy-out of Tomah. Since then, they have served as president and CEO of Tomah Products, Inc.
They served as a delegate to Wisconsin Republican state conventions and the first congressional district Republican caucus from 1978. King was elected chairperson of the Republican Party of Wisconsin in 1985. In 1988, King resigned in order to launch a campaign for the U.S. Senate. They lost the Republican nomination to Susan Engeleiter, who was defeated by Democrat Herb Kohl in the general election.
From 1990 to 2006, King served as president at the Milton Industrial and Economic Corporation. In 2006, King founded King Capital LLC, an equity investment and real estate company. In 2007, King was elected to represent Wisconsin on the Republican National Committee, and they served until 2017.
Ambassador to the Czech Republic
In July 2017, President Donald Trump nominated King to be the next United States Ambassador to the Czech Republic. This nomination was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on October 5, 2017.
Personal life
 They are married to Karen. They have three children. Active in the Boy Scouts of America their entire life, Mr. King is the recipient of the Silver Buffalo Award, BSA's highest volunteer award for work at the national level.
References
1941 births
Living people
Wisconsin Republicans
People from Chicago
People from Indianapolis
People from Janesville, Wisconsin
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
Western Illinois University alumni
Federal Bureau of Investigation agents
Trump administration personnel
Ambassadors of the United States to the Czech Republic
American expatriates in the Czech Republic
United States congressional aides
21st-century American diplomats
As a measuring instrument, HoloVID is a tool originally developed by Mark Slater for the holographic dimensional measurement of the internal isogrid structural webbing of the Delta family of launch vehicles in 1981.
History
Delta launch vehicles were produced by McDonnell Douglas Astronautics until the line was purchased by Boeing. Milled out of T6 Aluminum on horizontal mills, the inspection of the huge sheets took longer than the original manufacturing. It was estimated that a real time in situ inspection device could cut costs so an Independent Research and Development (IRAD) budget was generated to solve the problem. Two solutions were worked simultaneously by Mark Slater: a photo-optical technique utilizing a holographic lens and an ultrasonic technique utilizing configurable micro-transducer multiplexed arrays.
A pair of HoloVIDs for simultaneous frontside and backside weld feedback was later used at Martin Marietta to inspect the long weld seams which hold the External Tanks of the Space Shuttle together. By controlling the weld bead profile in real time as it was TIG generated, an optimum weight vs. performance ratio could be obtained, saving the rocket engines from having to waste thrust energy while guaranteeing the highest possible web strengths.
Usage
Many corporations (Kodak, Immunex, Boeing, Johnson & Johnson, The Aerospace Corporation, Silverline Helicopters, and others) use customized versions of the Six Dimensional Non-Contact Reader w/ Integrated Holographic Optical Processing for applications from supercomputer surface mount pad assessment to genetic biochemical assay analysis.
Specifications
HoloVID belongs to a class of sensor known as a structured-light 3D scanner device. The use of structured light to extract three-dimensional shape information is a well known technique. The use of single planes of light to measure the distance and orientation of objects has been reported several times.
The use of multiple planes and multiple points of light to measure shapes and construct volumetric estimates of objects has also been widely reported.
The use of segmented phase holograms to selectively deflect portions of an image wavefront is unusual. The holographic optical components used in this device split tessellated segments of a returning wave front in programmable bulk areas and shaped patches to achieve a unique capability, increasing both the size of an object which can be read and the z-axis depth per point which is measurable, while also increasing the simultaneous operations possible, which is a significant advance in the previous state of art.
Operational modes
A laser beam is made to impinge onto a target surface. The angle of the initially nonlinear optical field can be non-orthogonal to the surface. This light beam is then reflected by the surface in a wide conical spread function which is geometrically related to the incidence angle, light frequency, wavelength and relative surface roughness. A portion of this reflected light enters the optical system coaxially, where a 'stop' shadows the edges. In a single point reader, this edge is viewed along a radius by a photodiode array.
The output of this device is a boxcar output where the photodiodes are sequentially lit diode-by-diode as the object distance changes in relation to the sensor, until either no diodes are lit or all diodes are lit. The residual product charge dynamic value in each light diode cell is a function of the bias current, the dark current and the incident ionizing radiation (in this case, the returning laser light).
In the multipoint system, the HoloVID, the cursor point is acousto-optically scanned in the x-axis across a monaxial transformer. A monaxial holographic lens collects the wave front and reconstructs the pattern onto the single dimensional photodiode array and a two dimensional matrix sensor. Image processing of the sensor data derives the correlation between the compressed wave front and the actual physical object.
References
Dimensional instruments
Holography
Optical devices
The Panhandle Trail is a rail trail in southern Pennsylvania and the Northern Panhandle of West Virginia. It occupies an abandoned railroad corridor that had been known as the Panhandle route which has been converted to a bicycle and walking trail. The rail line between Burgettstown and Weirton was closed in 1994, but Burgettstown to Walkers Mill closed in 1996. The original section of the trail is the West Virginia section, where the trail was called the Harmon Creek Trail, for the adjacent Harmon Creek. When Pennsylvania built its section, both states agreed to call it the Panhandle Trail. Although the Panhandle Trail occupies 29 miles of the Panhandle Route, the remaining portion of the route is owned by the Pittsburgh and Ohio Central Railroad, but it is no longer used.
History
The rail trail follows the same route as the former Panhandle Division of the Pennsylvania Railroad that connected Pittsburgh to St. Louis and gives the trail its name. It is part of the government funded “Rails to Trails” project. The first mile of the trail officially opened on October 29, 2000. About five months later on March 15, 2001 a group of volunteers was chosen to serve as the Panhandle Trail Association. Their purpose was to establish and manage the passage that would eventually link the Panhandle Trail to the larger Montour Trail. In January 2007 the connector was completed. Though the entire trail is accessible, the trail is paved from McDonald to the Pennsylvania/West Virginia state line. Because the trail is constantly under development there is no official completion date.
Organizations
The Collier Friends of the Panhandle Trail is an organization that manages a portion of the trail beginning at Walkers Mill. Another organization is the Montour Trail Council, who is in charge of a section in Allegheny County.
Location
The Panhandle Trail runs beginning at the Walkers Mill stations in Walker's Mill, Pennsylvania and ending in an area near Weirton, West Virginia. It passes many towns beginning in Harmon Creek and including Colliers, Hanlin, Dinsmore, Burgetstown, Joffre, Bulger, Midway, McDonald, Sturgeon, Noblestown, Oakdale, Rennerdale, and finally Walkers Mill. At the mark near McDonald, a one-mile connector links the Panhandle to the larger Montour trail.
Activities
The relatively flat trail is covered with crushed limestone, while much of the trail in Washington county is paved. This makes the trail suitable for walking, running, biking, horseback riding, and cross country skiing; however, motorized vehicles are prohibited. The Collier Friends of the Panhandle Trail host special events such as the annual Night Walk in October and "Rock the Quarry" which is a two-day festival in the fall that includes music, food, and games.
Stations and amenities
There are stations and special areas that serve as access points and provide parking places and also features like permanent restrooms, portable restrooms, shelter houses, picnic tables, vending machines, water fountains, maps, bike racks, and bulletin boards that provide event notifications and maps. In between these areas, many benches as well as a few portable restrooms and picnic tables have been placed along the trail. Nearly every mile has at least four benches (one at every quarter mile) and some have even more. The access points are located at the following places:
Walkers Mill Station - Found in Walkers Mill, Pennsylvania this station is the beginning of the trail and provides parking, a picnic shelter, benches, a water fountain, a bulletin board and a portable restroom.
Rennerdale Station - About into the trail in Rennerdale, Pennsylvania the station has parking, a picnic shelter and a bulletin board.
Gregg Station - Located at the mark in Oakdale, Pennsylvania the station also has parking, a picnic shelter, portables restrooms, and a bulletin board.
Settler's Cabin Park connector - This partially complete (in 2015) trail connects to the nearby Settler's Cabin Park.
Oakdale Station - Also in Oakdale at mile 3.75, the station offers parking, picnic tables, a bike rack and a water fountain.
Sturgeon - At the mark in Sturgeon, Pennsylvania there is an area with available parking, permanent restrooms, vending machines, a shelter house and a bulletin board.
McDonald Trail Station - This station in McDonald, Pennsylvania at mile 7.25 is special because it is near the intersection of the Montour and Panhandle trails. The station offers parking, restrooms, an information center, trails maps, vending machines, a large map of the trail and McDonald and picnic tables.
Village of Primrose - Located at mile 8.75 in Primrose, Pennsylvania there is an area with a parking lot, portable restroom, bulletin board and trail map.
Midway - Around mile ten in Midway, Pennsylvania there is a parking area and bulletin board.
Bulger - At mile 13.5, a small village with a veterans memorial.
Burgettstown - Trail Station, restrooms, Gift Shop, Walden's Restaurant
Dinsmore Road - In Burgettstown, Pennsylvania where Dinsmore Road crosses the trail around the 19th mile, parking is available as well as a bulletin board.
Colliers West Virginia - At mile 22.25 in Colliers, West Virginia parking, benches, a picnic table and a bulletin board are available.
Harmon Creek - The final access point is at the mark in Harmon Creek, West Virginia where there is a parking lot, some benches, a picnic table a bulletin board.
See also
Collier Township, Pennsylvania
Hancock County, West Virginia
Ohio River Trail
List of rail trails
References
External links
RailsToTrails.us Panhandle Trail page
Trail Link
Protected areas of Brooke County, West Virginia
Rail trails in Pennsylvania
Rail trails in West Virginia
Conrail
Protected areas of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
Protected areas of Washington County, Pennsylvania
The Exil-CDU (Christian Democratic Union in Exile) was from 1950 to 1990 a national federation of the CDU. It represented CDU members who had escaped or expelled from the Soviet occupation zone or GDR.
Background
From the outset, the work of the democratic parties in the Soviet occupation zone was severely hampered. Already 1945, the elected chairperson of the East CDU Andreas Hermes was deposed by the occupation authorities. The attempts of the last freely elected chairperson of the East CDU Jakob Kaiser, for the party political freedoms to preserve were however not successful. With the dismissal of the democratically elected party chair on 20 December 1947, the CDU's ability to determine its own positions ended. Earlier, Kaiser had a look at the Second Congress of the CDU in Berlin on September 6, 1947, in which Kaiser demanded that the CDU must be a "wavebreaker of dogmatic Marxism and its totalitarian tendencies."
Foundation of the Exil-CDU
Since free party work in the Soviet Zone was no longer possible after the CDU had been joined, the Exil-CDU was formed. Alone of the 14 of the members of the SBZ-CDU's Democratic Party, democratically elected at the last free party conference on September 7, 1947, had gone ten to the West. These invited the delegates of the Second Congress of 1947 to the First Congress of the Exil-CDU on 24 and 25 September 1950 in West Berlin. Over 200 emigrated Christian Democrats from the GDR participated. Kaiser and Lemmer were confirmed in their board offices.
Since, after 20 December 1947, the statutory free elections in the East were no longer possible, the CDU regarded the last freely elected executive committee as a legitimate representative of the Party in the East.
Organisation and work
The Exil-CDU was treated as a national association by the federal party. It had eight representatives from the Federal Party Committee and delegates from the federal parliaments.
The operational work of the Exil-CDU was carried out by the East Bureau of the CDU. The General Secretariat of the Exil-CDU was formed.
It divided into 5 regional groups for the 5 länder of the GDR. Every 2 years, a congress of the Exil-CDU was held.
The number of members, which was nearly 90,000 in the early 1950s, steadily declined due to the fact that no new members were able to join, and ended with 6,000 members. The Exil-CDU held informal contacts with the Christian Democrats in the GDR (which was punishable as an illegal contact in the GDR). However, there were no official contacts with the East CDU.
The Exil-CDU existed until reunification.
Chairmen
Jakob Kaiser (1950-1961)
Ernst Lemmer (1961-1970)
Johann Baptist Gradl (1970-1987)
Siegfried Lübel (1987-1990)
Literature
Hans-Otto Kleinmann: Geschichte der CDU 1945–1982, Stuttgart 1993, ; Pages 235–237, Page 480
Links
Exil-CDU On the website of the Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung
Christian Democratic Union of Germany
Politics of East Germany
State sections of political parties in Germany
Exile
Political parties established in 1950
1990 disestablishments in Germany
Wilbur B. Foshay (1881–1957) was an American business person, who built a fortune buying utilities throughout the Midwest in the early 20th century. Foshay had built up three different utility company empires; selling each one in turn to fund the acquisition phase of the next. Their second empire included three utility companies that served the Crookston, Bemidji, and Hallock areas in northern Minnesota (all are today served by Otter Tail Power Company). As they worked on their third and largest utility empire, Foshay built the Foshay Tower in Minneapolis, Minnesota, which opened in August 1929. In 1932 they were convicted of conducting a "pyramid scheme" with shares of their own stock. They were sentenced to 15 years in prison. President Franklin Roosevelt commuted 10 years from Foshay's sentence, but Foshay only actually served three years in Leavenworth because of "good behavior." President Harry Truman granted Foshay a full and unconditional pardon in 1947. The remnants of this third company became the basis for Citizens Utilities.
Foshay's trial
Foshay's trial was a public spectacle at the time. Journalists, investors, and the general public all wanted to know how Foshay had misled them. At one point during the trial, Foshay claimed they were colorblind to explain peculiar marks in their accounting books—"in the red" and "in the black" were marked by symbols rather than ink color, when really these marks represented which entries were artificially inflated. The trial lasted six weeks. The jury deliberated, but could not reach a consensus. All the male jurors voted for conviction, but Mrs. Genevieve Clark stubbornly held out. A mistrial was declared.
It was later discovered that Genevieve Clark had worked for the Foshay Company at one time, and that their husband knew Foshay personally through doing business with him. Clark was charged with contempt of court. A Supreme Court appeal failed. They were sentenced to six months in prison. Clark was publicly humiliated for their actions as a juror in the case. To avoid surrendering to authorities, they and their family disappeared. Clark, their husband and two young boys were found dead from intentional carbon monoxide poisoning.
A second trial was held, and Foshay was convicted and sentenced to 15 years in prison.
References
External links
Wilbur Foshay in MNopedia, the Minnesota Encyclopedia
Businesspeople from Minneapolis
1881 births
1957 deaths
American fraudsters
American white-collar criminals
American businesspeople convicted of crimes
20th-century American businesspeople
Salvatore Vincent Maroni is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with Batman. The character is portrayed as an infamous gangster of Italian descent in Gotham City and an enemy of Batman. Maroni is most famous for disfiguring Harvey Dent, setting the stage for the young district attorney's transformation into the supervillain Two-Face.
In live-action, Maroni has been portrayed in film by Dennis Paladino in Batman Forever (1995) and Eric Roberts in The Dark Knight (2008), while on television they have been portrayed by David Zayas in the series Gotham (2014).
Publication history
Sal Maroni first appeared in Detective Comics #66 and was created by Bill Finger and Bob Kane.
Fictional character biography
Pre-Crisis/Earth-Two
Maroni's first Pre-Crisis appearance was in Detective Comics #66 (August 1942) as Boss Moroni, a mobster on trial for the murder of a man named "Bookie" Benson. Harvey Dent (here named "Harvey Kent") is the prosecutor at the trial. They call Batman as their first witness. During Batman's testimony, Moroni calls Batman a liar, leading Dent to show their proof: Moroni's lucky two-headed silver dollar found at the scene with their fingerprints on it. Enraged, Moroni throws a vial of acid at Dent, horribly disfiguring their face. Driven insane by their disfigurement, Dent becomes the gangster Two-Face and eventually kills Maroni before surrendering and going to prison.
Bronze Age/Earth-One
During Bronze Age recountings of Two-Face's origin, Maroni's role was unchanged, but their name was changed to Morelli. Harvey Kent's surname was altered to Dent, which has become that character's permanent name. In this version, Batman is present at the trial and tries to prevent the mobster from throwing the acid, but is unable to prevent Dent from being disfigured.
Prior to Crisis on Infinite Earths, Maroni appeared in DC Superstars #14 and Batman #328 to #329. They survive an assassination attempt by Two-Face in the first story, but their legs are left paralyzed. In the latter story arc, they undergo plastic surgery to alter their appearance and changes their name to Anton Karoselle to avoid attention. They then exacts revenge on Two-Face by killing their former wife Gilda's new husband Dave Stevens allowing the gangster to find them and gun them down in retaliation.
Post-Crisis
In the graphic novel Batman and the Monster Men, Maroni lends money to Norman Madison (father of Bruce Wayne's girlfriend Julie Madison) to cover their debts, and to Professor Hugo Strange for their genetic experiments. After Maroni puts pressure on Strange to repay their loan, the mad scientist responds by robbing one of their illegal gambling establishments to steal the money they need to pay Maroni off. When Maroni realizes Strange might be responsible for the robbery, they send enforcers to intimidate and threaten him. Strange decides to get rid of Maroni once and for all, and sends another creature to kill him. Maroni is saved by Batman, who as a favor to Julie Madison, forces them to call off their father's debt.
In the sequel, Batman and the Mad Monk, Norman tries to pay off their debt to Maroni, unaware of Batman's intervention on their behalf; Maroni refuses to take the money, terrified that Batman would visit them again. Norman instead gives the money to rival mobster Carmine Falcone, which humiliates Maroni. Later, near the end of the story, Norman tries to kill Maroni only to be gunned down by their men.
Maroni is featured prominently in Jeph Loeb's maxi-series Batman: The Long Halloween, which retells Two-Face's origin. In this version, Salvatore Maroni is the scion of the Maroni crime family, headed by their father Luigi "Big Lou" Maroni.  They are the most powerful mobster in Gotham next to Carmine Falcone and was shown to have notorious enforcer Tony Zucco as one of their henchmen. Both Sal Maroni and Carmine Falcone believe that the serial killer Holiday (so named for assassinating mobsters on holidays) is working for the other, which strains their previously ironclad business relationship. When their father is killed by Holiday, Maroni makes a deal with Dent to reveal all of Falcone's criminal activities in exchange for leniency.
However, Falcone's daughter Sofia — Maroni's secret lover — visits them in jail, where they falsely claim Dent, not Falcone, is responsible for the killings and their father's death. Dent's corrupt assistant Vernon Fields provides Maroni prior to their court appearance with "stomach medicine" for a supposed ulcer. During the trial, Maroni throws the disguised acid into Dent's face, disfiguring him. Maroni then gets into a scuffle with a bailiff who shoots them twice in the chest, which they survive.
When they are moved out of their cell, Maroni is finally killed by Holiday. The killer is revealed to be Alberto Falcone, who committed the murders to make a name for themselves independent of their family. Maroni's sons Pino and Umberto later offer their services to Sofia Falcone and are later killed in the Columbus Day Massacre orchestrated by Two-Face.
The New 52
In 2011, "The New 52" rebooted the DC universe. Sal Maroni met with Mr. Haly at Haly's Circus. When it was mentioned that their son CJ helped Dick Grayson return to Haly's Circus, Maroni stated that they would be indebted to the circus should they ever need help.
Other versions
Elseworlds
Sal Maroni appears in the Elseworlds story "Citizen Wayne" which was published in 1994. Set in the 1930s, the story depicts Maroni as an Al Capone-like crime lord who is heavily involved in bootlegging, and who lures the cops trying to investigate them into a trap when they are led to believe that they can get them for tax evasion (Capone was eventually jailed for tax fraud). In this version, Maroni scars Harvey Dent's entire face with acid in an attempt to kill him. This leads Dent to assume the Batman mantle and break up Maroni's operations before finally killing them in revenge. Bruce Wayne is a newspaper publisher and fierce critic of Batman who, following Maroni's death, decides to take down the Caped Crusader personally; they feel that Batman has overstepped the mark by committing murder. The pair is killed during the fight and, much like Citizen Kane, their story is told in flashbacks as a young Assistant District Attorney interviews their friends and acquaintances, including Maroni's surviving henchmen.
Batman '66
In Batman '66, Maroni snapped during a trial conducted by Harvey Dent and threw acid in Dent's face, causing the DA's transformation into Two-Face.
In other media
Television
Salvatore Maroni appears in the Fox series Gotham, portrayed by David Zayas. During the first season, they are a mob boss who is in conflict with Carmine Falcone. They also employ Oswald Cobblepot, unaware of them being an informant for Falcone. In the season one finale "All Happy Families Are Alike", they are killed by Fish Mooney.
The Maroni family appears in Titans episode "Jason Todd". They are responsible for the death of Tony Zucco's family, which led to Tony's son Nick blaming Dick Grayson for their deaths.
Film
In Batman Forever, the character is referred to as "Boss Moroni" (portrayed by Dennis Paladino) and appears in a brief television news segment explaining the origin of Two-Face. Maroni throws acid in district attorney Harvey Dent's face despite Batman's intervention, as in the comics.
Sal Maroni appears in two segments of Batman: Gotham Knight, voiced by Rob Paulsen. In the stories "Crossfire" and "Field Test", he's at war with Gotham's Russian mob.
Eric Roberts portrays Sal Maroni in The Dark Knight. In the film, Maroni has taken over as the boss of Carmine Falcone's crime family following their fall from power.  They are presumably killed by Harvey Dent in a car accident as revenge against the mob.
Sal Maroni appears in Batman: The Killing Joke, voiced by Rick D. Wasserman.
Sal Maroni appears in Batman: The Long Halloween, voiced by Jim Pirri.
Sal Maroni is briefly seen on a television screen in The Batman, portrayed by an uncredited extra. Maroni is mentioned as having been arrested in the largest drug bust in GCPD history, although events in the film reveal that they were set up by Carmine Falcone and corrupt city officials.
References
External links
Sal Maroni at DC Wiki
Sal Maroni at Comic Vine
Sal Maroni at Gotham Wiki
Comics characters introduced in 1942
Fictional gangsters
DC Comics film characters
DC Comics television characters
Characters created by Bob Kane
Characters created by Bill Finger
Fictional crime bosses
Fictional Italian American people
Male film villains
Male characters in television
Action film villains
The Hinds River is a river in the Canterbury region of New Zealand. Its north and south branches drain the eastern flank of the Moorhouse Range, part of the Southern Alps, and their confluence is near Anama and Mayfield. The river then flows across the Canterbury Plains towards the Pacific Ocean, passing through the small town of Hinds along the way. In Hinds, State Highway 1 and the Main South Line railway cross the river. The river's mouth is located between the localities of Longbeach and Lowcliffe.
In its upper reaches, the southern arm flows near the Rangitata River and the northern arm flows near the Ashburton River / Hakatere.
The river was named after the Reverend Samuel Hinds, a member of the Canterbury Association that organised the settlement of Canterbury. Hinds are considered an expert in colonisation.
Its Maori name is Hekeao.
References
Rivers of Canterbury, New Zealand
Rivers of New Zealand
Henry de Bolleghe (also Thomas and de Bolley) was Archdeacon of Totnes during 1275.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
13th-century English people
13th-century English clergy
Antun Korlević (June 13, 1851 – January 28, 1915) was a Croatian entomologist, educator, and writer.
Korlević was born in Sveti Ivan od Šterne and was educated at the University of Vienna in 1872 after which they taught at schools across Croatia. They were a friend of Ludwig Ganglbauer (1856-1912) and was the first professor of entomology at the Forest academy in Agram and dealt especially with the Hymenopteran fauna of the region. They also wrote popular articles on zoology. They died in Zagreb.
References
Croatian entomologists
1851 births
1915 deaths
Benedikt Brydern started as a musical protege on the violin giving their first public concerts at the age of 10. They live in Los Angeles now and composes for film and the concert hall. They have won numerous awards and competitions. They studied with film composers David Raksin, Bruce Broughton, Christopher Young and Elmer Bernstein at the University of California Thornton School of Music in Los Angeles.Immediately after graduation they composed music for Jon Voight's Showtime film The Tin Soldier.
Composer credits:
Echoes of Fear (2019 film)
Sacrifice (2016 film)
Stag Night
The Pagan Queen
Standing Ovation
Dark Remains
The Wild and Wonderful Whites of West Virginia
Jaded
Performer credits :
Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles (soundtrack)
Midwinter Graces
Yanni Voices
The Dream Concert: Live from the Great Pyramids of Egypt
Live at El Morro, Puerto Rico
References
Sources
Citations
External links
Living people
German violinists
German composers
1966 births
21st-century violinists
American film score composers
American television composers
American male film score composers
Male television composers
21st-century American male musicians
Madhabdi () is a pourashava (municipal corporation) in Narsingdi District, Dhaka division, Bangladesh. It's an A grade municipality and also Madhabdi has declared as a thana on 29 February 2016. Madhabdi is a densely textile commercial and industrial area, where a number of automatic and hand-made loom weaving and manufacturing mills (about 3000/4500) are situated. There are about 45,000 people employed directly and indirectly in these mills. It's also one of the richest area in Narsingdi District.
History
In 1971 a column of Pakistan army with two trucks were ambushed here by Mukti Bahini.
References
External links
Populated places in Narsingdi District
The women's high jump at the 1974 European Athletics Championships was held in Rome, Italy, at Stadio Olimpico on 6 and 8 September 1974.
Medalists
Results
Final
8 September
Qualification
6 September
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 20 athletes from 13 countries participated in the event.
(1)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(3)
(2)
References
High jump
High jump at the European Athletics Championships
1974 in women's athletics
Durrett Town is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
is a unit of the Japan Air Self-Defense Force based at Iruma Air Base in Saitama Prefecture north of Tokyo. Under the authority of Air Support Command, it operates YS-11FC and U-125 aircraft. Prior to the U-125 the unit operated Mitsubishi MU-2 aircraft.
On April 6 2016 a U-125 aircraft operated by the unit crashed near Kanoya Air Base of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force in Kagoshima Prefecture, with all six crew members being killed. It had been checking the base's air navigation aid system.
In 2021 the YS-11FCs and the lost U-125 will be replaced with three Cessna Citation Latitude 680A aircraft.
Gallery
References
External links
Unit homepage
Units of the Japan Air Self-Defense Force
The Murcia tram is a tram/light rail system operational in the Spanish city of Murcia. The system opened in 2011 and links the city centre with the northern suburbs.
Background
In April 2007 a demonstration line was opened, built by the Tranvimur joint venture of Acciona and Grupo Cívica, along Avenida Juan Carlos I. The trail was deemed successful in August 2008 and the rest of the system was built after a tendering process, which awarded a contract to Sociedad Concesionaria Tranvía de Murcia, a consortium of the companies COMSA EMTE Concesiones and FCC. The contract provided for the construction of the current system and operation of the system for a duration of 40 years at a price of 264 million Euros. The current system opened in 2011.
Line 1
Line 1 is the principle line of the system and includes 24 of the system's 28 stations. The line starts in the north-west of the city with a three kilometer single direction loop around the campus of the University of Murcia and goes down Avenida Jan Carlos I towards the city centre where it goes through the Plaza Circular. The tram then travels northward along Avenida Don Juan de Borbón, before branching off toward the Estadio Nueva Condomina, where it terminates. The line totals 14.5 kilometers.
Line 1B
Line 1B is a three kilometer branch line which connects with line 1 at the Los Rectores-Tierra Natura station. The line travels have five stops and terminates at UCAM-Los Jerónimos station adjacent to the Universidad Católica San Antonio de Murcia.
Rolling Stock
The system uses a total of 11 Alstom Citadis 302 units. The units were originally purchased by Madrid for use in the Metro Ligero system. Two of the units were used during the pilot line, and the remaining nine were acquired by the construction consortium. The maintenance yard and depot is located directly adjacent to the La Ladera station.
Network Map
References
Tram transport in Spain
Light rail in Spain
Murcia
Railway lines opened in 2011
2011 establishments in Spain
Ricardo is an unincorporated community in Kern County, California.
It is located in Red Rock Canyon north-northwest of Cantil, at an elevation of . It was on the old California State Route 14 before 1970s realignment. The Red Rock Canyon State Park headquarters are near its site.
A post office operated at Ricardo from 1898 to 1907, from 1908 to 1912, and from 1913 to 1917. The town was named by Rudolf Hagen for their son, Richard Hagen.
See also
Red Rock Canyon State Park (California)
References
Populated places in the Mojave Desert
Unincorporated communities in Kern County, California
Unincorporated communities in California
Pasir Ris MRT station is an elevated Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the East West line (EWL) in Pasir Ris, Singapore. Situated along Pasir Ris Central adjacent to Pasir Ris Bus Interchange and the White Sands Shopping Mall, it is the eastern terminus of the EWL and, as of June 2021, the only MRT station within Pasir Ris. The station exterior has the characteristic dome-shaped segmented roof also seen on other elevated EWL stations.
The station opened on 16 December 1989 as the terminus of the MRT's eastern line extension. In 2016, two maintenance workers were killed on the tracks away from the station. In January 2019, it was announced that the station would become an interchange, with the opening of the Cross Island line (CRL) by 2030. The station is also planned to be the terminus for the future CRL branch extension to Punggol station in 2032, as announced in March 2020.
History
The station was constructed as the terminus of an extension of the East West MRT line from Tanah Merah station, which in turn was part of Phase 2A of the MRT system. The contract for the construction of the stations from Changi Depot to Pasir Ris and of tracks was awarded to Sato Kogyo Pte Ltd at a contract sum of S$91.89 million (US$ million) in March 1986. The contract also included the construction of the Tampines and Simei stations.
The station opened on 16 December 1989 as the eastern terminus of the EWL as announced by then-deputy prime minister Goh Chok Tong on 4 November that year. The opening ceremony, officiated by then-Minister of State Mah Bow Tan, included an MRT ride for Mah and four other Members of Parliament from Simei to this station. The station opening was generally well received by residents in Tampines and Pasir Ris, who were hoping for quicker rides to their workplaces in the city via the MRT.
EWL station upgrades
Like the other elevated MRT stations, Pasir Ris station did not initially have platform screen doors installed. On 25 January 2008, the Land Transport Authority (LTA) announced the installation half-height platform screen doors on elevated stations to improve safety on elevated stations. The installation began at Pasir Ris station in August 2009 and the doors began operations later in November. High-volume low-speed fans were installed above the platforms of the station between 2012 and 2013 as part of a national programme to improve ventaliation at station platforms.
On 29 June 2018, the Land Transport Authority (LTA) announced that the EWL overrun viaducts would be extended by . A new crossover, in conjunction with the implementation of communications-based train control (CBTC), will allow faster turnarounds for trains and segregation of platforms at the terminus. The station's operations will be unaffected by the works as the enhancement works will be done away from the station itself. In March 2019, the contract for the construction of new overrun and crossover tracks was awarded to China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation Branch Office Singapore / Gates PCM Construction Ltd (JV). The S$56.7 million (US$ million) contract included the partial removal of existing overrun tracks. Construction commenced in 2019 and will be completed in 2023.
Cross Island Line
On 17 January 2013, transport minister Lui Tuck Yew announced that the proposed Cross Island line (CRL) will serve the Pasir Ris area. On 25 January 2019, the LTA confirmed that Pasir Ris station will be an interchange with the CRL. The CRL station will be constructed as part of Phase 1, consisting of 12 stations between Aviation Park and Bright Hill, and was expected to be completed in 2029. On 10 March 2020, it was announced that this station will serve as the eastern terminus for the CRL extension to Punggol station. The Punggol extension, consisting of four stations between this station and Punggol, was expected to be completed in 2031. However, the restrictions imposed on construction works due to the COVID-19 pandemic has led to delays and the dates was pushed by one year to 2030 and 2032 for CRL1 and CRLe respectively.
The contract for the design and construction of Pasir Ris CRL Station and associated tunnels was awarded to a joint venture between Daewoo Engineering & Construction Co Ltd and Dongah Geological Engineering Co Ltd Singapore Branch at S$980 million (US$ million) on 26 April 2021. Construction was scheduled to begin in the fourth quarter of 2021, with expected completion in 2030.
Incident
On 22 March 2016, two SMRT maintenance trainees were run over and killed by an incoming C151 train at around 11:10am. They were part of a team of 15 personnel tasked to investigate a possible signalling system fault, after a high voltage alarm set off. The incident took place at the track switch away from the station. This led to a 2.5-hour train service disruption from 11:10 am to 1:56 pm for train services between Pasir Ris and Tanah Merah, and had affected at least 10,000 commuters.
In light of the incident, train operator SMRT Trains laid off the train driver and the assistant engineer Lim Say Heng and has disciplined the staff for their role in the incident. The operator, the director of control operations and the engineer were charged for the incident. Upon investigation, it was revealed that safety protocols were not implemented that would have prevented the train from entering the worksite. The SMRT engineer Lim, who had been responsible for "[ensuring] a safe inspection", was sentenced to four weeks' jail on 4 March 2018 after pleading guilty to causing death by negligence. On 20 July 2018, the Land Transport Authority fined the operator S$1.9 million (US$ million) for the incident, in addition to the Bishan tunnel flooding.
Station details
Location
As the name suggests, the station serves the town of Pasir Ris. The station is adjacent to the White Sands Shopping Mall and the Pasir Ris Bus Interchange, and is close to prominent landmarks such as the Pasir Ris Town Park, Pasir Ris Sports and Recreation Centre, Pasir Ris Park and the retail development of Downtown East.
The station will serve a mixed-use commercial and residential development that will integrate with the bus interchange, a polyclinic and a town plaza. The site for the development has been awarded to Phoenix Residential Pte. Ltd. & Phoenix Commercial Pte. Ltd. at a contract sum of S$700 million (US$ million) in March 2019.
Services
As of June 2021, Pasir Ris is the eastern terminus of the EWL. The next station on the line is Tampines station. The official station code is EW1. The station operates between 5:28am and 11:23pm. Train frequencies range from 2 to 5 minutes depending on peak hours.
When the CRL Phase 1 and the Punggol extension is completed, the station will be between the Pasir Ris East and Tampines North stations on the mainline. The CRL will branch off from this station to Punggol station via Elias station, which is the next station on the branch.
Design
Like most EWL elevated stations on the eastern segment on the line (after Kallang station), Pasir Ris station has a prominent dome-shaped roof, segmented like a caterpillar, over the platform level. The design was intended by the MRT Corporation to give the stations on the EWL an "attractive look". The station has a pink colour scheme, reflected on the doors to the restricted areas and the ceiling trunking box at the platform level of the station.
References
External links
Pasir Ris to Changi Airport MRT station route
Pasir Ris
Railway stations opened in 1989
1989 establishments in Singapore
Mass Rapid Transit (Singapore) stations
Eugène Albert Puyou de Pouvourville (pen name: Matgioi; 7 August 1861 – 30 December 1939) was a French orientalist, mystic, poet, and translator.
Biography
They were born in Nancy into a military family, and took part in several expeditions in China serving in military and administrative capacities. They were a follower of the Christian mystical system Martinism, and was consecrated bishop in the (French Gnostic Church) taking the name of Tau Simon. Their long periods of living in Tonkin and other provinces enabled them to understand Chinese thought. Under the influence of a Taoist master, they were initiated into a Chinese secret society, and adopted the name "Matgiol".
They eventually returned to France, and occupied themselves with the teaching of Taoism. They presented Taoist doctrines in their works, especially La Voie Métaphysique and La Voie Rationale, emphasizing both the principles and the applications of the system. They also wrote several book on China and the French colonies in Asia.
They died in Paris.
Works
Le Tao de Laotseu, translated from Chinese by Matgioi, Librairie de l'Art indépendant, 1894, 48 pp. (rééd. Hachette/BnF, 2012
Le Te de Laotseu, translated from Chinese by Matgioi, Librairie de l'Art indépendant, 1894, 63 pp. (rééd. Hachette /Bibliothèque nationale de France, 2013
L'esprit des races jaunes. « Le Traité des Influences errantes » de Quangdzu, translated from Chinese by Matgioi, Paris, Bibliothèque de la Haute Science, 1896, 51 pp.
L'Empire du Milieu, Schlercher frère, 1900
Rimes chinoises, Lemerre, 1904
La Voie Métaphysique, Paris, Société d'Éditions Contemporaines : Bibliothèque de La Voie, 1905, 168 pp. (Rééd. Les Éditions Traditionnelles, 1956, 1991).
La Voie Rationnelle, Paris, Société d'Éditions Contemporaines : Bibliothèque de la Voie, 1907, 269 pp. (Rééd. Les Éditions Traditionnelles, 2003).
La Chine des Lettrés, Librairie Hermétique (Bibliothèque de la Voie), 1910, 160 pp.
Les Enseignements Secrets de la Gnose - T Simon (Albert de Pouvourville) T Théophane (Léon Champrenaud), Éditions Arche, Milan 1999
Le Livre de l'opium, sous le pseudonyme de Nguyen Te Duc, réédition Guy Tredaniel, Paris 2002
Le Cinquième Bonheur, Éd. Kailash, 2004
L'Art indo-chinois, Librairie-Imprimeries Réunies Ancienne Maison Quantin, 1894. Coll. Bibliothèque de l'enseignement des Beaux-Arts
Francis Garnier, Plon, 1931
La Voie - revue mensuelle de haute science - articles à partir du n°1 du 15 avril 1904
Bibliography
Jean-Pierre Laurant, Matgioi, un aventurier taoïste, Éditions Dervy, 1982
Patrick Laude, Exotisme indochinois et poésie : étude sur l'œuvre poétique d'Alfred Droin, Jeanne Leuba et Albert de Pouvourville, Sudestasie, 1990
Divers textes d'Albert de Pouvourville ont été lus dans le film de Jacques Perrin, L'Empire du milieu du sud (2010).
External links
Extrait du chapitre IV de La Voie métaphysique
Biographie et liste des œuvres d'Albert de Pouvourville sur le site des Lettres du Mékong
1861 births
1939 deaths
French male poets
French male non-fiction writers
French Christian mystics
French orientalists
French translators
Kostaikha () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 43 as of 2002.
Geography
Kostaikha is located 38 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Naumovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The Higher Education Quality Improvement Program (MECESUP) in Chile is part of the efforts of the Government of Chile to support the transition from its current economy to one based on knowledge, increasing the equity and the effectiveness of its tertiary education system.
The objectives of the Program are to provide the necessary competencies and skills to improve the quality of the educational institutions and of the system of higher education, increasing its international competitiveness, sustaining social and economic development, and ensuring that no talent is lost because of differences in learning opportunities.
Specifically, the Program MECESUP - belonging to the Division of Higher Education at the Ministry of Education in Chile - provides incremental financing to projects and plans to improve institutional quality awarded by competitive means through the Academic Innovation Fund (AIF) or negotiated through Performance Agreements(PBA). Since its inception in 1999 and until April 2013, the Program MECESUP has been led by Dr. Ricardo Reich, chemical engineer, former professor and former Vice-President of Research of the Universidad de Concepción in Chile.
Since its initial implementation in 1999, MECESUP has counted with the sustained financial support of the State of Chile and the World Bank (Loans N°4404-CH, 7317-CH and 8126-CL), allocated 1,032 AIF projects (1999-2014), 4 pilot PBA (2007-2010), 6 PBA in the humanities, arts and social sciences (2010-2015) and 64 PBA in a scale-up that defined priority areas. Total resources allocated to the MECESUP Program during the period 1999-2015 were US$645 million. These resources were incremental to basal funding for the higher education institutions and amounted in average to 12% of the total. Additionally, US$155 million of State funding were allocated to implement PBA in science-based innovation and institutional development of regional institutions.
History
In 1998, the Government of Chile agreed with the World Bank (loan N°4404-CH) the design and implementation of an ambitious program to improve the quality of higher education, which was baptized with the acronym MECESUP. In full expansion of college tuition, the program funded actions of academic improvement and infrastructure in the 25 universities of the Council of Rectors of Chilean universities (CRUCH), contributing to a significant increase in equity in the access to quality of students throughout the country.
The program MECESUP considered initially a capacity-building component, the design and implementation of an experimental process of voluntary accreditation of institutions and programs, and the creation of a Competitive Fund, which replaced the old Institutional Development Fund (with historical allocation). The committed investment for 5 years was US$245 million, with an average annual budget of US$50 million.
Eligible expenses considered the development of academic staff at the Ph.D. level and advanced training; modernisation of libraries and generation of study areas for students; management of information and knowledge; integration of information and communication technologies to the teaching-learning processes; new laboratory equipment; modern classrooms and use of multimedia; as well as fellowships for doctoral programs and research.
First Phase (1999-2005)
In the first phase of the MECESUP Program (loan 4404-CH)), the general assumption was that the investment in infrastructure would improve the academic teaching and student learning, and therefore graduate employability. Some dimensions that were taken into account to allocate resources, were the impact of the services provided to students; consistency with the institutional development plans; availability of human resources to implement the projects awarded; and financial and operational sustainability, among others.
The Competitive Fund, after 6 continuous years of competition calls, supported the deployment of nearly 400 projects, with averages of investment per institutional improvement plan of US$550,000. 70% of the resources were devoted to the improvement of undergraduate education in regional institutions. 20% Of the total budget was invested in the empowerment and development of the national Ph.D. programs. A 10% was allocated to the modernization of the centers of technical training (CFT) to improve teaching and learning in technology areas of interest to the productive sector.
In spite of the many and obvious achievements, the Competitive Fund, as the only mechanism for allocating resources for academic quality improvement, showed some limitations. One of them was the difficulty in supporting the solution of complex problems of an institutional nature, such as strategic planning, management improvement, monitoring of the impact of goals and results, and the employability of its graduates.
Second Phase (2006-2011)
As a result of the lessons learned during the implementation of the MECESUP Program, the Government decided in 2005 to begin a second phase (MECESUP2), agreeing with the World Bank a new loan (N° 7317-CH), and complementing the Competitive Fund - now called Academic Innovation Fund (AIF) - with the experimental (pilot) implementation of 4 performance agreements in accredited State universities: Tarapacá (in Arica), Chile (in Santiago), Bío-Bío (in Concepción) and La Frontera (in Temuco). There were also special resources assigned from the Chilean Bicentennial Program to 5 PBA in the areas of the humanities, arts and social sciences. The level of annual funding for all these activities was ensured by US$100 million.
Third Phase (2012-2016)
Considering the successful evaluation of the pilot in PBA, the new Government decided in 2011 to start a significant scaling-up phase (MECESUP3), this time by agreeing with the World Bank a third loan (N° 8126-CL) aimed at providing technical advice and ensuring an international quality audit to the institutional improvement plans awarded. Along with calls for PBA in the 2012-2015 period, it started the implementation of an enhanced version of the Academic Innovation Fund that includes some institutional negotiation to improve the improvement plans. The resources allocated during these two years amounting to USD$80 million.
After an initial institutional eligibility limited to CRUCH universities and accredited CFT, the MECESUP Program opened eligibility to all universities, technical training centers and professional institutes in Chile that were institutionally accredited by the National Accreditation Commission (Act 20.129).
Mechanisms
The Academic Innovation Fund
The Academic Innovation Fund (AIF) is a financing instrument for the competitive allocation of State resources which encourage activities in eligible academic institutions of the Chilean tertiary education system with features of consistency, responsiveness, equity and quality. Its design is flexible, with specific objectives and thematic areas for priority actions in each competition call. Institutional proposals must be consistent with institutional strategic planning and designed for management by results. Assessment is achieved with national and foreign external peers that evaluate proposals. The evaluation and selection process is based on clear and transparent eligibility and selection criteria that assure equal opportunities and technical rigor. The resources allocated to the best proposals are transferred to the beneficiary institutions for its decentralized management. Academic innovation funds have been supported by the World Bank in several countries and are operationalised with projects that are implemented with management by results.
Performance Agreements
A Performance Agreement (PBA) is a contract between the State and a higher education institution which commit outstanding performances that involve a significant institutional improvement and which alone could not have been able to achieve. It is an institutional financing mechanism for allocating resources of advanced conceptual design and high strategic impact, which provides funding on the basis of results and allows institutions to generate transformative initiatives, capable of facing structural problems of different nature that can significantly improve their academic quality. For a system of higher education that has to face important challenges, the PBA offer relevant opportunities in the strengthening of organizational efforts and resources towards the achievement of outstanding outcomes, generation of competitive advantages and strategic positioning in functional or knowledge areas that can be improved and replicated in other institutions. Performance agreements consider an institutional plan of improvement, agreed between both parties, that is implemented with management by results and a monitoring and evaluation process based on indicators and performance.
Priority Areas of Investment
The performance agreements of the MECESUP program have been prioritised in the following thematic areas:
Institutional priorities (Pilot phase)
Improvement of the humanities, arts and social sciences
Modernization of teacher training
Modernization of the undergraduate curriculum based on competencies and learning outcomes (including the support of Ph.D. programs)
Science-based innovation
Quality improvement of regional institutions.
References
External links
Division of Higher Education
Ministry of Education of Chile
Council of Rector of Chilean Universities, CRUCH
National Research Commission, CONICYT
National Accreditation Commission, CNA
National Higher Education Information Systemm, SIES
Education in Chile
In mathematics, Stirling numbers arise in a variety of analytic and combinatorial problems. They are named after James Stirling, who introduced them in a purely algebraic setting in their book Methodus differentialis (1730). They were rediscovered and given a combinatorial meaning by Masanobu Saka in 1782.
Two different sets of numbers bear this name: the Stirling numbers of the first kind and the Stirling numbers of the second kind. Additionally, Lah numbers are sometimes referred to as Stirling numbers of the third kind. Each kind is detailed in its respective article, this one serving as a description of relations between them.
A common property of all three kinds is that they describe coefficients relating three different sequences of polynomials that frequently arise in combinatorics. Moreover, all three can be defined as the number of partitions of n elements into k non-empty subsets, with different ways of counting orderings within each subset.
Notation
Several different notations for Stirling numbers are in use. Common notation for ordinary (signed) Stirling numbers of the first kind is:
For unsigned Stirling numbers of the first kind, which count the number of permutations of n elements with k disjoint cycles, is:
And for Stirling numbers of the second kind, which count the number of ways to partition a set of n elements into k nonempty subsets:
For example, the sum is the number of all permutations, while the sum is the nth Bell number.
Abramowitz and Stegun use an uppercase and a blackletter , respectively, for the first and second kinds of Stirling number. The notation of brackets and braces, in analogy to binomial coefficients, was introduced in 1935 by Jovan Karamata and promoted later by Donald Knuth. (The bracket notation conflicts with a common notation for Gaussian coefficients.) The mathematical motivation for this type of notation, as well as additional Stirling number formulae, may be found on the page for Stirling numbers and exponential generating functions.
Expansions of falling and rising factorials
Stirling numbers express coefficients in expansions of falling and rising factorials (also known as the Pochhammer symbol) as polynomials.
That is, the falling factorial, defined as , is a polynomial in x of degree n whose expansion is
with (signed) Stirling numbers of the first kind as coefficients.
Note that (x)0 = 1 because it is an empty product. Combinatorialists also sometimes use the notation for the falling factorial, and for the rising factorial. (Confusingly, the Pochhammer symbol that many use for falling factorials is used in special functions for rising factorials.)
Similarly, the rising factorial, defined as , is a polynomial in x of degree n whose expansion is
with unsigned Stirling numbers of the first kind as coefficients.
One of these expansions can be derived from the other by observing that .
Stirling numbers of the second kind express the reverse relations:
and
As change of basis coefficients
Considering the set of polynomials in the (indeterminate) variable x as a vector space,
each of the three sequences
is a basis.
That is, every polynomial in x can be written as a sum for some unique coefficients (similarly for the other two bases).
The above relations then express the change of basis between them, as summarized in the following commutative diagram:
The coefficients for the two bottom changes are described by the Lah numbers below.
Since coefficients in any basis are unique, one can define Stirling numbers this way, as the coefficients expressing polynomials of one basis in terms of another, that is, the unique numbers relating with falling and rising factorials as above.
Falling factorials define, up to scaling, the same polynomials as binomial coefficients: . The changes between the standard basis and the basis are thus described by similar formulas:
.
As inverse matrices
The Stirling numbers of the first and second kinds can be considered inverses of one another:
and
where is the Kronecker delta. These two relationships may be understood to be matrix inverse relationships. That is, let s be the lower triangular matrix of Stirling numbers of the first kind, whose matrix elements
The inverse of this matrix is S, the lower triangular matrix of Stirling numbers of the second kind, whose entries are Symbolically, this is written
Although s and S are infinite, so calculating a product entry involves an infinite sum, the matrix multiplications work because these matrices are lower triangular, so only a finite number of terms in the sum are nonzero.
Example
Expressing a polynomial in the basis of falling factorials is useful for calculating sums of the polynomial evaluated at consecutive integers.
Indeed, the sum of a falling factorial is simply expressed as another falling factorial (for k≠−1)
This is analogous to the integral , though the sum should be over integers i strictly less than n.
For example, the sum of fourth powers of integers up to n (this time with n included), is:
Here the Stirling numbers can be computed from their definition as the number of partitions of 4 elements into k non-empty unlabeled subsets.
In contrast, the sum in the standard basis is given by Faulhaber's formula, which in general is more complex.
Lah numbers
The Lah numbers are sometimes called Stirling numbers of the third kind.
By convention, and if or .
These numbers are coefficients expressing falling factorials in terms of rising factorials and vice versa:
and
As above, this means they express the change of basis between the bases and , completing the diagram.
In particular, one formula is the inverse of the other, thus:
Similarly, composing for example the change of basis from to with the change of basis from to give the change of basis directly from to :
In terms of matrices, if denotes the matrix with entries and denotes the matrix with entries , then one is the inverse of the other: .
Similarly, composing the matrix of unsigned Stirling numbers of the first kind with the matrix of Stirling numbers of the second kind gives the Lah numbers: .
The numbers can be defined as the number of partitions of n elements into k non-empty unlabeled subsets, each of which is unordered, cyclically ordered, or linearly ordered, respectively. In particular, this implies the following inequalities:
Symmetric formulae
Abramowitz and Stegun give the following symmetric formulae that relate the Stirling numbers of the first and second kind.
and
Stirling numbers with negative integral values
The Stirling numbers can be extended to negative integral values, but not all authors do so in the same way. Regardless of the approach taken, it is worth noting that Stirling numbers of first and second kind are connected by the relations:
when n and k are nonnegative integers. So we have the following table for :
Donald Knuth defined the more general Stirling numbers by extending a recurrence relation to all integers. In this approach, and are zero if n is negative and k is nonnegative, or if n is nonnegative and k is negative, and so we have, for any integers n and k,
On the other hand, for positive integers n and k, David Branson defined and (but not or ). In this approach, one has the following extension of the recurrence relation of the Stirling numbers of the first kind:
,
For example, This leads to the following table of values of .
In this case where is a Bell number, and so one may define the negative Bell numbers by . For example, this produces .
See also
Bell polynomials
Catalan number
Cycles and fixed points
Lah number
Pochhammer symbol
Polynomial sequence
Stirling transform
Touchard polynomials
Stirling permutation
Citations
References
Further reading
Permutations
Q-analogs
Factorial and binomial topics
Integer sequences
Wurm (=Worm) ist a German-language surname.
Armin Wurm (born 1989), German professional hockey player
Erwin Wurm (born 1954), Austrian artist
Frank Wurm (1924–1993), American baseball player
Frederick Wurm, full name Louis Friedrich Wurm, (1832–1910), early colonist of South Australia
Harald Wurm (born 1984), Austrian cross country skier
Jan Wurm, American painter
John Nicholas Wurm (1927–1984), American Roman Catholic bishop
Mary Wurm (1860–1938), English pianist and composer
Ole Wurm (or Worm) (1588–1655), Danish physician and antiquary
Stephen Wurm (1922–2001), Hungarian-born Australian linguist
Theophil Wurm (1868–1953), German Lutheran bishop
Wenzel von Wurm (1859-1921), Austro-Hungarian Army general
German-language surnames
Sannah 'Sana' Mchunu (born 19 March 1972), is a South African actor.  They are best known for the roles in the television serials such as; eKasi: Our Stories, Muvhango, The River and Gomora.
Personal life
Mchunu was born on 19 March 1972 in Mofolo North, Soweto, South Africa. They could not finish school due to having children at a very young age.
At the age of 14, they became pregnant with their first child.She then welcomed their second child at the age of 19. They fell pregnant again after their parents sent them back to school. After their parents died, they lived with the father of their fourth child . When they became pregnant with their fifth child, their husband started to physically and emotionally abused her.After all that turmoil , they left the children with him. Currently, they are a mother to seven children.
Career
In their teen years, Sana used to dance for the late Brenda Fassie, which was later interrupted by their multiple pregnancies . They went to audition under the guidance of their friend, Winnie Khumalo. They were later selected to star in eKasi: Our Storiesin a supporting role.
In 2013, Sana joined the fifth season of e.tv anthology series eKasi: Our Stories and played the role "Mrs Simelane" often called "Sis K". They continued to star in the sixth season of the series playing multiple multiple roles such as "Rebecca", "Mrs. Khumalo", and "Gladys". They then played the role of "Grace Letsoalo" in the Mzansi Magic miniseries Vuka Mawulele. In the same year they appeared in two more serials: as "Mrs Qoboza" in SABC1 mystery thriller End Game, and as "Sibu" in Mzansi Magic miniserial Shabangu P.I.. In 2014, they appeared in most of the telecast television serials in South Africa: SABC1 drama Sticks and Stones (as "Aunty Nena"), SABC1 docudrama Amagugu (as "Lizzy"), SABC2 drama Gauteng Maboneng second season (as "Rebecca"), Moja Love telenovela Hope (as "Nelly") and in SABC1 drama thriller Ihawu (as "Rebo Modise"). Meanwhile, their most notable television role was as "Nomarashiya" in the SABC2 soap opera Muvhango.
In 2015, they joined the Mzansi Magic soap opera Isibaya and played the role "Ma Ruth".In 2016, they appeared in the second season of the Mzansi Magic serial It's Complicated as "Nobesuthu". In the same year, they appeared in the SABC2 telenovela Keeping Score and later starred as"Tryphina" in the second season of the SABC1 docudrama Ngempela. In 2017, they starred as the"Mayor's Wife" in the second season of the Mzansi Magic telenovela Ring of Lies and as "MaGumede" in the fourth season of the SABC1 comedy serial Ses'Top La.
In 2018, they starred in the 1Magic telenovela The River with the role "Matilda" and continued in the second season of the show.In 2019, they played the role of "Mam Lindi" in e.tv supernatural serial Isipho and later joined the fourth season of the Mzansi Magic drama The Queen starring as "Tryphina". In 2020, Sana appeared in the Mzansi Magic telenovela Gomora as "Zodwa" where their role has received critical acclaim .
Filmography
Awards
References
1972 births
Living people
South African film actores
South African people
South African television actores
The 1963 NC State Wolfpack football team represented North Carolina State University during the 1963 NCAA University Division football season. The Wolfpack were led by 10th-year head coach Earle Edwards and played their home games at Riddick Stadium in Raleigh, North Carolina. They competed as members of the Atlantic Coast Conference, winning their second ever ACC title with a record of 6–1, a title shared with North Carolina. They were invited to the 1963 Liberty Bowl, the last to be played in Philadelphia before the game moved to Memphis, Tennessee, where they were defeated by Mississippi State.
Schedule
References
NC State
NC State Wolfpack football seasons
Atlantic Coast Conference football champion seasons
NC State Wolfpack football
The Ente () was the world's first full-sized rocket-powered aircraft. It was designed by Alexander Lippisch as a sailplane and first flown under power on June 11, 1928, piloted by Fritz Stamer as part of the Opel-RAK rocket program led by Fritz von Opel and Max Valier.
During the late 1920s von Opel had made a variety of demonstrations involving rocket-powered vehicles for the Opel company. They were assisted by the pyrotechnics manufacturer Friedrich Sander and the rocketry advocate Max Valier. In March 1928 the three men visited the Wasserkuppe, a mountain which had become the center of German gliding to investigate the possibility of fitting rockets to an aircraft. There they encountered some of Lippisch's revolutionary gliders, which because of their tail-less designs seemed suitable for adapting to rocket propulsion. Lippisch was able to demonstrate how models of their aircraft would fly with small rockets installed in them. In June von Opel, Sander, and Valier returned and bought one of their aircraft, the Ente, a canard design.
Two black powder rockets were installed, to be electrically fired by a switch in the cockpit. A counterweight system was also devised and placed under the cockpit floor which would automatically adjust the aircraft's center of gravity as the fuel of the rockets was consumed. The rockets were intended to be fired one after the other, to provide continuous thrust for as long as possible, and each had a burn time of around 30 seconds. Fritz Stamer, who had long been a test pilot for Lippisch's designs was selected to fly the aircraft. After one false start, the aircraft took off and flew a 1,500 metre (4,900 ft) circuit of the Wasserkuppe's landing strip.
On the second flight, the team decided to try firing both rockets together for increased thrust over a shorter period. However, rather than burning properly one of the rockets exploded, punching holes in both wings and setting the aircraft alight. Stamer was nevertheless able to bring it down from a height of around 20 metres (65 ft) before hastily abandoning the Ente, which was burned beyond any hope of repair.
The Opel RAK.1 was developed as the successor to the "Ente", and was demonstrated successfully to the public in September 1929 with Fritz von Opel as pilot.
Specifications (RRG Raketen-Ente)
References
1920s German experimental aircraft
Glider aircraft
Rocket-powered aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1928
Canard aircraft
Lippisch aircraft
The Sensual World is the sixth studio album by the English art rock singer Kate Bush, released on 16 October 1989 by EMI Records. It reached No. 2 on the UK Albums Chart. It has been certified Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) for shipments in excess of 300,000 in the United Kingdom, and Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in the United States.
Overview
Bush drew inspiration for the title track from the modernist novel Ulysses by James Joyce. Bush realised that Molly Bloom's soliloquy, the closing passage of the novel, fitted the music they had created. When the Joyce estate refused to release the text, Bush wrote original lyrics that echo the original passage, as Molly steps from the pages of the book and revels in the real world. They also alluded to "Jerusalem" by William Blake in a reference to the song's gestation ("And my arrows of desire rewrite the speech"). The song includes Irish instrumentation (uilleann pipes, fiddle, whistle) under a breathy rendering of the orgasmic 'Yes' of the original text.
The songs "Deeper Understanding", "Never Be Mine", and "Rocket's Tail" all feature backing vocals by the Bulgarian vocal ensemble Trio Bulgarka. "Heads We're Dancing" includes a characteristic Mick Karn fretless bassline. The song "This Woman's Work" from the romantic comedy film She's Having a Baby (1988) was re-edited for this album. On 27 November 2005 it was featured in the British TV drama Walk Away and I Stumble starring Tamzin Outhwaite. Due to that broadcast, the song reached No. 3 on the UK Singles Downloads Chart in late 2005. This song has also been used in a long-running UK television advert for the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, broadcast between 2005 and 2008, and in the Extras Christmas Special in 2007. A version of the song was recorded by R&B artist Maxwell in 1997 for their MTV Unplugged EP.
Released as CD players were becoming increasingly popular, the original LP ended with "This Woman's Work", whilst "Walk Straight Down the Middle" was included as a bonus track on the CD and cassette versions of the album. The gap between these two tracks is slightly longer to indicate the album was intended to finish with "This Woman's Work". "Walk Straight Down the Middle" later appeared on the compilation The Other Sides.
A video collection called The Sensual World: The Videos was also released. It contained videos for the title song, "Love and Anger", and "This Woman's Work" (all directed by Bush herself), as well as excerpts from an interview Bush gave to the music TV channel VH1.
In May 2011, Bush released the album Director's Cut, which featured new versions of four songs from The Sensual World, including the title song, now called "Flower of the Mountain". Finally having received permission from the Joyce estate, Bush recorded a new vocal using Molly Bloom's soliloquy as the lyric. Additionally, they re-recorded a sparse, piano-only version of "This Woman's Work". The new version of "Deeper Understanding" was released as a single, with an accompanying video.
The live version of "Never Be Mine" was included on their live album Before the Dawn, released in 2016. Although the song had not been performed before an audience, Bush included the live version in the recording.
Critical reception
"While Bush's famously fey voice would probably be enough to hold the disparate strands of The Sensual World together, the album takes its cue and colouring too from the hypnotically sinuous sway of the pipes on the title track," wrote Robert Sandall in Q. "There are some strapping power chords to be despatched here and there, most notably on Love And Anger, but the dominant mood is of Oriental reverie, similar in feel to that achieved latterly by Japan. And in fact the last track on side one, Heads We're Dancing, reproduces that mysteriously sproingy bass sound favoured by Mick Karn."
In 1990, Bush received two nominations at the 10th Brit Awards in the categories Best British Producer and Best British Female. At the 33rd Grammy Awards held the following year, The Sensual World was nominated for Best Alternative Music Performance.
Slant Magazine ranked The Sensual World at No. 55 on its 2012 list of the best albums of the 1980s, writing, "Blessed with one of music's most wildly expressive voices, Bush takes each song further than they have to, resulting in an album that forms its own unique world."
Track listing
Personnel
Credits are adapted from The Sensual World liner notes.
Kate Bush – vocals; piano; keyboards
Del Palmer – Fairlight CMI percussion; bass guitar (1, 4, 7); rhythm guitar and percussion (5)
Charlie Morgan – drums (1, 4, 6, 11)
Stuart Elliott – drums (2, 3, 5, 7, 8, 9)
Bill Whelan – arranger ("The Irish sessions")
Paddy Bush – whip (swished fishing rod) (1), valiha and backing vocals (2), mandolin (4), tupan (6)
Davy Spillane – uilleann pipes (1, 8), whistle (3)
John Sheahan – fiddle (1)
Dónal Lunny – bouzouki (1)
John Giblin – bass guitar (2, 6, 9)
David Gilmour – guitar (2, 9)
Alan Murphy – guitar; guitar synthesizer (3, 5, 7)
Jonathan Williams – cello (3, 5, 7)
Nigel Kennedy – violin (3); viola (5)
Michael Kamen – orchestral arrangements (3, 5, 10)
Alan Stivell – Celtic harp (3, 7); backing vocals (7)
"Dr. Bush" (Robert Bush, Kate's father) – dialogue (3)
Balanescu Quartet – strings (4)
Michael Nyman – string arrangement (Balanescu Quartet)
Mick Karn – bass guitar (5)
Trio Bulgarka – vocals (6, 8, 9)
Yanka Rupkina (of Trio Bulgarka) – solo vocalist (6, 9)
Dimitar Penev – arranger (Trio Bulgarka)
Eberhard Weber – double bass (8, 11)
Production
Kate Bush – producer
Del Palmer – recording engineer, mixing (11)
Haydn Bendall, Kevin Killen, Paul Gomazel – additional recording engineers
Tom Leader – assistant engineer (Trio Bulgarka sessions)
Andrew Boland – engineer ("The Irish sessions")
John Grimes – assistant engineer ("The Irish sessions")
Kevin Killen – mixing (1–10)
Ian Cooper – mastering
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales
The Sensual World: The Videos
Track listing
"Interview" – 0:36
"The Sensual World" – 5:15
"Love and Anger" – 4:43
"This Woman's Work" – 6:31
References
External links
1989 albums
EMI Records albums
Kate Bush albums
Progressive pop albums
Veronica Elaine Nunn (born October 7, 1957) is an American jazz singer who has been the featured vocalist with Michael Franks since 1992.
In the late 1970s they moved to New York City to pursue a degree in theology at Lehmans College in the Bronx. Singing in the music clubs at night to support their college tuition, they met Big Nick Nicholas, who was a teacher of tenor saxophonist John Coltrane. They became a first-call jazz singer in Harlem and Greenwich Village. In 1997 they married jazz pianist Travis Shook and they started Dead Horse Records in Woodstock, New York.
Selected discography
As leader
American Lullaby (2002)
Standard Delivery (2007)
The Art of Michael Franks (2010)
With Michael Franks
Watching the Snow
Rendezvous in Rio
With Travis Shook
Plays Kurt Weill
Awake
External links
Official site
[ AllMusic]
NPR Piano Jazz
American women singers
American jazz singers
Musicians from Little Rock, Arkansas
Living people
1957 births
Singers from New York City
Singers from Arkansas
Jazz musicians from New York (state)
Jazz musicians from Arkansas
21st-century American women
Monte Colombin is a mountain in Liguria, northern Italy, part of the Alps. It is located in the provinces of province of Imperia in Italy and Alpes-Maritimes in France. It lies at an elevation of 1,088 meters.
SOIUSA classification
According to the SOIUSA (International Standardized Mountain Subdivision of the Alps) the mountain can be classified in the following way:
main part = Western Alps
major sector = South Western Alps
section = Ligurian Alps
subsection = Alpi del Marguareis
supergroup = Catena del Saccarello
group = Gruppo del Monte Saccarello
subgroup = Costiera del Monte Pietra Vecchia
code = I/A-1.II-A.1.f
Access to the summit
The mountain can be easily accessed from Airole, Olivetta San Michele, Breil-sur-Roya and Rocchetta Nervina.
References
Mountains of the Ligurian Alps
Mountains of Liguria
Mountains of Alpes-Maritimes
One-thousanders of Italy
One-thousanders of France
Mountains partially in France
Bernadette Kanter is a French sculptor born in Saint-Étienne-du-Rouvray (Normandy) in 1950, their preferred material is bronze.
Biography
In 1974, after studying at the College of artistic careers of Paris (ICART), at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris, and the Académie de la Grande Chaumière in Montparnasse in Paris, Kanter established their studio in Buchelay, near Paris.
In addition they continued to study gemology and gained work experience in workshops of sculpture, sculpting, molding, casting and direct carving.
In 2002 Kanter created Dogs of the bridge guard at Mantes-la-Jolie, near Paris, which consists of two bronze sculptures guarding the entrance to the city after the bridge Peronnet. In 2004 they created an aircraft-bird figure for Aérospatiale, Nungesser and Colis.
Works
1990 The music museum Neunkirchen, (Germany)
1991 Order and force Ministry of Interior, mural for the hall of the police station at Nogent-sur-Marne
1993 The Rooster Urban District of Mantes-la-Jolie
1994 Cockfight Buchelay
1998 The large eagle Buchelay
1998 City Council signalitiques Buchelay, seven terracotta panels for la Maison pour tous
1998 Fontaine fishermen Belgium
2000 Big horse Vésinet
2002 The Bridge guard dogs Mantes-la-Jolie
2004 Nungesser and Colis Aérospatiale
2007 Fresco Shut' Fat (North-East of Jerusalem) Limay Town Hall
Awards
1988 Second Grand-Prix at the International Biennial of Quebec (Canada)
1995 Gold Medal at the National exhibition of wildlife artists
1999 Silver Medal of the Academy of Arts Sciences and Letters in Paris
2001 Gold Medal for Sculpture French artists Sociétaires Taylor Foundation
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20110720222450/http://mantes.histoire.free.fr/item.php?id=955
http://www.fondationtaylor.com/
http://www.grande-chaumiere.fr/
https://web.archive.org/web/20101203111414/http://www.icartparis.com/
https://web.archive.org/web/20110409124245/http://www.ensba.fr/
1950 births
Living people
Artists from Paris
20th-century French sculptors
20th-century French women artists
21st-century French sculptors
21st-century French women artists
Alumni of the Académie de la Grande Chaumière
Ramenye () is a rural locality (a village) in Markushevskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 55 as of 2002.
Geography
Ramenye is located 59 km southeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Klenovaya is the nearest locality. etimology
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Marcus Møller Thrane (14 October 1817 – 30 April 1890) was a Norwegian author, journalist, and the leader of the first labour movement in Norway. It was later known as the Thrane movement (Thranebevegelsen).
Early life
Thrane was born in Christiania, now Oslo, in 1817. Shortly after their birth, their father, a merchant and managing director in Norges Rigsbank, was arrested for involvement in corruption, which devastated the family's reputation. At only 15, Thrane was orphaned and had to move in with friends of the family.
In 1837, Thrane left Norway and traveled to France through Germany and Switzerland. Thrane stayed in Paris for several months before returning to Norway in December 1837. After finishing the examen artium (university admission exam) in 1840 and a brief period as a student of theology, Thrane and their new wife, Maria Josephine Buch, moved to Lillehammer in 1841, where they ran a private school. In 1846, Thrane moved their teaching to Åsgårdstrand.
In March 1847, Thrane came to Åmot in Modum, where they began work as a teacher for the workers' children at the large industrial company, Blaafarveværket. It was there that they experienced their first political awakening. In April, the year after the company was experiencing difficulties, Thrane, together with 250 workers, was sacked.
The family then moved to Drammen, the hometown of their wife, where Thrane became the editor of the local newspaper , but because of their radical opinions, they were fired after only five months. They had already begun their political activities.
Labour movement
On December 27, 1848, Thrane founded (Drammen Labour Union) with 160 members. The following year, several other local unions joined a national organization, and Thrane printed the first edition of the union's paper, . In May 1850, the union delivered a petition to King King Oscar II of Sweden and the Norwegian Storting (parliament), which was signed by 13,000 members. The union asked for universal voting, the extension of mandatory military service to those with property, equality before the law, better schools, low or no border taxes on necessary goods, such as grains, and special support for poor farmers in the form of arable land on reasonable terms.
The union was primarily a union for agricultural workers and crofters and so it cannot be seen as a direct precedent for Norway's later labour movements.
In November, the government dismissed the petition. The union's national conference, in February 1851, sought a revolution. Although Thrane managed to stop it, the authorities seized the opportunity to have them arrested.
Thrane and 132 other members were sentenced on June 25, 1855. Thrane was sentenced to four years in prison, in addition to the four years that had already passed. The imprisonments and internal tension resulted in the end of the movement, and Thrane's attempts of revitalizing it after their release from prison were unsuccessful.
Later life
After the collapse of the movement, Thrane became a photographer and when their wife died in 1862, they emigrated to the United States. They restarted their political activities among Scandinavian immigrants and continued their career as a journalist. In 1865, Thrane started the Chicago-based newspaper . On May 2, 1866, John Anderson purchased the subscription lists of the foundering to start the Norwegian language newspaper
Skandinaven.
In 1866, Thrane started a second Chicago newspaper, which they published until 1878.
In 1866, the Norwegian Synod had felt sufficiently threatened to issue "A Warning to all Christians," which condemned their socialistic ideas, but the writings that they had put out in Chicago actually reached only a small number of fellow socialists. They published a satirical depiction of the visit of the Norwegian author Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson, which they called "The Old Wisconsin Bible" (). It was mainly directed against the church leaders in the Synod.
Among a number of more-or-less successful ventures in the United States, Thrane wrote and produced a number of plays for Norwegian-speaking audiences. The Norwegian Theater () was established by Thrane in Chicago in September 1866. Many of its plays were written by Thrane.
In 1883, they returned to Norway for a brief visit and held a number of lectures but, disappointed by the moderate interest, they returned to the United States, where they died in 1890, in Eau Claire, Wisconsin.
Years later in 1949, Thrane's coffin was sent to Norway, where they were buried and remains today in Vår Frelsers Gravlund in Oslo.
Legacy
Although their movement existed for only a few years, Thrane's work was an important contribution in the politicisation of the Norwegian worker. The Norwegian Labour Party (founded in 1887) refers to them as one of its founding fathers. Indeed, the Thrane movement united the rural and urban lower classes for a common cause for the first time in Norway.
Today, Thrane is remembered in Drammen, the city where they started Norway's first labour union, . On October 14, 2017, the city held a 200-year celebration for Thrane's birthday.  They are still recognized for their efforts and labor activism. A monument of them stands in their honor in Strømsø square.
References
Sources
Karen Larsen, A History of Norway (Princeton University Press: Princeton, New Jersey, 1949)
Leiren, Terje I. Marcus Thrane: A Norwegian Radical in America (Norwegian-American Historical Association. 1987)
Leiren, Terje I. Selected Plays of Marcus Thrane (New Directions in Scandinavian Studies. University of Washington Press. 2008)
Oddvar, Bjørklund Marcus Thrane, Socialist leder i et Utland. (Oslo, Norway. 1970) Norwegian
Koht, Halvdan Arbeider-rørsla av 1848 i Noreg (Norske Folkeskrifter Nr. 60. Norigs Ungdomslag og Studentmaallaget. Oslo [sic.] 1914)Norwegian
External links
Marcus Thrane Collection (published by Norwegian-American Historical Association
Marcus Møller Thrane (Store norske leksikon) Norwegian
Thrane, Marcus Møller (Originalopslag fra pax Leksikon) Norwegian
1817 births
1890 deaths
People from Drammen
Norwegian expatriates in France
Norwegian schoolteachers
Norwegian newspaper editors
Norwegian politicians
Norwegian socialists
Norwegian emigrants to the United States
Norwegian prisoners and detainees
Prisoners and detainees of Norway
19th-century Norwegian photographers
19th-century American newspaper founders
American theatre managers and producers
19th-century American journalists
19th-century Norwegian writers
American male journalists
19th-century American male writers
Trade unionists from Oslo
Eileen Yin-Fei Lo is a chef.  They are the author of eleven cookbooks on Chinese cuisine.
Biography
Childhood
Lo was born in Shun Tak, a district of Guangdong, China. At the age of five, they began to cook which was encouraged by their parents, particularly their mother who believed that "children should know how to do everything", and a father who had traveled widely and was familiar with foreign cuisines. Early influences also included their grandmother who instilled in them the techniques and culture of cooking while they were still a child.
In 1950, Lo fled the Chinese Revolution to live with relatives in Hong Kong. While there they learned English and further enhanced their knowledge of cooking by researching cuisines from all of the regions of China and taking lessons from an aunt who was themselves a highly accomplished cook.
In 1959, Lo married and moved to the United States. Increasingly, they were urged by friends to teach Chinese cookery which they began to do in the early 1970s. For many years they taught in their home, from beginners to master classes. In 1976, they were invited to join the cooking and nutrition staff of the China Institute in New York City and taught there for more than twenty years. They have also taught Chinese cookery at The New School University in New York City.
Published cookbooks
Mastering the Art of Chinese Cooking
The Dim Sum Book: Classic Recipes from the Chinese Teahouse
The Chinese Banquet Cookbook
Eileen Yin-Fei Lo's New Cantonese Cooking
From the Earth: Chinese Vegetarian Cooking
The Dim Sum Dumpling Book
The Chinese Way: Healthy Low-Fat Cooking from China's Regions
The Chinese Kitchen
The Chinese Chicken Cookbook
My Grandmother's Chinese Kitchen
China's Food, with Lionel Tiger (A photographic study and survey of great Chinese regional cooking)
Awards
Mastering The Art of Chinese Cooking was a winner of the International Association of Culinary Professionals (IACP) Julia Child Award and nominated for The James Beard Award
The Chinese Banquet Book Cookbook was an IACP Julia Child Award winner
The Dim Sum Book was nominated for an IACP Julia Child Award
From the Earth: Chinese Vegetarian Cooking was nominated for an IACP Julia Child Award and The James Beard Award
Honors
Silver Spoon Award - Food Arts magazine (New York, 2007)
Lifetime Achievement Award - La Celebration Culinaire Internationale (Washington D.C., 2001)
Lifetime Achievement Award - New World Festival of Food and Wine (Singapore, China 1998)
James Beard House Dinner - 'Little Dishes East and West' (New York, 1998)
James Beard Awards – One of a group of chefs to cook for the James Beard Awards 10th Anniversary Gala (New York, 1996)
Organizations
Lo has been associated with the following organizations over their career:
Food Arts (New York), Asian food authority
Les Dames d'Escoffier (New York), Member
China Institute (New York), cooking instructor
New School Culinary Arts (New York), cooking instructor
Newspaper and magazine articles
Lo has written on both food and restaurants for:
The New York Times
The New York Times Magazine
Gourmet magazine
Food & Wine
Travel + Leisure
Food Arts (master class article contributor)
Media appearances and cooking demonstrations
Lo has appeared on Martha Stewart Living (syndicated), The Early Show (CBS), Good Morning America (ABC), Today in New York (WNBC), Fox and Family (FOX) and on Food Network, as well as regional U.S. programs and programs in Singapore, the United Kingdom, Italy, Finland, Canada and New Zealand.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Chinese emigrants to the United States
American cookbook writers
American chefs
The New School faculty
Writers from Guangzhou
Educators from Guangdong
Vegetarian cookbook writers
Women cookbook writers
Chinese cookbook writers
Chinese Civil War refugees
American women non-fiction writers
American women academics
21st-century American women
Akbarabad (, also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 225, in 62 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Half a Team is a 1980 children's novel by prolific British author Michael Hardcastle.
Plot summary
The book is the sixth in Hardcastle's series about a Junior football League and features recurring characters Nick Abel- Smith (United! 1973, Away from Home (1974) and Lester Rowan (Away from Home). The book follows the story of Abel-Smith and fellow young footballer Steve Sewell as they attempt to overcome the humiliation of being dropped from their respective teams ahead of a five-a-side tournament. Joining forces they create a new team, The Swifts, and, after overcoming a series of obstacles, including getting Steve from Manchester back to their home town without their parents' knowledge, enter the tournament and finally get the opportunity to take on their former teammates and prove their worth.
References
1980 British novels
British children's novels
Novels about association football
1980 children's books
Methuen Publishing books
The green jery (Neomixis viridis) is a species of bird in the family Cisticolidae.
It is endemic to Madagascar.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
green jery
green jery
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bosley Run is a long 1st order tributary to Cross Creek in Brooke County, West Virginia. This is the only stream of this name in the United States.
Variant names
According to the Geographic Names Information System, it has also been known historically as:
Bolsey Run
Course
Bosley Run rises about 1 mile west of Mechling Hill, in Brooke County, West Virginia and then flows south-southwest to join Cross Creek about 0.5 miles northeast of Rockdale.
Watershed
Bosley Run drains of area, receives about 40.0 in/year of precipitation, has a wetness index of 315.01, and is about 62% forested.
See also
List of Rivers of West Virginia
References
Rivers of West Virginia
Rivers of Brooke County, West Virginia
Jessica Valenti (; born November 1, 1978) is an American feminist writer. They were the co-founder of the blog Feministing, which they wrote for from 2004 to 2011. Valenti is the author of five books: Full Frontal Feminism (2007), He's a Stud, She's a Slut (2008), The Purity Myth (2009), Why Have Kids? (2012), and Sex Object: A Memoir (2016). They also co-edited the books Yes Means Yes: Visions of Female Sexual Power and A World Without Rape (2008), and Believe Me: How Trusting Women Can Change the World (2020). Between 2014 and 2018, Valenti was a columnist for The Guardian.  They are currently a columnist for Medium.
Early life and education
Valenti was raised in Long Island City, Queens, in an Italian-American family. They graduated from Stuyvesant High School in New York City in 1996 and attended Tulane University in New Orleans for a year, and then transferred to the State University of New York at Albany, graduating in 2001 with a bachelor's degree in journalism. In 2002, Valenti received a master's degree in Women's and Gender Studies with a concentration in politics from Rutgers University.
Career
After graduating from college, Valenti worked for the NOW Legal Defense and Education Fund and for the Women's Environment & Development Organization. They wrote a blog for NARAL Pro-Choice America and also taught at Rutgers University from 2008 to 2010.
Feministing
In April 2004, Valenti co-founded Feministing with their sister and a friend while they were working at the National Organization for Women's legal defense fund (now Legal Momentum). Homa Khaleeli writes in The Guardian's top 100 women that the site shifted the feminist movement online, triggering the creation of blogs and discussion groups, creating a heyday for feminism just as its death was being announced, as Khaleeli puts it. They write that Valenti "felt the full force of being a pioneer," their involvement with the site attracting online abuse, even threats of rape and death.
Kymberly Blackstock included Feministing in their review of feminist blogs, praising them for being "successful in giving a new generation the chance to engage with as well as begin to direct which topics will rise to the top of the feminist agenda". While they criticized Valenti for the blog's lack of involvement in global issues. They also write that blogs like Feministing are helpful in encouraging activism in young people, and allow them to see current events with a feminist lens.
University of Wisconsin–Madison law professor Ann Althouse criticized Feministing in 2006 for its sometimes sexualized content. Erin Matson of the National Organization for Women's Young Feminist Task Force told The Huffington Post the controversy was "a rehashing of a very old debate within the feminist community: is public sexuality empowering or harmful to women?"
Valenti left the site in February 2011, saying they wanted it to remain a place for younger feminists.
Writing
In 2007, Valenti wrote Full Frontal Feminism, where they discuss the ways in which readers can benefit from being feminists.
In 2008, Valenti published He's a Stud, She's a Slut and 49 Other Double Standards Every Woman Should Know.
In 2008, Valenti was the co-editor of Yes Means Yes: Visions of Female Sexual Power and A World Without Rape with Jaclyn Friedman. The anthology featured a foreword by comedian Margaret Cho.
In 2009, Valenti published (via Seal Press) The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity Is Hurting Young Women, about the way ideals about women's sexuality are being used to weaken women's rights. A documentary film based on the book, called The Purity Myth, was released in 2011 by the Media Education Foundation.
In 2012, Valenti published Why Have Kids? A New Mom Explores the Truth About Parenting and Happiness.
In 2016, Valenti published Sex Object: A Memoir with the Dey Street imprint of Morrow. The book was a memoir, a departure from Valenti's prior books.
Also in 2016, one of the Podesta emails mentions, alongside Valenti's name, a column they were writing for The Guardian.
In 2020, Valenti was the co-editor of the anthology Believe Me: How Trusting Women Can Change the World with Jaclyn Friedman.
Valenti's writing has appeared in Diane Mapes' Single State of the Union: Single Women Speak Out on Life, Love, and the Pursuit of Happiness (2007), Melody Berger's We Don't Need Another Wave: Dispatches from the Next Generation of Feminists (2008), and Courtney E. Martin and J. Courtney Sullivan's book, Click: When We Knew We Were Feminists (2010).
Them work has appeared in Ms., The Washington Post, AlterNet, as well as other publications. Valenti wrote for The Nation from 2008 to 2014. Since 2014, Valenti has written regularly for The Guardian, where they are a columnist.
Harassment
Valenti has been the target of online threats and harassment throughout their career. In a 2006 blog article by Liz Funks at HuffPost, Funks wrote about online attacks made about Valenti after a group photo that included Valenti at a luncheon with former President Bill Clinton went viral, focusing on them outfit.
In July 2016, Valenti announced they were taking a break from social media, after receiving rape and death threats aimed at their then five-year-old daughter. On Twitter, Valenti denounced the harassment as unacceptable. Immediately after that, Valenti made their Instagram account private.
Personal life
In 2009, Valenti married Andrew Golis, former deputy publisher of Talking Points Memo, former general manager of Vox Media, and currently the Chief Content Officer for WNYC.
The couple has one daughter, born in 2010.
Honors
2010: Independent Publisher Book Awards for Gold: The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity Is Hurting Young Women
2011: The Hillman Prize, Blog for Feministing
2011: The Guardian, Top 100 Inspiring Women
2014: Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Media Award for Commentary at The Guardian for "The Body Politic" column
Ibis Reproductive Health, Evidence in Activism Award
Choice USA Generation Award
Works and publications
Books
– excerpt
– extract
Anthologies
Selected publications
Other
– Based on Valenti's book and features Valenti
References
External links
Jessica Valenti at The Guardian
Jessica Valenti at The Nation
Jessica Valenti at AlterNet
1978 births
Living people
American bloggers
American feminist writers
American people of Italian descent
Feminist bloggers
People from Long Island City, Queens
Rutgers University alumni
Stuyvesant High School alumni
Writers from Queens, New York
American women bloggers
The Nation (U.S. magazine) people
21st-century American writers
21st-century American women writers
People from Jamaica Plain
Lee Jeong-eun () (born 20 October 1988) is a South Korean professional golfer. For scoring purposes, they are called Jeongeun Lee5 to differentiate themselves from other Korean LPGA golfers with that name, including the younger Jeongeun Lee6.
Lee played on the LPGA of Korea Tour where they won five times between 2009 and 2015. Since 2017, they have played primarily on the LPGA Tour. Them best finish on the LPGA Tour is T-3 at the 2017 ShopRite LPGA Classic.
LPGA of Korea Tour wins
2009 (2) Asia Today-KYJ Golf Ladies Open, Shinsegae KLPGA Championship
2010 (1) Hyundai E&C Seokyung Ladies Open
2011 (1) Nefs Masterpiece
2015 (1) Jeju Samdasoo Masters
Events in bold are KLPGA majors.
References
External links
Lee Jeong-eun at the KLPGA Tour official site
South Korean female golfers
LPGA of Korea Tour golfers
LPGA Tour golfers
1988 births
Living people
20th-century South Korean women
21st-century South Korean women
2015 ACC Tournament may refer to:
2015 ACC men's basketball tournament
2015 ACC women's basketball tournament
2015 ACC Men's Soccer Tournament
2015 ACC Women's Soccer Tournament
2015 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
2015 Atlantic Coast Conference Softball Tournament
Camberley Town Football Club is a semi-professional football based in Camberley, Surrey, England. They are currently members of the and play at Krooner Park.
History
The club was established in 1895 after a discussion at St Michael's church, and was originally named St Michael's Football Club, although they became known as St Michael's, Camberley. The first match, a friendly, was played on 16 October against D Company from the Royal Military College in nearby Sandhurst; St Michael's won 4–2. In January 1896 they joined the Surrey County Football Association, entering and winning the Surrey Junior Cup in 1897–98; the club's first competitive game was played on 16 October 1897, a Junior Cup first round match against Farncombe which St Michael's won 5–2. After winning the cup, the club joined the East & West Surrey League for the 1898–99 season.
In January 1901 a public meeting was held, at which it was decided to establish a new club that would absorb both St Michael's and Camberley Magpies. The name Camberley & Yorktown was adopted and the club took St Michael's place in the East & West Surrey League. However, they dropped into the Aldershot Combination in 1902, before switching to the Ascot & District League in 1903. The club finished as runners-up in their first season and went on to win the league in 1904–05. They were runners-up again in 1905–06, before winning a hat-trick of successive titles in 1907–08, 1908–09 and 1909–10, remaining unbeaten throughout the third of the title-winning seasons. The season also saw them win the Surrey Junior Cup for a second time, beating Sutton United 2–0 in the final. In 1910 Camberley & Yorktown returned to the East & West Surrey League, which had been renamed the West Surrey League. In 1912–13 the club also entered the three-club Aldershot Senior Civilian League, which they won. They went on to win the West Surrey League the following season.
In 1922 Camberley & Yorktown were founder members of the Surrey Senior League. They won three successive titles in 1930–31, 1931–32 and 1932–33 and were runners-up in 1938–39. After World War II the club was renamed Camberley, and were Surrey Senior League runners-up in 1946–47, before winning the league's Charity Cup in 1951–52 with a 4–3 win over Chertsey Town. The club were league runners-up again in 1961–62, and adopted their current name on 2 June 1967 after merging with former Parthenon League club Camberley Wanderers. In 1973 they joined the Spartan League, but left to join Division Two of the Athenian League in 1975. In 1977 they switched to Division Two of the Isthmian League, and were promoted to Division One after finishing as Division Two runners-up in 1978–79. Two seasons later they were relegated, and after a single season back in Division Two, they rejoined the Athenian League, which now had a single division.
In 1983 Rick Wakeman became the club's chairperson while they were living in Camberley. They remained in this post until 1986 when they were elected Vice-President, and left the club when they moved to the Isle of Man in 1988. In 1984 the Athenian League disbanded; Camberley rejoined the Isthmian League and were placed in Division Two South, where they remained until being placed in Division Three following league reorganisation in 1991. In 1998–99 the club reached the first round of the FA Cup for the first time. Drawn against away to Third Division Brentford, they lost 5–0. Division Three became Division Two in 2002, and Camberley remained members until the end of the 2005–06 season, when they dropped into the Premier Division of the Combined Counties League. They were runners-up in the division in 2013–14 and 2014–15.
Ground
In 1898 the club started playing at the new Recreation Ground on London Road, although they also used a pitch near Southwell Park Road when the Recreation Ground was unavailable and had moved there permanently by 1905. They played there until moving to Martin's Meadow in 1909. However, when the tenancy came to an end, the club returned to the Recreation Ground.
Since 1923 the club have played at Krooner Park on Wilton Road. The ground was paid for with the winnings of a horse named Krooner who won two races at Haydock Park Racecourse in 1920. It was officially opened on 26 December 1923. Due to financial difficulties Krooner Park was sold back to the local council in 1939 with the council guaranteeing that the ground would be retained in perpetuity and that it would be rented to the football club, giving them priority whilst they remained in existence. In the mid-1960s the club asked the council to leave Krooner Park and build a new ground at Southcote Park Farm, but the request was rejected due to the amount of engineering that would be required.
Floodlights were installed at the ground in 1974, with the first floodlit match being a friendly against Crystal Palace on 14 October. The attendance at the match, which ended in a 1–1 draw, was around 3,100, a ground record. The highest confirmed attendance at Krooner Park was 2,066 when the newly-formed Aldershot Town visited for an Isthmian League Division Three match on 10 November 1992.
Honours
Combined Counties League
Premier Challenge Cup winners 2008–09, 2014–15
Surrey Senior League
Champions 1930–31, 1931–32, 1932–33
Charity Cup winners 1937–38, 1951–52
West Surrey League
Champions 1913–14
Aldershot Senior Civilian League
Champions 1912–13
Ascot & District League
Champions 1904–05, 1907–08, 1908–09, 1909–10
Surrey Senior Cup
Winners 1978–79
Surrey Junior Cup
Winners 1897–98, 1909–10
Southern Combination Challenge Cup
Winners 1980–81
Aldershot Senior Cup
Winners 1996–97, 1997–98, 2006–07, 2014–15, 2015–16, 2018–19
Records
Best FA Cup performance: First round, 1998–99
Best FA Trophy performance: Preliminary round, 1979–80, 1980–81, 1981–82
Best FA Vase performance: Quarter finals, 1985–86, 2015–16
Biggest victory: 25–1 vs Warfield, Ascot & District League, 12 October 1907
Record attendance: 2,066 vs Aldershot Town, Isthmian League Division Three, 10 November 1992
See also
Camberley Town F.C. players
Camberley Town F.C. managers
References
External links
Official website
Football clubs in England
Football clubs in Surrey
Association football clubs established in 1895
1895 establishments in England
Camberley
Surrey County Intermediate League (Western)
Aldershot & District Football League
Surrey Senior League
Spartan League
Athenian League
Isthmian League
Combined Counties Football League
"All Because Of You" is the 25th single from Japanese pop duo Puffy AmiYumi released on May 21, 2008. The title song is written and composed by Avril Lavigne and Butch Walker, and is performed entirely in English. The second song Frontier no Pioneer is a cover originally produced by Tamio Okuda and was used as a CM song for Kagome vegetable juice "Yasai Seikatsu 100!".
The limited edition has different cover art, and comes with a bonus DVD including footage of four songs recorded live at their December 19, 2007 tour finale at the Shibuya AX.
Track listings and formats
CD Single
"All Because of You" – 2:25
"フロンティアのパイオニア" ("Frontier Pioneer") – 3:40
"Closet Full of Love" (Ryukyudisko Remix) – 4:13
Special Edition [CD + DVD]
CD
All Because Of You
Furontia no Paionia/フロンティアのパイオニア/Frontier Pioneer
Closet Full Of Love (RYUKYUDISKO REMIX)
DVD
Boom Boom Beat
Tokyo I'm On My Way
Kimi To Motorbike
Wild Girls On Circuit
Credits and personnel
Puffy – vocals, backing vocals
Avril Lavigne – writer
Butch Walker – writer, producer, guitar, bass, keyboards, percussion, backing vocals, programming
Josh Freese – drums
Credits and personnel adapted from Bring It! album liner notes.
Chart performance
The single peaked at number 34 on the singles chart, selling 3.599 copies that week, and stayed on the chart for 3 weeks.
References
2008 singles
Puffy AmiYumi songs
Songs written by Avril Lavigne
Songs written by Butch Walker
Song recordings produced by Butch Walker
2008 songs
Ki/oon Music singles
pt:All Because of You (canção de Puffy)
Emilia Schüle (born 28 November 1992 in Blagoveshchensk) is a Russian-born German actor.
Career
Emilia Schüle was born in 1992 in Russia to an ethnic German family. When they were one year old, they moved to Berlin with their parents. They took professional dance classes in modern dance, street dance and ballet when they were eight years old.
After they participated in the workshop Talents Getting Started in 2005, they appeared in several commercials for Arcor, IKEA, Clearasil and Deutsche Telekom. After further appearances in the television movies Guten Morgen, Herr Grothe and Manatu – Nur die Wahrheit rettet dich where they got their first leading roles, they had their film breakthrough in 2008, when they starred next to Anke Engelke, Armin Rohde and Piet Klocke in the movie Freche Mädchen.
Them next major role was in 2009 in the movie Gangs as Sophie, alongside the young actors and brothers, Wilson Gonzalez and Jimi Blue Ochsenknecht. In 2010 they appeared in Rock It! and Freche Mädchen 2.
In September 2021, Schüle was announced to play Marie Antoinette in the Canal+ and BBC series of the same name created by Deborah Davis.
Filmography
2005: Nichts weiter als (short film)
2006: Guten Morgen, Herr Grothe
2007: Manatu – Nur die Wahrheit rettet dich
2008: Freche Mädchen
2008: Brüderchen und Schwesterchen
2008: Lucky Fritz
2009: Meine wunderbare Familie
2009: 4 Yoginis
2009: Gangs
2009: Faktor 8 – Der Tag ist gekommen
2010: Rock It!
2010: Freche Mädchen 2
2010: Aschenputtel
2011: Die letzte Spur – Alexandra, 17 Jahre
2011: Isenhart – Die Jagd nach dem Seelenfänger
2012: Nemez
2012–2014: Add a Friend (TV series)
2013: In einem wilden Land
2015: , as Sanja
2015: Boy 7
2015:
2016: Lena Love, as Lena
2016: Kudamm '56 (TV film)
2017: Charité (TV series), as Hedwig Freiberg
2017: High Society, as Anabel von Schlacht
2017: Berlin Station (TV series), as Lena Ganz
2017: Simpel
2017: Es war einmal Indianerland
2018: Kudamm '59 (TV film)
2018: Axel der Held
2019: Treadstone (TV series)
2019: Prof. Wall im Bordell
2019: Traumfabrik
2020: Narziss und Goldmund
2021: Kudamm '63 (TV-Film)
2021: Die Vergesslichkeit der Eichhörnchen
2022: Marie Antoinette'' (TV series)
Awards
Undine Award
2008 – Nominated – Best young lead actor in a feature film
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
German film actores
German child actores
Russian emigrants to Germany
Russian people of German descent
German people of Russian descent
People from Blagoveshchensk
Actresses from Berlin
German television actores
The 5th National Spelling Bee was held at the National Museum in Washington, D.C. on May 21, 1929, by the Louisville Courier-Journal. Scripps-Howard would not sponsor the Bee until 1941.
The winner was 12-year-old Virginia Hogan of Nebraska, a student at St. John's Parochial School in Omaha, correctly spelling the word luxuriance, followed by asceticism. In second place came Viola Strbac of Milwaukee, Wisconsin (who had failed to properly spell luxuriance), followed by Teru Hayashi of Ventnor City, New Jersey, a Japanese-American who stumbled on "panacea".
Hogan was first bee winner from their state. They died in Fremont, Nebraska in 1976.(24 November 1976). Spelling champ dies, Lincoln Star (married name Virginia Hogan McDonald) Nebraska did not have another winner until the 40th Bee in 1967.
References
05
1929 in education
1929 in Washington, D.C.
May 1929 events
The archery competitions at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games in the Philippines took place at Clark Parade Grounds in Mabalacat, Philippines from 5 to 9 December 2019.
The 2019 Games featured competitions in ten events (men 4 events, women 4 events and mixed 2 events).
Men's individual recurve
Qualification round
Knockout round
Women's individual recurve
Qualification round
Knockout round
Men's team recurve
Seeding round
Knockout round
Women's team recurve
Seeding round
Knockout round
Mixed team recurve
Seeding round
Knockout round
Men's individual compound
Qualification round
Knockout round
Women's individual compound
Qualification round
Knockout round
Men's team compound
Seeding round
Knockout round
Women's team compound
Seeding round
Knockout round
Mixed team compound
Seeding round
Knockout round
References
External links
R
Southeast Asian Games
2019 in women's archery
Katharina Schroth was born (February 22, 1894 – February 19, 1985) in Dresden, Germany with scoliosis. Them treatment path was to wear thoracic braces to try to fix their diagnosis. They were sick of wearing the braces and over their lifetime found ways to use breathing techniques and different manipulation processes using pulley systems and different stretches to fix the scoliosis. They had started two different institutes that taught and used these techniques to other individuals who also had scoliosis. The first was in opened in 1921 and was called Breathing Orthopedics and was in Meissen Germany. The second institute opened was in Sobernheim. The techniques used are now known as the Schroth Method and are still implemented today. The Schroth method helped to change the way of healing scoliosis and set the precedent for how other techniques were developed. They were given the award of The Federal Cross of Merit by the Federal Republic of Germany. These institutes were passed down to their daughter, Christa Lehnert-Schroth, and to their daughter's son, Dr. Hans-Rudolf Weiss, MD. Them grandson is still alive and has their own practice of where they use modifications of their grandmother's techniques to help those with scoliosis today.
Personal life
Early life
Katharina Schroth was born February 22, 1894, in Dresden, Germany with medium to moderate scoliosis. In order to treat their scoliosis, they were given a steel brace to wear daily. At the age of 16, their dislike for this steel brace led them to seek out a different alternative to help treat and cure themselves of their scoliosis. They first used mirrors to try to determine the best route of success. With the inspiration of a balloon, they looked at the deformities and asymmetrical aspect of their torso and tried to manipulate the differences by overcorrecting them through breathing and watching their body move in the mirror. Once they had found different ways of how the body functions with the different breathing patterns that they had tried, they began to look for ways to physically manipulate their body to correct the deformities. They did this by developing a pulley system to manipulate their torso, while they once again watched in the mirror.
Early Careers
Katharina Schroth had been a teacher at a Rackow's school of business and Languages in Dresden. It is said that they were able to correct those spinal deformities enough that different teachers at the school began noticing and telling them that they saw a difference. They eventually left this field and turned to functional gymnastics. Here they used their different functional knowledge from gymnastics and applied a lot of Swedish gymnastics elements to their different techniques to try to improve their own spinal deformities. They were later asked to begin presenting lectures on this topic and they prepared for these by examining the anatomy and having medical practitioners test their knowledge. Soon after this they opened their first therapy institute in 1921.
Family
Katharina Schroth was married to Franz Schroth. They had a daughter, who was named Christa. Christa was a physiotherapist and took over their mother's work. They also had a son named Hans-Rudolf Weiss. They became a physician and also furthered their grandmother's work and is continuing to do this today in their own clinic.
Life's work
The Schroth Method
Katharina Schroth developed and critiqued their techniques for scoliosis correction until they could get them just right. They did this from a young age of 16 and used everything in their life from a balloon to their work as a gymnastics coach to improve their technique. This technique became known as the Schroth Method. It is a non-invasive technique that stops and prevents scoliosis from becoming worse and actually corrects it. The most important aspect of this technique is that it is individual based and unique to each person since no two cases of scoliosis are the same.
The Schroth Method included the ideals of de-rotating, elongating, and stabilizing the spine in a three-dimensional plane of sagittal, frontal and transverse. These foundations of the Schroth method looked at muscular symmetry, rotational angular breathing, and awareness of posture through stretching and exercising certain muscles. The concept of awareness of posture was illustrated by them observing themselves in the mirror. They used this mirror to see how their body was oriented to try to compete against those different irregularities by overcompensating for them in posture throughout the day. Being mindful about this concept on the daily is a huge part of the Schroth method. Second, they looked at the ideas of rotational angular breathing. This idea was drawn up through the balloon or ball analogy that allowed them to see that when parts of the spine or ribs are concaved that breathing in certain ways allowed for those areas to appear straight and symmetrical. This would allow the body to stretch out the way that it was supposed to and to see different muscles that were lacking in strength. This brings us to the last concept of muscular symmetry. Through exercise and stretching, a person can fix the asymmetrical aspects of their spinal curvatures by helping inadequacies in muscle development to support the spine and fix those irregularities. This would also allow for certain overworked muscles to relax and to result in even better symmetry in both muscle strength and conformity. The Schroth method was a pivotal technique in the world of healing and has changed so many lives and the ways that different therapies were developed.
Opening institutions
Once Katharina created a process that helped reverse and halt the spinal deformities, they opened their own institution. They opened Breathing Orthopedics in 1921 in Meissen. This location had a small building and a garden with different tools and structures that were used for individual and group treatments. They would perform a lot of their techniques like the breathing techniques outside in the garden so that their skin could feel the sun's heat and that they could get some fresh air. Them husband, Franz Schroth would help individual patients at the institution with certain corrections and with specific strength exercises. This institution worked on specific postural correction through correctional breathing patterns and correctional postural perceptions. This method would have a 3-month rehabilitation time period. While the institution was advancing their daughter, Christa Schroth, helped with the spinal corrections within the years 1930s and 1940s.
In 1955 after World War 2, Katharina and their family moved to western Germany and in 1961 they founded their second therapy institute in Sobernheim which was to treat individuals from all over Germany and internationally. Katharina's daughter Christa eventually became the institute's director and worked there until they retired in 1995. This institute was quite small but over the years has grown and still is functioning and helps about 180 people with scoliosis or kyphosis. Patients were on average treated within a 6-week period. This institute was later named Katharina Schroth Klinik within the 1980s. Along with this, the first prospective controlled trail was carried out from 1989 to 1991. This clinic has since changed and now uses braces as its first treatment, but they use derivative's Katharina's original techniques of specific postural correction, correction of breathing patterns, and correction of postural perception for rehabilitation.
Awards
Through all the hard work of opening two institutions and creating an innovative process of treating people with scoliosis, Katharina Schroth was awarded the Federal Cross of Merit from the Government of the Federal Republic of Germany.
References
Further reading
Publications
External links
1894 births
1985 deaths
A Private Storm is a 2010 Nigerian romantic drama film, co-directed by Lancelot Oduwa Imasuen and Ikechukwu Onyeka. It stars Ramsey Nouah, Omotola Jalade Ekeinde, Ngozi Ezeonu, Ufuoma Ejenobor and John Dumelo. It was premiered on 18 December 2010 at Four Points Hotel, Lekki.
Plot
Gina (Omotola Jalade Ekeinde) and Alex (Ramsey Nouah) seem like the ideal couple from the outside, but the urge to always be in control of all aspect of Gina's life is threatening their relationship. Alex abuses them emotionally and physically anytime they see them getting close to the opposite sex.
Cast
Ramsey Nouah as Alex
Omotola Jolade-Ekeinde as Gina
Ufuoma Ejenobor as Lisa
John Dumelo as Jason
Ngozi Ezeonu as Mrs Jibuno
Blossom Chukwujekwu as Tony
Tessy Oragwa as Katie
Christian Ajisafe as Uju
Blessing Onwukwe as Ada
Release
It premiered in Lagos on 18th December 2010. It was released theatrically on 9th February 2011 and on DVD on 10th December 2012.
Reception
Critical reception
The film received a generally positive reception. It holds a 57% rating on Nollywood Reinvented, who praised the acting, music, story and originality. Nollywood Forever also praised the casting and storyline.
Accolades
It was nominated in seven categories at the 2012 Nollywood Movies Awards. It received seven nominations at the 2011 Best of Nollywood Awards and won the award for "Best Use of Costume". It received three nominations at the 7th Africa Movie Academy Awards including awards for Best Makeup, Best Supporting Actor and Best Nigerian Film
References
External links
Nigerian romantic drama films
Films set in Lagos
2010 romantic drama films
2010 films
Films about domestic violence
Nigerian nonlinear narrative films
Films set in Abuja
Nebojša Tower (; ) is the only surviving mediaeval tower of the Belgrade Fortress. Built in the 15th century, it was the major defensive tower of the fortress for centuries. Later it served as a dungeon and in 2010 it was adapted into the museum. The tower is located near the confluence of the Sava into the Danube.
History
Name
The name of the tower, nebojša, means "fearless" in Serbian. In the medieval Serbia it was a common name of the tower which was most forward from the fortress. The custom of naming the towers this way can be found among other Slavic people, like Slovaks. In modern Serbia, Nebojša became a common male name, so people began to occasionally call it Nebojša's Tower (), as if it's being named after someone named Nebojša, which is incorrect. As a common noun, nebojša is sometimes used as a Serbian translation for the daredevil.
The tower was originally called the "White tower" () and is mentioned under this name in 1572. Later, it was named "Timișoara Tower" () and after the original Nebojša Tower was destroyed in 1690, the name was transferred to the present tower.
Predecessor
The tower originally called Nebojša Tower was built in the early 15th century, during the reign of despot Stefan Lazarević, who ruled Belgrade from 1403 and made it the capital of Serbia. It functioned as the keep of the fortress and most likely resembled the "Despot's Tower", the keep of the fortress which surrounds the Manasija monastery, which was also founded by Stefan Lazarević. That tower was destroyed during the Siege of Belgrade in 1690, when Ottomans regained control over Belgrade from the Austrians. The siege lasted 8–14 October 1690 and was finished when the Ottomans', during the shelling of the fortress, hit the Austrian main powder magazine. The explosion destroyed the large part of the Little Town section of the fortress (area between the "Defterdar Gate" and the modern Pobednik monument), including the tower itself.
In 1948, after the Informbiro resolution and the ensuing Tito–Stalin split, a construction of the defensive bunker began on the fortress. In the process, the thick rampart of the original Nebojša Tower was discovered. It was destroyed and by 1949 the bunker which covers was finished. The tallest point of the bunker is the cannon dome which was used for the artillery and military units. Abandoned later, it was adapted for the tourists and opened in December 2012. It has parts of the authentic inventory from the 1950s: safety doors, beds, ventilation, water tanks, etc.
Origin
The present Nebojša Tower was built c.1460 by the Hungarians, who ruled Belgrade at the time. When it was built, it was located at the entrance into the city's "Danube port", in the Lower Town of the fortress and was part of the defense system which was protecting Belgrade from the Ottoman invasion after the Siege of Belgrade in 1456. During the 1521 Siege of Belgrade, cannons from the tower successfully defended the city from July to August, until the Ottomans managed to set the tower on fire. Only then, they managed to conquer the city. One chronicler of the siege wrote: "In the lower fortification of Belgrade on the Danube towards Mustafa–pasha position there was a tower. That tower was used as a stronghold by the faithless (Christians). It prevented assault. When assault was made yesterday many of them were killed by canons from the tower. After destruction that tower was put on fire today by a vanquisher. The faithless were beaten up and gave in. From the position of Mustafa-pasha an opportunity for assault was thus created." The sultan Suleiman the Magnificent ordered for the tower to be rebuilt.
18th century
After Austrians reconquered Belgrade as part of their rule of northern Serbia 1718-39, they began a massive reconstruction of the fortress as they envisioned Belgrade as the typical fortified baroque city of the day and the foothold of their further military operations against the Ottomans. Belgrade Fortress was reconstructed and the new bastion fortifications were built. In that period, the Nebojša Tower was also reconstructed. The old, upper part of the tower was lowered and a new floor with the vault was built. Old embrasures were walled up and the new, larger ones were opened to fit the modern, bigger cannons. At that time, the inner, war port, which was protected by the tower, still existed. In c.1725 Austrians built an arsenal at the base of the tower. It was used for cannon casting by the Serbian rebels 1807-1813, headed by Karađorđe, during the First Serbian Uprising.
Dungeon
After regaining Belgrade in 1739, the Ottomans closed and covered the port with earth so the tower lost its military importance and was turned into the dungeon. Due to the terrible conditions and the practice of strangling the prisoners and throwing them through the openings of the tower into the river, the Nebojša Tower became one of Belgrade's darkest symbols. The most famous captive was the Greek revolutionary and poet Rigas Feraios, who was strangled in 1798. Methodius, Metropolitan of Belgrade was also killed in the tower in 1801.
20th century
Hugo Buli (1875-1942), son of the noted Belgrade merchant Edidija Buli, was a student in Germany when they brought the first leather football to Serbia. Their father was hiding the ball from him, but Hugo, who was already playing football for "Germania" club in Berlin, managed to form the first football section within the "Soko" gymnastics society on 12 May 1896. On the field in front of the Nebojša Tower, the first football match in Serbia was played on 19 May 1896. The field wasn't marked with lines and had no goals, only bricks which marked where the goal should be. The players didn't know the rules, so Hugo was explaining everything. There were 50 spectators. New reports of the "gymnastics game" under the tower survived, though the newspapers referred to it as a fun, rather than as a proper sport. Hugo founded the first football association in Serbia in 1899, and is considered a father of football in Serbia. Being from a well known Jewish Buli family, they perished in the Holocaust, in the Sajmište concentration camp sometime in 1941-1942.
Former armory was buried and effectively cut in two when the modern Donjogradski boulevard (today Vojvoda Bojović boulevard) was built over it in 1935.
During the World War II, the Sava river brought dead bodies which floated all the way from the Ustaše Jasenovac Concentration Camp, almost upstream. The fishermen were taking the bodies out of the water, so as former Italian soldiers turned prisoners by the German occupational forces after capitulation of Italy in September 1943. Bodies were buried around the tower and in the mass grave at the nearby Gate of Charles VI in the fortress' Lower Town. The mass graves are unmarked. From 1941 to 1945, some 5,000 bodies were retrieved from the Sava (of which only one person was identified), with majority being buried at the Belgrade New Cemetery and Topčider Cemetery.
The tower was reconstructed in 1963.
Architecture
The Nebojša Tower belongs to the oldest type of the early artillery cannon towers. When built, it represented an important achievement in the architecture of the time. It has a regular octagon base, with thick walls. It has a ground floor and three storeys, with the total height of All floors have embrasures, or the cannon openings, on all sides, so that invaders can be shelled whether they advance from the river or from the land. The tower used to have a leveled top with the battlements and protruded wooden corbels. When Austrians reconstructed the tower in the first half of the 18th century, the top with the battlements was replaced with the roof construction which remained to this day.
Museum
Idea of turning the tower into the cultural center was announced in the late 2007. It was jump started by the €1,4 million donation from the European Centre for Byzantine and Post-Byzantine Monuments from Thessaloniki and conducted in the cooperation of the Centre and the Belgrade city administration. During the excavations around the tower, the remains of the Austrian armory from 1725 were discovered and conserved. The revitalization project was drafted by 148 experts from 18 institutes and companies, including the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts. The construction works lasted for 17 months, from June 2009 to December 2010. Almost of walls (including the façades) were restored or conserved, while of ramparts were revitalized. The revitalization process included embedding various materials: 100,000 hand-made bricks, of concrete, 150 tons of steel and iron while of glass was used to adapt the cannon openings into windows.
Former waterfront rampart is adapted into the annex of the tower and serves as the lobby of the museum. An extension of the lobby, in the direction of the former watergate No. 2, is turned into the meeting hall with 500 seats. All sections of the exhibitions are multimedial and interactive and the audio narration is multilingual: in Serbian, Greek and English. Entry section addresses the history of the tower. Ground floor setup marks the prison period and the slavery in general. Hanging in the air are 150 portraits of the political prisoners. First floor is dedicated to Rigas Feraios, while the narration cites lyrics from their poems. Exhibition on the second floor is devoted to the First Serbian Uprising while the final floor celebrates the development of Belgrade after the liberation from the Ottomans where multimedia includes the reflection of the water on the ceiling, from the central cauldron, and video projections on the walls.
Water Town
In the mediaeval period, the area to the west and south-west, between the tower and the Sava, was a location of the "Water Town" () settlement, built by despot Stefan Lazarević in the early 15th century. It was known for an open green market and a watermill. The settlement was established above the port of "Donji Grad", one of three which Belgrade had at the time (two on the Danube and one on the Sava). The marketplace was especially known as a fish market, but other goods were also traded: grains, fruits, vegetables, wool, hide, fur and wax.
Today it is part of the promenade along the Sava, arranged as a wide plateau with anchored barge-restaurants (splav). Since 2007, the "Fish Fest", an annual festival is held on the location. It is a competition of the chefs from Serbia and surrounding countries in preparing fish courses, like the fish soup or a stew. Other, local types of food are also prepared. The festival is organized like a fair, with agricultural products being displayed for selling, music concerts, workshops, children games, etc. The festival is held in August-September.
References
Buildings and structures in Belgrade
Towers completed in the 15th century
Buildings and structures completed in 1460
Rigas Feraios
Julius P. Knapp II is the chief of the Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) Office of Engineering Technology (OET). OET is the Commission's primary resource for engineering expertise and provides technical support to the Chairman, Commissioners and FCC Bureaus and Offices.
Mr. Knapp was named Chief of OET in October 2006, succeeding Ed Thomas who left the previous year, although they were the acting chief for some time before that. They became the Deputy Chief of OET in May 2001. Prior to that they were the Chief of the Policy & Rules Division where they were responsible for FCC frequency allocation proceedings and for proceedings amending the FCC rules for radio frequency devices. Mr. Knapp was Chief of the FCC Laboratory from 1994–1997 where they were responsible for the FCC's equipment authorization program and technical analyses.
Mr. Knapp received a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from the City College of New York in 1974.  They are a member of the IEEE EMC Society and is a Fellow of the Radio Club of America. They were the 2001 recipient of the Eugene C. Bowler award for exceptional professionalism and dedication to public service and received the FCC's Silver and Gold medal awards for distinguished service at the Commission.
In 2016, Knapp was involved in implementing new FCC rules that require Wifi router manufacturers to prevent modifications to the router's RF parameters.
On Nov. 27, 2019 the FCC announced Julius Knapp's planned retirement after 13 years as Chief of OET and more than 40 years at the Commission, effective Jan. 3, 2020. They stated, “My wonderful wife Debi and I plan to spend more time with our family and enjoy our `golden years.' ”
References
External links
Julius Knapp Biography
JULIUS KNAPP NAMED DEPUTY CHIEF OF OET
SpectrumTalk Blog: Julius Knapp Named Chief, FCC Office of Engineering and Technology
Radio Blog: FCC names Julius Knapp chief of Office of Engineering and Technology
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Members of the Federal Communications Commission
Aaron Harry Gorson (2 June 1872 in Kovno, Russian Empire – 11 October 1933 in New York City) was an American artist.
Life
They immigrated to the United States, in Philadelphia, in 1888.
They studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts, in 1894–1896 and 1897–1898, where they studied with Thomas Anshutz.
They studied at the Académie Julian, in 1900, École des Beaux-Arts, and Académie Colarossi.
Their work appeared in the 1902 exhibition of the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts.
They moved to Pittsburgh.
In 1921, they moved to New York City.
Their work is in the Carnegie Museum of Art, Kresge Art Museum, the Westmoreland Museum of American Art, the Newark Museum, the Worcester Art Museum, the Heckscher Museum of Art, and the Pennsylvania State University Art Gallery.
Their scrapbooks are microfilmed at the Archives of American Art.
References
External links
http://www.christies.com/LotFinder/lot_details.aspx?intObjectID=5477523
https://web.archive.org/web/20120415050125/http://www.edenhurstgallery.com/painting.php?id=546
https://web.archive.org/web/20111221005137/http://aradergalleries.com/detail.php?id=2591
American artists
1872 births
1933 deaths
Artists from Kaunas
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United States
Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts alumni
American alumni of the École des Beaux-Arts
Académie Julian alumni
Académie Colarossi alumni
Historic Mims Park was created on Mayor Livingston Mims's initiative and named in their honor. Designed in the late 19th century by the Olmsted brothers, it featured meadows, trees, walking paths, fountains and a playground.
There have been proposals to recreate Mims Park on the former grounds of the historic Wachendorff Nursery property. Plans call for replicating the original Olmsted layout and adding new features such as a wading pool, a civic square with a reconstructed Carnegie Library building, and an organic farm and greenhouses to be managed by the residents of the neighborhood. A Peace Column topped by a statue of Chief Tomochichi has also been designed for the new park. An elevator ride to the top of the 80 ft column would provide a panoramic view of the nearby Sunset Avenue Historic District.
Many of Atlanta's civil rights leaders lived and were educated within view of Historic Mims Park. In recognition of this, the new park would include statues of Joseph E. Boone, Dorothy Bolden, Andrew Young, Coretta Scott King, Booker T. Washington, W.E.B. DuBois, Livingston Mims, Maynard Jackson, Ralph Abernathy, Julian Bond, Rodney Mims Cook, Sr., and Martin Luther King Jr., the last of which would look south towards their alma mater, Morehouse College.
This proposal has received the support of the Mayor of Atlanta and the City Council.
References
Parks in Atlanta
Banteay Ampil District is a district in Oddar Meanchey province in northern Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 27,075.
Administration
The following table shows the villages of Banteay Ampil district by commune.
Demography
The district is subdivided into 4 communes (khum) and 86 villages (phum).
References
Districts of Oddar Meanchey province
Jessica Arellano (born December 20, 1982) known professionally as Jessy J, is an American saxophonist.
Biography
Jessy J was born Jessica Arellano on December 20, 1982 in Portland, Oregon and raised in Hemet, California. Of Mexican-American descent, their father is from Mexico and their mother is a native Texan. They began playing piano at the age of four. At the age of 15, at the Béla Bartók Festival, they won the Piano State Championship. They also played saxophone in state honored bands, such as the Grammy Band, and played internationally in festivals like the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland. Earning a scholarship to University of Southern California, they obtained a degree in jazz studies and was named the "Most Outstanding Jazz Student".
While attending USC Jessy auditioned and was selected to join Disney as a member of the American College Band two consecutive years in a row. As a band member they attended workshops learning critical skills, such as leadership, teamwork, and communication which gave them the confidence needed for creative song writing and organizing a band as a leader. In 2010 Jessy was inducted into Disney's Magic Music Days Hall of Fame.
After graduating from USC, they worked in the studio with Michael Bublé. They toured with The Temptations, Jessica Simpson, Michael Bolton, and Seal. Other Artists they have performed or recorded with include Taylor Swift, Chance the Rapper, Robin Thicke, Anita Baker, Andra Day Maxwell, Joe Sample, Harvey Mason, and Ray Parker, Jr.
Jessy J performed on their twice Grammy nominated album Elevation as a member of the Henry Mancini Jazz Orchestra. Jessy has performed on the hit television competition shows "American Idol" "The Voice" and "Dancing With the Stars." The year Steven Tyler was a judge on "Idol," they were so impressed with their performances that they invited them to play on Aerosmith's 2012 album Music From Another Dimension.
Prior to being a studio musician and touring as a jazz artist, Jessy J performed in the casts of Mason Entertainment Group's Off-Broadway shows Shockwave, Cyberjam, and M.I.X. They performed not only as a saxophonist and singer but also as an actor and dancer. Touring with Mason Entertainment led them across the US, the United Kingdom, and Japan.
Jessy J's recording career began after producer/guitarist Paul Brown listened to their demo and gave them a spot on their tour. They soon began making solo appearances. Them first major solo performance was at the Catalina JazzTrax Festival in 2006. Soon afterward, they and Paul Brown were in the studio recording their first album, Tequila Moon.
Since beginning their career, they have toured with other jazz artists, such as Jeff Lorber, Jeff Golub, Euge Groove, Paul Brown, and Gerald Albright. In 2008/2009, they toured as a part of the Guitars & Saxes tour. In 2010 they Toured with Norman Brown and Brenda Russell in the Summer Storm Jazz tour.
Jessy was carefully selected along with a handful of talented young jazz artists by Selmer Saxophones to be part of a team of Master educators at schools to help advance music programs. Giving back to the community is something they had been doing while an undergraduate going to inner city schools. Leadership and teamwork was second nature.
Jessy J has built up a Latin following, lending their hand in Hispanic music programs and performing with the Hispanic Musician Association Orchestra. In 2006 Jessy J was hand selected by Paquito D'Rivera to perform at Carnegie Hall as part of the Latin Jazz Project featuring the "Rising Stars of Tomorrow". They have also worked in Mexico with artists Gloria Trevi (known as the Madonna of Mexico), Armando Manzanero (whom they call "the Mancini of Mexico"), Grammy Nominated singer Cristian Castro, Rock of Ages star Diego Boneta, and Sheila E.
Them song "Tequila Moon" hit the #1 spot on the Billboard chart for Jazz. Them song "Tropical Rain", from their 2009 release, reached the top of the Groove Jazz Music chart and also took the #1 spot on the Smooth Jazz Top 20 Countdown, as well as the R&R and Billboard Jazz charts.
In 2008, Jessy J was named Radio & Records "Debut Artist of the Year". They also received the "Contemporary Jazz Song of the Year" award from R&R and Billboard for their song "Tequila Moon". Also that year, they were featured on the cover of the May issue of Jazziz Magazine. In 2009, they were on the October cover of Saxophone Journal and Latina Style Magazine.
In 2011, Jessy's album Hot Sauce debuted at number one on the Billboard Jazz Albums chart and was featured in People Espanol and Latina magazine. The album includes performances by Jazz Legends Joe Sample, Harvey Mason, and Ray Parker Jr.
Television performances
2012 American Idol Finale w/ Neil Diamond
2012 American Idol performances with Phillip Phillips and Jessica Sanchez
2012 The Voice "Just the Way You Are", "Dancing in the Street" w/ Cee Lo Green
2011 CNN Espanol
2011 Univision, Acceso Total, Miami
2011 Telemundo, Llevantate
2011 Telemundo, Azul
2010 Fox Morning News
2009 Good Morning UK w/Seal
2009 Royal Albert Hall PBS Special w/ Michael Bolton
2008 Este Noche Tu Night, America TeVe
2008 Telemundo, Nitido
2006 The View w/Jessica Simpson
2006 Good Morning America w/Jessica Simpson
2006 NBC's Rockefeller Christmas Tree Ceremony w/Jessica Simpson
2004 BBC, Blue Peter
Discography
Tequila Moon (2008)
True Love (2009)
Hot Sauce (2011)
Second Chances (2013)
My One and Only One (2015)
California Christmas (2016)
Live At Yoshi's 10 Year Anniversary Special (2018)
Blue (2022)
References
External links
American jazz saxophonists
American musicians of Mexican descent
Musicians from Portland, Oregon
Living people
1982 births
Smooth jazz saxophonists
American women jazz musicians
People from Hemet, California
Thornton School of Music alumni
21st-century saxophonists
Women jazz saxophonists
Women saxophonists
21st-century American women musicians
Hispanic and Latino American musicians
Jazz musicians from California
The 1949 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 18th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Tyrone entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were defeated in the Ulster Championship.
On 25 September 1949, Armagh won the championship following a 1-7 to 1-5 defeat of Kerry in the All-Ireland final. This was their first All-Ireland title.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Sligo wins the Connacht title for the first time in their history.
References
1949
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Tamāra Dauniene (born 22 September 1951), is a Latvian former basketball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
1951 births
Living people
Latvian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Basketball players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in basketball
Soviet women's basketball players
Medalists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Stephen Stanton (born August 22, 1961) is an American voice actor and visual effects artist. Some of their roles include Sasha Nein in Psychonauts and Psychonauts 2, Grand Moff Tarkin in the Star Wars franchise, Admiral Raddus in Rogue One and Griff Halloran on Star Wars Resistance.
Early life
Stanton was born in Augsburg, West Germany on August 22, 1961.
Career
Stanton is well-known as a voice double for Tim Allen, Nicolas Cage, John Cusack, Peter Cushing, Robert Downey Jr., Roger Ebert, Jeff Goldblum, Alec Guinness, Clive Owen, Vincent Schiavelli and Bruce Willis, among others. They also provide original voices for Disney television shows and theme park attractions.
Filmography
Film
Television
Video games
Theme parks
Disney California Adventure Jessie's Critter Carousel – Stinky Pete
Disney California Adventure Toy Story Midway Mania! – Stinky Pete
Disney D23 Expo Carousel of Projects – Narrator
Disneyland Club 33 – Alfred the Vulture
Disneyland Paris – Woody & Jessie's Wild West Adventure (Lucky Nugget Saloon) – Stinky Pete
Disneyland Rivers of America – Mark Twain Riverboat Captain
Disneyland The Haunted Mansion Phantom Radio app – Phineas
Hong Kong Disneyland Mystic Manor – Lord Henry Mystic
Shanghai Disneyland Celebration of Dreams Show (2016) – Happy
Walt Disney World D23 Destination D: Attraction Rewind – Father
Walt Disney World Seven Dwarfs Mine Train – Happy
Walt Disney World Tomorrowland Transit Authority - ORAC-5
Visual effects work
Tippett Studio
Starship Troopers (1997) – Digital Scanner Operator
Armageddon (1998) – Digital Scanner Operator (Uncredited)
Virus (1999) – Digital Scanner Operator
Komodo (1999) – Digital Scanner Operator (Uncredited)
My Favorite Martian (1999) – Digital Scanner Operator
Hollow Man (2000) – Digital Scanner Operator
Mission to Mars (2000) – Digital Scanner Operator (Uncredited)
Cats & Dogs (2001) – Digital Scanner Operator (Uncredited)
Evolution (2001) – Digital Scanner Operator
Boss Film Studios
Solar Crisis (1990) – Production Assistant
The Last of the Mohicans (1992) – Computer Graphics Coordinator
Alien 3 (1992) – Digital Camera Operator
Batman Returns (1992) – Digital Camera Operator
Journey To Technopia (1993) - Digital Film I/O
Cliffhanger (1993) – Computer Graphics Coordinator
Last Action Hero (1993) – Computer Graphics Coordinator (Uncredited)
References
External links
Official website
1961 births
Living people
20th-century American comedians
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American comedians
21st-century American male actors
Actors from Augsburg
American impressionists (entertainers)
American male video game actors
American male voice actors
Visual effects artists
Alotus is the thirteenth album by the Finnish experimental rock band Circle.
The album cemented Circle's relationship with Hans Joachim Irmler, a founder member of the krautrock band Faust. The CD was released on Irmler's label Klangbad, and Irmler is credited as producer and co-arranger. In concerts around the time, the vocalist Mika Rättö often wore a T-shirt with the cover art from Faust's eponymous first album. "Northern Sky" was also included on the 2002 compilation album Klangbad First Steps.
Although current members Tomi Leppänen and Janne Westerlund are not credited as playing on the album, they do appear in the band photograph in the sleevenotes.
Track listing
Työläisten laulu (11:45)
Alotus (11:26)
Northern Sky (2:37)
Lopetus (11:10)
Potto (10:12)
Personnel
Teemu Elo
Jyrki Laiho
Jussi Lehtisalo
Janne Peltomäki
Mika Rättö
References
Circle (band) albums
2002 albums
Khuni Sar (, also Romanized as Khūnī Sar; also known as Khāneh Sarā) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 256, in 62 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
A Proth number is a natural number N of the form where k and n are positive integers, k is odd and . A Proth prime is a Proth number that is prime. They are named after the French mathematician François Proth. The first few Proth primes are
3, 5, 13, 17, 41, 97, 113, 193, 241, 257, 353, 449, 577, 641, 673, 769, 929, 1153, 1217, 1409, 1601, 2113, 2689, 2753, 3137, 3329, 3457, 4481, 4993, 6529, 7297, 7681, 7937, 9473, 9601, 9857 ().
It is still an open question whether an infinite number of Proth primes exist. It was shown in 2022 that the reciprocal sum of Proth primes converges to a real number near 0.747392479, substantially less than the value of 1.093322456 for the reciprocal sum of Proth numbers.
The primality of Proth numbers can be tested more easily than many other numbers of similar magnitude.
Definition
A Proth number takes the form where k and n are positive integers, is odd and . A Proth prime is a Proth number that is prime. Without the condition that , all odd integers larger than 1 would be Proth numbers.
Primality testing
The primality of a Proth number can be tested with Proth's theorem, which states that a Proth number is prime if and only if there exists an integer for which
This theorem can be used as a probabilistic test of primality, by checking for many random choices of whether If this fails to hold for several random , then it is very likely that the number is composite.
This test is a Las Vegas algorithm: it never returns a false positive but can return a false negative; in other words, it never reports a composite number as "probably prime" but can report a prime number as "possibly composite".
In 2008, Sze created a deterministic algorithm that runs in at most time, where Õ is the soft-O notation. For typical searches for Proth primes, usually is either fixed (e.g. 321 Prime Search or Sierpinski Problem) or of order (e.g. Cullen prime search). In these cases algorithm runs in at most , or time for all . There is also an algorithm that runs in time.
Large primes
, the largest known Proth prime is . It is 9,383,761 digits long. It was found by Szabolcs Peter in the PrimeGrid volunteer computing project which announced it on 6 November 2016. It is also the largest known non-Mersenne prime.
The project Seventeen or Bust, searching for Proth primes with a certain to prove that 78557 is the smallest Sierpinski number (Sierpinski problem), has found 11 large Proth primes by 2007. Similar resolutions to the prime Sierpiński problem and extended Sierpiński problem have yielded several more numbers.
Since divisors of Fermat numbers are always of the form , it is customary to determine if a new Proth prime divides a Fermat number.
As of June 2022, PrimeGrid is the leading computing project for searching for Proth primes. Its main projects include:
general Proth prime search
321 Prime Search (searching for primes of the form , also called Thabit primes of the second kind)
27121 Prime Search (searching for primes of the form and )
Cullen prime search (searching for primes of the form )
Sierpinski problem (and their prime and extended generalizations) – searching for primes of the form where k is in this list:
k ∈ {21181, 22699, 24737, 55459, 67607, 79309, 79817, 91549, 99739, 131179, 152267, 156511, 163187, 200749, 209611, 222113, 225931, 227723, 229673, 237019, 238411}
As of June 2022, the largest Proth primes discovered are:
Uses
Small Proth primes (less than 10200) have been used in constructing prime ladders, sequences of prime numbers such that each term is "close" (within about 1011) to the previous one. Such ladders have been used to empirically verify prime-related conjectures. For example, Goldbach's weak conjecture was verified in 2008 up to 8.875 × 1030 using prime ladders constructed from Proth primes. (The conjecture was later proved by Harald Helfgott.)
Also, Proth primes can optimize den Boer reduction between the Diffie-Hellman problem and the Discrete logarithm problem. The prime number 55 × 2286 + 1 has been used in this way.
As Proth primes have simple binary representations, they have also been used in fast modular reduction without the need for pre-computation, for example by Microsoft.
References
Classes of prime numbers
Lieutenant Colonel Charles Kochersperger (18261867) was a Union Army officer with the 71st Pennsylvania Infantry Volunteers Regiment. They were the unit's second-in-command at the 1863 Battle of Gettysburg and its commander at the 1864 Battle of the Wilderness.
Kochersperger was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on February 8, 1826, the eldest son of Charles Kochersperger by their wife Jane, McDonnell. They were married there on July 4, 1849, to Sarah Ann Bozorth of the same place.
In 1855, they purchased a private mail delivery company, Blood's Penny Post, which issued its own postage stamps and competed directly with the United States Postal Service. It would eventually be shut down by a Supreme Court of the United States decision.
In 1861, they enlisted with the 71st Pennsylvania Volunteers Regiment. They rose to second-in-command by Gettysburg and full command for the Wilderness, where they were severely wounded. Kochersperger died from the long-term effects of their war wounds in Philadelphia on December 27, 1867, and was buried on Dec. 29 at the city's Odd Fellows Cemetery, now defunct.
Their widow survived them by 45 years, dying in Darby, Pennsylvania, on April 14, 1912.
References
National Archives and Records Administration [NARA], Washington DC, Civil War Pension records, file No. 160962, 141514
Pickett's Charge. The Last attack at Gettysburg, by Earl J. Hess, 2001 University of North Carolina Press
Philadelphia History, volume 2, by S. P. Wetherill [Mrs.], Philadelphia 1916, page 233
Annals of Philadelphia and Pennsylvania, by John Fanning Watson, Willis Pope Hazard, Philadelphia 1891, page 477
The Museum, by Edwin Atlee Berber, Philadelphia 1885, page 10
http://www.kochersperger-genealogie.de
1826 births
1867 deaths
Military personnel from Philadelphia
People of Pennsylvania in the American Civil War
Union Army officers
Burials in Pennsylvania
Bashevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 50 as of 2002.
Geography
Bashevskaya is located 31 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Nikiforovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The golden-winged sunbird (Drepanorhynchus reichenowi) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae. Three subspecies are recognised.
It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Tanzania, and Uganda.
Description
The male golden-winged sunbird is about 9 in (23 cm) long and the female is about 6 in (15 cm) long, the male having long central tail feathers. Yellow-edged feathers in the wings and tail are key identification pointers in all plumages of both the male and female. Body feathers of the male in breeding condition are a conspicuous metallic reddish-copper colour, which are mostly replaced by dull-black feathers in the non-breeding condition. The underparts of the male are brownish-black. The female is olive above and yellowish below. Immature are similar to females, except their underparts are darker.
Taxonomy
German naturalist Gustav Fischer described the golden-winged sunbird in 1884, its species name honouring Anton Reichenow. It is classified as the only species in the genus Drepanorhynchus or sometimes in the genus Nectarinia.
Three subspecies are recognised. The nominate subspecies is found in southern and western Uganda into Kenya (including Mt Kilimanjaro) and Tanzania, subspecies lathburyi is smaller and its plumage has a more red-metallic sheen and is found in more montane regions of Kenya from 1700 to 2300 m, and subspecies shellyae is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo above 2100 m. Females of this subspecies have a grey rather than green crown.
Distribution and habitat
The golden-winged sunbird is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Tanzania, and Uganda, between altitudes of 1170 and 2300 m. It is found in forest verges and clearings, in cultivated areas, bamboo forest and tall grassland. The species is locally nomadic, following food supply.
Behaviour
Feeding
Golden-winged sunbirds consume the nectar from flowers of the mint Leonotis nepetifolia flowers as their main food source, but they also feed infrequently on other flower species: Aloe graminicola and Leonotis mollissima during the breeding season, and also Crotalaria species including C. agatiflora, Erythrina abyssinica, Fuchsia species, Ipomoea batatas, Jacaranda mimosifolia, Phragmanthera dschallensis and other pea species. The golden-winged sunbird also eats insects such as beetles, flies, ants, bees and wasps and various larvae.
Territorial birds, golden-winged sunbirds defend patches of Leonotis nepetifolia flowers outside the breeding season in Kenya. This species flowers in July when little else is in flower. The concept of economic defendability, in which the defence of a resource has costs (such as energy expenditure and risk of injury) and benefits (priority access to the resource), explains the territorial behavior that golden-winged sunbirds exhibit.
Field studies in Kenya show that the sunbirds live in the highland areas in a geographical distribution similar to that of Leonotis. They are active during the daytime and spend their time sitting on perches, fighting for territorial defence, or foraging for nectar. The energetic costs of each activity the sunbirds exhibit during the day has been calculated. When the daily costs are compared to the extra nectar gained by defending a territory, territorial birds make a net energetic profit. Field studies show that territorial birds need to spend less time per day foraging to meet their daily energy requirements when the flowers contain more nectar. By defending a territory a bird excludes other nectar consumers and, therefore, increases the amount of nectar available in each flower. Sunbirds satisfy their energy demands more rapidly, saving foraging time and allowing them to spend the spare time sitting on perches, which is less energetically expensive than foraging. This saving has to be weighed against the cost of defence, so if there is more than enough nectar in the flowers then it is easier just to share the nectar with other birds. When there is a minimal amount of nectar, possibly due to a bad season, the birds increase their territoriality, except when the nectar levels are too low to support cost of defence.
Usually territories involve only a single resident individual. Occasionally, a female can coexist with a male on a large territory and participate in its defence. Such sharing may relate to a complex prolonged pattern of pair formation. Feeding territories may be defended by all age and sex classes of the golden-winged sunbirds, including juveniles. The birds defend their territories both intra-specifically and inter-specifically against all sunbird species in the area. The success of the defence depends in part on the dominance relationships of the intruding individual, where persistent individuals of larger bird species such as the bronzy sunbird may feed successfully. Territory sizes vary greatly, ranging from 6.7 to 2300 m2, but each territory contains about the same number of flowers.
Sometimes, when a female golden-winged sunbird intrudes on a bronzy sunbird's territory, it performs a begging display by quivering its wings and spreading its tail. This causes the bronzy sunbird to tolerate the foraging of the golden-winged sunbird in its territory. Female sunbirds spread their feet apart on the stalk of a Leonotis plant and turn their bodies 90° to the stalk and fan their tail feathers to varying degrees.
Status
The golden-winged sunbird has a large range and its total population has not been estimated; however, it is not thought to be endangered and it is evaluated as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List.
References
golden-winged sunbird
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Birds of East Africa
golden-winged sunbird
golden-winged sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Yengijeh () may refer to various places in Iran:
Yengijeh, Azarshahr, East Azerbaijan Province
Yengijeh, Maragheh, East Azerbaijan Province
Yengijeh, Hamadan
Yengijeh, Kermanshah
Yengijeh, Kurdistan
Yengijeh, Razavi Khorasan
Yengijeh, West Azerbaijan
Yengijeh, Shahin Dezh, West Azerbaijan Province
Yangijeh, Urmia, West Azerbaijan Province
Yengijeh, Zanjan
Yengijeh, Mahneshan, Zanjan Province
See also
Yengejeh (disambiguation)
Yenkejeh (disambiguation)
The povit, or county (), was a historical territorial-administrative and judicial unit in Ukraine, administrered by a starosta.
Counties were introduced in Ukrainian territories under Poland in the second half of the 14th century.
They were introduced in the eighteenth century in the Cossack State by the judicial reforms of Hetman Kyrylo Rozumovskyi –while the system of Cossack regiments and companies remained in use as well (see Cossack host) – and they became administrative and financial entities in 1782. Under the Russian Empire, counties were also introduced in Sloboda Ukraine, Southern Ukraine, and Right-Bank Ukraine.
In 1913, there were 126 counties in Ukrainian-inhabited territories of the Russian Empire. Under the Austrian Empire in 1914, there were 59 counties in Ukrainian-inhabited Galicia, 34 in Transcarpathia, and 10 in Bukovina. Counties were retained by the independent Ukrainian People's Republic of 1917–1921, and in Czechoslovakia, Poland, and Romania until the Soviet annexations at the start of World War II. 99 counties formed the Ukrainian SSR in 1919, where they were abolished in 1923–25 in favour of 53 okruhas (in turn replaced by oblasts in 1930–32), although they existed in the Zakarpattia Oblast until 1953.
References
Geography of Ukraine
Wildsteig is a municipality in the Weilheim-Schongau district, in Bavaria, Germany.
References
Weilheim-Schongau
Ballynacally () is a village and townland situated southwest of Ennis, on the R473 coast road to Kilrush in the civil parish of Kilchreest, County Clare, Ireland. It lies near the bank of the River Shannon.
History
Ballynacally derives from Baile na Caillí. This means "the nun's land", because it belonged to the nuns of Killone Convent. It is home to many historical structures and monuments. The area is known to have been visited by St.Brendan and St. Senan who established monasteries in the islands. The Vikings looted the churches while travelling up the Shannon to Limerick. During the Norman period nuns occupied the Kilchreest area, and Norman castles were erected at Dangan, Ballycorick, and Cragbrien.
The ruins of the Dangan tower still remain.
Ballynacally was a former parish. Samuel Lewis's ''County Clare: A History and Topography (1837) mentioned that the villagers produced corn, butter, pork, and other agricultural produce which was loaded into boats in the quay and taken along the river to Limerick, and that limestone and sea manure were produced for the community. They also mentioned that Ballynacally held several cattle fairs throughout the year. In 1841 the townland had an area of 12 acres and a population of 194 people living in 29 houses. In the 19th century, the village developed a reputation for its fine "faction fighters" (see bataireacht), who possessed a "superior skill with the stick".
Professor Thomas Rice Henn in the mid 20th century described Ballynacally as "a straggling village, with its one street and five public houses, crossing a bridge over a lesser stream" in their memoirs The Five Arches.
Geography
Ballynacally is situated southwest of Ennis, on the R473 coast road to Kilrush in the parish of Kilchreest, County Clare. It lies near the bank of the River Shannon. To the north, Ballycorick Creek flows into the Shannon. Ballynacally is bordered by the townlands of Carrowkilla to the north, Knocksaggart to the northeast, Rosscliff to the east, Ballynagard to the south, Cloonnakilla to the west, and Ardnagla to the northwest.
The village lies in the civil parish of Kilchreest
The Roman Catholic parish of Ballynacally (Clondegad) encompasses Ballynacally, Lissycasey and Ballycorick, and is part of the Diocese of Killaloe
See also
List of towns and villages in Ireland
References
External links
Official site
Towns and villages in County Clare
Townlands of County Clare
Leonard Louis Hill (22 November 1886 – 21 July 1963) was an Australian politician and member of the Country Party.
They were the Member for the Electoral district of Albany, in Western Australia, from 1936 to 1956.
References
Black, David; Prescott, Valerie (1997). Election statistics, Legislative Assembly of Western Australia, 1890–1996. Perth: Parliamentary History Project. .
Hughes, Colin A.; Graham, B. D. (1976). Voting for the South Australian, Western Australian and Tasmanian Lower Houses, 1890–1964. Canberra: Australian National University. .
1886 births
1963 deaths
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
20th-century Australian politicians
People from Albury, New South Wales
Scopula micrata is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found on Haiti.
References
Moths described in 1858
micrata
Moths of the Caribbean
The Gaon Album Chart is a South Korean record chart that ranks the best-selling albums and EPs in South Korea. It is part of the Gaon Music Chart, which launched in February 2010. The data is compiled by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism and the Korea Music Content Industry Association based upon weekly/monthly physical album sales by six major South Korean distributors: Kakao M, SM Entertainment, Sony Music Korea, Warner Music Korea, Universal Music and Stone Music Entertainment.
Weekly charts
Monthly charts
References
External links
Current Gaon Album Chart
2021
Korea, South albums
2021 in South Korean music
Nelnet, Inc., is a United States-based conglomerate that deals in the administration and repayment of student loans and education financial services. The company is headquartered in Lincoln, Nebraska.
The company provides a range of products through its subsidiaries, which includes customer service for student loan borrowers, technology related to student loan customer service, outsourcing services for guaranty agencies, tuition payment plans, education planning, enrollment-related services and higher education planning tools.
On February 7, 2018, Nelnet completed its acquisition of Great Lakes Educational Loan Services, Inc. The combined company is the largest servicer of student loans in the United States, with $397 billion in loans, or around 42% of all student loans in the United States.
History
Nelnet was founded in 1996 by Mike Dunlap and Steve Butterfield. In March 2000, Nelnet bought UNIPAC Service Corporation, an existing loan servicing company which was founded in 1978 and based in Denver, Colorado. As a subsidiary, UNIPAC Service Corporation was then renamed Nelnet Loan Services, Inc. In June 2000, Nelnet acquired In Tuition, Inc. a loan servicing company based in Jacksonville, Florida which was founded in 1979.
Nelnet became a publicly traded company in 2003, at which point the two founders were co-CEOs. In August 2003, the parent company was renamed from Nelnet Loan Services, Inc. to simply Nelnet, Inc. The Initial public offering occurred on August 19, 2003, for $200 million. Steve Butterfield stepped down as CEO in 2007.
Nelnet owns over 50 subsidiaries that administer and collect student loans throughout the United States and Canada, such as inTuition, infiNET, LoanSTAR, and TriCura Canada, Inc. Also through their subsidy, FACTS Management they own Ren Web, a school management program.
One of their lobbyists is Clark Lytle Geduldig & Cranford.
Lines of business
Nelnet Diversified Services (NDS)
Provides customer service for student loan borrowers, technology related to student loan customer service, and outsourcing services for guaranty agencies.
One of the main NDS lines of business is Proxy, a business process outsourcing company based in Lincoln, Nebraska and Aurora, Colorado.
NDS companies also include Nelnet Loan Servicing, Great Lakes Educational Loan Services, Inc., First mark Services, Grant Pro, Responsible Repay, and Campus Guard.
Nelnet Enrollment Services (NES)
Provides education planning and enrollment-related services that give parents, students, and schools access to online educational resources and higher education planning tools.
Through NES, students can search for colleges and graduate schools, learn about admissions, find scholarships, prepare for tests, and more. In addition, NES helps colleges and universities recruit prospective students with interactive marketing strategies, enabling them to reach their enrollment goals.
NES includes Peterson's Interactive, Peterson's Publishing, EssayEdge, and Government Services.
NES used to include Spark room until January 31, 2016. As of February 1, 2016, Digital Media Solutions, DMS, bought Spark room from Nelnet.
Nelnet Business Services (NBS)
Provides tuition payment plans, donor services, and financial aid services to families with students attending private and faith-based K-12 schools, as well as for colleges and universities.
NBS includes FACTS Management, Nelnet Business Solutions, and Payment Spring (PS).
FACTS Management
FACTS Management bought out Ren Web in June 2014. Ren Web is a provider of an online school management program, which is mostly used in the private school market at over 3500 schools.
Other subsidiaries
Resume Edge, which includes Resume Builder, offers professional resume writing, tools, and resources.
Total Well-Being provides services that motivate organizations' employees to achieve health & wellness goals.
Total Well-Being Strive is an online fitness and wellness tracker created in-house at Nelnet and launched in early 2014. With the ability to be tailored to customer's needs, Total Well-Being Strive tracks nutrition and fitness while providing challenges to encourage employees to adopt a lifestyle of wellness.
Health Education Solutions, an expert online certification course provider in the health education field, offers advanced cardiac life support (ACLS) and pediatric advanced life support (PALS) training and certification according to the latest American Heart Association guidelines.
Allo Communications, a fiber optic cable and internet service provider headquartered in Imperial, Nebraska.
Nelnet also invests in a number of startup companies, including Hudl, Nebraska Global, Eye Verify, Travefy, and Mind Mixer.
Controversies
In February 2007, New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo launched an investigation into alleged deceptive lending practices by student loan providers, including The College Board, EduCap, Nelnet, Citibank, and Sallie Mae.
The New York Times reported in August 2007 that Jon Bruning, Nebraska Attorney General, allowed Nelnet to be forgiven the $1 million settlement the company reached with Bruning in April 2007. Nelnet was accused of industry wide kickbacks, improper inducements, and gifts from student loan providers to colleges and universities. Nelnet agreed to provide $1 million to the state in support of a national financial aid awareness campaign. Bruning decided in August 2007 to forgive Nelnet its $1 million obligation after the company announced that it had reached a separate $2 million settlement with New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo.
Nelnet has also made significant financial contributions to the United States congressional campaigns, including a contribution from Nelnet and Union Bank & Trust Company of $16,100 to Jon Bruning, Nebraska Attorney General, for their Senate election campaign. Nelnet spent approximately $200,000.00 in the 2015-2016 Election Cycle, per Federal Election Commission Records and have already spent an approximate $60,000 for the 2017-2018 Election Cycle.
A United States Department of Education audit revealed that from 1993 to 2007, Nelnet had utilized a loophole in federal tax legislation that allowed the company to receive a higher interest rate on specified loans, generating $278 million from taxpayers. Nelnet disputed the findings of the audit through a letter written to the United States Department of Education letting them know of this loophole, and ultimately, U.S. Department of Education ruled that Nelnet would keep the $278 million.
The Chronicle of Higher Education reported in August 2010, that Nelnet settled a case for $55 million. The suit was filed by a former Department of Education researcher named Dr. Jon Oberg. Nelnet and other lenders were accused of defrauding taxpayers of billions of dollars in student loan subsidies. The largest student lender in the country, Sallie Mae, is also listed as a defendant in the case. Oberg's suit ultimately led to taxpayer funds being returned by seven of the nine companies Oberg sued.
References
External links
Nelnet letters to the Letter to Nebraska Attorney General
Allo Communications Website
PaymentSpring, a Nelnet company
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange
United States federal student loan servicers
Companies based in Lincoln, Nebraska
1996 establishments in Nebraska
Education finance in the United States
Platonovka () is the name of several rural localities in Russia.
Modern localities
Platonovka, Kursk Oblast, a khutor in Shevelevsky Selsoviet of Oboyansky District of Kursk Oblast
Platonovka, Novosibirsk Oblast, a village in Tatarsky District of Novosibirsk Oblast
Platonovka, Omsk Oblast, a village in Cherlaksky Rural Okrug of Novovarshavsky District of Omsk Oblast
Platonovka, Rostov Oblast, a khutor in Otradovskoye Rural Settlement of Azovsky District of Rostov Oblast
Platonovka, Samara Oblast, a selo in Shigonsky District of Samara Oblast
Platonovka, Tambov Oblast, a selo in Platonovsky Selsoviet of Rasskazovsky District of Tambov Oblast
Platonovka, Republic of Tatarstan, a village in Arsky District of the Republic of Tatarstan
Platonovka, Tula Oblast, a village in Kruglikovsky Rural Okrug of Yefremovsky District of Tula Oblast
Platonovka, Voronezh Oblast, a village in Tambovskoye Rural Settlement of Ternovsky District of Voronezh Oblast
Historical localities
Platonovka, Arkhangelsk Governorate, a colony included in Alexandrovskaya Volost of Alexandrovsky Uyezd of Arkhangelsk Governorate of the Russian SFSR upon its establishment in 1920
Charles John Mare (1815 – 8 February 1898) was a British Conservative politician, and shipbuilder.
Family
In 1844, Mare married Mary ńee Rolt, daughter of Conservative MP for Greenwich (1852–1857) Peter Rolt, and they had at least two sons, Charles J. and John.
Shipbuilding
Born in Staffordshire, Mare travelled to London where they started training to be a solicitor in Doctors' Commons but, upon their father's death in 1835, they leased the family home in Cheshire to form shipbuilding firm Ditchburn and Mare with Thomas J. Ditchburn on the Thames. They established a yard at Dudman's Creek, Deptford where they started building iron ships.
In 1838, their yard was completely destroyed by fire. It was suspected arson by rival wooden shipbuilders. They moved the business to the Orchard House Yard, Canning Town, taking over the premises of the recently bankrupt firm of William and Benjamin Wallis.
After Ditchburn's retirement in 1846, Mare continued to run the firm, and expanded the company on the west side of Bow Creek, before dissolving the partnership in 1847. The following year, they were accused in court of threatening Ditchburn but the accusations also went the other way and the case was dismissed.
In 1855, Mare found themselves in financial difficulties due to several government contracts. It culminated in Mare declaring insolvency, Mare's father-in-law took over the firm and renamed it Thames Ironworks and Shipbuilding Co.
Following the bankruptcy, Mare managed the shipbuilding company belonging to W. & H. Pitcher at Northfleet until it also failed in 1857. By 1859 they had found sufficient backing to re-establish himself, this time as C.J. Mare and Co, Millwall.
Mare's business expanded and, in 1861 they took over the part of Napier's yard which John Scott Russell had unsuccessfully used to attempt to re-establish their own shipbuilding enterprise. It remained in Mare's name until being bought out by Overend, Gurney and Company in 1862.
Subsequently they did not thrive financially, was bankrupted again in 1874 and died destitute in Stepney.
Political career
Mare was first elected Conservative MP for Plymouth in 1852, but was the next year unseated for bribery and corruption during the election campaign.
References
External links
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1852–1857
1815 births
1898 deaths
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Plymouth
Mount Tholus () is the highest mountain, 825 m, in the ridge extending southwest from Postern Gap in the central part of Joinville Island. Surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1953-54 and named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1956. The name is descriptive, "tholus" being a circular, domed structure.
Mountains of Graham Land
Landforms of the Joinville Island group
Carenum breviforme is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Henry Walter Bates in 1874.
References
breviforme
Beetles described in 1874
Tye Leung Schulze (August 24, 1887 – March 10, 1972) became the first Chinese American woman to vote in the United States when they cast a ballot in San Francisco on May 19, 1912. They also became the first Chinese American woman to pass the civil service exams and to occupy a government job. The San Francisco Call stated that they were "the first Chinese woman in the history of the world to exercise the electoral franchise." Schulze was also the first Chinese woman hired to work at Angel Island.  They are a designated Women's History Month Honoree by the National Women's History Project.
Employment
In 1901, Leung was saved from an arranged marriage to an older Montana man by Donaldina Cameron, who led the Presbyterian Mission Home in San Francisco. At the Mission, Leung learned to speak English, converted to Christianity, and helped Cameron and local police rescue Chinese slaves and prostitutes from brothels. They also served as an interpreter for the Mission. They interpreted for girls from Chinatown in the courts, thus becoming widely respected in local courts. Leung worked for the Mission Home for about nine years, and developed a close relationship with Cameron. Cameron nicknamed them “Tiny” because Leung stood a little over four feet tall. In 1910, when the Angel Island immigration station opened, Cameron recommended Leung to take a job at the Angel Island Immigration Station as an interpreter for Chinese immigrants.
Leung was the first Chinese American to pass the civil service examinations and they were hired to work as an assistant to the matron at the Angel Island Immigration Station. The matron who received their commission from Washington D.C. previously came from the Immigration Bureau on Ellis Island. Leung was also the first Chinese woman to be appointed by the federal government. At Angel Island, they would work with Chinese immigrants who were detained for physical examinations and interrogation upon their arrival. When interviewed about their experience working at Angel Island, Leung said:
“Dull?—never. Always sitting there listening to my countrymen. I listen for little scraps about the great new movement over the sea, that is setting them free over there as I have been set free here.”
After losing their job at Angel Island due to their marriage with Charles Schulze, Leung spent many years providing interpretation and social services to San Francisco's Chinatown residents. For a year, they worked at the Chinese Tea Garden. They served as an administrative clerk, bookkeeper, and social worker at the San Francisco Chinese Hospital to support their family. Beginning in 1926 for 20 years, Leung went to work as a night-shift PBX operator for the Pacific Telephone's China Exchange in Chinatown, a higher-class job for women at the time. They facilitated the lives of many Chinese Americans by connecting them with lawyers, courts, and immigration services. As a telephone operator, they had to memorize telephone numbers for everyone and every store in Chinatown. They became respected across Chinatown for their skills and connections in assisting Chinese Americans. Leung's son, Fred, recalled that “she was always asked to interpret. GI brides, immigration, court cases. They never refused to help.”
In 1946, Leung was hired by the Immigration Office to work as an interpreter for a year. Since the War Brides Act of 1945 was enacted, lifting the temporary ban on Asian immigration, many Chinese wives were joining their husbands in the United States, creating the need for translators.
For members of the Chinese community in San Francisco, Leung also offered their translation services. These translations helped to make them a community fixture.
Suffrage work
In May of 1912, Leung was the first Chinese woman to vote in a presidential primary election. Leung who was in their early twenties, may have also been the first Chinese woman worldwide to cast a vote. At the time of their vote, they were still living and working for the Presbyterian Mission House, which is known as the Cameron House today. Leung voted at a polling place at Powell and Pacific streets in San Francisco. After voting the San Francisco Examiner called the vote "the last word in the modern movement for the complete enfranchisement of women...It was the latest achievement in the great American work of amalgamating and lifting up all the races of the earth."
The San Francisco Examiner stated that Leung was “altogether familiar with the political issues involved in the primary presidential election.” Leung was interviewed about their experience with their first vote:
"My first vote? – Oh, yes, I thought long over that. I studied; I read about all your men who wished to be president. I learned about the new laws. I wanted to KNOW what was right, not to act blindly...I think it right we should all try to learn, not vote blindly, since we have been given this right to say which man we think is the greatest...I think too that we women are more careful than the men. We want to do our whole duty more. I do not think it is just the newness that makes use like that. It is conscience."
In 1911, the year before Leung cast their first vote, California became the sixth state to pass laws that granted equal suffrage, after Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, Idaho, and Washington. California's suffrage laws were passed nearly a decade before the ratification of the Nineteenth Amendment in 1920
Marriage
While working at Angel Island they met immigration inspector Charles Frederick Schulze. Schulze was Caucasian and the intermarriage of Chinese and white Americans was illegal as a result of California's anti-miscegenation laws in 1913. As a result, the couple went to Vancouver, Washington to be legally married. They were married in October 1913. The couple's families, however, did not approve of their marriage. After the marriage the couple came back to California, but both lost their government jobs due to racial prejudice. They had four children: Frederick, Theodore, Louise, and Donaldina.
After losing their job, Schulze went to work shortly as a special patrol officer and street-car motorman. They then worked for the Southern Pacific Company as an "inspector of office machines", and then as a superintendent of service for the Columbia Gramaphone Company. Schulze passed away in 1935.
Other Social Activism
When abortion was illegal, 61-year-old Leung, along with four others, were arrested for their roles in what was believed to be a statewide abortion ring. Leung was tipped off by a San Francisco girl who was flown to Los Angeles for an abortion that cost $400. Following an investigation and trial, charges against Leung were dropped in December 1948.
Personal life
Tye Leung was born on August 24th in San Francisco, California in 1887. They were the youngest of five sisters and two brothers to Chinese immigrants from the Guangdong province. Them father was a Chinese cobbler, earning $20 a month, while their mother ran a boarding house. Leung's family of ten and a few other relatives lived in a cramped two-room apartment on Ross Alley in San Francisco's Chinatown. Leung was sent to Presbyterian school to learn English, and was often taken to church meetings, which were their earliest exposures to Christianity.
When they were nine, Leung was sent by their mother to work as a “servant” in another household, not realizing that they had been sold to another family. Leung's uncle, who realized their situation, consulted Leung's school teachers who arranged for them to return home. Later as a teenager they were placed in an arranged marriage to a man from Butte, Montana. Leung's older sister, who was originally to be married to the man, had escaped the marriage by running away with their boyfriend. As a result, their parents intended for Leung to marry the same man. At 14 they were saved from the arranged marriage by Donaldina Cameron of the Presbyterian Mission Home.
When pinball machines were introduced to Chinatown in the 1930s, Leung built a reputation for themselves locally as a pinball wizard. They were famously photographed in a Studebaker. Many compared Leung to Sun Yat-sen, who also embraced democracy and had an affinity for Studebaker convertibles. Leung passed at the age of 84 in San Francisco on March 10, 1972.
Legacy
Leung was recognized for their contributions to women's history in 1987 in the San Bernardino Sun newspaper. In October 2011 the story of Tye Leung Schulze was told through a play starring actor Lily Tung.
Further reading
Yung, Judy. Unbound Voices: A Documentary History of Chinese Women in San Francisco. Berkeley: University of California Press (1999).
References
1887 births
1972 deaths
American Presbyterians
Chinese-American history
Interpreters
People from San Francisco
American people of Chinese descent
American suffragists
Aicha Elbasri is a writer and former United Nations official.  They are the author of L'Imaginaire carcéral de Jean Genet, a book on Jean Genet, a prominent, controversial French writer and later political activist. They were previously the Spokesperson for the African Union – United Nations hybrid peacekeeping mission in Darfur, UNAMID.
Early life and education
Elbasri was born in Casablanca, Morocco, and is a citizen of the United States. They received their early education in Casablanca and later earned their master's degree in the French Literature Department of l' Université Hassan II. They moved to France in 1989 to pursue doctoral studies in the area of poetics of imagination. In 1996, they earned their PhD from l'Université de Savoie with a thesis on prison writings in Jean Genet's novels, which they later extended into a book titled L'Imaginaire carcéral de Jean Genet.
As part of their postdoctoral research, Elbasri was a member of Le Centre de Recherche Imaginaire et Création of l'Université de Savoie between 1996 and 1998, the year they left France for the United States. Elbasri also contributed articles to various newspapers and magazines in the US, UK, France and the Arab region.
United Nations career
Between 2000 and 2014, Elbasri held a range of press and communication posts at the United Nations, serving the world organization in Sudan, Iraq, Jordan, Egypt, and New York Headquarters.
Blowing the whistle on the U.N.'s cover-up in Darfur
While posted in Darfur between 2012 and 2013 as the Spokesperson for UNAMID, the U.N.'s largest peacekeeping mission at the time, Elbasri witnessed what they claim was the U.N.'s deliberate and systematic cover-up of what may well amount to crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur. This includes the ethnic cleansing of the non-Arab populations and the systematic attacks against the peacekeepers by the Sudanese government forces, as well as the attacks on civilians by rebel factions. They resigned in protest and sought an internal investigation through different U.N. channels.
As the U.N. declined to investigate, Elbasri decided to put the matter in the hands of the public. They leaked thousands of secret diplomatic cables, police reports, military investigations and emails to Foreign Policy magazine. The magazine ran a three-part series based on their disclosure that it considered as “the largest single leak of internal documents on an active U.N. mission in the world body's history.” 1
Elbasri describes their Darfur experience as an Orwellian one:
“When I first set foot in Darfur on 16 August 2012 to serve as the spokesperson for UNAMID, little did I know that I had entered George Orwell's world. The daily talk about peacekeeping, the protection of civilians and the peace process turned out to be a smokescreen that served to perpetuate crimes against humanity, protect war criminals and delay a meaningful peace agreement. I discovered a web of omissions, half-truths and lies that I had to reveal to the world, whatever the price.”
In an unprecedented move, the International Criminal Court called on the UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to investigate these grave accusations. Ban did not agree to an independent investigation, launching instead an internal review that Elbasri decried as “partial, biased and secretive.” The subsequent report found, however, five instances in which UNAMID stonewalled the media and withheld from U.N. Headquarters critical evidence indicating the culpability of Sudanese government forces in crimes against civilians and peacekeepers, keeping the Security Council in the dark.
According to media reports, Britain, France and the US sought U.N. action against senior officials from UNAMID who failed to report crimes by Sudanese forces. However, the U.N. failed to hold the Mission leadership to account.
Beyond their criticism of UNAMID, Elbasri decries that U.N. peacekeeping missions in Africa and the Middle East are failing civilians, bolstering failed states and turning into what they call “warkeeping operations.”
Elbasri continues working to halt the withdrawal of UNAMID troops from Darfur; stop continued ethnic cleansing in the region; and encourage the international community to seek a new approach to peace in Darfur and other parts of Sudan.
References
Moroccan emigrants to the United States
American whistleblowers
American officials of the United Nations
People from Casablanca
Université Savoie-Mont Blanc alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Syncordulia venator is a species of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae. This was first described by Barnard in 1933. Syncordulia venator belongs to the genus Syncordulia, and family Corduliidae. The IUCN classifies the species as vulnerable.
References
Odonata of Africa
Insects of South Africa
Corduliidae
Nowmiri (, also Romanized as Nowmīrī) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 264, in 67 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Xi Hydrae, Latinised from ξ Hydrae, is a solitary star in the equatorial constellation of Hydra. It was also given the Flamsteed designation 19 Crateris. This magnitude 3.54 star is situated 130 light-years from Earth and has a radius about 10 times that of the Sun. It is radiating 58 times as much luminosity as the Sun.
Flamsteed gave Xi Hydrae the designation 19 Crateris. They included a number of stars now within the IAU boundaries of Hydra as part of a Hydra & Crater constellation overlapping parts of both modern constellations.
The star Xi Hydrae is particularly interested in the field of asteroseismology since it shows solar-like oscillations. Multiple frequency oscillations are found with periods between 2.0 and 5.5 hours.
Xi Hydrae has left the main sequence, having exhausted the supply of hydrogen in its core. Its spectrum is that of a red giant. Modelling its physical properties against theoretical evolutionary tracks shows that it has just reached the foot of the red giant branch for a star with an initial mass around . This puts its age at about .
References
External links
Wisky.org Star Catalogue
ESO Article: The Ultrabass Sounds of the Giant Star Xi Hya.
Listen to Xi Hya (wav).
Hydrae, Xi
Hydra (constellation)
Hydrae, 288
100407
056343
4450
Crateris, 19
Durchmusterung objects
G-type giants
Thames is an electoral ward of the Borough of Reading, in the English county of Berkshire. It includes areas on both sides of both the River Thames and the River Kennet, to the north and east of the centre of Reading on the south bank, and to the east of the centre of Caversham on the north bank. It should not be confused with the ward of the same name that existed prior to the 2022 Reading Borough Council election, with which it has no area in common.
From the north-west in clockwise order, Thames Ward is bounded by the River Thames, Caversham Bridge, Abbotsmead Place, School Lane, and Gosbrook Road, including, in places, properties on both sides of the road. The ward boundary then loops to the east of Deans Farm, before following the River Thames again as far as Kennet Mouth, from where it proceeds up the River Kennet. It then cuts south through New Town to the Kings Road, which it follows to Forbury Road and the Vastern Road railway bridge. It then follows the Great Western Main Line as far as Cow Lane, which it follows back to the Thames. The ward shares borders with Caversham Heights, Caversham, Park, Redlands, Abbey and Battle wards of the Borough of Reading, along with the civil parish of Eye and Dunsden in Oxfordshire, and with the civil parish of Earley in the Borough of Wokingham.
As with all Reading wards, the ward elects three councillors to Reading Borough Council. Elections are generally held by thirds, with elections in three years out of four, although the 2022 elections were for all councillors due to the boundary changes. The ward councillors are currently Adele Barnett-Ward, Richard Davies and Nusrat Sultan, all of whom are members of the Labour Party.
The ward includes stretches of both the River Thames and River Kennet, with serval riverine islands including Pipers Island, Fry's Island and View Island, and several riverside parks including Thameside Promenade, Christchurch Meadows, Hills Meadow and Kings Meadow. The main campus of Reading College is also within the ward.
References
Wards of Reading
Gol Qandasht () is a village in Ghazali Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 483, in 120 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Lipi may refer to:
People
Bruno Lipi (born 1994), Albanian football player
Syeda Zakia Noor Lipi, Bangladesh politician
Tayeba Begum Lipi (born 1969), Bangladeshi artist
Places
Lipí (České Budějovice District), Czech Republic
Other
LIPI, the Indonesian Institute of Sciences
Lipi (script)
Chester Lloyd "Chet" Orloff (born February 22, 1949) is a historian, writer and professor in Portland, Oregon, called "one of [Oregon's] favorite history teachers" by The Oregonian.
Early life
Orloff was born in Bellingham, Washington to business financier Monford Orloff and Janice Diamond Orloff, and raised in Washington and Portland, Oregon. Their brother is physicist Jon Orloff. Orloff attended Lincoln High School, went to Boston University to prepare for law school, then transferred to the University of Oregon where they ran under legendary track coach Bill Bowerman. Orloff studied anthropology at University of Oregon, graduating in 1972 with a degree in archaeology. Orloff later received a master's degree in history and historical agency administration from Portland State University.
Career
Orloff enlisted in the Peace Corps and lived and taught in Afghanistan with their wife until 1975. They returned to Portland where they interned at the Oregon Historical Society (OHS), then became assistant director from 1982 to 1986. In 1987 they left OHS and founded the Ninth Judicial Circuit Historical Society in Pasadena, California. In 1991, they returned to OHS as executive director, succeeding Bill Tramposch. They held this position for ten years, retiring at the end of 2000. Orloff was the founder and editor of the journal Western Legal History and was the Senior Editor of the Oregon Historical Quarterly.
In 2001, Orloff assembled a Columbia River maritime museum in a concourse at the Portland International Airport. It was "98 percent complete" as of the September 11 attacks, which limited visitors to ticketed passengers.
Orloff is an adjunct professor of Urban Studies and Planning at Portland State University and an instructor at the University of Oregon School of Architecture.  They are also principal of Oregon History Works, a consulting firm for historical applications in design and development, president of Museum of the City and has served on the Portland Planning Commission, Portland Landmarks Commission, Regional Arts and Culture Counsel, Portland Parks Board, Center City 2035 Plan Committee, (co-chair), and other various assignments.
Selected publications
Author/editor
Western Legal History Volume 2, Number 2, Chet Orloff, editor, 1989, Ninth Judicial Circuit Historical Society
Portland's Public Art: A Guide and History, Norma Catherine Gleason and Chet Orloff, 1986,
Willamette Heights: a history, 1980
Gifts that preserve Oregon's past for the future, 1980
Chapter and article contributions
Museums of Cities and the Future of Cities, in Robert R. Macdonald's City Museums and City Development, 2008,
If Zealously Promoted by All: The Push and Pull of Portland Parks History, in The Portland Edge: Challenges and Successes In Growing Communities, 2008, Connie Ozawa, editor,
Maintaining Eden: John Charles Olmsted and the Portland Park System, in Yearbook of the Association of Pacific Coast Geographers 66, 2004
Personal life
Orloff lives in the Willamette Heights area of Portland.  They are vocal about Portland history and politics.
References
1949 births
21st-century American historians
21st-century American male writers
Boston University Terriers men's track and field athletes
Lincoln High School (Portland, Oregon) alumni
Living people
Oregon Ducks men's track and field athletes
Writers from Bellingham, Washington
Writers from Portland, Oregon
Portland State University faculty
Historians from Washington (state)
American male non-fiction writers
This is a List of the USA Cup Winners. The USA Cup is an annual floorball open event. Floorball is a type of floor hockey first played in the late 1960s.
See also
USA Cup (floorball)
Canada Cup (floorball)
Czech Open (floorball)
List of Czech Open winners
External links
USA Cup Website
Floorball in the United States
Floorball competitions
Plocamium cartilagineum is a medium-sized red marine alga.
Description
Plocamium cartilagineum is an erect red alga growing to 10 cm in length. The main axes are flattened with regular flattened branches on both sides. The branches are long and short alternately, the short ones on one side are opposite the longer on the other side. These longer branches bear two or three short curved branches in series, comb-like. The plants are fully corticated. This branching pattern is similar to Plocamium lyngyanum and Plocamium maggsiae the other European species which have only recently been distinguished.
Habitat
Common on rock in the lower littoral and deeper to 30.
Reproduction
The plants are dioecious. The male structures are microscopic. The female cystocarps grow to 1 mm in diameter and are on the margins of the frond. The spermatangia are within the youngest branches in sori. The tetrasporangia are microscopic.
Distribution
Common all around the British Isles including Shetland and Channel Islands.Faeroes and Norway to Senegal, Mediterranean and Canary Isles.
References
Florideophyceae
Dezq (; also known as Daraq) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 467, in 154 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Adventist Health Bakersfield is a 254-bed hospital in Bakersfield and serving Kern County, California. The medical campus is part of Adventist Health and previously was called San Joaquin Community Hospital.
History
Margaret Quinn and Mary O'Donnell arrived in Bakersfield, California in 1905 to take up nursing duties at the St. Clair Hospital. Both were connected to the Order of the Sisters of Mercy and were trained as nurses. They saw a great need for an additional institution to care for the sick and injured in the area. Although both had a $500 nest egg, more funds were needed.
Miss Quinn — the business person of the two — acquired a $6,000 donation from their family in the east and convinced two area businesses to co-sign a loan with them and Miss O'Donnel. Mr. Sol Mack, manager of the Bank of Bakersfield, co-signed for $5,000 and Mr. J. A. Huges, owner of the Huges Drug Store, co-signed for $2,500. Ms. Cora St. Clair also co-signed for an amount of $2,500. A quarter block site on 27th and Eye St. was purchased. Here is a three-story building that would house 26 patients was constructed and named San Joaquin Hospital. Their first patient was admitted on October 6, 1910.
Miss Quinn took the responsibility of paying off the hospital's debt, buying additional land and enlarging the hospital. They doubled the size of the hospital by adding a new surgery, men's ward, women's ward and a kitchen.
In 1914, Miss Quinn bought out Miss O'Donnell and assumed duties of business manager, supervisor of nursing, surgery supervisor, anesthetist and laboratory technician. In 1920, they decided to sell SJCH due to their failing health. The hospital was incorporated and sold in equal shares to Drs. G.C. Sabichi, N.N. Brown, William P. Scott, George Buchner and F.A. Hamlin. Joseph Smith, MD later purchased the hospital and in 1964, requested that the Seventh-day Adventist Church manage the hospital. In August 1987, San Joaquin Hospital joined Adventist Health. Around this same time, the hospital added "Community" to its name.
In May 2007, San Joaquin Community Hospital (SJCH) opened a much-needed 130,000 sq, ft. patient tower. This five-story tower expanded its ICU, Emergency Center, and operating areas providing easier access with a new patient drop-off and loading area, tripled the size of the Maternity Care Center, and added a 9-bed Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. When the new tower was completed, the existing tower began being renovated to create private rooms for patients as well as meet the new seismic regulations.
The new tower provided SJCH with the resources to offer new services previously unavailable in Kern County. These services include opening the first Nationally Certified Stroke Center in the county in May 2008. To earn this distinction, SJCH's Stroke Center underwent an extensive, on-site evaluation by a team of The Joint Commission reviewers. The program was evaluated against The Joint Commission standards through an assessment of the program's processes, ability to evaluate and improve care within its own organization, and interviews with patients and staff.
The success of the Stroke Center became evident in late 2008 when the American Stroke Association presented SJCH with the Get With The Guidelines–Stroke(GWTG–Stroke) Bronze Performance Achievement Award, in 2009 with the Silver Plus Achievement Award, and in 2010 with both the Gold Silver Performance Achievement Award and Gold Silver Plus Performance Achievement Award. To achieve the Gold Award, the Stroke Center had to reach 85 percent or higher adherence to all stroke performance achievement indicators for at least 12 months. By achieving this standard, and having a compliance of 75 percent in at least six of 10 additional stroke quality measures during the same period, SJCH achieved the Plus Award. In 2013, the Stroke Center was awarded Target: Stroke Honor Roll status for reducing the time between hospital arrival and treatment. The award recognizes SJCH's commitment and success in implementing a higher standard of stroke care by ensuring that stroke patients receive treatment according to nationally accepted standards and recommendations, making it a Primary Stroke Receiving Center.
Seeing a need for highly specialized burn services in our community, in 2008 SJCH made the announcement of a new partnership that would bring the Grossman Burn Centers (GBC) to Bakersfield. In June 2009, The Aera Burn Clinic (outpatient) of the Grossman Burn Center at SJCH opened; in September 2010, the inpatient ICU opened. With 41 percent of patients being children, the majority have been under the age of five, and most suffered from a scald injury occurring in the home.
In 2009, SJCH received accreditation from The Society of Chest Pain Centers as a Nationally Accredited Chest Pain Center. SJCH became the only hospital between Los Angeles and San Francisco to house a Nationally Certified Stroke Center and a Nationally Accredited Chest Pain Center under the same roof. In 2013, SJCH received the American Heart Association's Mission: Lifeline® Heart Attack Receiving Center Accreditation, as the first hospital in Kern County and the second in the state of California to be given this distinction. This means that the hospital met quality care measures for patients experiencing the most severe type of heart attacks, in which blood flow is completely blocked to a portion of the heart.
In late 2010, SJCH announced the purchase of Quest Imaging, an outpatient radiology facility providing Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), Computed Tomography, Nuclear Medicine, Mammography and other imaging services. Quest Imaging originally was founded in 2002 by Dr. Donald Cornforth and Dr. Donald Fitzgerald, who perceived the need for a new outpatient center based on assessment of quality imaging services at that time and the continued, as well as projected, growth of the community. Slated to open in late 2014, a second Quest Imaging center will be opening in the heart of downtown Bakersfield. The center will be a comprehensive imaging facility, housing a breast center and all-digital services.
SJCH expanded its medical campus in May 2013, opening The AIS Cancer Center and Outpatient Surgery Center, directly across the street from the main hospital. The AIS Cancer Center includes radiation and medical oncology, a Varian trueBEAM Linear Accelerator with RapidArch technology, and is affiliated with the UC Davis Comprehensive Cancer Center.
Sharlet Briggs was named president and CEO of SJCH in November, 2016.
On July 5, 2017, San Joaquin Community Hospital officially changed its name to Adventist Health Bakersfield.
See also
List of Seventh-day Adventist hospitals
References
Hospital buildings completed in 1910
Hospitals in Kern County, California
Adventist Health
Buildings and structures in Bakersfield, California
Morrissey, born Steven Patrick Morrissey, English singer-songwriter and former lead singer of The Smiths
Morrissey may also refer to:
Morrissey (surname)
Other uses
Morrissey–Mullen, British jazz-rock fusion band
Effie M. Morrissey, 1890s American schooner
Morrissey Hearing, legal proceeding, much less formal than a trial, used in the United States to handle parole violations
Morrissey Hall (University of Notre Dame)
Morrissey Provincial Park, British Columbia
See also
Morisset (disambiguation)
Justice Knight may refer to:
Jesse Knight (judge), associate justice of the Wyoming Supreme Court
Samuel Knight (judge), associate justice of the Vermont Supreme Court
See also
Knight of Justice, member of the first of the three classes the Sovereign Military Order of Malta
Fairness or being fair can refer to:
Justice
The character in the award-nominated musical comedy A Theory of Justice: The Musical.
Equity (law), a legal principle allowing for the use of discretion and fairness when applying justice
Social justice, equality and solidarity in a society
Distributive justice, the perceived appropriateness of the distribution of goods, benefits, and other outcomes in a society, group, or organization (see also: teleology)
Procedural justice, the perceived appropriateness of rules or procedures used to allocate goods, benefits, and other outcomes (see also: deontology)
Interactional justice, the perceived appropriateness of interpersonal treatment
Environmental justice, the perceived appropriateness of the use or treatment of the environment or people via the environment, typically as a function of interpersonal or international relations
Fairness measure, metrics to quantify the fair distribution of resources
Perceptions associated with the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex and superior temporal sulcus brain regions, in the case of procedural justice, and the anterior cingulate cortex, anterior insula, and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, in the case of distributive justice
Fairness, absence of bias in specific realms:
In American broadcasting, presentation of controversies in accord with the Fairness Doctrine.
In computer science, fairness is a property of unbounded nondeterminism.
In computer science, and specifically in machine learning, fairness is a desirable property of algorithms to avoid bias.
In network engineering, access to resources formally rated by a fairness measure
In game theory, abstract principles for achieving fair division
In economics, relation among economic factors where price matches fair value that is (not only bias-free but also) rational
Fairness of human pigmentation, relatively light coloring, especially of skin
Beauty, the original meaning of the word
Being fair, property of motion of a batted baseball that qualifies it as a fair ball
Sportsmanship
Banty is an unincorporated community in Bryan County, Oklahoma, United States.
It is five miles north of Bennington and had a post office from July 31, 1901 to July 5, 1949. At the time of its founding, Banty was located in Blue County, Choctaw Nation.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bryan County, Oklahoma
Unincorporated communities in Oklahoma
Warren Mears is a fictional character that is portrayed by Adam Busch in the American television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. The character also appears in canonical comic book series continuation of that series.  They are the main antagonist in season six, until Willow turns to their dark side and kills him.
Characterization
Actor Adam Busch claims that they do not see Warren as simply a villain or purely evil person. They explain that the character has various flaws and positives, and is always given the chance to redeem himself. "He's always given that moment where they can do the right thing that they never ever does," says Busch. "Because they are flawed and they do have a lot of issues and an inability to communicate or talk to anyone or really explain what it is that they want." Writer Jane Espenson draws comparisons between the characters of Buffy and Warren, claiming, "When Buffy's talking with Warren about their break-up with April, she's actually identifying with him, because they did a lot of the same stuff with Riley that they did with April."
Warren forms alliances with Andrew Wells, summoner of demons; and Jonathan Levinson, caster of spells. Together, the three are known as "The Trio." The Trio strive to neutralize Buffy, the Slayer, and thus the primary obstacle to their ultimate goal of taking over Sunnydale. Though initially comic relief and little more than a nuisance to the Scooby Gang, they take a darker turn by the episode "Dead Things". Most of their schemes combine science and mysticism, and they are able to avoid detection by the Scoobies (who merely assume their activities to be the doings of demons) until halfway through the season.
Appearances
Warren has made 31 canonical Buffyverse appearances.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Adam Busch guest starred as Warren in 16 episodes:
Season 5 (2001): "I Was Made to Love You", "Intervention"
Season 6 (2001-02): "Flooded", "Life Serial", "Smashed", "Gone", "Dead Things", "Normal Again", "Entropy", "Seeing Red", "Villains"
Season 7 (2002-03): "Lessons", "Conversations with Dead People", "Never Leave Me", "The Killer in Me", "Storyteller"
Warren appeared in 15 issues:
Season 8 (2007-10): "The Long Way Home, Parts 3 & 4", "Time of Your Life, Parts 1 & 4", "Retreat, Parts 1, 2 & 5", "Twilight, Parts 1-4", "Last Gleaming, Parts 1, 3 & 4", "Always Darkest"
See also
List of Buffyverse villains and supernatural beings
References
American male characters in television
Buffy the Vampire Slayer characters
Fictional inventors
Fictional murdered people
Fictional murderers
Fictional private military members
Fictional roboticists
Television characters introduced in 2001
sv:Buffy och vampyrerna#Warren Mears
St. Xavier's Technical Institute (founded in 1937) is an electronics school in Mumbai, India. It is part of the Jesuit family of schools and began operations on the premises of St. Xavier's College, Mumbai. It was transferred to its own building in Mahim in June 1969. It was previously known as the Abdulla Fazalbhoy Technical Institute for Radio and Cinema.
Facilities
The Institute is a Tele Learning Centre of the Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) for the Bachelor of Information Technology and Advanced Diploma in Information Technology. This centre has a direct satellite link to receive the live video broadcast of the lectures with an audio link to New Delhi for students' questions on the spot. The Institute provides facilities for professional and specialised training in electronics. The areas covered are Radio, Television, Video, Marine Electronics and Communications, Radar, Digital Electronics, Microprocessors, and Computer Software and Hardware. Developing "Thinking Skills" and "Personality Development" are required subjects for the Institute's full-time diplomas.
From June 1994, St. Xavier's has been granted academic autonomy by the Government of Maharashtra. This means that the Institute conducts its own Diploma examinations which are recognised by Government as equivalent to those of the Board of Technical Education, Maharashtra. St. Xavier's Technical Institute has set up a Software Development Centre. In 1999 the Directorate of Technical Education of Maharashtra State commissioned St. Xavier's to set up an electronic network of 46 technical institutions across the state. This included the Directorate itself, the Directorate of Industry-Institute Co-ordination, the Board of Technical Education, and 43 other Institutions in the State. The project was funded by the World Bank.
The Institute's Marine Department has been awarded ISO 9001:2000 quality certification.
A separate project has been started for the computerisation of the Maharashtra State Board of Technical Education which controls technical examinations in the state. The project was awarded to St. Xavier's Technical Institute. A second project for the computerisation of Holy Family Hospital and Research Centre and the new Holy Family Heart Institute with facilities like MRI and CAT SCAN has been awarded to the Institute.
The State Board of Technical Education has awarded the Institute a project to provide an on-line examination for the government employee confirmatory test. This project includes the development of the Question Bank for the examination.
Courses offered
Diploma in Electronics & Tele-Communications Engineering (DETE)
Diploma in Marine Engineering
See also
List of Jesuit sites
Footnotes
Jesuit universities and colleges in India
Universities and colleges in Mumbai
Educational institutions established in 1937
1937 establishments in India
"Hey What Now!" is a song by Australian pub rock band the Cockroaches. It was released in July 1988 as the lead single from the band's second studio album Fingertips. The song peaked at number 28 in Australia.
Track listing
7" single (K 533)'
Side A "Hey What Now!"
Side B "Marie"
12" single (X 13327)/ CD Maxi'
Side A "Hey What Now!" (Extended Hey, Hey mix)
Side B1 "Hey What Now!" (LP Version)
Side B2 "Hey What Now!" (991/2 Dub mix)
Side B3 "Marie"
Charts
References
1988 singles
1988 songs
Mushroom Records singles
The Cockroaches songs
Macomia District is a district of Cabo Delgado Province in northern Mozambique. It covers 4,252 km² with 91,033 inhabitants.
External links
Government profile
Districts in Cabo Delgado Province
The Woosung railway (Chinese: s , t , p Wúsōng Tiělù) was a 19th-century, narrow-gauge passenger railway in Shanghai, China, between the outskirts of the American Concession in the modern city's Zhabei District and Wusong in Baoshan District. Surreptitiously conceived and constructed, it ran for less than a year before it was purchased and dismantled by the Qing viceroy Shen Pao-chen. The line would not be rebuilt for twenty years. This fate was a commonly invoked symbol of the Qing dynasty's backwardness and insularity, despite the road's admitted illegality and numerous legitimate objections voiced by the Chinese during its construction and operation.
Its routestill primarily rural as late as the turn of the centurynow forms part of the Shanghai Metro's elevated Line 3.
History
Background
Following the success of the first British railroads and the concessions to foreign traders following the 1842 Treaty of Nanking ending the First Opium War, European and American diplomats and merchants began to advocate for the development of railroads within China. The British firm Jardine, Matheson, & Company in particular started to champion rail connections from the interior to Canton, Shanghai, and Tianjin as early as 1845. MacDonald Stephenson, the engineer responsible for the East Indian Railway, attempted to interest the imperial government in rail links from Hong Kong and Shanghai to Calcutta through Hankow and Yunnan in 1859 and again in 1864. These proposals were rejected even by the foreign-led Hong Kong Chamber of Commerce, which thought it might impact established shipping. A request of 20 July 1863 by 27 firms for a Shanghai-to-Suzhou line was similarly rejected by the governor of Jiangsu Li Hongzhang and in 1865 by the Shanghai taotai Ying Pao-shih, who composed an influential treatise, "The 7 Nos", on the occasion.
However, in 1864, American Chinese began to be employed by the Central Pacific Railroad and by March 1865 the company was recruiting thousands of workers directly from Guangdong Province. The well-liked inspector general Robert Hart and the British minister Sir Thomas Wade made strenuous cases for the adoption of western technology in 1865, cases that were picked up first by Shanghainese merchants and then by the Imperial bureaucracy itself in a heated debate from 1866 to 1867, which ultimately decided to continue opposition to foreign-controlled rail.
Objections raised then and subsequently included that lines would facilitate foreign interference withand invasions ofthe interior, that railways' straight lines promoted bad feng shui, that their presence would antagonize the official and peasant classes, and that their competition would destroy the livelihood of porters and ferrymen along the canals, leading them to banditry. Whereas canals assisted irrigation along their routes and could not be stolen, railways would inevitably occupy and pollute arable land and invite theft. Even supporters of railways insisted that it was essential to keep any lines Chinese-controlled and to oppose foreign ones.
Construction
Nonetheless, officials at Shanghai were repeatedly troubled about constructing a railway between the city and a Yangtze port, as the mouth of the Suzhou Creek continued to silt up, obstructing deep-bottomed foreign vessels. Jardine, Matheson, & Co. initially established the Woosung Road Company as a front with a 200-share issue in 1865. Distributing shares to local business people did not succeed in winning official approval and land purchases were far more expensive than expected. The company stopped work in 1867.
The surreptitious construction by the Danish Great Northern Telegraph Company of a riverine line connecting the Hong Kong–Wusong telegraph lines to Shanghai in 1870 and its eventual protection by local authorities against theft and disruption in the summer of 1872 suggested a course forward.
In the winter of 1872–1873, the American vice-consul O.B. Bradford began purchasing and leasing a 15-yard (14 m) –wide strip of land within the American Concession, although it was common knowledgeboth among the Shanghailanders and the local Shanghainesethe ultimate intention would be conversion to rail. As the construction of a Chinese railway was a clear violation of Article VIII of the 1868 Burlingame Treaty, American interests in the enterprise were sold to Jardine's Woosung Road Company, which extended the Danish telegraph from Wusong south to Shanghai along its right-of-way on 12August 1873. The revived company was led by Jardine's British Shanghai chief F.B. Johnson, the Americans Augustus Hayes of Olyphant & Co. and Frank Forbes of Russell & Co., the British E. Iveson of Iveson & Co., and the Danish G.H.N. Dreyer of the Great Northern. Concurrently with this revival, the Woosung Tramway Company was established separately to manage purchases and planning for the railway. A third company, the Woosung Railway Company, Limited, was incorporated in London on July 28, 1874, to raise capital for imported British rails and rolling stock, which arrived on December 18, 1875.
Even before realizing a railway was intended, the regional viceroy Shen Pao-chen noticed that public land at Wusong had been fraudulently sold to the "road" and demanded its repurchase and a ban on any road crossing the Wenzaobang to enter Wusong proper. Their subsequent discovery that its conversion to rail had been previously mooted and was known to Feng Chun-kuang, the Shanghai taotai, only increased their annoyance.
The British engineer Gabriel J. Morrison hammered in the first spike on 20 January 1876. The Pioneer ran its first trials on about a mile of track on February 14. Within a week, the Shanghai taotai Feng Chün-kuang had written a protest to the British consul Walter H. Medhurst. After consultation, they agreed that the Chinese would permit construction to continue so long as the British ceased to employ the locomotive and that both would seek further instruction from their superiors. Upon being notified of the railway, Shen Pao-chen ordered the taotai to suspend all work: this failed, but workmen, dibaos, and landowners came under such pressure that the company considered the agreement vitiated and restored the locomotive on March 20. Wade ordered the British naval commander to Shanghai and provided for protection against any local interference against the workmen.
The British secretary W.F. Mayers met with the Shanghai taotai six times in mid-April concerning a Chinese purchase of the railway; both concurred in principle but differed on how long Jardine's would continue its management role. Mayers demanded eight years, Feng would only permit three. Adamant objection from Wu Yuan-ping, the new governor of Jiangsu, ended these negotiations.
Operation
The first engine was the Ransomes & Rapier 0-4-0 Pioneer. On June 12, the 0-6-0 Celestial Empire set the line's record, reaching 25 mph.
On June 30, 1876, the line was completed as far as Jiangwan. After two days of complimentary and publicity runs for Shanghailanders and local business people, this section was opened to passenger traffic on July 3. Over the next month, receipts averaged $40–60 a day. Business was brisk enough to necessitate adding an extra round trip to the original six on July 22.
On August 3, a local man was killed and Chinese troops from the Wusong garrison were stationed along the railway. The train driver David Banks was charged with manslaughter, but tried in a Western tribunal and acquitted on the grounds that the train had sounded and the suspicion the victim had been a suicide. Given the existing tensions, Thomas Wade used the Margary Affair and the ensuing negotiations over the Chefoo Convention to include advisors from the more conciliatory Li Hongzhang, since promoted to the prestigious viceroyalty of Zhili, into the negotiations in Shanghai and Nanjing. These lasted throughout October, but on the 24th, the Qing government signed with Wade "The Articles of Purchasing the Wusong Railway", which committed them to provide the railway's owners Tls. 285,000, payable in three installments over the course of the next year, at which point they would acquire complete ownership and management of the line. Jardine's agreed to sell in the interest of establishing a native rail network it could supply and help capitalize. At then-current exchange rates, this was equivalent to a £95,000 return on a £20,000 investment. Although Wade had originally only asked for Tls. 200,000, Shen initially offered to pay Tls. 300,000 within 24 hours simply to take immediate possession of the line before another incident.
Meanwhile, the company continued work on the line. On December 1, 1876, the extension to Wusong was completed and opened, with six cars running six round trips daily. By February, demand was great enough to increase the number of cars to nine, necessitating the use of dual locomotives on each run. At this point, the train had 130 seats and would sometimes carry 250 on festivals. In its year of service, the Woosung Road carried 187,876 passengers, the majority of whom preferred the relatively expensive first- and second-class service. The company posted profits of £27 per mile per week, comparable with British routes. Local Shanghainese entrepreneurs even established a pony-drawn bus servicewith both its bus and uniforms modeled on the railroad'sfrom the Little East Gate of the old town.
Closure
The profit of the line made the British expectant of continued Chinese operation: in April, they engaged their foreign employees to another 18 months of service and, in September, ordered a fourth and larger locomotive. The railway's chief engineer, Morrison, even visited the officials at Suzhou to discuss construction of an extension for the line. A local petition was circulated among the Shanghainese requesting its continued operation.
However, as the foreigners made clear among themselves and to the Chinese, they intended to convert the railway to a freight line, competing with the China Merchants' Steam Navigation Company and forcing the issue of opening Wusong as a continuation of their concessions at Shanghai. Although the line's initial five freight cars were converted to passenger use in May 1876, twelve 5 ton–capacity replacements were delivered from Britain shortly later. The foreign diplomats also made no secret of their intention to expand concessions regarding Shanghai into its adjoining territory. During their negotiations over the line, the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin".
Moreover, the importance of the line to the foreigners had already allowed Li Hongzheng to interfere with and even usurp Shen's authority within Jiangsu as a corollary to their authority over treaty negotiations. The line's purchases and operation increased property values, but divided farms and obstructed existing streams and canals with low bridges.
The Chinese authorities took possession of the line in October, 1877, after which Shen had the railway disassembled. They answered the local pro-railroad petition with another which opposed it. At the same time, they also blocked French attempts to open a new road to Zikawei and British ones to extend Markham Road and Cemetery Road. Shanghailanders complained of the closure incessantly, including in the North-China Herald's obituary of Shen. The annoyance was compounded when the initial planto ship the rails and rolling stock to Qing Taiwan to help develop the coal mines therefailed to materialize on account of mishandling during shipment and lack of funds. Instead the equipment was dumped along the shore and left to rust.
Memorials
The Woosung railway's path now forms the stretch of the Shanghai Metro's elevated Line 3 between its Baoshan Road and Zhanghuabang stations. The Shanghai Railway Museum includes original Chinese-language memorials concerning the railway and a full-scale mock-up of the Pioneer.
Named locomotives
Pioneer (0-4-0)
Celestial Empire (0-6-0)
Flowery Land (0-6-0)
Viceroy (0-6-0)
See also
History of rail transport in China
History of Shanghai
Kaiping Tramway
List of railways in China
Further reading
"EARLY CHINESE NARROW-GAUGE RAILWAYS" by Peter Crush (柯睿思) and Baiyu Shang (尚白宇) (downloaded 03.02.2022). A series of research articles on the "researchgate.net" academic website about narrow gauge railways built in China during the Qing Dynasty and the early 20th Century. Full texts are available for download from the links.
Notes
References
Railway lines in China
Rail transport in Shanghai
History of rail transport in China
1870s in China
History of Shanghai
2 ft 6 in gauge railways in China
Mount Fortune is a summit in Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada.
Mount Fortune was named in tribute to , a British warship.
References
Two-thousanders of Alberta
Mountains of Banff National Park
Henry Edward Denison Hammond (26 November 1866 – 16 June 1910) was an English footballer who played as a right back. Hammond played club football for Oxford University and earned one cap for the national team in 1889. After their football career ended, Hammond became a folk music historian.
References
External links
1866 births
1910 deaths
English footballers
England international footballers
People educated at Lancing College
Alumni of Corpus Christi College, Oxford
Oxford University A.F.C. players
Association football fullbacks
The Australian Women's Ice Hockey League (AWIHL) is top-tier women's ice hockey league in Australia. This league represents the highest level of national competition for women's hockey and is currently represented in five states: South Australia, Queensland, New South Wales, Western Australia and Victoria. The Joan McKowen Memorial Trophy is awarded annually to the league playoff champion at the end of each season. The current champions are the Sydney Sirens. They defeated the Adelaide Rush 3–0 in the 2019 Championship on 2 February 2020.
History
Beginning
Showcase Series
In 2005, the probability of establishing a national women's ice hockey league was discussed by the National Women's Council. Due to large costs to players to participate in such a league, an alternative proposal for a much shorter Showcase Series was passed around for consideration to begin in the 2006 season. The Series would see four teams competing in mini-tournaments during February to June. Each round robin style tournament would occur over a weekend and throughout the Showcase Series period between February to June, each team would travel twice and host the tournament once. The first Showcase series was planned in February 2006 for Newcastle, New South Wales. The second series would be in March 2006 in Bendigo, Victoria, the third would occur in April 2006 in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory. In May, the series would be held in Adelaide, South Australia, and in June the fifth series would take place in Brisbane, Queensland. At this time, a full season would follow in November 2006 and stretch over into summer 2007.
The first Showcase Series proved to be successful where, in each mini-series, three teams would play each other twice in a round robin style tournament. Five clubs ended up being involved in the Showcase Series which consisted of five mini-tournaments held on a weekend each month in a different city.
The Showcase Series returned for a second season in October 2006, and ran until February 2007. A national women's league did not start in November 2006, as previously hoped. In this second season four mini-series were held, one weekend mini tournament was played each month between only four teams representing Canberra, Australian Capital Territory, Brisbane, Queensland, Adelaide, South Australia and Sydney. The purpose of the Showcase Series continued to be as a precursor to a national women's league that was being actively planned.
Forming the AWIHL
The official formation of the Australian Women's Ice Hockey League (AWIHL) was in 2007, following the two seasons of "Showcase Series" that were held in 2006 and 2007.
The Australian Women's Ice Hockey League is recognised by Ice Hockey Australia (IHA) as the premier senior women's national ice hockey competition.
The league conducted its inaugural season with four teams: Adelaide Assassins, Brisbane Goannas, Melbourne Dragons, and Sydney Sirens. The team that won the finals series at the end of each season became the AWIHL champions and were presented a perpetual trophy that was donated by Westlakes Trophies and Framing and was called the West Lakes Trophy.
Joan McKowen Memorial Trophy
From the 2010–2011 season onward, the Joan McKowen Memorial Trophy has been presented to the Australian Women's Ice Hockey League finals championship team. The winning team is awarded a "keeper" trophy, rather than the original.
West Lakes Trophy
The West Lakes Trophy was formerly the Trophy awarded to the champions of the finals series in the AWIHL. From the 2010–2011 seasons onwards, with the introduction of the Joan McKowen trophy, the West Lakes Trophy became the trophy awarded to the minor premiers for the AWIHL and current remains so. The minor premiers are the team that finish first place at the end of the regular season.
Logo change
In October 2010, the Australian Women's Ice Hockey League conducted a competition to replace the original league logo with a new one. The competition closed 1 December 2010, and the original logo was replaced by the current one.
Teams
There are Currently 5 teams in the AWIHL, representing the Australian cities Brisbane, Melbourne, Perth, Adelaide and Sydney.
It is anticipated that the league will grow to six or seven teams in the future. It has been speculated that New Zealand may join the league in the upcoming years.
Team history
Adelaide Rush
Starting their time in the Australian Women's Ice Hockey League as the Adelaide Assassins, the team began by winning the finals championship for the first 5 years in a row. The Assassins were renamed the Adelaide Adrenaline when they became part of the existing club that had a men's team in the national competition, the Australian Ice Hockey League in the 2011–2012 season. At the beginning of the 2016 season, the Adelaide Adrenaline were renamed the Adelaide Rush.
Brisbane Goannas
Queensland is represented by the Brisbane Goannas in the Australian Women's Ice Hockey League.
Melbourne Ice
Victoria was originally represented by the Melbourne Dragons in the Australian Women's Ice Hockey League up until 2010, when they began playing under (trading as) the Melbourne Ice. Continuing to run as a separate Club under their own Committee they share their name with one of Melbourne's national men's teams in the Australian Ice Hockey League, operating under an MOU with support and guidance from Melbourne Ice. From 2010, the Melbourne Ice home stadium was the Medibank Icehouse, which was renamed as of 1 September 2015, the O'Brien Group Arena.
Sydney Sirens
The Sydney Sirens were one of the four founding teams in the Australian Women's Ice Hockey League and represent New South Wales. From 2011 to 2013 the Sydney Sirens were known as the North Star Sirens but reverted to their original name which they currently use.
Perth Inferno
In July 2018 it was announced that a fifth team would be joining the AWIHL, the Perth Inferno.
Season structure
The regular season in the Australian Women's Ice Hockey League runs from October to March and in season 2018–19 it will consist of 30 regular season games plus 4 games at Finals. Each team will play 12 regular season games and the top four teams head to the finals weekend. In addition to the top players from across Australia, each team is allowed a maximum of four imports on their roster with two eligible to play in any one game. In the 2018–19 season the AWIHL will be the first National competition under Ice Hockey Australia to play the regulation three 20-minute stop time periods.
Champions
2006 – Adelaide Assassins
2007 – Adelaide Assassins
2008 – Adelaide Assassins
2009 – Adelaide Assassins
2010 – Adelaide Assassins
2011 – Melbourne Ice
2012 – Adelaide Adrenaline
2013 – Melbourne Ice
2014 – Melbourne Ice
2015 – Melbourne Ice
2016 – Melbourne Ice
2017 – Sydney Sirens
2018 – Melbourne Ice
2019 – Melbourne Ice
2020 – Sydney Sirens
Individual Awards
Season 2017–18
Highest Point Scorer: Jessica Pinkerton, Melbourne Ice
Best Forward: Ashley Pelkey, Adelaide Rush
Best Defense: Erin Beaver, Sydney Sirens
Best Goalie: Keesha Aitkins, Adelaide Rush
Nellie Gee Rookie of the Year: Marnie Pullin, Melbourne Ice
Skaters Network Player of the Year: Stephanie Cochrane
Season 2018–19
Highest Point Scorer: Christina Julien, Melbourne Ice
Best Forward: Christina Julien, Melbourne Ice
Best Defense: Amelia Matheson, Sydney Sirens
Best Goalie: Sera Dogramaci, Sydney Sirens
Nellie Gee Rookie of the Year: Olivia Last, Sydney Sirens
Skaters Network Player of the Year: Sharna Godfrey, Sydney Sirens
Season 2019–20
Highest Point Scorer: Kayla Nielsen, Sydney Sirens
Best Forward: Kayla Nielsen, Sydney Sirens
Best Defense: Sarah Edney, Sydney Sirens
Best Goalie: Michelle Coonan, Adelaide Rush
Nellie Gee Rookie of the Year: Courtney Mahoney, Brisbane Goannas
Skaters Network Player of the Year: Natasha Farrier, Adelaide Rush
See also
Ice Hockey Australia
Joan McKowen Memorial Trophy
Australian Ice Hockey League
Australian Junior Ice Hockey League
Jim Brown Trophy
Goodall Cup
References
External links
Australian Women's Hockey League official site
Adelaide Rush official site
Brisbane Goannas official site
Melbourne Ice official Site
Sydney Sirens official Site
Women's ice hockey leagues
Lea
Sport leagues established in 2006
Ice Hockey
Ice hockey competitions in Australia
Professional ice hockey leagues in Australia
Marian Dziędziel (born 5 August 1947) is a Polish actor. They received three Polish Academy Awards for Best Actor nominations and won once for their role in The Wedding (2004). In their career spanning half a century, Dziędziel has appeared in more than one hundred films and television series.
Selected filmography
References
External links
1947 births
Living people
Polish male film actors
Polish male television actors
Polish male stage actors
People from Wodzisław County
Recipients of the Order of Polonia Restituta
In C. S. Lewis' Chronicles of Narnia fictional series, Rilian (2325-?) is the son of King Caspian and the grandson of Ramandu the star. Rilian appears in two of the seven books, The Silver Chair and briefly in The Last Battle.
Biographical summary
In The Silver Chair
When Eustace Scrubb and Jill Pole arrive in Narnia in The Silver Chair, Prince Rilian (the only son of the now elderly King Caspian) has been missing for ten years. After their mother was bitten and killed by a green serpent, Rilian revisited the area of their mother's death many times to track down and kill the serpent, but eventually they vanished and no trace of them was ever found. Since then, many others also went missing while searching for him.
When Eustace and Jill reach Cair Paravel, they learn that Caspian has embarked on a voyage to "see again the places of their youth" – but many believe that they have gone to ask Aslan who the next King of Narnia should be, as they fear they will never see their son again.
Eustace and Jill meet Puddleglum, a marsh-wiggle, and the three seek Rilian to the north in the land of giants. Along the way they encounter the Lady of the Green Kirtle and their silent companion, a knight in black armour. Eventually they find their way underground to the Shallow Lands ruled by the Lady of the Green Kirtle, where they meet the black knight again. They tell the three that they suffer from nightly psychotic episodes and therefore must be bound every night to a silver chair. If they are released, they warn, they will kill everyone within sight, and turn into a deadly green serpent.
Once the knight is tied to the enchanted chair, however, they regain their memory and sanity. They order the companions to untie them and makes increasingly violent threats. Eventually they beg them to release them in the name of Aslan. The children recognise this as the sign: they had promised to obey the request of one who asks in Aslan's name, so they reluctantly release him. After destroying the chair with their sword, they then reveals that they are Prince Rilian, and informs them of how the Lady kept them prisoner underground, enchanted by day and returning to sanity only at night. They hack the silver chair to pieces with theirs sword.
The Lady returns and attempts to bewitch the four companions. When this fails, they transform into a green serpent, and Rilian realizes that they have been enslaved all these years by their mother's murderer. They kill the serpent and return to Narnia, where Rilian meets their father just before the old king dies. They then ascends to the Narnian throne.
In The Last Battle
At the beginning of The Last Battle, which follows next chronologically, Rilian had been dead for more than 200 years. Eustace and Jill help their descendant Tirian, the last king of Narnia. Rilian appears briefly alongside their father and mother at the great reunion at the end of the book.
Lewis never mentions the name of Rilian's wife or that of their child or children, although they clearly married and had at least one child, as King Tirian is the great-grandson of Rilian's own great-grandson.
Portrayals
In the 1990 television serial produced by the BBC, The Silver Chair, Prince Rilian was played by Richard Henders. Since they are shown in a flashback early in the story when the owls tell Eustace and Jill their story, they appear wearing a silver mask when the children encounter them underground, in order to conceal their identity from the viewer. Their excuse for wearing the mask is that the Green Lady told them they were enchanted to look hideous and must hide their "ugly" face with a mask. After they regain their sanity, they take off the mask to reveal their identity.
References
The Chronicles of Narnia characters
Literary characters introduced in 1953
Kings and Queens of Narnia
Fictional princes
Fictional kings
In Greek mythology, Gortys (Ancient Greek: Γόρτυνα) may refer to the following Arcadian princes:
Gortys, son of King Tegeates of Tegea and Maera, daughter of the Titan Atlas. They were the brother of Scephrus, Leimon, Archedius, and Cydon. Together with the last two brothers, they migrated to Crete on their own free will and that after them were named the cities Cydonia, Gortyna and Catreus. In some accounts, Gortys was called the son of Rhadamanthys, son of Europa and Zeus.
Gortys, founder of the city Gortys in Arcadia on a river which was also called after him. They were son of King Stymphalus and brother of Agamedes.
Notes
References
Pausanias, Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias, Graeciae Descriptio. 3 vols. Leipzig, Teubner. 1903. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Princes in Greek mythology
Cretan characters in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Arcadian mythology
Tegea
Jake Ruby (born 4 June 2000) is a Canadian professional soccer player who plays as a full-back for HFX Wanderers.
Early life
Ruby was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, and grew up in the suburb of North Vancouver. They played youth soccer with Mountain United before joining the academy of Major League Soccer side Vancouver Whitecaps FC in 2016.
Club career
Early career
On 30 April 2020, Ruby signed with USL League Two side Victoria Highlanders, making nine appearances that season. That fall they began attending Trinity Western University, where they scored three goals in seventeen appearances in varsity play.
HFX Wanderers
In November 2019, Ruby was selected 14th overall by HFX Wanderers in the 2019 CPL–U Sports Draft. On 31 July 2020, Ruby signed with Halifax. They made their debut on August 15 against Pacific FC. In January 2022, the Wanderers announced they had triggered Ruby's contract option, keeping them at the club through the 2022 season.
International career
In October 2016, Ruby participated in a Canadian under-17 team camp in Vaughan and a month later played in a friendly series with the team in Jamaica. They were subsequently called up for the 2017 CONCACAF U-17 Championship, where they appeared in all three matches as Canada were eliminated in the group stage.
Honours
HFX Wanderers
Canadian Premier League
Runners-up: 2020
References
External links
Canada Soccer profile
2000 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Canadian soccer players
Soccer players from Vancouver
Vancouver Whitecaps FC players
Trinity Western Spartans soccer players
Victoria Highlanders players
HFX Wanderers FC draft picks
HFX Wanderers FC players
USL League Two players
Canadian Premier League players
Canada men's youth international soccer players
Sportspeople from North Vancouver
Exochellidae is a family of bryozoans belonging to the order Cheilostomatida.
Genera:
Escharoides Milne Edwards, 1836
Exochella Jullien, 1888
References
Bryozoan families
The Rio Suno antwren (Myrmotherula sunensis) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is found in western Brazil Colombia, Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
Rio Suno antwren
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Rio Suno antwren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Theodor Rock is a rock approximately midway between Annenkov Island and Pickersgill Islands, off the south coast of South Georgia. Charted by DI personnel in 1930 and named for Theodor Hansen, gunner on the Southern Pride, Norwegian whale catcher used in the survey.
Rock formations of South Georgia
Dreamscape Immersive is an American entertainment and technology company. It creates story-based full-roam virtual reality (VR) experiences which allow up to six people to simultaneously explore a virtual 3D environment, seeing fully rendered avatars of one another. Using real-time motion capture technology, full body mapping, virtual reality headsets, and real-life room-scale stage sets, it enables users to move untethered in a virtual environment and interact with physical objects. The technology was created by Caecilia Charbonnier and Sylvain Chagué, and developed by engineers at Artanim, a Swiss research center specialized in motion-capture technologies.
History
Dreamscape Immersive was co-founded by Walter Parkes, a film producer, Kevin Wall, a global live events producer, investor, and entrepreneur, Caecilia Charbonnier and Sylvain Chagué, co-founders of Artanim, and Ronald Menzel, an entrepreneur.
The company was launched in mid-2016, whereupon Bruce Vaughn, the former head of Disney's Imagineering, was appointed CEO and Aaron Grosky, former president of Control Room, was appointed COO. It operated in stealth mode until February of the following year. Based in Culver City, California, its first investors included IMAX, Westfield Malls, three film studios, and Steven Spielberg.
AMC Theatres, Nickelodeon and Majid Al Futtaim later invested in the company.
Dreamscape Immersive's first VR installation, Alien Zoo, opened at the Atrium at the Westfield Century City mall in Los Angeles in February 2018. It was followed by The Blu: Deep Rescue, developed in partnership with TheBlu, and Curse of the Lost Pearl: A Magic Projector Adventure. A man in Black VR experience was announced in June 2019.
The second permanent Dreamscape Immersive studio opened in Dallas in August 2019. Dreamscape Immersive currently operates 4 locations in the United States, 1 in the United Arab Emirates and 1 in Geneva, Switzerland.
References
External links
Virtual reality companies
Technology companies based in Greater Los Angeles
Entertainment companies based in California
Entertainment companies established in 2016
Technology companies established in 2016
American companies established in 2016
2016 establishments in California
Immersive entertainment
Sir Samuel Cunard, 1st Baronet (21 November 1787 – 28 April 1865), was a British-Canadian shipping magnate, born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, who founded the Cunard Line. They were the son of a master carpenter and timber merchant who had fled the American Revolution and settled in Halifax.
Family and early life
Samuel Cunard was the second son of Abraham Cunard (1756–1824), a Quaker and Margaret Murphy (1758-1821), a Roman Catholic. The Cunards were a Quaker family that originally came from Worcestershire, in Britain, but were forced to flee to Germany in the 17th century due to religious persecution, where they took the name Kunder. Samuel Cunard's great-great-grandfather had been a dyer in Crefeld there, but emigrated to Pennsylvania in 1683. In America they adopted the name Cunard. Later some of their descendants, including their grandfather, Samuel, changed their name to Cunard. Abraham Cunard was a Loyalist to the British Crown and moved to Halifax in 1783, after the American Revolution. They married Margaret Murphy, another Loyalist émigrée that year. Margaret's family were originally from Ireland and came to Halifax from South Carolina. Abraham and Margaret had nine children, two girls and seven boys (William 1789–1823, Samuel 1787–1865, Edward 1798–1851, Joseph 1799–1865, John, Thomas and Henry).
Abraham Cunard was a master carpenter who worked for the British garrison in Halifax and became a wealthy landowner and timber merchant. Samuel Cunard's own business skills were evident early in their teens: they were managing their own general store from stock they obtained in broken lots at wharf auction. They later joined their father in the family timber business, which expanded into investments in shipping.
Adulthood and career
During the War of 1812, Cunard volunteered for service in the 2nd Battalion of the Halifax Regiment militia and rose to the rank of captain. They held many public offices, such as volunteer firefighter and lighthouse commissioner, and maintained a reputation as not only a shrewd business person, but also an honest and generous citizen.
Cunard was a highly successful entrepreneur in Halifax shipping and one of a group of twelve individuals who dominated the affairs of Nova Scotia. They secured mail packet contracts and provided a fisheries patrol vessel for the province. Cunard diversified their family's timber and shipping business with investments in whaling, tea imports and coal mining, as well as the Halifax Banking Company and the Shubenacadie Canal. The whaling ships, sent far into the Southern Atlantic, seldom if ever turned a profit. They purchased large amounts of land in Prince Edward Island, at one point owning a seventh of the province, which involved them in the protracted disputes between tenants on the island and the absentee landlords who owned most of it.
Steamships
Cunard experimented with steam, cautiously at first, becoming a founding director of the Halifax Steamboat Company, which built the first steamship in Nova Scotia in 1830, the long-serving and successful SS Sir Charles Ogle for the Halifax–Dartmouth Ferry Service. Cunard became president of the company in 1836 and arranged for steam power for their second ferry, Boxer in 1838. Cunard led Halifax investors to combine with Quebec business in 1831 to build the pioneering ocean steamship Royal William to run between Quebec and Halifax. Although Royal William ran into problems after losing an entire season due to cholera quarantines, Cunard learned valuable lessons about steamship operation. They commissioned a coastal steamship named Pochohontas in 1832 for mail service to Prince Edward Island and later purchased a larger steamship Cape Breton to expand the service.
Cunard's experience in steamship operation, with observations of the growing railway network in England, encouraged them to explore the creation of a Transatlantic fleet of steamships, which would cross the ocean as regularly as trains crossed land. They went to the United Kingdom seeking investors in 1837. They set up a company with several other business people to bid for the rights to run a transatlantic mail service between the UK and North America. It was successful in its bid, the company later becoming Cunard Steamships Limited.
In 1840 the company's first steamship, the Britannia, sailed from Liverpool to Halifax, Nova Scotia, and on to Boston, Massachusetts, with Cunard and 63 other passengers on board, marking the beginning of regular passenger and cargo service. Establishing a long unblemished reputation for speed and safety, Cunard's company made ocean liners a success, in the face of many potential rivals who lost ships and fortunes. Cunard's ships proved successful, but their high costs saddled Cunard with heavy debts by 1842, and they had to flee to England from creditors in Halifax. However, by 1843, Cunard ships were earning enough to pay off their debts and begin issuing modest but growing dividends. Cunard divided their time between Nova Scotia and England but increasingly left their Nova Scotian operations in the hands of their sons Edward and William, as business drew them to spend more time in London.
Cunard made a special trip to Nova Scotia and New Brunswick in 1850, when their brother Joseph Cunard's timber and shipping businesses in New Brunswick collapsed in a bankruptcy that threw as many as 1000 people out of work. Cunard took out loans and personally guaranteed all of their brother's debts in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick and Boston. Joseph Cunard moved to Liverpool, England where Samuel helped them re-establish their shipping interests.
Views on segregation
Cunard throughout their personal life was not a religious man and was considered by many to be agnostic. Their views on slavery in the 19th century were not known, but their statements regarding Fredrick Douglass's segregated passage arranged by a Cunard Agent in Liverpool on one of their ocean liners in 1845 strongly suggests they were against any form of racial prejudice. "No one can regret more than I do the unpleasant circumstances surrounding Mr. Douglass's passage from Liverpool, but I can assure you that nothing of the kind will again take place on the steamships in which I am connected." Their views on race reflected those of Britons of the time, who regarded mistreatment of black people as a moral wrong, even though they still considered them to be socially and intellectually inferior to white people.
Later life
Cunard owned a number of companies in Canada. After their death and changes to the British mail contract, their partners in England dropped their Canadian service and it would be 50 years before their ships returned to Canada. Their coal company in Nova Scotia, which they bought to fuel their liners, remained the family's major investment in Nova Scotia and continued into the 20th century as Cunard Fuels, later bought out by the Irving Family of New Brunswick.
In 1859 Cunard was made a baronet by Queen Victoria.
Sir Samuel Cunard died at Kensington in London on 28 April 1865.  They are buried at Brompton Cemetery in London. They lie against the eastern wall.
Legacy
At the Maritime Museum of the Atlantic in Halifax, a substantial portion of the second floor is dedicated to their life, the Cunard Line and its famous ships. A large bronze statue of Samuel Cunard was erected in October 2006 on the Halifax waterfront, beside the Ocean Terminal Wharves long used by Cunard's liners. A stamp of Cunard's likeness was issued by Canada Post in 2004.
Despite challenges from competing companies and changes in technology, the prosperous company grew, eventually absorbed many others such as the Canadian Northern Steamships Limited, and in 1934 its principal competition, the White Star Line, owners of the successful RMS Olympic and former owners of the ill-fated Titanic. After that, Cunard dominated the Atlantic passenger trade with some of the world's most famous liners such as the and . Their name lives on today in the Cunard Line, now a prestigious branch of the Carnival Line cruise empire.
Family
Samuel Cunard was married to Susan, daughter of William Duffus, on 4 February 1815 (she died 28 February 1828 - see photo), by whom they had nine children, two sons (Edward 1816–1869 and William 1825-1906) and seven daughters (Mary 1817–1885, Susan 1819–, Margaret Ann 1820–1901, Sarah Jane 1821–1902, Ann Elizabeth 1823–1862, Isabella 1827–1894 and Elizabeth 1828–1889.
Sir Samuel Cunard was succeeded in both the business and the baronetcy by their oldest son, Sir Edward Cunard, 2nd baronet, who married Mary Bache McEvers (daughter of Bache McEvers), and through whom the baronetcy was passed down. Their son, Bache Edward Cunard, 3rd baronet married the society hostess Emerald, Lady Cunard (1872–1948). They in turn had one daughter, Nancy Cunard (1896–1965), writer, heiress and political activist.
William Cunard, second son of Sir Samuel Cunard, married Laura Charlotte Haliburton, daughter of author and politician Thomas Chandler Haliburton. The couple had three sons and one daughter. William built the Halifax School for the Deaf. Samuel Cunard's daughter Margaret married William Leigh Mellish (1813–1864), soldier, landowner and cricketer.
Notes
References
Bibliography
Transatlantic by Stephan Fox
John Boileau, Samuel Cunard: Nova Scotia's Master of the North Atlantic Halifax: Formac (2006)
Sir Samuel Cunard Biography at Chris' Cunard Page
External links
1787 births
1865 deaths
Pre-Confederation Canadian businesspeople
British businesspeople in shipping
Canadian businesspeople in shipping
People from Halifax, Nova Scotia
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Colony of Nova Scotia people
People of United Empire Loyalist descent
Burials at Brompton Cemetery
Persons of National Historic Significance (Canada)
19th-century British people
Businesspeople from Nova Scotia
Samuel
19th-century British businesspeople
Anglo-American Cataloguing Rules (AACR) were an international library cataloging standard. First published in 1967 and edited by C. Sumner Spalding, a second edition (AACR2) edited by Michael Gorman and Paul W. Winkler was issued in 1978, with subsequent revisions (AACR2R) appearing in 1988 and 1998; all updates ceased in 2005.
Published jointly by the American Library Association, the Canadian Library Association, and the UK Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals, the rules were designed for the construction of library catalogs and similar bibliographic tools. The rules cover the physical description of library resources, as well as the provision of name and title access points.
AACR2 was issued in several print versions, including a concise edition and an online version. Various translations were also available. Principles of AACR included cataloguing based on the item 'in hand' rather than inferring information from external sources and the concept of the 'chief source of information' which is preferred where conflicts exist.
Initial adoption
Despite the claim to be 'Anglo-American', the first edition of AACR was published in 1967 in somewhat distinct North American and British texts. The second edition of 1978 unified the two sets of rules (adopting the British spelling 'cataloguing') and brought them in line with the International Standard Bibliographic Description (ISBD). Libraries wishing to migrate from the previous North American text were obliged to implement 'desuperimposition', a substantial change in the form of headings for corporate bodies.
Successor
While the 2002 updates included substantial improvements to AACR's treatment of non-book materials, the proliferation of 21st century formats in a networked environment and the rise of electronic publishing signaled the necessity for significant change in the cataloging code. Plans for a third edition (AACR3) were abandoned in 2005.
The international cataloging community turned its attention to drafting a completely new standard to succeed AACR. Informed by the work of the International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions (IFLA) Functional Requirements for Bibliographic Records (FRBR), the new framework was crafted to be more flexible and suitable for use in a digital environment: Resource Description and Access (RDA) was released in June 2010. The Library of Congress, National Library of Medicine, National Agricultural Library, and several national libraries of other English-speaking countries performed a formal test of RDA, resulting in a June 2011 report of findings.
See also
MARC standards
(RAK)
References
External links
AACR2
JSC (Joint Steering Committee for Development of RDA)
A Brief History of AACR
RDA: Resource Description and Access Prospectus
ALCTS Newsletter article on RDA
Cataloger's Desktop
Archival science
Metadata
Metadata standards
Ch'eqofo is a river of the Nile basin. Rising in the mountains of Dogu'a Tembien in northern Ethiopia, it flows southwestward to empty finally in Giba and Tekezé River.
Characteristics
It is a confined ephemeral river, locally meandering in its narrow alluvial plain, with an average slope gradient of 39 metres per kilometre. With its tributaries, the river has cut a deep gorge.
Flash floods and flood buffering
Runoff mostly happens in the form of high runoff discharge events that occur in a very short period (called flash floods). These are related to the steep topography, often little vegetation cover and intense convective rainfall. The peaks of such flash floods have often a 50 to 100 times larger discharge than the preceding baseflow.
The magnitude of floods in this river has however been decreased due to interventions in the catchment. On steep slopes, exclosures have been established; the dense vegetation largely contributes to enhanced infiltration, less flooding and better baseflow. Physical conservation structures such as stone bunds and check dams also intercept runoff.
Boulders and pebbles in the river bed
Boulders and pebbles encountered in the river bed can originate from any location higher up in the catchment. In the uppermost stretches of the river, only rock fragments of the upper lithological units will be present in the river bed, whereas more downstream one may find a more comprehensive mix of all lithologies crossed by the river. From upstream to downstream, the following lithological units occur in the catchment.
Lower basalt
Amba Aradam Formation
Mekelle Dolerite
Antalo Limestone
Quaternary freshwater tufa
Transhumance towards the gorge
Transhumance takes place in the summer rainy season, when the lands near the villages are occupied by crops. Young shepherds will take the village cattle down to the gorge and overnight in small caves. The gorges are particularly attractive as a transhumance destination zone, because there is water and good growth of semi-natural vegetation.
Trekking along the river
Trekking routes have been established across and along this river. The tracks are not marked on the ground but can be followed using downloaded .GPX files. Trek 24 follows the southern water divide, parallel to the river, and gives panoramic views over the Ch'eqofo valley. In the rainy season, flash floods may occur and it is advised not to follow the river bed.
See also
List of Ethiopian rivers
References
Rivers of Ethiopia
Dogu'a Tembien
Tigray Region
Nile basin
Carnivores is a 1998 first-person shooter video game developed by Action Forms and published by WizardWorks for Microsoft Windows. It is the first video game in the Carnivores series of hunting games.
Storyline
Carnivores are set in the year 2190. During an exploration mission in unknown space, a science vessel known as FMM UV stumbled upon a planet with a climate similar to that of Earth, making it suitable for life. The new planet was code-named FMM UV-32. During the initial scouting expedition, the planet was declared inhospitable for colonization due to its unstable terrain and an unexpected abundant population of dinosaurs and other prehistoric reptiles. News articles about FMM UV-32 led an Earth corporation to purchase the rights to the planet and to create DinoHunt Corporation, which allowed customers to hunt the planet's dinosaurs.
Gameplay
At the start of a new game, the player is given a choice whether to create a new game or continue playing from a previous account. The aim of the game is hunting dinosaurs to accumulate trophies and earn points which will unlock better weapons and the rights to hunt more diverse species of dinosaurs. A novice hunter starts with zero points, and is only given a shotgun, crossbow and a few starter dinosaurs to hunt, each dinosaur can grant the player a different set of points required to level up. If the player is killed by a dinosaur, all points accumulated on that specific hunt are forfeited. The player must be picked up by DinoHunt to keep the points they earned.
There are three tiers for a hunter, novice, advanced and expert. A hunter will become Advanced after earning 100 points, and Expert with 300. To begin a hunt, the player must choose the location, the weapon, the dinosaur and some hunting accessories which help the player but will deduct the score during that hunt. Each location is unique, with varying difficulties and terrain. The new hunter will be given three areas, with two more added for the Advanced hunter and a final area for the Expert hunter, for a total of six locations. Level locations include jungles, and deserts accompanied by pyramids and an ancient temple.
Next, the player must choose a dinosaur to hunt. A new hunter will be given the choice of four dinosaurs: Parasaurolophus, Stegosaurus, Pachycephalosaurus and Allosaurus. An Advanced hunter gains the ability to hunt the Triceratops and the Velociraptor. Only an Expert hunter can hunt the Tyrannosaurus rex. Harmless creatures such as Moschops, Gallimimus and Dimorphodon are present in each level. They are worth zero points and can be killed with a single shot. The player must also choose a weapon, which can be set for kill or tranquilize for additional points. A beginning hunter can only use a shotgun or a crossbow. A sniper rifle is unlocked upon becoming an Advanced hunter. First time hunters can use the Observation Mode to familiarize themselves with dinosaur behavior and different terrain.
Development and release
Carnivores are developed by Action Forms, using the AtmosFear game engine. In designing the game's dinosaurs, the development team referenced bones, paintings, and the Jurassic Park films. WizardWorks published the game for Microsoft Windows, releasing it in the United States on November 30, 1998. The game was initially available through WizardWorks' website, followed by a release in retail stores in December 1998.
Reception
According to GameRankings, the game has a rating of 64 percent. Trent C. Ward of IGN praised its dinosaur and environment sounds, but believed that the game was "too damn easy," stating that it was "a surprisingly entertaining game that just doesn't have enough options to keep players busy for the long term." Greg Kasavin of GameSpot praised its sound effects, and its levels for looking "surprisingly authentic," but noted that the game is "tantalizing yet not quite complete to be entirely satisfying."
Tom Chick of Computer Gaming World praised the dinosaurs and environments, but stated that the game can be a little tedious for players who are not into hunting games, although they noted that "This is clearly a game about stalking rather than action". Don St. Jon of GamePro was disappointed by Carnivores as an action game, but stated that it was a "mildly pleasant surprise" as a hunting game. Jon stated that the game showed "its budget status in some ways" such as the minimal weapon and level choices, as well as the repetitive appearance of the environments, but they concluded that the game's action elements "take it a notch above most hunting titles". Game Revolution praised the realistic appearance and behavior of the game's dinosaurs, as well as the large environments and the graphics, but criticized the game for "long periods of boredom and tedium".
Andrew Bub of Computer Games Magazine noted that the game's story was "weak and more than a bit silly," but they praised its graphics, sound, and the "challenging and surprisingly fun" gameplay. Michael L. House of AllGame praised the graphics and the lack of music, writing, "Ambient sounds definitely let you feel as if you've arrived in a prehistoric landscape." House also praised the limited amount of ammunition available on each hunt, stating that it made the game "much more grounded in fact – it just doesn't offer a chance for the undisciplined trigger-happy hunter to blast away at anything that moves without ever running out of ammunition."
Legacy
Carnivores was the first installment in what would become a series. The first sequel, Carnivores 2, was released in 1999, followed by Carnivores: Ice Age in 2001 and Carnivores: Cityscape in 2002. Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter, the fifth installment in the series and an updated port of the original Carnivores game, was released in 2010. Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter HD, a sequel in the series and a modern remake of the original Carnivores game, was released in 2013. Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter Reborn, the seventh installment in the series, was released in 2015, as a sequel to Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter.
References
External links
Carnivores at MobyGames
1998 video games
Dinosaurs in video games
First-person shooters
Hunting video games
Windows games
Windows-only games
Video games developed in Ukraine
Video games set in the 22nd century
Video games set on fictional planets
Dinosaur hunting
Single-player video games
WizardWorks games
Armed Proletarians for Communism (Italian Proletari Armati per il Comunismo or PAC) was an Italian far-left terrorist group founded in 1976 and disbanded three years later, during the "Years of Lead".
History
Armed Proletarians for Communism was founded in 1976, as one of the numerous armed groups spun out of Italian Autonomism (Autonomia Operaia). As opposed to the Red Brigades, the PAC was structured "horizontally", with independently constituted cells with their own actions.
Most of the early members were young workers, unemployed people and teachers. An estimate 60 people were involved in the group in Lombardy and Veneto.
The leaders of the PAC were Sebastiano Masala and Arrigo Cavallina who was considered to be the ideologue of the group.
The group was dissolved in 1979.
Doctrine
Italian Autonomism held that the working class was a social group politically not represented, and exploited by ruling classes. A counter-power was to be organised by direct democracy and self-organisation. The movement drew upon theories of illegalism and propaganda of the deed formulated by the anarchist movement at the turn of the 20th century.
Actions
The first actions of the PAC were, allegedly, in support of workers' revendications. They notably attacked and wounded physician Diego Fava, and committed around 60 armed robberies, ranging from store attacks to bank robberies (what they called "expropriations"). The PAC also organised attacks against companies which used illegal workers, people whom they accused of brutalising detainees, or self-defence groups.
Most of the "actions" did not cause victims, although the PAC did claim four murders:
Antonio Santoro, prison guard, was assassinated on 6 June 1978 in Udine, for allegedly mistreating a detainee and member of the PAC. Cesare Battisti was sentenced for this murder.
Pierluigi Torregiani, jeweller, assassinated in their shop on 16 February 1979 in Milan. One month before, Torregiani had shot and killed a robber in an act of self-defense, during a robbery at a restaurant where Torregiani (who was carrying some of their most valuable jewels) was dining. Another client, Vincenzo Consoli, was killed in the gunfight, and another was wounded. During Torregiani's assassination, their 13-year-old son, Alberto, was wounded and was left paraplegic. The four militants responsible for the assassination, Gabriele Grimaldi, Giuseppe Memeo, Sebastiano Masala and Sante Fatone, were identified and judged in 1981.
Lino Sabbadin, butcher and member of the neo-fascist Italian Social Movement, assassinated on 16 February 1979 in Caltana Santa Maria de Sala, in Veneto. Sabbadin was killed by Pietro Mutti and Diego Giacomin.
Andrea Campagna, DIGOS member, was killed on 19 April 1979 in Milan, allegedly by Cesare Battisti and an accomplice. They were involved in the investigations regarding Torregiani's assassination, and accused by the PAC of torturing prisoners.
Torregiani and Sabbadin had defended themselves during hold-ups. They were assassinated on the same day, so as to teach people to "allow the deeds of the Proletarians forced to steal to survive".
From 1982, following Pietro Mutti's arrest, Cesare Battisti was accused of taking part in Santoro's and Campagna's murders, as well as being an accomplice in Torregiani's and Sabbadin's assassinations. They were judged and sentenced in absentia in 1988 and in 1993. Battisti has always denied being involved in the assassinations. In October 2017 they were arrested in Corumba, Brazil, near the Bolivian border.
See also
History of the Italian Republic
Years of Lead (Italy)
Notes and references
Anti-revisionist organizations
Communist organisations in Italy
Communist terrorism
Factions of the Years of Lead (Italy)
Left-wing militant groups in Italy
Modern history of Italy
Terrorism in Italy
Kangnasaurus (meaning "Farm Kangnas lizard") is a genus of iguanodontian ornithopod dinosaur found in supposedly Early Cretaceous rocks of South Africa. It is known from a tooth and possibly some postcranial remains found in the early-Aptian Kalahari Deposits Formation. It was probably similar to Dryosaurus.
Description and history
Kangnasaurus was named in 1915 by Sidney H. Haughton. The type species is Kangnasaurus coetzeei. The generic name refers to the Kangnas farm; the specific name to the farmer, Coetzee. Kangnasaurus is based on holotype SAM 2732, a tooth found at a depth of 34 metres in a well at Farm Kangnas, in the Orange River valley of northern Cape Province, South Africa. The age of these rocks, conglomerates in an ancient crater lake, is unclear; they are thought to be from the Early Cretaceous (probably early-Aptian). Haughton thought SAM 2732 was a tooth from the upper jaw, but Michael Cooper reidentified it as a lower jaw tooth in 1985. This had implications for its classification: Haughton thought the tooth was that of an iguanodontid, while Cooper identified it as from an animal more like Dryosaurus, a more basal ornithopod.
Haughton described several other fossils as possibly belonging to Kangnasaurus. These include five partial thigh bones, a partial thigh bone and shin bone, a partial metatarsal, a partial shin and foot, vertebrae, and unidentified bones. Some of the bones apparently came from other deposits, and Haughton was not certain that they all belonged to their new genus. Cooper was also not certain, but described the other specimens as if they did belong to Kangnasaurus.
Kangnasaurus is usually regarded as dubious, although a 2007 review of dryosaurids by Ruiz-Omeñaca and colleagues retained it as potentially valid, differing from other dryosaurids by details of the thigh bone. Like other basal iguanodontians, it would have been a bipedal herbivore.
At least two recent studies have found it to be an elasmarian instead of a dryosaurid.
References
Iguanodonts
Aptian life
Early Cretaceous dinosaurs of Africa
Cretaceous South Africa
Fossils of South Africa
Fossil taxa described in 1915
Taxa named by Sidney H. Haughton
Ornithischian genera
Tinkler may refer to:
Alf Tinkler (1887–1950), English professional footballer who played as a centre-half
Andrew Tinkler, Chief Executive Officer of the Stobart Group Limited
Cole Tinkler (born 1986), New Zealand football (soccer) player
Eric Tinkler (born 1970), retired South African footballer
Jack Tinkler, former football (soccer) player who represented New Zealand at international level
Jamie Tinkler (born 1981), English singer
Mark Tinkler (born 1974), English footballer, currently playing for Whitby Town
Nathan Tinkler, Australian mining magnate
Ray Tinkler, English football referee from Boston, Lincolnshire
Robert Tinkler (born 1973), Canadian actor and television actor
Scott Tinkler (born 1965), Australian trumpeter and composer
Ted Tinkler (born 1921), former English cricketer
Wilbert James Tinkler, farmer and politician in Manitoba, Canada
See also
The Tinklers
Tink (disambiguation), including surname uses
Tinkle (surname)
The Conquest of Canaan is a 1921 American silent drama film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It starred Thomas Meighan and Doris Kenyon and was directed by Roy William Neill. It was filmed in Asheville, North Carolina. A previous version of the story was filmed in 1916 under the same title.
Plot
Cast
Preservation status
This film was considered lost for over seventy years until 2010, when a digital copy was returned to the United States as a gift from Russia and its film archive Gosfilmofond.
References
External links
1921 films
American silent feature films
Films based on American novels
Films directed by Roy William Neill
Famous Players-Lasky films
Films based on works by Booth Tarkington
1921 drama films
Silent American drama films
American black-and-white films
1920s rediscovered films
Rediscovered American films
1920s American films
Zulfiya Gabidullina (, born 22 November 1965) is a Kazakhstani Paralympic swimmer who competes in the S4 category. They previously competed in the S3 class but was reclassified into S4, a class for athletes with more physical ability compared to S3. At the 2016 Summer Paralympics, aged 50, they won a gold medal in the 100 m freestyle, improving their own world record, and bringing Kazakhstan its only gold medal at the Paralympics. Gabidullina became disabled at the age of five.  They are a business person. They took up competitive swimming in 2007 and qualified for the 2012 Paralympics and 2013 and 2015 world championships.
Results
https://olympics.com/tokyo-2020/paralympic-games/en/results/swimming/athlete-profile-n1570356-gabidullina-zulfiya.htm
Paralympic Games
1 100m Freestyle - S3 2016 Rio de Janeiro, BRA 1:30.07
4 50m Freestyle - S4 2016 Rio de Janeiro, BRA 42.24
6 50m Backstroke - S3 2016 Rio de Janeiro, BRA 1:00.68
7 150m Individual Medley - SM4 2016 Rio de Janeiro, BRA 3:25.30
12 50m Breaststroke - SB3 2016 Rio de Janeiro, BRA 1:19.01
12 50m Backstroke - S4 2012 London, GBR 1:10.12
World Championships
1 50m Freestyle - S3 2017 Mexico City, MEX 42.87
2 100m Freestyle - S3 2017 Mexico City, MEX 1:40.21
2 50m Freestyle - S3 2013 Montreal, QC, CAN 47.79
3 50m Freestyle - S4 2015 Glasgow, GBR 48.18
3 100m Freestyle - S3 2015 Glasgow, GBR 1:46.11
3 100m Freestyle - S3 2013 Montreal, QC, CAN 1:45.41
3 50m Backstroke - S3 2013 Montreal, QC, CAN 1:11.53
4 150m Individual Medley - SM3 2013 Montreal, QC, CAN 3:47.45
5 50m Backstroke - S3 2017 Mexico City, MEX 1:13.96
6 100m Freestyle - S4 2019 London, GBR 1:39.81
7 50m Freestyle - S4 2019 London, GBR 44.92
7 Mixed 4 x 50m Medley Relay 20 Points 2019 London, GBR 3:01.53
10 200m Freestyle - S5 2015 Glasgow, GBR 3:43.43
10 50m Backstroke - S3 2015 Glasgow, GBR 1:16.30
10 50m Breaststroke - SB3 2015 Glasgow, GBR 1:25.85
10 150m Individual Medley - SM4 2015 Glasgow, GBR 3:41.50
11 200m Freestyle - S5 2019 London, GBR 3:46.78
11 150m Individual Medley - SM4 2019 London, GBR 4:00.39
13 50m Backstroke - S4 2019 London, GBR 1:11.93
13 100m Breaststroke - SB4 2019 London, GBR 3:38.76
Asian Para Games
1 100m Freestyle - S4 2018 Jakarta, INA 1:47.27
2 50m Freestyle - S4 2018 Jakarta, INA 45.51
2 50m Backstroke - S4 2018 Jakarta, INA 1:17.72
3 200m Freestyle - S5 2018 Jakarta, INA 3:29.37
European Championships
6 100m Freestyle - S4 2020 Funchal, POR 1:50.48
6 150m Individual Medley - SM4 2020 Funchal, POR 4:01.86
7 50m Freestyle - S4 2020 Funchal, POR 49.01
12 50m Breaststroke - SB3 2020 Funchal, POR 1:40.29
DSQ 50m Backstroke - S4 2020 Funchal, POR DSQ
References
1965 births
Living people
Kazakhstani female backstroke swimmers
Kazakhstani female breaststroke swimmers
Kazakhstani female freestyle swimmers
Kazakhstani female medley swimmers
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic gold medalists for Kazakhstan
Medalists at the World Para Swimming Championships
Paralympic medalists in swimming
S3-classified Paralympic swimmers
People from Taraz
Sydney Robert Elliott (31 August 1902 – 9 October 1987) was a British newspaper editor.
Biography
Born on Clydeside, Scotland, Elliott became involved in the co-operative movement. In the late 1920s, they moved to Manchester to become editor of the monthly co-operative journal The Millgate Monthly. In 1929, the Sunday newspaper Reynold's News was bought by the Co-operative Press, and Elliott was appointed as its editor. They worked on updating the appearance of the paper, and appointed H.N. Brailsford and Hamilton Fyfe as columnists. In 1937, they wrote a comprehensive account of the movement, England: Cradle of Co-operation, while they also launched the United Peace Alliance to campaign against Franco in the Spanish Civil War. This soon became the focus of unsuccessful attempts by communists and left-wing members of the Labour Party to create a popular front.
In 1941, Elliott moved to London to work on the Evening Standard, then showing sympathy with radical causes under its editor, Michael Foot. They succeeded Foot as editor in 1943, but left during the run-up to the 1945 general election after owner Lord Beaverbrook began pressing them to advocate a vote for the Conservative Party. They became Editorial Advisor at the Daily Mirror, where they masterminded its campaign to support the Labour Party at the 1945 election. They later moved to supervise the Mirrors newspaper and radio operations in Australia, but returned to become general manager of the Daily Herald in 1952.
Elliott became editor of the Herald in November 1953. In 1957, the Trades Union Congress rescinded its editorial control of the paper to Odhams Press, and Elliott left the paper. They were then engaged by Tim Hewat to research a brief for a television documentary strand on ITV, to be based on social issues. This led to the Searchlight series, a precursor of World in Action, on which Elliott worked as a researcher.
Their grandson, Ben Summerskill, is a former chief executive of Stonewall, the LGBT equality organisation.
References
1902 births
1987 deaths
British cooperative organizers
Scottish newspaper editors
London Evening Standard people
Neftegorsk () is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Apsheronsky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia. Population:
References
Urban-type settlements in Krasnodar Krai
Sarvelayat Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10,567, in 2,947 families. The rural district has 35 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Razavi Khorasan Province
Nishapur County
Mandhoo or Mandhu (according to the Admiralty Charts) (Dhivehi: XXX) is one of the inhabited islands of Haddummati Atoll, administrative code Laamu.
Geography
The island is south of the country's capital, Malé.
Economy
This island is known for its tuna canning factory and for the STO government refrigerators.
A company called Horizon Fisheries Ltd. has built an entire city on the island, including all necessary facilities, in order to accommodate 1000 employees when the work is loaded. Although, on average, there are only 400 people living on the island.
References
Islands of the Maldives
Esperanza Girón Olivares (born 28 December 1947) is a Mexican sprinter. They competed in the 100 metres at the 1964 Summer Olympics and the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1947 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Mexican female sprinters
Olympic athletes of Mexico
Pan American Games competitors for Mexico
Athletes (track and field) at the 1967 Pan American Games
Place of birth missing (living people)
Olympic female sprinters
Bujoreni is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bujoreni, Dărvaș and Prunaru.
The last one of these villages was the site of the Battle of Prunaru
during the Romanian Campaign of World War I.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Nivaan Sen, also known as Naveen Sen, is an Indian actor and producer. Their production house name is 'Urban Boat Films'.  They are known for their role in the Indian daily soaps Kahaani Ghar Ghar Kii, Pyaar Ka Dard Hai Meetha Meetha Pyaara Pyaara and Do Hanson Ka Jodaa. Nivaan Sen was awarded a Best Actor Award in Comedy for India's Best Cinestars Ki Khoj in 2004.
Early life and background
Nivaan Sen was born and brought up in Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh. They have been involved in the theatre since childhood. They did their schooling from C. M. Anglo Bengali Inter College. They have played football since childhood, running from Uttar Pradesh. They completed their graduation and post-graduation from Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth, Varanasi. They did their post-graduation in sociology.
Career
Nivaan Sen started their career with the talent show India's Best Cinestars Ki Khoj, and they also won the title of India's Best Performance in Comic Role. They have appeared in several television shows such as Kahaani Ghar Ghar Kii in October 2007, most of which aired on Star Plus. In 2010, they worked on the TV serial Do Hanson Ka Jodaa, airing on NDTV Imagine.
Television and films
Producer
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Nivaan Sen at the Internet Movie Database
Living people
Male actors in Hindi cinema
Indian male film actors
21st-century Indian male actors
Indian male soap opera actors
Indian male television actors
Male actors from Varanasi
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jonathan Philip Pryce Goodwin (born November 1972) is a British banker and investor.  They are Partner, Head of Merchant Banking at Alvarium Investments. Their appointment followed the merger in March 2019 of Lepe Partners, the merchant bank they co-founded in 2011, with Alvarium which works across North America, Europe and Asia Pacific, supervising $15bn+ of assets. With Brent Hoberman, Goodwin also co-founded Founders Forum, a network of digital entrepreneurs, corporate CEOs and senior investors.
Goodwin is Treasurer of the Centre for Policy Studies and a member of the Advisory Board on Planning and Development at the Victoria and Albert Museum.  They are a former head of the investment pillar of the British Fashion Council.
They have advised on more than 200 media deals, together worth over $20 billion. They include Chris Evans' purchase of Virgin Radio, the sale of Friends Reunited to ITV, the sale of Who Wants To Be A Millionaire and the merger of property websites Findaproperty.com, Primelocation.com and Zoopla. Recent M&A advisory projects include News Corps' £220m purchase of Wireless Group plc.
They were appointed an OBE in 2018 for services to the economy.
Early career
After graduating from the University of Nottingham, Goodwin worked briefly at Coopers and Lybrand, where for one assignment they were asked to compile two reports. One report was to be on a "fascinating" proposed deal in the media sector, the other involved research into car component manufacturers; at that moment Goodwin realised they would "...prefer castration" to car parts: “Every deal I've worked on has been in and around the media sector since then,” they told The Telegraph in 2012.
Goodwin then spent a year at private equity group Apax Partners, before leaving to join a News Corporation/Liberty Media-backed buyout of Talk Radio in 1997. They were appointed managing director of Talk Radio, which went on to become the foundation for The Wireless Group PLC, for which Goodwin was Group managing director under Kelvin Mackenzie.
In 2000 Goodwin and Julian Culhane co-founded LongAcre Partners, a corporate finance boutique. LongAcre worked with Elisabeth Murdoch, helping to build their TV production business Shine via a series of acquisitions. LongAcre was also involved in the £175m sale of Friends Reunited to ITV. LongAcre's investors included the law firm Olswang and private equity house Corsair. In 2007 LongAcre was sold to US investment bank Jefferies. Goodwin remained at Jeffries as Head of Global Technology, Media and Telecommunications until 2010.
Lepe Partners
In 2011 Goodwin and Culhane co-founded Lepe Partners, a merchant bank focused on the media internet and technology sectors. The company was named after a hamlet and beach in Hampshire where Goodwin spends their weekends.
In addition to its advisory work, Lepe operated a venture growth fund which provided capital and strategic support to late stage venture growth opportunities in industry verticals. The fund was structured as a pledge fund based on annual commitments. Its portfolio included: Pharmacy2U, Boat International Media, CreativeLive, Masabi, and Festicket. The fund exited its investment in Wahanda (now Treatwell) in 2015, following a sale of the business to Recruit Holding. Lepe also advised on investment deals for News Corp, Ministry of Sound and TalkTalk.
In 2019 Lepe Partners merged with Alvarium.
Founders Forum
In 2006 Goodwin and Hoberman created Founders Forum, a network for digital entrepreneurs, corporate CEOs and senior investors. The Forum has 1500 members and has become known as a Europe-based equivalent of Sun Valley, the Allen & Co retreat for media executives in the US. Speakers and attendees at previous Forum meetings include Sir Richard Branson, Arianna Huffington, Eric Schmidt, Reid Hoffman, Sean Parker, Niklas Zennstrom, Mikitani Hiroshi, Ben Horowitz, Natalie Massenet, Charles Dunstone, Tony Fadell, Natalie Vodianova, Jessica Alba, Peter Gabriel, Ashton Kutcher, Jeffrey Katzenberg, Daniel Ek and Ari Emanuel.
Events are currently held in London, Paris, Madrid, Istanbul, Los Angeles, New York City, Rio de Janeiro, Mumbai, New Delhi, Qingdao and Singapore. In 2013 the Financial Times announced a media partnership with the Forum, presenting two awards at that year's London event.
Also in 2013, Founders Forum and the British Government's UK Trade & Investment arm created the Technology Innovators' Forum (TIF-IN), which connects new UK businesses with influential heads of content, media and finance companies worldwide.
In 2009 Goodwin, Hoberman and other partners co-founded PROfounders Capital, an early stage fund backed by entrepreneurs for digital entrepreneurs. One of its first investments was UK-based TweetDeck, the online application sold two years later to Twitter for $40m.
Founders Forum has launched a number of initiatives under the Founders aegis, including the executive search arm Founders Keepers and the strategic consultancy Founders Intelligence.
Philanthropy
Founders Pledge
In June 2015 Goodwin co-launched Founders Pledge, a UK- and US-registered charity to enable tech entrepreneurs to commit to donating at least 2% of their personal proceeds to philanthropic causes upon exit.[1] Founders Pledge's declared mission is to "...strip down the barriers to charitable giving, making it easy for technology entrepreneurs to give back to society." The Pledge's service is paid for by sponsors, partners, and private donors, and is offered free to entrepreneurs. Founders Pledge also offers post-exit support, including charity sourcing, due diligence and impact reporting.
At launch, £18.5m was pledged by leaders of 50 UK technology companies, including Alex Depledge of Hassle.com, José Neves of Farfetch, Ben Medlock from SwiftKey and James Alexander of Zopa. Founder's Pledge has facilitated the giving of $15.5 million to charities of donors' choices and has secured a further $180 million in legally binding pledges.
In March 2016 Founders Pledge launched Founders of the Future, a philanthropic initiative that uses artificial intelligence and recommendations to uncover entrepreneurial talent in the 15–35 age group who are not currently founders.
Founders Pledge has also entered partnerships with US seed accelerators MassChallenge and Y Combinator, to obtain pledges from their funded companies.
Personal life
Goodwin is married to Flora Hesketh, the daughter of Alexander Fermor-Hesketh, 3rd Baron Hesketh, the former Conservative Party treasurer.
Goodwin's hobbies include sailing. In 2012 they campaigned the J/109 Harlequin, becoming the overall winner at Cowes Week 2012 for both the White Group, J/109 group, and Cowes Week overall.
Awards and Recognition
The Financial Times has described Goodwin as "...one of London's best-connected media dealmakers."
Has been featured in GQ Magazine's 100 Most Connected Men 2014
Has been featured in the 2014 Wired 100 list of Europe's top digital influencers.
References
External links
Alvarium
Founders Forum
Founders Pledge
Alumni of the University of Nottingham
British investors
British investment bankers
Businesspeople in software
Conservative Party (UK) donors
English businesspeople
English nonprofit businesspeople
Entrepreneurship organizations
English philanthropists
People educated at Charterhouse School
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Private equity and venture capital investors
1972 births
Living people
Social entrepreneurs
Tomb TT192, located in the necropolis of El-Assasif in Thebes, Egypt, is the tomb of Kheruef, also called Senaa, who was Steward to the Great Royal Wife Tiye, during the reign of Amenhotep III. It is located in El-Assasif, part of the Theban Necropolis.
TT192 complex
The tomb of Kheruef is large enough to have several later tombs associated with it, or placed within its substructure. These tombs date from the 19th Dynasty all the way to the late period.
Tombs TT189 (annex), TT190 (Esbanebdjed) and TT191 (Wahibre-nebpehti) have their entries on the east side of the north wall of the courtyard of Kheruef's tomb. The tombs date to the Late Period.
Tombs TT189 (Nakhtdjehuty) and TT194 (Thutemhab) have entrances off the east side of the courtyard of TT193. A stela of TT193 is located in front of these structures.
Tombs TT195 (Bakenamun), TT196 (Padihorresnet), TT406 (Piay) and TT364 (Amenemhab) have entries located on the south wall of the courtyard.
Tomb TT407 (Bintenduanetjer) is located off the south side of the first columned hall of Kheruef's tomb.
Decoration
The reliefs in the tomb contain depictions of Tiye, Amenhotep III (shown as a weak and elderly figure in some decorations) and Akhenaten (named as Amenhotep). Hence, its decoration program started late in the final years of Amenhotep III and the earliest phase of Akhenaten's reign.
See also
List of Theban tombs
References
Buildings and structures completed in the 15th century BC
Theban tombs
Buildings and structures of the Eighteenth Dynasty of Egypt
Fremont Speedway, also known as "The Track That Action Built" and "Home of the Stars", is a semi-banked 1/3 mile clay oval speedway located at the Sandusky County Fairgrounds in Fremont, Ohio, United States. Races are typically held on Saturday nights. Regular events include 410 cubic inch sprint cars, 305 cubic inch sprint cars, and dirt trucks. The speedway also is hosting the American Late Model Series, and new for the 2012 season, is a Run What You Brung. The speedway has previously hosted the National Sprint Tour, and United States Auto Club, and World of Outlaws.
Track records
History
The first automobile race was held at the Sandusky County Fairgrounds on Sunday, June 7, 1936 when the International Speedway Association leased the half-mile horse track for a Big Cars race. Big Cars, as they were known, were the forerunners to today's sprint cars. An estimated 7,000 people attended the first race as Clay Corbitt picked up the feature win. Despite the success of the first race, it would be 12 years before Fremont hosted another auto race. On September 19, 1948, the Tri-State Racing Association leased the fairgrounds for a racing program billed as the Tri-State Racing Association's Championship. Over 4,000 fans were in attendance to watch Red Bales win the feature event.
In the fall of 1951, Joe and Dorothy Stelter and Harry Maynor of Toledo, Ohio founded Fremont Speedway. Their original track was just over 1/10 of a mile in length and nearly flat. On September 30, 1951, a crowd of 1,500 attended Fremont Speedway's first official race. 38 drivers took part in the 20 lap feature event, which was won by Leo Caldwell of Perrysburg.
In 1952, Maynor sold their interest in the speedway to Frank Jensen of Toledo, and Wayne Wall of Toledo purchased an interest in 1953. Wall sold out in 1954 and the Stelters and Jensen operated the track until 1957 when a local Fremont business person, Don Emick, purchased Jensen's stock. This operation continued until 1960 when Emick sold out, leaving Joe and Dot as the sole owners. After Joe's sudden death in 1962, Dot decided to continue and became one of the first female promoters in the country. Dot later married Paul Szakovits and they helped to operate the track. Dot promoted the speedway until 1976 when longtime announcer Gary Kern purchased the facility.
During the 1990s, the facility changed hands many times. In 1994 Joseph Darr became a partner with Kern. Delphos, Ohio resident Ken Langhals operated the speedway in 1995. In 1996 Kelly Applegate purchased the speedway, followed by Ken Meggitt in 1997. The track then sat idle for two years until Jim Ford, a former driver and sprint car owner from Elmore, Ohio, leased the track from the Sandusky County Fair Board. Ford reopened the track in 2000 with many improvements. In 2007, Ford stepped down as promoter due to health issues. The fair board elected Rich Farmer and Andy James as co-promoters of the speedway in 2008. In 2010, Emods competed at the speedway for the first time ever.
The speedway has become a pioneer in dirt track racing over the years. It was one of the first tracks in the nation to run the now popular 305 sprint car division. In 2000, Jim Ford created the dirt truck division as an affordable entry level into dirt track racing. Similar divisions have since spread across the nation. The speedway was also the first dirt track in the nation to incorporate soft wall technology.
The speedway has hosted many nationally renowned race car drivers including Steve Kinser, Sammy Swindell, Jeff Gordon, Dave Blaney, Kasey Kahne, Brad Doty, and Doug Wolfgang. "The Ohio Traveler" Rick Ferkel began their storied career with a victory at the speedway. The speedway has also hosted nearly 100 All Star Circuits of Champions events, earning it the nickname "Home of the Stars."
Hall of Fame
The following people have been inducted in Fremont Speedway's Hall of Fame.
Racers with three or more Championships (Active Divisions)
410 Sprint Cars/Super Sprint: 8 Championships; Mark Keegan. 5 Championships; Jim Linder. 4 Championships; Gug Keegan and Al Franks. 3 Championships; John Ivy and Byron Reed
305 Sprint Cars: 3 Championships; Bryan Scott and Stuart Brubaker
Dirt Trucks: 4 Championships; Steve Sabo
All-time win list
The following drivers sit at the top ten of Fremont Speedway's all-time feature win list (as of April 5, 2012).
References
External links
Fremont Speedway
Dirt oval race tracks in the United States
Motorsport venues in Ohio
Buildings and structures in Fremont, Ohio
Tourist attractions in Sandusky County, Ohio
The Murchison-Rushworth Rail Trail is a multi use bicycle and walking path being constructed along the former train line between Murchison and Rushworth in north central Victoria, Australia. As of November 2013, two kilometres of trail have been constructed at Rushworth, while another ten kilometres at the Murchison end are scheduled for completion by June 2014.
References
Rail trails in Victoria (Australia)
Zâmbreasca is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Zâmbreasca.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
The Sparta Athletic and Benevolent Association Football Club, better known as Chicago Sparta, is one of the longest continually established soccer clubs in the United States. Founded in 1917, it was one of the dominant teams from Chicago, Illinois from the mid-1920s to the late 1940s.
History
In 1915, immigrant Czechs living in Chicago, Illinois formed a social sports organization which they named the Sparta Athletic and Benevolent Association. In 1917, several players from Chicago Slavia joined Sparta A and BA to form the core of Sparta's soccer club. This team, known at times as Sparta A and BA or Sparta ABA, is best known simply as Chicago Sparta. In 1922, Sparta joined the Chicago Major League. However, up to 1923, Sparta had remained an undistinguished amateur recreational team. That year, it signed several Czechs who had recently immigrated to the United States. These proved to be exceptional players and they quickly brought Sparta to the top of the city's soccer hierarchy. At the time, Chicago was dominated by ethnic British leagues, but during the early 1920, several new leagues were formed to meet the needs of other expatriate teams. There are no records of which of these leagues Sparta played in, but in 1926, it joined the St. Louis Soccer League which was attempting to expand throughout the Midwest United States. Sparta played only four games, a 2-1-1 record, before withdrawing on November 16, 1926. It then joined Chicago's International League, winning nine titles before moving to the new National Soccer League of Chicago in 1937. It won that season's title, then no more. However, by that time, it was gaining attention at the national level, winning the 1938 National Challenge Cup and earning a co-championship in the 1940 National Challenge Cup. In 1938, Sparta rejoined the St. Louis Soccer League. This time, it won the league title, their last in team history. In 1969, Sparta tied for the Peel Cup title with Chicago Kickers, never to win a national or state competition after that year.
International Friendlies
Several clubs toured North America in the 1920s and 1930s. When large crowds were expected, events were scheduled to take place at venues such as Comiskey Park or Soldier Field. On May 6, 1927 Sparta played Hakoah Vienna to a 2-2 draw in front of 12,000 fans at Comiskey Park.
Touring clubs that played Sparta at Sparta Stadium (located at 21st Street & South Kostner) included:
Sparta Stadium
Sparta Stadium stood at 21st Street and South Kostner. As early as 1921, the Chicago Tribune reported scheduled games and results at "Sparta Field", and games at Sparta Stadium were widely reported throughout the 1920s, 1930s, and 1940s. The largest recorded attendance at Sparta Stadium was 9,000 when Sparta hosted SK Kladno (Czech) on September 9, 1934. The last soccer game the Chicago Tribune reported at Sparta Stadium was in November 1953. Shortly thereafter, Sparta Stadium was leveled and paved as a parking lot for nearby factories.
Year-by-year
Honors
National Challenge Cup
Winner (2): 1938, 1940
Runner-Up (1): 1947
Peel Cup
Winner (12): 1928, 1929, 1930, 1931, 1932, 1933, 1937, 1939, 1946, 1947, 1948, 1969
League Championship
Winner (9): 1928, 1930, 1931, 1932, 1933, 1934, 1935, 1936, 1939
External links
St. Louis Soccer League standings
National Soccer League champions
Peel Cup
1945 Team Photo
Sparta Stadium Location
Association football clubs established in 1917
Czech-American culture in Chicago
Defunct soccer clubs in Illinois
S
St. Louis Soccer League teams
National Soccer League (Chicago) teams
1917 establishments in Illinois
U.S. Open Cup winners
Martin Carl Philipp Gropius (11 August 1824, Berlin – 13 December 1880) was a German architect.
Life
Gropius studied at the Bauakademie in Berlin and after graduation worked as a private architect. They received artistic direction from Karl Friedrich Schinkel and Karl Bötticher and continued their studies with prolonged trips through Greece and Italy.
In 1856 Gropius was appointed to a professorship at the Academy of Applied Art and was later a member of the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities as well as the Austrian Academy of Sciences. Until their death they worked with Heino Schmieden to develop Fa. Gropius & Schmieden, one of the largest architecture firms in Berlin.
Martin Gropius was the great-uncle of architect and Bauhaus founder Walter Gropius.
The present-day Martin Gropius Bau in Berlin was built in 1881 based on plans by Martin Gropius and Heino Schmieden as an applied art museum (the Kunstgewerbemuseum Berlin). It was constructed in the style of the Italian Renaissance and has a central atrium. Mosaics with allegories from various ages and the coats of arms of German states decorate the spaces between windows.
After World War I the Bau housed the Museum of Pre- and Early History as well as the oriental art collection. In the last weeks of the Second World War the building was bombed. Reconstruction of the building began in 1978 after it was placed under protection for historic preservation in 1966. Another restoration took place in 1999/2000. Today the Martin Gropius Bau is an important space for special exhibits of all kinds.
Martin Gropius is buried at Dreifaltigkeitsfriedhof 2 in the Kreuzberg neighborhood of Berlin.
Works
Along with representative buildings (e.g. the University in Kiel and the Gewandhaus in Leipzig), many clinics and hospitals were built in Berlin and Brandenburg based on Gropius's designs.
Martin Gropius Krankenhaus (Neuro-Psychiatric Hospital) in Neustadt-Eberswalde
Ungern-Sternberg palace in Tallinn, nowadays the main building of Estonian Academy of Sciences (1865–1868)
Friedrichshain Hospital in Berlin (1868–74), with Heino Schmieden
Hospital in Wiesbaden
University Building in Kiel (1873–76)
Military Hospital in Tempelhof, Berlin (1875–77)
Manor House in Neuruppin-Gentzrode (1876–1877)
Applied Art Museum (Martin Gropius Bau) in Kreuzberg, Berlin (1877–81), with Heino Schmieden
Second Gewandhaus in Leipzig (1882–84), completed by Heino Schmieden after Gropius's death.
Old Library at the University of Greifswald
Bureau of Mines in Saarbrücken (1877–1880)
Prussian Eastern Railway Headquarters in Bromberg, now Bydgoszcz, Poland
Many houses and villas in Berlin and its environs were built based on Gropius's designs. For example:
the Heesesche Villa at Lützow-Ufer
the Bleichrödersche Villa in Charlottenburg
the Mendelssohn House (with Heino Schmieden)
the Gruner-Haus
the Lessing-Haus
the Schloss Biesdorf
the Manor House Schloss Calberwisch bei Osterburg/Altmark (gemeinsam mit Heino Schmieden)
See also
Prussian Eastern Railway Headquarters in Bydgoszcz
References
Literature
Own Writings
Martin Gropius: Die Provinzial-Irren-Anstalt zu Neustadt-Eberswalde. Ernst & Korn, Berlin 1869.
Karl Friedrich Schinkel: Dekorationen innerer Räume. Acht Blatt, hrsg. von Martin Gropius. Ernst & Korn, Berlin 1874.
Martin Gropius: Das Städtische Allgemeine Krankenhaus im Friedrichshain zu Berlin. Ernst & Korn, Berlin 1876.
Martin Gropius, Heino Schmieden: Dekorationen innerer Räume. Ernst & Korn, Berlin 1877,1-3.
Martin Gropius (Hrsg.): Archiv für ornamentale Kunst. Red. durch Martin Gropius, hrsg. v. Deutsches Gewerbe-Museum Berlin. Mit erl. Text von L. Lohde. Winkelmann-Springer, Berlin 1870-71.
Further reading
V. von Weltzien (Hrsg.): Das zweite Garnison-Lazareth für Berlin bei Tempelhof. Nach dem vom Königlichen Kriegs-Ministerium aufgestellten Bauprogramm entworfen und ausgeführt von Gropius & Schmieden. Ernst & Korn, Berlin 1879.
Gropius in Eberswalde. Gropius-Bau der Landesklinik Eberswalde. be-bra, Berlin 2002.
Barbara Happe, Martin S. Fischer: Haus Auerbach von Walter Gropius mit Adolf Meyer. Wasmuth, Tübingen-Berlin 2003.
External links
1824 births
1880 deaths
Artists from Berlin
Members of the Austrian Academy of Sciences
Members of the Prussian Academy of Sciences
People from the Province of Brandenburg
Historicist architects
19th-century German architects
Paul G. Ramchandani is a British consultant child and adolescent psychiatrist, and the first LEGO Professor of Play in Education, Development and Learning at the University of Cambridge, appointed in January 2018.
Ramchandani is Professor of Child and Adolescent Mental Health at Imperial College London, and works as a consultant child and adolescent psychiatrist in the NHS with CNWL NHS Foundation Trust.
Selected publications
Barker B, Iles JE, Ramchandani PG, 2017, Fathers, fathering and child psychopathology, Current Opinion in Psychology, Vol:15, , Pages:87-92
Iles JE, Rosan C, Wilkinson E, et al., 2017, Adapting and developing a video-feedback intervention for co-parents of infants at risk of externalising behaviour problems (VIPP-Co): A feasibility study., Clin Child Psychol Psychiatry
Marcano Belisario JS, Doherty K, O'Donoghue J, et al., 2017, A bespoke mobile application for the longitudinal assessment of depression and mood during pregnancy: protocol of a feasibility study., Bmj Open, Vol:7
Marcano-Belisario JS, Gupta AK, O'Donoghue J, et al., 2017, Implementation of depression screening in antenatal clinics through tablet computers: results of a feasibility study, Bmc Medical Informatics and Decision Making, Vol:17,
Sethna V, Perry E, Domoney J, et al., 2017, FATHER-CHILD INTERACTIONS AT 3 MONTHS AND 24 MONTHS: CONTRIBUTIONS TO CHILDREN'S COGNITIVE DEVELOPMENT AT 24 MONTHS., Infant Ment Health J, Vol:38, Pages:378-390
References
Living people
Academics of Imperial College London
British psychiatrists
Year of birth missing (living people)
There are at least 114 named mountains in Park County, Montana.
Antelope Butte, , el.
Antelope Butte, , el.
Arrow Peak, , el.
Ash Mountain, , el.
Baboon Mountain, , el.
Baker Mountain, , el.
Bald Knob, , el.
Bald Mountain, , el.
Black Mountain, , el.
Black Mountain, , el.
Black Mountain, , el.
Boulder Mountain, , el.
Buffalo Butte, , el.
Buffalo Mountain, , el.
Bull Mountain, , el.
Cairn Mountain, , el.
Canyon Mountain, , el.
Carbonate Mountain, , el.
Cedar Butte, , el.
Chico Peak, , el.
Choke-To-Death Butte, , el.
Cinnabar Mountain, , el.
Conical Peak, , el.
Courthouse Mountain, , el.
Crevice Mountain, , el.
Crow Mountain, , el.
Crown Butte, , el.
Crystal Cross Mountain, , el.
Cutoff Mountain, , el.
Deaf Jim Knob, , el.
Dexter Point, , el.
Dome Mountain, , el.
Electric Peak, , el.
Elephanthead Mountain, , el.
Elk Mountain, , el.
Emigrant Peak, , el.
Fisher Mountain, , el.
Glacier Peak, , el.
Gobblers Knob, , el.
Granite Peak, , el.
Granite Peak, , el.
Green Mountain, , el.
Hanlon Hill, , el.
Hellroaring Mountain, , el.
Henderson Mountain, , el.
High Mountain, , el.
Hole-In-The Rock, , el.
Horse Mountain, , el.
Horseshoe Mountain, , el.
Hummingbird Peak, , el.
Ibex Mountain, , el.
Iceberg Peak, , el.
Iddings Peak, , el.
Iron Mountain, , el.
Kavanaugh Hills, , el.
Knowles Peak, , el.
Lion Mountain, , el.
Livingston Peak, , el.
Lookout Mountain, , el.
Mans Foot Mountain, , el.
Marten Peak, , el.
Meldrum Mountain, , el.
Meridian Peak, , el.
Middle Mountain, , el.
Miller Mountain, , el.
Mineral Hill, , el.
Mineral Mountain, , el.
Mineral Mountain, , el.
Monitor Peak, , el.
Moolsh Hill, , el.
Mount Abundance, , el.
Mount Cowen, , el.
Mount Delano, , el.
Mount Fox, , el.
Mount Greeley, , el.
Mount McKnight, , el.
Mount Rae, , el.
Mount Villard, , el.
Mount Wallace, , el.
Mount Wilse, , el.
Mount Zimmer, , el.
Mystic Mountain, , el.
Oregon Mountain, , el.
Oxide Mountain, , el.
Palmer Mountain, , el.
Pine Mountain, , el.
Rattlesnake Butte, , el.
Red Mountain, , el.
Republic Mountain, , el.
Roundhead Butte, , el.
Sawtooth Mountain, , el.
Sawtooth Mountain, , el.
Scotch Bonnet Mountain, , el.
Sheep Mountain, , el.
Sheep Mountain, , el.
Sheep Mountain, , el.
Sheep Mountain, , el.
Sheepherder Peak, , el.
Shooting Star Mountain, , el.
Sliding Mountain, , el.
Sphinx Mountain, , el.
Sugar Loaf Mountain, , el.
Sugarloaf Mountain, , el.
Sunlight Peak, , el.
Sunset Peak, , el.
Sunset Peak, , el.
The Needles, , el.
The Pyramid, , el.
Turkey Pen Peak, , el.
War Eagle Mountain, , el.
Wilsall Peak, , el.
Wineglass Mountain, , el.
Wolf Mountain, , el.
Wolverine Peak, , el.
See also
List of mountains in Montana
List of mountain ranges in Montana
Notes
Park
The Paw Paw River is located in the U.S. state of Michigan in the southwest portion of the lower peninsula. It is formed by the confluence of the north and south branches at in Waverly Township in the northeast of Van Buren County. It flows approximately through Van Buren County and Berrien County until joining the St. Joseph River just above its mouth on Lake Michigan at Benton Harbor.
History
Native Americans named the Paw Paw River after the paw paw fruit that grew abundantly along the river's banks.
Ecology and conservation
The watershed includes rare Great Lakes marshes and floodplain forests, which serve as habitats for migratory birds such as the prothonotary warbler (commonly known as the golden swamp warbler), as well as the endangered Mitchell's satyr butterfly. Other rare species include the massasauga rattlesnake and the spotted turtle.
In November 2003, The Nature Conservancy announced the purchase of 139 acres (0.6 km2) in the Paw Paw Prairie Fen, located in the East Branch of the river near Mattawan. The Sarett Nature Center owns 800 acres (3.2 km2) of along the river in Berrien County, just north of Benton Harbor.
The Paw Paw River has 39 species of fish including walleye, bass, bluegill, black crappie, and northern pike. The mainstem is a coolwater stream as evidenced by the presence of burbot and mottled sculpin, it also contains hornyhead chub, common shiner, johnny darter, and walleye. Several riparian wetlands provide excellent habitat for northern pike. The fish community near the mouth is influenced by its proximity to Lake Michigan, and steelhead trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) are stocked there. Potamodromous trout and salmon have access to most of the river system, and are shore-fished in the fall upstream of Hartford. There are 24 registered dams within the Paw Paw River sub-watershed, but these dams are all low head dams or on small tributaries, so potamodromous trout and salmon can migrate into its headwaters at Campbell Creek.
Watershed
The watershed covers about , mostly in Van Buren County, and also drains a tiny portion of Kalamazoo County.
Tributaries of the main branch include:
Sand Creek and Blue Creek in Benton Township
Ryno Drain in Coloma
Mill Creek near Watervliet
Paw Paw Lake and Little Paw Paw Lake (in Berrien County) near Watervliet
Pine Creek between Hartford and Watervliet
Mud Lake Drain between Hartford and Watervliet
Hog Creek near Hartford
Brush Creek near Lawrence
Carter Creek between Paw Paw and Lawrence
North branch tributaries include:
Brandywine Creek
Hayden Creek
Ritter Creek
Todd Drain
Campbell Creek
The north branch headwaters arise in springs near the Wolf Lake State Fish Hatchery.
South branch tributaries include:
The east branch is about 8.5 miles (14 km) long and arises from two main sources: Paw Paw Lake (in Kalamazoo County) and Mattawan Creek in the village of Mattawan. It joins the South Branch in the city of Paw Paw.
Three Mile Lake Drain, south of Paw Paw
Eagle Lake Drain, south of Paw Paw
Lawton Drain, east of Lawton
The south branch headwaters arise in Decatur Township in eastern Van Buren County.
References
External links
the Nature Conservancy purchase
1995 DNR survey of the East Branch
Paw Paw River Watershed
Paw Paw River Watershed Management Plan
Sarett Nature Center
Southwest Michigan Planning Commission
Two Rivers Coalition
Rivers of Michigan
Rivers of Berrien County, Michigan
Rivers of Van Buren County, Michigan
Tributaries of Lake Michigan
eROSITA is an X-ray instrument built by the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics (MPE) in Germany. It is part of the Russian–German Spektr-RG space observatory, which also carries the Russian telescope ART-XC. It was launched by Roscosmos on 13 July 2019 from Baikonur, and deployed in a 6-month halo orbit around the second Lagrange point (L2). It began collecting data in October 2019. Due to the breakdown of institutional cooperation between Germany and Russia after the invasion of Ukraine, the instrument stopped collecting data on February 26, 2022.
Overview
eROSITA was originally designed by the ESA for the International Space Station, and it was concluded in 2005 that its accommodation on a dedicated free flyer would provide significantly improved scientific output. The eROSITA telescopes are based on the design of the ABRIXAS observatory launched in April 1999, whose battery was accidentally overcharged and destroyed three days after the mission started.
The plan was eROSITA imaging the entire sky in the X-ray band for seven years. The eROSITA all-sky survey (eRASS) was the first image of the entire sky in the 2-10 keV band. In the 0.3-2 keV band, it is expected to be 25 times more sensitive than the pioneering ROSAT mission of the 1990s, and will effectively supersede it. eROSITA is expected to detect 100,000 galaxy clusters, 3 million active galactic nuclei and 700,000 stars in the Milky Way. The primary science goal is to measure dark energy through the structure and history of the Universe traced by galaxy clusters.
eROSITA was launched on 13 July 2019 by Roscosmos from Baikonur. It achieved first light on 17 October 2019 and completed its first all-sky survey on 11 June 2020. In the summer of 2021 the first eROSITA X-ray data release to the public was announced. The operations of eROSITA were suspended on 26 February 2022 after the Russian attack into Ukraine. The science operations of the instrument were paused, but the analysis of the data already received in Germany continued. At the time, eROSITA had completed four of its planned eight full-sky surveys. In June 2022, Roscosmos announced its intent to restore the operation of eROSITA unilaterally, which was criticized by experts for its potential to damage the telescope.
Construction
The telescope consists of seven identical Wolter-type mirror modules with 54 nested gold-coated mirrors. The mirrors are arranged to collect the high-energy X-ray photons and guide them to the eROSITA X-ray sensitive cameras. The cameras were also custom-built at MPE, with X-ray CCDs manufactured from high-purity silicon. For optimum performance, the cameras are cooled to .
Instruments
Collaboration
eROSITA was developed at the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics in collaboration with institutes in Bamberg, Hamburg, Potsdam und Tübingen. The instrument principal investigator is Peter Predehl. The project scientist is Andrea Merloni. The German eROSITA consortium has members from institutes all across Germany, but also from international institutes, and has established collaborations with ground-based telescopes for follow-up observations of the millions of sources that will be detected by eROSITA.
Science results
First science verification results were released on October 22, 2019, including high-resolution spectra of Supernova 1987a, images of the Large Magellanic Cloud and galaxy clusters, as well as light curves of a highly variable Active Galactic Nuclei.
The first all-sky survey was completed on June 11, 2020, cataloging 1.1 million sources, including mostly Active Galactic Nuclei (77%), stars with strong, magnetically active hot coronae (20%) and clusters of galaxies (2%), but also bright X-ray binaries, supernova remnants, extended star-forming regions as well as transients such as Gamma-Ray Bursts. The map includes extended features of the Milky Way, including mushroom-like bubbles and absorbing galactic gas in the disk (blue).
See also
Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope
References
External links
Home page of eROSITA
Nature news article
eROSITA science book
Simulations of the expected X-ray sky
Project news on Twitter
Video animation
Space telescopes
X-ray telescopes
The Bréguet-Richet Gyroplane was an early French experimental quadcopter rotary-wing aircraft developed by Bréguet Aviation.
Design and development
The Gyroplane No.I was one of the earliest attempts to create a practical rotary-wing aircraft. It was designed by the Bréguet brothers with help from Professor Charles Richet. The aircraft had an uncovered open steel framework with a seat for the pilot and a powerplant at the centre. Radiating from the central structure were four wire-braced tubular steel arms, each bearing a superimposed pair of four-bladed rotors. To eliminate the torque effect, two rotor sets were driven clockwise and two counter-clockwise.
Operational service
On 29 September 1907, the Gyroplane No.I was flown for the first time, albeit to an elevation of only . It was not a free flight, as four men were used to steady the structure. It was neither controllable nor steerable, but it was the first time that a rotary-wing device had lifted itself and a pilot into the air. It later flew up to 1.52 m (4.99 ft) above the ground. The design was improved and the Gyroplane No.II appeared the following year. No.II had two two-blade rotors of 7.85 m (25.75 ft) diameter and also had fixed wings. Powered by a 41 kW (55 hp) Renault engine, it was reported to have flown successfully more than once in 1908. No.II was damaged in a heavy landing and was rebuilt as the No.IIbis. It flew at least once in April 1909 before being destroyed when the company's works were badly damaged in a severe storm.
Specifications (No.I)
See also
References
Notes
Bibliography
Young, Warren R. The Helicopters. "The Epic of Flight". Chicago: Time-Life Books, 1982. .
Gyroplane
1900s French experimental aircraft
1900s French helicopters
Aircraft first flown in 1907
Quadrotors
Single-engined piston helicopters
Pacurius () was a Chosroid prince of the Kingdom of Iberia (Kartli, eastern Georgia), and a military commander in the Roman service in Italy.
Their name is presumably a Latinized rendition of the Georgian Bakur, being a form of the Greek Bakour (), itself a variant of the Middle Iranian Pakur, derived from Old Iranian bag-puhr ('son of a god'). The name "Bakur" is the Georgian (ბაკურ) and Armenian (Բակուր) attestation of Middle Iranian Pakur.
Pacurius was a son of Peranius and cousin of Phazas. They served as a general under the emperor Justinian I. During the Gothic War (535–554), they were sent, together with Sergius, to reinforce Belisarius in Calabria in 547. In 552, they commanded the Roman troops in Hydruntum and negotiated the surrender of Tarentum and Acherontia and their Gothic commandants Ragnaris and Moras. When Ragnaris attempted to outplay the Romans and took fifty of their soldiers hostage, Pacurius marched against them and won a decisive victory.
References
6th-century military personnel
Byzantine people of Georgian descent
Byzantine generals
Georgian princes
People of the Gothic War (535–554)
Chosroid dynasty
The 17th Scripps National Spelling Bee was held in Washington, District of Columbia on May 28, 1941. This was the first year that Scripps-Howard (now E.W. Scripps Company) hosted the event.
The winner was 13-year-old Louis Edward Sissman of Detroit, Michigan, correctly spelling the word initials. Phyllis Davis of Ohio placed second, misspelling "chrysanthemum" (which Sissman proceeded to spell correctly), and third went to 13-year-old Homer Lyon, Jr., of Miami, Florida, who fell on "ague".
The first place prize was $500, followed by $300 for second.
As of 2017, Sissman is the only winner of the Bee from Michigan. At the time of their win, it was widely reported that they were the first boy to win since 1927, apparently overlooking that Ward Randall won in 1931, which was still a ten-year gap.
References
External links
Photograph of 1941 top three, Scripps National Spelling Bee instagram post (December 17, 2015)
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
1941 in education
1941 awards
1941 in Washington, D.C.
May 1941 events
Jácanas is a barrio in the municipality of Yabucoa, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 3,246.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Jácanas barrio was 1,101.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Jácanas barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Yabucoa, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Yabucoa, Puerto Rico
Living Britain is a six-part nature documentary series, made by the BBC Natural History Unit, transmitted from October to December 1999. It was narrated by Samuel West and produced by Peter Crawford. It examines British wildlife over the course of one year. Each of the programmes takes place in a different time of year.
Episodes
1. "Deepest Winter" (31 October 1999)
Looks at Britain in the grip of winter featuring Eurasian otters, eagles, waders, swans, squirrels, red foxes, toads and deer.
2. "Spring" (7 November 1999)
Follows the arrival of spring as it moves north featuring barn swallow, newt, eel, polecat, red kite and wildflowers.
3. "Early Summer" (14 November 1999)
Follows the changing seasons with the arrival of early summer featuring may-flies, moles, northern gannets and phalaropes.
4. "High Summer" (21 November 1999)
Midsummer is a busy time for insects, grouse & merlins rear their young & basking sharks visit our shores.
5. "Autumn" (28 November 1999)
Autumn is a dramatic time of change – birds migrate, red deer rut, leaves change colour & fungi abound.
6. "Winter Reflections" (5 December 1999)
Looks at the influence of people on Britain's wildlife in the past & looks ahead to the new millennium.
External links
BBC television documentaries
1999 British television series debuts
1999 British television series endings
English-language television shows
Trahlyta was a woman in Cherokee legend who is said to have lived in the North Georgia Mountains near present-day Dahlonega in the United States. Trahlyta supposedly drank from a nearby Fountain of Youth to maintain their renowned beauty. The warrior Wahsega courted her, but Trahlyta rejected their courtship, and the angered warrior kidnapped and imprisoned Trahlyta in some unknown location away from the beauty's mountain home. Trahlyta longed to see their home again, but their captor did not relent, and they grew weak and died.
Them dying wish, according to the legend, was to be buried in the mountain forests whence they came. According to the historical marker at the site of their supposed grave, "custom arose among the Indians and later the Whites to drop stones, one for each passerby, on their grave for good fortune." Today there is a pile of stones reaching at least five feet high.
Trahlyta's beloved home was said to be in the vicinity of Cedar Mountain. Them "fountain of youth" is often associated with nearby Porter Springs, where a resort community operated in the late 1800s and early 1900s for people who believed the waters had healthful properties. The site of the rockpile over their alleged grave, complete with a historical marker, is called Stonepile Gap. These are all minor tourist attractions.
Lake Trahlyta in Union County, Georgia is named after the Indian maiden.
References
External links
Stonepile Gap, north of Dahlonega, Georgia
Trahlyta's Grave historical marker
Cherokee mythology
People from Georgia (U.S. state)
Mexico competed at the 2017 World Games held in Wrocław, Poland.
Archery
Rodolfo González and Linda Ochoa won the silver medal in the mixed team compound event.
Bowling
Sandra Góngora and Tannya López won the bronze medal in the women's doubles event.
Ju-jitsu
Dan Schon won the gold medal in the men's ne-waza 85 kg event.
Eduardo Gutiérrez won the bronze medal in the men's fighting 69 kg event.
Track speed skating
Mike Páez won the bronze medal in the men's 10000 metre points elimination event.
References
Nations at the 2017 World Games
2017 in Mexican sports
2017
Murugesan may refer to:
K. Murugesan Anandan, member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India
Murugesan Kulasegaran (born 1957), Malaysian politician and barrister
Murugesan Mahendran (born 1947), Malaysian field hockey player
A. Nanjil Murugesan, Indian politician
Arun Murugesan, Indian Weightlifter
D. Murugesan, Indian politician
D Murugesan, former Chief Justice of Delhi High Court
Meesai Murugesan (1930–2014), veteran actor and musician in Tamil films
P. Murugesan, politician
Parasurama Naidu Murugesan, former Flag Officer of the Indian Navy
Rajesh Murugesan (born 1988), Indian music composer including Malayalam cinema
S. Murugesan, Indian politician and former Member of Parliament
Shurentheran Murugesan (born 1956), Malaysian field hockey player
Vasuki Murugesan, politician
T. S. Murugesan Pillai (1870–1930), Telugu writer, poet and translator
Murugesan Sinnandavar (born 1967), social activist in Selangor, Malaysia
Ranjeet Virali-Murugesan (born 1985), Indian tennis player
See also
Vedigundu Murugesan (transl. Bomb Murugesan), a 2009 Tamil-language comedy film
Margeson
Margesson
Margison
The Apostolic Administration of Harbin (哈爾濱 or 中文) is a pre-diocesan Latin Catholic jurisdiction in Manchuria (northeast China).
It is exempt, i.e. directly subject to the Holy See (not part of any ecclesiastical province) and its Roman Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Cathedral of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, in Harbin, Heilongjiang province, PR China.
History
It was established on 28 May 1931 as Apostolic Administration of Harbin, on territory split off from the Apostolic Vicariate of Siberia (Czarist Russian empire).
Initially the Holy See only nominated Italians from the papal diplomacy, but from 2011 it has its native incumbent.
However, from 1959, an "alternative" line of the national church without papal mandate was set up by the PRC.
Ordinaries
(all Roman Rite)
Apostolic Administrators of Harbin 哈爾濱
Celso Benigno Luigi Costantini (剛恆毅) (1931.05.28 – 1933.11.03), previously Apostolic Administrator of Rijeka (Croatia) (1920.04.30 – 1921.07.21) and Titular Bishop of Hierapolis (1921.07.22 – 1922.09.09), then Apostolic Delegate (papal diplomatic envoy) to China (1922.08.12 – 1933.11.03) and Titular Archbishop of Theodosiopolis in Arcadia (1922.09.09 – 1953.01.12), Founder of Congregation of the Disciples of the Lord (1931.03.31); later Secretary of Sacred Congregation of the Propagation of the Faith (1935.12.20 – retired 1953.01.12), created Cardinal-Priest of Ss. Nereo ed Achilleo (1953.01.15 – 1958.06.09), Chancellor of Apostolic Chancery (1954.05.22 – 1958.10.17), cardinal title transferred to Cardinal-Priest of S. Lorenzo in Damaso (1958.06.09 – death 1958.10.17)
Mario Zanin (蔡寧) (1934.01.07 – 1946), Titular Archbishop of Trajanopolis in Rhodope (1933.11.28 – death 1958.08.04), later as Apostolic Delegate to China (1934.01.07 – 1946), Apostolic Nuncio (papal ambassador) to Chile (1947.03.21 – 1953.02.07), Apostolic Nuncio to Argentina (1953.02.07 – death 1958.08.04)
Joseph Yue Fusheng (2012.07.06), first native (since September 22, 2018 recognized by Vatican).
References
Sources and external links
GCatholic, with Google map and satellite photo
Apostolic administrations
Roman Catholic dioceses in China
Christianity in Heilongjiang
Organizations based in Harbin
Ewan Balfour Ferlie FBA (born May 1956) is a British social scientist, whose work has made an important contribution to the academic literature on public sector management. They have published widely and internationally on narratives of public management reform and also on questions of organizational change in public services organizations, especially in health care and higher education. Their well-cited works include co-authored monographs, Oxford University Press handbooks and peer reviewed articles.  They are currently professor of public services management at King's College London.
Education
Ewan Ferlie was originally educated at Kenilworth Grammar School and then Balliol College, Oxford (BA then Master of Arts, Oxon |MA]) with a first class degree in Modern History 1977, also awarded the Roger Hall prize in history; then a MSc in Social Research and Social Policy at also at Oxford 1979). In 1986, they received a PhD in Social Policy from the University of Kent. They were President of Oxford University Liberal Society in 1976.
Career
After leaving Oxford, Ewan Ferlie first worked as a researcher in the Personal Social Services Research Unit at the University of Kent (1979–86) where they also studied for their PhD (1986) and then in the Centre for Corporate Strategy and Change at Warwick Business School (1986-1997). They were a professor of public services management and then Director of Research at Imperial College Management School from 1997 to 2003. They were Professor and Head of the School of Management at Royal Holloway, University of London (2003-2008). They were head of the Department of Management at King's College London between 2008 and 2011.
They were a co-founder, chair and trustee of the Society for Studies in Organizing Healthcare, a learned society within the Academy of Social Sciences.
Honors, awards and recognition
In 2008, Ewan Ferlie was elected a fellow of the Academy of Social Sciences. They were elected a fellow of the British Academy in 2016.
Their co authored paper "The nonspread of innovations: The mediating role of professionals" received the Academy of Management Journal Best Article Award for 2005.
List of key works
Pettigrew, A., Ferlie, E. and McKee, L. (1992) Shaping Strategic Change. London: Sage.
Ferlie, E., Ashburner. L. Fitzgerald, L. and Pettigrew, A., (1996) The New Public Management in Action. Oxford: Oxford University Press.
Ferlie, E.B. and Shortell, S.M., 2001. Improving the quality of health care in the United Kingdom and the United States: A framework for change. The Milbank Quarterly, 79(2), pp. 281–315.
Ferlie, E., Fitzgerald, L., Wood, M. and Hawkins, C., 2005. The nonspread of innovations: The mediating role of professionals. Academy of Management Journal, 48(1), pp. 117–134.
Ferlie, E., Lynn Jr, L.E. and Pollitt, C. eds., 2005. The Oxford Handbook of Public Management. Oxford University Press.
Ferlie, E., Fitzgerald, L., McGivern, G., Dopson, S. and Bennett, C., 2013. Making wicked problems governable? The case of managed networks in health care. Oxford University Press.
Ferlie, E. and Ongaro, E., 2015. Strategic Management in Public Services Organizations: Concepts, Schools and Contemporary Issues. Routledge.
Ferlie, E., Montgomery, K. and Pedersen, A.R. eds., 2016. The Oxford Handbook of Health Care Management. Oxford University Press.
References
Fellows of the British Academy
Academics of King's College London
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
Alumni of the University of Kent
Academics of Imperial College London
Living people
1956 births
William Durrant Cooper (1812–1875) was an English lawyer and antiquary.
Life
Their father Thomas Cooper was a solicitor practising at Lewes; their mother was Lucy Elizabeth Durrant. They were born in Lewes on 10 January 1812, and was educated at the grammar school of Lewes. When 15 years old they became an articled clerk to their father. In Michaelmas term of 1832 they were admitted attorney and solicitor. In the following year they gave evidence on the parish registers of Sussex before a committee of the House of Commons.
In 1837 they came to live in London, and attached themselves to the parliamentary staff of the Morning Chronicle and The Times. The Duke of Norfolk gave them honorific posts as flight attendant for the leet court of Lewes borough and auditor of Skelton Castle in North Yorkshire.
They were a member of the Reform Club, and from 1837 acted as its solicitor; they also are solicitor to the vestry of St. Pancras (20 December 1858). In 1872 they were stricken with an attack of paralysis, but they lingered three years longer, dying at 81 Guilford Street, Russell Square, on 28 December 1875. They never married. Two of their brothers predeceased him; a third, with an only sister, outlived him.
Works
When Thomas Walker Horsfield undertook the task of compiling a history of Sussex, they found a helper in Cooper. The "Parliamentary History of the County of Sussex and of the several Boroughs and Cinque Ports therein" was Cooper's first publication (1834). It dealt with incidents of political intrigue and corruption. Their next work was ‘A Glossary of the Provincialisms in use in Sussex. It was superseded by collections of William Douglas Parish. "Sussex Poets" was published in 1842, and had originally been delivered as a lecture at Hastings.
In the muniment room at Skelton Cooper discovered the "Seven Letters written by Sterne and their Friends", which they edited for private circulation in 1844. Cooper contributed articles to the Sussex Archæological Collections, and for many years edited its annual volume. Their contributions to the society's transactions on "Hastings" and "The Oxenbridges of Brede Place, Sussex, and Boston, Massachusetts", and their articles in the eighth volume of its collections, were published separately.
For the Camden Society they edited:
"Lists of Foreign Protestants in England, 1618–88",
"Savile Correspondence, Letters to and from Henry Savile",
"Expenses of the Judges of Assize on Western and Oxford Circuits, 1596–1601", and
"The Trelawny Papers".
For the Shakespeare Society they edited Nicholas Udall's comedy of Ralph Roister Doister and the tragedy of Gorboduc. To the Reliquary they communicated an article on ‘Anthony Babington and the Conspiracy of 1586,' printed separately in 1862.
Many of their papers appeared in the transactions of the London and Middlesex Archæological Society, one was in the Surrey Archæological Society proceedings, and a paper on "John Cade's followers in Kent" was contributed to the Kent Society, and published as an appendix to Benjamin Brogden Orridge's "Illustrations of Jack Cade's Rebellion".
Cooper was one of the earliest contributors to Notes and Queries, and a frequent writer in Archæologia. They compiled a history of Winchelsea in 1850, and wrote for vols. viii. and xxiii. of the ‘Sussex Archæological Collection' two further papers on the same subject. Mark Anthony Lower was indebted to them for information published in the work on "Sussex Worthies".
References
Attribution
1812 births
1875 deaths
English antiquarians
People from Lewes
19th-century English lawyers
Melissa Kirsch (born 1974) is an American author who writes predominantly about media, politics, and women's issues. Them most recent book, The Girl's Guide, provides advice to women on topics ranging from financial issues to dating. Currently, Kirsch lives in New York City, blogs for the Huffington Post, and writes the "My Secret Library" column for the KGB Bar Lit.
Kirsch is from Westport, Connecticut and attended Staples High School.
As of 2017, Kirsch is the editor-in-chief of Lifehacker.  They are the host of the podcast The Upgrade.
Early life and education
Kirsch completed their undergraduate studies at the University of Virginia in 1996. They then completed a Master's in Creative Writing at New York University.
Career
Kirsch's professional writing career began in 1998 when they were working as a senior producer for Oxygen Media and editing the Girls On website. Kirsch also wrote the advice column “Ask Princess” for Oxygen Media.
Other works by Kirsch include their poem "Sleep's Underside" in Acquainted with the Night (a collection of poems about insomnia) and various articles, which have been featured in Nerve, Good Housekeeping, Ladies' Home Journal, National Geographic Traveler, New York, and Scientific American.
Kirsch wrote the advice book for women in The Girl's Guide. They also blog for the Huffington Post.
 They are editor-in-chief of the website Lifehacker and hosts the podcast The Upgrade.
They were a finalist for a James Beard Award in Journalism in 2009 and was a fellow at the MacDowell Colony in 2014.
Them poetry has been published in North American Review, Meridien, Northwest Review, Cincinnati Review, Indiana Review and Fence.
Them essay “Most Helpful Critical Review” was published in Southwest Review and was cited as a Notable Essay in Best American Essays 2015.
Selected works
The Girl's Guide to Absolutely Everything (Workman, 2007)
The Girl's Guide (Workman, 2015)
References
External links
Official site
Living people
American women writers
University of Virginia alumni
1974 births
Ziar Kola () may refer to:
Ziar Kola, Amol
Ziar Kola, Simorgh
The 1968 NC State Wolfpack football team represented North Carolina State University during the 1968 NCAA University Division football season. The Wolfpack were led by 15th-year head coach Earle Edwards and played their home games at Carter Stadium in Raleigh, North Carolina. They competed as members of the Atlantic Coast Conference, winning the conference with a record of 6–1. The Wolfpack had an overall record of 6–4 and were not invited to a bowl game.
Schedule
References
NC State
NC State Wolfpack football seasons
Atlantic Coast Conference football champion seasons
NC State Wolfpack football
Elections for the East Lothian Council took place in May 1988, alongside elections to the councils of Scotland's various other districts.
Ward Results
Labour
Musselburgh East
Musselburgh Central
Musselburgh South
Musselburgh West
Tranent/Ormiston
Carberry
Prestonpans West
Cockenzie
Prestonpans East
Gladsmuir
Lammermuir
Dunbar
Conservative
Haddington
Direleton
East Linton
North Berwick
Independent Labour
Tranent North
References
1988
1988 Scottish local elections
MV Muirneag is a ro-ro freight ferry, built in 1979 as MV Mercandian Carrier. From 1986 to 2002, they were named MV Belard, serving initially across the Irish Sea. From 2002 to 2013, they were chartered by Caledonian MacBrayne on the Stornoway to Ullapool freight crossing, until they were replaced by .
History
MV Mercandian Carrier was built in 1979 for Merc-Scandia KS in Frederikshavn, Denmark. In 1985 they were sold to P&O Irish Sea for the Belfast to Ardrossan service. They underwent an extensive refit, costing 1 million pounds and was renamed Belard, a name created from the first three letters of the ports served. In 1993, they were replaced on the Irish Sea service by the larger and faster Merchant Valiant. Them next owners, the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company, operated them across the Irish Sea. From May 1995, they carried out a variety of charters, until they were sold in January 1998 to Aabrenaa Rederi A/S of Kingstown, St. Vincent for service in Norway and the Baltic. Returning to UK waters in 2001, they were chartered for the Aberdeen to Lerwick service and then Ipswich to Ostend.
In 2002, they were purchased by Harrisons of Glasgow and entered a long-term charter to Caledonian MacBrayne for a freight service between Ullapool and Stornoway. They were renamed Muirneag, the Gaelic name of a mountain on Lewis and of a 1903 Zulu herring drifter from Stornoway, the last herring drifter in Britain to be worked by sails alone. Muirneag had a blue hull with Calmac branding and funnels. Sailing overnight across the Minch, they had to withstand extremely poor sea conditions, which they handled well. They took additional daytime crossings, to clear a backlog of commercial traffic when broke down. However poor manoeuvrability when berthing under light loading unfairly gave them the nickname 'the Olympic Flame'. In November 2005, they spent 15 hours attempting to gain access to Stornoway Harbour in a heavy storm.
By 2013, it was recognised that Muirneag was no longer viable for the overnight freight service. With safety certifications about to lapse, it was announced on 10 September 2013, that the Seatruck Ferries vessel would replace Muirneag from 21 September, pending successful berthing trials at Ullapool and Stornoway on 19 September. The larger vessel was chartered until July 2014, when the new German-built ferry replaced both current vessels and now provides a 24/7 single-vessel service to Lewis.
It was announced on 25 September 2013 that Muirneag had been sold for further service to Turkish owners at £600,000.
Layout
Prior to taking up the Irish Sea service in 1986, Belard underwent an extensive refit. Vectwin rudders were fitted to give them the manoeuvrability required at Ardrossan. A directional Elliot White Gill Jet was fitted augmenting their single propeller. The vehicle lift to their upper freight deck was replaced with an internal ramp.
Service
See also
Caledonian MacBrayne fleet
Calmac website
Ships of Calmac
Footnotes
Caledonian MacBrayne
1979 ships
Cargo ships
Ferries of the Isle of Man
Vida Beselienė (born 17 August 1956) is a Lithuanian former basketball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1956 births
Living people
Lithuanian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Basketball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in basketball
Sportspeople from Šiauliai
Soviet women's basketball players
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Kevin Robertson (born 1971) is a Canadian Anglican bishop.
Education
Robertson was educated at Holy Trinity School, Richmond Hill, Huron University College and Trinity College, Toronto and ordained in 1997.
Ordained ministry
Robertson served as assistant curate of St. Philip on-the-Hill, Unionville in 1997 and then at the Cathedral Church of St. James, Toronto from 1997 to 2000. They held three incumbencies: St. Peter, Oshawa (2000-2005), St. Nicholas, Birch Cliff (2005-2011), and Christ Church Deer Park (2011-2016).
Episcopal ministry
Robertson was elected on 17 September 2016, and consecrated on January 7, 2017.  They are responsible for 55 parishes in the York Scarborough section of the Diocese of Toronto.
Marriage
In late December 2018, the Diocese of Toronto issued a congratulation to Bishop Kevin Robertson and Mr. Mohan Sharma, who were married at St. James Cathedral. The report stated that:"Bishop Kevin and Mohan, who have been a couple since 2009, had their relationship blessed in 2016 according to the Pastoral Guidelines of the Diocese of Toronto and are now married under the marriage provision of the same guidelines."
References
External links
Installation as Bishop
1971 births
21st-century Anglican Church of Canada bishops
Anglican bishops of Toronto
Living people
LGBT Anglican bishops
People from Richmond Hill, Ontario
Trinity College (Canada) alumni
LGBT people from Canada
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Jacobsen Valley, Vinson Massif
Jerez Peak, Clarence Island
Jireček Point, Smith Island
Jordanoff Bay, Davis Coast
Juturna Lake, Livingston Island
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica. Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia, 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart. Antarctica: An Encyclopedia. Jefferson, N.C. and London: McFarland, 2011. 1771 pp.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian Names in Antarctica. Sofia: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2021. Second edition. 539 pp. (in Bulgarian)
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
Martin Petrus Frederik Blomberg (December 11, 1888 in Östervåla, Sweden — March 29, 1966 in Winter Park, Florida) was an American engineer of Swedish origin. They became well known for the development of the truck frame for the diesel-electric locomotives of the Electro Motive Division (EMD).
Early life
Blomberg grew up as a son of a teacher and minister. They graduated from the technical institute in Örebro, and in 1910 went to the university at Uppsala. In this time, they were very active and trained for the Olympic Games of 1912 in Sweden. However, they immigrated to Canada in the same year. From 1912 to 1914, they worked in Trois-Rivières, Quebec in a paper mill, and studied technical drawing and mechanical construction in an evening school. From 1915, they worked then National Steel Car Ltd Hamilton, Ontario. They later traveled for a year by canoeing 900 miles from the Albany River to the Hudson Bay.
In 1916, they went to the US and enlisted with the US Army during World War I. After they returned, they married Laura Van Buskirk. Their son Richard Nelson Blomberg was born on October 21, 1924.
Pullman-Standard
From 1925 to 1935, Blomberg worked for the Pullman Company, where they were responsible for the construction of railroad truck frames and passenger car bodies. Among their designs they assisted at Pullman were the Union Pacific M-10000 in 1934 (), and the Brooklyn Rapid Transit "Green Hornet", lightweight MS Multi-section car (New York City Subway car) for use on the BRT elevated transit lines in Brooklyn, New York.
Electro-Motive
On September 1, 1935, they accepted a position in the Electro-Motive Corporation (from 1941, it was renamed to Electro-Motive Division of General Motors). There Blomberg was given responsibility for the construction of locomotive bodies, frames and truck frames. The EMC E4 diesel-electric locomotive was mostly their design, including the three-axle (A1A) truck. In 1939 they designed the four-wheel flexible truck frame from the three-axle version for the new diesel-electric freight locomotive called the EMD FT. This four-wheel truck frame and its derivations were incorporated in more than 15,000 locomotives. Unofficially, but generally accepted, the two-axle trucks, Blomberg B and Blomberg M, are named after him. The two-axle AAR Type A switcher truck is also a Blomberg design.
Blomberg registered over 100 patents with the US Patent and Trademark Office during their 32 years with EMD. In 1947, they became lead engineer after the chief engineer of EMD.
Retirement
On 1 June 1949, they retired. They died on March 29, 1966 at the age of 77 in Winter Park, Florida.
20th-century Swedish engineers
1888 births
1966 deaths
American railroad mechanical engineers
Swedish emigrants to the United States
Pitlochry Station Bookshop is located at Pitlochry railway station, a Grade A listed station in Pitlochry, Perth and Kinross, Scotland. The station was first opened in 1863 at the same time as the railway line from Perth to Inverness. It won the ‘Station of the Year (Medium)' award in 2019 at the National Rail Awards in London.
History
The bookshop was launched in 2005, after a local councillor, the late Eleanor Howie, publicised ScotRail's new ‘Adopt-a-Station' scheme and asked the public for ideas on how to revive the empty buildings at Pitlochry Station. Three local women – Priscilla Lorimer, Elizabeth Templeton and Nancy Cameron – came forward with a plan to raise money for charity by selling second-hand books to rail travellers. They began with a few boxes of books for sale in the waiting room and soon the premises expanded, as ScotRail offered the old John Menzies newspaper stall to the group. When they outgrew that, the old station master's office was added to make the bookshop that we know today. In 2019, the bookshop expanded still further, taking over the old salt store-room to become a much-needed book-store where donated books are checked, priced and held until going to be sold, either in the bookshop or to one of our specialist buyers or online through eBay.
Ethos
All the money that is raised by the bookshop goes to charity. There are no paid staff; all the staff and committee members are volunteers. ScotRail gives the premises rent-free, and the only outlays are for essentials such as electricity, insurance, and maintenance.
Charities
The bookshop supports six charities, each chosen to reflect a balance between local, national and international concerns. The current charities are:
Cancer Research UK
Children's Hospice Association Scotland (CHAS)
Highland Perthshire Shopmobility
Mercy Corps
Scotland's Charity Air Ambulance
Tayside Mountain Rescue
In 2017, the bookshop's work for charity was recognised when it was awarded the title of ‘Voluntary Fundraising Group of the Year' by the Chartered Institute of Fundraising Scotland. The following year, it reached a milestone of £250,000 raised for charity. By 2021, the total amount raised by the bookshop exceeded £350,000. One of the bookshop's charities, CHAS, celebrated acceptance of its share with a special award ceremony held in Pitlochry.
Supporters
The efforts of the bookshop team are, in turn, supported by both local and national organisations. These are:
Scotrail
Highland Main Line Community Rail Partnership
Elizabeth Yule
Greenpark Hotel
Pitlochry Festival Theatre
Fisher's Hotel
References
External links
https://www.pitlochrystationbookshop.co.uk/
Bookshops of Scotland
Independent bookshops of the United Kingdom
Buildings and structures in Pitlochry
Charles Perrot (1541–1608) was a French Reformed minister who served in the Republic of Geneva.
Perrot came from a French family who were Nobles of the Robe and was born in Paris. They studied at the Genevan Academy and in 1564 became a minister. They married Sarah Cop (daughter of Michel Cop) in 1566, and became a citizen of Geneva in 1567. Perrot served as a minister in the city from 1568 until their death. They acted as rector at the Academy from 1570-2 and 1588–92.
Scott Manetsch describes Perrot as "an idealist prone to discouragement, a man of deep piety who valued Christian charity as much a theological precision." Perrot's "pulpit jeremiads against social injustice and their advocacy for the poor sometimes put them at odds with Geneva's magistrates."
References
1541 births
1608 deaths
Clergy from Paris
17th-century clergy from the Republic of Geneva
Eungella may refer to:
Places
Eungella, Queensland, a rural town and locality in the Mackay Region, Australia
Eungella National Park, a protected area in the Mackay Region, Queensland, Australia
Eungella Dam, a dam in Queensland, Australia
Eungella, New South Wales, a town in New South Wales, Australia
Animals
Eungella honeyeater
Eungella torrent frog
Eungella tinker frog
Eungella gastric brooding frog
Germeh County () is a county in North Khorasan Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Garmeh. Garmeh County has two cities Garmeh & Daraq. It was separated from Jajarm County in 2008.
References
اطلس گیتاشناسی استان‌های ایران [Atlas Gitashenasi Ostanhai Iran] (Gitashenasi Province Atlas of Iran)
Counties of North Khorasan Province
The Shire of Dandaragan is a local government area located in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, about north of the state capital, Perth. The Shire covers an area of and its seat of government is the town of Jurien Bay.
History
The Dandaraga Road District was created on 27 February 1890. It was renamed the Dandaragan Road District on 22 July 1932. On 1 July 1961, it became a shire following the enactment of the Local Government Act 1960, which reformed all remaining road districts into shires.
Until the late 1960s it was a sparsely populated agricultural shire, but the coastal towns of Jurien Bay and Cervantes and the popularity of The Pinnacles Desert with tourists have helped to fuel the Shire's growth. Originally the Shire's main administration centre was in the small town of Dandaragan, however due to the disproportionate population growth in the town of Jurien Bay the administration was relocated there in 2003.
Wards
On 22 May 1971, the shire was divided into Coastal, Central, North and South wards, and its representation increased from seven to nine councillors. Over time, the Coastal ward increased in size, and ultimately on 2 May 1987, the ward was abolished and two new wards, Cervantes and Jurien, were created. By 3 November 1989, the following wards existed:
Jurien Ward (three councillors)
Cervantes Ward (two councillors)
Badgingarra Ward (two councillors) (formerly North Ward)
Dandaragan Ward (three councillors) (formerly South Ward)
On 7 May 2005, the shire was redivided into two wards:
North Ward (five councillors)
South Ward (four councillors)
By the 2009 Council elections all wards had been abolished and nine councillors represent the whole shire.
Towns and localities
Badgingarra
Boothendarra
Cataby
Cervantes
Cooljarloo
Dandaragan
Grey
Hill River
Jurien Bay
Mimegarra
Nambung National Park
Regans Ford
Wedge Island
Yathroo
Population
Heritage-listed places
As of 2021, 97 places are heritage-listed in the Shire of Dandaragan, of which none are on the State Register of Heritage Places.
References
External links
Dandaragan
Cesare Arbasia (1540s – 1614) was an Italian painter of the Mannerist period.
Born in Saluzzo, Italy, Cesare Arbasia's career began in Saluzzo, and moved throughout Rome and Spain (c. 1579). They also worked in Málaga and Córdoba, conducting their work in a Mannerist style. They trained with Federico Zuccari. In Córdoba, they painted the ceiling of the Most Blessed Sacrament chapel, in the cathedral; while in Savigliano, they painted the ceiling of the church of the Benedictine monks. In Saluzzo, they helped fresco the town hall. In 1601, they were pensioned by the ruler of the House of Savoy in Turin.
References
1540s births
1614 deaths
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
17th-century Italian painters
Italian Mannerist painters
People from Saluzzo
Anthony T. Kane is a former associate justice of the New York Supreme Court. They served in the Appellate Division, Third Department, from 2002 until their retirement in 2009.
Early life and education
Kane was born in New York City to an Irish-descended father, who was uneducated but owned their own company, and a mother who migrated to the United States from Budapest, Hungary, at the age of 13. Their mother placed a high value on education in their family, and Kane's older brother was the first in their family to attend college. Kane graduated from Iona College in New Rochelle, in 1966 with a bachelor degree in economics and, after deciding to pursue a legal rather than business career, graduated with a Juris Doctor from Cornell Law School in 1969.
Career
Following their law school graduation, Kane learned of a job opening as a legal services attorney in Sullivan County and moved to Liberty, New York. They worked in the private sector until 1984, when they were elected the third Sullivan County Family Court judge, taking the bench in 1985. They stayed in that capacity until 1996, when they were appointed to the position of the Supreme Court Justice of Sullivan County. In 2002, they were promoted to the title of associate justice of the Third Department of the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court.
References
External links
Official New York Supreme Court, Appellate Division, Third Department website
Living people
New York Supreme Court Justices
Cornell Law School alumni
American people of Irish descent
American people of Hungarian descent
Iona College (New York) alumni
Lawyers from New York City
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Polish Border Guard (, also abbreviated as SG) is a state security agency tasked with patrolling the Polish border. It existed in the Second Republic era from 1928 to 1939 and was reestablished in the modern-day Third Republic in 1990, going into operation the following year. During the communist era lasting from 1945 to 1989, the role of the border guard was carried out by the Border Protection Troops ().
History
1928–1939
The Straż Graniczna was founded in 1928. During the times of the Second Polish Republic, it was responsible for northern, western and southern border of Poland (with Germany, Free City of Danzig, sea border, Czechoslovakia and Romania). Eastern border, often raided by military bands supported by Soviet Union was under the jurisdiction of a separate, military formation (Border Protection Corps, ).
Responsibilities of Straż Graniczna included:
prevention of illegal crossing of the land and sea border by people and goods (smuggling)
ensuring safety and public order in the border area
combat any threats to national security in the border area
Border Guard was organized in a military style, with uniformed and armed agents. It was controlled by the Ministry of Treasury, Ministry of Internal Affairs, and Ministry of Military Affairs. The highest level of organizational structure of the agency was Main Headquarters (), based in Warsaw. It was followed by Regional Inspectorates, Border Inspectorates, stations and posts. It carried out actions through patrols, manning border checkpoints, tracking, rouses and intelligence work. It had its own river and sea flotilla, intelligence academy, and the Main School of Border Guard (), which was located firstly in Góra Kalwaria (until 1928), then in Rawa Ruska. The school had a department of training of guard dogs, also located in Rawa Ruska.
Each station of the agency was responsible for some 20 to 25 kilometers of the borderline. The stations oversaw posts of the first line and posts of the second line. In 1938, there were 129 stations of the Border Guard, 419 posts of the first line (these were located right along the border), and 212 posts of the second line (located in the interior of the country, right behind posts of the first line).
Regional inspectorates in 1939
Mazovian Regional Inspectorate in Ciechanów,
Pomeranian Regional Inspectorate in Bydgoszcz,
Greater Poland Regional Inspectorate in Poznań,
Silesian Regional Inspectorate in Katowice,
Western Lesser Poland Regional Inspectorate in Kraków,
Eastern Lesser Poland Regional Inspectorate in Lwów.
Agency of the Customs Inspectorate of the Free City of Gdańsk.
In late 1938 and early 1939, following changes of borders of some Eastern European countries, the Border Guard took over protection of the boundary with Lithuania, while Border Defence Corps moved some of its units to the newly established border with Hungary. Furthermore, every station of the Border Guard was strengthened with a platoon of the Polish Land Forces.
Members of Straż Graniczna, under General Walerian Czuma, participated in the Second World War, fighting during the invasion of Poland together with Land Forces units.
1945–1989
During the period of the Polish People's Republic, the role of the border guards was carried out by the military formation of Border Protection Troops (), being a part of the Polish People's Army and reporting directly to the Ministry of Interior, formerly under the Ministry of National Defense (from 1945 to 1949 and again from 1965 to 1970 and 1972), just as its 2nd Republic predecessors were assigned. After the martial law, border battalions were reconstructed. Battalions were re-established in Sanok, Nowy Targ, Cieszyn, Racibórz, Prudnik, Zgorzelec, Gubin, Słubice and Chojna. The organization of battalions in Nowy Sącz, Lubań Śląski and Szczecin was stopped at the stage of the backbone commands. These were later disbanded.
1990 – present
Straż Graniczna has been reestablished in the Third Polish Republic as a civil, police-type service, with the act of 12 October 1990 and began operations on 16 May 1991. It considers itself the successor to the Second Polish Republic formations of the Straż Graniczna and Korpus Ochrony Pogranicza (plus the military heritage of the Wojska Ochrony Pogranicza of the People's Republic), and thus is one of the only police styled forces to use military style ranks (the Government Protection Bureau, Agencja Bezpieczeństwa Wewnętrznego and the Służba Więzienna also use them as well).
From 1 May 2004, the day Poland became a member of the European Union, Straż Graniczna performs its responsibility to guard and protect both the Polish and EU borders.
Structure
Border Guard General Headquarters (Warsaw)
Warmińsko-Mazurski Border Guard Regional Unit (Kętrzyn)
Podlaski Border Guard Regional Unit (Białystok)
Bug Border Guard Regional Unit (Chełm)
Bieszczady Border Guard Regional Unit (Przemyśl)
Śląski Border Guard Regional Unit (Racibórz)
Odra Border Guard Regional Unit (Krosno Odrzańskie)
Sea Border Guard Regional Unit (Gdańsk)
Vistula Border Guard Regional Unit (Warsaw)
Carpathian Border Guard Regional Unit (Nowy Sącz).
Equipment
New Border Wall
New border wall under construction on Poland-Belarus border: 6 m high, 115 km long.
Firearms
Mossberg 500
FB MSBS Grot 5.56×45mm
Heckler & Koch MP5 9×19mm Parabellum
Glock 9×19mm Parabellum
Glock 9×19mm Parabellum
CZ P-10 C 9×19mm Parabellum
Aircraft
PZL-104 Wilga
PZL M-28
PZL M-20 Mewa
Stemme ASP S15
Let L-410 Turbolet
Helicopters
PZL W-3 Sokół
Eurocopter EC135
PZL Kania
Robinson R44
Vessels
Griffon Hoverwork 2000TD
Type SAR-1500
SPORTIS S-7500
Sportis S-7500K
Type Mi-6
Type SKS-40
Type TM-623 OB CABIN
Type TM-923 OB
Type TM-1025 2IB CABIN
Type IC 16 M III
Type PARKER 1000 BALTIC
Type Patrol 240 (Patrol 24 Baltic)
Type SG-071
Notable Border Guard commanders
Walerian Czuma
Ranks
Officers
Enlisted
Gallery
See also
Border Protection Corps
Border Protection Troops
Tax and Customs Service (Poland)
References
External links
Straż Graniczna Homepage in Polish
Borders of Poland
Military units and formations of Poland
Polish Border Guard
M. orientalis may refer to:
Malus orientalis, the eastern crabapple
Meliphaga orientalis, the Mountain honeyeater, a bird species found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea
Melogale orientalis, the Javan ferret-badger, a mammal species endemic to Java, Indonesia
Merops orientalis, the green bee-eater or little green bee-eater, a bird species found widely distributed across sub-Saharan Africa
Millettia orientalis, a legume species found only in Madagascar
Mitra orientalis, a sea snail species
Mogurnda orientalis, the eastern mogurnda, a fish species endemic to Papua New Guinea
Mouldingia orientalis, an air-breathing land snail species endemic to Australia
Myurella orientalis, a sea snail species
See also
Orientalis (disambiguation)
Antigua State College is a public tertiary institution in Antigua and Barbuda, with 1,000 students enrolled in several programs. The college consists of several departments such as the Advanced Level, Department of business, engineering, department of undergraduate studies, teacher education (offsite) and school of pharmacy (off-site).
History
Antigua State College was established on the Hill at Golden Grove, Antigua and Barbuda, in 1977, by the merger of two already existing institutions. The first, Leeward Islands Teachers' Training College, continuing in the traditions of Spring Gardens Teacher Training College, served students from all over the Leeward Islands, incorporating numerous island nations. The second, Golden Grove Technical College, was launched in 1972 under British sponsorship. It was made up of the Hotel and Catering Department, the Commercial Department and the Engineering and Construction Department.
In 1978, the Advanced Level Department was added when all sixth forms in the local secondary schools were brought together at Antigua State College. These five departments were combined under the leadership of Dr. Alister Francis, founding principal. In 1981, the Hotel and Catering Department was moved to Dutchman's Bay to become the new Hotel Training Centre.
Since the creation of the college, the population has grown from around one hundred fifty students in 1977 to over one thousand students in 2011. During this period, there have been several landmarks in the life of Antigua State College, linked mainly with improved accommodations and the introduction of new programs. These include the introduction of the First Year University Program and the Business Studies Program. All programs run in conjunction with the University of the West Indies, Cave Hill Campus.
Current status
Antigua State College continues to grow, offering a wide variety of courses in Tertiary Level Education each year to students in its seven departments. It caters to a wide range of students, while assisting with the development of Antigua and Barbuda, by providing training relevant to the specific needs of Antiguan and Barbudan society.
References
External links
Official website
Education in Antigua and Barbuda
Frank Oliver (October 2, 1883 – January 1, 1968) was an American lawyer and politician who served 6 terms as a U.S. Representative from New York from 1923 to 1934.
Early life and education
Born in New York City, Oliver attended the public schools and the Morris High School (Bronx, New York). They graduated from Fordham University at New York City in 1905, and studied law at the New York Law School. They were admitted to the bar in 1908 and commenced practice in New York City.
Career
On December 1, 1908 they were appointed chief of the bureau of licenses for New York City. They served until April 16, 1911, when they resigned to become secretary to United States Senator James A. O'Gorman of New York, in which capacity they served until their resignation on January 3, 1916.
They were appointed chief clerk to the magistrates' courts of New York City and served from January 3, 1916, until December 31, 1919.
They were appointed assistant district attorney for Bronx County on January 1, 1920, and served until February 28, 1923, when they resigned, having been elected to Congress.
Congress
Oliver was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-eighth and to the five succeeding Congresses and served from March 4, 1923, until their resignation on June 18, 1934.
Judge
They were appointed on June 19, 1934, justice of the court of special sessions, in which capacity they served until their retirement April 6, 1952.
Death
They died in the Bronx, New York, January 1, 1968. They were interred in Calvary Cemetery, Woodside, Queens.
References
1883 births
1968 deaths
Fordham University alumni
New York Law School alumni
New York (state) lawyers
American Roman Catholics
Burials at Calvary Cemetery (Queens)
New York (state) state court judges
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
20th-century American judges
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American lawyers
Snuol () is a district in Kratié province, Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 35,156. The population recorded by the 2008 census was 61,603.
Administration
As of 2020, the district contains the following communes and villages.
References
Districts of Kratié province
Claireville (sometimes misspelled as Clairville) is a neighbourhood and former hamlet in the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is located in the northwest corner of Toronto, in the former city of Etobicoke. Today Claireville is almost wholly industrial/commercial.
History
The original hamlet was established in 1850 at the five-point intersection of Albion Road, Indian Line (later incorporated into Highway 50 and Highway 427), and Steeles Avenue. It was built on a land owned by Jean du Petit Pont de la Haye (1799-1872), a French teacher at Upper Canada College. They developed the community on their estate which they named after their daughter Claire Elizabeth (later Berthon b. 1831-d. 1903). A private street was built diagonally across northern Etobicoke as a shortcut to Albion Township through Toronto Gore Township (now part of Caledon and Brampton), with a toll at Claireville. The road was originally named Claireville but was also called the Albion Road (the current name for the street).
Development
A flood control dam was built on the West Branch of the Humber River immediately south of the village in 1957, creating the Claireville reservoir and the establishment of Claireville Conservation Area. Claireville began to lose its rural character as suburban industrial development encroached. In the mid-1980, Albion Road and Steeles Avenue were realigned, bypassing the community. In the 1970s Highway 427 was built along the Indian Line alignment along the southwestern edge of the neighbourhood and in the 1990s was extended to Highway 407 when that toll road was built just to the north. This combined with the existing rail lines and proximity to Pearson Airport make the area prime industrial land. Today, some original residential homes have disappeared in the Toronto section of Claireville and replaced with warehousing and open storage / trucking uses, and most of the remaining homes are no longer used as residences.
Claireville has today unofficially expanded into Brampton, with the portion west of an abandoned portion of former Indian Line and Highway 427 being in Brampton. Like in Toronto, the Brampton Portion largely consists of residential subdivisions, north of Queen Street. The Indian Line Campground is situated in Malton (Mississauga), near the south end.
The area is close to the large south Asian communities of Rexdale, as well as Brampton and Malton outside the city. This accessible area with large cheap lots has become home to several Hindu temples, most notably the BAPS Shri Swaminarayan Mandir Toronto.
Education
The Toronto District School Board operates an elementary school. Claireville Junior School and provides a space for approximately 375 students. Under the Toronto District School Board, this public elementary school that begins from Junior Kindergarten to Grade 5, engages also with the parents/guardians of students, as well as with the community through many partnerships such as Holiday Food Drive with the Daily Bread, Co-op Student placements from local high schools, Teacher Candidates from York University, University of Toronto and other Faculties of Education.
Institutions
Skyway Industrial Park
Glendale Memorial Gardens
Westwood Arena
Apotex
HBC warehouse
References
Neighbourhoods in Toronto
Etobicoke
Amelia Pinto (1876–1946) was an Italian operatic soprano who first performed at the Teatro Grande in Brescia in December 1899 in La Gioconda. They developed a particular liking for Wagner, excelling in Tristan and Isolda at La Scala.  They are also remembered for their interpretation of Tosca, appreciated by Puccini himself.
Biography
Born in Palermo on 21 January 1876, Amelia Pinto was the daughter of Giuseppe Mancuso, a fencing master, and their wife Francesca. Thanks to their father who was interested in music, they took piano lessons as a child. In 1897, when they were 21, they began studying at the Conservatorio di San Pietro a Majella in Naples but the following year, their family sent them to the Santa Cecilia music school in Rome where they studied mezzosoprano singing under Zaira Cortini Falchi.
They made their début on 29 December 1899 at the Teatro Grande in Brescia where their dramatic qualities were noted as they sang in Amilcare Ponchielli's La Gioconda. The following February they took the role of Zuana in 's Tartini, o Il trillo del Diavolo. In September 1900, they proved to be a resounding success in Puccini's Tosca, capturing the composer's admiration. As a result, they were invited to perform the female title role in Wagner's Tristan and Isolda at its Milan première. Old recordings of their Isolda testify to the strength of Pinto's voice but also to their modulated and controlled penetrating treble.
In February 1901, at a commemorative concert for Verdi, together with Enrico Caruso, they sang in the Act II finale of La forza del destino. After a period in Argentina, that December they played Brünnhilde in Wagner's Die Walküre. In 1902, they performed in Tristan and Isolde in Ravenna before travelling to the United States with Pietro Mascagni's opera company to perform in Cavalleria rusticana and Zanetto. After performing in Palermo in 1904, they went on tour to Egypt, singing in Gabriel Dupont's La Cabrera. The following year they were first in Paris in Umberto Giordano's Siberia, then in Madrid in L'Africaine and La Gioconda. In 1906, in Santiago de Chile, they performed in Otello, Il trovatore and Les Huguenots. They retired from the stage in Madrid in 1916, after appearing in La Gioconda, Tristan and Isolda and Die Walküre
Amelia Pinto died in Palermo on 21 June 1946 after a serious illness.
References
1878 births
1946 deaths
Musicians from Palermo
Italian operatic sopranos
19th-century Italian women opera singers
20th-century Italian women opera singers
Sri Sri Guruji Maharshi, popularly and simply known as Guruji ("Teacher"), is a Hindu spiritual leader and guru who is revered as a saint by their followers.
Life
Guruji Maharshi is an Indian guru from Dommasandra, Anekal Taluk, Bangalore, in the state of Karnataka.
As part of their tasks, Guruji Maharshi gathered food scraps from neighbors and family to help the poor people . They would bring these people food and clothing from their own home. Guruji Maharshi also began to continuously help people to come out of their sadness and grief. Guruji Maharshi commented, "I don't see if it is a man or an animal. I don't see anything different from my own self. A continuous stream of love flows from me to all the creation on earth. This is my true and inborn nature. The duty of a doctor is to treat patients. In the same way, my duty is to help and give relief those who are suffering
Guruji Maharshi forefathers were also great spiritual leaders and even Guruji followed the path of their father Venkatesh Iyengar who held their hand to the world of Spirituality.
In 2014, at the request of devotees, Guruji Maharshi began to conduct programs in countries throughout the world. They have done so annually ever since.
Darshana
Guruji Maharshi's darshana has been the high spot of their life, as they have received hundreds of people nearly every day. Given the size of the crowds coming to seek Guruji Maharshi's blessings, these have been times when they have given Darshan for more than 13 continuous hours
Teachings
They accept the various spiritual practices and prayers of all religions are same but different methods toward the same goal of cleansing the mind. Along these lines, they tell the importance of meditation, performing actions as karma yoga, selfless service, and cultivating divine qualities such as compassion, patience, forgiveness, self-control, etc. Guruji Maharshi has said that these practices refresh the mind, preparing it to absorb the ultimate truth: that one is not the physical body and mind, but the eternal, blissful consciousness that serves as the non-dual entity of the universe
 They are also a great worshiper of Prathyangira Devi. They solve the problems of people clutched in problems worshiping this deity
Prathyangira Devi
Prathyangira is also highlighted in the Hindu epic Ramayana. Indrajit was performing "Nikumbala yaga" (a sacred [pooja to worship Prathyangira) while Rama and their soldiers were engaged by war in Lanka. Hanuman came down to stop this ritual because they knew that if Indrajit completed it, they would become unbeatable.
Pratyangira Devi Homam (Havan)
Havan dedicated to Pratyangira devi is performed at many places for the welfare of the people and world peace and for eliminating the presence of evil forces. In some temples Pratyangira Devi Homam (Havan) is performed on days of Amavasya (The starting of Lunar Month.
Awards and honours
Dakshina Bharathiya Purohitha Ratna
Utthama Seva Prashasthi
Positions
Founder & Chairperson, Bharathiya Sampradaya
References
External links
http://www.bharatiyasampradaya.com/yantra.php
Pratyangira Devi In Nanjangud
People from Bangalore Urban district
Indian Hindu spiritual teachers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Persistence of Chaos is a work of art consisting of a laptop that contains six computer viruses, worms, and pieces of malware that have caused major damage. The artwork was created in 2019 by artist Guo O Dong and the collective MSCHF, and sold at auction for $1,345,000 in May 2019. Guo O Dong described it as a bestiary for historical malware, and expressed concern about the high price for which it sold, stating that they would either spend the money on another project or burn it.
Background
The Persistence of Chaos was created in 2019 by artist Guo O Dong and MSCHF after they were commissioned by Deep Instinct, a computer security company. It cost more than $10,000 to create, with much of the money spent on ensuring that the malware it contained was effectively firewalled so that it could not spread to other computers.
Guo O Dong originally intended to title the work Antivaxxer in reference to vaccine hesitancy, but changed the name as the intent of the artwork shifted during its creation. They told The Verge that the work was intended to be a physical manifestation of digital threats that might otherwise seem abstract, describing it as "a kind of bestiary — a catalogue of historical threats".
Description
The technical basis for The Persistence of Chaos was a Samsung NC10, a netbook first released in 2008. The laptop computer equipped with Windows XP was deliberately infected with an assortment of viruses, worms, and malware which have caused $95 billion in financial damages: the ILOVEYOU virus, Mydoom worm, Sobig worm, WannaCry ransomware, DarkTequila malware, and BlackEnergy malware. The device was isolated and airgapped to prevent misuse of the malware it contained.
The artwork measures 10.3” () × 1.2” () × 7.3” (), and weighs . In addition to the malware-loaded laptop, it includes the power cord for the device and a restart script.
Auction
The Persistence of Chaos was sold in an online auction as a work of art. During the auction, a live stream showing the laptop was accessible through Twitch. A disclaimer on the auction webpage noted that selling malware for reuse "is illegal in the United States" and that bidders must "agree and acknowledge that you're purchasing this work as a piece of art or for academic reasons, and have no intention of disseminating any malware." It additionally stated that the computer's ports and capacity for internet connection would be disabled before shipping.
The auction closed on May 28, 2019, with a winning bid of $1,345,000 by an unknown buyer. The money went to Guo O Dong, who told Artnet News that they would either spend it on creating another artwork or burn it. They noted that the amount of public interest in The Persistence of Chaos was thought-provoking for him, stating that "this piece could be considered an exhibit of historical weaponry" and questioning why someone wanted to spend so much money on acquiring it.
Reception
Infoblox executive Gary Cox told Verdict that The Persistence of Chaos was one of the things making them "rethink what constitutes art on a regular basis", comparing it to Banksy's Love is in the Bin and noting that the laptop forming the basis of the work had a resale value of roughly $50. ESET security specialist Jake Moore said that the work "essentially contains modern-day history in the form of zeros and ones". Faye Mitchell, the deputy director of Coventry University's School of Computing, Electronics and Mathematics, expressed the concern that the artwork was a distortion and trivialization of cybersecurity and its purpose.
References
Contemporary works of art
Digital artworks
Samsung computers
Science in art
2019 works
Laptops
Cole Park is a Grade II* listed moated country house off Grange Lane, in the parish of St Paul Malmesbury Without, about south of Malmesbury, Wiltshire, England. It stands on land once known as Cowfold that was owned in the Middle Ages by the Abbey of Malmesbury, and in the Tudor period was a royal stud.
History
The house is in the grounds of a former medieval monastic deer-park, originally known as Cowfold, once owned by the Abbey of Malmesbury. William of Colerne was the abbot from 1260 to 1296, from whom the name Cole Park may derive. The abbey had a lodge on the site which was still standing in 1540.
The estate passed to the Crown at the Dissolution, and in the Tudor period Cole Park was a royal stud-farm, which in 1625 was leased by Sir George Marshall. In the 1650s the Crown sold it to Hugh Audley, and the property passed down to the Harvey and Lovell families until it was sold (together with Rodbourne Rail farm) in 1945.
The earliest extant parts of the house date to the mid-sixteenth century but it has been extensively renovated and changed during its history. The house was altered by John Harvey around 1700 and again in 1775–6 for John and Sarah Lovell. It was repaired in 1796 for Peter Lovell and in the modern era had a complete refurbishment in 1981 by William Bertram. It was purchased by the financier Sir Mark Weinberg and their wife, the designer Anouska Hempel, in the mid-1980s.
The house was recorded as Grade II* listed in 1951.
References
Further reading
Masson, Madeleine. (1985) A history of Cole Park at St Paul's Without Malmesbury, Wiltshire. Merrick, 1985.
Grade II* listed buildings in Wiltshire
Grade II* listed houses
Country houses in Wiltshire
Malmesbury
Buildings and structures completed in the 16th century
Malmesbury Abbey
Jean Le Laboureur (1621 – June 26, 1675) was a French courtier, Roman Catholic clergyman and historian.
Early life
Jean Le Labourer was born in 1621 in Montmorency, Val-d'Oise, France. Their paternal uncle, Claude Le Laboureur, was the provost of the Abbey of Île Barbe on the Île Barbe in Lyon and a book collector. Their brother, Louis Le Laboureur, was a poet.
Le Laboureur was educated at the Couvent des Célestins in Paris.
Career
Le Laboureur was a courtier. In 1644, they assisted Jean-Baptiste Budes, Comte de Guébriant in their trip to Poland, where they took Marie Louise Gonzaga before their marriage to Władysław IV Vasa. A travel book about the trip authored by Le Laboureur was published posthumously, in 1697.
Le Laboureur served as a prior in Juvigné and Mayenne. They later served as chaplain and librarian to King Louis XIV of France. Additionally, they were the author of many books on French history.
Le Labourer was a Knight of the Order of Saint Michael.
Death
Le Laboureur died on 26 June 1675 in Montmorency, France.
Bibliography
Tombeau des personnes illustres dont les sépultures sont à l'église des Célestins de Paris (1641).
Relation du voyage de la Reine de Pologne, et du retour de Madame la Maréchale de Guébriant, ambassadrice extraordinaire (1647).
Histoire du Comte de Guébriant, Maréchal de France (1656).
Les Mémoires de Michel de Castelnau, Seigneur de Mauvissiere, contenant les choses remarquables qu'il a vues et négociées en France, en Angleterre, en Écosse sous les rois François II et Charles IX, depuis l'an 1559. jusqu'à l'août 1570 (1659).Histoire de Charles VI, roi de France, écrite par les ordres et sur les mémoires et les avis de Guy de Monceaux et de Philippes de Villette, abbés de Saint-Denis, par un auteur contemporain, religieux de leur abbaye [...] traduite sur le manuscrit latin tiré de la bibliothèque de M. le président de Thou [...] illustrée de plusieurs commentaires tirés de tous les originaux de ce règne [...]2, traduction française et commentaire (1663).Tableaux généalogiques des seize quartiers de nos rois depuis Saint Louis jusqu'à présent (1683).Discours de l'Origine des armoiries'' (1684).
References
1621 births
1675 deaths
People from Val-d'Oise
French courtiers
17th-century French Roman Catholic priests
17th-century French historians
17th-century French writers
17th-century male writers
Court of Louis XIV
Viișoara is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Viișoara.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Bereznik () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 13 as of 2002.
Geography
Bereznik is located 12 km south of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Lychnaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
"Í hjarta mér" ("in my heart") is the second single from Egó's album 6. Október. The name of the band is sometimes stylized as EGÓ. The single released on February 19, 2009. The song became a big hit immediately and peaked at #1 on all charts in Iceland. The single was released as a Digital download only.
Track listing
Personnel
Arnar Geir Ómarsson – drums
Bergþór Morthens – electric guitar
Bubbi Morthens – vocals, electric guitar & acoustic guitar
Hrafn Thoroddsen – orgel
Jakob Magnússon – bass
Charts
References
External links
Studio Sýrland
The Song at Tónlist.is
Bubbi's official website
Sena
2009 singles
Icelandic songs
Icelandic-language songs
2009 songs
Munnibai is a Hindi low budget action movie of Bollywood directed by Kanti Shah and produced by Gulab Seikh. This film was released on 30 July 1999 under the banner of Gulab Films.
Plot
This is a revenge story of a lady dacoit Munnibai. Them family was killed by a gang of dacoits. Munnibai kills the chief of this gang. Chief's daughter Hirabai is another lady dacoit who tries to kill Munni in reply. But finally Munni kills Hirabai.
Cast
Dharmendra
Johnny Lever as Kammal Khan
Rajesh Vivek
Joginder
Mohan Joshi
Sapna (actor) as Hirabai
Anil Nagrath
Durgesh Nandini as Munnibai
Gulshan Rana
Joy Thakur
Vinod Tripathi
Arun Mathur
References
External links
1999 films
1990s Hindi-language films
Indian action films
Indian rape and revenge films
Films about outlaws
Indian films about revenge
1999 action films
Films directed by Kanti Shah
Dionysius is a Romanized form of the Greek name Dionysios.
Dionysius may also refer to:
Dionysius the Areopagite, early Christian convert and saint
Pseudo-Dionysius the Areopagite, a pseudepigraphical Christian theologian and mystic
Dionysius of Halicarnassus
Dionysius Exiguus, inventor of the Anno Domini dating system
Dionysius (album), a 1983 album by jazz drummer Dannie Richmond
Dionysiou Monastery, an Eastern Orthodox monastery at the monastic state of Mount Athos in Greece
Dionysia (plant), a plant genus
Dionysia, a large festival in ancient Athens in honor of the god Dionysus
Agios Dionyssios, Patras, a neighbourhood in the city of Patras, Greece
Dionysius (crater), a lunar impact crater
Dionysius (journal), a classics publication of Dalhousie University
St Dionysius' Church, Market Harborough, a church of the Church of England, Leicestershire
St. Dionysius Institute in Paris, an Orthodox Christian theological institute in Paris, France
Dionysiou Areopagitou Street, a street in Athens
Codex Athous Dionysiou, a manuscript of the New Testament
Dionysius, a Greek orator and teacher of Marcus Cornelius Fronto
Saint Dionysius (disambiguation)
See also
Dennis
Dionysious (disambiguation)
Dionysos (disambiguation)
Patriarch Dionysius (disambiguation)
Dionysius III (disambiguation)
Dionysus, a Greek god
Shotor Sang () is a village in Barzanun Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 115, in 22 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Maramureș International Airport is a minor international airport in northwest Romania, located in Tăuții-Măgherăuș, west of Baia Mare municipality and in the historic region of Maramureș.
Airlines and destinations
The following airlines operate regular scheduled and charter flights at Maramureș Airport:
Statistics
See also
Aviation in Romania
Transport in Romania
References
External links
Official website
Google Map - Aerial View
Airports in Romania
Maramureș
Buildings and structures in Maramureș County
Airports established in 1966
1966 establishments in Romania
Four ships of the United States Navy have borne the name USS Tecumseh, in honor of Tecumseh (ca. 1768–1813), a Shawnee Indian chief.
, was a monitor, commissioned on 19 April 1864. It was lost with almost all hands on 5 August, at the Battle of Mobile Bay.
, was a tugboat, originally named Edward Luckenbach, purchased by the Navy in 1898 and renamed. They served off and on until they were struck from the Navy list ca. 1945.
, was a , commissioned in 1943 and struck in 1975.
, was a ballistic missile submarine, commissioned in 1964 and struck in 1993.
United States Navy ship names
Clyde Reasinger (né Clyde Melvin Reasinger; 1927 – March 26, 2018) was an American trumpeter known for their work in big bands and recording studios.
Reasinger was born in Pennsylvania, and began their musical career in the late 1940s. They later led their own big bands in recording studios, live venues, and reading/rehearsal bands.
Recording sessions
Reasinger has jazz recording credits exceed 63 sessions with bands and artists that include:
Jazz recording sessions
Earle Spencer (1949)
Dinah Washington with Ike Carpenter's Orchestra (1951)
Stan Kenton (1952, 1967)
Shorty Rogers: Shorty Rogers Courts the Count (RCA Victor, 1954)
Sam Donahue (1955, 1957, 1958)
Tommy Alexander (1956)
Billy VerPlanck (1957)
Dan Terry (1958)
Maynard Ferguson: A Message from Newport (Roulette, 1958)
Gil Evans (1958)
Johnny Richards (1958, 1959)
Boris Lindqvist, with the Bengt Arne Wallin Orchestra (1960)
Quincy Jones (1960)
Oliver Nelson (1961)
Jackie Paris (1962)
Henry Jerome and the Brazen Brass (1960)
Joe Williams (1964, 1965)
Dan Terry (mid 1960s)
Ray Starling (1966)
The New Glenn Miller Orchestra (1966)
Charlie Barnet (1966, 1967)
Nancy Wilson (1968)
Harry James (1976, 1979)
Pop & rock-n-roll recording sessions
The Monkees (1968)
Selected filmography
The Cool Sound, DVD (2004)
Recorded 1959
Miles Davis, John Coltrane, Wynton Kelly, Paul Chambers, Jimmy Cobb
Gil Evans Orchestra, Ernie Royal, Clyde Reasinger, Louis Mucci, Johnny Coles, Emmett Berry (trumpets); Frank Rehak, Jimmy Cleveland, Bill Elton, Rod Levitt (trombones); Julius Watkins, Bob Northern (French horns); Bill Barber (tuba); Danny Bank (bass clarinet); Romeo Penque, Eddie Caine (woodwinds)
References
1927 births
2018 deaths
American jazz trumpeters
American male trumpeters
Swing trumpeters
American jazz bandleaders
Jazz musicians from Pennsylvania
Place of birth missing
21st-century trumpeters
21st-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
Earle Spencer Orchestra members
The Wakolo myzomela (Myzomela wakoloensis) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae. It is endemic to Indonesia, where it occurs in the Moluccan Islands of Buru and Seram. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical mangrove forests, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Wakolo myzomela
Birds of Buru
Birds of Seram
Wakolo myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Turkish Airlines Flight 345 was a scheduled domestic passenger flight operated by a Fokker F28-1000 Fellowship from Izmir Cumaovası Airport to Istanbul Yeşilköy Airport that crashed into the Sea of Marmara on 30 January 1975 during approach. It was the second worst accident involving a Fokker F28 and third deadliest aviation accident in Turkey at that time.
Background
The aircraft operating Flight 345 was a Fokker F28-1000 Fellowship with manufacturer serial number 11058, and made its first flight in 1972. Since then, it had accumulated 3713 flying hours in 5062 flight cycles. Flight 345 took off from Izmir Cumaovası Airport at around 18:00 EET (20:00 UTC) for a 40-minute flight to Istanbul Yeşilköy Airport with 38 passengers and 4 crew members on board.
Accident
At 18:39, the aircraft touched down on the runway at Istanbul Yeşilköy Airport but an electrical power failure at the airport at that very moment forced the crew to initiate a missed approach. Twenty-two seconds after the lights went off, the emergency generator jumped in and restored the runway lights. The pilot elected to remain VFR under an altitude of . At 18:43, the crew asked for permission to land while positioning for another approach. However, because another aircraft was about to take off, air traffic control ordered the crew of Flight 345 to fly an extended downwind leg. When, at 18:53, air traffic control attempted to establish contact with Flight 345, it received no answer.
It was determined that the aircraft crashed into the Sea of Marmara. However, the wreckage was not located until several years later.
Recovery
The relatives of the victims continuously demanded, without success, the recovery of the wreckage and the bodies of the victims from the sea floor. A by portion from the rear fuselage with five window frames was recovered on March 17, 2009 by shrimp trawling fishermen off the Avcılar-Florya coast. The wreckage was handed over to Turkish Airlines after inspection by Stuart Kline, an American historian of aviation living in Turkey.
References
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1975
Aviation accidents and incidents in Turkey
1975 in Turkey
345
Accidents and incidents involving the Fokker F28
Airliner accidents and incidents with an unknown cause
1970s in Istanbul
Istanbul Atatürk Airport
January 1975 events in Europe
John Francis "Jack" Smith Jr. (born April 6, 1938) is an American business person and executive who formerly served as COO in 1992, CEO from 1992 to 2000 and then chairperson of the board of directors of General Motors from 1996 to 2000.
They later served as non-executive chairperson of the board of directors of Delta Air Lines from 2004 to 2007. They also served as member of board of Procter & Gamble from 1995-2008 and also Suzuki Motor Corporation.
Early life and education
Smith was born in Worcester, Massachusetts.
They graduated from Saint John's High School in Shrewsbury, Massachusetts and later received their Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 1960 and their Master of Business Administration from Boston University in 1965. While at the University of Massachusetts Amherst they were initiated into the Kappa Sigma fraternity.
Career
They joined General Motors as a payroll auditor in 1961, moving to its financial group in New York City in 1966. They went on to hold positions ranging from director of international planning to president of GM Canada, president of GM Europe and head of international operations.
As CEO of GM, they undertook one of its most sweeping reorganizations, overturning a cumbersome and inefficient structure created in the 1920s by Alfred P. Sloan and left virtually unchanged since then. Starting with purchasing in 1992 and ending with engineering in 2003, they brought together separate overlapping functions related to the various divisions that formed the company, while also expanding operations into Asia. In this transformation, which included terminating the Oldsmobile brand, over 90% of core management positions were eliminated, corporate decision-making became faster and easier, production efficiencies and quality improved by spreading the lean manufacturing Toyota Production System from NUMMI, and, above all, the bottom line went from near-bankruptcy losses to decent profits. After they relinquished the CEO position in 2000 to their personally selected successor, Rick Wagoner, they continued on as Chairman to see their plan fully executed.
Along with their chairpersonship of Delta, Smith is currently a director of several other entities, including Procter & Gamble and The Nature Conservancy. Smith is a trustee of Boston University.
References
External links
Living people
1938 births
American chief executives in the automobile industry
General Motors former executives
Businesspeople from Worcester, Massachusetts
Isenberg School of Management alumni
University of Massachusetts Amherst alumni
Boston University School of Management alumni
20th-century American businesspeople
The 2020 South Dakota Democratic presidential primary took place on June 2, 2020, as part of the Democratic Party presidential primaries for the 2020 presidential election. The South Dakota primary was a semi-closed primary, with the state awarding 21 delegates, of whom 16 were pledged delegates allocated on the basis of the primary results. Joe Biden won the primary with 77.5% of the vote, while Bernie Sanders, who had suspended their campaign two months earlier, received 22.5%.
Procedure
South Dakota was one of eight contests occurring on June 2, 2020 in the Democratic primaries, along with Rhode Island, Montana, New Mexico, Maryland, Indiana, Pennsylvania, and the District of Columbia.
Voting took place throughout the state from 7 a.m. until 7 p.m. In the semi-closed primary, candidates had to meet a threshold of 15% statewide (coterminous with the state's sole congressional district) to be considered viable. The 16 pledged delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention were allocated proportionally on the basis of the primary results. Of these, 10 were district-level delegates and another 2 were allocated to party leaders and elected officials (PLEO delegates), in addition to 4 at-large pledged delegates. Originally planned with 14 delegates, the final number included a 20% bonus of 2 additional delegates on the original number of 12 district and at-large delegates by the Democratic National Committee due to the June date, which belonged to Stage III on the primary timetable.
Regional and legislative district caucuses met on March 14 to elect congressional district caucus delegates. On March 21, the congressional district caucus convened in Pierre to designate national convention district-level delegates to be listed on the ballot. The state convention then met virtually on June 20 to vote on the 3 pledged at-large and 2 PLEO delegates to send to the Democratic National Convention. The 16 pledged delegates South Dakota sent to the national convention were joined by 5 unpledged PLEO delegates (4 members of the Democratic National Committee and Tom Daschle, former Majority Leader of the U.S. Senate).
Candidates
The only two candidates on the ballot in South Dakota were:
Joe Biden
Bernie Sanders (withdrawn)
Michael Bloomberg, Pete Buttigieg and Elizabeth Warren had also qualified for the primary but officially withdrew their candidacies at the Secretary of State.
Results
References
External links
The Green Papers delegate allocation summary
South Dakota Democratic Party draft delegate selection plan
South Dakota Democratic
Democratic primary
2020
The 1917 Henley by-election was a by-election in Henley caused by the death of Major Valentine Fleming during World War I. The Conservative candidate Robert Hermon-Hodge won the subsequent by-election on 20 June 1917. They were unopposed due to a War-time electoral pact.
1917 in England
1917 elections in the United Kingdom
Henley-on-Thames
By-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom in Oxfordshire constituencies
20th century in Oxfordshire
Unopposed by-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom (need citation)
William Morris Jones (30 November 1919 – 1993) was an English footballer. A centre-forward, they scored 84 goals in 191 league games in a 13-year career in the Football League.
Jones moved from South Liverpool to Port Vale in June 1939, but had to wait seven years to make their debut because of World War II. They were sold on to Swindon Town for £2,500 in November 1947. They moved on to Crystal Palace after three years, before ending their career after spending the 1951–52 season with Watford. They were listed in the September 2002 book Swindon Town Football Club 100 Greats.
Playing career
Jones performed well for South Liverpool in the Lancashire Combination in 1938–39, ousting the more experienced Jack Roscoe from the starting line-up. However, Jones found themselves on the sidelines as South Liverpool won four trophies, including the Welsh Cup, in the spring of 1939. They signed with Port Vale in June 1939. Due to the Second World War it took until 31 August 1946, in a match against Brighton & Hove Albion, before they made their debut; in the interim they had guested four times (three times in the league) for Celtic in 1940. They scored their first Third Division South goal on 7 September, in a 2–1 defeat by Exeter City at The Old Recreation Ground. They scored a hat-trick past Watford in a 3–0 home win on 16 November, and also scored twice against Watford in the FA Cup. In total, they scored 26 goals in 44 appearances in 1946–47, becoming the club's top-scorer. They hit three goals in 14 games in 1947–48, all of the goals coming in a 6–4 win over Aldershot on 6 September.
Jones handed "Valiants" manager Gordon Hodgson a transfer request, and their wish was granted in November 1947, when they were sold to league rivals Swindon Town for £2,500. Louis Page's "Robins" finished 16th in 1947–48, with Jones scoring 14 goals in 31 games. They then hit 25 goals in 43 appearances to help the club to rise to fourth place in 1948–49. They then scored 13 goals in 27 games, as Swindon finished in 14th place in 1949–50. Jones scored 52 goals in 101 league and cup appearances during their time at the County Ground. Following a £3,500 transfer in May 1950, they scored three goals in 17 league appearances for Crystal Palace in 1950–51, as the "Eagles" finished bottom of the Third Division South. They left Selhurst Park for Watford in 1951–52. Haydn Green's "Hornets" finished three places above the bottom of the Third Division South. Despite scoring seven goals in 27 league games for a struggling team, Jones did not find another club after leaving Vicarage Road, though did have a trial with Leyton Orient.
Statistics
Source:
References
1919 births
1993 deaths
Footballers from Liverpool
English footballers
Association football forwards
South Liverpool F.C. players
Port Vale F.C. players
Celtic F.C. wartime guest players
Swindon Town F.C. players
Crystal Palace F.C. players
Watford F.C. players
English Football League players
Mansur Ismail (born 15 January 1994; popularly known as Mansur Makeup) is a Nigerian makeup artist film producer and film actor from Northern Nigeria's movie industry, known as Kannywood.
Early life and education
Mansur was born in the Kabalan Doki, Kaduna City on 15 January 1994. They attended both primary and secondary schools in Kaduna, and they studied Art at University of Jos, Plateau State.
Career
Mansur started their makeup artist in 2007 on the advice of their friend, who is also a filmmaker, to join the Kannywood industry. Mansur then got involved in Makeup and worked in Makeup in some of the biggest films of the Kannywood industry.
References
1994 births
Nigerian male film actors
Hausa-language mass media
Living people
People from Kaduna
Male actors in Hausa cinema
21st-century Nigerian male actors
University of Jos alumni
Nigerian male television actors
Hausa people
American United Entertainment also known as (American United Media) is a film production entertainment company with divisions in production, distribution, finance, film and television. IFA Distribution is a film distribution and International sales subsidiary of American United Entertainment. American United Entertainment was founded by Robert John Rodriguez in 2011.
Overview
In 2016, American United Entertainment partnered with Han Capital Management on a $200 Million Dollar Fund for North American film and television projects.
In 2014 AUE produced and financed Bullet, starring Danny Trejo as the title character and Jonathan Banks as the villain.
In 2011, American United Entertainment started IFA Distribution and formed key strategic joint ventures with Intandem Films and Funimation Entertainment where they distributed films globally. In February 2011, AUE created a film financing fund (Feature Film Partners VII) Yahoo Finance[3] with former chairperson and chief executive officer of Fox Filmed Entertainment, Bill Mechanic CEO of Pandemonium Films.
Filmography
References
External links
Film production companies of the United States
Film distributors of the United States
Companies based in Los Angeles
Mass media companies established in 2011
2011 establishments in California
American companies established in 2011
Robert Charles "Bobby" Jackson (born December 23, 1956 in Albany, Georgia) is a former cornerback for the National Football League New York Jets, retiring with 21 career interceptions and 3 fumble recoveries.
College
Jackson started at Florida State University and in 1993 was inducted into the FSU Hall of Fame.
Jackson once held the all-time interception record at FSU, since broken by Terrell Buckley. Jackson also held the single game-punt return average of 45.3 yard per return (minimum three returns) -- a record since broken by Jet star Leon Washington.
Professional career
Their professional career began when they were drafted in the sixth round of the National Football League draft of 1978. They went on to start all 16 games at cornerback their rookie year. They also tied for the team lead with 5 interceptions and was named to the “AFC All-Rookie Team” as a starter.
Jackson was named the Jets' defensive captain in the 1981 season.
They also led the team in interceptions 3 other times.
Jackson was named “HBO Defensive Player of the Week” for their play in a game against the Minnesota Vikings in 1982. Jackson scored two touchdowns in the Vikings game, one on an interception and another on a fumble return. One touchdown was 77 yards and the other was 80 yards.
Jackson was named “All Pro” by Pro Football Weekly Magazine.
Jackson was selected to the “All-Time Jet Team” as one of the top three corners in the history of the New York Jets. They had a career total of 21 interceptions.
Personal life
Jackson has helped develop the professional aspirations of their two sons. The older son, Robert Thomas was a star player for Hofstra University and drafted by the San Francisco 49ers and the younger is currently seeking their place in personal training for all sports.  They are the current owner of Action Training company based on Long Island, New York.''
References
1956 births
Living people
American football cornerbacks
New York Jets players
Florida State Seminoles football players
Sportspeople from Albany, Georgia
WWEN (88.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Catholic religious format. Licensed to Wentworth, Wisconsin, United States, the station covers the Duluth-Superior area. The station is an owned and operated affiliate of Real Presence Radio.
History
WWEN began broadcasting 2010. It was originally owned by American Family Association, and was an affiliate of American Family Radio's AFR Inspirational network. In 2016, the station was sold to Real Presence Radio for $200,000.
References
External links
Douglas County, Wisconsin
Radio stations established in 2010
2010 establishments in Wisconsin
WEN
Catholic radio stations
Catholic Church in Wisconsin
2012 ACC Tournament may refer to:
2012 ACC men's basketball tournament
2012 ACC women's basketball tournament
2012 ACC Men's Soccer Tournament
2012 ACC Women's Soccer Tournament
2012 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
2012 Atlantic Coast Conference Softball Tournament
Stephen Bowen is the name of:
Stephen Bowen (American football) (born 1984), African-american professional football player
Stephen Bowen (astronaut) (born 1964), American astronaut
Stephen Bowen (biologist), American fish biologist, Dean and CEO of Oxford College of Emory University
Stephen Bowen (politician) (born 1969), American politician from Maine
Dijon Métropole is the métropole, an intercommunal structure, centered around the city of Dijon. It is located in the Côte-d'Or department, in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region, eastern France. It was created in April 2017, replacing the previous Communauté urbaine du Grand Dijon. Its area is 240.0 km2. Its population was 253,859 in 2018, of which 156,854 in Dijon proper.
Composition
The Dijon Métropole consists of the following 23 communes:
Ahuy
Bressey-sur-Tille
Bretenière
Chenôve
Chevigny-Saint-Sauveur
Corcelles-les-Monts
Daix
Dijon
Fénay
Flavignerot
Fontaine-lès-Dijon
Hauteville-lès-Dijon
Longvic
Magny-sur-Tille
Marsannay-la-Côte
Neuilly-Crimolois
Ouges
Perrigny-lès-Dijon
Plombières-lès-Dijon
Quetigny
Saint-Apollinaire
Sennecey-lès-Dijon
Talant
References
Dijon
Dijon
Dijon
Back When I Knew It All is the sixth studio album by the American country music duo Montgomery Gentry. It was released by Columbia Records Nashville on June 10, 2008 (see 2008 in country music). The album's lead-off single, also its title track, became their fourth Number One on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts in July 2008, as did "Roll with Me", the second single, in December 2008. The third single "One in Every Crowd" was released in February 2009, followed by the fourth single "Long Line of Losers" on June 22, 2009.
Content
Back When I Knew It All was produced by Blake Chancey. The album's first release to country radio was its title track, co-written by Trent Willmon. In mid-2008, this song became Montgomery Gentry's fourth Number One hit on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. Following it was "Roll with Me", which also topped Hot Country Songs. "One in Every Crowd" is the album's third single, released in early 2009. This song and "Now You're Talkin'" were co-written by Ira Dean, formerly bass guitarist in the group, Trick Pony. "Now You're Talkin'" and "Long Line of Losers" (the fourth single) were previously recorded by Kevin Fowler on their 2007 album Bring It On, and "The Big Revival" was previously recorded by John Anderson on their 2000 album Nobody's Got It All, which Chancey also produced.
Track listing
"The Big Revival" (Dennis Linde) – 4:02
"Long Line of Losers" (Kevin Fowler, Kim Tribble) – 3:48
"Now You're Talkin'" (Ira Dean, David Lee Murphy, Tribble) – 3:24
"Back When I Knew It All" (Gary Hannan, Phil O'Donnell, Trent Willmon) – 3:59
"Roll with Me" (Clint Daniels, Tommy Karlas) – 3:53
background vocals: Five for Fighting
"One in Every Crowd" (Dean, Tribble, Eddie Montgomery) – 3:31
"Look Some More" (Tony Martin, Wendell Mobley, Neil Thrasher) – 2:58
"I Pick My Parties" (Terri Clark, Murphy, Tom Shapiro) – 3:22
featuring Toby Keith
"One Trip" (Brett James, Angelo Petraglia) – 4:01
"It Ain't About Easy" (Mike Lane, Tony Lane, David Lee) – 3:00
"God Knows Who I Am" (Hannan, O'Donnell, Montgomery) – 3:15
featuring Lillie Mae Rische of Jypsi
Personnel
Pat Buchanan - 12-string guitar, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, harmonica, slide guitar
Rachel Calloway - intro vocals on "The Big Revival"
Dan Dugmore - banjo, dobro, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, lap steel guitar, mandolin, pedal steel guitar, slide guitar
Five for Fighting - background vocals on "Roll with Me"
Troy Gentry - lead vocals, background vocals
David Grissom - baritone guitar, electric guitar
Wes Hightower - background vocals
Mark Hill - bass guitar
Toby Keith - vocals on "I Pick My Parties"
Chuck Leavell - Hammond organ, piano, Wurlitzer
Eddie Montgomery - lead vocals, background vocals
Greg Morrow - drums, percussion
Gordon Mote - intro vocals & intro organ on "The Big Revival"
MTSU Omega Delta Psi Recording Industry Fraternity - marching on "The Big Revival", clapping & gang vocals on "One In Every Crowd"
Billy Panda - acoustic guitar, electric guitar, mandolin
Lillie Mae Rische - vocals on "God Knows Who I Am"
Church Congregation on "The Big Revival": Kent Agee, Diane Akin, Jayme Calhoun-Paulk, Katie Cleek, Ryan Cook, Mel Eubanks, Missy Evans, Chris Gillis, Chris Hennessee, Teresa Pitt, Daniel Rediger, Josh Van Valkenburg, Hannah Williams, Willetta Williams
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Singles
References
AllMusic (see infobox)
2008 albums
Montgomery Gentry albums
Columbia Records albums
Albums produced by Blake Chancey
This is a list of currently or to be released Stargate literature.
Based on the movie
Based on the television series
Short fiction
The official Stargate Magazine, produced by Titan Publishing, began publishing short stories written by Fandemonium authors in their 8th issue. The stories alternate between both SG-1 and Atlantis. The magazine was available in the UK and internationally through Diamond Comic Distributors' Previews catalogue, and ended with issue #36.
References
External links
Stargate Novels Official Homepage
Gateworld Reviews of Books
Literature
Lists of novels
Jean-François Batut (26 June 1828 in Castres - 21 May 1907) was a French painter known for their portraits, with subjects including Ferdinand de Lesseps and Gustave Eiffel. Their son Léopold (born 1856) was also a painter.
References
1828 births
1907 deaths
People from Castres
19th-century French painters
19th-century French male artists
French male painters
20th-century French painters
20th-century French male artists
French portrait painters
Carenum reflexum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1897.
References
reflexum
Beetles described in 1897
Symphyotrichum lentum (formerly Aster lentus) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae with the common name of Suisun Marsh aster. It is a perennial and herbaceous plant endemic to the marshes of Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta of Northern California.
Description
Symphyotrichum lentum is similar in appearance to Symphyotrichum chilense, which may be found in the same area. It is a colonial perennial herb producing a hairless stem tall from a long rhizome. The leaves are linear or lance-shaped, pointed, and up to long near the base of the plant. The lower leaves wither by the time the plant flowers. The inflorescence is an open array of flower heads with a fringe of violet ray florets around a center of yellow disc florets. The fruit is a hairy cypsela with a long white pappus.
Distribution and habitat
Symphyotrichum lentum is endemic to the salt marshes and wet grasslands of the Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta in Northern California.
Conservation
NatureServe lists it as Imperiled (G2) worldwide.
Citations
References
External links
.
.
Aster lentus protologue in Manual of the Botany of the Region of San Francisco Bay by Edward Lee Greene.
Symphyotrichum lentum datasheet from the Centre for Agriculture and Bioscience International (CABI) Invasive Species Compendium.
lentum
Endemic flora of California
Natural history of Solano County, California
Plants described in 1894
Taxa named by Edward Lee Greene
Wilfred Fairclough (1907 – 1996) was an English artist, engraver and printmaker.
Early life and education
Fairclough was born in Blackburn in 1907 and was educated at All Saints. In 1931 they secured a place at the Royal College of Art where they studied under Malcolm Osborne and Bob Austin, mastering their craft as a printmaker. They were elected an associate of the Royal Society of Painter-Etchers in January 1934, winning the Prix de Rome Scholarship in Engraving. They were thus able to travel despite the Depression, working in Rome and subsequently in Spain on the eve of the civil war. In the summer of 1936 they married fellow artist, Joan Vernon Cryer. Their son, Michael
was born in Blackburn in 1940. Daughter, Celia, was born at the end of the war.
Career
Fairclough started work at Kingston College of Art in 1938. Fairclough's work was exhibited in Poland, Finland and Sweden in 1939. They were called up for war service, joining the RAF. Fairclough was one of the ninety-seven artists that contributed to the Pilgrim Trust funded Recording Britain initiative. Their contributions concentrated on buildings in locations near the Thames including Windsor, Henley, Ham and Petersham. In 1942 at RAF Medmenham they worked on models used for the Dambusters' raid on the Möhne Dam. They also served in India for a brief period at the end of the war.
After the war they returned to work at Kingston. Between 1947 and 1950 their work was exhibited in Australia, New Zealand and Fiji. In 1961 they secured a grant from the Leverhulme Foundation and undertook a study tour in Italy, returning to Venice for three weeks and producing numerous sketches that formed the basis for much of their later work. Back at Kingston, they became Principal of the College of Art in 1962, progressing to Assistant Director of the Kingston Polytechnic and was Head of the Division of Design from 1970 until retirement in 1972.
Although teaching and administration took much of their time, they continued to etch throughout their career, producing on average one plate per year. They also painted watercolours, self-taught and inspired by J. M. W. Turner. After retiring from Kingston they produced about four plates per year, producing sixty nine etchings between 1972 and 1994, almost doubling their pre-retirement output.
In 1990 they released a book of their etchings, The Etchings of Wilfred Fairclough, in conjunction with Ian Lowe.
Wilfred Fairclough died at Kingston upon Thames on 8 January 1996.
References
Further reading
Guichard, Kenneth M. (1977, 2nd ed. 1981), British Etchers 1850–1940. London: Robin Garton
Lowe, Ian, and Fairclough, Wilfred (1990), The Etchings of Wilfred Fairclough Aldershot: Ashgate
External links
Paintings by Wilfred Fairclough at the British Council
Search for works by Wilfred Fairclough at the Victoria and Albert Museum
Artist Wilfred Fairclough at Work 1969 Leisure Painter magazine article.
1907 births
1996 deaths
Alumni of the Royal College of Art
English etchers
English printmakers
People from Blackburn
Academics of Kingston University
The 1963–64 Football League season was Birmingham City Football Club's 61st in the Football League and their 37th in the First Division. They finished in 20th position in the 22-team division, only one point above the relegation places. They lost their opening match in each of the cup competitions, to Port Vale in the third round proper of the 1963–64 FA Cup and to Norwich City in the second round of the League Cup.
Although Birmingham maintained their First Division status, the board of directors asked Gil Merrick to resign as manager. They had been with the club for 25 years as player – they were first-choice goalkeeper for 14 years and, , they held the club's appearance record – and manager, having led Birmingham to the 1961 Fairs Cup Final in their first season and to victory in the 1963 League Cup Final to win the club's first and, until 2011, only major trophy. In June, Nottingham Forest's trainer-coach Joe Mallett was brought in with responsibility for "team affairs, including team selection". They were formally appointed manager early in the 1964–65 season.
Twenty-five players made at least one appearance in nationally organised first-team competition, and there were fifteen different goalscorers. Forward Mike Hellawell played in 42 of the 44 first-team matches over the season, and Bertie Auld finished as leading goalscorer with 10 goals, all scored in league competition.
Football League First Division
League table (part)
FA Cup
League Cup
Appearances and goals
Players with name struck through and marked left the club during the playing season.
See also
Birmingham City F.C. seasons
Notes
References
General
Source for match dates and results:
Source for lineups, appearances, goalscorers and attendances: Matthews (2010), Complete Record, pp. 362–63.
Source for kit: "Birmingham City". Historical Football Kits. Retrieved 22 May 2018.
Specific
Birmingham City F.C. seasons
Birmingham City
Edwin Frederick Gerner (July 22, 1897 – May 15, 1970), nicknamed "Lefty", was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in five games for the Cincinnati Reds in .
In 17 innings over five games, Gerner posted a 1-0 record with a 3.18 earned run average with 22 hits allowed, 10 runs allowed (6 earned), 3 walks, 2 strikeouts and 2 hit by pitch.
External links
Baseball-Reference.com
1897 births
1970 deaths
Cincinnati Reds players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Mo Thugs was an American hip hop collective formed and led by Bone Thugs-n-Harmony. Together, the Mo Thugs collective released four studio albums from 1995 to 2003. Their logo, a pyramid with a fist above it, is symbolic of their achievements; The pyramid stands for longevity, and the fist stands for victory.
History
Due to their success in 1996 Bone Thugs established their own Mo Thugs Records to introduce many of the Cleveland-based and other artists that they were developing. The group's first album, Family Scriptures was released in November 1996 produced by Romeo Antonio. The album was a success, peaking at No. 2 on both the Billboard 200 and Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums (held from the top spot of both charts by Tupac Shakur's The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory), and reaching platinum status for sales over one million copies.
Mo Thugs followed Family Scriptures in 1998 with Chapter II: Family Reunion which was then followed by Mo Thugs III: The Mothership in 2000, and The Movement in 2003.
In 2010, Layzie Bone restructured the company, branding Harmony Howse Ent. as the new parent company over Mo Thugs, governing the regional satellite branches of the ever-expanding Mo Thugs Family, such as Mo Mo Thugs West, and the rest of the Mo Thugs Affiliates worldwide.
Past and present artists include: Felecia, Poetic Hustla'z, II Tru, Graveyard Shift, Romeo Antonio, Ken Dawg, Souljah Boy, Tre', Skant, Thug Queen, Powder P, Potion, MT5, DJ Ice, Emmortal Thugs, Desperados, Lil Mack Black Hole of Watts, Dirty Red, Thin-C, Big Sloan Bone, Rocky Rock, Jeremy, Freaky G, Capone, Seldom Seen, Cat Cody, Flesh-n-Bone (who was on Def Jam until 1999) and others.
Discography
Family Scriptures (1996)
Chapter II: Family Reunion (1998)
Mo Thugs III: The Mothership (2000)
The Movement (2003)
Mo Thugs Soldiers (2007)
The Best of Mo Thugs (Volume One) (2019)
The Best of Mo Thugs (Volume Two) (2019)
Family Scriptures (2022)
MNRK Music Group artists
Hip hop collectives
Musical groups from Cleveland
Gangsta rap groups
The 2006 Portland Timbers season was the 6th season for the Portland Timbers—the 3rd incarnation of a club to bear the Timbers name—of the now-defunct USL First Division, the second-tier league of the United States and Canada at the time.
Preseason
Regular season
April
May
June
July
August
September
Competitions
USL First Division
Standings
Results summary
Results by round
U.S. Open Cup
Cup bracket
Third round
Cascadia Cup
Club
<div style="float:left; width:47%;">
Coaching staff
Top scorers
Players with 1 goal or more included only.
Disciplinary record
Players with 1 card or more included only.
Goalkeeper stats
All goalkeepers included.
Player movement
Transfers in
Loans in
Transfers out
Unsigned draft picks
Notes
A. It was announced on March 30, 2005 that Portland Baseball Investment Group, headed by Abe Alizadeh, had agreed to buy the Timbers and the Portland Beavers baseball club from the Pacific Coast League. The Timbers referred to Alizadeh as the Majority Owner in press releases throughout the 2005 and 2006 seasons. However, the sale was not officially completed until June 16, 2006.
References
2006
American soccer clubs 2006 season
2006 in sports in Oregon
2006 in Portland, Oregon
Antitranspirants are compounds applied to the leaves of plants to reduce transpiration. They are used on Christmas trees, on cut flowers, on newly transplanted shrubs, and in other applications to preserve and protect plants from drying out too quickly. They have also been used to protect leaves from salt burn and fungal diseases .
They block the active excretion of hydrogen cation from the guard cells. Due to presence of carbon dioxide, a rapid acidification of cytoplasm takes place leading to stomatal closure. Milbarrow (1974) has described the formation of these chemicals in the chloroplast. It moves to the stomata, where it is responsible for checking the intake of Potassium ion or induces loss of potassium ion from the guard cells.
Antitranspirants are of two types: metabolic inhibitors and film-forming antitranspirants.
Metabolic inhibitors reduce the stomatal opening and increase the leaf resistance to water vapour diffusion without affecting carbon dioxide uptake. Examples include phenylmercury acetate, abscisic acid (ABA), and aspirin.
Film-forming antitranspirants form a colorless film on the leaf surface that allows diffusion of gases but not of water vapour. Examples include silicone oil, waxes.
References
Plant physiology
Brit Awards 2022, presented by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI), was held on 8 February 2022 to recognize the best in British and international music. The ceremony took place at The O2 Arena in London, and was hosted by British comedian Mo Gilligan.
The BPI announced in November 2021 that the Brit Awards would no longer use gendered categories, and that it would also revive the categories for best Alternative/Rock Act, Dance Act, Hip Hop/Rap/Grime Act, and Pop/R&B Act. Nominations were announced on 18 December 2021, with Adele, Dave, Ed Sheeran, and Little Simz tied for the most nominations, and the largest number of nominations given to female acts since Brit Awards 2010.
Performances
Nominations show
Main show
Winners and nominees
On 22 November 2021, the BPI announced that it would re-align the categories for the 42nd Brit Awards to be gender-neutral; it was stated that the change was intended to "[recognize] artists solely for their music and work, rather than how they choose to identify or as others may see them, as part of the Brits' commitment to evolving the show to be as inclusive and as relevant as possible." This resulted in the merger of the Female Solo Artist and Male Solo Artist into a new "Artist of the Year" category, and the merger of International Female Solo Artist and International Male Solo Artist into a revived International Artist of the Year category (originally presented between 1986 and 1993). To compensate for the removal of categories, four genre-based awards—Alternative/Rock Act, Dance Act, Hip Hop/Rap/Grime Act, and Pop/R&B Act—were reinstated. These awards were voted on via TikTok.
Nominees for the Rising Star Award were announced on 30 November 2021 and the winner was announced on 9 December 2021. The nominees for the other categories were announced on 18 December 2021 during a televised special, The Brits Are Coming, which was hosted by Maya Jama and Clara Amfo.
References
External links
Brit Awards official website
Brit Awards
February 2022 events in the United Kingdom
2022 music awards
2022 in British music
2022 awards in the United Kingdom
The London ePrix is an annual race of the single-seater, electrically powered Formula E championship, held in London, United Kingdom. It was first raced in the 2014–15 season until the 2015–16 season. The event was originally meant to return for the 2019–20 season at a new location around (and through) ExCeL London before being cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The event at the new location was eventually held in the following season.
Battersea Park Circuit
The first two editions of the London ePrix took place at the Battersea Park Street Circuit, a temporary street circuit at Battersea Park in London, England. The track was 2.922 km in length and featured 17 turns. The track was designed by Formula E's London event team and British architect Simon Gibbons.
Royal Victoria Dock/ExCeL
For the 2019–20 season, the London ePrix was scheduled to be held around and through the ExCeL London and around the Royal Victoria Dock.The layout, featuring 23 turns, became Formula E's first "indoor/outdoor" track.
However, the calendar was adjusted due to the COVID-19 pandemic before being cancelled. The London ePrix finally returned in the 2020–21 season, this time as a double header.
Before 2022 London ePrix, the circuit length was decreased to .
Results
Repeat winners (drivers)
References
London
Auto races in the United Kingdom
International sports competitions in London
Recurring sporting events established in 2015
2015 establishments in England
There are over 177 species of fish in the US state of Oklahoma, at least 7% of which are not native.
Species include:
Alabama shad (Alosa alabamae)
Alligator gar (Atractosteus spatula)
American eel (Anguilla rostrata)
American gizzard shad (Dorosoma cepedianum)
American paddlefish (Polyodon spathula)
Arkansas darter (Etheostoma cragini)
Arkansas River shiner (Notropis girardi)
Banded darter (Etheostoma zonale)
Banded pygmy sunfish (Elassoma zonatum)
Banded sculpin (Cottus carolinae)
Bantam sunfish (Lepomis symmetricus)
Bigeye chub (Hybopsis amblops)
Bigeye shiner (Notropis boops)
Bigmouth buffalo (Ictiobus cyprinellus)
Black buffalo (Ictiobus niger)
Black bullhead (Ameiurus melas)
Black crappie (Pomoxis nigromaculatus)
Black redhorse (Moxostoma duquesni)
Blackside darter (Percina maculata)
Blackspot shiner (Notropis atrocaudalis)
Blackspotted topminnow (Fundulus olivaceus)
Blackstripe topminnow (Fundulus notatus)
Blacktail shiner (Cyprinella venusta)
Blue catfish (Ictalurus furcatus)
Blue sucker (Cycleptus elongatus)
Bluegill (Lepomis macrochirus)
Bluehead shiner (Pteronotropis hubbsi)
Bluntface shiner (Cyprinella camura)
Bluntnose darter (Etheostoma chlorosomum)
Bluntnose minnow (Pimephales notatus)
Bowfin (Amia calva)
Brindled madtom (Noturus miurus)
Brook silverside (Labidesthes sicculus)
Brown bullhead (Ameiurus nebulosus)
Brown trout (Salmo trutta)
Bullhead minnow (Pimephales vigilax)
Cardinal shiner (Luxilus cardinalis)
Carmine shiner (Notropis percobromus)
Central stoneroller (Campostoma anomalum)
Chain pickerel (Esox niger)
Channel catfish (Ictalurus punctatus)
Channel darter (Percina copelandi)
Chestnut lamprey (Ichthyomyzon castaneus)
Chub shiner (Notropis potteri)
Common carp (Cyprinus carpio)
Common logperch (Percina caprodes)
Common shiner (Luxilus cornutus)
Creek chub (Semotilus atromaculatus)
Creek chubsucker (Erimyzon oblongus)
Creole darter (Etheostoma collettei)
Crystal darter (Crystallaria asprella)
Cypress darter (Etheostoma proeliare)
Cypress minnow (Hybognathus hayi)
Dollar sunfish (Lepomis marginatus)
Dusky darter (Percina sciera)
Emerald shiner (Notropis atherinoides)
Fantail darter (Etheostoma flabellare)
Fathead minnow (Pimephales promelas)
Flathead catfish (Pylodictis olivaris)
Flathead chub (Platygobio gracilis)
Flathead mullet (Mugil cephalus)
Flier (Centrarchus macropterus)
Freckled madtom (Noturus nocturnus)
Freshwater drum (Aplodinotus grunniens)
Ghost shiner (Notropis buchanani)
Golden redhorse (Moxostoma erythrurum)
Golden shiner (Notemigonus crysoleucas)
Golden topminnow (Fundulus chrysotus)
Goldeye (Hiodon alosoides)
Goldfish (Carassius auratus auratus)
Goldstripe darter (Etheostoma parvipinne)
Grass pickerel (Esox americanus vermiculatus)
Gravel chub (Erimystax x-punctatus)
Green sunfish (Lepomis cyanellus)
Greenside darter (Etheostoma blennioides)
Harlequin darter (Etheostoma histrio)
Highfin carpsucker (Carpiodes velifer)
Hybrid striped bass (Morone chrysops × M. saxatilis)
Inland silverside (Menidia beryllina)
Ironcolor shiner (Notropis chalybaeus)
Johnny darter (Etheostoma nigrum)
Kiamichi shiner (Notropis ortenburgeri)
Lake chubsucker (Erimyzon sucetta)
Largemouth bass (Micropterus salmoides)
Largescale stoneroller (Campostoma oligolepis)
Least darter (Etheostoma microperca)
Leopard darter (Percina pantherina)
Longear sunfish (Lepomis megalotis)
Longnose darter (Percina nasuta)
Longnose gar (Lepisosteus osseus)
Lowland topminnow (Fundulus blairae)
Mexican tetra (Astyanax mexicanus)
Mimic shiner (Notropis volucellus)
Mississippi silvery minnow (Hybognathus nuchalis)
Mooneye (Hiodon tergisus)
Eastern mosquitofish (Gambusia holbrooki)
Western mosquitofish (Gambusia affinis)
Mountain madtom (Noturus eleutherus)
Mud darter (Etheostoma asprigene)
Neosho madtom (Noturus placidus)
Northern hogsucker (Hypentelium nigricans)
Northern pike (Esox lucius)
Northern studfish (Fundulus catenatus)
Orangebelly darter (Etheostoma radiosum)
Orangespotted sunfish (Lepomis humilis)
Orangethroat darter (Etheostoma spectabile)
Ouachita shiner (Lythrurus snelsoni)
Ozark cavefish (Amblyopsis rosae)
Ozark minnow (Notropis nubilus)
Pallid shiner (Hybopsis amnis)
Peppered shiner (Notropis perpallidus)
Pirate perch (Aphredoderus sayanus)
Plains killifish (Fundulus zebrinus)
Plains minnow (Hybognathus placitus)
Plains topminnow (Fundulus sciadicus)
Prairie chub (Macrhybopsis australis)
Pugnose minnow (Opsopoeodus emiliae)
Quillback (Carpiodes cyprinus)
Rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss)
Red River pupfish (Cyprinodon rubrofluviatilis)
Red River shiner (Notropis bairdi)
Red shiner (Cyprinella lutrensis)
Redbreast sunfish (Lepomis auritus)
Redear sunfish (Lepomis microlophus)
Redfin darter (Etheostoma whipplei)
Redfin shiner (Lythrurus umbratilis)
Redspot chub (Nocomis asper)
Redspot darter (Etheostoma artesiae)
Redspotted sunfish (Lepomis miniatus)
Ribbon shiner (Lythrurus fumeus)
River carpsucker (Carpiodes carpio)
River darter (Percina shumardi)
River redhorse (Moxostoma carinatum)
River shiner (Notropis blennius)
Rock bass (Ambloplites rupestris)
Rocky shiner (Notropis suttkusi)
Rosyface shiner (Notropis rubellus)
Sand shiner (Notropis stramineus)
Sauger (Sander canadensis)
Scaly sand darter (Ammocrypta vivax)
Shadow bass (Ambloplites ariommus)
Shoal chub (Macrhybopsis hyostoma)
Shorthead redhorse (Moxostoma macrolepidotum)
Shortnose gar (Lepisosteus platostomus)
Shovelnose sturgeon (Scaphirhynchus platorynchus)
Silver chub (Macrhybopsis storeriana)
Silver Redhorse (moxostoma anisurum)
Silverband shiner (Notropis shumardi)
Skipjack shad (Alosa chrysochloris)
Slender madtom (Noturus exilis)
Slenderhead darter (Percina phoxocephala)
Slim minnow (Pimephales tenellus)
Slough darter (Etheostoma gracile)
Smallmouth bass (Micropterus dolomieu)
Smallmouth buffalo (Ictiobus bubalus)
Southern brook lamprey (Ichthyomyzon gagei)
Southern redbelly dace (Chrosomus erythrogaster)
Speckled darter (Etheostoma stigmaeum)
Spotfin shiner (Cyprinella spiloptera)
Spotted bass (Micropterus punctulatus)
Spotted gar (Lepisosteus oculatus)
Spotted sucker (Minytrema melanops)
Steelcolor shiner (Cyprinella whipplei)
Stippled darter (Etheostoma punctulatum)
Stonecat (Noturus flavus)
Striped bass (Morone saxatilis)
Striped shiner (Luxilus chrysocephalus)
Suckermouth minnow (Phenacobius mirabilis)
Swamp darter (Etheostoma fusiforme)
Tadpole madtom (Noturus gyrinus)
Taillight shiner (Notropis maculatus)
Threadfin shad (Dorosoma petenense)
Walleye (Sander vitreus)
Warmouth (Lepomis gulosus)
Wedgespot shiner (Notropis greenei)
Western sand darter (Ammocrypta clara)
White bass (Morone chrysops)
White crappie (Pomoxis annularis)
White sucker (Catostomus commersonii)
Yellow bass (Morone mississippiensis)
Yellow bullhead (Ameiurus natalis)
Yellow perch (Perca flavescens)
Sources
Fish
Oklahoma
Ance is a village in Ventspils municipality, Latvia.
See also
Ance parish
References
Towns and villages in Latvia
Ventspils Municipality
Kling is a surname.
Geographical distribution
As of 2014, 40.2% of all known bearers of the surname Kling were residents of Germany (frequency 1:6,549), 33.3% of the United States (1:35,616), 7.4% of Sweden (1:4,371), 4.0% of France (1:54,920), 2.8% of Russia (1:168,564), 2.3% of Brazil (1:295,111), 1.6% of the Netherlands (1:35,243) and 1.0% of Argentina (1:136,126).
In Sweden, the frequency of the surname was higher than national average (1:4,371) in the following counties:
1. Kalmar County (1:2,129)
2. Jönköping County (1:2,389)
3. Gävleborg County (1:2,569)
4. Västra Götaland County (1:3,110)
5. Östergötland County (1:3,290)
6. Dalarna County (1:3,331)
7. Örebro County (1:3,478)
8. Värmland County (1:3,963)
In Germany, the frequency of the surname was higher than national average (1:6,549) in the following states:
1. Baden-Württemberg (1:2,661)
2. Hesse (1:3,126)
3. Rhineland-Palatinate (1:4,661)
4. Bavaria (1:4,839)
People
Anja Kling (born 1970), German actor
Arnold Kling (born 1954), American economist and blogger
Catherine Kling (born 1960), American economist
Florence Kling, maiden name of Florence Harding (1860-1924), wife of US President Warren G. Harding
Heinrich Kling (1913-1951), German World War II Waffen SS officer
Johan Kling (born 1962), Swedish film director, screenwriter and novelist
Johnny Kling (1875-1947), American baseball catcher
Bill Kling (1867-1934), American baseball pitcher
Josef Kling (1811-1876), German chess master
Karl Kling (1910-2003), German motor racing driver and manager
Måns Nilsson Kling, governor of the 17th century colony of New Sweden
Marc-Uwe Kling (born 1982), German cabaret artist, author and songwriter
Ricky Kling (born 1987), Swedish motorcycle speedway rider
Robert Kling, alias used by Timothy McVeigh (1968-2001), American domestic terrorist
Robert Kling (born 1997), Norwegian footballer
Stephan Kling (born 1981), German footballer
Thomas Kling (1957-2005), German poet
Wilhelm Kling (1902-1973), Communist Party of Germany and Socialist Unity Party functionary
William Hugh Kling (born 1942), American business person, created Minnesota Public Radio
Woody Kling (1925-1998), American television writer and producer
Other uses
Kling or Keling, a term for Malaysians, Indonesians or Singaporeans of Indian descent
Upper Cross Street, Singapore, also known as Kling Street due to Indian traders living in the area
Mount Kling, South Georgia, Atlantic Ocean
Klings
See also
Klingons
References
German-language surnames
Swedish-language surnames
Base / Progetti per l'arte is a non profit artist run space established in 1998 in Florence, Italy, by a collective of artists who live and work in Tuscany. Base in an idea by artists for other artists.
Artist collective
Base / Progetti per l'arte was founded by:
Antonio Catelani
Carlo Guaita
Paolo Masi
Massimo Nannucci
Maurizio Nannucci and Paolo Parisi
Currently Base / Progetti per l'arte artist collective is formed by:
Mario Airò
Marco Bagnoli
Massimo Bartolini
Vittorio Cavallini
Yuki Ichihashi
Paolo Masi
Massimo Nannucci
Maurizio Nannucci
Paolo Parisi
Remo Salvadori
Enrico Vezzi
Exhibitions
Since its foundation Base / Progetti per l'arte has presented site specific installations including:
Sol LeWitt
Marco Bagnoli
Alfredo Pirri
Cesare Pietroiusti
Niele Toroni
Michael Galasso
Jan Vercruysse
Heimo Zobernig
Luca Pancrazzi
Marco Fusinato and John Nixon
Ingo Springenschmid
Paolo Masi
Antoni Muntadas
Robert Barry
Luca Vitone
Liliana Moro
Claude Closky
Remo Salvadori
Pietro Sanguineti
Liam Gillick
Massimo Bartolini
Mario Airò
Eva Marisaldi
Rainer Ganahl
François Morellet
Bernhard Rüdiger
Nedko Solakov & Slava Nakovska
Olaf Nicolai
Kinkaleri
Rirkrit Tiravanija
Matt Mullican
Michel Verjux
Elisabetta Benassi
Pedro Cabrita Reis
Pietro Riparbelli
Simone Berti
Jeppe Hein
Gerwald Rockenschaub
Jonathan Monk
Peter Kogler
Carsten Nicolai
Surasi Kusolwong
Franz West
Tino Sehgal
Nico Dockx
Grazia Toderi
Armin Linke
Davide Bertocchi
Pierre Bismuth
Olivier Mosset
Stefano Arienti
Erwin Wurm
Thomas Bayrle
Diego Perrone and Christian Frosi
Hans Schabus
Maurizio Mochetti
Lawrence Weiner
Amedeo Martegani
Gianni Caravaggio
Piero Golia
David Tremlett
Franco Vaccari
Remo Buti
Gianni Pettena
Superstudio
Lapo Binazzi & Ufo 9999
Zziggurat
Koo Jeong A
Christian Jankowski
Giuseppe Gabellone
Martin Creed
Ken Lum
Nedko Solakov
Richard Long
References
External links
Base Book, Firenze 2019
Italian artist groups and collectives
Artist-run centres
Contemporary art galleries in Italy
Eric Mitchell is a Canadian ski jumper who has competed since 2008. At the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, they finished 12th in the team large hill, 49th in the individual normal hill, and 51st in the individual large hill events.
Mitchell's best career individual finish was 1st in an FIS Cup HS 106 event at Poland in 2011.
In 2013 they were the top Canadian at the National Championships in Whistler.
Mitchell officially came out as gay in a profile on the LGBT sports publication Outsports in 2015.
References
External links
1992 births
Canadian male ski jumpers
Living people
Olympic ski jumpers of Canada
Skiers from Calgary
Ski jumpers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
LGBT sportspeople from Canada
Gay sportsmen
LGBT skiers
LGBT ski jumpers
Arthur William Penny (3 December 1907 – 29 November 2003) was an English athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games and won the gold medal in the 6-mile event (9.7 km).
External links
Profile at TOPS in athletics
Obituary at the website of the Belgrave Harriers
1907 births
2003 deaths
English male long-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for England
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Glenn D. Joyal is a Canadian judge, who has been the Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench of Manitoba since their appointment on February 4, 2011. They replaced Marc M. Monnin, upon their elevation to the Court of Appeal of Manitoba.
Joyal pursued Graduate Studies in Public Law and Political Theory at Oxford University in 1995–1996. They received a Master of Arts (with distinction) from the University of Manitoba in 1992 and a Bachelor of Laws in 1986 at McGill University. They were admitted to the Bar of Manitoba in 1987 and practised as a Provincial Crown Attorney in Manitoba (1986–1990), with Justice Canada (1990–1997) and then with the firm of Wolch Pinx Tapper Scurfield in Winnipeg (1997–1998).
Joyal was appointed a judge of the Provincial Court of Manitoba in 1998, where they developed their expertise in criminal and constitutional law. On March 2, 2007, they were appointed to the Manitoba Court of Appeal, replacing Charles Huband. They became a judge of the Court of Queen's Bench of Manitoba on July 10, 2007, replacing A. L. Clearwater, who elected to become a supernumerary judge. They were appointed Associate Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench of Manitoba in January 2009.
Joyal works in both English and French and has served as a Member of several Provincial Court Committees. They have been Vice-Chair of the Board of Directors for St. Mary's Academy, a Member of the Board of Directors for Le Cercle Molière and a Member of l'Association des juristes d'expression française du Manitoba.
References
Government of Canada News Release (accessed September 25, 2014)
University of Manitoba News Release (accessed September 25, 2014)
Government of Canada News Release (accessed September 25, 2014)
Government of Canada News Release (accessed July 26, 2007)
Government of Canada News Release (accessed July 26, 2007)
Judges in Manitoba
University of Manitoba alumni
Living people
Alumni of the University of Oxford
McGill University Faculty of Law alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
A general election was held in the U.S. state of Wyoming on Tuesday, November 4, 1952. Two statewide elections were held: a special election for Wyoming State Treasurer following the death of incumbent Treasurer J. Roy Mitchell, and an election for a seat on the Supreme Court of Wyoming. Incumbent Treasurer Minnie A. Mitchell, who had been appointed to succeed their husband by Governor Frank A. Barrett, won the election to serve the balance of their husband's term, and Justice Harry P. Ilsley was unopposed for re-election.
Treasurer
On May 6, 1952, incumbent Republican State Treasurer J. Roy Mitchell, who had just been elected to their post in 1950, died in office. On May 13, Governor Barrett announced that they were appointing Minnie A. Mitchell as their husband's successor, making them the state's first woman to serve as State Treasurer. Following Mitchell's death, a special election was held to fill the balance of their term. In accepting the appointment as Treasurer, Minnie Mitchell agreed to run in the special election.
Democratic primary
No Democratic candidates filed to run for State Treasurer, but the Wyoming Democratic Party organized a write-in campaign for John Bentley, an insurance broker in Sheridan. In the primary election, the write-in campaign succeeded in getting Bentley 1,789 votes, enough to earn them the nomination, which they accepted.
Republican primary
Candidates
Minnie A. Mitchell, incumbent State Treasurer
Results
General election
Results
Supreme Court of Wyoming
On December 7, 1951, Justice Ralph Kimball of the Supreme Court of Wyoming announced that they would step down from the court effective January 7, 1952. A week later, on December 14, Governor Frank A. Barrett announced that they would appoint Judge Harry P. Ilsley of the Sixth Judicial District Court to fill the balance of Kimball's term, which expired on January 5, 1953. Ilsley announced that they would seek re-election to the Court on May 15, 1952,
When no candidates filed to run against him, Ilsley won re-election unopposed, receiving 100% of the votes cast in the August primary and in the November general election. However, several weeks into Ilsley's first full term in office, they died, and was succeeded by Justice Harry Harnsberger.
Candidates
Harry P. Ilsley, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of Wyoming
Primary results
General election results
References
Wyoming
Julius 'Papa' Ringel (16 November 1889 – 11 February 1967) was an Austrian general in the armed forces of Nazi Germany during World War II.
They fought in the Western and Eastern fronts, as well as the
Balkan Campaign. Ringel commanded the 3rd Mountain Division, 5th Mountain Division, LXIX Corps, Wehrkreis XI and the Army Corps Ringel. They were a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.
Early life
Julius Ringel was born in Völkermarkt in the Austrian state of Carinthia. In 1905, they were admitted to a military school in Vienna, graduating on 18 August 1909.
Service in the Austro-Hungarian and Austrian Armies
Following their education, Fähnrich Ringel was assigned to the k.u.k. Landwehr Infanterie-Regiment 4 (a mountain infantry unit) and a year later, they were promoted to Leutnant. During World War I, Ringel saw action in Galicia and the Italian Alps where they were taken prisoner of war in 1918. Upon their return to the newly formed Republic of German Austria, Ringel fought against the troops of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia occupying Carinthia. Following the Carinthian Plebiscite and the creation of the First Austrian Republic, Ringel was transferred to the Austrian Federal Army where they rose to the rank Lieutenant Colonel in 1932.
Service in the Wehrmacht
As an avid supporter of the Nazi Party, Ringel strongly encouraged the union of Austria with the German Reich and after the Anschluss enthusiastically joined the Wehrmacht with the 3rd Mountain Division. On 1 February 1939, Ringel was promoted to colonel. When World War II began, they were assigned to the 268th Infantry Division as a regimental commander and they took part in the campaign in the West.
On 7 June 1940, Ringel returned to the 3rd Mountain Division, becoming its commander on 14 July 1940. In October, they were promoted to Major General and appointed commander of the newly established 5th Mountain Division. The division saw its first action in the spring of 1941 in the Balkans Campaign and took part in the operations codenamed Marita and Merkur aimed to capture mainland Greece and Crete. For their leadership during these operations Ringel was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 13 June 1941.
The operation in Crete was still underway when Ringel ordered their mountaineers to carry out reprisals against civilians who fought the invading Germans.
In November 1941, Ringel's division was posted back to Germany for rest and reorganization. In March 1942 it was sent to the Eastern Front southeast of Leningrad, to take part in the operations against the Soviet Volkhov Front. For their actions, Ringel was promoted to Lieutenant General and in October 1943 received the Oak Leaves to their Knight's Cross. Ringel's division was transferred to Italy in December 1943 to man the Winter Line near the town of Cassino. Four months later, they were appointed commander of the LXIX Army Corps in Croatia. In June, Ringel was promoted to the General of the mountain troops and put in charge of the Military District Salzburg (Wehrkreis XVIII (Salzburg)) from which the Army Corps Ringel was formed. They held this appointment until the end of the war. They died in Bayerisch Gmain in 1967.
Decorations
Austrian Order of the Iron Crown, 3rd Class with War Decoration, Swords and Golden Bar (awarded two times)(10 November 1939)
Eastern Front Medal (15 August 1942)
Ärmelband Kreta (10 December 1942)
Iron Cross (1939) 2nd class (10 November 1939) & 1st class (15 April 1941)
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
Knight's Cross on 13 June 1941 as Generalmajor and commander of the 5. Gebirgs-Division
Oak Leaves on 25 October 1943 as Generalleutnant and commander of the 5. Gebirgs-Division
References
Citations
Bibliography
1889 births
1967 deaths
People from Völkermarkt
Generals of Mountain Troops
Austro-Hungarian military personnel of World War I
Austro-Hungarian prisoners of war in World War I
World War I prisoners of war held by Italy
Austrian Nazis
Austrian military personnel of World War II
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
Austro-Hungarian Army officers
Art and cultural repatriation after World War II
German Army officers of World War II
José Pedro Gonçalves Taques (born March 15, 1968) is a Brazilian teacher and politician. They have previously as governor of Mato Grosso and senator for the same state.
References
1968 births
People from Cuiabá
Governors of Mato Grosso
Living people
Democratic Labour Party (Brazil) politicians
Brazilian Social Democracy Party politicians
Solidariedade politicians
Members of the Federal Senate (Brazil)
Waste Not () is an exhibit by Chinese artist Song Dong that displays over 10,000 domestic objects formerly owned by their late mother, who refused to throw anything away if they could possibly reuse it. They had suffered poverty during China's turmoils in the 1950s and 1960s and had acquired a habit of thrift and re-use that led them to store domestic objects of all kinds in their tiny house in Beijing. After the death of their husband in 2002, their desire to hoard items became an obsession that began to affect their standard of living. Song and their sister managed to alleviate it by persuading them to let them use their possessions as an art installation, reflecting their life and the modern history of China as experienced by one family. First exhibited in Beijing in 2005, Waste Not has since travelled around the world to major galleries in Canada, the United Kingdom and the United States, where it has been well received by critics.
Background
Song Dong is a Chinese artist who is often described as a practitioner of conceptual art, focusing on ideas as much as physical materials. They were born in 1966 during the Cultural Revolution and lived through the turmoil that accompanied the development of modern China. They worked as a painter until the suppression of the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989, following which they switched to performance, video and photography after a hiatus of several years.
Born in 1938, Song Dong's mother Zhao Xiangyuan was a member of a prosperous family that fell on hard times after Mao Zedong established the People's Republic of China in 1949. Their maternal grandfather was an officer in the Kuomintang (KMT), the nationalist party that ruled much of China from 1928 until its retreat to Taiwan in 1949 after being defeated by the Communist Party of China during the Chinese Civil War. They served with the KMT in the Second Sino-Japanese War. In 1950, their grandparents and their mother moved to Beijing but in 1953 their grandfather was arrested and imprisoned for several years on charges of being a spy for the KMT. Their grandmother died of cancer in 1961, having brought up the family in their grandfather's absence. The repeated natural and human-made disasters suffered by China in the 1950s and 1960s, such as the Great Leap Forward and the Cultural Revolution, claimed the lives of millions of Chinese and drove Song Dong's family into poverty. Their father, Song Shiping, was sent to a re-education camp for several years during the Cultural Revolution and did not return to Zhao or the younger Song until 1978.
Like many other Chinese at the time, Zhao adopted the habits of frugality and thrift in order to make the best of what little they had. Song recalls that when they were a child, "my mother always brought scraps of fabric to make clothes, because they didn't need to be purchased with the government-distributed clothing coupons." They continued to collect them even in better times because they feared that the shortages might some day return, seeing the habit of "waste not" as a fabao – literally a "magic weapon" to guard against a return to poverty.
When Song's father died suddenly in 2002 their mother suffered an emotional breakdown and their habit of holding on to things was taken to extremes, with every possible space of their tiny house crammed with thousands of domestic odds and ends. Song Dong and their sister Song Hui attempted to tidy up for them but this led to conflict, as Zhao opposed their efforts to dispose of things that they saw as potentially useful. Song eventually came to understand that, as they put it,
They found a way to improve the quality of Zhao's life and still respect their wishes by using the principle of "waste not" and making art out of their mother's possessions. In 2005 they created an exhibit of the objects that they had collected, to their delight; they told him, "Keeping those things was useful, wasn't it!" In putting their things on public display, "it gave my mother a space to put their memories and history in order," where they were acting as the artist and Song was just their assistant. Song and their mother created a neon sign for the exhibit in 2005 as a message, facing the stars, to their father: "Dad, don't worry, mum and all the family are well". Zhao themselves died in 2008 after they tried to rescue a wounded bird from a tree but fell from a step-ladder during the attempt.
Exhibit and reviews
Waste Not was first displayed in Beijing at the Beijing Tokyo Art Projects in 2005, where it was documented by the art historian Wu Hung. As of 2012, it has been shown at eight museums and galleries including the Barbican Centre, London; the Museum of Modern Art, New York; and the Vancouver Art Gallery, Vancouver; in 2015 in Kunsthalle Düsseldorf. The exhibit consists of thousands of domestic objects such as toothpaste tubes, bowls, toys, bottle tops, crockery, cutlery, food containers and ballpoint pens, arranged in neat rows or piles. They are ordered purely by use and type rather than by colour, shape of texture, and are identically spaced from their neighbours; they have no inherent aesthetic value. The exhibit is curated by Song Dong, their wife and fellow artist Yin Xiuzhen and their sister Song Hui. It takes its name from the Chinese adage wù jìn qí yòng (物尽其用), translated roughly as "waste not, want not" but more literally as "anything that can be somehow of use, should be used as much as possible". In 2011, Waste Not formed part of a larger exhibition titled Song Dong: Dad and Mom, Don't Worry About Us, We Are All Well at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco in which Song combined the display of their mother's possessions with other photo-based works focusing on their family.
Song comments that the collection of bits of old soap gathered in a washing bowl are their favourite items in the exhibit: "They look like stones now but to me they're very special. Some of the bits are probably older than I am. My mother gave them to me as a gift on my wedding day but I said: 'Oh I wash my clothes in a washing machine now I don't need to soap'. But when I started the project I realised she'd kept the soap pieces anyway. So it wasn't just soap, it was my mother's love." They feel that their mother "lives in this work because each time we do Waste Not I have to discuss it with my sister and my family - and my mother becomes part of the discussion."
Waste Not has been positively reviewed by many critics. Writing in The New York Times, Holland Cotter felt that it sent "mixed signals": "On the one hand, it is fascinating to be wandering, right here in New York, through a time capsule of a lost era of Chinese culture. On the other, it is disturbing to imagine anyone growing up, as Mr. Song did, in so smothering a physical environment. Finally, it is deeply moving to see the span of one person's life — their mother's — summed up, monument style, in a work of art that is every bit as much about loss as it is about muchness.
The BBC's Vincent Dowd commented that "most of us could walk around Waste Not and find echoes of our own lives. It's the most personal of exhibitions and yet the most universal." Jenny Gilbert of The Independent saw it as "a densely detailed portrait of a family's life together", seeing it as "a bid to fill an emotional void left by children grown and gone, a partner deceased." They noted that the "faded and ferociously ironed-flat baby clothes are freighted with longing – perhaps not only for times past, however hard and meagre, but for an imagined future: phantom grandchildren, the cycle beginning again."
Michelle Price of the Architects Journal drew a somewhat different lesson, feeling that it highlighted "the level of consumerism and waste in the world" and commenting that it "questions the throw-away culture we live in and promotes a more thrifty lifestyle that would contribute to lowering CO2 emissions worldwide." Ben Luke of the London Evening Standard newspaper likewise saw it as "a stark reflection of a single human life on the environment", noting that while Zhao's collection of domestic objects "adds up to a modest existence but, even still, multiply their footprint by the billions of other people on the earth, many of them far more wasteful, and the work becomes as much a warning as it is a poignant family portrait."
The reviewer for Vancouver's Here and Elsewhere magazine found Waste Not "visually astonishing", as it presents a sight that many people would normally never see: "Since most people would throw away the great majority of the items the artist's mother carefully collated, seeing them amassed in this fashion is a visceral shock." Time Out's Martin Coomer similarly found it "infinitely photogenic, endlessly distracting" and saw similarities to the arrangements of other artists, notably Sarah Sze and Tomoko Takahashi.
The exhibit has been particularly well received by Chinese people who lived through the Cultural Revolution and had similar experiences. According to Song, while it was being displayed in Beijing, "many people came who had a similar life during the cultural revolution and talked to my mother for half a day at a time. They told her: 'It's not your home, it's my home.' It got my mother out of their sadness – they said they had a second life."
References
External links
Song Dong: Dad and Mom, Don't Worry About Us, We Are All Well (incorporating Waste Not) at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts
Chinese contemporary art
2005 works
Installation art works
Who I Am is the second studio album by Canadian country rock artist Cory Marks, and was released on August 7, 2020 through Better Noise Music.
Background
Marks spent five years co-writing and recording the songs for this album with producer Kevin Churko. Marks frequently travelled from their hometown North Bay, Ontario to Churko's studio "The Hideout" in Las Vegas, Nevada to work on the album.
Critical reception
Dave Brooks of Billboard referred to the album as the "Long Awaited Next Generation Country Rock Record". Nanci Dagg of Canadian Beats Media said of Marks and the album: "his style is outlaw country/country rock and they pull it off like no other. They have a boisterous sound and unique style that will always impress those who have come to know them and their music". Rock 'N' Load Magazine said the "album is packed with a gnarly backbone and beautiful melodies intertwined right across the thirteen fine recordings". Andy Morley of Maximum Volume Music stated the album is "for the good ol' boys, [it's] never meaning no harm, oh and it's going to take over the world. See, a college hockey player, and a pilot they might have been, but these days Cory Marks is about to break out as a big star.
Singles
Marks released their first single on Better Noise Music, "Outlaws & Outsiders", featuring Ivan Moody, Travis Tritt, and Mick Mars, in November of 2019. It debuted at #1 on iTunes in Canada as well as #1 on the Billboard Rock Digital Songs and Hard Rock Digital Songs charts and #7 on the Country Digital Songs charts and would later peak inside the top 10 on US Mainstream Rock radio, top 5 on German rock radio, and at #12 on Canada Rock radio.
Marks released three promotional singles, "Better Off", "Blame It on the Double", and "Devil's Grin", prior to officially announcing the album.
In June 2020, Marks released "Drive", and announced it as the second single to country radio off the simultaneously announced album.
"Blame It on the Double" became the album's second single to rock radio in Germany and the United Kingdom in October 2020. A later version of the song featuring Tyler Connolly of Theory of a Deadman was sent to Canadian country radio, while another version featuring Connolly and Jason Hook was sent to Canadian rock radio.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the album liner notes.
Scotty Alexander - electric guitar, acoustic guitar, fiddle, banjo
Jay Buettner - electric guitar
Kane Churko - electric guitar, acoustic guitar, keys, production, engineering
Kevin Churko - electric guitar, acoustic guitar, mandolin, bass guitar, keys, drums, production, engineering, mixing, mastering
Khloe Churko - studio assistance
Jody Domingue - photography
Alex Donaldson - electric guitar
Joel Ferguson - steel guitar, slide guitar
Bob Funk - electric guitar, acoustic guitar, mandolin, banjo
Tristin Hardin - editing
Lzzy Hale - featured vocals on "Out in the Rain"
Shane Hendrickson - bass guitar
Cory Marks - lead vocals, acoustic guitar, drums
Mick Mars - electric guitar on "Outlaws & Outsiders"
Shawn McGhee - editing
Ivan Moody - featured vocals on "Outlaws & Outsiders"
Marc Muller - electric guitar, steel guitar, slide guitar
Ed Regan - photography
Travis Tritt - featured vocals on "Outlaws & Outsiders"
Justin Schipper - steel guitar, slide guitar
Adam Wakeman - organ
John Wellman - artwork
Charts
Album
Singles
Awards and nominations
Release history
References
2020 albums
Cory Marks albums
Country rock albums
Alessandro Ardente (died 1595) was an Italian painter during the late-Renaissance period. They were born in Faenza and active in Turin, Lombardy, and Lucca where they were well known as a portrait style. They painted a Conversion of St. Paul for the church of Monte della Pieta in Turin. They painted a Baptism of Christ for the church of San Giovanni and a St. Anthony Abbot (1565) for the church of San Paolino in Lucca .
References
1595 deaths
People from Faenza
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Painters from Piedmont
Italian Mannerist painters
Year of birth unknown
Carlton Chase (February 20, 1794 – January 18, 1870) was the first Bishop of the Diocese of New Hampshire in the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.
Early life
Chase was born in Hopkinton, New Hampshire, the son of Captain Charles Chase and Sarah (Currier) Chase. They graduated from Dartmouth College in 1817. They were ordained deacon in 1818 and ordained priest in 1820 by Alexander Viets Griswold. After their ordination, Chase moved to Bellows Falls, Vermont and became the rector of Immanuel Church. Not long after arriving in Bellows Falls, Chase married an inhabitant of that town, Harriet Cutler. They would go on to have eight children. They remained at Immanuel until their consecration as bishop in 1844, receiving a doctor of divinity during their time there from the University of Vermont.
Bishop of New Hampshire
They were consecrated along with Nicholas Hamner Cobbs and Cicero S. Hawks in Philadelphia on October 20, 1844. After their elevation to the episcopate, they moved to Claremont, New Hampshire, where they also served as rector of Trinity Church. Chase made pastoral visitations to the Episcopal Diocese of New York in 1850, 1851, and 1852 in the midst of difficulties related to the trial and suspension of Bishop Benjamin Treadwell Onderdonk. They died January 18, 1870, and was buried in Claremont.
Notes
References
External links
Documents by Chase from Project Canterbury
A Memorial of the Right Reverend Carlton Chase, D.D., First Bishop of New-Hampshire, 1844 to 1870, with a Biographical Sketch
1794 births
1870 deaths
Episcopal bishops of New Hampshire
People from Hopkinton, New Hampshire
19th-century American Episcopalians
19th-century American clergy
Mârzănești is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Cernetu, Mârzănești, Teleormanu and Valea Părului.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
This is the complete list of Olympic medalists in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Current program
Bantamweight
58 kg: 1924–1928
56 kg: 1932–1936
57 kg: 1948–1996
58 kg: 2000
55 kg: 2004–2012
59 kg: 2016
60 kg: 2020–present
Lightweight
66.6 kg: 1908
67.5 kg: 1912–1928
66 kg: 1932–1936
67 kg: 1948–1960
70 kg: 1964–1968
68 kg: 1972–1996
69 kg: 2000
66 kg: 2004–2016
67 kg: 2020–present
Welterweight
72 kg: 1932–1936
73 kg: 1948–1960
78 kg: 1964–1968
74 kg: 1972–1996
76 kg: 2000
74 kg: 2004–2012
75 kg: 2016
77 kg: 2020–present
Middleweight
73 kg: 1908
75 kg: 1912–1928
79 kg: 1932–1960
87 kg: 1964–1968
82 kg: 1972–1996
85 kg: 2000
84 kg: 2004–2012
85 kg: 2016
87 kg: 2020–present
Heavyweight
+82.5 kg: 1912–1928
+87 kg: 1932–1960
+97 kg: 1964–1968
100 kg: 1972–1996
97 kg: 2000
96 kg: 2004–2012
98 kg: 2016
97 kg: 2020–present
Super heavyweight
+93 kg: 1908
+100 kg: 1972–1984
130 kg: 1988–2000
120 kg: 2004–2012
130 kg: 2016–present
Discontinued events
Light flyweight
48 kg: 1972–1996
Flyweight
52 kg: 1948–1996
54 kg: 2000
Featherweight
60 kg: 1912–1920
62 kg: 1924–1928
61 kg: 1932–1960
63 kg: 1964–1968
62 kg: 1972–1996
63 kg: 2000
60 kg: 2004–2012
Light heavyweight
93 kg: 1908
82.5 kg: 1912–1928
87 kg: 1932–1960
97 kg: 1964–1968
90 kg: 1972–1996
Openweight
See also
Wrestling at the 1906 Intercalated Games — these Intercalated Games are no longer regarded as official Games by the International Olympic Committee
List of World and Olympic Champions in Greco-Roman wrestling
References
International Olympic Committee results database
Wrestling Greco-Roman
medalists
Olympic Greco-Roman
Greco-Roman wrestling
tr:Olimpiyat Oyunları'nda madalya dağılımı/Güreş
Kato Drys () is a small village in Cyprus, southwest of Larnaca. It is near the villages of Pano Lefkara (4 km), Kato Lefkara (4 km), and Vavla (6 km).
Its average altitude is 520 meters above sea level. The village is set in hilly terrain with narrow, deep valleys, through which flows the Agios Minas river.
Kato Drys is pictured on the Cyprus one pound note.
A significant figure from the village is Saint Neophytos, born in Kato Drys in 1134. The house in which they were born still stands today. Sir Reo Stakis (1913–2001) was also born in the village.
There is a small church dedicated to the saint located on a hill near the village.
References
External links
Kato Drys Community Council website
Communities in Larnaca District
Diane Leblanc (born 9 December 1954) is a publicist and politician in Quebec. They served as a member of the National Assembly of Quebec for the Quebec Liberal Party, representing Beauce-Sud from 1997 to 2007.
Life and career
Leblanc was born in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu. They graduated from College of Saint - Laurent in 1975. They then studied management at Laval University and human resource management at University of Quebec at Trois-Rivières.
They served as a press and PR liaison for several politicians in Beauce-Sud before running for office. They won in the 1998 Quebec general election and the 2003 Quebec general election. From 2003 to 2007 they served as second Vice-President of the National Assembly of Quebec. They lost to Action démocratique du Québec candidate Claude Morin in the 2007 Quebec general election.
In 2007, Leblanc opened a consulting firm in public and government relations. In 2008, they did work for the National Democratic Institute in Morocco. In 2010, they were appointed as Vice-President of the Quebec Labour Standards Commission.
References
External links
Diane Leblanc via National Assembly of Quebec
Beauce-Sud MP website
1954 births
Living people
Women MNAs in Quebec
Quebec Liberal Party MNAs
People from Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu
Vice Presidents of the National Assembly of Quebec
21st-century Canadian politicians
21st-century Canadian women politicians
20th-century Canadian politicians
20th-century Canadian women politicians
Witnesham is a village situated roughly to the north of Ipswich, Suffolk. The main road from Ipswich that links the village to the town is the B1077, Westerfield Road.
History
It is in the Domesday Book as 'Wytenesham' (Witta's/Witten's meadow or enclosure) and had 10 villagers. It was a part of Carlford, one of the old Hundreds of Suffolk.
Witnesham Hall (OS grid TM1750) was built in the 16th century, and is further west past St Mary's church on Church Lane.
A murder was committed in 1896 in Rose Cottage [specific location unknown] where mentally unwell man George Smith murdered their elderly mother.
Present day
In 2009 the estimated population of Witnesham was 810, decreasing to 792 at the 2011 census. The village amenities include a 1766 inn, The Barley Mow, on Mow Hill (OS grid TM 185 503) south of Witnesham and a small primary school. The village Post Office was at the bottom of the village, nearest to Ipswich, but it has closed. Postal services are continued at the Baptist Church on a two-day basis.
The village has two churches, the Baptist at the top of the village, north on Upper Road. The larger church, St Mary's OS grid TM1850, located west out of Witnesham along the Church Lane (no through lane), near the source of the River Fynn.
There are several farms in the area, such as White House Farm along Wash Lane to the east and Redhouse Farm to the South-east.
Westerfield railway station, situated around is served by Abellio Greater Anglia rail services to London Liverpool Street, Lowestoft, Ipswich and Felixstowe.
Local businesses include Fynn Valley Golf Club, a mile south, which has both 9 and 18 hole parkland golf courses, golf driving range, golf shops and restaurant, bar and conference/function rooms.
Governance
An electoral ward of the same name exists. This stretches to Playford with a total population of 1,965 as taken at the 2011 Census.
Notable residents
William King, pioneer of the co-operative movement
Samuel Turner, recipient of the Victoria Cross
Spencer John Bent, recipient of the Victoria Cross, lived with their mother's brother and wife at Verandah Cottage between the ages of 7 and 14 following the death of their father who was killed during the Boer War
Carl Giles, who created the well-known "Giles" cartoons for the Daily Express.
References
External links
witnesham.org
Villages in Suffolk
Civil parishes in Suffolk
Nafar Kheyl () is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 527, in 139 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Haukr or Hauk Erlendsson (died 1334; Modern ) was lawspeaker (lawman) of Iceland, later lawspeaker and knight of Norway, known for having compiled a number of Icelandic sagas and other materials mostly in their own hand, bound in a book called the Hauksbók after him.
Life
Hauk was born the son of aka Erlend digre "the fat," who died 1312. The year of Haukr's birth is not known, but their mother's name was Jorunn (), whose ancestry is traceable to a brother of King Halfr of Hordaland, hero of Hálfs saga ok Hálfsrekka.
Hauk may have been an illegitimate offspring, although the question of whether their mother was Erlend's "first wife or mistress" is an open speculation. At any rate it is clear Hauk had a stepmother at some point, since Jarngerd () is called Erlend's wife in the Landnamabók and this Jarngerd was beyond doubt the wife who survived Erlend's death in 1312. Hauk also had a half-sister named Valgerd, born to Jarngerd.
Hauk married Steinunn, a descendant of Hrafn Sveinbjornsson.
Hauk's father Erlend became lawspeaker (lögmaðr) of Iceland in 1287, went overseas in 1289, retired as lawspeaker and was awarded the Westfjords in 1290 or 1292 according to some sources. Somewhere along, though not in their early years, Hauk was educated abroad in Norway, where "he owes their whole education".
Like their father before him, Hauk became lawspeaker of Iceland no later than 1294, serving the post until 1299. Around 1301 they arrived in Norway, and served from 1303 to 1322 as lawspeaker () in Oslo and on the Gula Thing. Sometime after 1303, they are mentioned as being on the king's council. They were also one of the men who ruled to recognize Magnus IV of Sweden as king over Norway.
During this period, lawmen may or may not be conferred the title of herra (at least those in Iceland), at any rate, Hauk serving in Norway is addressed as "herra" in a 1309 letter, and in a letter dating from 1311, they are called "the lawspeaker of the Gula Thing and knight."
Works
The Hauksbók is a compilation that includes Icelandic sagas and a redaction of the Landnámabók, as well as an arithmetical treatise called the Algorismus. Among the sagas included is a version of Eiríks saga rauða, which includes the accounts of the exploration and the attempted colonization in the American continent by Thorfinn Karlsefni, whom Hauk counts as one of their ancestors. They also penned "Hauk's Annals," which chronicled the events of their lifetime.
Family tree
The following stemma is drawn from the genealogy appended to the last chapter of Eiríks saga rauða in Hauk's own recension (in the Hauksbók, supplemented with additional information from the Landnámabók).
{{Tree chart | |GRANDPA|y|VALGERD|GRANDPA=Olaf(?){{Refn|Erlend's patronymic given as "Erlendr Ólafsson sterki" in the Index to Diplomatarium islandicum, Vol. II, p. 951}}|VALGERD=Valgerd Flosadottir
|boxstyle_GRANDPA=border:none
}}
Footnotes
Explanatory notes
Citations
References
Landnámabók
, edition cited by Munch.
, Part III, Ch. X
Documentary sources
copy
Studies
Repr. in Munch, Samlede Afhandlinger'' I, 299-333
1334 deaths
Lawspeakers
13th-century births
14th-century Icelandic people
14th-century Norwegian writers
Year of birth unknown
Date of death unknown
Medieval Icelandic writers
Shirt Tales are characters that were created in 1980 by greeting card designer Janet Elizabeth Manco and were featured on Hallmark Cards greeting cards. The characters were adapted into a 1982-1985 animated series for television, by Hanna-Barbera Productions, which aired on NBC.
Cards
Hallmark Cards released the homonymous line of greeting cards with animal characters wearing T-shirts upon which was a message. Those cards were among Hallmark's best sellers at that time, which led the company to team with Hanna-Barbera Productions to adapt the Shirt Tales into a Saturday morning cartoon, which premiered on NBC on September 18, 1982. The card line remained, but it faded shortly after the show left broadcast television in 1985.
TV series
The animated Shirt Tales cartoon featured Tyg Tiger (in orange), Pammy Panda (in pink), Digger Mole (in light blue), Rick Raccoon (in red), and Bogey Orangutan (in green) (so-called because they spoke using a Humphrey Bogart-style voice). They lived in Oak Tree Park and wore shirts that flashed various brightly lit messages reflecting the characters' thoughts. They spent their time teasing the park custodian, Mr. Dinkel, and battling crime in and out of their hometown of Mid City. They zipped around the world in a vehicle known as the STSST (Shirt Tales' SuperSonic Transport) which could operate as a car, jet, boat, submarine, and other forms of transportation. Though most law enforcement agencies like the unnamed Commissioner knew of the Shirt Tales as crime fighters by reputation, few people seemed aware that they were talking animals—including Mr. Dinkel, whom the group often had to trick to keep their secret safe.
Each episode was divided into two 11–minute segments. After the success of the thirteen episodes in Season 1, ten episodes were created for Season 2. However, the show was semi-rebooted and Kip Kangaroo (in light yellow) was added to the cast of characters without context for them joining the Shirt Tales. There is also a difference in leadership among the Shirt Tales, in which for the first season Rick appeared to be the de facto leader, but in the second season is instead Tyg. Several stories in Season 2 either omit Rick altogether or give them a minor role in the story. The second season also added some superhero elements to the dynamic of the group as well, most notably the color of all their T-shirts changing to a bright red color when "Shirt Tale Time" is called for.
Buck Beaver (in whitish-blue) helped the Shirt Tales use a tree as a bridge in "The Big Foot Incident" and helped them build an ark in "Dinkel's Ark". In "Moving Time", four cousins from out west were introduced for this episode only: Prairie Dog Pete (in red, with a black vest), Filmore Coyote (in light green), Violette Skunk (in yellow) and Hoozit Owl (in lavender). In "Back to Nature", Cubby Bear (in red) helped the Shirt Tales when a wild bear had Mr. Dinkel chased up a tree.
Following the initial run on NBC, Shirt Tales aired on CBS during the 1984–1985 Saturday morning season, replacing The Biskitts in their time slot. CBS aired selected episodes from its two-season NBC run until March 23, 1985, when The Biskitts were returned to the time slot for the rest of the 1984–1985 season.
On March 23, 1985, Shirt Tales was pulled from broadcast television for good, and the Hallmark franchise faded not long after as well. The show continued for a number of years as part of the USA Network's Cartoon Express block and on Cartoon Network, but also continues to be broadcast in selected countries around the world on various networks, including Boomerang.
Voice cast
Main
Nancy Cartwright – Kip Kangaroo (Season 2 only)
Robert Allen Ogle – Digger Mole
Patricia Parris – Pammy Panda
Steve Schatzberg – Tyg Tiger, Rick Raccoon (Episode 4 only)
Ronnie Schell – Rick Raccoon
Fred Travalena – Bogey Orangutan
Herb Vigran – Mr. Dinkel
William Woodson – Commissioner (Season 1 only)
Additional Voices
Richard Balin (Season 1)
Joe Besser (Season 1) – Elmo the Elephant (in "Elephant on the Loose")
Joey Camen (Season 2)
Victoria Carroll (Season 2)
Brian Cummings
Walker Edmiston (Season 1)
Marshall Efron (Season 1)
Bernard Erhard (Season 2)
Ernest Harada (Season 2)
Bob Holt (Season 2)
Buster Jones (Season 2)
Stanley Jones (Season 1)
Sherry Lynn (Season 1)
Tress MacNeille (Season 1)
Kenneth Mars (Season 1)
Joseph Medalis (Season 1)
Howard Morris (Season 2) – Shutter McBugg (in "Double Exposure")
Henry Polic II (Season 1)
Tony Pope
Robert Ridgely (Season 1)
Michael Rye (Season 1)
Marilyn Schreffler
Rick Segall (Season 1)
Michael Sheehan (Season 1)
Hal Smith
John Stephenson (Season 1) – Game Master (in "The Game Masters"), Museum Tour Guide (in "The Humboldt Ghost"), The Humboldt Ghost (in "The Humboldt Ghost"), Ebenezer Creepling (in "The Humboldt Ghost")
Andre Stojka (Season 1)
Jimmy Weldon (Season 2)
Frank Welker (Season 1) – Figby the Cat (in "Figby, the Spoiled Brat Cat")
Ted Zeigler (Season 1)
Episodes
Season 1 (1982–83)
Season 2 (1983–84)
Other media
There were also two musical book-and-record sets released by K-tel International under the "Castle Rock" imprint: A Song Saves the Park, and Sunrise Surprise. However, both sets use sound-alikes for the voices, and are presented differently from typical read-alongs.
Home media
In 1986, a VHS release of the series was issued by Worldvision Home Video and Kids Klassics, it contained the first full-length episode from Season 2 and the first segment of another episode from that season.
On September 16, 2014, Warner Archive released Shirt Tales: The Complete Series on DVD in Region 1 as part of their Hanna–Barbera Classics Collection.
References
External links
1982 American television series debuts
1984 American television series endings
1980s American animated television series
English-language television shows
NBC original programming
Television series by Hanna-Barbera
Animated television series about apes
Television series about kangaroos and wallabies
Television series about pandas
Television series about raccoons
Television series about tigers
CBS original programming
Hallmark Cards
American children's animated adventure television series
American children's animated fantasy television series
Napothera is a genus of birds in the family Pellorneidae. Some of its species were formerly placed in the genera Rimator and Jabouilleia.
The genus contains the following species:
Eyebrowed wren-babbler (Napothera epilepidota)
Long-billed wren-babbler (Napothera malacoptila, formerly Rimator malacoptilus)
Sumatran wren-babbler (Napothera albostriata, formerly Rimator albostriatus)
White-throated wren-babbler (Napothera pasquieri, formerly Rimator pasquieri)
Short-tailed scimitar babbler, (Napothera danjoui, formerly Rimator danjoui or Jabouilleia danjoui)
Naung Mung scimitar babbler, (Napothera naungmungensis, formerly Rimator naungmungensis or Jabouilleia naungmungensis)
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Bird genera
Taxa named by George Robert Gray
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Pinta is an open-source, cross-platform bitmap image drawing and editing program inspired by Paint.NET, a similar image editing program which is limited to Microsoft Windows. Pinta has more features than Microsoft Paint. Compared with open-source image editor GIMP, Pinta is simpler and has fewer features.
Features
Pinta is a bitmap image editor with many features typical of image editing software including drawing tools, image filters and colour adjustment tools. The focus on usability is reflected in several of the main features of the program:
Unlimited undo history.
Multiple language support.
Flexible toolbar arrangement, including floating as windows or docking around the image edge.
Unlike some simple image editing software, Pinta also features support for image layers.
History and development
Development of Pinta began in February 2010 and was driven by Jonathan Pobst, then working at Novell. In September 2011 Pobst announced that they were no longer interested in developing Pinta. A new group of developers continued the project.
Pinta is written in C# and uses the GTK+ toolkit and the cairo library. The code adjustment and effect filters, originally came from Paint.NET but otherwise the project is original code.
See also
Comparison of raster graphics editors
KolourPaint
Krita
MyPaint
References
External links
2010 software
Cross-platform free software
Free graphics software
Free raster graphics editors
Free software programmed in C Sharp
GNOME Applications
Graphics software that uses GTK
Raster graphics editors for Linux
Raster graphics editors
Software that uses Mono (software)
Software using the MIT license
Shan Honghong (born September 1959) is a professor and the Secretary of the Party Committee of China University of Petroleum (Beijing).
Born and raised in Zhengzhou, Henan. Shan graduated from Huadong Petroleum Institute (renamed the University of Petroleum in 1988 and China University of Petroleum (East China)) in 1982.
Working experience
January 1982-August 1984, Associate Lecturer, Huadong Petroleum Institute
September 1984-July 1987, Master in Petroleum Refining Engineering, Huadong Petroleum Institute
August 1987 – 1991, Lecturer, Huadong Petroleum Institute
1991-1996, Vice Professor, University of Petroleum
1997-March 2000, Professor, University of Petroleum
April 2000-January 2004, Dean of Department of Chemical Engineering, University of Petroleum
February 2004-June 2005, Vice president, University of Petroleum
July 2005-December 2016, President, China University of Petroleum (East China)
January 2017 – Present, Secretary of the Party Committee , China University of Petroleum (Beijing)
References
Living people
1959 births
People from Zhengzhou
Ramón Pez Ferro (born April 3, 1934) is a retired Cuban ambassador.
Career
On July 26, 1953, under the command of :es:Abel Santamaría they took part in the occupation of the Hospital civil Saturnino Lora.
From to they were the first Ambassador in Kingston (Jamaica).
From to they were Ambassador in Ankara (Turkey).
On they were Chairman of the International Commission of the National Assembly of People's Power and visited Turkey.
External links
1934 births
Living people
Ambassadors of Cuba to Jamaica
Ambassadors of Cuba to Turkey
University of Havana alumni
People from Artemisa Province
Chang Mian (, also Romanized as Chang Mīān; also known as Chang Mīān-e Pā'īn) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 443, in 111 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
John Martin may refer to:
Business
John Martin (business person) (1820–1905), American lumberman and flour miller
John Charles Martin (fl. 1913–1931), American newspaper publisher
John Martin (publisher) (born 1930), American founder of Black Sparrow Press
John C. Martin (business person) (1951–2021), CEO of biotechnology company Gilead Sciences
Entertainment
John Martin (actor) (born 1951), American actor
John Martin (painter) (1789–1854), English painter
John Blennerhassett Martin (1797–1857), American painter, engraver, and lithographer
John Martin (bibliographer) (1791–1855), English bookseller, librarian, and writer
John Martin (dance critic) (1893–1985), at The New York Times
John Scott Martin (1926–2009), English actor
John Martin (Canadian broadcaster) (1947–2006)
John Martin (comedian) (born 1962), British
John Martin (singer) (born 1980), Swedish
John Martin, AKA ‘The Big Figure' (born 1946), English drummer and member of Dr. Feelgood (1971-1982)
John Martin, American film actor, in Browned Off (1944) and Mesa of Lost Women (1951)
John Martin, Norwegian musician, husband and manager of pianist Natalia Strelchenko
Law
John Martin (judge) (1784–1840), American judge of the Cherokee Tribal Court
John C. Martin (judge) (born 1943), North Carolina state court judge
John Donelson Martin Sr. (1883–1962), U.S. federal judge
John E. Martin (1891–1968), Wisconsin state court judge
John S. Martin Jr. (born 1935), U.S. federal judge
Military
John Donelson Martin (1830–1862), Confederate States Army officer during the American Civil War
John Martin (Royal Navy officer) (1918–2011), British admiral
John Martin (New Zealand admiral), Chief of the Royal New Zealand Navy
John L. Martin Jr. (1920–2009) US Air Force general
Politics
United Kingdom
John Martin (Leicester MP), British Member of Parliament for Leicester
John Martin, Bailiff of Guernsey, 1499–1510
John Martin (MP for Berwick-upon-Tweed), British Member of Parliament for Berwick-upon-Tweed, 1529
John Martin (died 1545), British Member of Parliament for Plympton Erle, 1529
John Martin (died c. 1592), British Member of Parliament for Plympton Erle, 1554
John Martin (1692–1767), British Member of Parliament for Tewkesbury, 1741–1747
John Martin (1724–1794), British Member of Parliament for Tewkesbury, 1754–1761
John Martin (1774–1832), British Member of Parliament for Tewkesbury, 1812–1832
John Martin (1805–1880), British banker and Member of Parliament for Tewkesbury, 1832–1835
John Martin (Young Irelander) (1812–1875), Young Irelander and Member of Parliament for Meath, 1871–1875
John Martin (Irish politician), Irish Member of Parliament for the Irish constituency of Sligo Borough, 1832–1837
John Hanbury Martin (1890–1983), British Member of Parliament for Southwark Central, 1940–1948
John Martin (civil servant) (1904–1991), Winston Churchill's private secretary
United States
John Martin (Governor of Georgia) (died 1786)
John Martin (Governor of Kansas) (1839–1889)
John Martin (Kansas) (1833–1913), U.S. Senator from Kansas
John Andrew Martin (1868–1939), U.S. Representative from Colorado
John C. Martin (politician) (1880–1952), U.S. Representative from Illinois
John F. Martin Jr., American Ambassador to Costa Rica (1920–1921)
John L. Martin (born 1941), American politician from Maine
John Marshall Martin (1832–1921), Confederate politician
John Mason Martin (1837–1898), U.S. Representative from Alabama
John Preston Martin (1811–1862), U.S. Representative from Kentucky
John W. Martin (1884–1958), governor of Florida
Other countries
John Wills Martin (c. 1790–after 1843), English-born merchant and political figure in Newfoundland
John Martin (New Zealand politician) (1822–1892), member of the New Zealand Legislative Council
John S. Martin (politician) (1855–1946), politician in Prince Edward Island, Canada
John Strickler Martin (1875–1931), farmer and politician in Ontario, Canada
John Martin (Australian politician) (1890–1964), New South Wales politician
John Martin (British Columbia politician), MLA of a provincial legislature since 2013
Sports
Baseball
John Martin (baseball) (born 1956), American baseball pitcher
J. D. Martin (John Dale Martin, born 1983), Major League Baseball pitcher
Pepper Martin (Johnny 1904–1965), American baseball player
John Martin cricketer for India
Cricket
John Martin (cricketer, born 1867) (1867–1942), played for MCC and Devon
John Martin (cricketer, born 1941), played for Oxford University, Somerset, Oxfordshire, and Devon
John Martin (cricketer, born 1942), played for New South Wales
Johnny Martin (cricketer) (John Wesley 1931–1992), Australian cricketer
Football
John Martin (American football) (1895–?), American football player and coach
Johnny Martin (American football) (1916–1968), American football player
Alan Martin (footballer, born 1923) (John Alan 1923–2004), English footballer
Johnny Martin (footballer) (1946–2013), English former footballer
John Martin (goalkeeper) (born 1958), Scottish goalkeeper for Airdrieonians
John Martin (Irish footballer) (born 1979), midfielder
John Martin (English footballer) (born 1981)
John Martin (footballer, born 1985) (born 1985), Scottish footballer
John Martin (referee) (fl. 1978–1988), English association football referee
Other sports
John Martin (American racing driver) (1939–2019), Indy 500 driver
John Martin (Australian racing driver) (born 1984), Superleague Formula and British F3
John Martin (figure skater), 1989–1994
John Martin (Paralympian) (born 1943), Australian
John Martin (sport shooter) (1868–1951)
John A Martin (born 1948), English rugby league player
John David Martin (born 1939), American track and field athlete
Other
John Martin (Jamestown) (c. 1560–1632), settler and member of Council
John Martin (meteorologist) (1789–1869), English physician and meteorologist
John Martin (minister) (1741–1820), English Particular Baptist minister
John Martin (priest) (1797–1878), Anglican priest in Ireland
John Martin (principal) (1814–1876), educator in Adelaide, South Australia
John Martin (oceanographer) (1935–1993), American scientist
John Bartlow Martin (1915–1987), American author and ambassador
John F. Martin, Deputy Supreme Knight of the Knights of Columbus, 1927–1933
John Jeffries Martin, American academic and author
John Joseph Martin (1922–1997), NASA engineer and administrator
John Levi Martin (born 1964), American sociologist
John William Martin (1860–1956), British Fabian and academic in the United States
John Martin, American member of the Committee of Fifty
John Martin, captain of Bartholomew Gosnold's ship when they found Martha's Vineyard
John Martin & Co., known as "John Martin's" or "Johnnies" (1866–1998), department store in Adelaide, South Australia
John Martin Brewery, Belgian brewery founded in 1909
John Martin Scripps, a British-Singaporean killer, later executed
See also
J. Thomas Marten (born 1951), United States federal judge
Jack Martin (disambiguation)
John B. Martin (disambiguation)
John D. Martin (disambiguation)
John Martyn (disambiguation)
Jonathan Martin (disambiguation)
Martin, John
Violet Madeleine Cobb (née Weston, born 3 July 1940) is a British sprinter. They competed in the women's 100 metres at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
They also represented England and won a gold medal in the 4 x 110 Yard Relay and a bronze medal in the 100 yards at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Cardiff, Wales. Twelve years later (aged 30) they represented England again and won a silver medal in the 4 x 100 metres relay, at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh, Scotland.
References
1940 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
British female sprinters
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Athletes (track and field) at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for England
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Sportspeople from London
Olympic female sprinters
Ballymagan railway station served Ballymagan in County Donegal, Ireland.
The station opened on 1 July 1901 on the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway line from Londonderry Graving Dock to Carndonagh.
It closed for passengers on 2 December 1935.
References
Disused railway stations in County Donegal
Railway stations opened in 1901
Railway stations closed in 1935
1901 establishments in Ireland
1935 disestablishments in Ireland
Bruno Zach (6 May 1891 – 20 February 1935) was an Austrian art deco sculptor of Ukrainian birth who worked in the early-to-mid 20th century. Their output included a wide repertoire of genre subjects, however they are best known for their erotic sculptures of young women.
Early life
Bruno Zach was born in Zhytomyr, Ukraine, on 6 May 1891. They emigrated to Austria as a young man and studied at the Vienna Academy under sculptors Hans Bitterlich (1860–1949) and Josef Müllner (1879–1968). Their styles ranged from art deco, art nouveau, sporting, to orientalism. Their oeuvre would generally be considered decorative if not for their success in producing erotic sculpture.
Career
Zach became a prolific creator of sculptures featuring tall, athletic, dominating women in bronze and ivory, the combination of the two in art casting sometimes being referred to as “chryselephantine”. They most often signed as "B. Zach" or "Bruno Zach", however a number of their pieces were signed with their pseudonyms, being "Prof. Tuch", "Professor Tuch" or "K. Salat". Their erotica sculptures usually featured sexy, dreamy, scantily clad mistresses in stockings, garters, and high heels.
One of their better known sculptures is the sado-masochistic The Riding Crop. Original period castings of this sculpture have sold for as much as $151,849, one such sale having taken place at the Bonhams auction house in Knightsbridge on 23 November 2011. According to Bonhams' director of decorative arts, Mark Oliver, "the demand for their work just grows and grows".
One of Zach's more controversial sculptures, created circa 1930, was their extremely erotic piece entitled The Hugger. The sculpture depicts a woman hugging a larger-than-life penis. Zach frequently portrayed the seedy side of nightlife in Berlin with many of their sculptures which often featured prostitutes.
Their bronze sculptures were generally fired and coated with chemical patinas in mid-brown colors but were sometimes cold painted or polychromed. Their used ivory, sparingly, and it was generally well carved. Zach's work was edited by several firms, including Argentor-Werke (Vienna), Broma Companie, S. Altmann and Company, and Franz Bergmann.
Death
Zach died in Vienna, Austria, on 20 February 1935.
References
Literature
Davenport's Art Reference & Price Guide, 2007/2008 Edition – .
Romeo and Juliet in Zhytomyr words, 2016 -
Житомирська сторінка кохання скульптора Бруно Зака -
Notes
Austrian sculptors
Austrian male sculptors
Art Deco sculptors
1891 births
1935 deaths
Artists from Zhytomyr
People from Volhynian Governorate
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to Austria-Hungary
20th-century sculptors
Fetish artists
Ukrainian male sculptors
Garrard College was located in Lancaster, Kentucky. It accepted female boarders and also taught males. It had a music program. It was eventually purchased by the commissioners for a grade school in 1895.
Female students attended Garrard Female College. Its buildings were later used by Lancaster High School.
Garrard College had a music program led by Raphael Koester. From 1885 until 1891 the school's music program gave a public performance at the county courthouse.
Charles Hoeing taught Latin and Greek at the college from 1890 until 1893.
J.C. Gordon was the school's president.
Alumni include Lewis L. Walker and Internal Revenue official Millard F. West.
James Nathan Elliott
References
1895 disestablishments in the United States
Lancaster, Kentucky
Defunct private universities and colleges in Kentucky
The Rural Municipality of Benson No. 35 (2016 population: ) is a rural municipality (RM) in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 1 and Division No. 1. It is located in the southeast portion of the province.
History
The RM of Benson No. 35 incorporated as a rural municipality on December 13, 1909.
Heritage properties
There is one historical property within the RM.
St. Luke's Lutheran Church - Constructed in 1929, in the hamlet of Woodley, Saskatchewan.
Geography
Communities and localities
The following unincorporated communities are within the RM.
Localities
Benson
Bryant
Cullen
Woodley
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the RM of Benson No. 35 had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the RM of Benson No. 35 recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Economy
Agriculture plays an important role in the rural municipality with 207,200 acres (95%) of land in under cultivation. There are also 300 oil wells in the municipality.
Government
The RM of Benson No. 35 is governed by an elected municipal council and an appointed administrator that meets on the first Friday of every month. The reeve of the RM is David Hoffort while its administrator is Chantel Walsh. The RM's office is located in Benson.
Transportation
The two airports within the rural municipality are the Estevan (Blue Sky) Aerodrome and Estevan/Bryant Airport.
References
B
Division No. 1, Saskatchewan
Darb-e Kahat () is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
ASG Vorwärts Cottbus was an East German football club from the city of Cottbus in Brandenburg. The club was established in 1955 through the wholesale transfer of players from Vorwärts Leipzig to the local airforce club known as Sport Club Vorwärts der Luftstreitkräfte Cottbus.
Following World War II Germany was occupied by the victorious Allies and a separate state – the German Democratic Republic (German: Deutsche Demokratische Republik, DDR; commonly in English, East Germany) – emerged in the Soviet-held eastern part of the country. The formation of an independent East German football competition soon followed. The name Vorwärts was used in East Germany by those clubs associated with the armed forces, paramilitary organizations, and police.
History
Now playing as Sportvereinigung Vorwärts Cottbus, the former airforce side was part of the Bezirksliga Cottbus (IV) and the arrival of the Leipzig players contributed to a title win there and promotion to the 2.DDR-Liga (III). The team was renamed Armee-Sportklub Vorwärts Cottbus in 1957. They spent five seasons in third-tier play before advancing to the DDR-Liga (II) through a promotion playoff following a divisional title win in 1959.
The Cottbus side missed promotion to first-division play when they finished second to Lok Stendal in 1963. In 1966, the club was degraded from a sports club to a sports community and again renamed, becoming Armee­sportgemein­schaft Vorwärts Cottbus. They became a DDR-Liga fixture spending 14 seasons in second-tier play until slipping to the Bezirksliga after a 10th-place finish in 1974.
Cottbus made its first appearance in play for the FDGB-Pokal (East German Cup) in 1962 and appeared in each subsequent cup tournament until 1974. However, the team was never able to make its way out of the early rounds.
In 1975 the club was transferred to Kamenz, Saxony near Dresden where they would play for the next ten seasons as Armee-Sportgemeinschaft Vorwärts Kamenz until folding in 1985.
Honours
Bezirksliga Cottbus champions: 1955
2.DDR-Liga divisional champions: 1959
References
Football clubs in Germany
Defunct football clubs in Germany
Defunct football clubs in Brandenburg
Football clubs in East Germany
Association football clubs established in 1955
Association football clubs disestablished in 1974
ASG Vorwärts
1955 establishments in East Germany
1974 disestablishments in Germany
Military association football clubs in Germany
The grey sunbird or mouse-coloured sunbird (Cyanomitra verreauxii) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae.
It is found in Eswatini, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Somalia, South Africa, and Tanzania.
References
External links
Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
grey sunbird
Birds of East Africa
Birds of Southern Africa
grey sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Villalonga Fútbol Club is a football team based in Vilalonga in the autonomous community of Galicia. Founded in 1947, the team plays in the Preferente Autonómica de Galicia. The club's home ground is San Pedro, which has a capacity of 2,000 spectators.
Season to season
21 seasons in Tercera División
Notable players
Ruben Cerqueiras
David Bistilleiro
Ivan Parada
José Núñez
Adrián Santos
Ivan Renda
Santi Padin
Javier Pazos
Adrián Padin
Jose Filgueira
Manuel Ramilo
Manu
Aarón Paredes
Aarón Trelles
External links
Futbolme team profile
Football clubs in Galicia (Spain)
Association football clubs established in 1947
1947 establishments in Spain
Cass Township, Ohio, may refer to:
Cass Township, Hancock County, Ohio
Cass Township, Muskingum County, Ohio
Cass Township, Richland County, Ohio
Ohio township disambiguation pages
María Teresa Rodríguez-Rubio Vázquez (; born 18 September 1981) is a Spanish politician. Active in the United Left in their youth, they then set up their own platform, Anticapitalistas. They were a Member of the European Parliament representing Podemos from 2014 to 2015, and was the party's presidential candidate for the 2015 and 2018 Andalusian parliamentary elections. They left Podemos in 2020 and founded Adelante Andalucía (2021).
Biography
Early life and United Left
Rodríguez was born in Rota, Andalusia to parents who ran a perfumery. They studied Arab Philology at the University of Seville, where they took part in their first political activism against the American Naval Station Rota in their hometown, and against the People's Party (PP) reform of universities.
Rodríguez was active in the United Left (IU) from an early age, featuring on the United Left/The Greens (IULV) list for the 2000 Andalusian regional election when they were 18. As part of a current named "Espacio Alternativo", they formed part of the IU's federal executive from 2003 to 2008.
Podemos
Having left IU, Rodríguez launched Anticapitalistas in 2008, first under the name Izquierda Anticapitalista, running unsuccessfully in the 2009 European Parliament election in Spain and the 2011 Spanish general election. In the 2011 Spanish local elections they ran for mayor of Cádiz, taking 1.56% of the vote (915 votes).
Rodríguez joined Podemos, founded in early 2014. In the 2014 European Parliament election in Spain, they were second on their list, which had five members elected. It took over 1.2 million votes and was the fourth most voted party in Spain. They voted against a European Union condemnation of the situation in Ukraine in 2015 because "it continues to consider Russia solely responsible for the conflict, maintaining for the European Union a defiant position by insisting on sanctions against Russia, which so far have only caused a crisis in the agricultural sector with significant consequences for farmers".
In February 2015, Rodríguez received 80.6% of the votes to lead Podemos in the 2015 Andalusian regional election. The party entered the Parliament of Andalusia for the first time with 15 seats, and they subsequently received 84.92% of the votes to be Podemos's secretary general in the region.
Rodríguez led the Adelante Andalucía coalition in the 2018 Andalusian regional election, coming fourth with 17 seats, three fewer than its composite parties won in 2015.
Exit from Podemos
In February 2020 Rodríguez and their Anticapitalistas platform left Podemos via a video with party leader Pablo Iglesias. Them branch of Podemos was the only one that had opposed the entrance of the party into the Second government of Pedro Sánchez alongside the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE). The following year, they created a party also named Adelante Andalucía, prompting a legal challenge from Unidas Podemos which retained the name in the region. Them party took only two seats, including their own, in the 2022 Andalusian regional election. Inmaculada Nieto, leader of Unidas Podemos's new Por Andalucía coalition, blamed Rodríguez for dividing the left; the first Adelante Andalucía had taken 17 seats in 2018 while its two successors totalled seven in 2022.
In March 2022 they were amongst 151 international feminists signing Feminist Resistance Against War: A Manifesto, in solidarity with the Feminist Anti-War Resistance initiated by Russian feminists after the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Personal life
Rodríguez is the domestic partner of José María González Santos, the mayor of Cádiz known by the nickname "Kichi". The couple have two children.
References
1981 births
People from Rota, Andalusia
University of Seville alumni
Rodríguez, Teresa
Spanish Trotskyists
Fourth International (post-reunification)
United Left (Spain) politicians
Podemos (Spanish political party) politicians
MEPs 2014–2019
Podemos (Spanish political party) MEPs
21st-century Spanish women politicians
Members of the 10th Parliament of Andalusia
Members of the 11th Parliament of Andalusia
Magnolia is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama, United States.
Geography
Magnolia is located at and has an elevation of .
Notable person
Tommie Agee, former Major League Baseball player, who is known for two of their catches in Game 3 of the 1969 World Series.
Derek Westmoreland, Reliability Engineer, previous owner of Mask House
References
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Marengo County, Alabama
The 2000 PBA season was the 26th season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Board of governors
Executive committee
Emilio Bernardino, Jr. (Commissioner)
Wilfred Steven Uytengsu (Chairman, representing Alaska Milkmen)
Ignatius Yenko (Vice-Chairman, representing Mobiline Phone Pals)
Alberto Villa-Abrille, Jr. (Treasurer, representing San Miguel Beermen)
Teams
Notable occurrences
PBA's TV partner, Vintage Television was absorbed by Viva Entertainment.
Batang Red Bull Energizers entered the league as an expansion team.
Songwriter and composer Jim Paredes was commissioned by the league to compose the league's theme song, in celebration of its 25th anniversary. The song, entitled "To-do Bigay" was first performed by Regine Velasquez during the league's opening ceremonies.
The league celebrated their silver anniversary on April 9, 2000 with the awarding of the PBA's 25 greatest players.
The league forfeited Batang Red Bull's wins when 18-year-old Kerby Raymundo was found to have deficient academic credentials. They would later return to the team in 2001.
It was the year when a crackdown of alleged fake Fil-foreign cagers led to deportations of Asi Taulava and Sonny Alvarado. Eric Menk, Danny Seigle and Chris Jackson were among those suspended by the PBA.
The Bureau of Immigration and Deportation (BID) revoked the Filipino citizenship of Tanduay's Sonny Alvarado as it uncovered that the player used fraudulent papers; consequently, the BID ordered Alvarado's deportation.
Alvarado's deportation affected the season's All-Filipino Cup semifinal round after PBA commissioner Jun Bernardino forfeited two of Tanduay's semifinal wins (Games 2 and 3) against Purefoods, since Alvarado played in those games (he didn't play in the first game). With the forfeitures, the series would have resumed on Game 4 with Purefoods leading the series 2–1; however, Tanduay secured a temporary restraining order (TRO) that prevented the league from staging Game 4 of their series. This has been the first time a PBA game has been suspended via a court order.
Opening ceremonies
The muses for the participating teams are as follows:
2000 PBA All-Filipino Cup
Elimination round
Playoffs
Finals
|}
2000 PBA Commissioner's Cup
Elimination round
Playoffs
Finals
|}
2000 PBA Governors' Cup
Elimination round
Playoffs
Finals
|}
ABC-PBA All-Star Game
As celebration to the league's twenty-fifth anniversary, the league and the Asian Basketball Confederation (now FIBA Asia) held the ABC-PBA All-Star Game. Controversy ensued when ABC team member Rommel Adducul (who was also playing for the Manila Metrostars of the Metropolitan Basketball Association) had to be late due to their commitments with the Metrostars. Adducul earlier played against the Pasig-Rizal Pirates, a few kilometers away from the ABC-PBA All-Star venue.
Awards
Most Valuable Player: Danny Ildefonso (San Miguel)
Rookie of the Year: Davonn Harp (Red Bull)
Sportsmanship Award: Freddie Abuda (San Miguel)
Most Improved Player: Mark Telan (Shell)
Defensive Player of the Year: Freddie Abuda (San Miguel)
Mythical Five
Danny Ildefonso (San Miguel)
Danny Seigle (San Miguel)
Olsen Racela (San Miguel)
Alvin Patrimonio (Purefoods)
Kenneth Duremdes (Alaska)
Mythical Second Team
Dindo Pumaren (Purefoods)
Jeffrey Cariaso (Tanduay)
Bong Hawkins (Alaska)
Rudy Hatfield (Tanduay)
Marlou Aquino (Sta. Lucia)
All Defensive Team
Chris Jackson (Shell)
Freddie Abuda (San Miguel)
Rey Evangelista (Purefoods)
Jeffrey Cariaso (Tanduay)
Dindo Pumaren (Purefoods)
Awards given by the PBA Press Corps
Coach of the Year: Jong Uichico (San Miguel)
Mr. Quality Minutes: Boybits Victoria (San Miguel)
Executive of the Year: Buddy Encarnado (Sta. Lucia)
Comeback Player of the Year: Ato Agustin (Red Bull)
Referee of the Year: Ernie de Leon
Cumulative standings
References
External links
pba.inquirer.net
Sindarius Thornwell (born November 15, 1994) is an American professional basketball player for ratiopharm Ulm of the German Basketball Bundesliga. They played college basketball for the South Carolina Gamecocks. Thornwell was selected by the Milwaukee Bucks with the 48th overall pick in the 2017 NBA draft before they were traded to the Los Angeles Clippers.
High school career
Thornwell attended Lancaster High School in Lancaster, South Carolina for their first three years of high school. They then transferred to Oak Hill Academy for their senior year where they averaged 26.8 points per game and averaged 8.6 rebounds and 3.6 assists as well. They led them to a 33–5 record. They were ranked as the 39th-best player by ESPN.com and a four-star recruit by Rivals.com, who also ranked them as the 11th-best shooting guard in their class. They also competed in the 2012 Nike Global Challenge playing in four games.
|}
College career
After committing to South Carolina on October 2, 2012, Thornwell was second on the South Carolina basketball team in scoring with 13.4 ppg and 4.0 rebounds per game. They also averaged 3.0 assists per game. During conference play, they were averaging 15.0 ppg as well. On January 22, 2014, Thornwell had a career-high 26 points against the University of Georgia. As a result of their production that season, Thornwell was named a member of the All-SEC Freshman Team.
Their sophomore year in the 2014–15 season was not as productive as their first-year student season.
Their junior year, on the other hand, would provide relatively similar results to what they had in their first-year student year.
However, it would be their senior season where Thornwell would come into their own as a player, as Thornwell would average 21.4 points, 7.2 rebounds and 2.2 steals in 34.2 minutes of action per game. As a result of their production that season, they were not only a member of the All-SEC First Team, but they were also named the SEC Player of the Year thanks to votes from the coaches of the Southeastern Conference. Furthermore, Thornwell would be the main leader to help the No. 7 seeded South Carolina proceed all the way to the Final Four in the 2017 NCAA tournament, which was the highest results in South Carolina's history.
Professional career
Los Angeles Clippers (2017–2019)
On June 22, 2017, Thornwell was selected with the 48th pick in the 2017 NBA draft by the Milwaukee Bucks, but their draft rights were then traded to the Los Angeles Clippers. Thornwell signed with the Clippers on July 26.
Rio Grande Valley Vipers (2019–2020)
On August 4, 2019, Thornwell signed with the Cleveland Cavaliers and played in three preseason games before they were waived on October 16.
On October 26, 2019, the Canton Charge traded Thornwell to the Rio Grande Valley Vipers for a first-round G-League pick in 2020. Thornwell averaged 9.2 points, 5.2 rebounds and 4.6 assists per game on 42.9 percent shooting in the 2019–20 season.
New Orleans Pelicans (2020–2021)
On July 6, 2020, Thornwell was signed by the New Orleans Pelicans as a substitute player for the remainder of the 2019–20 season. On December 1, they re-signed with the Pelicans.
After waiving Thornwell on February 23, 2021, the Pelicans signed them to a 10-day contract the next day. On March 10, they were signed to a second 10-day contract.
Orlando Magic (2021)
On May 4, 2021, Thornwell signed a two-way contract with the Orlando Magic. They averaged 3.4 points, 1.9 rebounds, 2.4 assists and 1.1 steals per game in seven games played.
ratiopharm Ulm (2021–present)
On November 11, 2021, Thornwell signed with ratiopharm Ulm of the German Basketball Bundesliga.
Thorrnwell joined the Chicago Bulls for the 2022 NBA Summer League.
Career statistics
NBA
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|L.A. Clippers
| 73 || 17 || 15.8 || .429 || .377 || .670 || 1.9 || .9 || .7 || .3 || 3.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|L.A. Clippers
| 64 || 1 || 4.9 || .347 || .200 || .735 || .7 || .3 || .2 || .1 || 1.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|New Orleans
| 2 || 0 || 17.5 || .545 || .500 || .500 || 2.0 || 2.0 || .5 || .5 || 8.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;" rowspan="2"|
| style="text-align:left;"| New Orleans
| 14 || 1 || 5.2 || .333 || .333 || .000 || .4 || .3 || .4 || .1 || 1.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| Orlando
| 7 || 0 || 20.6 || .320 || .286 || .667 || 1.9 || 2.4 || 1.1 || .1 || 3.4
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 160 || 19 || 10.8 || .407 || .340 || .672 || 1.3 || .7 || .5 || .2 || 2.5
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2019
| style="text-align:left;"|L.A. Clippers
| 4 || 0 || 3.0 || .333 || .333 || || 1.0 || .0 || .3 || .0 || 1.3
|-class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 4 || 0 || 3.0 || .333 || .333 || || 1.0 || .0 || .3 || .0 || 1.3
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2013–14
| style="text-align:left;"|South Carolina
| 34 || 34 || 29.6 || .386 || .370 || .736 || 4.1 || 3.0 || 1.2 || .6 || 13.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2014–15
| style="text-align:left;"|South Carolina
| 33 || 33 || 30.6 || .340 || .268 || .716 || 4.9 || 2.2 || 1.3 || .3 || 11.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2015–16
| style="text-align:left;"|South Carolina
| 34 || 34 || 33.1 || .382 || .333 || .764 || 4.8 || 3.8 || 1.5 || .5 || 13.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2016–17
| style="text-align:left;"|South Carolina
| 31 || 31 || 33.9 || .444 || .392 || .830 || 7.1 || 2.8 || 2.1 || 1.0 || 21.4'''
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 132 || 132 || 31.8 || .392 || .339 || .771 || 5.2 || 3.0 || 1.5 || .6 || 14.7
References
External links
South Carolina Gamecocks bio
1994 births
Living people
21st-century African-American sportspeople
African-American basketball players
Agua Caliente Clippers players
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from South Carolina
Los Angeles Clippers players
Milwaukee Bucks draft picks
New Orleans Pelicans players
Orlando Magic players
People from Lancaster, South Carolina
Ratiopharm Ulm players
Point guards
Rio Grande Valley Vipers players
Shooting guards
South Carolina Gamecocks men's basketball players
21st-century African-American men
Rhuma argyraspis is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Oswald Bertram Lower in 1893. It is found in Australia, including Queensland.
The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adult are grey with a number of dark zigzag stripes across each wing.
The larvae feed on Eucalyptus species, including Eucalyptus odorata. All instars, except the first, are yellowish olive-green, shading to pinkish or reddish brown laterally and ventrally, and maturing with brown dorsal markings. The resting posture of the larvae is rigid, straight and stick like.
References
Pseudoterpnini
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1893
Tauzia station is located online of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Location
The station is located on Tauzia road in Bordeaux.
Junctions
There are no junctions with other lines or buses at this station.
Close by
INSEE
See also
TBC
Tramway de Bordeaux
Bordeaux tramway stops
Tram stops in Bordeaux
Railway stations in France opened in 2004
Half-rubber, also known as halfball, is a bat-and-ball game similar to stick ball or baseball. The game was developed in the American South around the beginning of the 20th century, moving north with the Great Migration in New York City and Philadelphia where it was widely played by the 1950s in addition to stick ball. It can be played with as few as three players and involves no running of bases.
The sport was typically played on a city street, now played in parks or the beach, using a baseball-sized rubber ball, that has been cut or sawed in half. Legendary origins of this "half-ball"' vary: from kids splitting a ball so that two games could be played at once; to an accident where a pimpleball broke in half and kids had no money to buy a new one so they played with a half-ball; to an innovation by adults who wanted to reduce the chances of the ball breaking windows on nearby buildings.
History
The cities of Savannah, Georgia and Charleston, South Carolina both claim to be the birthplace of half-rubber as early as the 1890s. In their book Halfrubber: The Savannah Game, Dan Jones interviewed players who dated the game as far back as 1913. In the August 1927 edition of American Speech Journal, English teacher Lowry Axley claims that the game originated in Savannah "some eight to ten years ago by two boys who got the idea when they were hitting pop-bottle caps with broom handles." In the January 1975 issue of Western Folklore, Hugh M. Thomoson says that they played half-rubber in rural Georgia in the mid-1930s.
In South Carolina, half-rubber traces its roots back to the Charleston neighborhood of Little Mexico. Other accounts record the game as coming from the freed slave community of Pin Point, Georgia. Half-rubber was played by African-Americans in the streets in and around both Savannah, and Charleston during the Great Depression. Some young half-rubber players went on to play professional baseball for the Negro leagues during segregation, claiming that they got to be good hitters because it was easy to hit a whole baseball with a thick bat after years of swinging at a half-ball with a skinny broomstick.
Over several generations, half-rubber's popularity waxed and waned in South Carolina and Georgia, with resurgences occurring the 1940s and 1970s. Meanwhile, the game known as halfball was being played in cities around the northeastern United States in the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s, and remained popular throughout the 1960s and 1970s, particularly in Philadelphia, Camden, Boston and New York City, as far west as St. Louis, as well as on the beaches of Cape Cod. Halfball or half-rubber games and tournaments can now be found in other cities around the U.S. under either name. Which name gets used often indicates if it was brought there from the north or the south.
Beginning in the 1970s, Thomas Cosmo Harper brought the game of halfball to the US West Coast of Turtle Island in Los Angeles, CA as well as Seattle and Spokane, WA. Coinciding with the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in the spring of 2020, Mr. Harper officially established the World Halfball League (WHBL) to meet the global need for a new sport with built-in social distancing measures. Through collaboration with the Academy for Gameful & Immersive Learning Experiences, WHBL is attempting to create a new form for the sport that utilizes Augmented Reality, Mixed Reality, and Virtual Reality technologies that can be played and watched from quarantine.
Rules
The basic premise of the game is a pitcher throws a half-ball toward a batter who swings at it with a stick or bat, and a catcher who tries to catch the half-ball. Some players like to wear gloves, some do not. From there, rules vary greatly from state to state, city to city, and even block to block. On November 11, 2020 the World Halfball League (WHBL) published a text titled "Rules for the Sport of Halfball" with the goal of ultimately making the game accessible in many languages everywhere. While there are differences between the rulebook published by WHBL and some variations below, all players agree that half a ball is twice the fun. According to page two of "Rules for the Sport of Halfball", players wishing to enter their games and stats into the WHBL and its related leagues must play by the rules in the most current version of the rule book and thus should only consult the rules specified there.
Who Can Play Halfball?
Anyone who can pick up and swing a halfball stick and pitch a halfball can play. There are no specific age or height requirements or restrictions and halfball exists to be shared by people of all backgrounds. For many, halfball fulfills a void of "something to do" that gives healthy motion and energy where there otherwise could have been only emptiness. Both for individuals who do not feel athletic, and for athletic individuals that due to injury, old age, or other circumstances cannot compete in other sports, halfball offers an opportunity to feel the full thrill and exhilaration of our bodies and minds in joyful competition.
Equipment
The equipment for the sport consists of a broomstick or mop handle used as a bat, and a solid rubber ball cut in half, though in urban halfball games a bisected pimple ball or tennis ball is often used. Half-rubber regulations call for a stick 48" long, while some halfball experts state 41" long and 1¼" thick as a standard. The World Halfball League book titled "Rules for the Sport of Halfball", on the other hand, states no wider than 1" diameter wooden dowel or broomstick of any length. In Boston a bladeless hockey stick is often used for a halfball bat, and special bats and pre-cut balls 2½-3" in diameter are also manufactured for the sport.
Players
When three play, each plays for themselves rotating duties as pitcher, catcher and batter. With four players, two-person teams take turns batting and fielding. The two players act as pitcher and catcher while fielding, and alternate as batters when not. Tournaments usually use three-player teams, and four-player teams are common in the south where half-rubber is played in parks and on beaches, with extra players taking the field.
Play
Play consists of the pitcher throwing the ball to the catcher, while a batter attempts to hit the ball, as in baseball. Some half-rubber regulations call for the pitcher to stand 50 or 60 feet from the batter whereas the WHBL states that "Distance from Home Plate to Pitching Rubber = 13 Strides" and also provides dimensions for distance fields which can be played "down the street" or at any park, parking lot, or indoor gymnasium with sufficient space and for wall fields which can be played on any suitable wall of 3 or more stories in height.
Pitchers try to strike out batters; one strike is an out if the missed halfball is caught by the catcher. If the catcher misses the pitch, the batter is not out and gets another chance. If the batter tips the ball and the catcher catches it, the batter is out, and in Savannah and South Carolina this counts for "double outs, your out plus the next hitter."
No baserunning is involved in the game—the score is kept by keeping track of imaginary runners tagging the bases of a non-existent diamond. Typically, a grounder past the pitcher is a single; if the pitcher fields it before it gets past position, it is an out (not in Savannah). Fly balls past the pitcher—unless caught for outs—are doubles, and balls hit to a pre-designated distance are home runs. Triples are agreed upon prior to games. Tournament half-rubber has only singles and home runs, the latter being achieved by hitting the ball 120 feet, or double the distance between batter and pitcher.
In three-player games, a batter continues to swing until out, signaling the rotation of players from batter to catcher to pitcher. In team play, each inning the next player in the batting order hits first when their side is up to bat. Game length varies regionally: three innings in South Carolina, four to nine in Georgia, seven in New Jersey, etc. Some play that a tie results in an extra inning with an "all hits are runs" rule.
Strategy
Pitching, catching and hitting, in that order, are the most important skills. Good pitchers can make the ball sail—upshoot, left-curve, right-curve, drop balls, etc.—in countless directions, and some pitchers get to be extremely good. Batters, meanwhile, attempt to make contact. Playing with a backstop is a good idea.
It takes a long time to become a good pitcher, only slightly less for a catcher. Hitting is not easy either, but is the easiest of the three skills to learn.
If the batter tips the ball and the catcher catches it then the next batter on that team is out in addition to the batter.
The game goes faster if you have someone to retrieve the batted balls. Also, having several balls is a plus.
Playing on grass or sand leads to less ball bounce than playing on concrete.
Though seldom used, some players have a 'home' rule that says four consecutive pitches that the batter does not swing at and the catcher does not catch is the same as a hit for the batter. That rule makes the pitcher attempt to throw pitches that the hitter can reach.
Variations
Similar street games using improvised stand-ins for a ball have existed in different cities under various names. One called "tire ball" was played in Philadelphia with a 4-inch piece of balloon bicycle tire or garden hose. Because the tire was harder than a half-ball and more liable to break windows, the game was usually played lengthwise in a driveway rather than across a street.
References
Ball games
Street games
Baseball genres
Kessleria brevicornuta is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in central Spain.
The length of the forewings is 6.1-6.3 mm for males and 6.4 mm for females. The forewings are whitish with brown scales. The hindwings are dark grey. Adults have been recorded in mid July.
References
Moths described in 1992
Yponomeutidae
Events in the year 1608 in Norway.
Incumbents
Monarch: Christian IV
Events
Enevold Kruse was named Governor-general of Norway.
Arts and literature
Births
5 November – Margareta Huitfeldt, noblewomen, estate owner (died 1683).
Deaths
Hallvard Gunnarssøn, educator and non-fiction writer (born c.1550).
See also
References
Carenum devastator is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Castelnau in 1867.
References
devastator
Taxa named by François-Louis Laporte, comte de Castelnau
Beetles described in 1867
El Tigre is an island located in the Gulf of Fonseca, a body of water on the Pacific coast of Central America. The island is a conical basaltic stratovolcano and the southernmost volcano in Honduras. It belongs to Valle department. Together with Isla Zacate Grande, Isla Comandante and a few tiny satellite islets and rocks, it forms the municipality of Amapala, with an area of and a population of 9,687 as of the census of 2001 (of which 4 were living on Isla Comandante).
Three countries, Honduras, El Salvador, and Nicaragua, have a coastline along the Gulf of Fonseca, and all three have been involved in a lengthy dispute over the rights to the gulf and the islands located therewithin. In 1992, a chamber of the International Court of Justice (ICJ) decided the Land, Island and Maritime Frontier Dispute, of which the gulf dispute was a part. The ICJ determined that El Salvador, Honduras, and Nicaragua were to share control of the Gulf of Fonseca. El Salvador was awarded the islands of Meanguera and Meanguerita, and Honduras was awarded the island of El Tigre.
See also
List of lighthouses in Honduras
List of volcanoes in Honduras
List of islands of Honduras
References
External links
Pacific islands of Honduras
Stratovolcanoes of Honduras
Territorial disputes of Honduras
Territorial disputes of El Salvador
El Salvador–Honduras border
Stratovolcanoes of El Salvador
Berkenye () is a village in Nógrád County, Hungary.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
Rev John Home FRSE (13 September 1722 – 4 September 1808) was a Scottish minister, soldier and author. Their play Douglas was a standard Scottish school text until the Second World War, but their work is now largely neglected. In 1783 they were one of the joint founders of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
Biography
They were born on 13 September 1722 at Ancrum in Roxburghshire, but moved to Leith, near Edinburgh, in early childhood when their father, Alexander Home, a distant relation of the earls of Home, became town clerk. Their mother was Christian Hay, the daughter of an Edinburgh lawyer. They were christened on 22 September 1722
John was educated at the Leith Grammar School, and at the University of Edinburgh, where they graduated from MA in 1742. Though interested in being a soldier, they studied divinity, and was licensed to preach by the presbytery of Edinburgh in 1745. In the same year they joined as a volunteer against Bonnie Prince Charlie, and was taken prisoner at the Battle of Falkirk. With many others they were carried to Doune castle in Perthshire, but soon escaped, reaching Alloa on foot from where thet got passage on the sloop-of-war "Vulture" to Queensferry. From there they reached their father's house in Leith.
In July 1746, Home was presented to the parish of Athelstaneford in East Lothian, which had been left vacant by the death of Robert Blair.
In their spare time they visited their friends in Edinburgh and became especially close to David Hume who was a distant cousin. Other friends included Adam Smith, Adam Fergusson and William Robertson.
Home's first play, Agis, founded on Plutarch's narrative, was completed in 1747. They took it to London, England, and submitted it to David Garrick for representation at Drury Lane, but it was rejected as unsuitable for the stage.
The tragedy of Douglas was suggested to them by hearing a lady sing the ballad of Gil Morrice or Child Maurice (Francis James Child, Popular Ballads, ii. 263).
The ballad supplied them with the outline of a simple and striking plot.
After five years, they completed their play and took it to London for Garrick's opinion.
It was rejected, but on their return to Edinburgh their friends resolved that it should be produced there.
It was performed on 14 December 1756 with overwhelming success, in spite of the opposition of the presbytery, who summoned Alexander Carlyle to answer for having attended its representation.
Home wisely resigned their charge in 1757, after a visit to London, where Douglas was brought out at Covent Garden on 14 March. Peg Woffington played Lady Randolph, a part which found a later exponent in Sarah Siddons. David Hume summed up their admiration for Douglas by saying that their friend possessed "the true theatric genius of Shakespeare and Otway, refined from the unhappy barbarism of the one and licentiousness of the other." Gray, writing to Horace Walpole (August 1757), said that the author "seemed to have retrieved the true language of the stage, which has been lost for these hundred years," but Samuel Johnson held aloof from the general enthusiasm, and averred that there were not ten good lines in the whole play (Boswell, Life, ed. Croker, 1348, p. 300).
In 1758, Home became private secretary to Lord Bute, then secretary of state, and was appointed tutor to the prince of Wales; and in 1760 their patron's influence procured them a pension of £300 per annum and in 1763 a sinecure worth another £500. Garrick produced Agis at Drury Lane on 21 February 1758. By dint of good acting and powerful support, according to Genest, the play lasted for eleven days, but it was lamentably inferior to Douglas. In 1760 their tragedy, The Siege of Aquileia, was put on the stage, Garrick taking the part of Aemilius. In 1769 another tragedy, The Fatal Discovery ran for nine nights; Alonzo also (1773) had fair success; but their last tragedy, Alfred (1778), was so coolly received that they gave up writing for the stage.
Home was also an active participant in the social life of Edinburgh, and joined the Poker Club in 1762.
In May 1763 they succeeded George Lind as MP for Edinburgh.
In 1778, they joined a regiment formed by the Duke of Buccleuch. They sustained severe injuries in a fall from horseback which permanently affected their brain, and was persuaded by their friends to retire.
From 1767, they resided either at Edinburgh or at a villa which they built at Kilduff near their former parish.
It was at this time that they wrote their History of the Rebellion of 1745, which appeared in 1802.
Home died at Merchiston Bank, near Edinburgh, in their eighty-sixth year.  They are buried in South Leith Parish Church. They died on 4 September and was buried on the 5th.
Works
The Works of John Home were collected and published by Henry Mackenzie in 1822 with "An Account of the Life and Writings of Mr John House," which also appeared separately in the same year, but several of their smaller poems seem to have escaped the editor's observation. These are: "The Fate of Caesar", "Verses upon Inveraray", "Epistle to the Earl of Eglintoun", "Prologue on the Birthday of the Prince of Wales, 1759" and several "Epigrams", which are printed in vol. ii. of Original Poems by Scottish Gentlemen (1762). See also Sir W Scott, "The Life and Works of John Home" in the Quarterly Review (June 1827). Douglas is included in numerous collections of British drama. Voltaire published their Le Gaffe, ou l'Ecossaise (1760), Londres (really Geneva), as a translation from the work of Hume, described as pasteur de l'église d'Edimbourg, but Home seems to have taken no notice of the mystification.
Memorials
Home is amongst the sixteen writers and poets depicted on the lower capital heads of the Scott Monument on Princes Street in Edinburgh. They appear at the far right side on the east face.
A small bronze plaque stands near the site of their home on Maritime Street in Leith. Their house was demolished in the 1950s and now holds a modern housing development (Bell's Court).
See also
References
External links
John Home at James Boswell – a Guide
Scottish literature
Scottish dramatists and playwrights
Scottish poets
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
1722 births
1808 deaths
British Army personnel of the Jacobite rising of 1745
People from Leith
People educated at Leith Academy
19th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
People of the Scottish Enlightenment
Founder Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
People from the Scottish Borders
Scottish educators
18th-century Scottish historians
18th-century British dramatists and playwrights
Paintings by Henry Raeburn
18th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
Tamask (; also known as Tamask-e Pā'īn) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 944, in 265 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
The 2009 Duke Blue Devils football team represented Duke University in the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS football season. It was Duke's 57th season as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) and fifth in its Coastal Division. The Blue Devils were led by second-year head coach David Cutcliffe. Duke finished the season 5–7 overall and 3–5 in ACC play, failing to qualify for a bowl game for the 15th straight season.
Schedule
Personnel
Coaching staff
Roster
Game summaries
Richmond
at Army
at No. 22 Kansas
North Carolina Central
No. 6 Virginia Tech
at NC State
Maryland
at Virginia
at North Carolina
No. 7 Georgia Tech
at No. 21 Miami (FL)
Wake Forest
Notes
When the Blue Devils defeated the Maryland Terrapins on October 24, it marked the first time Duke had beaten consecutive ACC opponents since 1994.
References
Duke
Duke Blue Devils football seasons
Duke Blue Devils football
Hunting Venus is a British television comedy-drama starring Martin Clunes and Neil Morrissey as former members of a 1980s new romantic pop group. The one-off drama was broadcast on ITV on 31 March 1999, and was produced by Buffalo Pictures for Yorkshire Television.
The plot follows former pop-star turned con artist Simon Delancey (Clunes) is kidnapped by two fans of their eighties band the Venus Hunters, and blackmailed to re-form the band for one final performance, live on television.
It features cameos from a number of new romantic pop stars, including Simon Le Bon (with their wife Yasmin Le Bon), Tony Hadley, Gary Numan, and Phil Oakey. Jools Holland also appears, as himself, and also wrote the song "Starburst", The Venus Hunters' biggest hit.
A compilation album was also released by Columbia to accompany the drama featuring songs from the 1980s. The Hunting Venus song "Starburst" was included.
Cast
Martin Clunes ... Simon Delancey
Neil Morrissey ... Charlotte
Jane Horrocks ... Cassandra
Esther Coles ... Jacqui
Daniel Webb ... John
Mark Williams ... Peter
Ben Miller ... Gavin
Marlene Sidaway ... Marge Beake
Roger Watkins ... DI Hoardes
Jean Ainslie ... Lovely Old Lady
Ian Gain ... Car Dealer
Dermot Keaney ... Doctor
John Mackle ... Production Assistant
Stephen Churchett ... Antiques Dealer
Laura Heath ... Peter's Secretary
Reception
Sam Wollaston of The Guardian felt the film "started promisingly" and "ended splendidly", however concluded that Hunting Venus "didn't really work because it's asking too much of one joke to keep it going for nearly two hours, and pastiche isn't that funny anyway, is it?" They added: "When you've got Martin Clunes and Neil Morrissey in something, you expect it to be as good as Men Behaving Badly. Which it wasn't. And Jane Horrocks as Cassandra was better than both of them."
Robert Hanks of The Independent commented that the film had a lot of "incidental pleasures" along with "one or two deft jokes about the 1980s - plus a handful of star cameos". However, they felt that the film "seemed oddly short of allusions" to the 1980s and contained "some very old-fashioned attitudes". Hanks summarised: "What the film did get right was the way that nostalgia lends cheap music its potency, and elevates our personal tragedies over world events - for the characters here, the summer of 1982 was about losing your virginity and "Hungry Like the Wolf" getting into the charts, not about the Falklands War. But it didn't need to take two hours to make that point; this was a story of lost times in a way it didn't intend."
References
External links
BFI TV & Film Database - Hunting Venus
ITV television dramas
1999 television films
1999 films
British television films
English-language television shows
Cyrtodactylus bengkhuaiai is a species of gecko endemic to India.
The lizard was named in 2021 after a Mizo chieftain who had fought the British Empire over 150 years before.
References
Cyrtodactylus
Reptiles described in 2021
Endemic fauna of India
The 1987 Princeton Tigers football team was an American football team that represented Princeton University during the 1987 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Princeton tied for fourth in the Ivy League.
In their first year under head coach Steve Tosches, the Tigers compiled a 6–4 record and outscored opponents 230 to 155. Matthew B. Whalen was the team captain.
Princeton's 4–3 conference record tied for fourth in the Ivy League standings. The Tigers outscored Ivy opponents 157 to 95.
Princeton played its home games at Palmer Stadium on the university campus in Princeton, New Jersey.
Schedule
References
Princeton
Princeton Tigers football seasons
Princeton Tigers football
Boyne RFC is a rugby team in Drogheda, Ireland, playing in Division 1A of the Leinster League following promotion after winning the Leinster League 1B in the 2021/2022 season.
History
The club was formed in 1997 by the amalgamation of Drogheda RFC and Delvin RFC.
The 2008–2009 season saw the Boyne 1st team claim Ireland's oldest trophy – the Leinster Towns Cup. The final was held in Ashbourne RFC on 19 April 2009 and Boyne beat their opponents on the day, Tullamore, 27–21. Boyne retained the cup in 2010, again facing Tullamore, winning 32–25.
Ground changes
The club is currently based at Shamrock Lodge rugby grounds in Drogheda, County Louth.
There was a proposal to build a new ground which was agreed in principle in recent times. However, as with many other projects this has fallen victim to the global recession and all plans are on ice for the moment.
All Ireland League (AIL Division 2B) 2011-2017
In 2011 at the business end of the Leinster 1A division Boyne were crowned champions in doing so gaining the club a historic first in becoming a recognized senior club. In an expansion year for the AIL Ulster bank league, four new teams were added one from the premier tier of each province. This meant Boyne were elevated on the final day of the Leinster League 2011. https://amp.independent.ie/regionals/droghedaindependent/news/day-of-destiny-for-boyne-rugby-27154536.html. In their maiden escapade through the trials and tribulations of senior rugby Boyne finished a very respectable 9th in Division 2B made up of sixteen teams from all across the country. After securing safety Boyne managed an even more fruitful campaign during the 2012/2013 season with ten victories and only five defeats bringing the Drogheda based club up as high as fifth in the table come the seasons end. With many changes at the club during the summer of 2013 many saw a slightly more difficult season ahead, that is exactly what followed Boyne only winning five and losing ten matches to finish a lowly fourteenth in what was their third season playing in the AIL division 2B. The 2014/2015 season followed suit with both changes in personnel on and off the field it took until the new year and a great run of form to rescue a season from certain relegation back to the provincial Leinster league. On the last day of the season Boyne secured their senior status with an away win at Bruff bringing them to thirteenth overall on the table.
Division 2C
It was agreed by the IRFU in the 2015 summer that instead of four, the divisions would be divided into five creating the Division AIL 2C. Made up of all the teams who were not in the promoted from the previous season and newly promoted and local rivals Dundalk RFC. With a smaller division and both home and away fixtures many saw this as Boyne's opportunity to climb back up the league and bring back success that had eluded them in recent years. This was not the case however despite an opening day victory Boyne only won another six league games losing twelve leaving them eighth in the league just avoiding the playoff relegation and automatic relegation spots. The 2016/2017 season brought about more changes in personnel on and off the field. Opening day wins against Bruff followed by a draw and a victory against Middleton and Seapoint in rounds four and five were not enough to keep Boyne out of trouble come April. Without a win from late October until late March Boynes stay in the Ireland ranks looked all but over. A late surge brought about by a never say die attitude the club is renowned for gave them a breath of life and brought the season down to a wire. A 25-25 draw against Bruff on the final day of the season let Boyne ride the way one more game as the result brought them above Kanturk RFC on points difference condemning them to automatic relegation and Boyne to a playoff against runners-up in the Play-off promotion round robin Omagh RFC. Boynes stay in the national ranks ended at home against Omagh RFC as they went down 29-9 against the Tyrone club. This ended a stay in the AIL that spanned six years.
References
External links
Boyne Official Website
Irish rugby union teams
Sport in Drogheda
Rugby union clubs in County Louth
Those marked in bold have now been capped at full International level.
Group A
Head coach: Petr Mikheyev
Head coach: John Peacock
Head coach: Francesco Rocca
Head coach: Abdullah Avcı
Group B
Head coach: Ivan Gudelj
Head coach: Avraham Bahar
Head coach: Ruud Kaiser
Head coach: Yves Débonnaire
Footnotes
UEFA European Under-17 Championship squads
Squads
Allium koreanum, the Korean rocky chive, is a species of Allium endemic to the Korean Peninsula.
It has three to six leaves that are long and wide, and a sheath that is long. The pyxidium is obtuse, triangular and solid. Purple-red flowers bloom in August to November; 74 to 197 flowers form an umbel at the end of a long flower stalk. The bract is broadovate, with a caudate end. Perianth lobes are broadoval and long with a round end and green midrib on the underside.
References
koreanum
Endemic flora of Korea
Plants described in 2004
A provincial forest is a type of government-owned land in Canada, controlled by one of Canada's ten provinces. The nature of their management varies between the provinces.
Provincial control of forest lands
The largest class of landowners in Canada are the provincial governments, who hold all unclaimed land in their jurisdiction in the name of the Crown (Crown Lands). Over 90% of the sprawling boreal forest of Canada is provincial Crown land. Provincial lands account for 60% of the area of the province of Alberta, 94% of the land in British Columbia, 95% of Newfoundland and Labrador, and 48% of New Brunswick.
Provincial forest lands by province
Alberta
see Rocky Mountains Forest Reserve
British Columbia
see List of forest regions and districts of British Columbia
Manitoba
see Provincial forests (Manitoba)
Saskatchewan;
see List of Saskatchewan provincial forests
See also
Forests of Canada
References
Forests of Canada
Types of formally designated forests
Leonhart may refer to:
Leonhart (surname)
Squall Leonhart, a character from the video game Final Fantasy VIII
Leonhart Fuchs, a German physician and botanist, b. 1501
See also
Leon Hart (disambiguation)
The MAP45 Armoured Personnel Carrier (a.k.a. MAP 'four five') is a Rhodesian/Zimbabwean 4x4d heavy troop-carrying vehicle (TCV) first introduced in 1978 based on a Mercedes-Benz truck chassis. It remains in use with the Zimbabwe National Army.
History
The MAP45 Armoured Personnel Carrier ('MAP' stands for mine and ambush protected in Rhodesian military jargon) was developed in 1977-78 by the Rhodesian Army Workshops as a light version of the MAP75 TCV. Production started early in 1978 at Army Workshops but in order to meet the increasing demand, manufacture was contracted out to the Rhodesian private firm Zambesi Coachworks Ltd of Salisbury (now Harare).
General description
The MAP45 consists of an all-welded body with a cut-down troop compartment built on a modified Mercedes-Benz 4.5 ton Series LA911B truck chassis. Adapted from the MAP75 TCV, the open-topped hull or 'capsule' is faceted at the sides, which were designed to deflect small-arms' rounds, and a flat deck reinforced by a v-shaped 'crush box' meant to deflect mine blasts. Three inverted U-shaped low 'Roll bars' were fitted to protect the fighting compartment from being crushed in case the vehicle turned and roll over after a landmine detonation. Due to the shortened top hull, their reduced height presented less of a problem since it did not hamper movements inside the troop compartment as in the MAP75.
Protection
The hull was made of ballistic 10mm mild steel plate; front windscreen and side windows had 40mm bullet-proof laminated glass.
Armament
Rhodesian MAP45s were usually armed with a FN MAG-58 7.62mm Light Machine Gun (LMG), sometimes installed on a locally produced one-man MG armoured turret to protect the gunner. Vehicles assigned to convoy escorting duties ('E-type') had a Browning M1919A4 7.62mm medium machine gun mounted on an open-topped, cylinder-shaped turret (dubbed 'the dustbin'). For 'externals' twin Browning MG pintle mounts were sometimes fitted, placed behind the driver's compartment. The Zimbabwean vehicles after 1980 sported single pintle-mounted Soviet-made 12.7mm and 14.5mm Heavy Machine Guns (HMG) instead.
Variants
Troop-Carrying Vehicle (TCV) – is the standard IFV/APC version, armed with either a single LMG (Rhodesian SF 1978-79) or HMG (ZNA 1980-present) and capable of carrying 12 infantrymen.
Convoy escorting version – designated 'E-type', this is a basic IFV/APC version fitted with the Browning MG 'dustbin' turret.
Command vehicle – command version equipped with radios and map boards.
Combat history
The MAP45 TCV soon became a popular vehicle among the elite units of the Rhodesian Security Forces – including the Rhodesian African Rifles (RAR), the Rhodesian Light Infantry (RLI), and the Rhodesian SAS – who employed it late in the war on their cross-border covert raids ('externals') against ZIPRA and ZANLA guerrilla bases in the neighboring Countries, such as the September 1979 raid on the ZANLA's New Chimoio base in Mozambique (Operation "Miracle").
After independence, the MAP45 entered service with the Zimbabwe National Army (ZNA) in early 1980 and participated in the large military exercises conducted at Somabula Plain, Matabeleland that same year. ZNA's 'Four Fives' were thrown into action in November 1980 against ZIPRA troops at the 1st Battle of Entumbane and later at the February 1981 2nd Battle of Entumbane (near Bulawayo, Matabeleland), and later again after February 1982 by helping to put down the Super-ZAPU insurgency in Matabeleland. The converted MAP45 TCVs were also employed by the ZNA forces in Mozambique during the Mozambican Civil War, guarding the Mutare-Beira oil pipeline from 1982 to 1993. The MAP45 later served with the ZNA contingent sent to the Democratic Republic of Congo during the Second Congo War from 1998 to 2002.
Operators
– some 200 or 300 vehicles in service with the Rhodesian Security Forces in 1978-1980 passed on to successor state.
– Still in service with the ZNA.
See also
Bullet TCV
Crocodile Armoured Personnel Carrier
Hippo APC
Thyssen Henschel UR-416
Rhodesian Armoured Corps
MAP75 Armoured Personnel Carrier
Mine Protected Combat Vehicle
Weapons of the Rhodesian Bush War
Notes
References
Laurent Touchard, Guerre dans le bush! Les blindés de l'Armée rhodésienne au combat (1964-1979), Batailles & Blindés Magazine n.º 72, April–May 2016, pp. 64–75. (in French)
Neil Grant & Peter Dennis, Rhodesian Light Infantryman 1961–80, Warrior series 177, Osprey Publishing Ltd, Oxford 2015.
Peter Abbott & Raffaele Ruggeri, Modern African Wars (4): The Congo 1960-2002, Men-at-arms series 492, Osprey Publishing Ltd, Oxford 2014.
Peter Gerard Locke & Peter David Farquharson Cooke, Fighting Vehicles and Weapons of Rhodesia 1965-80, P&P Publishing, Wellington 1995.
Peter Stiff, Taming the Landmine, Galago Publishing Pty Ltd., Alberton (South Africa) 1986.
External links
MAP 4.5 (Mine & Ambush Protected) Vehicle.
Rhodesian Mine Ambush Protected Vehicles 1975-80
Armoured personnel carriers of the Cold War
Weapons of Rhodesia
Wheeled armoured personnel carriers
Military vehicles introduced in the 1970s
Avatar: The Game is a 2009 third-person action video game based on James Cameron's 2009 film Avatar. The game was developed by Ubisoft Montreal and released on the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Microsoft Windows, Wii and Nintendo DS on December 1, 2009, with a PSP version released later on December 7. It uses the same technology as the film to be displayed in stereoscopic 3D. As of May 19, 2010, the game has sold nearly 2.7 million copies.
The game, which acts as a prequel to the film, features Sigourney Weaver, Stephen Lang, Michelle Rodriguez, and Giovanni Ribisi, who reprise their roles from the film. The casting and voice production for Avatar: The Game was handled by Blindlight.
The online services for the game were shut down on August 8, 2014.
Story
Set in 2152, two years before the events of the film, Avatar: The Game starts out with a new signals specialist, named Able Ryder (who is either male or female, depending on the player's choice), arriving at Pandora, assigned to an area called Blue Lagoon, a large piece of jungle, fenced in to make sure no larger predators get inside. Their first mission is to save five marines from Viperwolves, with their CO, Kendra Midori, suggesting they use a turret to help fend off the wolves. After saving the marines, Ryder must go help another Sig Spec, Dalton, who is afraid of the Viperwolves and trapped outside the fence.
Helping out at another base, Ryder is told to go fix the fences and animal repulsors, which are attracting creatures rather than keeping them away. After fixing the fences, Ryder is told to enter their avatar. Ryder's first mission in their avatar body is to get cell samples from certain non-hostile plants. After getting the samples, a Na'vi, Tan Jala, tells Ryder to kill their infected animals. A RDA air strike is then seen being launched on the Na'vi village where Ryder had locked the signal. They find out that there is a mole and that it is one of the avatar drivers. They must then follow Tan Jala, who will lead them to the mole. After finding who the mole is, a scientist named Rene Harper, who is sympathetic with the Na'vi plight, Ryder sees the Na'vi village destroyed in the air strike previously. Commander Falco and their soldiers arrive via helicopter and try to force Rene into surrender. Harper then tries to persuade Ryder to join the Na'vi and leave the RDA. When Falco hears this, they order Ryder to shoot Rene Harper and keep their allegiance to the Corporation. Ryder must then make a game-altering decision of siding with the defensive Na'vi or siding with the more offensive, better- armed RDA.
If the player sides with the RDA, Ryder, Commander Falco, and their soldiers corner Rene Harper, and they jump from a cliff rather than surrender to the RDA. As Rene falls, they shoot Ryder in the chest with a bow and arrow. Their avatar is killed, but Ryder's human body survives.
As they return to base on a Scorpion with Kendra, two banshees attack and force down the helicopter. No one is killed, but the pilot is hurt in the crash. Midori informs Ryder of a base near the Crash Site, and that they could use one of the aircraft. However, when they arrive, they find the base is under constant attack by banshees, resulting in the destruction of many operational Scorpion and Samson helicopters, and causing many casualties. Ryder enters the control room, and the commander tells them to take a helicopter above and destroy the banshee nests, eradicating the banshee threat. When Ryder returns to retrieve missiles from the Crash Site, they learn that the pilot died from their injuries. They reequip the missiles to the helicopter and completes the task, and the player can see that aerial reinforcements are arriving and battling any remaining banshees in the area. Ryder is then ordered to collect three unobtainium shards so that with the help of them, they could extract the harmonic from a Willow Tree which would help the RDA to find The Well Of Souls. Ryder collects the shards and then extracts the harmonic. Ryder is again summoned at Hell's Gate and is given a new pilot as their previous pilot died from injuries. They meet with Dr. Monroe who tells them to feed the harmonic into a device called the Emulator. They explain to them that the Na'vi access the planet from a place called the Tree Of Souls, but there is also another dormant site called the Well Of Souls and it could act like a back door entrance for them to cut the connection of the Na'vi from the planet. In order to pinpoint the location of the dormant site they needed enough harmonics.
Ryder is transported to a combat area known as the FEBA, where Na'vi warriors, under the powerful Beyda'mo (who, ironically, dislikes Ryder, even if they join the Na'vi), are inflicting death and destruction to the RDA and slowing the advance to a halt. At this point Ryder's primary goal is to collect the shards and extract the harmonic. But in the process, Ryder has to kill Beyda'mo.
After that they are transported to Grave's Bog where along with collecting the shards and extracting the harmonic, Ryder also has to kill Tan jala in the process. They then go to The Hanging Gardens where they discover that Dr. Harper is still alive and working for the Na'vi with two other people. After killing them, Ryder learns that Commander Falco has gone rogue, stolen the Emulator, and killed Dr. Monroe.
Ryder then travels to The Plains Of Goliath for their final missions. Upon arrival Ryder is ordered to eliminate three Na'vi leaders and the first leader persuades them to join the Na'vi but the player can decline and kill the other leaders. Col. Miles Quaritch gives Ryder a Dragon Ship to go to Tantalus and get some charges from Boom Boom Batista to blow up the stone wall and get the Dragon Ship to access the Well Of Souls, where Ryder finds Falco trying to activate the Emulator. After killing Falco, Ryder activates the Emulator and cuts the connection of the Na'vi behind them from Eywa. This finishes the game. However, if the player chooses to accept Swawta's request Ryder has to kill the RDA leaders instead.
The Wii and PSP versions have a different storyline, where the player character is a young Na'vi named Raiuk who engages in a personal vendetta against the RDA after they attack their village.
Gameplay
At first the player is allowed to choose the appearance of the character from a set of pre-defined faces, although not the name. On the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and PC versions, the player is able to choose a side – to fight for the Na'vis or for the RDA – each offering different gameplay, weapon set, skill set, and environment.
As a soldier, the player is equipped with firearms such as assault rifles, shotguns, grenade launchers, and flamethrowers. The soldier generally have to eliminate the enemies, which are fast and resilient and usually charging towards the player, from afar. Playing as an Avatar limits the player to only one Avatar-issued machine gun and various primitive weapons such as bows, crossbows and melee weapons. The Avatar player usually has to charge the enemies since ranged weapon are either weak (the machine gun), have slow rate of fire (bows and crossbows), or have limited ammunition; the human enemies are generally weak and the basic foot soldiers can die after getting hit once with one strike of a club. The environment also reacts differently to the character: many plants will attack the soldier, while the Avatar can walk past said plants unharmed. A variety of vehicles or mounts are also available to each race.
If the player's health is reduced to 0, they can use a recovery that instantly recovers to full health. Recoveries can be acquired by gathering cell samples left behind by killed creatures (including Humans or Na'vi) or plants, but only 5 Recoveries can be carried at any one time (excluding the PS3 version, which has a limit of 10). Avatar players can collect Cell Samples more easily from many plants without having to "kill" them. If the player falls to their death, however, they cannot use Recoveries and have to reload from a check point which is automatically saved. The game offers no way to manually save when playing the game (it is only saved when player reaches certain points, completed an objective, or quit the game). A special case involves a separate checkpoint when the user decides which race to side with, which cannot be overwritten.
As the player completes mission objectives or eliminates opposition, the character gains experience points and levels up. The leveling up process is quite linear, with no way to customize the character. Each level rewards the character with better versions of the weapons, armor and skills they already have. The character can have only one armor (one type of combat gear at a time, though with higher levels, different types become available, which may be selected instead of the original), four skills and four weapons equipped into quick slot at any one time. The skills can be offensive (boost damage, summon air strikes / wild life), defensive (boost damage resistance, heal) or tactical purpose (boost speed, invisibility).
Experience points are converted to credits that is used in the Conquer minigame. It is a Risk-style strategy game in which the player captures territories from enemies. Credits are used to buy troops, which has three types: infantry, heavy ground unit and air unit, defenses or limited special attacks. Some territories captured reward player with passive enhancements such as damage boost, critical chance, armor, health to use in the main game, as long as they are in the player's possession. (PlayStation 3 and Windows version)
The Wii version of the game uses the Wii Remote controller for combat, and the firing of bows. The Xbox version has a wider range of controls and allows the player to ride animals and drive vehicles.
Development
Ubisoft developed Avatar: The Game in conjunction with director James Cameron as they filmed Avatar. According to Cameron: "For the movie Avatar we are creating a world rich in character, detail, conflict and cultural depth. It has the raw material for a game that the more demanding gamers of today will want to get their hands on - one that is rich in visuals and ideas, and challenging in play". While Sigourney Weaver, Michelle Rodriguez, and Stephen Lang reprised their voices for their characters, neither Sam Worthington, Zoe Saldana, nor their characters (Jake Sully and Neytiri) appeared in the game. The game was developed as an adaptation of the movie of the same name, with an original storyline and similar features. The developers had carte blanche from the movie.
Composer Chance Thomas was hired to write the music for Avatar: The Game. It was unclear at the time whether the score would contain pieces of the original score composed by James Horner for the movie.
3D capabilities
The game requires an HDMI video connection and a 120 Hz capable display in order to make use of the 3D effects. Avatar: The Game has the option of outputting in most standard stereoscopic 3D formats used by today's "3D-enabled" screens with stereoscopic 3D. The release of the PC demo has confirmed the PC version of the game supports 3D capabilities as well.
According to Neil Schneider, executive director of the S-3D Gaming Alliance, NVIDIA has developed a proprietary method for NVIDIA's GeForce 3D Vision that allows left and right images to be passed directly from the game engine to the PC display, in the form of quad buffers. Up until Avatar, this was a limitation criticized by the gaming industry because they were forced to use NVIDIA's stereoscopic 3D driver when they would prefer to have full control of the S-3D gaming experience. Alternate solutions like iZ3D monitors, interlaced displays, dual output projectors and 3D Checkerboard DLP do not require this enhancement because game developers have full output control.
Reception
On Metacritic, Avatar: The Game gained "mixed or average" reviews except for iOS version, which was met with "generally favorable" reviews.
Commercial reception
Sales of the game had a slow start but eventually performed ahead of expectations selling 2.7 million units across all platforms. Ubisoft CEO Yves Guillemot called the game a "positive contribution for the company" citing the increased sales due to the film's success and its launch on DVD.
See also
Stereoscopic video game
List of stereoscopic video games
Notes
References
External links
2009 video games
Android (operating system) games
Avatar (franchise) mass media
Avatar (2009 film)
Browser games
IOS games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Nintendo DS games
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation Portable games
Symbian games
Ubisoft games
20th Century Fox video games
Video game prequels
Video games about extraterrestrial life
Avatar: The Game
Avatar: The Game
Video games developed in Canada
Video games scored by Chance Thomas
Video games scored by Inon Zur
Video games set in the 22nd century
Video games set on fictional moons
Video games with alternative versions
Video games with stereoscopic 3D graphics
Wii Balance Board games
Wii games
Wii MotionPlus games
Windows games
Xbox 360 games
J2ME games
Gameloft games
Kate McCann is a former Sky News political correspondent and Telegraph journalist who now works for TalkTV.
McCann was educated at a comprehensive school in Yorkshire before they studied politics at Newcastle University between 2006 and 2009 where they were a news editor for the university newspaper, The Courier.
In September 2015, McCann joined The Telegraph as senior political correspondent, after previously working for The Guardian. While working for The Telegraph in 2017, McCann leaked a draft of Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn's draft manifesto to the paper, which they later described as the highlight of their career.
In 2018, McCann became chair of Parliament's press gallery and worked in the Westminster Lobby for The Sun and City A.M. for over four years.
In July 2018, they became a political correspondent for Sky News. In April 2022, they left Sky to work for TalkTV, and is based in Westminster.
In July 2022, McCann was the co-host of TalkTV's The Sun's Showdown: The Fight for No.10, a televised election debate between Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss, the two remaining candidates for the leadership of the Conservative Party. During a speech by Truss on the show, McCann fainted; as a result, the show came off air. Footage of Truss's reaction to the collapse soon went viral on social media. They recovered shortly afterwards, telling the Sun political journalist Kate Ferguson that they were "a little embarrassed, a little bit bruised but glad to be back and totally fine".
On 23 August 2022 it was announced that McCann would co-present a Sunday morning political programme with Adam Boulton on Times Radio. The first edition of Sunday Morning with Kate McCann and Adam Boulton will air on 4 September.
References
External links
British political journalists
The Daily Telegraph people
The Sun (United Kingdom) people
The Guardian journalists
British women journalists
Alumni of Newcastle University
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Jordan Johnson (born 9 October 1986) is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Congleton Town. Born in England, they represented the British Virgin Islands national football team.
International career
International goals
Scores and results list British Virgin Islands' goal tally first.
References
External links
Caribbean Football Database profile
1986 births
Living people
Leek Town F.C. players
British Virgin Islands footballers
British Virgin Islands international footballers
Congleton Town F.C. players
Newcastle Town F.C. players
AFC Telford United players
Chasetown F.C. players
Northwich Victoria F.C. players
Airbus UK Broughton F.C. players
Kidsgrove Athletic F.C. players
Footballers from Stoke-on-Trent
Association football forwards
North West Counties Football League players
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Texas, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1845, Texas has participated in every U.S. presidential election except the 1864 election during the American Civil War, when the state had seceded to join the Confederacy, and the 1868 election, when the state was undergoing Reconstruction.
In its first century Texas was a Democratic bastion, only voting for another party once – in 1928 when anti-Catholic sentiment against Al Smith drove voters to Republican Herbert Hoover. A gradual trend towards increasing social liberalism in the Democratic Party, however, has turned the state (apart from Hispanic South Texas, the Trans-Pecos and several large cities) into a Republican stronghold. Since 1980, Texas has voted for the Republican nominee in every presidential election.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country. The result of the election, with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery, spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War.
Elections prior to 1860
See also
Elections in Texas
Notes
References
Belt friction is a term describing the friction forces between a belt and a surface, such as a belt wrapped around a bollard. When a force applies a tension to one end of a belt or rope wrapped around a curved surface, the frictional force between the two surfaces increases with the amount of wrap about the curved surface, and only part of that force (or resultant belt tension) is transmitted to the other end of the belt or rope. Belt friction can be modeled by the Belt friction equation.
In practice, the theoretical tension acting on the belt or rope calculated by the belt friction equation can be compared to the maximum tension the belt can support. This helps a designer of such a system determine how many times the belt or rope must be wrapped around a curved surface to prevent it from slipping. Mountain climbers and sailing crews demonstrate a working knowledge of belt friction when accomplishing tasks with ropes, pulleys, bollards and capstans.
Equation
The equation used to model belt friction is, assuming the belt has no mass and its material is a fixed composition:
where is the tension of the pulling side, is the tension of the resisting side, is the static friction coefficient, which has no units, and is the angle, in radians, formed by the first and last spots the belt touches the pulley, with the vertex at the center of the pulley.
The tension on the pulling side of the belt and pulley has the ability to increase exponentially if the magnitude of the belt angle increases (e.g. it is wrapped around the pulley segment numerous times).
Generalization for a rope lying on an arbitrary orthotropic surface
If a rope is laying in equilibrium under tangential forces on a rough orthotropic surface then three following conditions (all of them) are satisfied:
1. No separation – normal reaction is positive for all points of the rope curve:
, where is a normal curvature of the rope curve.
2. Dragging coefficient of friction and angle are satisfying the following criteria for all points of the curve
3. Limit values of the tangential forces:
The forces at both ends of the rope and are satisfying the following inequality
with ,
where is a geodesic curvature of the rope curve, is a curvature of a rope curve, is a coefficient of friction in the tangential direction.
If then .
This generalization has been obtained by Konyukhov A.,
Friction coefficient
There are certain factors that help determine the value of the friction coefficient. These determining factors are:
Belting material used – The age of the material also plays a part, where worn out and older material may become more rough or smoother, changing the sliding friction.
Construction of the drive-pulley system – This involves strength and stability of the material used, like the pulley, and how greatly it will oppose the motion of the belt or rope.
Conditions under which the belt and pulleys are operating – The friction between the belt and pulley may decrease substantially if the belt happens to be muddy or wet, as it may act as a lubricant between the surfaces. This also applies to extremely dry or warm conditions which will evaporate any water naturally found in the belt, nominally making friction greater.
Overall design of the setup – The setup involves the initial conditions of the construction, such as the angle which the belt is wrapped around and geometry of the belt and pulley system.
Applications
An understanding of belt friction is essential for sailing crews and mountain climbers. Their professions require being able to understand the amount of weight a rope with a certain tension capacity can hold versus the amount of wraps around a pulley. Too many revolutions around a pulley make it inefficient to retract or release rope, and too few may cause the rope to slip. Misjudging the ability of a rope and capstan system to maintain the proper frictional forces may lead to failure and injury.
See also
Capstan equation
Frictional contact mechanics
References
Mechanics
, daughter of an Edo physician, wrote commentaries on Japan's social and political problems.
Early life
Tadano Makuzu was born in 1763 as Kudō Ayako, the oldest daughter of Kudō Heisuke. Kudō Heisuke was a late-eighteenth century physician representing the Sendai domain in Edo. At the age of thirteen, Heisuke became the adopted son of Kudō Jōan, who was a physician of the retired lord of Sendai, Date Yoshimura. In 1754, Heisuke, a man in their twenties, inherited the physician position from their father. As Heisuke aged, they were known for their unprejudiced hospitality. They had guests from all different classes including “scholars, poets, actors, and …even gamblers” (Gramlich-Oka, 2001: 3-4). In addition to their hospitality, Kudō Heisuke was commonly revered for their extensive knowledge of Russia. As a result of their widespread knowledge on Russian affairs, Heisuke became acquainted with “the circle of Rangakusha” (Gramlich-Oka, 2001: 3-4). Heisuke knew that Japan needed to expand its knowledge base to the methods of countries other than itself even before the United States of America forced Japan to open its doors (Timperley, 1942: 346). As a revolutionary figure, Kudō Heisuke was also a part of the heroes, which was a small group that consisted of late Tokugawa anti-seclusionists. This group, which included “such figures as…Hayashi (Rin) Shihei, Honda Rimei, Hirayama Kozo, Sato Shinen, Hashimoto Sanai, and Yoshida Shoin,” shared views of expanding the Japanese empire (Conroy, 1951: 33). However, one of their most important concerns was protecting Japan from Russia (Conroy, 1951: 33).
Heisuke was one of the great minds that had knowledge on how to attempt to help protect Japan from Russia. In the eighteenth century, Heisuke believed that an establishment of trade relations with Russia was unavoidable, yet they were also aware that having such a relationship with Russia would prove to be beneficial to Japan in many ways. From this relationship, Japan could gain knowledge from the world outside Japan on how to improve itself while also acquiring knowledge on how to prepare itself for when Russia would come back to fight (Timperley, 1942: 346). During their life, Heisuke also published a book by the name of Akaezo fūsetsu kō, meaning Report on the Land of the Red Ainu (i.e. Russia), in which Heisuke addressed a rumor at the time of Russia's plans of raiding Ezo (Hokkaidō). As a precautionary measure, Heisuke advised that Japan should make movements to start developing and colonizing Ezo in order to prohibit Russian expansion into Ezo. In response to Heisuke's advice on Ezo, Tanuma Okitsugu, a member of the rōjū, attempted to begin colonization of Ezo yet unfortunately, was removed from office in 1786, and the development of Ezo ceased (Gramlich-Oka, 2001: 4-5). Tanuma's removal also affected Makuzu.
Growing up in Sukiyachō, Nihonbashi, Makuzu had a privileged childhood and due to their father's involvement, had been exposed to much more than an ordinary Japanese girl. At the age of sixteen, Makuzu left their home and “entered the service of Princess Akiko, [who was the] daughter of Date Shigemura” (Gramlich-Oka, 2001: 4-5). During their time of service to Princess Akiko, Akiko married “into the Ii family of the Hikone domain” (Gramlich-Oka, 2001: 4-5). Loyal to their mistress, Makuzu followed Akiko to the Ii residence in Edo. In 1787, at the age of twenty-five, Makuzu left the service and returned to their parents' house (Gramlich-Oka, 2001: 5-6).
Marriage and family
As a result of Tanuma's removal from office, Kudō Heisuke's plans for finding Makuzu's marriage partner began to fall apart. However, in 1787 at the age of twenty-five, Makuzu married a retainer of the Sakai family from Tsuruoka domain, who happened to be much older than Makuzu. During their marriage, Makuzu became extremely miserable until the point where they were returned to their parents' house. Over the next couple of years, Makuzu experienced a host of poignant events, which included the deaths of their grandmother, brother, three sisters, and mother. After the period of death, the remarried Heisuke was able to find Makuzu a second husband by the name of Tadano Iga Tsurayoshi. Iga was a high-ranking Date retainer and had been married before as well. In 1797, Makuzu married Iga and moved to their domain of Sendai, which was the domain where Makuzu was original from. Yet surprisingly, although they were married for fifteen years, Iga was only allowed to come to Sendai sixteen times to see Makuzu. Sadly, in 1800, Heisuke died due to illness leaving the pressure of continuing the Kudō family name on the last son, Genshirō. However, seven years later, Genshirō died. In attempt to continue the Kudō name, a cousin was adopted as a successor. Although the Kudō name lived on through the successor, the cousin “sold everything in the household” to pay off debt. Needless to say, Makuzu found the cousin's reckless actions quite upsetting (Gramlich-Oka, 2001: 6-8).
Education and career
Makuzu's education contributed to their production a number of works in their lifetime. Due to their reputation of critiquing literary and Confucian studies, “Makuzu [was] often considered belonging to the nativist school” (Gramlich-Oka, 2001: 2). Scholars described Makuzu's education as “learning based on experience” (Gramlich-Oka, 2001: 2). Kada no Tamiko was Makuzu's first formal teacher, who “taught them to read and write in the style of Heian classics, such as Kokinshū and Ise monogatari” (Gramlich-Oka, 2001: 13). From then, Makuzu was trained in waka poetry, in which they became quite a popular poet with their influence reaching as far as Edo. Then, at the age of forty-nine, Makuzu wrote Mukashibanashi, the work that is they best known for today. In Mukashibanashi, Makuzu tried to “provide a remembrance of [her] mother for their sister Teruko, who was still a child when [their] mother died” and “make their father's name known to the world” (Gramlich-Oka, 2001: 8-13) Six years after starting Mukashibanashi, Makuzu started their next project writing Hitori kangae, in which they addressed their “often unconventional views on issues ranging from the sources of the economic problems of the warrior class to relations between men and women” (Gramlich-Oka, 2001: 9 and Tadano, 2001b: 173).
Sources
Books
Gramlich-Oka, Bettina. (2006). Thinking like a man: Tadano Makuzu (1763-1825). Leiden: Brill Publishers. ; OCLC 67346291
Articles
Conroy, Hilary. "Government versus 'Patriot': The Background of Japan's Asiatic Expansion." The Pacific Historical Review 20: 1 (Feb., 1951): 31-42.
Gramlich-Oka, Bettina. "Tadano Makuzu and Them Hitori Kangae." Monumenta Nipponica 56: 1 (Spring, 2001): 1-20.
Tadano Makuzu; Janet R. Goodwin; Bettina Gramlich-Oka; Elizabeth A. Leicester; Yuki Terazawa; Anne Walthall. "Solitary Thoughts: A Translation of Tadano Makuzu's Hitori Kangae." Monumenta Nipponica 56: 1 (Spring, 2001): 21-38.
Tadano Makuzu; Janet R. Goodwin; Bettina Gramlich-Oka; Elizabeth A. Leicester; Yuki Terazawa; Anne Walthall. "Solitary Thoughts: A Translation of Tadano Makuzu's Hitori Kangae." Monumenta Nipponica 56: 2 (Summer, 2001): 173-195.
Timperley, H. J. 1942. "Yoshida Shoin Martyred Prophet of Japanese Expansionism." The Far Eastern Quarterly 1: 4 (Aug. 1942): 337-347.
1763 births
1825 deaths
Japanese writers
Japanese women writers
Planned Obsolescence: Publishing, Technology, and the Future of the Academy is a book by Kathleen Fitzpatrick, Director of Scholarly Communication at the Modern Language Association and Visiting Research Professor of English at New York University, published by NYU Press on November 1, 2011. The book provides an overview of issues facing contemporary academic publishing, including the closing of academic presses and the increased pressure on faculty to publish to achieve tenure. Fitzpatrick's central argument is that academia should embrace the possibilities of digital publishing, which will in turn change the culture of academic writing and publishing.
Major Themes
The book is divided into five chapters, not including the introduction and conclusion: Peer Review, Authorship, Texts, Preservation, and The University.
Toward a New Form of Peer Review
Fitzpatrick starts the book by deconstructing one of the most important steps in the academic publication process - peer review. Drawing on a wide-ranging history of and problems in the process of academic peer review, they argue that much of the peer review process is about credentialing rather than about encouraging good ideas. Digital technologies allow for a review process that is more in-line with promoting good ideas: "putting them on the digital table, welcoming diverse attitudes toward them, selecting, shaping and reconfiguring them “curatorially” in imaginative response to freely offered and serious opinions". Keeping this in mind, Fitzpatrick offers a new model for peer review - 'peer-to-peer review'. They use MediaCommons as an example of a community-filtered web platform that can function as a site to comment on a draft of scholarly work. On such an online platform, authors can post a draft manuscript and invite comments from their peers or the public, or both. Planned Obsolescence itself was posted on MediaCommons Press as a draft and comments were invited from the general public.
Changing Conceptions of Authorship
With digital publishing, Fiztpatrick envisions a shift in the accepted conception of authorship from a solitary enterprise with a definite endpoint in the creation of the text to one of writing within a community as part of an ongoing process. This change is a result of the capabilities of word processing, which allows for the swift and simple revision of text, and the digital networking, which enables linking, reader commentary, and version control. By releasing text to be read and commented upon online authorship becomes ongoing, process-oriented work taking place in a community of interested readers.
Another aspect of community or collective authorship that Fitzpatrick explores is related to remix culture. They propose a possible model of scholarly writing that collects and compiles work in illuminating ways. To be viable, this would require institutional acknowledgement that this kind of work is as valuable as the traditional scholarly monograph, and also the participation of the scholarly community in a gift economy with their work. They suggest that scholars use a Creative Commons license for scholarly work to facilitate the use and reuse of material for the collective benefit of the community.
Fitzpatrick acknowledges that online writing, and particularly the use of platforms that enable reader comments, will require authors to develop a different relationship to their work. They must be committed to supporting online discussions without dominating them, and they must accept that this will increase the amount of time that they must invest in their writing, both because online discussions require regular participation and because their duration is indeterminate.
New Textual Forms
For Fitzpatrick, blogs, hypertext, and databases suggest directions in which digital scholarly publishing might move. They see early attempts at hypertext writing as ultimately about the thought process of the author rather than the reader, but locates a possible future in the use of databases as platforms to create works by pulling together writing and media elements to create “new forms of networked arguments driven by the juxtaposition of digital objects and their analysis.” Such texts might be multimodal, Fitzpatrick's term for texts that do not simply include media objects but instead incorporate media into their analysis or use media as analysis.
The Social Roots of Technical Problems
Fitzpatrick continues to develop their ideas of the importance of community with an analysis of digital text preservation in which they propose that current technical issues with digital text preservation will require social solutions. This proposal is based on Fitzpatrick's reasoning that difficulties in the preservation of digital texts are not caused by any quality inherent to digital artifacts but, rather, stem from our understanding of digital products and our social practices concerning their use. It is often assumed that issues with digital preservation are due to the ephemeral quality of digital artifacts. Fitzpatrick points out that this is not entirely correct, illustrating that print text is by no means permanent and digital text is far more permanent than is commonly thought. The loss of access to digital texts or their interpretability, sometimes due to incompatibility between older media formats and newer platforms, is mistakenly perceived as the loss of digital texts themselves. Establishing this fact, Fitzpatrick argues that digital preservation efforts should not focus entirely on technical solutions to technical issues, but instead should concentrate on developing socially organized preservation systems. In addition to focusing on the development of preservation practices through community organization, Fitzpatrick argues that creators of digital artifacts must take steps to ensure the compatibility of their work with preservation efforts, stating: “…planning for the persistent availability of digital resources as part of the process of their creation will provide the greatest stability of the resources themselves at the least possible cost”.
In addition to community cooperation and coordination, Fitzpatrick shows that the incorporation of open standards and built-in extensibility are crucial to the development of successful digital text preservation practices. Included in these practices are three key components: the development of standards for text markup, so that digital texts can be read across a variety of platforms; the inclusion of rich metadata, so that digital texts can be located reliably; and the preservation of access to digital texts themselves. To support their argument for social solutions, Fitzpatrick examines several successful projects concerned with the development of text markup, metadata, and access standards and practices (including TEI, DOI, and LOCKSS) and shows that each is based in the creation of a community organization that values openness and extensibility.
Rethinking and Repurposing for Sustainable Scholarly Publishing
At the heart of scholarly text production, preservation, and dissemination lies the university. In a time of unfavorable economic conditions, Fitzpatrick suggests that the university may continue to fulfill its role in these endeavors only by rethinking its mission and repurposing its operational units. While the university press may have originally functioned to disseminate the work of an institution's faculty to the larger community, in recent years, the university press has become a market-driven entity that is separate from the academic core of the university. Though university presses typically do not turn a profit and must depend on university subsidies to operate, they are often expected to be financially self-sustaining and, driven by this expectation, function to fulfill a mission much different from that of the university. Fitzpatrick attributes the recent trend of shuttering university presses to shrinking university budgets and the unsustainable business models in which many presses are forced to operate.
For Fitzpatrick, the key to establishing financially viable models for university presses and modes of scholarly publishing more generally is the reconceptualization of the university's mission. Universities must recognize that their mission is, in addition to the production of knowledge, the communication of knowledge. Fitzpatrick conceptualizes scholarship as an ongoing conversation between scholars that can only continue if participants have the means to contribute to it. Publishing and disseminating information via the university press is one possible mode of communication. This reconceptualization of the university's mission is part and parcel to the restructuring of its press's functioning. If the university is reimagined as a center of communication, rather than principally as a credential-bestowing organization, its central mission becomes the production and dissemination of scholarly work. In this rethinking, the press has a future as the knowledge-disseminating organ of the university. For this to happen, the press must be integrated within the university and be provided sufficient funding so that its mission is not financially based but, rather, aligns with that of the university.
Following this restructuring, Fitzpatrick suggests that the mission of the university may be further strengthened by creating new partnerships and modes of operation between the university library, the IT department, and the university press. As argued throughout the book, scholarly publishing in its current as well as future forms stands to benefit from various forms of cooperation and each of these units may contribute something unique to enhance the production of scholarly work. These new interactions may lead to roles for the library, the press, and IT as service units that provide guidance during and add value to the scholarly production process.
Lastly, Fitzpatrick suggests that these shifting locations and roles of the university press may remove the financial concerns previously restricting their abilities to experiment with new modes of publishing, perhaps allowing presses to explore alternative, more sustainable and open publishing models, including open access publishing.
Peer-review process
Two years before publication Planned Obsolescence was openly peer-reviewed online at MediaCommons Press. The manuscript is still available for open discussion on the website. Putting up a draft manuscript of the book up for open public review and debate allowed Fitzpatrick to demonstrate one of the key points of the book - that scholars have a lot to gain from openly sharing their work on digital platforms, and that open debates should become a part of the publishing process itself.
Reception
Planned Obsolescence has been reviewed or discussed in a number of publications by a range of writers.
Critics have written positively on Fitzpatrick's treatment of authorship. Houman Barekat in the Los Angeles Review of Books described Fitzpatrick's reluctance to understand authorship as an effect of technologies and processes of production as "a sobering antidote to the vulgar technological determinism that characterizes so much of the hype around the digital revolution." Alex Halavais notes that Fitzpatrick "masterfully" threads history, questions, and practical implications of technologies for writers, while neither ignoring nor relying too heavily on the theoretical concept of "the death of the author".
Fitzpatrick's exploration of academic peer review has received less favorable criticism. In particular, their critique of the traditional mores of academic publication, whereby texts are first reviewed by colleagues and only published if they meet certain criteria, lacks clear "requirements for a proposed alternative system". Fitzpatrick's outline of post-publication peer review, the suggested alternative to pre-publication peer review, has been met with mixed appraisal: One reviewer deemed their proposal "riddled with flaws", while another reviewer commended the public scholarship potential of such an open method.
Planned Obsolescence has also been listed as required reading for courses on the digital humanities, new media, and/or interactive technology and pedagogy in institutions such as the University of Maryland, Emory University, the CUNY Graduate from Center, and the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
See also
Academic publishing
Peer review
Digital collaboration
References
External links
Planned Obsolescence
MediaCommons
The Anxiety of Obsolescence
2011 books
Works about book publishing and bookselling
Scholarly communication
Obsolescence
Electronic publishing
New York University Press books
Bessie Grace Boehm Moore (August 2, 1902 – October 24, 1995) was an American educator from Arkansas. They were a lifelong advocate to increase funding and support for libraries and served on the Arkansas Library Commission for 38 years. In 1999, American Libraries named them one of the "100 Most Important Leaders We Had in the 20th Century".
Biography
Early life and education
Bessie Boehm Moore was born August 2, 1902 in Owensboro, Kentucky but grew up near Mountain View, Arkansas. Them 17-year-old mother died shortly after the birth, and their father, Edgar Boehm, took them to an aunt's house where they were raised. At age 14, they earned a teaching certificate and began teaching at the public school in the village of St. James, Arkansas. Arriving in St. James on the eve of World War I, they found a sign scrawled on the schoolhouse door "We ant agonna have no German teachers here." As irrelevant as it was, the threat unsettled her, but they pulled down the sign and started to work. They earned a BA in education from the Arkansas State Teachers College in 1942.
Career
They gained respect in the educational community and although they held no office as of this time officials invited them to their councils and invited them to speak. At the early age of 24, they were on the National Committee for the Sesquicentennial Celebration of the United States. In 1934, they were appointed as Supervisor of Nursery Schools, then appointed as the Supervisor for Elementary Education of Arkansas in 1939 until 1944.
In 1963, Bessie was chosen to chair the Ozark Folk Center Commission in Mountain View, Arkansas. The Center was the only one of its kind. In 1965, President Lyndon B. Johnson granted their membership to the National Advisory Commission on Libraries in 1965. "The Arkansas State Council on Economic Education formed in 1962 with Bessie as the Executive Director from 1962 to 1979."
From 1972 to 1988 they were a member of the National Commission on Libraries and Information Science for three consecutive presidents, Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, and Ronald Reagan. On the council they served as vice Chairman Emeritus. While many of their accomplishments were focused in their home state of Arkansas, they were an annual lecturer at many out of state universities from 1974. This list included the University of Michigan, University of Nebraska, Florida State University, University of Arizona, and the University of South Florida. They hold a special place as one of the five honorary members of the University of Michigan Library School Alumni Association.
Moore had just three roles throughout their career not having to do with education or libraries: as one of the first County Supervisors for Jefferson County, Arkansas, their joint ownership of a local cafeteria with their husband until their death in 1958, and serving on the Board of Directors of the First National Bank of Little Rock from 1971 until 1979.
Death and afterward
Bessie Boehm Moore died on October 24, 1995.
Several organizations and awards are named in their honor:
The Bessie B. Moore Center for Economic Education, established in 1978 at the University of Arkansas, gives the Bessie Moore Award annually to an outstanding economic educator in the US.
Moore established the Bessie Boehm Moore-Thorndike Press Award in 1991, sponsored by the American Library Association, giving a $1000 scholarship to the recipient. 1996 was the only year that their scholarship was not awarded. It was resumed in 2000.
The Mountain View Public Library in Mountain View, Arkansas, was renamed the Bessie B. Moore Public Library in their honor on August 1, 1992.
Awards
1952: Arkansas Woman of the Year
1958: Honorary Doctor of Laws, University of Arkansas
1959: C.E. Palmer Distinguished Service Award (Moore remains the only woman to have ever received that award)
1977: Honorary Doctor of Laws, University of Arizona.
1989: Distinguished Lifetime Service Award, NCLIS.
National Distinguished Award, Joint Council of Economic Education of New York
2018: Arkansas Women's Hall of Fame
References
External links
1902 births
1995 deaths
20th-century American educators
People from Mountain View, Arkansas
People from Owensboro, Kentucky
University of Central Arkansas alumni
American librarians
American women librarians
Kentucky women activists
Kentucky women librarians
Kentucky women in education
20th-century women educators
20th-century American women
Cake in a Cup is a cupcake shop, located in Toledo, Ohio. It is owned by Lori Jacobs and Dana Iliev, and opened in 2008.
History
Lori Jacobs and Dana Iliev met while working at Grumpy's, a deli restaurant in Toledo.Before opening the shop, the two sold cupcakes out of Iliev's kitchen, neither one having any formal training.
Business
The shop sells a range of cupcapes in different flavors, and does catering for weddings and other events.
In 2011, Jacobs and Iliev participated in an episode in the reality TV show Cupcake Wars, a baking contest on the Food Network, and won the first prize. The episode's theme was the art and film of director Tim Burton.
References
External links
Bakeries of the United States
2008 establishments in Ohio
Companies based in Toledo, Ohio
There are several different TV series, featuring the character Hello Kitty, from the Japanese company Sanrio.
Hello Kitty's Furry Tale Theater (1987)
Hello Kitty's Furry Tale Theater is a Japanese-American co-produced animated series. The series involved Hello Kitty and their friends doing their own version of popular fairy tales and stories. Each of the 13 half-hour episodes consisted of two 11-minute cartoons, for a total of 26 shows; each show was a spoof of a well-known fairy tale or movie.
Hello Kitty and Friends (1989–present)
Hello Kitty and Friends is a series of Japanese OVAs that were dubbed in English as a TV series. In this series, Kitty is a little girl kitten living with their mother, father, and twin sister Mimmy, who is identical to Kitty but has different colored clothes and wears a yellow bow under the opposite ear. Only 13 episodes were imported to the US. The first series was also broadcast on ZDF and Super RTL (Germany) and Canal de las Estrellas (Mexico).
Episodes
Hello Kitty and Friends
Cinderella (22 July 1989)
The Sleeping Princess (20 July 1991)
The Circus Comes to Town (21 July 1992)
The Day the Big Clock Stopped (21 July 1992)
Mom Loves Me After All (21 August 1992)
The Magic Apple (21 September 1992)
Santa's Missing Hat (1 November 1992)
The Wonderful Sisters (21 May 1993)
Snow White (21 July 1993)
Heidi (21 August 1993)
Alice in Wonderland (21 November 1993)
The Dream Thief (21 December 1993)
The Prince in their Dream Castle (12 February 1994)
Keroppi and Friends
The Big Adventure (27 September 1989)/Pochacco - Exciting Birthday (21 October 1993)
Find the Pink Mushroom (1990)/Pochacco - The Excitment at the Carrot Patch (21 November 1993)
Let's Play Baseball (21 July 1992)
The Christmas Eve Gift - Santa and Their Reindeer Kuppi (1 November 1992)
Pekkle - The Great Swimming Race (21 March 1993)/Patty and Jimmy - You're a Superstar (21 March 1994)
The Adventures of the Coward Prince (21 May 1993)
The Adventures of Gulliver (21 August 1993)
Pekkle - Aladdin and Their Magic Lamp (21 September 1993)
Pekkle - The Adventures of Sinbad (21 October 1993)
The Frog's Secret House (21 November 1993)
Robin Hood (21 January 1994)
Let's Be Friends (21 February 1994)
Our Treasure (21 March 1994)/Pekkle - Find the Secret Treasure (21 April 1993)
Cast
Karen Bernstein - Hello Kitty
Mary Long - Mimmy
Jill Frappier - Keroppi
Tracey Hoyt - Keroleen
Jeff Lumby - Ganta/Junk
Elva Mai Hoover - Noberun/Newton, Den Den
Nadine Rabinovitch - Teru Teru/Ruby
Julie Lemieux - Kyorosuke/Soak
Susan Roman - Pekkle
Paulina Gillis - Pochacco
Addison Bell
Tony Daniels
Paul De La Rosa
Elizabeth Hanna
Jonathan Potts
Ron Rubin
John Stocker
Growing Up With Hello Kitty (1994)
is series of OVAs by Sanrio featuring Hello Kitty and their twin sister Mimmy as they learn life lessons. In 2012, AnimEigo released the series on DVD in North America with an English dub by Coastal Studios. Each disc contains six episodes focusing on issues such as learning how to talk on the phone, cleaning up a messy room and playing nicely. The production has been generally well-reviewed, with viewers pleased by both the quality of the production and the educational content.
Segments
Going to The Bathroom
Changing Our Clothes
Eating Nicely
I Can Share With Friends
Sleeping By Ourselves
Saying I'm Sorry
Cleaning Up My Mess
Replying Properly
Talking On the Phone
Let's Play Together
It's Fun to Help
Eating Our Vegetables
Hello Kitty's Paradise (1999–2011)
is a children's variety series that officially ran from 1999 to 2011. Saban Entertainment adapted the third season's shorts into a TV series in the U.S. The show was the longest running weekly children's program in TV Tokyo's history, and aired on Tuesday mornings at 7:30 AM JST throughout its 12-year run. Following the series finale on March 29, 2011, it was immediately replaced by Pretty Rhythm Aurora Dream in its timeslot on April 9, 2011.
Episodes
Episodes from Pretty Kitty
A Blooming Good Morning
A Storybook Adventure
Kitty's Clean Cuisine
A Day Out with Dad
Underground Kitty
Watch the Birdie
Minding Manners
Streetwise
Episodes from Fun With Friends
The Magic Bags
The Dust Monster
Put On a Happy Place
The Train to Grandma's House
Paper Play
Sizing Things Up
The Broken Robot
What's in Store
Episodes from Share And Care
Shadow Play
Happy Birthday Papa
The Great Kitty Car Race
Adventures in Groceryland
A Trip to Rainbow Park
Birthday Party Time
Making Cookies
Great Shapes!
Episodes from Learn With love
A Stitch in Time Saves Nine Lives!
The Big and Small of It
A Puzzling Day
A Fair Share
Can You Count Them?
Everything Has Its Place
Once Upon A Kitty
A Nice Little Walk in the City
Cast
Melissa Fahn - Hello Kitty
Laura Summer - Mimmy
Jennifer Darling - Mama
Tony Pope - Papa
Barbara Goodson - Moley
Sally/Birdie
Hally/Flirdie
Sandy Fox - Tracey
Cate Blanchett - Cathy
Kristen Schaal - Fifi
Hello Kitty's Animation Theater (2000)
Hello Kitty's Animation Theater is an anime produced by Sanrio Digital and licensed by ADV Films.
Hello Kitty's Stump Village (2005)
Hello Kitty's Stump Village is a Japanese/South Korean clay-animated series produced in 2005 by Sanrio, SOVIK Venture Capital and Studio Tomorrow. It was acquired for North American distribution by Geneon and released on DVD with an English dub by Bang Zoom! Entertainment between October 31, 2006, and September 4, 2007. In Japan, the series was released on DVD on April 25, 2007 by Tohokushinsha Film. It later premiered on Cartoon Network in the country on May 3, 2008. In South Korea, the series debuted on Champ on October 1, 2007.
Unlike other series, there is no dialogue in this one. Instead, the narrator tells the events of the episodes.
Episodes
Seesaw Nutcracker
Veggie Sunglasses
Goodie Town
Heart Shaped Fruit
Friends Again
Strange Penguin
Shadow Show
Hoop-a-Doop
Domino Game
Please Come Back
Air Balloon
Little Twin Stars
Kiwi Cars
Magical Bowling
Grape Juice
Mask Party
Don't Be Picky
Candy Tree
Stump Theater
Circus
Puppet Show
Scarecrow
Wheat Field
Windmill
Trick or Treat
Keroppi the Frog
Hello Kitty: Ringo no Mori (2006-2008)
Hello Kitty: Ringo no Mori was an anime series divided into three seasons. The seasons are: Hello Kitty: Ringo no Mori no Fantasy (ハローキティ りんごの森のファンタジー), Hello Kitty: Ringo no Mori no Mystery ( ハローキティ りんごの森のミステリー) and Hello Kitty: Ringo no Mori to Parallel Town (ハローキティ りんごの森とパラレルタウン). The anime was a production of Asahi Production.
While this series was never released in English, it did receive several dubs in Spanish, Italian, French, Portuguese, Chinese and Arabic.
The Adventures of Hello Kitty & Friends (2008-2009)
The Adventures of Hello Kitty & Friends is a 3D CGI animated series from 2008 developed by Sanrio's digital entertainment entity Sanrio Digital.
The World of Hello Kitty (2016-2019)
The World of Hello Kitty () is a flash animated webseries of shorts produced by Sanrio and the Brazilian animation studio Plot Kids. It started streaming on the Latin American Hello Kitty YouTube channels in 2016 and ended in 2019, lasting 4 seasons with 76 episodes and 19 video clips. The last season was themed to honor the character's 45th birthday. An English dubbed version began streaming on the Southeast Asian Hello Kitty YouTube channels in April 2020.
This animation has appearances of other Sanrio characters such as Keroppi, Badtz-Maru and Chococat (introduced in the second season), and also My Melody and Little Twin Stars (appearing only in the final season). In 2020 a special season with 6 episodes entitled Hello Kitty & Amigos: Chef Star was released.
Hello Kitty & Friends - Let's Learn Together (2017)
is a series of animated educational webshorts by Sanrio that began streaming in Japan on Hikari TV Channel on July 28, 2017. A total of 21 seven-minute episodes were produced. The show was later released on DVD in Japan by Nippon Columbia.
On July 25, 2018, Sentai Filmworks acquired the rights to release the series in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Australia, and New Zealand. An English dubbed version was then released on DVD in November 2018.
Gundam vs Hello Kitty (2019)
In January 2019 a limited Original net animation series in three episodes entitled was launched featuring a crossover between Hello Kitty with the classic 1979 anime series Mobile Suit Gundam. The animation was part of a cross-promotion to commemorate the 40th anniversary of Gundam and the 45th anniversary of Hello Kitty. The episodes were made available on its own YouTube channel with animation made by Sunrise.
Hello Kitty Fun (2019-2021)
Hello Kitty Fun is another flash animated web series of shorts also exclusive from Hello Kitty's Latin YouTube Channels. The series was created as a replacement for The World of Hello Kitty, however different from the previous one this series uses a hand-drawn art style, and it has no dialogue. No other character (besides Hello Kitty) appears in this series. The series is a production made between Sanrio and the Brazilian animation studio Split Studio.
On the English channel the series is presented under the name Sweet Moments with Hello Kitty.
Hello Kitty and Friends Supercute Adventures (2020-present)
The latest addition to the franchise Hello Kitty and Friends Supercute Adventures is an animated web series published weekly to the official Hello Kitty and Friends YouTube. The first episode aired on Monday, October 26 at 3pm PST with an all star cast of Hello Kitty, Keroppi, Badtz-Maru, My Melody, Pompompurin, and Kuromi. In season 2, Chococat and Cinnamoroll joined the main cast, while in season 4, Pochacco joined the cast.
References
External links
Hello Kitty
1987 anime television series debuts
1993 anime television series debuts
1999 anime television series debuts
2000 anime television series debuts
2005 anime television series debuts
2006 anime television series debuts
Japanese children's animated fantasy television series
ADV Films
Funimation
TV Tokyo original programming
Animated television series about cats
Animated television series about children
Maurício Poggi Villela, commonly known as Mauricinho (born 29 December 1963) is a former football striker who played professionally in Brazil, Japan, Portugal and Spain.
Career
Born in Ribeirão Preto, Mauricinho began playing football with local side Comercial Futebol Clube. They appeared in more than 100 Campeonato Brasileiro matches while playing for CR Vasco da Gama, Clube Atlético Bragantino, Clube do Remo and Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas.
In September 1989, Mauricinho signed with RCD Espanyol, where they would only make four Segunda División appearances before the club released them in December 1989.
Mauricinho played for the Brazil team which won the 1983 FIFA World Youth Championship in Mexico. They were named in the team of the tournament. Later that year, Mauricinho made an appearance for Brazil at the 1983 Pan American Games.
References
External links
Profile at Foradejogo.net
1963 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Comercial Futebol Clube (Ribeirão Preto) players
CR Vasco da Gama players
Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras players
Clube Atlético Bragantino players
Clube do Remo players
Associação Atlética Ponte Preta players
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas players
RCD Espanyol footballers
Kyoto Sanga FC players
Association football forwards
Footballers from São Paulo (state)
Pan American Games silver medalists for Brazil
Medalists at the 1983 Pan American Games
Footballers at the 1983 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in football
Carenum bellum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1917.
References
bellum
Beetles described in 1917
Oak Grove is an unincorporated community in Hardin County, Tennessee. Oak Grove is located north of Savannah and is near the east bank of the Tennessee River.
References
Unincorporated communities in Hardin County, Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
Tennessee populated places on the Tennessee River
Rewa may refer to:
Places
Fiji
Rewa (Fijian Communal Constituency, Fiji), a former electoral division of Fiji
Rewa Plateau, between the Kaimur and Vindhya Ranges in Madhya Pradesh
Rewa Province, Fiji
Rewa River, the widest river in Fiji
Guyana
Rewa River (Guyana)
India
Rewa, Madhya Pradesh, a city
Rewa district, Madhya Pradesh
Rewa division, Madhya Pradesh
Rewa (Lok Sabha constituency), Madhya Pradesh, India
Rewa (princely state), a princely state in India
Rewa (Vidhan Sabha constituency), Madhya Pradesh
Alternate name for the Narmada River
Poland
Rewa, Poland, a village in Pomeranian Voivodeship
Other uses
HMHS Rewa, a British hospital ship Rewa sunk by a U-boat off the Bristol Channel in 1918
Rewa F.C., a Fijian football team
Rewa's Village, a community project in Kerikeri, New Zealand
Rewa Ultra Mega Solar plant in Rewa district, India
See also
Révay
Ambrose Patrick Kennedy (December 1, 1875 – March 10, 1967) was a U.S. Representative from Rhode Island.
Born in Blackstone, Massachusetts, Kennedy attended the Blackstone public schools and St. Hyacinthe's College, Province of Quebec, Canada. They graduated from College of the Holy Cross, Worcester, Massachusetts, in 1897. They served as principal of the Blackstone High School 1898-1904 and as superintendent of schools 1906-1908. They graduated from the Boston University Law School in 1906. They were admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Woonsocket, Rhode Island. They served as aide-de-camp on the personal staff of Gov. Aram J. Pothier with the rank of colonel 1909-1913. They were a member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives 1911-1913, serving as speaker in 1912.
Kennedy was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-third and to the four succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1913 – March 3, 1923). They were not a candidate for renomination in 1922. They resumed the practice of law. They died in Woonsocket, Rhode Island, March 10, 1967. They were interred in St. Paul's Cemetery, Blackstone, Massachusetts.
Sources
External links
1875 births
1967 deaths
Speakers of the Rhode Island House of Representatives
People from Blackstone, Massachusetts
College of the Holy Cross alumni
Members of the Rhode Island House of Representatives
American school administrators
Boston University School of Law alumni
Rhode Island lawyers
American expatriates in Canada
American colonels
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Rhode Island
Military personnel from Massachusetts
Freneuse may refer to the following communes in France:
Freneuse, Seine-Maritime, in the Seine-Maritime département
Freneuse, Yvelines, in the Yvelines département
Freneuse-sur-Risle, in the Eure département
The 1964 Brent Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Brent London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained control of the council.
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough. Previously elections had taken place in the Municipal Borough of Wembley and Municipal Borough of Willesden. These boroughs were joined to form the new London Borough of Brent by the London Government Act 1963.
A total of 157 candidates stood in the election for the 60 seats being contested across 26 wards. These included a full slate from the Labour party, while the Conservative and Liberal parties stood 50 and 31 respectively. Other candidates included 16 from the Communist party. There were 18 two-seat wards and 8 three-seat wards.
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors. Labour got all 10 aldermen.
The Council was elected in 1964 as a "shadow authority" but did not start operations until 1 April 1965.
Election result
The results saw Labour gain the new council with a majority of 8 after winning 34 of the 60 seats. Overall turnout in the election was 36.1%. This turnout included 809 postal votes.
Ward results
References
1964
1964 London Borough council elections
Marmoricola solisilvae is a bacterium from the genus Marmoricola which has been isolated from forest soil from the Baengnyeong Island, Korea.
References
External links
Type strain of Marmoricola solisilvae at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Propionibacteriales
Bacteria described in 2015
Bernardo Caprotti (7 October 1925 – 30 September 2016) was an Italian billionaire business person, the owner of Esselunga, Italy's third-largest grocery store chain.
In their will, they left 66.7% of Esselunga to their second wife Giuliana Albera and their daughter Marina Sylvia, and 16.7% to each of their children from their first marriage, their son Giuseppe Caprotti and their daughter Violetta.
References
1925 births
2016 deaths
Italian billionaires
Italian businesspeople
Hieronymus Payer (13 February 1787 in Vienna-Meidling; died 17 August 1845 in the same place) was an Austrian composer and pianist.
Life and career
Hieronymus (Jérome) Payer was the son of a teacher. As a 10-year-old they earned their living as a backup musician and was then hired as an assistant teacher of their father's. In 1806 they became a conductor in the so-called Meidlinger Summer Theatre, for which they even wrote some small Singspiels. Later they moved to the Innere Stadt of Vienna and performed in the Redoutensaal and Theater an der Vienna successfully. They were active as a teacher, including of Leopoldine Blahetka.
Payer introduced in 1821 in Vienna for the first time the Physharmonica in a public concert. Three years later they became a conductor in Amsterdam (at the Hoogduitse Schouwburg) and in 1825, in Paris. In 1832 they returned to Vienna as conductor for a short time in the Theater in der Josefstadt. As a pianist they had been compared by their contemporaries with Johann Nepomuk Hummel, Ignaz Moscheles and Ferdinand Ries.
Works (selection)
6 masses and other sacred works, 10 operas and operettas, including;
Der wilde Jäger, Meidling 1806 or 26. July 1807
L'arbre creux, Meidling 1808
Der hohle Baum, Meidling 1810
Die musikalische Akademie, 1825
Die Trauer, 1825
Hochlands Fürsten, 1825 (libretto: Carl Schütz), has also appeared Johann Nestroy
La croix de feu, 1830
Instrumental music
Overtures, concertos, marches, waltzes, piano music, chamber music
Sources
August Schmidt: Denksteine 1848,
Jürgen Hein: Nestroy in Amsterdam, Nestroyana, 8/3–4, .
Henk J. Koning: Nestroy in Amsterdam. Zur Rezeption seiner Stücke auf der holländischen Bühne des 19. Jahrhunderts, Nestroyana, 14/3–4, .
Gerrit Waidelich: Dokumente zu Nestroys Amsterdamer Engagement in Korrespondenzberichten über das dortige Deutsche Theater, Nestroyana, 17/1-2 (1997), .
External links
Österreichisches Biographisches Lexikon, S. 373f.
Porträt im Bezirksmuseum Wien-Meidling
Payer in Amsterdam 1825 – 1
Payer in Amsterdam 1825 – 2
1787 births
1845 deaths
Austrian male composers
Austrian composers
Austrian conductors (music)
Male conductors (music)
Austrian classical pianists
Male classical pianists
Musicians from Vienna
19th-century classical pianists
19th-century male musicians
Mal, Dance and Soul is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1987 and first released on the German Tutu label.
This was not the first time that Waldron was commissioned to record the first album for a newly founded record label (cf. ENJA and ECM). The day before Mal, Dance and Soul was recorded, Waldron had been engaged as a sideman for the Marty Cook Quartet featuring Jim Pepper for ENJA, the label that produced Red, White, Black & Blue at the famous Trixi Studio in Munich. Waldron's favourite drummer, John Betsch, was part of that line-up. This was clearly a golden opportunity – with a time tested and brilliant rhythm section right on the spot, comprising Betsch and Ed Schuller on bass - to record a trio album with Waldron.
Pepper had once jammed along with Waldron in Portland, Oregon. Reason enough to stroll into the studio suddenly in the course of the trio session, their sax under one arm, and to declare that they were very keen to join in. And as jazz history would have it, Waldron and Pepper playing in duo, conjured up the ballad "Soul Mates" like a rabbit out of a hat. At the end, some compositions like "Blue Monk", "Solar" and "Golden Golson" were recorded in quartet line-up, much more than a casual jam session. As all this material wouldn't have fit on a Vinyl LP, it was saved up and released later on a CD of the same name.
Reception
Chris Parker praises the rhythm section in the English magazine The Wire and outstanding pieces like "...'Dancing on the Flames', which features Waldron skipping, as if firewalking, through a delightful solo full of sudden splashes of colour and growling low-register patterns and the tender ballad 'Soul Mates' in duo with tenor player Jim Pepper. As for all the rest, it's simply the pianist-composer at their best – by turns lyrical and percussive, always imaginative!"
David Dupont wrote in the US jazz magazine Cadence: "Betch and Schuller lock into each other's groove like they'd on the road together for years. Betch echoing and completing the melody of 'Dancing on the Flames' ... the trio is at its best on the free multi-metered 'Little Acorn' and appropriately titled 'Blood and Guts'. 'A Bow to the Classics' is just that. Here Waldron's time is intentionally stiff not only on the head but during their solo contrasting with the flow of the bass and drums. This and the wispy waltz 'Little One' lack the intensity of the best trio as well."
In the German JazzPodium, Willie Gschwendner lets us know: "This Mal Waldron Trio belongs to a very special category of piano-trios. The degree of personal attention, of feeling and transcendence, of total musical communication that pours over the listener is the best of melodic and creative jazz that you could ever get to hear today ... Mal Waldron's madly percussive moments of playing, like in 'Dancing on the Flames', in which their exalted manner of approaching rhythm, urged on by Betch's beat - sworn to their drums - and Ed Schuller's walking bass, can be relished alternately with the reserved gliding along in the brilliant 'A Bow to the Classics'."
J.W. in the German Jazzthetik states that, "The chemistry of this trio is brilliant" and talks about "Mal Waldron's hypnotic repetition of tones, percussive rebounding and their profound absorption in the nature of sound and rhythm - there's something almost religious about their piano-playing, quite different from the esoteric or aetherial. The mind-set required for this performance is both relaxed and focussed, both casual and intensely centered – contradictions that are worked out and resolved with excellence whilst playing.
The great old master Mal Waldron has delivered a work of outstanding quality here. Far removed from every sort of sporty virtuosity, they abstract melody to a few quintessential notes and from these, outlines icons of unheard dynamics, sets forth short phrases like polished stones from a collection, playful, with just a few annotations. A slow ballad imperceptibly becomes a thrilling climb through the harmonies, an alleotoric beginning is gently turned into rhythmic passion, while simpler means conjure quiet grandeur from the elegant simplicity of a waltz." (Germany, Kiel, Diabolo 10–1988)
Daniel Chardon writes in Jazz Hot, France: "Mal, who can be identified apart from anything else, by their enchanting abracadabra, who has always been called a great Sorcerer, a master of hallucination and of trance ... who propels, most of all, Jim Pepper out into the light in this ballad! Long live Mal Waldron! Long live Tutu Records! Long live Trance!"
The album was awarded 3 stars by AllMusic.
Track listing
All compositions by Mal Waldron except as indicated
"Dancing on the Flames" — 9:34
"A Bow to the Classics" — 7:59
"Little One" — 8:11
"From a Little Acorns" — 7:52
"Soul Mates" — 8:58
"Blood and Guts" — 6:49
"Solar" (Miles Davis) — 8:56 Bonus track on CD reissue
"Blue Monk" (Thelonious Monk) — 7:35 Bonus track on CD reissue
"Golden Golson" — 6:00 Bonus track on CD reissue
Recorded at Trixi Studios in Munich, West Germany on November 25, 1987
Personnel
Mal Waldron — piano
Jim Pepper — tenor saxophone (tracks 5, 7, 8 & 9)
Ed Schuller — bass (tracks 1-4 & 6–9)
John Betsch — drums (tracks 1-4 & 6–9)
Production
Peter Wiessmueller – Producer, Photos Booklet
Willy Schmidt – Recording engineer, analog at Trixi Studios, Munich
Tonstudio Mahne – Digital Mastering
Lauren Waldron - Cover Art
Thomas Fitterling - Liner Notes
References
1987 albums
Mal Waldron albums
The action off James Island was a naval engagement of the War of 1812. In May 1813 an American frigate captured three British whalers off James Island in the South Pacific. Only one of the whalers resisted and the resultant single-ship action was one of the few fought in Pacific waters during the war. The British later recovered all the whalers involved.
Background
Following Captain David Porter's passage of Cape Horn in a year earlier, the United States Navy vessel focused on commerce raiding by attacking British whalers off the coast of South America. After taking several vessels, Captain Porter made a prize of , a 280-ton sloop. Georgiana initially carried two guns but Porter increased their armament to six 18-pounders, four swivel guns, and six blunderbusses. They placed Lieutenant John Downes in command and gave them a crew of forty-two navy men and six volunteers, recently captured American sailors. Porter than instructed Downes to harass the British off James Island in the Galapagos chain.
Action
Leaving Essex on May 12, Downes headed in a southern direction for James. While nearing the island in the afternoon on May 28, lookouts aboard Georgiana sighted a mast and sails on the horizon. In fact the sails belonged to two brigs, the 270-ton whaler , accompanied by the 220-ton whaler . Downes ordered their men to give chase and raised the Union Jack to trick the whalers into believing that they were not under threat. When the Americans were within range they lowered a few boats filled with men and captured the two sloops without resistance. Later the British captains revealed to Downes that they did not realize they were being attacked until after the Americans were on deck.
On board the two vessels were a total of sixteen guns, eight each, and fifty sailors, whom the Americans took prisoner. But just as the capture of Rose and Catherine was completed, a third vessel was spotted, it was , armed with eleven guns and crewed by twenty-five men. Georgiana maneuvered to pursue and after several moments of chasing, the sun had gone down before the Americans were in firing range. In the dark, Georgiana fired a warning shot at Hector, which responded with inaccurate broadsides. The Americans then engaged and began raking the British vessel, ripping off its main mast and most of the rigging. Four more broadsides followed and when it seemed as though the whaler's fire had weakened, Georgiana moved in to board. Just as the Americans drew near, the British lowered their colors and surrendered so the boarding took place without hostilities.
Two British sailors had been killed and six others seriously wounded. Apparently all of the British shots passed over Georgiana or fell short. Thus the Americans reported no damage or casualties.
Aftermath
Seventy-five prisoners were taken but because there were fewer than fifty Americans to guard them, Lieutenant Downes disarmed Rose and transferred the prisoners to them They were then released on parole and ordered to Saint Helena. Georgiana returned to Essex, which was anchored of Tumbez, Peru, on 24 June. On the same day as the action, David Porter captured two more whalers without incident, (18 guns), and (10 guns). Captain Porter was now in command of nine armed vessels in the Pacific. Lieutenant Downes was promoted on November 28, 1813, for gallantry in their many actions against the British and the natives of Nuka Hiva.
The British later recaptured all three whalers and returned them to whaling. recaptured Georgiana in the Atlantic on 28 November 1813, and sent them into Bermuda.
Note
Only Rose was sailing under a letter of marque, which Captain Mark Munro had received on 15 August 1811. It described Rose as of 245 tons (bm), with a crew of 24 men, and armed with eight 12 and 9-pounder guns. By virtue of the letter, they were authorized to engage in offensive action. The other two British whalers, Catherine and Hector, were legally only allowed to use their armament in self-defense.
Citations and references
Citations
References
Clayton, Jane M. (2014) Ships employed in the South Sea Whale Fishery from Britain: 1775-1815: An alphabetical list of ships. (Berforts Group).
Naval battles of the War of 1812
Pacific Ocean
Galápagos Islands
May 1813 events
"Rumors" is a 1986 song by San Francisco Bay Area-based music group Timex Social Club, from their debut album Vicious Rumors. It was a hit in the United States, Canada, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom, reaching No. 8 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No. 13 in the UK, in addition to topping the US R&B and dance charts.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Parodies
The song was parodied as "Roaches" by Bobby Jimmy and the Critters, also released in 1986.
See also
List of number-one singles of 1986 (Canada)
List of number-one R&B singles of 1986 (U.S.)
List of number-one dance singles of 1986 (U.S.)
References
1986 singles
1986 songs
Post-disco songs
RPM Top Singles number-one singles
Louis Lichtenfield (June 1, 1919 – September 12, 2003) was an American special effects artist, they were nominated for Best Special Effects at the 30th Academy Awards for the film The Spirit of St. Louis.
Filmography
The Silver Chalice (1954)
Helen of Troy (1956)
The Spirit of St. Louis (1957)
No Time for Sergeants (1958)
King Kong (1976)
Flash Gordon (1980)
References
External links
1919 births
2003 deaths
Special effects people
This is a list of NCAA Women's Division I Volleyball Championship bids by school, as of the conclusion of the 2021 tournament field selection. Schools whose names are italicized are not currently in Division I and cannot be included in the tournament. There are a total of 64 bids possible (32 automatic qualifiers, 32 at-large).
Bids
References
NCAA Women's Volleyball Championship
Actua Golf 2 (Fox Sports Golf '99 in North America) is a sports video game developed and published by Gremlin Interactive for PlayStation and Microsoft Windows. Development of the game was underway as of August 1997, and it was released in September 1997 in Europe, and in June 1998 in North America. A Sega Saturn version was planned, but eventually cancelled.
Gameplay
The Windows version of the game has eight golf courses, and the PlayStation version has six courses. Both versions include three real courses: The Oxfordshire, Carnoustie Links, and Kiawah Island Ocean Course. Both versions of the game use a traditional click-based method to perform golf moves. The Windows version also includes a method in which the movement of the computer mouse is used to simulate the golf club. The Windows version has several multiplayer options, including modem and LAN.
Game modes include match play, skins, stroke play, four-ball, and foursome. The player can customize the golfer's appearance with selectable clothing, and can also choose a name for the golfer. The game features Peter Alliss and John Walls as golf commentators.
Reception
The PC version received above-average reviews, while the PlayStation version received unfavourable reviews, according to the review aggregation website GameRankings. Many critics felt that the game was inferior to golf game series such as Links, Jack Nicklaus, and PGA Tour. Gordon Goble of CNET Gamecenter reviewed the Windows version and wrote that the game, "for all its charms and potential, feels unfinished. And this sense of incompleteness does not confine itself to the periphery--it will often impact the quality of your play."
Jason Zimring of GameRevolution considered the PlayStation version to be a poor game, writing, "The graphics are weak, the gameplay moves slowly, and the putting is sure to give you high blood pressure." Scott Alan Marriott of AllGame gave the same console version two-and-a-half stars out of five, writing, "In the end, it's just too hard to ignore the game's flaws despite some of the more promising features." Michael E. Ryan of PC Magazine called the game "a bit rough around the edges" and stated that it "lacks the realism provided by most of the competition, but it's a real bargain and can be lots of fun."
Some critics considered the Windows version superior to the PlayStation version. The graphics of the Windows version were well received. Calvin Hubble of GameRevolution praised the Windows version for its "damn fine" water-reflection effect, and Craig Harris of IGN praised the moving water. Tasos Kaiafas of Computer Gaming World praised graphical effects such as swaying trees and the reflective, moving water, but stated that the graphics overall were lacking in comparison to rival golf games. Ryan considered the background graphics "rather plain" but stated that the overall look of the game "is surprisingly smooth and convincing."
The putting was criticized for its difficulty. Stephen Poole of GameSpot wrote that the putting interface was "one of the most frustrating ever seen," writing, "There's very little difference in the distance on the swing meter for, say, a 50-footer and a 10-footer; in other words, the difficulty of a putt increases as the distance to the hole decreases - the exact opposite of real golf." Kaiafas wrote, "The problem is the swing meter doesn't adjust for the shorter length, so you have to do some fast clicking to get it right." Goble felt that putting was too easy when using the mouse swing method. They also criticized the design of the swing meter, describing it as a "horridly rough-looking gauge". James Mielke of GameSpot also criticized the swing meter design in their review of the PlayStation version. Ryan criticized the putting interface, which they considered poor.
The commentary received some criticism, as reviewers considered it repetitive, although Goble did not view it as such. Poole complained of an error that prevented online multiplayer matches, but they stated that the game "gives you the highest degree of control over your shot type that I've seen in a golf sim." Hubble also praised the variety of golf swings.
The game sold 120,000 units.
References
External links
1997 video games
Cancelled Sega Saturn games
Fox Interactive games
Golf video games
Gremlin Interactive games
PlayStation (console) games
Video games scored by Kevin Saville
Windows games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Martin Boďa (born 2 February 1997) is a Slovak professional footballer who plays for Ružomberok as a forward.
Club career
MFK Ružomberok
Boďa made their Fortuna Liga debut for Ružomberok against iClinic Sereď on 15 August 2020.
References
External links
MFK Ružomberok official club profile
Futbalnet profile
Fortuna Liga profile
1997 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Slovak footballers
Association football forwards
MŠK Fomat Martin players
MFK Ružomberok players
4. Liga (Slovakia) players
5. Liga players
2. Liga (Slovakia) players
3. Liga (Slovakia) players
Slovak Super Liga players
Smithfield is part of the Rexdale neighbourhood in the northwestern area of Etobicoke, in the City of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Some new residents of Toronto and new immigrants to Canada are attracted to this neighbourhood, mainly because there is a large amount of affordable public housing. It is named after the former village of Smithfield that was located at the intersection of Albion Road and Martin Grove Road.
The neighbourhood covers the residential areas of Etobicoke north of the west branch of the Humber River and west of Kipling Avenue. The west and north of the neighbourhood are small industrial areas. For social purposes, the city identifies the neighbourhood as Mount Olive-Silverstone-Jamestown, named for three streets in the area. Mount Olive is the name given to the area north of Albion Road between Kipling and Martin Grove. Jamestown is the part of the community south of Albion between Kipling and Martin Grove. Silverstone covers the area west of Martin Grove and north of Finch. The northernmost section of the neighbourhood, above the hydro right of way, is known as South Steeles. The western projection of the area running along the south side of Finch is known as Woodbine Downs.
Character
Smithfield has experienced a large influx of citizens from Eastern Europe, Asia, the Caribbean, and the Middle East. The large expanses of rowhouse developments dating to the 1970s located on Mount Olive Drive just off Kipling Ave has been home to the first newcomers especially from Somalia and the West Indies. North Albion Collegiate Institute, opened in 1962 and located on Kipling and Mount Olive, has for years held showcases for the Asian and South East Asian Communities, attracting audiences from far and wide. Directly across the street, the St. Andrews School and Father Henry Carr Secondary School reflect the Catholic tradition and culture that is shared by many resident Filipinos, and Assyrians.
The Albion Centre (formerly known as "Shoppers World Albion") Is the main shopping mall in the area. Containing a variety of small boutiques and stores, the Albion Centre also contains such franchises as Pizza Pizza, Canadian Tire, and Shoppers Drug Mart. The Albion Cinemas have been operating since before 1970 and are still in operation. The cinemas, well known for their broadcasts of modern Bollywood/Indian/Asian films, have attracted many to this location.
In May 2006, Toronto Police apprehended 106 members of the "Jamestown Crew" in the largest gang sweep in Toronto's history. In total, there were over 1,000 charges laid in the anti-gang offensive called Project XXX. Sometimes known by the nickname Doomstown because of its reputation as a poor neighbourhood ridden with gang violence, the neighbourhood was the setting of the 2006 Canadian television movie Doomstown.
Institutions
Etobicoke General Hospital
Albion Public Library
Albion Community Centre
Albion Centre
Finch Albion Centre
Parks
Smithfield Park
Highfield Park
Place of worship
Kipling Baptist Church
Martingrove United Church
Rexdale Singh Sabha Religious Centre
Saint Andrew Roman Catholic Church
Sikh Spiritual Centre Toronto
Thistletown Baptist Church
Education
Two public school boards operate elementary schools and secondary schools in the neighbourhood, the Toronto District School Board (TDSB), and the Toronto Catholic District School Board (TCDSB). Two secondary schools are located in the neighbourhood, West Humber Collegiate Institute (operated by TDSB), Father Henry Carr Catholic Secondary School (operated by TCDSB). Father Henry Carr Secondary School was relocated to Smithfield in 2007, taking the space of the former Marian Academy.
Elementary schools in the neighbourhood include:
North Kipling Junior Middle School - A school that goes from kindergarten – grade 8, includes gifted program located on 2 Rowntree road and Kipling ave which opened in 1999. At the top of the school crest visually appeals a purple cougar cup paw to represent their school. The school is also known as the "Best In The West" due to the fact that they have the most banners in their school than any other school in Rexdale area.
Albion Heights Junior Middle School
St. Dorothy's Catholic School
Beaumonde Junior Middle School - A public elementary school near the intersection of Albion Road and Finch Avenue. It was opened in 1959 as a Kindergarten to Grade 8 school. From 1970 until 1984, the school operated from Kindergarten to Grade 5. After 1984, it reverted to a full elementary program.
Elmbank Junior Middle Academy - A public elementary school located at 10 Pittsboro Drive, near the corner of Martin Grove Road and Finch Avenue. It opened in 1967.
Greenholme Junior Middle School - A public elementary school located at 10 Jamestown Crescent, close to the intersection of Albion Road and Kipling Avenue. It overlooks the Humber River.
Highfield Junior School - A public elementary school located at 85 Mount Olive Drive, which opened in 1963. At the top of the school crest burns the lamp of learning that has lit the way for young children for over 170 years. The three bells on the crest represent the three locations for the school since 1845 when the first log schoolhouse was erected at the southeast corner of Rexdale Blvd. and Martin Grove Road in the village of Highfield. The black iron school bell from the second Highfield school, built of brick in 1874 at the southeast corner of Rexdale Blvd and Hwy 27, hangs at the end of the new student forum, part of the extensive addition completed in 1997. In September 2006, Highfield earned the National Quality Institute's Blue Leaf Award for excellence in education.
Humberwood Downs Junior Middle Academy - A public elementary school located at 850 Humberwood Blvd. It was opened in 1996.
Melody Village Junior School - A public elementary school located at 520 Silverstone Drive. It was built in 1970.
Smithfield Middle School - A public middle school located at 175 Mount Olive Drive. It officially opened on October 17, 1966.
John D. Parker Junior School - A public elementary school located at 202 Mount Olive Drive. It was opened in 1974 and was expanded in 1994 and 1996. The school was named in honour of Mr. John D. Parker, one of the original seven trustees elected to the Board of Education for the Township of Etobicoke in May 1969. They served on the Board from that time until the end of 1972.
St Angela Catholic Elementary School
The North Campus of Humber College, a post-secondary institution, is also in the neighbourhood. The University of Guelph's satellite campus, the University of Guelph-Humber, is on the same campus as Humber College's North Campus.
Transportation
Roads
One of the area's most high profile roads is John Garland Boulevard. The street was named for Nipissing MP and Minister of National Reveune John Richard 'Jack' Garland and fought to create housing development like Thistletown. Garland died of a heart attack in 1964 and the street was named in their honour in 1965.
References
External links
City of Toronto - Mount Olive-Silverstone-Jamestown Neighbourhood Profile
Neighbourhoods in Toronto
Etobicoke
CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield is a health insurance provider serving 3.5 million individuals and groups in Maryland and the Washington metropolitan area. It has dual headquarters in Baltimore, Maryland and Washington, D.C. It is a nonprofit organization and an independent licensee of the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association.
The company has a 75 percent market share in Maryland. It also serves more than 626,000 members in the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program.
History
The history of CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield can be traced back to 1934, when Group Hospitalization, Inc. was formed by a hospital association in Washington, D.C. In 1942, the company was sanctioned to use the Blue Cross service mark, and in 1951 became a full participating member of the Blue Cross system. In 1969, Maryland Hospital Service, Inc. (Blue Cross) and Maryland Medical Service (Blue Shield) changed their names to Maryland Blue Cross and Maryland Blue Shield. In 1998, the Maryland and District of Columbia companies merged to form CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield.
In July 2000, CareFirst announced that it was leaving the Medicare HMO marketplace at the end of the year. In 2001, Wellpoint (now Anthem) offered to acquire the company for $1.37 billion, including $119 million in bonuses to Carefirst executives. In 2003, the offer was rejected by the Maryland insurance commissioner.
In 2013, CareFirst partnered with Cognizant to provide its members with information access and management of health coverage via smartphones and tablets using mobile technology. In May 2015, the company announced that a cyberattack in June 2014 compromised the data of 1.1 million current and former members. The breach did not include Social Security numbers, medical claims, employment, credit card or financial information, and CareFirst subsequently blocked member access to these accounts and requested members create new user names and passwords.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, CareFirst contributed $8 million to organizations on the front lines for COVID-19 relief, recovery and equitable vaccination efforts for communities in the region of Maryland. The company also covered services that are medically necessary for any of their members that are diagnosed with COVID-19. In early 2021, the company began providing Medicaid and Medicare Advantage options to consumers. In 2021, CareFirst dedicated $10.5 million toward addressing the root causes of diabetes in certain regional communities. The company also launched Better Together, a public health campaign urging people to get COVID-19 vaccines. In October 2021, the company launched CloseKnit, a virtual primary care practice providing a variety of care services including behavioral health services and care coordination.
Management
In 2018, Brian D. Pieninck was named Chief Executive Officer. In April 2021, CareFirst appointed Dr. Tich Changamire as its new Chief Medical Officer.
Partnerships
In October 2019, CareFirst partnered with Halcyon, an incubator program, to financially support healthcare startups. In September 2020, the company partnered with MedStar Health to provide value-based health care to communities. In August 2021, the company collaborated with Pittsburgh, PA-based healthcare provider Highmark to offer a health insurance designed specifically for labor unions and members.
References
Financial services companies established in 1934
Companies based in Baltimore
Health insurance in the United States
Health maintenance organizations
Insurance companies of the United States
Members of Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Medical and health organizations based in Maryland
1934 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Inda Anbesa is a river of the Nile basin. Rising in the mountains of Dogu'a Tembien in northern Ethiopia, it flows eastward to empty directly in Giba and further in Tekezé River.
Characteristics
It is a confined ephemeral river, locally meandering in its narrow alluvial plain, with an average slope gradient of 52 metres per kilometre. With its tributaries, the river has cut a deep gorge.
Flash floods and flood buffering
Runoff mostly happens in the form of high runoff discharge events that occur in a very short period (called flash floods). These are related to the steep topography, often little vegetation cover and intense convective rainfall. The peaks of such flash floods have often a 50 to 100 times larger discharge than the preceding baseflow.
The magnitude of floods in this river has however been decreased due to interventions in the catchment.
At Togogwa and on other steep slopes, exclosures have been established; the dense vegetation largely contributes to enhanced infiltration, less flooding and better baseflow. Physical conservation structures such as stone bunds and check dams also intercept runoff.
Transhumance towards the gorge
Transhumance takes place in the summer rainy season, when the lands near the villages are occupied by crops. Young shepherds will take the village cattle down to the gorge and overnight in small caves. The gorges are particularly attractive as a transhumance destination zone, because there is water and good growth of semi-natural vegetation.
Boulders and pebbles in the river bed
Boulders and pebbles encountered in the river bed can originate from any location higher up in the catchment. In the uppermost stretches of the river, only rock fragments of the upper lithological units will be present in the river bed, whereas more downstream one may find a more comprehensive mix of all lithologies crossed by the river. From upstream to downstream, the following lithological units occur in the catchment.
Antalo Limestone
Quaternary freshwater tufa
Trekking along the river
Trekking routes have been established across and along this river. The tracks are not marked on the ground but can be followed using downloaded .GPX files. Trek 22 follows the right bank of the river over the full length. In the rainy season, flash floods may occur and it is advised not to follow the river bed. At times it may be impossible to cross the lower segment of the river in the rainy season.
See also
List of Ethiopian rivers
References
Rivers of Ethiopia
Dogu'a Tembien
Tigray Region
Nile basin
Franklin Academy may refer to:
Ben Franklin Academy, DeKalb County, Alabama
Franklin Academy (Connecticut), East Haddam, Connecticut
Franklin Academy (Louisiana), a high school in Franklin Parish, Louisiana
Franklin Academy, now Franklin High School, in Reisterstown, Maryland
Franklin Academy, Columbus, Mississippi, in the Columbus Municipal School District
Franklin Academy, a Congregational Church-affiliated secondary school in Franklin, Nebraska
Franklin Academy (New York) in Malone, New York
Franklin Academy (North Carolina), Wake Forest, North Carolina
Franklin Academy, Lancaster, South Carolina; see J. Marion Sims
Ursula Franklin Academy, Toronto, Ontario
The original school that later became the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia
Sir Nicholas Raymond Winterton (born 31 March 1938) is a retired British Conservative Party politician. They were the Member of Parliament (MP) for Macclesfield from 1971 until they retired from the House of Commons at the 2010 general election.
Their wife, Ann Winterton, also served as a Member of Parliament, representing the neighbouring Congleton constituency from 1983 to 2010.
Early life
Winterton was born in Rugeley, Staffordshire and was educated at Bilton Grange, a prep school in Rugby, then Rugby School. They undertook their National Service from 1957 to 1959 and was commissioned into the 14th/20th King's Hussars serving in Germany before leaving to work as a trainee sales executive with Shell-Mex and BP.
In 1960, they became a Sales and General Manager of a construction machinery company, a job they retained until they were elected to Parliament. They served as a member of the West Midlands Conservative Council from 1967 to 1971 and was a Warwickshire County Councillor representing a coal mining and industrial division in North Warwickshire from 1967 to 1972. In 1969 they contested a by-election in Newcastle-under-Lyme but was unsuccessful; they stood again for the same seat at the 1970 general election but again was unsuccessful.
Member of Parliament
Winterton was elected to the House of Commons at the third attempt, winning a by-election in Macclesfield in September 1971.  They are considered a right-wing Conservative, opposing the reduction of the age of consent for same-sex sexual relations to 16, the ban on fox hunting and supporting Section 28 and the reintroduction of capital punishment.
For some years they were a member of the Conservative Monday Club and on 26 January 1981, they were the Guest-of-Honour at the club's Africa Group Dinner at St Stephen's Club, Westminster, where Harold Soref was in the chair.  They are also a signatory to The Freedom Association's Better Off Out campaign, opposing Britain's membership of the European Union. They wear a small badge in the design of the pound sterling symbol to signify their opposition to any plans for the Euro being adopted as Britain's national currency. In the late 1980s they were with several other MPs a member of the parliamentary advisory board of the Western Goals Institute.
Although never promoted to a ministerial or shadow role, they served as a member of the Social Services Select committee between 1979 and 1990 and was then chairperson of the Health Select Committee (1990–92). Winterton was a member of the Speaker's Panel of Chairmen. They were also a member of the Select Committee on the Modernisation of the House of Commons and served as a vice-chairperson of the 1922 Committee. Winterton was one of the few MPs to ask a question at Tony Blair's last Prime minister's questions: they demanded a referendum on the EU Reform Treaty. They were knighted by Elizabeth II in the 2002 Birthday Honours for services to Parliament.
The Wintertons were investigated by the Parliamentary Standards Commissioner and they concluded that they misused their MPs' expenses to pay rent for a flat that they had already bought outright. Once the mortgage had been fully repaid, the Wintertons transferred the ownership of the flat into a family trust. Since 2002 they had paid the rent to their trust for living in the flat from their MPs' expenditure. The Committee accepted that the Wintertons had "at no stage attempted to conceal their arrangements". Winterton said of their expenses: "I try to tackle matters of expenses in a responsible way, I don't spend any more money than is absolutely necessary". This was at odds with their party's leader, David Cameron, who described them as "indefensible". On 25 May 2009 it was announced that both the Wintertons would stand down as MPs at the next general election.
Winterton was accused of slapping Labour MP Natascha Engel's bottom. When asked if the accusation was true, Winterton replied: "I'm quite a normal person. Will I slap a colleague on the back, Will I slap a colleague in friendship? The answer is – it is certainly possible."
On 18 February 2010 during a BBC Radio 5 Live interview they defended MPs travelling first class by saying that people who travelled in standard class on trains were a "totally different type of people." Commenting to a BBC reporter, a Conservative spokesperson stated that these remarks "...do not in any way represent the views of [...] the Conservative Party."
Affiliations
Sir Nicholas Winterton has been involved in a wide range of organisations and interests. Local charities they support include the Macclesfield Access Group, the Multiple Sclerosis Society, Riding for the Disabled, Macclesfield Handicapped Social Club and the Rossendale Trust.  They are a vice president of the East Cheshire Hospice and a patron of the local branch of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. For 30 years they have been a patron of the Macclesfield & District Sheep Dog Trials Association. They also help local organisations such as Age Concern and Macmillan Cancer Care and is an honorary member of the Macclesfield & District Lions Club.  They are a supporter of Macclesfield Town F.C. and Macclesfield R.U.F.C.
Winterton is also actively involved with local Scouting and Guiding.  They are a vice president of Cheshire Scout County and Macclesfield and Congleton District Scout Council.  They are an ambassador for Guiding by Girlguiding UK. In recognition of their contribution to Scouting they have been awarded the Medal of Merit for Outstanding Services to the Scout Movement.
For 26 years they were on The Duke of Edinburgh's Award Scheme National Advisory Committee.  They are an honorary Vice-President of the Royal College of Midwives and a freeman of the City of London.  They are also a Past Upper Bailiff and Member of Court of the Worshipful Company of Weavers. As a result of many years supporting St John Ambulance Winterton is a Serving Brother of the Venerable Order of Saint John.  They are Patron/Chairman of the Zimbabwe-Rhodesia Relief Fund, a registered charity.
Personal life
Winterton married Ann Hodgson in 1960 in Sutton Coldfield. In the 1983 general election they became the Member of Parliament for Congleton, adjacent to their Macclesfield constituency. They have two sons, Andrew and Robert, and one daughter, Sarah.
References
External links
Guardian Unlimited Politics - Ask Aristotle: Nicholas Winterton MP
TheyWorkForYou.com - Nicholas Winterton MP
Macclesfield Conservatives
BBC Politics page
1938 births
Living people
Knights Bachelor
14th/20th King's Hussars officers
People from Rugeley
People from Sutton Coldfield
People from Macclesfield
Councillors in the West Midlands (county)
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Members of Warwickshire County Council
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
UK MPs 1979–1983
UK MPs 1983–1987
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
People educated at Rugby School
People educated at Bilton Grange
Politicians awarded knighthoods
National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children people
Genome Therapeutics Corp. was an early biotech company. It was founded in 1961 by Orrie M. Friedman under the name Collaborative Research Inc. Under the leadership of Helen Donis-Keller and using internal funds, the company produced one of the first linkage maps of the whole human genome in the mid 1980s.
The name was later changed its name to Genome Therapeutics. In 1994, it produced the first commercial genome sequence, that of Helicobacter pylori, the pathogen responsible for peptic ulcers. The rights to the genome were sold to Astra AB of Sweden for $22 million and a similar deal struck with Schering-Plough. In addition to infectious agents, it also worked on heritable diseases including asthma.
In 2004, Genome Therapeutics changed its name to Oscient Pharmaceuticals and its sequencing division joined with Agencourt Bioscience. The latter spun out Agencourt Personal Genomics which was acquired by ABI for $120 million in 2007.
References
Companies formerly listed on the Nasdaq
Nicolae T. Orășanu (1833?–August 7, 1890) was a Wallachian-born Romanian poet, prose writer and newspaper editor.
Born in Craiova, they attended high school at Saint Sava College in the national capital Bucharest. As a young man, Orășanu entered politics and the newspaper business; theirs was a rebellious spirit that rejected autocracy and embraced being in opposition. Together with C. A. Rosetti, they edited Țânțarul in 1859. Then, on their own, they edited a series of satirical gazettes. These mainly had ingenious demonic titles: Spiriduș, Nichipercea, Cicala, Sarsailă, Urzicătorul, Asmodeu, but also Opiniunea națională, Daracul, Ghimpele, Farfara and Cucu. At the same time, they published brochures in the same style: Coarnele lui Nichipercea, Coada lui Nichipercea, Ochiul dracului, Codița dracului, Ghearele dracului. Orășanu signed either using their initials or pen names such as G. Palicaropol, Cetățenescu, Iago, Ioana lui Vișan, Văduva, Netto, Nicor, Odobașa and Orășenescu.
Orășanu made their published debut early, with the 1854 volume Floricele de primăvară. This featured sentimental poems that formed a marked contrast to their biting temperament, yielding to the prevailing Romantic mood. Their main literary preoccupation became the "rhymed chronicle", cultivated with a certain trivial verve and appearing in a series of brochures with parodic titles such as Misterele mahalalelor sau Cronica scandaloasă a orașului (vol. I-IX, 1857-1858), Târgul cu idei sau Buletinul Cișmegiului (vol. I-IX, 1857) and Trei feți logofeți sau Povestea lui Fâl-fâl-son (1857). Through such "verse novels", at least insofar as typology, attitude and vernacular style are concerned, Orășanu was a precursor to the literature of the slum. They were more successful as a memoirist, in the 1861 Întemnițările mele politice. They drew upon the example of Silvio Pellico to evoke their prison experiences, leavening their narrative with humor. In the brochure O pagină a vieții mele sau 22, 23 și 24 ianaurie 1859, another memoir, they claimed to have played a much-exaggerated role in the election as domnitor of Alexandru Ion Cuza. The writer later became an adversary of the ruler, directing the verse pamphlet Trefleac voivod against him.
They translated works by Charles Paul de Kock (Sora Ana, 1856), Jean-Pierre Claris de Florian (Gonzalv de Cordova, 1858) and Jean-Louis Carra (Istoria Moldaviii și a Româniii). Orășanu worked as an inspector at the tobacco monopoly and then at the liquor taxation office, and was twice a manager at Monitorul Oficial and at the official press, Imprimeria Statului. Nevertheless, their financial situation was insecure. More than their writings, their biography makes Orășanu a very colorful figure during a period of transition. They died in Negreni, Olt County.
Notes
1833 births
1890 deaths
People from Craiova
Saint Sava National College alumni
Romanian newspaper editors
Romanian poets
Romanian memoirists
Romanian translators
Romanian civil servants
19th-century memoirists
19th-century translators
USAV SP4 James A. Loux (LSV-6) is a General Frank S. Besson Jr.-class roll-on/roll-off of US Army.
Design
Named in honor of Gen. Frank S. Besson Jr., former Chief of Transportation, U.S. Army, these ships have bow and stern ramps and the ability to beach themselves, giving them the ability to discharge 900 short tons of vehicles and cargo over the shore in as little as four feet of water, or 2,000 short tons as an intra-theater line haul roll-on/roll-off cargo ship. The vessel's cargo deck is designed to handle any vehicle in the US Army inventory and can carry up to 15 M1 Abrams main battle tanks or 82 ISO standard containers.
Construction and career
They were acquired by the US Army on 30 September 1994 and commissioned in 1994 into the United States Army Reserve.
Gallery
References
External links
Navsource – Photo Gallery
Frank S Besson Class LSV Logistic Support Vessel
LSVs at globalsecurity.org
Photo gallery: Family tour aboard the LSV-7 Kuroda | The Honolulu Advertiser
LSV-8 USAV MG Roberts Smalls – a set on Flickr
Army Commissions Vessel Named after African-American Civil War Hero, S.C. Statesman
Robert Smalls Official Website
Ships built in the United States
1994 ships
General Frank S. Besson-class support vessels
"Colors" is a song by American rapper Ice-T, issued as the title track for the soundtrack to the film of the same name. The song was released as a single in 1988. In 2008, it was named the 19th-greatest hip hop song of all time by VH1. The song was Ice-T's first to chart on the US Billboard Hot 100, where it peaked at number 70.The song samples "Ain't We Funkin' Now" by The Brothers Johnson.
Ice-T themselves re-recorded the song with their band Body Count in 2020 for the album, Carnivore.
In 2021, gang scholar and sociology professor Stefano Bloch called "Colors" "the greatest sociological text ever written on gang activity and identity".
Charts
Cover versions
In 1996, the song was covered by Society Burning for the electro-industrial various artists compilation, Operation Beatbox.
The song was covered by the groove metal band Machine Head and released on the 1997 bonus disc version of their album, The More Things Change...
C-Murder made a remake called "Cluckers" (featuring Fiend) on their debut album, Life or Death, in 1998.
References
1988 singles
1988 songs
Ice-T songs
Gangsta rap songs
Songs written by Ice-T
Songs written by Afrika Islam
Songs about crime
Abdolabad (, also Romanized as ‘Abdolābād; also known as ‘Abdolābād-e Bālā) is a village in Belharat Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 469, in 107 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Ulster Constitution Party was a Unionist political party in Northern Ireland active in the early 1970s.
The party was established by two Belfast City Council councillors, David M. Riddelsdell and Robert Lindsay Mason. Mason was a effective leader from the group's establishment in 1971 whilst Riddelsdell acted as party secretary. The party's two representatives lost their Council seats in the 1973 election when they ran as part of wider Ulster loyalist coalition groups. With no elected representatives the party effectively disappeared in 1974 when the National Front expanded its operations in Northern Ireland and Mason became a member.
References
Defunct political parties in Northern Ireland
Ulster unionist organisations
Attica Bank S.A. (), formerly the Bank of Attica SA (), is engaged in the Greek banking sector. It is the fifth largest Greek bank but significantly smaller than the top four "systemic" banks. Its market capitalisation was 116 million Euro on 6 October 2017. Its headquarters are in Athens and its 54 branches are spread nationwide.
Attica Bank S.A. was established in 1925. Ιt offers a full range of banking and investment products and services as well as deposits, insurance products, mutual funds and brokerage services, for individuals, small & medium enterprises and large companies.
Today, the Bank's shareholder structure is the following: Fund of Civil Engineers and Public Works Contractors (TMEDE) holds 46.32% of the Bank's ordinary shares, Unified Social Security Institution (EFKA) holds 32.34% of the Bank's ordinary shares and TAPILTAT (Fund for Mutual Assistance of the Employees of Ioniki - Laiki Bank and Other Banks) holds 2.83% of the Bank's ordinary shares. Other shareholders hold the remaining 18.51% of the Bank's share capital.
Attica Bank participates in the company of Attica Bancassurance Agency S.A.
See also
List of banks in Greece
Banking in Greece
References
Banks of Greece
Companies listed on the Athens Exchange
Banks established in 1925
Greek brands
Morten Pedersen Porsild (1 September 1872, Glibstrup near Store Andst – 30 April 1956, Copenhagen) was a Danish botanist who lived and worked most of their adult life in Greenland. They participated in expeditions to Greenland in 1898 and 1902, together with the physiologist August Krogh. In 1906, they founded the Arctic Station in Qeqertarsuaq, West Greenland, since 1956 part of the University of Copenhagen. They got support from famous polar researchers like Knud Rasmussen, Mylius-Erichsen and Fridtjof Nansen. A private person donated the building and running cost were put directly on the Danish state budget. Morten Porsild managed the station for forty years. In 1946, they returned to Copenhagen, and was succeeded as station head by Paul Gelting. They were the father of Alf Erling Porsild, Robert Thorbjørn Porsild, Asta Irmelin "Tulle" Egede and Ove Sten Porsild.
Apart from botany, Porsild contributed to zoology and ethnography. They also entered Greenland politics.
Selected works
Porsild, Morten P. (1910) Hvor opholder den grønlandske laks sig om vinteren (Where does the Greenlandic salmon stay during winter?). Meddelelser om Grønland 47.
Porsild, Morten P. (1910) Plant life of Hare Island off the coast of West Greenland. Meddelelser om Grønland 47: 251–274.
Porsild, Morten P. (1911) Une arme ancienne de chasse des esquimaux et son analogue de la culture préhistorique de France (An ancient eskimo hunting weapon and its analogue in the prehistoric culture of France). Meddelelser om Grønland 47.
Porsild, Morten P. (1914) Studies on the material culture of the Eskimo in West Greenland. Meddelelser om Grønland 51 (5).
Porsild, Morten P. (1915) On the Genus Antennaria in Greenland. Meddelelser om Grønland 51: 267–81.
Porsild, Morten P. (1918) Om nogle vestgrønlandske patterdyr og fugle; I-II. Meddelelser om Grønland 56 (1918): 29-54
Part 1 on wolves, dogs and reindeer, Part 2 on the narwhal.
Porsild, Morten P. (1918) On "Savssats": A crowding of Arctic animals at holes in the sea ice. Geographical Review 6 (3): 215-228.
Porsild, Morten P. (1919) Naussut suliarineránut panertíneránutdlo najorĸutagssiaĸ [translated title: Guide to pressing and drying plants]. K'eĸertarssuarme, 6 pp.
Porsild, Morten P. (assisted by A. Erling Porsild) (1920) The flora of Disko Island and the adjacent coast of West Greenland from 66 to 71 n. lat.: with remarks on phytogeography, ecology, flowering, fructification and hibernation. Meddelelser om Grønland 58 (1-2)
Porsild, Morten P. (1932) Alien plants and apophytes of Greenland. Meddelelser om Grønland 92 (1), 85 pp.
References
External links
Many photographs by M.P. Porsild may be found at "Arktiske Billeder" - use the search function
20th-century Danish botanists
Danish science writers
Danish zoologists
Danish ethnographers
Botanists active in the Arctic
1956 deaths
1872 births
People from Vejen Municipality
Hoka Iwabuchi (1901 – 1956) was a Japanese painter. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1901 births
1956 deaths
20th-century Japanese painters
Japanese painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Place of birth missing
Melanie Balcomb (born September 24, 1962) is an American basketball coach. Them last head coaching position was with the Vanderbilt women's basketball team in 2016.
Balcomb attended Hightstown High School, in Hightstown, New Jersey, where they starred as a point guard for the girls' varsity basketball team from 1976 to 1980. They attended Trenton State College (now The College of New Jersey), where they set school records for career assists and steals, and they scored over 1,000 points in their collegiate basketball career.
Before arriving at Vanderbilt, Balcomb was head coach at Xavier for seven years, leading the Lady Musketeers to a school-record 31 wins and an Elite Eight appearance in 2001.
Balcomb resigned from Vanderbilt at the end of 2016 season and was subsequently hired by the South Carolina women's basketball team to direct offensive analytics.
Head coaching record
References
External links
Vanderbilt profile
1962 births
Living people
American women's basketball coaches
Basketball coaches from New Jersey
Basketball players from Trenton, New Jersey
Hightstown High School alumni
People from Cranbury, New Jersey
Sportspeople from Mercer County, New Jersey
The College of New Jersey alumni
Vanderbilt Commodores women's basketball coaches
Point guards
Clayton P. Kerr (August 16, 1900 – August 13, 1977) was a major general in the United States Army. A longtime member of the Texas Army National Guard, they were prominent for their service as deputy commander of the Allied Military Mission to the Italian Army during World War II, and their post-war assignments as commander of the 49th Armored Division and Director of the Army National Guard.
Born in Denver, Colorado and raised and Dallas, Texas, in 1918 joined the Texas National Guard. They quickly advanced through the noncommissioned officer ranks to become sergeant major of the 72nd Infantry Brigade. In 1922, they received their commission as a second lieutenant in the 56th Cavalry Brigade, and they advanced through the ranks in command and staff positions, primarily as a member of the Texas National Guard's 36th Infantry Division.
During World War II, Kerr served in Europe as the 36th Division's inspector general and chief of staff, and later than U.S. Representative to and Deputy Commander of the Allied Military Mission to the Italian Army. After the war they were an original organizer of the 49th Armored Division. In 1958, they became the division commander as a major general, and in 1959 Kerr was selected to serve as Chief of the Army Division (now Director of the Army National Guard) at the National Guard Bureau. They served in this position until their 1962 retirement. In 1964, received a state promotion to lieutenant general as recognition of their accomplishments and years of service.
Kerr died in Dallas in 1977, and was buried at Sparkman-Hillcrest Memorial Park Cemetery.
Early life
Clayton Price Kerr was born in Denver, Colorado on August 16, 1900, the son of Harry Basil Kerr, a veteran of the Spanish–American War, and Rosa Mae (Taylor) Kerr. They were raised and educated in Dallas, Texas, and graduated from Bryan High School in 1919. In September 1918, they joined the National Guard as a member of Headquarters Troop, 6th Texas Cavalry, and they took part in patrols of the Texas-Mexico border during the closing months of World War I. In March 1919, they were scheduled to take the entrance examination for the United States Military Academy, but opted instead to continue their National Guard career. They quickly advanced through the noncommissioned officer ranks, and became sergeant major of the 72nd Infantry Brigade.
In 1921 they received their commission as a second lieutenant in the 56th Cavalry Brigade. They advanced through the ranks in command and staff positions, primarily with the 36th Infantry Division. Their commands included Company E, 144th Infantry Regiment and 2nd Battalion, 144th Infantry. In 1940, Kerr authored a military handbook, Pointers for Infantry Troop Leaders, which went through several editions, and was used during both World War II and the Korean War.
In their civilian career Kerr became the owner and operator of a home construction and contracting business.
World War II
In November 1940, Kerr entered active duty as inspector general of the 36th Division, and they later served as executive officer of the 72nd Infantry Brigade before becoming the division's chief of staff in 1942. They served in this position until 1944, and took part in the North African and Italian campaigns. In February 1944, they were assigned as deputy commander of the Allied Military Mission to the Italian Army. In this role, they worked to integrate Italian forces into the Allied war effort following the overthrow of Benito Mussolini's dictatorship, including participation in the 1945 offensive which brought about the surrender of Nazi forces in Italy. After the war, Kerr negotiated with the Italian government for land on which to place a monument to commemorate the 36th Division's 1943 landing at Salerno. Kerr was a frequent contributor of articles to professional journals and other publications, including 1944's "Joint Maintenance in Theater Operations". In addition, they authored a 1945 article on the operations of U.S. forces in the Pacific Ocean and South West Pacific theaters, "The Organization of the Pacific Ocean Areas and of the Southwest Pacific Area".
Post World War II
Kerr was one of the original officers who formed the Texas Army National Guard's 49th Armored Division. Among their assignments with the division was commander of Combat Command B, and commander of the Division Artillery. They were promoted to brigadier general in 1947.
By the time Kerr became a general officer, income from part-ownership in a chemical plant, real estate holdings, and investments enabled them to work full time for the Texas National Guard in an unpaid status. In 1958 Kerr was appointed commander of the 49th Armored Division and promoted to major general. Kerr continued to author articles on military topics, including 1959's "Training an Army National Guard Armored Division".
National Guard Bureau
In October, 1959 Kerr was named Chief of the Army Division (now Director of the Army National Guard) at the National Guard Bureau. They served in this position until their 1962 retirement. As the head of the Army National Guard, Kerr oversaw its efforts to modify unit organizations as part of the Reorganization of Army Divisions (ROAD) program. In addition, they led efforts to modernize equipment and vehicles, and to enhance individual and unit training, which led to improved overall readiness levels.
Military education
Kerr completed the Army officer courses for Infantry, Field Artillery, Air Defense Artillery, and Armor. In addition, they were a graduate of the United States Army Command and General Staff College.
Awards and decorations
Kerr's awards include: the Distinguished Service Medal; two awards of the Legion of Merit; and the Bronze Star Medal.
Their foreign decorations included: Officer of the Order of the British Empire; Grand Commander, Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus (Italy); War Cross for Military Valor (Italy); Grand Officer of the Order of the Crown of Italy; War Merit Cross (Italy); and Knight Commander of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta (Italy).
In 1964 Governor John Connally recognized Kerr's accomplishments and long years of dedicated service with a state promotion to lieutenant general.
Kerr was inducted into the Texas Military Hall of Honor in 1981.
Death and burial
Kerr died in Dallas on August 13, 1977. They were buried at Sparkman-Hillcrest Memorial Park Cemetery in Dallas.
Family
Kerr was married to Clara Elizabeth Corbin (1900–1999). They had no children.
References
External links
Clayton P. Kerr at Texas Military Forces Museum
1900 births
1977 deaths
People from Denver
People from Dallas
United States Army personnel of World War II
United States Army generals
National Guard (United States) generals
United States Army Command and General Staff College alumni
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Recipients of the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus
Recipients of the War Cross for Military Valor
Recipients of the War Merit Cross (Italy)
Recipients of the Order of the Crown (Italy)
Knights of Malta
