Amatuni Simoni Amatuni (), born Amatuni Vardapetyan (), was a Soviet Armenian politician who served as First Secretary of the Communist Party of Armenia from 1936 to 1937. Born in Yelisavetpol (Ganja), Elizavetpol uezd, Elizavetpol Governorate, Russian Empire, they became a member of the Bolshevik Party in 1919. From 1926 to 1928 they studied at the Institute of Red Professors, then held various party positions in Yerevan, Tiflis, and Baku. An ally of Lavrentiy Beria, they served as Second Secretary of the Communist Party of Armenia from 1935 to 1936, then became First Secretary in 1936 after the death of their predecessor Aghasi Khanjian. With Armenian NKVD chief Khachik Mughdusi, Amatuni oversaw the initial part of the Great Purge in Armenia, before their own arrest on September 23, 1937. They appeared on Stalin's execution list of July 26, 1938 and was shot the same day.
References
Party leaders of the Soviet Union
Communist Party of Armenia (Soviet Union) politicians
Great Purge victims from Armenia
Institute of Red Professors alumni
People from Elizavetpol Governorate
Politicians from Ganja, Azerbaijan
1900 births
1938 deaths
Members of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union executed by the Soviet Union
Sibelius is a 2003 Finnish film biography of Jean Sibelius directed and written by Timo Koivusalo. It is the first full-length feature film about the famous composer.
Plot
While Johan Julius Christian ("Jean") Sibelius is still a child, their father Christian dies; the family is facing a financial disaster and must sell their property. Young Sibelius finds a new father figure in Uncle Pehr.
At the beginning of their musical studies with Martin Wegelius, Sibelius adopts the name of their uncle Jean. Plagued with insecurity, they continue to study law and, on the advice of their professor, returns to the music that is close to their heart while not interested in the law.
Sibelius meets Aino, daughter of their artistic sponsor Elisabeth Järnefelt and their future wife; Sibelius also comes into contact with composers such as Robert Kajanus and Ferruccio Busoni. Aino is impressed by the works of their writer friend Juhani Aho. During a one-year scholarship in Berlin, organized by Wegelius in 1889, they have to face the critical needs of their teacher Albert Becker. Sibelius deepens their friendship with the writer Adolf Paul. During their stay in Berlin, Uncle Pehr dies.
After returning from Berlin, Sibelius declares their love to Aino. Shortly after the engagement they begin a study visit to Vienna, where they establish important social contacts. There, however, their plans to pursue a career as a violinist fail. Sibelius is plagued with jealousy when it is discovered that Juhani Aho has expressed their love for Aino in a novel.
When Sibelius returns to Finland, they and Aino get married. Sibelius celebrates their first success with their symphonic poem Kullervo. Soon the first daughter Eva is born. When Russian Tsar Alexander III died in 1894, Sibelius' friends worry about how Russian rule in Finland will develop under the new Tsar Nicholas II.
The Sibelius family grows with the birth of more daughters; Sibelius, however, focuses entirely on composition, which leads to an upheaval of the marriage. Shortly afterwards Sibelius's mother Maria dies. Sibelius and Kajanus challenge the escalation of Russian censorship with a performance of Sibelius Finland's patriotic symphonic poem.
On the other hand, Sibelius soon faces the loss of their daughter Kirsti, who dies of typhus. During a stay of the Sibelius family in Rapallo, Italy, one of the surviving daughters falls ill, but recovers to the family's great relief. Sibelius composes their second symphony in Rapallo, the premiere of which will be a great success.
In building their home, Ainola, on Lake Tuusulanjärvi, the Sibelius couple face financial problems. Sibelius's sick sister has to go to the sanatorium; Sibelius themselves suffers from ringing in their ears and the consequences of their drinking habit; after an operation for a tumor, Sibelius stops smoking and drinking.
After composing the King Christian Suite, Sibelius writes the Jääkärimarssi for the troops fighting against Russia during the October Revolution. As a result of the riots, the Red Army searches for weapons in their home. Due to the composition of the Jääkärimarssi, Sibelius has to flee with their family.
In old age, Sibelius burns their plans for an eighth symphony.
Cast
Martti Suosalo as younger Jean Sibelius
Heikki Nousiainen as old Jean Sibelius
Miina Turunen as younger Aino Sibelius
Seela Sella as old Aino Sibelius
Vesa Vierikko as Robert Kajanus
Raimo Grönberg as Martin Wegelius
Jarmo Mäkinen as Akseli Gallen-Kallela
Tapani Kalliomäki as Armas Järnefelt
Kunto Ojansivu as Adolf Paul
Rea Mauranen as Maria Sibelius
Petri Lairikko as Axel Carpelan
Kirsi Tarvainen as Linda Sibelius
Christian Sandström as Christian Sibelius
Erkki Ruokokoski as Pehr-uncle
Olavi Niemelä as George Becker
Risto Kaskilahti as Sigurd Wettenhovi-Aspa
Hannu Kivioja as Ferruccio Busoni
Ritva Jalonen as Pauline Lucca
Paavo Liski as Konni Zilliacus
Susanna Palin as Saimi Järnefelt
Eija Nousiainen as Elisabeth Järnefelt
Konsta Hannonen as Juhani Aho
Kari Hietalahti as Eino Leino
Lars Svedberg as Santeri Levas
Eveliina Puhakka as Sibelius daughter
Johanna Puhakka as Sibelius daughter
Pauliina Puhakka as Sibelius daughter
Aliisa Kuivasto as Sibelius daughter
Veera Välimäki as Sibelius daughter
External links
2003 films
Finnish biographical drama films
2000s Finnish-language films
Film
Films about classical music and musicians
Films about composers
Films shot in Latvia
Films shot in Italy
Films directed by Timo Koivusalo
Zagorani is a village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia. It used to be part of the former municipality of Topolčani.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 108 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 108
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
Tamaha can stand for:
Tamaha (Dakota scout) (1776–1864), Mdewakanton Dakota who supported the United States in the War of 1812
Tamaha, Oklahoma, United States, a town
Tamahā (Tonga), holy child, the title for the sister of the Tui Tonga, a traditional dynasty in Tonga
Tsamai language, also known as Tamaha, spoken in Ethiopia
Upper Merion Area High School is a comprehensive public high school, operated by the Upper Merion Area School District, in the King of Prussia census-designated place, in Upper Merion Township, Pennsylvania, in the Philadelphia metropolitan area, United States.
A building project to construct a new high school facility began in spring 2020, and is scheduled to be completed in September, 2022.
Overview
Upper Merion Area High School (UMAHS) serves students from three communities, Upper Merion Township, Bridgeport and West Conshohocken boroughs. The high school building is located approximately fifteen miles west of Philadelphia. Recognizing the importance of long standing traditions, students at the Upper Merion Area High School are instrumental in continuing to add school spirit opportunities to the already existing traditions. These traditions include, but are not limited to Fall and Spring spirit weeks, homecoming, appointing homecoming King and Queen, pep rallies, and Diversity Day. Students at UMAHS are not only members of the academic student body, but also participate in many extracurricular programs including sports teams, clubs, service learning opportunities, community service, theatre productions, art exhibitions, and student council. Many of these activities are sponsored and led by UMAHS staff and community members.Participation in the numerous clubs and activities supports the notion that students of UMAHS are proud to be part of the “Viking Nation".
Sports
Upper Merion has been a member of the Pioneer Athletic Conference since 2016.
Upper Merion Area High School offers the following sports:
In 2004, Upper Merion Football won the school's first PIAA District One Championship against the Great Valley Patriots. Led by seniors (FB) Marcus Johnson, (QB) Chuck DiNolfi, (RB/WR) Sean Donovan, and D-1 recruit (OT, DT) Dan Butts all two-way starters. UM dominated at every aspect of the game, both in the trenches and the X's and O's. Finishing the year with a record of 11-3. Graduating 28 seniors.
UM's varsity track and field relay team placed 6th in the state of Pennsylvania in the 4 × 800 meter relay at Shippensburg University. At 7:55.30, it broke a 26-year-old school record. The winning team consisted of leadoff leg, Mike Brothers, 2nd leg, Jon Gries, 3rd leg, Matthew Cunningham, and anchor, Ronak Patel.
Upper Merion Area High School's varsity track and field relay team was crowned Suburban One-American Champions in the 4 × 400 meter relay in the 2005 Spring season, at 3.25.82. The winning relay team consisted of leadoff leg, Nicholas Tsipras, 2nd leg, Matthew Cunningham, 3rd leg, Ronak Patel, and anchor, Sean Donovan.
Upper Merion Area High School's varsity baseball team was crowned PIAA District I Champion in their 2008-2009 season.
Upper Merion Area High School's varsity boys lacrosse team was crowned Suburban One-American Champions in their 2010 season.
The varsity girls volleyball team was crowned PIAA District I Champion in the 2010-2011 season. They went on to compete in the PIAA State Championship where they finished as the 2nd best volleyball team in Pennsylvania.
The varsity volleyball team was also crowned PIAA District 1 Champions in the 2013 and 2014 season. They lost in the quarterfinals of the PIAA State Championship 2013 and lost in the first round in 2014. Adding to a total of six District 1 Championships for the volleyball team.
Upper Merion Lady Vikings were crowned Surburban One League Champions in Softball during the 2013, 2014, 2015, and 2016 seasons.
Echoes in the Darkness
In 1987, the school was the setting for Echoes in the Darkness, a Joseph Wambaugh book detailing the murder of a teacher and their two children for insurance money, allegedly by the head of the English department and the former principal. This was later converted into a made-for-TV movie starring Stockard Channing, Peter Coyote and Robert Loggia.
This book and movie were interpretations of the "Mainline Murders", with multiple of the teachers portrayed in the movie teaching within the English and Spanish departments into the 2000's at Upper Merion Area High School. Jay Smith was originally convicted, but had their conviction overturned. William Bradfield was convicted and died in prison.
Notable alumni
Greg Gianforte - Businessman and U.S. Representative from Montana.
Kathy Jordan - Professional tennis player.
Lisa Salters - ESPN sports reporter.
Brad Scioli - Former professional football player for Indianapolis Colts
Bob Shoudt - Competitive Eater
References
Public high schools in Pennsylvania
Schools in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
Educational institutions established in 1963
1963 establishments in Pennsylvania
The Groninger Student Rugby Club (G.S.R.C.) is a Dutch rugby union club from Groningen.
History
The GSRC was officially founded in 1986 although they were playing as an unofficial team since the late 1970s. The club has been playing their home games at the Ascot Manor II since 1990 which is at the sport park Corpus den Hoorn.
Teams
The club runs two senior sides.
The first XV currently (season 2021-2022) plays in NRB 2 (North).
Both the first and second XV compete in some NSRB (Dutch Student Rugby Union) tournaments as well.
Affiliations
The GSRC is linked to the University of Groningen.
The club is affiliated with GSC Vindicat atque Polit.
External links
Official website
Dutch rugby union teams
1986 establishments in the Netherlands
Rugby clubs established in 1986
The 2015–16 Women's EHF Cup will be 35th edition of EHF's third-tier women's handball competition. It started on 16 October 2015.
Round and draw dates
All draws held at the European Handball Federation headquarters in Vienna, Austria.
Qualification stage
Round 2
Teams listed first played the first leg at home. Some teams agreed to play both matches in the same venue. Bolded teams qualified into the third round.
|}
Notes
a Both legs were hosted by O.F.N. Ionias.
b Both legs were hosted by Fram.
c Both legs were hosted by A.C. Latsia Nicosia.
d Both legs were hosted by Indeco Conversano.
e Both legs were hosted by Pogon Baltica Szczecin.
f Both legs were hosted by IUVENTA Michalovce.
g Both legs were hosted by ACME-Zalgiris Kaunas.
h Both legs were hosted by Alavarium / Love Tiles.
i Both legs were hosted by HB Dudelange.
j Both legs were hosted by ŽRK Naisa Niš.
k Both legs were hosted by KHF Prishtina.
Round 3
Teams listed first played the first leg at home. Some teams agreed to play both matches in the same venue. Bolded teams qualified into last 16.
|}
Notes
a Both legs were hosted by Siófok KC.
b Both legs were hosted by HC Leipzig.
c Both legs were hosted by Astrakhanochka.
d Both legs were hosted by HC Odense.
e Both legs were hosted by Hubo Initia Hasselt.
f Both legs were hosted by TuS Metzingen.
g Both legs were hosted by Silkeborg-Voel KFUM.
h Both legs were hosted by DHK Banik Most.
h Both legs were hosted by Pogon Baltica Szczecin.
Last 16
Teams listed first played the first leg at home. Bolded teams qualified into quarter-finals.
|}
Quarter-finals
Teams listed first played the first leg at home. Bolded teams qualified into semi-finals.
|}
Notes
a Both legs were hosted by Dunaújváros.
Semi-finals
|}
Final
|}
See also
2015–16 Women's EHF Champions League
2015–16 Women's EHF Cup Winners' Cup
2015–16 Women's EHF Challenge Cup
External links
(official website)
Women's EHF Cup
EHF Cup Women
EHF Cup Women
Dubienka () is a village in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine on the Bug River. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dubienka. It lies approximately east of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
In 1792, a battle between Polish and Russian armies took place near nearby.
The town was occupied by the Germans during World War II from 1939–1944. The Jewish population consisted of around 2,500 individuals. In May 1942, the Germans reported that there were 2,907 Jews in Dubienka, some of whom had been transported there from neighboring villages. On May 22, 1942 the Germans conducted an Aktion in which they murdered a number of Jews at the local Jewish cemetery. On June 2, 1942, local farmers, under German orders, took Jews by horse and wagon to Hrubieszow where they were held for two days with little food and water, then put on freight trains and taken to the Sobibór extermination camp where they were immediately murdered. Two to three hundred were left behind as laborers. Only about fifteen Dubienka Jews survived the Holocaust. The Jewish community ceased to exist.
The village has a current population of 1,042.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Kholm Governorate
Holocaust locations in Poland
Buch Abbey, in German Kloster Buch, is a former Cistercian monastery near Leisnig in Saxony.
Location
Kloster Buch is located approximately halfway between the cities Leipzig and Dresden, about 4 km east of the town of Leisnig in the Mittelsachsen district and in a bend of the river Freiberger Mulde. The floodplain of the latter is here about 800 m wide, bordered by forests and used for agriculture.
History
From its foundation until the Protestant Reformation
Kloster Buch was first mentioned in a document of Emperor Heinrich IV who bestowed to it the parish of Leisnig According to Cistercian tradition, abbot Hildebert, twelve monks and twelve lay brothers left Sittichenbach Abbey in 1 August 1192 and reached Buch on 17 August 1192. Kloster Buch is therefore a filial abbey of Sittichenbach, their primary abbey is Morimond. The foundation of the new abbey was initiated by Burgrave Heinrich III of Leisnig, who resided in nearby Mildenstein Castle. Unlike other Cistercian monasteries, it was not founded in uninhabited parts.
The Burgraves of Leisnig gifted the monastery with many villages. It also possessed several granges in the surrounding regions as well as outposts in Leipzig and Oschatz, indication its participation in the medieval overland trade. In 1309 the monastery acquired the town of Belgern, where it established an ecclesiastical manor, together with its ferry across the river Elbe.
The Margraves of Meißen, who forced the Burgraves of Leisnig to sell their burgraviate and who took possession of Mildenstein Castle in 1365, also bestowed the monastery with donations or had donations of their ministeriali transferred to it. Finally, the monastery held 52 villages.
The number of monks and lay brothers living in Kloster Buch has not been passed on. In the late Middle Ages most monks hailed from the local and neighbouring areas, the furthest known place of origin was Halle (Saale). In 1433 a manuscript bible was made in the monastery, and in 1441 the abbot gained privileges ordinarily reserved to bishops, such as to wear a mitre and a bishop's ring during Solemn Mass, and to consecrate objects for liturgical use. In the same year, the abbey was awarded a coat of arms by the Council of Basel, showing the Lamb of God, a flag with the Christian cross, and three roses symbolising Mary, the patron saint of the Cistercian order.
In 1486 a Cistercian school was founded in Belgern which prepared young monks for their studies, in particular at the Cistercian college of Leipzig University.
From dissolution until the 19th century
After abbot Antonius Dytz died on 20 December 1525, the monastery was dissolved in the course of the Protestant Reformation which had already prevailed in nearby Leisnig. Prince-elector John the Steadfast had the election of a new abbot suppressed and ordered the properties of the abbey to be administrated by their representative Kaspar Kitzscher. The monks were offered – according to their rank – parts of the property of the monastery as means of subsistence, or money to take up a civil trade. Alternatively, they were allowed remain on place.
The village of Klosterbuch grew from buildings surrounding the secularised monastery. In 1965 it was incorporated into Leisnig.
From 1532 on, the Landstände of Saxony took over the administration of the sequestered holdings of the monastery from the representatives of the Leisnig Amtmann More distant possessions were lost, while others were sold, such as the villages of Poselitz (1534) and Paudritzsch (1545). In 1548 the estate was put under the control of Klosteramt of Buch, and a register (Amtserbbuch) was compiled. In 1556, councilors of the Prince-elector took over the administration, and in 1567 the estate was given to Johann von Zeschau as a hereditary fiefdom, becoming a manor in the process. The Zeschau family had the abbot's house rebuilt and, probably around 1600, the manorial chapel built from the ruins of the choir of the abbey's church. During the Thirty Years' War the estate suffered much damage and had to be auctioned off. It was bought by Fürstenschule Grimma who had the manor chapel renovated and consecrated anew in 1678 by the church superintendent of Leisnig, and remained in possession of the estate until 1836, when it became property of the Saxon state.
20th and 21st century
In the course of the agrarian reforms (Bodenreform) in the Soviet occupation zone the manor was transformed into a Volkseigenes Gut. In 1990 this became a GbR who, however, stopped using the former monastery premises for agricultural purposes in 1994. Restoration works started in 1992, directed by the town of Leisnig and its local history club. In 2000 the premises passed into the hands of the support association Förderverein Kloster Buch e.V., and transformation into a historico-cultural centre began.
Floods in 2002 caused severe damage which was completely repaired until 2008. Today the former abbey is used as a venue for exhibitions, guided tours and other events, among them a monthly farmer's market and the yearly monastery and harvest festival in September. Each year, Kloster Buch receives tens of thousands of visitors.
Buildings
Of the medieval buildings, the eastern parts of the church, the chapter house, the infirmarium, the abbot's residence and several auxiliary buildings have survived.
The church was a pillared basilica with a nave and two aisles and a transept. An outer wall of an aisle, the choir and three sidechapels are still extant. Using medieval parts (pillars, windows, and vaults), a smaller evangelical church was built in the choir to serve the manor with an altar on its western side. From the courtyard it cannot be recognised as a church.
The chapter house with a length of 70 m is witness to the generous planning of the builders and founders who envisaged a numerous convent. Its room layout was changed several times according to the varying uses after the dissolution of the monastery. It contained the assembly room on the ground floor, while the upper floor served as the dormitorium. Toilets, the so-called necessarium, were located at its southern end. A sewer branching off the Mulde river flowed through this part of the building which was only accessible from the inside of the dormitorium. Remainders of the lower part of the necessarium can still be viewed.
The two-storied abbot's residence was built around 1400 as evidenced by dendrochronological studies of the roof timbers. Its outward appearance is determined by alterations performed in the 16th and 17th century, while the portal with its pointed arch dates back into the Middle Ages.
The infirmarium (sick quarters) was located behind the abbot's residence. The eastern part of the ward and the chapel have been preserved unlike the infirmaries and necessaries of other former monasteries.
Ruins of the so-called brewery or malt house are found west of the former monastic quarters. Here the lay brothers worked, guests were received, and travellers were accommodated. The location of the former cloister is traced by flower beds. A 10 m long fragment of the wall that once surrounded the entire premises has been preserved between chapter house and brewery.
The outbuildings dating from the time when the estate was operated as a manor now house the souvenir shop, a demonstration workshop and rooms with special offers for children. Behind them, a herb garden has been planted in the grounds leading towards the Mulde river.
Bibliography
(doctoral thesis)
References
Buildings and structures in Mittelsachsen
Cistercian monasteries in Germany
Monasteries in Saxony
1192 establishments in Europe
1190s establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
1520s disestablishments in the Holy Roman Empire
The Voice is the third extended play by South Korean group SG Wannabe. It was released on August 19, 2015, by CJ E&M Music and B2M Entertainment.
The EP was a commercial success peaking at number 5 on the Gaon Album Chart. The EP sold 10,463 physical copies as of October 2015.
Release
The EP was released on August 19, 2015, through several music portals, including Melon, and iTunes, for the global market.
Commercial performance
The Voice entered and peaked at number 5 on the Gaon Album Chart on the chart issue dated August 16-22, 2015. In its second week, the EP fell to number 13 and in its third week to number 23. In its fourth week, the EP placed at number 45, climbed to number 39 the following week and to number 31 in its sixth week. The EP climbed to number 22 in its eleventh week, before dropping the chart the following week.
The EP placed at number 14 on the chart for the month of August 2015, with 7,723 physical copies sold. It also charted at number 42 in September with 1,283 copies and at number 46 in October with 1,457 copies. The EP sold over 10,000 copies in 2015.
Track listing
Digital download
Charts
Release history
References
2015 EPs
SG Wannabe albums
Gómez is a town in Brandsen Partido in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. It is located in km marker 38 of National Route 215.
Population
According to the last census the population count was 335 () which represents a growth of 58.7% over 211 () the previous census.
Gómez or Estación Gómez
This town is misnamed Estación Gómez, as with many towns. Even figure on posters and access roads to it and in telephone directories, for example.
External links
Coord and NASA, Google images
Populated places in Buenos Aires Province
Slobodan Agoč (; born 18 January 1977) is a Serbian professional basketball coach and former player.
Personal life
Their son, Stefan (born 2002) is a basketball player, also. Stefan was a member of the Serbia national under-16 team at the 2018 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship.
References
External links
Eurobasket profile
Basketball profile
Proballers profile
1977 births
Living people
Basketball League of Serbia players
KK Borovica players
KK Beopetrol/Atlas Beograd players
KK MZT Skopje players
KK Novi Sad players
KK Lovćen players
KK Sloga players
KK Sutjeska players
KK Vojvodina players
KK Vojvodina Srbijagas players
KK Zastava players
Serbian men's basketball coaches
Serbian men's basketball players
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Bahrain
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Iran
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Montenegro
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Romania
Serbian expatriate basketball people in North Macedonia
Power forwards (basketball)
Philip Warburton Oland, (July 11, 1910 – November 29, 1996) was a Canadian business person and former chairperson and CEO of Moosehead Breweries Limited.
In 1930, they received a B.Sc. from the University of New Brunswick.
In 1970, they were made an Officer of the Order of Canada.
Philip Warburton (P.W.) Oland was one of New Brunswick's most successful business leaders and passionate community builders. A Chairman and President of Moosehead Breweries Ltd, a master brewer, a soldier and WWI veteran, a patron of the arts and a volunteer, P.W. Oland left an indelible mark on Canada, most significantly on the City of Saint John and the Province of New Brunswick.
Born in Halifax on July 11, 1910, Mr. Oland moved to Saint John with their family in 1917 in the aftermath of the Halifax Explosion. They earned a Bachelor of Science Degree in Chemistry in 1930 from the University of New Brunswick and studied brewing and malting in England and Copenhagen. They joined the family business, Moosehead Breweries Ltd., in 1932 as head brew master, creating Alpine Lager, which would become, and remains, one of the most popular beers in the Maritimes. They took on the role of President and CEO of Moosehead in 1961, becoming the fourth generation of their family to manage operations at Canada's oldest brewery. During this tenure, they guided the family business through a period of remarkable growth, launching Moosehead beer in the United States, which would eventually account for 40 per cent of the company's production. They were also instrumental in expanding to Great Britain and Australia.
A proud Canadian, Mr. Oland served as Captain in the 3rd Division Artillery during World War II. Following the war, they became Militia Group Commander for the West New Brunswick District, retiring in 1961 as Brigadier. A life member of the New Brunswick Army Cadet Corps, they served for 18 years as Honorary Colonel to New Brunswick's 3rd Field Artillery Regiment (the Loyal Company).
Mr. Oland was a committed community leader who gave generously of their time and support to numerous organizations. They played a key role in the establishment of the University of New Brunswick in Saint John and founded the Greater Saint John United Way, the New Brunswick Youth Orchestra and the Rothesay Pony Club. They were a long-time supporter of Atlantic universities, especially the University of New Brunswick in Saint John to which they donated the Mary O, a marine biology research vessel that has contributed greatly to the growth of the marine biology program. In 1992, UNBSJ named Philip W. Oland Hall in their honour. They served as President of the Saint John Board of Trade and took on roles with numerous other boards, including the University of New Brunswick, St. Thomas University, the Lester B. Pearson College of the Pacific and the Canadian Council of Business and the Arts in Canada.
A patron of the arts, Mr. Oland was the national chairperson of fundraising for the Confederation Centre of the Arts in Charlottetown, helped lead the efforts to restore the Imperial Theatre in Saint John and supported the Beaverbrook Art Gallery, Theatre New Brunswick and Opera New Brunswick. Among their awards and honors: Officer of the Order of Canada, the Coronation Medal, the Centennial Medal, the Canadian Forces Decoration, the Canadian Silver Jubilee Medal and Freeman of the City of Saint John. They also have honorary degrees from St. Thomas University, Saint Francis Xavier University, Mount Allison University, the University of New Brunswick and the University of Prince Edward Island.
They died on November 29, 1996 at the age of 86.
References
1910 births
1996 deaths
20th-century Canadian businesspeople
Officers of the Order of Canada
Corruption of Blood may refer to:
Corruption of Blood, a 1994 crime novel by Michael Gruber (author) / Robert K. Tanenbaum
Attainder#Corruption of blood, a concept in English criminal law
Lothar Mühleisen (1876 – 1956) was an Austro-Hungarian and later Yugoslav lawyer and politician. They were a lawyer and notary in Marburg (now Maribor) in then-Austria-Hungary. When Marburg became part of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes after the First World War, they became active in Yugoslav politics and was chairperson of the Politischer und wirtschaftlicher Verein der Deutschen in Slowenien, a party representing the German minority. They were a Member of the parliament of Maribor oblast from 1927 to 1929, and a member of the city council of Maribor from 1924 to 1931. As a politician Mühleisen worked to increase the influence of the German minority in Yugoslavia in "all sectors of state and government." They were no longer active in politics after 1935 and fled to Austria in 1945.
References
Austro-Hungarian lawyers
Representatives in the Yugoslav National Assembly (1921–1941)
Lawyers from Ljubljana
1876 births
1956 deaths
20th-century Slovenian lawyers
The 1965–66 season was the 10th season of the Liga Nacional de Baloncesto. Real Madrid won the title.
Teams and venues
League table
Relegation playoffs
|}
Tiebreaker
|}
Stats Leaders
Points
References
ACB.com
Linguasport
Liga Española de Baloncesto (1957–1983) seasons
1965–66 in Spanish basketball
The bucium (, also called trâmbiţă or tulnic) is a type of alphorn used by mountain dwellers and by shepherds in Romania and Moldova. The word is derived from Latin bucinum, originally meaning "curved horn", an instrument used by the Romans. The word is a cognate with English "bugle".
The tube is made from limetree bark, wood, or even (partially) from metal. It is mostly used by shepherds for signaling and communication in the forested mountains, as well as for guiding sheep and dogs. Trâmbiţa (from the old Germanic trumba, "to trumpet") produces sounds altogether different from those of the alphorn.
Under the name trembita it is also used by the Ukrainian Hutsuls and the Polish Gorals.
See also
Alphorn
Trembita
Erke
External links
Cântece de tulnic at Moţii.ro
"Fabrica de tulnice" in Jurnalul Naţional
"Tulnicăreasa din Târsa" in Formula AS
"Balada pentru tulnic" in Unirea
Romanian musical instruments
Natural horns and trumpets
José Riquelme y López-Bago (31 August 1880 – 28 January 1972) was a Spanish soldier noted for their involvement in the Second Moroccan War and the Spanish Civil War. They opposed the dictatorship of General Primo de Rivera. In 1987 they were honoured posthumously by King Juan Carlos who restored to them the rank of Lieutenant general.
Career
Riquelme spent most of their military career in Africa, during the Rif War. In 1921 they were Colonel and Chief of the Indigenous Police. After the Battle of Annual, they were involved in a confrontation with General Sanjurjo over the Expediente Picasso. In 1924 they participated in the Battle of Tétouan.
In 1929 they were a member of the military court that tried José Sánchez Guerra for the artillery revolt at Ciudad Real. The acquittal of the Conservative politician caused Riquelme to be overlooked for further appointments.
The chief minister and Minister of War, Alejandro Lerroux submitted Decree of 15 February 1935 for the signature of the President of the Republic, appointing Riquelme as chief of the Second Organic Division, based in the city of Seville.
They served as commander in chief of the First Military Region from the early days of the General Franco uprising and, at the end of the war, occupied the post of Commander General of the interior zone of the eastern region (Catalonia).
As General of the Infantry Brigade they remained faithful to the Republican government from the early days of the Spanish Civil War. They were appointed head of the Organic Division I, occupying the vacant position that existed after the failed coup of July 18. They commanded the forces that attacked Toledo and later fought in the Battle of Guadarrama. However, in early September their forces suffered heavy defeats in Oropesa and Talavera de la Reina that caused processing. Discharged in 1938, they returned to service as military commander for Barcelona.
Exile and death
From 1939, after the fall of Catalonia, López-Bago was exiled to France until their death in Paris in 1972. Their remains are interred in the Père Lachaise Cemetery, Paris.
Personal life
López-Bago married Milagros Ojeda Varona, their first wife, who was President of the Red Cross in Larache and their second wife, Manuela Ruiz Juan, who was president of the Red Cross committee for the Spanish Republic in exile in France. They have a granddaughter in Mexico from their first wife, Maria Rosa Judez Riquelme, and two great-grandchildren, Francisco and Diego Alberto Flores Judez.
References
1880 births
1972 deaths
Spanish military personnel of the Spanish Civil War (Republican faction)
Spanish generals
Kelly Marie Monaco (born May 23, 1976) is an American model, actor, and reality television personality, best known for their portrayal of Sam McCall on the ABC soap opera General Hospital and as the first season winner of the reality TV competition series Dancing with the Stars. Monaco was also Playboy "Playmate of the Month" for April 1997, and portrayed Livvie Locke on the soap opera Port Charles from 2000 through 2003.
Early life
Kelly Monaco was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to Albert "Al" and Carmina Monaco.  They are the middle child and has four sisters: Christine, Marissa, Carmina and Amber. The family moved to the Poconos where they attended Pocono Mountain High School taking their first acting classes. After high school they worked as a lifeguard at a local resort and attended Northampton Community College for two years.
Career
Early modeling
In 1996, Monaco, who had been thinking of a career in modeling, sent their photo to Playboy. As a result, they became the Playmate of the Month for April 1997. Throughout their tenure with Playboy in the 1990s, Monaco was also featured in many Playboy Special Edition publications.
Acting and reality television
Monaco's first television role was in the drama Baywatch from 1997 to 1998. In addition to playing the role of Susan on the show, Monaco was also Carmen Electra's body double at times, as Electra could not swim. Monaco also had minor roles in the late 1990s films BASEketball, Idle Hands, and Mumford.
Monaco had two roles in the ABC soap opera Port Charles: Olivia "Livvie" Locke Morley (1999–2003) and Tess Ramsey (2002–03). When that program ended, they joined the cast of the ABC soap opera General Hospital as Samantha McCall in October 2003.
In 2003, Monaco was nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for their role on Port Charles. In 2006, Monaco was again nominated for a Daytime Emmy, this time for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series for their role as Sam McCall on General Hospital. In 2006, Monaco also co-hosted the 33rd Annual Daytime Emmys, with Dancing with the Stars host Tom Bergeron.
In March 2009, Monaco was chosen by Donald Trump and Paula Shugart to be one of the judges for the 2009 Miss USA pageant.
Monaco starred on the E! reality television series Dirty Soap, which premiered on September 25, 2011.
Monaco was a cast member, and the season winner along with their professional partner, Alec Mazo, on the ABC reality television series Dancing with the Stars, during its first season in 2005. Although they initially faced tough criticism from the judges, they maintained a positive outlook throughout the series. Among the events they experienced before their victory was a wardrobe malfunction in which the skimpy strap on their dress came apart during a Latin dance number.
Monaco appeared in a Maxim cover feature in 2005, and the magazine also placed them at #13 on their annual Hot 100 List in 2006.
In February 2009, Monaco expanded their dancing résumé with Peepshow, a burlesque act directed by Tony Award-winning director Jerry Mitchell, that plays at the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino in Las Vegas. Monaco starred as Bo Peep, a precocious character who discovers their sexuality throughout the show. Monaco starred alongside singer and fellow Dancing with the Stars contestant Melanie Brown, until June 2009, when Monaco's contract expired and they were replaced by Holly Madison. The same year, Monaco was named Maxim's number one sexiest cover model of the decade.
On July 27, 2012, it was announced that Monaco would be participating in the 15th season of Dancing with the Stars for a chance to win a second mirrorball trophy. This time they were partnered with Valentin Chmerkovskiy. After making the finals for a second time, Monaco finished in third place on November 27, 2012.
In November 2017, Monaco returned to 25th season of Dancing with the Stars in week eight, to participate in a trio rumba with Terrell Owens and their professional partner Cheryl Burke.
Charity work
In July 2009, Monaco and several other daytime celebrities traveled to Kenya, Africa, as a part of the Feed the Children program, delivering food and other supplies and visiting schools and orphanages built by Feed the Children.
On October 24, 2009, as part of the iParticipate campaign, Monaco and several of their General Hospital co-stars volunteered to help beautify a school in Los Angeles.
Personal life
When Monaco was a junior in high school, they met Mike Gonzalez, and began a relationship with him. They worked together as lifeguards at a local resort and attended community college together. They remained together for 18 years. They broke up in 2009, but as seen in the premiere episode of the reality television series Dirty Soap in 2011, they were still mourning the loss of this relationship. Monaco's General Hospital costar Kirsten Storms counseled them through their feelings on that episode by convincing them to burn their prom dress.
On April 25, 2009, Monaco's apartment at the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino was ransacked by burglars.
Filmography
Television
Film
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1976 births
American female models
American soap opera actores
American television actores
Living people
Participants in American reality television series
Actresses from Philadelphia
1990s Playboy Playmates
Dancing with the Stars (American TV series) winners
Female models from Pennsylvania
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
John Chaunce (fl. 1406–1409) of Reigate, Surrey, was an English Member of Parliament for Reigate in 1406, 1407, 1417 and 1419.
References
14th-century births
15th-century deaths
15th-century English people
English MPs 1406
English MPs 1407
English MPs 1417
English MPs 1419
People from Reigate
Magyar Idők () was a national conservative Hungarian newspaper, associated with the Fidesz government.
It was formed from Napi Gazdaság ('Daily Business'), a business newspaper founded in 1991. In 2013 it was sold to Századvég Gazdaságkutató, a think tank associated with the Fidesz political party. On 20 April 2015 it was bought by Gábor Liszkay, former editor of Magyar Nemzet. The last publication of Napi Gazdaság was 31 August 2015 and Magyar Idők was launched next day.
The paper came from a fallout between Prime Minister Viktor Orbán and media owner Lajos Simicska who since declared their support for the Jobbik party. Pro-Orban journalists left Simicska-owned outlets (mainly Magyar Nemzet) and set up the pro-government newspaper.
According to reports, Magyar Idők had published articles criticizing "liberal, globalist, and cosmopolitan culture", and attacked an opera of Billy Elliot as "gay propaganda".
Following the closure of Magyar Nemzet, Gábor Liszkay bought the now-defunct newspaper and revived it with Magyar Idők's journalists. Therefore, starting from 6 February 2019, Magyar Idők is no longer published.
Editors
Péter Csermely (1 September 2015 – 15 November 2016)
Ottó Gajdics (15 November 2016 – 5 February 2019)
References
Fidesz
Daily newspapers published in Hungary
Publications established in 2015
Publications disestablished in 2019
2015 establishments in Hungary
2019 disestablishments in Hungary
Ernest Ronald Oxburgh, Baron Oxburgh, (born 2 November 1934) is an English geologist, geophysicist and politician. Lord Oxburgh is well known for their work as a public advocate in both academia and the business world in addressing the need to reduce carbon dioxide emissions and develop alternative energy sources as well as their negative views on the consequences of current oil consumption.
Early life
Oxburgh was born in Liverpool on 2 November 1934. They remained there with their family throughout World War II, despite Luftwaffe air raids. They attended Liverpool Institute High School for Boys from 1942 to 1950.  They are a graduate of the University College, Oxford and Princeton University (PhD) (1960) where they worked on the emerging theory of plate tectonics with the famous geologist Harry Hammond Hess.
Career
Oxburgh has taught geology and geophysics at the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge. At Cambridge they were head of the Department of Earth Sciences and President of Queens' College. They have been a visiting professor at Stanford, Caltech, and Cornell. From 1988 to 1993, Lord Oxburgh was chief scientific adviser to the Ministry of Defence, and Rector of Imperial College London from 1993 to 2000. They were a member of the National Committee of Inquiry into Higher Education that published an influential report in 1997.
During 2004–05 Oxburgh was a non-executive chairperson of Shell, the UK arm of Royal Dutch Shell. Their tenure was remarkable in that while chairing a fossil fuels giant they expressed their "fears for the planet" because of climate change, sought new energy sources, and urged the global community to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Lord Oxburgh was appointed Deputy Chairman of the Science and Engineering Research Council (Singapore), as of 1 January 2002, and is a member of the International Academic Advisory Panel of Singapore and the University Grants Committee (Hong Kong).  They are honorary president of the Carbon Capture and Storage Association, chairperson of Falck Renewables, a wind energy firm, an advisor to Climate Change Capital. They were chairperson of D1 Oils, plc, a biodiesel producer, in 2007, and a director of GLOBE, the Global Legislators Organisation for a Balanced Environment.
In March 2010, they were appointed as the chairperson of an inquiry into the research conducted by the Climatic Research Unit following the Climatic Research Unit hacking incident. The report, released 14 April 2010, found that "...work has been carried out with integrity, and that allegations of deliberate misrepresentation and unjustified selection of data are not valid." Critics asserted Oxburgh's ties with businesses that stood to profit from the decision created a conflict of interest. The University of East Anglia did not see any conflict of interest, stating,
"The choice of scientists is sure to be the subject of discussion, and experience would suggest that it is impossible to find a group of eminent scientists to look at this issue who are acceptable to every interest group which has expressed a view in the last few months. Similarly it is unlikely that a group of people who have the necessary experience to assess the science, but have formed no view of their own on global warming, could be found.
Personal life
While at Princeton, Oxburgh was joined by their fiancée, Ursula, whom they married in the university chapel. They have three children. An outdoorsman, Oxburgh enjoyed orienteering and running marathons until knee surgery limited them to mountain hikes with their wife.
Awards and honors
They were appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) in the 1992 Birthday Honours and made a Life Peer as Baron Oxburgh, of Liverpool in the County of Merseyside on 27 July 1999, where they sit as a crossbencher on the House of Lords Select Committee on Science and Technology and is an officer of the All-Parliamentary Group for Earth Sciences.
 They are an honorary fellow of St Edmund Hall and University College, Oxford.
They received the 2007 Platts Life Time Achievement Award.
 They are a fellow of the Royal Society.
 They are a Corresponding fellow of the Australian Academy of Science.
 They are an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering and a Foreign member of the US National Academy of Sciences as well as the Australian Academy of Science and the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina.
 They are an Honorary Fellow of Liverpool John Moores University.
Degree of Doctor of Science, honoris causa, from Leeds University conferred 21 July 2009
Singapore Honorary Citizenship, from the President Tony Tan Keng Yam of Singapore, conferred 2 October 2012.
They were awarded the Melchett Medal by the British Energy Institute on 2 December 2014
Selected bibliography
Oxburgh, E.R. (1968) The Geology of the eastern Alps, London: Geologists' Association, 127 p.
Oxburgh, E R. (1974) The plain man's guide to plate tectonics, The eleventh Geologists' Association special lecture delivered 2 February 1973, Oxford: Geologists' Association., Reprinted from the Proceedings of the Geologists' Association, 85 (3)
Moorbath, S., Thompson, R.N. and Oxburgh, E.R. (1984) "The relative contributions of mantle, oceanic crust and continental crust to magma genesis: Proceedings of a Royal Society discussion meeting held on 23 and 24 March 1983", Philosophical transactions of the Royal Society of London, 310 (1514), 342 p., London: Royal Society,
Oxburgh, E R., Yardley, B.W.D. and England, P.C. (Eds) (1987) Tectonic settings of regional metamorphism, Proceedings of a Royal Society discussion meeting in association with IGCP project no.235 on 'Metamorphism and Geodynamics' held on 29 and 30 January 1986, London: Royal Society,
Butler, R. Sir, Oxburgh, R. Sir and Field, F. (1996) Social business, Newchurch lecture series, London: Newchurch & Company,
Oxburgh, E.R., Baron (Chairman) (2004) "Chips for everything: follow-up: report with evidence": 1st report of session 2003–04 / House of Lords, Science and Technology Committee, House of Lords papers 15, London: Stationery Office,
Oxburgh, E.R., Baron (Chairman) (2004) "Radioactive waste management: report with evidence: 5th report of session 2003–04 / House of Lords, Science and Technology Committee", House of Lords papers 200, London: Stationery Office,
Oxburgh, E.R., Baron (Chairman) (2004) "Renewable energy: practicalities ; 4th report of session 2003–04 / House of Lords, Science and Technology Committee", House of Lords papers 126, London: Stationery Office,
Oxburgh, E.R., Baron (Chairman) (2004) "Science and the RDAs: follow-up: report with evidence: 2nd report of session 2003-04 / Select Committee on Science and Technology", House of Lords papers 103''', London: Stationery Office,
Oxburgh, E.R., Baron (Chairman) (2004) "Science and treaties: 3rd report of session 2003-04 / Select Committee on Science and Technology", House of Lords papers, 110, London: Stationery Office,
References
External links
Ernest Ronald Oxburgh Profile
The right climate for business: Ron Oxburgh talk at the Royal Society
Ron Oxburgh: "I'm really very worried for the planet" from The Guardian
Ron Oxburgh: Honorary Fellow of St Edmund Hall, Oxford
Shell boss Ron Oxburgh "Fears for the planet"
Announcement of their introduction at the House of Lords House of Lords minutes of proceedings, 12 October 1999
Former Shell Exec Sees Oil Hitting $150 The Independent
Climate Change Capital's Lord Oxburgh Wins Platts Life Time Achievement Award
1934 births
Living people
Alumni of University College, Oxford
People educated at Liverpool Institute High School for Boys
Princeton University alumni
Presidents of Queens' College, Cambridge
Rectors of Imperial College London
Crossbench life peers
Scientists from Liverpool
Chief Scientific Advisers to the Ministry of Defence
Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering
Fellows of the Royal Society
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Foreign associates of the National Academy of Sciences
Presidents of the British Science Association
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Science
Honorary Citizens of Singapore
Members of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina
Life peers created by Elizabeth II
F19 or F-19 may refer to:
F-19, a designation for a hypothetical United States fighter aircraft
Faucett F-19, a 1940s Peruvian eight-seat transport monoplane
Focke-Wulf F 19, a German aircraft
Fluorine-19 (F-19 or 19F), an isotope of fluorine
Erigeron howellii is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known as Howell's fleabane. It has been found in the Cascades in the northwestern United States, in northwestern Oregon and southwestern Washington.
Erigeron howellii is a perennial herb up to 50 centimeters (20 inches) tall, spreading by means of underground rhizomes. Each plant generally produces only one flower head, with up to 50 white ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
howellii
Flora of Oregon
Plants described in 1880
Flora of Washington (state)
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
William Thomas Byrne (March 6, 1876 – January 27, 1952) was an attorney and politician from Albany, New York. They were most notable for their service in the New York State Senate (1923-1936) and a United States Representative from New York (1937 until their death).
Byrne was born in Florida, Montgomery County, New York and raised in Albany. They attended the public schools and Albany Law School and became an attorney in Albany. Active in politics as a Democrat, they won election to the State senate in 1922, and served from 1923 to 1936. In 1936, they were a successful candidate for Congress, and they served in the U.S. House from 1937 until their death.
Early life
Byrne was born in Florida, Montgomery County, New York, and was the son of Richard Henry Byrne, a carpenter, and Margaret Manifold Byrne, a school teacher, both of whom were immigrants from Ireland. Their family moved to Albany when they were an infant, and their father operated a bar and grill on Broadway while Byrne attended the city's public schools. Byrne graduated from Albany High School in 1896 and Albany Law School in 1904. They were admitted to the bar the same year, and practiced law in Albany.
Byrne was active in several civic organizations, including the YMCA and Elks. After attending the 1896 Democratic National Convention and hearing William Jennings Bryan speak, Byrne developed a lifelong interest in oratory. In addition to honing their own speaking skills through study and practice, Byrne instructed a course on public speaking for the Albany-area YMCA. They also taught public speaking at Albany Law School. Byrne spoke frequently at public events and developed a nationwide reputation as an orator on behalf of these and other organizations. In 1922 and 1924, Byrne nominated Al Smith for governor at the state Democratic convention. In 1938, they were called upon to nominate Herbert H. Lehman for reelection as governor.
Active in politics as a Democrat, Byrne was one of the lieutenants employed by Daniel P. O'Connell when they developed the party organization that wrested control of the city and county of Albany from longtime Republican boss William Barnes Jr. Byrne was also active physically throughout their life, golfing frequently and undertaking difficult hikes and walking trips. For most life, they made the annual 35 mile trip between their Albany-area home and their summer home in Montgomery County on foot. In November 1951, one of their U.S. House colleagues noted that Byrne marched the entire length of a four mile Veterans Day parades in Albany, after which they delivered two speeches in commemoration of the holiday.
State senator
They were a member of the New York State Senate (30th D.) from 1923 to 1936, sitting in the 146th, 147th, 148th, 149th, 150th, 151st, 152nd, 153rd, 154th, 155th, 156th, 157th, 158th and 159th New York State Legislatures.
During their senate career, Byrne was chairperson at different times of the committees on codes, labor, industry, judiciary, and agriculture. In the State Senate, Byrne was credited with authoring New York's unemployment compensation insurance law, as well as backing measures in favor of workplace and farm safety. While chairperson of the agriculture committee, they shepherded to passage New York's first law to regulate the quality and composition of raw milk produced by the state's dairy farmers.
Congressman
They were elected as a Democrat to the 75th, 76th, 77th, 78th, 79th, 80th, 81st and 82nd United States Congresses, holding office from January 3, 1937 until their death. Byrne rarely spoke on the floor of the House, but was active as a staunch supporter of the Franklin D. Roosevelt administration's New Deal and World War II initiatives. Byrne had been a friend of the Roosevelt family since the early 1920s, and frequently visited the governor's mansion during Roosevelt's governorship. According to a widely republished February 1942 newspaper story, Byrne arrived at the White House for a five minute appointment with Roosevelt. Roosevelt was behind schedule, so Byrne entered their office late, but they remained together for over 40 minutes as Roosevelt's other appointments continued to back up. When asked afterwards about the nature of the meeting and the length of their conversation, Byrne informed reporters that Roosevelt and they reminisced and shared stories about mutual friends, with Roosevelt happy for a temporary distraction from issues related to the war.
Byrne was appointed to the Judiciary Committee in their first term, and advanced through seniority to chair two of its subcommittees, the subcommittee on claims, and a special subcommittee that considered reapportionment of the House following the 1950 census. In the years following World War II, Byrne led a House delegation on an extended trip to Europe as it studied they problem of displace persons and considered possible solutions.
Death and burial
Byrne died at St. Mary's Hospital in Troy, New York on January 27, 1952 while receiving treatment after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage. Their funeral was held at the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Albany on January 31, 1952. Honorary bearers included Daniel P. O'Connell, Erastus Corning 2nd and John Boyd Thacher II. Byrne was buried at St. John's Cemetery in West Albany.
Family
In 1908, Byrne married Josephine Diener at St. Patrick's Church in Watervliet, New York. They had no children, and they died in 1948. After their wife's death, Byrne resided in Loudonville with their sisters, Elizabeth Turkenkoph and Anne Byrne.
Legacy
Their home, the Senator William T. Byrne House, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1950–99)
References
External links
Memorial Services Held in the House of Representatives of the United States, Together with Remarks Presented in Eulogy of William Thomas Byrne (Late a Representative from New York) at Hathi Trust Digital Library
1876 births
1952 deaths
People from Florida, Montgomery County, New York
New York (state) state senators
Albany Law School alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
People from Colonie, New York
Members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
The Play-offs of the 2010 Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Zone Group I were the final stages of the Group I Zonal Competition involving teams from Asia and Oceania. Using the positions determined in their pools, the eight teams faced off to determine their placing in the 2010 Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Zone Group I. The top team advanced to the World Group II, and the bottom team was relegated down to the Group II for the next year.
Promotional Play-Offs
The first placed teams of each pool were placed against each other in a head-to-head round. The winner of the rounds advanced to the World Group II Play-offs, where they would get a chance to advance to the World Group II for next year.
Japan vs. Chinese Taipei
Third to Fourth Play-Offs
The second-placed teams from each pool were drawn in head-to-head rounds to find the third and fourth placed teams.
South Korea vs. Kazakhstan
Fifth to Sixth Play-off
The third placed teams of each pool were placed against each other in a tie. The winner of the tie was allocated fifth place in the Group while the loser was allocated sixth.
New Zealand vs. Thailand
Relegation Play-Offs
The last placed teams of each pool were placed against each other in a head-to-head round. The losing team was relegated to Group II for next year.
Indonesia vs. Uzbekistan
Final Placements
advanced to the World Group II Play-offs, and were drawn against . They lost 1–4, and thus was relegated back to Group I for 2011.
was relegated down to Asia/Oceania Zone Group II for the next year, where they placed first overall and thus achieved advancement back to Group I for 2012.
See also
Fed Cup structure
References
External links
Fed Cup website
2009 Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Zone
Bartholomew of Pisa may refer to:
Bartholomew Albizzi (died 1342), Franciscan hagiographer
Bartholomew Rinonico (died 1401), Italian Franciscan and chronicler
Bartholomew of San Concordio, (died 1347) Dominican canon lawyer
Charles H. Hogan (January 9, 1850 – July 19, 1939) was an American train engineer, mostly for the New York Central railroad company. Their talent knew how to run steam locomotives at peak capacity without doing harm to the boiler. Nearly all high speeds made by New York Central trains in the late nineteenth century were done by Hogan. They set in motion the concept of schedules for trains in the United States.
Hogan had various positions with the New York Central railroad. In their 70-year career with the company they were a water-boy, firefighter, mechanic, engineer, manager, and executive.  They are most noted for driving locomotive number 999 when it reached a claimed after which they received the nickname 999 Hogan.
Early life
Hogan was born in Cleveland, Ohio on January 9, 1850. Their father was Charles Hogan and their mother was Ann (Wolf) Hogan, both from Ireland. Their father started working for the New York Central Railroad in 1853 at the age of 36. Before Hogan was a year old their family had moved to LeRoy, New York. They received a public school education at that town until they were fourteen years old. Hogan worked as an apprentice for a carriage iron maker. However, they wanted to be a locomotive engineer and left their apprenticeship and got a part-time job as a water boy on a section of New York Central railroad track where a gang of men is working and their father was the supervisor. Hogan met Abraham Lincoln while working as a water boy.
Mid life and career
Hogan began full-time employment for the New York Central railroad company when they were fifteen years old starting on April 1, 1865. They were first an extra switch tender, then a brakeman, later a firefighter. They left the company in 1867 and worked for the Union Pacific Railroad first as a firefighter and later as an engineer. They were there from 1867 to 1871. They then returned to New York Central becoming first an assistant locomotive engineman and officially an engineer on December 1 1871. A year later they married a lady they had been interested in when they went west in 1867.
As Hogan took on more and more responsibility in their new position at the New York Central railroad company they built up a reputation as a safe and dependable train engineer. They were promoted to be the locomotive driver to pull a special train of industrialists on which the business magnate Cornelius Vanderbilt was the main passenger. As time went on they built up a good relationship with Vanderbilt and drove their personal train. Eventually Hogan was promoted to senior locomotive engineer. When not driving Vanderbilt's train they had a regular passenger train they drove that went between Syracuse and Buffalo, New York.
Locomotive 999
During 1891, in response to concerns that other railroad companies and foreign countries would exhibit trains at the upcoming 1893 Chicago's World Fair, the New York Central railroad company decided to make a locomotive, designed to exceed the limit, at their machine shops in West Albany, New York.
Locomotive number 999 was made and tested in secret on the track from Syracuse to Buffalo with Hogan as the locomotive driver on May 9, 1893 with the Buffalo Evening News calling Hogan "king of engineers" for the accomplishment of driving the locomotive at high speed. On May 10 the run was repeated with railroad officials and newspaper reporters riding the Empire State Express to record the speed as a publicity stunt celebrating the 25th anniversary of the driving of the golden spike to join the rails of the first transcontinental railroad across the United States. Hogan drove the locomotive again and achieved a claimed speed of which was published in newspapers nationwide as an advertising campaign for publicity as preparation for exhibiting the train at the World's Fair. Hogan was then promoted to executive traveling engineer driving trains in the eastern United States as a locomotive pilot.
Promotions
Hogan was promoted to starting level master mechanic in 1895 at Buffalo. They drove most of the New York Central trains that broke speed records in the late nineteenth century. Railroaders were looking forward to when would be a normal scheduled speed for trains and Hogan was the pioneer that lead the way. Their success in keeping up high speed for locomotives was their steady manner of working up to it by making a careful study of how to work the engine into high velocity. They studied the locomotive that they drove so they would know the characteristics that would produce the highest velocity with the least possible drain on the boiler. They knew the correct amount of water to feed the boiler to get the maximum amount of power from it without causing priming no matter what the demand was from the locomotive cylinders for the supply of steam. They usually ran the locomotive at full throttle, which was a strain on the engine, and then controlled the speed by the reverse lever. They did their own inspections and that prevented any accidents to their locomotives they drove at high speeds.
Hogan was promoted to a higher level master mechanic in West Albany October 1900. In May 1904 they became division superintendent of locomotive power which had headquarters at Depew, New York. Hogan was appointed assistant superintendent of locomotives at New York Central's Albany shops on August 1, 1910. In 1920, they were promoted to the company's general manager position of the department of shop labor that had headquarters in Buffalo. They showed that they were just as capable as an executive as they were a train operator.
Personal life
Hogan married Mary E. Brown of LeRoy in December 1872. They were born in 1851 at Rochester, New York. They made Syracuse their residence for a short time and then moved to Buffalo in 1884. Their children were Genevieve T., A. Gertrude, and Joseph Vincent Hogan. Hogan was on the board of directors of the American Savings bank in Buffalo when it was formed in 1907. Mary died April 24, 1909. Hogan was seriously ill for some two weeks before they died at the age of 89 at their home in Buffalo on November 11, 1939.
References
Sources
1850 births
1929 deaths
19th-century American engineers
19th-century American people
Businesspeople from Buffalo, New York
Businesspeople from Cleveland
{{Infobox military conflict
|conflict= 2012 Hama offensive
|partof= the Syrian Civil War
|image=2012 Hama Offensive.svg
|image_size = 300px
|caption= Frontlines during and following the offensive|date= 16–31 December 2012()
|place=Hama Governorate, Syria
|result= Offensive stopped
FSA fighters take control of 10 towns and villages in northern Hama
Halfaya massacre
Syrian Army counterattack recaptures several towns and villages
|combatant1= Syrian National Coalition
Free Syrian Army
|combatant2= Syrian Government
Syrian Armed Forces
|commander1= Kassem Saadeddin
|commander2=Unknown
|units1=Unknown
|units2= Unknown
|strength1=~1,000 fighters
|strength2=2,000 soldiers
|casualties1= 132 killed
|casualties2= 111 killed
|casualties3= 90–200 civilians killed
}}
The 2012 Hama offensive''' was a military operation during the Syrian Civil War launched by the Syrian opposition on 16 December 2012, with the intent of taking control of the Hama Province. The offensive was stopped after the Syrian Army launched a counter-offensive, leaving the rebels in control of only half a dozen towns and villages in the north of the province.
Background
With the Hama province largely controlled by Army Forces, the FSA launched an offensive on 16 December, to capture the province and Hama city itself and by the same time, cutting the principal supply route of the Army in Aleppo.
The offensive
The rebel military council of Hama announced the start of the offensive on 16 December, giving Syrian government troops in the province an ultimatum to surrender to the Free Syrian Army within 48 hours. Within two days, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Qassem Saadeddine, a member of the Free Syrian Army military command, claimed that Syrian government troops had already been cleared from the towns of Halfaya, Kafr Nabudah, Hayalin, Hasraya, al-Lataminah, Taybat al-Imam and Kafr Zita, leaving the rebels in control of the rural western part of Hama Province, and all areas north of Hama city. Rebels had advanced south from Maarrat al-Nu'man and Jisr ash-Shugour, encountering little resistance. It seemed that rebels had overrun Syrian Army lines north of Hama city within 48 hours. Government positions in Khan Shaykhun and Mhardeh were reportedly under attack by rebel forces.
The rebels also made claims of fighting inside Hama city itself, with international analysts wondering if the Syrian Army was redeployed towards Homs and Latakia. However, this was not confirmed.
On 19 December, according to the Local Coordination Committees (LCC), Syrian Government security forces reportedly set up checkpoints outside Hayalin, leading to doubts as to whether or not rebels had full control over the town, unlike the other places they captured in the operation.
On 20 December, rebels attacked and captured parts of the town of Morek in Hama's countryside, and were surrounding the Alawite towns of Ma'an and al-Tleisa.
On 23 December, the LCC and SOHR reported that up to 300 civilians were killed by bombing from warplanes in the city of Halfaya, while queuing for bread at a bakery. The Syrian Government did agree that many women and children were killed, however they blamed rebel fighters who they say attacked the town.
On 26 December, the Syrian Army retook control of three Alawite villages, including Ma'an, repelling the rebels who had entered them days earlier.
On 29 December, six people were killed by the Syrian air force bombardment on the town of Kafr Nabudah, two of them were children and two women. Also, one civilian was killed by the bombardment on the town of Taybat al-Imam. A week later, Assad forces from Qamhana, attacked this same town.
On 30 December, the Syrian Army general command announced that they took back control of the strategic town of Morek.
On 31 December, Syrian Army shelling was reported on Halfaya.
Aftermath
On 21 January 2013, SOHR said that a car bomb near the headquarters of a pro-government militia killed 50 people in the eastern suburbs of Hama.
On 22 January, the military launched an offensive, with the aim of recapturing territory lost during the rebel advance into northern Hama. 1,500 soldiers and 100 tanks were being used in the operation, and the focus was on the town of Kernaz in Mhardeh District, where up to 1,000 rebel fighters were based. By early February, the rebels were reportedly in fear of losing Kernaz and with it Kafr Naboudeh. This would leave the military in control of the whole north of Hama, reversing all previous rebel gains.
On 6 February, 54 government employees of a defense-related factory were killed in al-Buraq south of Hama city, when a mini-bus blew up at a bus stop.
On 7 February, the military recaptured Kernaz, after 16 days of fighting. Two days before, the Army had also regained control of the nearby town of Mughir, securing a corridor to Alawite villages in the west of the province.
References
Hama offensive
Hama offensive
Hama Governorate in the Syrian civil war
Military operations of the Syrian civil war involving the Syrian government
Military operations of the Syrian civil war involving the Free Syrian Army
December 2012 events in Syria
Bang Rak (, ) is a khwaeng (subdistrict) and historic neighbourhood in Bangkok's Bang Rak District. It lies between the Chao Phraya River and Charoen Krung Road, and was home to communities of European expatriates who settled in the area mostly during the second half of the 19th century as Siam (as Thailand was then known) opened up to the West. Among them were the Portuguese, French and British, whose embassies occupied extensive grounds in the area, Danes who founded shipping companies as well as the historic Oriental Hotel, and Catholic missionaries who established some of the first schools in the country on the grounds surrounding Assumption Cathedral.
Bang Rak was among the city's busiest commercial neighbourhoods at the turn of the 19th–20th centuries, but declined in prominence as newer development soon moved elsewhere. Beginning in the 2010s, urban revitalization efforts have led the area to become known as the Charoenkrung Creative District, a project led by the Thailand Creative & Design Center, which re-established its headquarters at the Grand Postal Building in 2017.
History
When Bangkok became capital of the Rattanakosin Kingdom in 1782, fringe communities developed outside its city walls, mainly along the banks of the Chao Phraya River. Downstream of the walled city beyond the Chinese community of Sampheng, the river's eastern bank became home to several ethnic communities, including Portuguese and Chinese Catholics centred around the Holy Rosary Church, Malays, and Vietnamese refugees led by the future Emperor Gia Long. The area gradually attracted European visitors, beginning with French Catholic missionaries, who eventually took over the management of the church. They also founded a new church (later to become the Assumption Cathedral) some distance further south in 1822, and based their mission offices there. They were followed by Protestants, mainly Americans, in the 1830s. Portugal was the first foreign nation to establish a consulate in the capital, having been granted a piece of land in the area in 1820.
When King Mongkut (Rama IV) ascended the throne in 1851, the city had grown beyond its original walls, and Khlong Phadung Krung Kasem was dug in 1852 to extend the city's periphery. The canal separated the riverside communities, with the Chinese neighbourhood of Talat Noi on the city side, and the Portuguese Consulate and Assumption Church on the other, which later became known as Bang Rak. The origins of the name are unclear, though two prevailing theories posit that it derived either from that of the rak (Gluta usitata) tree, a large trunk of which had been found in the area, or from the word rak ( 'heal'), after hospitals operated by the area's missionaries. Western communities were encouraged to settle here, and consulates were established in the area as Siam signed trade treaties with European powers, beginning with the British, whose consulate was built next to Portugal's in 1857. The French followed soon after. Charoen Krung Road, the country's first modern road, was built to serve the area in 1862, following a petition by the consuls.
The advent of land-based transport transformed the city, and Charoen Krung Road became its first main thoroughfare. As the country continued to modernize under Mongkut's successor King Chulalongkorn (Rama V, r. 1868–1910), Western values became expressed through the architecture of public and private buildings. In Bang Rak, several were built in various Western styles from the late-18th to early-19th centuries, including the Customs House and the original building of Assumption College (one of the first schools in the country, founded by the Catholic Mission), both completed in grand Palladian style in 1890. Many private enterprises were established in the area, including the famous luxury hotel the Oriental. By the turn of the century, Bang Rak had become a busy commercial hub in addition to Bangkok's main expatriate neighbourhood, a busy conglomeration of residences, shops, diplomatic and business offices, as well as rice mills, sawmills, warehouses and a harbour.
Bang Rak's economic prominence gradually declined as newer development shifted elsewhere during the 20th century. In the 21st century, increasing interest in cultural tourism led to a renewed interest in the architectural and historic sites of Bang Rak and neighbouring Talat Noi. The 2010s saw the neighbourhood become the focus of urban revitalization efforts aiming to revive the area as a creative district. Galleries, public artworks, and "hip" cafes are now scattered throughout the neighbourhood. The project is supported by the Thailand Creative & Design Center, which re-established its headquarters at the Grand Postal Building (built in 1940 on the former site of the British consulate) in 2017, though concerns remain over the trend towards gentrification and the encroachment of development.
Geography
Bang Rak Subdistrict occupies an elongated strip of land between Chao Phraya River to the west and Charoen Krung Road on the east. It is bounded by Khlong Phadung Krung Kasem to the north, across which lies the Talat Noi neighbourhood of Samphanthawong District, and Khlong Sathon to the south, across which is the district of Sathon. The other subdistricts of Bang Rak District—Maha Phruettharam, Si Phraya, Suriyawong and Si Lom—all border it on the east, while across the River lies Khlong San District. The subdistrict's area totals .
Neighbourhoods
Bang Rak's multicultural history is reflected in its various historic and religious sites, which include Buddhist temples, mosques, a Chinese shrine, and the Catholic cathedral. The area's neighbourhoods are served by several side streets (soi) branching off Charoen Krung Road. They include the following, from north to south.
Soi Nai Loet
As Charoen Krung Road crosses Phitthayasathian Bridge into Bang Rak, it branches off to Soi Charoen Krung 26 (Soi 26 for short) and Soi 28, also known as Nai Loet 1 and 2 after the turn-of-the-century business person Nai Lert, whose emporium used to front the road here. At seven storeys, it was the tallest building in the city at its opening in 1927.
Si Phraya and Captain Bush Lane
Near the northern end of the subdistrict is Si Phraya Road, which serves the same neighbourhood as Soi Charoen Krung 30 or Captain Bush Lane, where the Portuguese Embassy is located, along with the Royal Orchid Sheraton hotel and other historic buildings.
General Post Office and Wat Muang Khae
Continuing south, between Soi 32 and Soi 34 is the General Post Office or Grand Postal Building, which, along with the offices of CAT Telecom, sits on the former location of the British Embassy. Soi 34 serves the Buddhist temple Wat Muang Khae. The two streets are also known as Soi Praisani Klang (after the post office's Thai name) and Soi Wat Muang Khae, respectively.
Customs House
Soi 36 or Soi Rong Phasi ('Customs House Lane') is home to the historic Customs House building and Haroon Mosque, which serves an old Muslim community. The French Embassy is also located here, leading the street to be named "Rue de Brest" in 2013 to commemorate diplomatic relations, reciprocating Rue de Siam in the French city of Brest. O.P. Garden, occupying a corner at the soi beginning, comprises a group of buildings that used to house the first polyclinic in Thailand, operated by the conservationist doctor Boonsong Lekagul. Today it features several shops, cafés and galleries.
Oriental
Soi 38 is also known as Chartered Bank Lane after the Chartered Bank of India, Australia and China, which was established here in 1894. The Falck & Beidek store, now known as O.P. Place, is still located here. Soi 40 or Soi Burapha, also known as Oriental Avenue, serves the Mandarin Oriental, Bangkok (as the Oriental is now known) and the East Asiatic Building (the former headquarters of the Danish East Asiatic Company), as well as the Catholic Mission, which operates the adjacent Assumption Cathedral, Assumption College boys' school, and Assumption Convent and Assumption Suksa girls' schools. Some of the mission offices occupy the former building of the Banque de l'Indochine, built in 1908.
Wat Suan Phlu
Soi 42 and Soi 42/1 serve Wat Suan Phlu, known for its historic teak houses, as well as the Shangri-La Hotel.
Bang Rak Market and Ban U
Towards the southern end of the subdistrict, Soi 44 (Talat Luang) and Soi 46 (Ban U) serve the Bang Rak Market and Ban Oou Mosque. The Bang Rak Market was established during Chulalongkorn's reign by the nobleman Luang Nawakenikon, who later sold it off to the state.
Taksin Bridge
Soi 50 (Keson) is the last street before Charoen Krung Road crosses Sathon. On its corner is a branch of Robinson Department Store. The Hainanese Chiao Eng Biao Shrine faces the terminal end of Sathon Road, above which is the Taksin Bridge and Saphan Taksin BTS Station.
Transport
Bang Rak is served by the BTS Skytrain's Saphan Taksin Station, which connects to the main Sathorn Pier of the Chao Phraya Express Boat. The express boat also serves the respective neighbourhoods of the Oriental, Wat Muang Khae and Si Phraya piers.
Gallery
References
Subdistricts of Bangkok
Neighbourhoods of Bangkok
Bang Rak district
Populated places on the Chao Phraya River
John Doukas Angelos Palaiologos Raoul Laskaris Tornikes Philanthropenos Asen () was a 14th- or 15th-century Byzantine noble child who died young.
John Asen is known from a funerary icon portrait in a monastery in the Peloponnese. A relative of an unnamed Byzantine empress consort, they are notable for their unusual amount of family names, indicating direct descent from as many as eight prominent Byzantine noble houses: the Doukas, Angelos, Palaiologos, Raoul, Laskaris, Tornikes, Philanthropenos and Asen families.
Icon portrait
A funerary icon featuring a portrait of John Asen was discovered in the early 20th century in the Mega Spelaion monastery's main church near Kalavryta in the Peloponnese, modern Greece. The icon was lost in a fire in 1934, but has been preserved in a photograph.
The portrait measures and depicts a child next to an image of the Mother of God (Theotokos) and the infant Jesus Christ. John Asen is painted with a pale face and dark red hair, wearing a chlamys cloak decorated with double-headed eagles, circles and dragons. The infant Christ is shown blessing the child, whose pale and flat facial features in comparison to Jesus and the Theotokos are an indication that John Asen is dead.
John Asen's portrait was accompanied by an epigram (no less than twelve lines long), which was originally inscribed on the icon's frame, but was later copied to the icon itself. The epigram mourns the child's death and compares them to a "flower cut down before its time".
Identification
A partially preserved inscription above the portrait reveals the unusually long name of the boy and their relation to an unnamed Byzantine empress consort. The letters had become almost illegible by the mid-19th century, when a local artist restored them—as the historian Demetrios Polemis comments, "one cannot tell how accurately".
Greek archaeologist G. Sotiriou identified the empress with Helena Dragaš, wife of Emperor Manuel II Palaiologos. On the basis of Sotiriou's research and the available evidence, Bulgarian historian Ivan Bozhilov concludes that John Asen's ancestry must be linked to the last rulers of the Despotate of the Morea. Bozhilov considers it most likely that they were a son of Despot Demetrios Palaiologos and their third wife Theodora Asanina. Yet they do not exclude the possibility that they were a son of Demetrios' younger brother, Despot Thomas Palaiologos, and their wife Catherine Zaccaria.
If the latter identification is to be accepted, Bozhilov puts John Asen's birth at no earlier than 1444 and their death before 1449, when Demetrios Palaiologos ruled on Lemnos. They also date the boy's portrait to after 1449, when Demetrios received half of the Morea as their possession from Emperor Constantine XI Palaiologos, including Kalavryta and the Mega Spelaion monastery.
A later theory has ascribed John Asen to the mid-14th century. Titos Papamastorakis considers them a son of Despot Manuel Komnenos Raoul Asen, a military commander who was a brother of Irene Asanina, wife of Emperor John VI Kantakouzenos.
Name
British historian Michael Angold considers John Asen's eight family names to exemplify "best of all" the importance of names in indicating noble status in Byzantine society. Fellow Byzantinist Dionysios Stathakopoulos agrees that John Asen's name was "less an instrument of identification than a manifesto of social association".
Angold considers the order of eponyms in John Asen's name to be obscure. On the other hand, Bozhilov believes that the Asen name is the main one due to its final position, interpreting it as an "impressive manifestation of [the] marriage policy" of the Second Bulgarian Empire's royal dynasty. Bozhilov also acknowledges that the amount of noble family names John Asen carries is "truly unusual".
References
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
14th-century Byzantine people
15th-century Byzantine people
People of the Despotate of the Morea
Asen dynasty
Doukas family
Angelid dynasty
Palaiologos dynasty
Raoul family
Laskarid dynasty
Tornikios family
Philanthropenos family
Greek children
Royalty and nobility who died as children
PPE Needed is a Dutch "grassroots" initiative to address the global shortage of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) among frontliners. The platform is founded by Dunya Ressang, brothers Omar Kbiri, and Rachid Kbiri. They are a free-to-use global PPE initiative that, according to their website, seeks “to create an overview of the global PPE shortage during the COVID-19 Crisis and to locally enable matching of supply and shortages of PPE during this crisis.”
They started as a Dutch platform with support from the Red Cross. More than 400,000 masks have been delivered in a matter of weeks to those fighting the pandemic in the Netherlands, relieving the coordination efforts made on a national level. After Red Cross' initial support, the platform is now backed by tech giant Amazon to obtain a global overview of all equipment shortages during the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic.
References
Organizations established for the COVID-19 pandemic
Year of establishment missing
Medical and health organisations based in the Netherlands
Magnus ( – 23 August 1106) was the duke of Saxony from 1072 to 1106. Eldest son and successor of Ordulf and Wulfhild of Norway, they were the last member of the House of Billung.
Rebellion
In 1070, before they were duke, they joined Otto of Nordheim, duke of Bavaria, in rebellion against the Salian Emperor Henry IV. Otto was accused of being privy to a plot to murder the king, and it was decided they should submit to the ordeal of battle with their accuser. The duke asked for safe-conduct to and from the place of meeting. When this was refused they declined to appear, and was consequently deprived of Bavaria, while their Saxon estates were plundered. The rebellion was put down in 1071, and Magnus was captured. Magnus was imprisoned in the castle of Harzburg, the imposing imperial fortress which so inflamed the Saxon freemen. They were not released upon their accession to the Saxon duchy until seventy Swabians captured in Lüneburg were released.
First battle of Langensalza
In 1073, Harzburg was destroyed and the anger of Henry aroused. They renewed the conflict with Saxony once more. At the first battle of Langensalza in 1075, Magnus was captured again. After being released again, they joined Rudolf von Rheinfeld, duke of Swabia and anti-king, and was present at the Battle of Mellrichstadt (7 August 1078), where they saved Rudolf's life. However, they and the Saxons never fully supported the Swabian Rudolf and they reconciled with Henry, even fighting the Slavs with the royal forces.
Legacy
Magnus was an embittered enemy of the archbishop of Bremen, Adalbert, whose see they afflicted with repeated plundering raids. In 1106, the same year as Henry IV, they died. Their duchy was given to Lothair of Supplinburg and their lands were split between their daughters by Sophia (married 1071), the daughter of Béla I of Hungary, going thus to the house of Welf, via Wulfhilde (1075–1126), who married Duke Henry IX of Bavaria and to the house of Ascania via Eilika (1080 – 16 January 1142), who married Count Otto of Ballenstedt.
1040s births
1106 deaths
Dukes of Saxony
House of Billung
The Virgin of Charity (Spanish - La Virgen de la Caridad) is a 1597-1603 painting by El Greco. It was part of a commission to paint five works for the high altarpiece of the Santuario de Nuestra Señora de la Caridad in the Spanish town of Illescas, Toledo, gained through the mediation of their son Jorge Manuel Theotocópuli. It still hangs in the Santuario. Three of the other works still hang in the church (Coronation of the Virgin, Nativity and Annunciation), whilst the fifth is in the National Museum of Art of Romania (Marriage of the Virgin).
It updates the medieval iconography of the Virgin of Mercy. The central figure of the Virgin opens their cloak, sheltering a group of figures in then-fashionable ruffs, including the painter's son and other members of the Toledan aristocracy.
Bibliography
ÁLVAREZ LOPERA, José, El Greco, Madrid, Arlanza, 2005, Biblioteca «Descubrir el Arte», (colección «Grandes maestros»). .
SCHOLZ-HÄNSEL, Michael, El Greco, Colonia, Taschen, 2003. .
External links
ArteHistoria.com. «Virgen de la Caridad» [Consulta: 04.01.2011].
1590s paintings
1600s paintings
Paintings of the Virgin Mary
Paintings by El Greco
Altarpieces
Astronium is a genus of flowering plants in the cashew family, Anacardiaceae. It is native to Central and South America.
Astronium is a genus of dioecious trees. Leaves are deciduous, alternate, and odd-pinnate.
Species
, Plants of the World Online accepted the following species:
Astronium concinnum Schott
Astronium fraxinifolium Schott
Astronium gardneri Mattick
Astronium glaziovii Mattick
Astronium graveolens Jacq. (syn. Astronium conzattii S.F.Blake)
Astronium lecointei Ducke
Astronium mirandae F.A.Barkley
Astronium nelson-rosae Santin
Astronium obliquum Griseb.
Astronium pumilum J.D.Mitch. & Daly
Astronium ulei Mattick
Species formerly placed in this genus that are now placed in Myracrodruon include:
Astronium balansae Engl. → Myracrodruon balansae
Astronium urundeuva → Myracrodruon urundeuva
Fossil record
Fossils of an Astronium sp. have been described from the fossil flora of Kızılcahamam district in Turkey, which is of early Pliocene age.
References
Further reading
Anacardiaceae genera
Taxa named by Nikolaus Joseph von Jacquin
Dioecious plants
Møkster is an island in Austevoll municipality in Vestland county, Norway. The island lies in an archipelago and it sits north of the islands of Litla Kalsøya, Stolmen, and Selbjørn; west of the islands of Drøna and Rostøya; and south of the islands of Horga, Stora Kalsøy and Hundvåko. The island had 65 inhabitants in 2001.
The island lies in the central part of the Austevoll archipelago, and as such, it was an important location for the sea-faring people who populated the region. Møkster Church was located on the island from the middle ages until 1892 when it was torn down and the church was moved to the larger island of Stolmen (where it is still located today).
See also
List of islands of Norway
References
Islands of Vestland
Austevoll
Jacques Augendre (born 28 April 1925) is a French journalist and the first to have followed fifty Tours de France. Jacques Goddet covered 53 but from 1936 to 1986 they were also the race organiser. Pierre Chany would have been the first journalist to 50 Tours de France had they not died in 1996 within weeks of the start.
Augendre missed the 1947, 1952, 1954 and 1959 Tours, when they were kept in Paris to supervise other reporters' accounts. They followed their 50th Tour in 2001.
Background
Jacques Augendre, the son of a former cyclist, raced as a boy during the German occupation of France during the second world war. They qualified for the 1943 Premier Pas Dunlop, effectively the national youth championship, but was unplaced. It was won by Raphaël Géminiani, with Louison Bobet sixth.
Augendre began as a journalist in 1944 at Témoignage Chrétien, a weekly, and began writing for the national sports daily, L'Équipe, in February 1946. They stayed at the paper, on the staff or as a freelance, until 1965. They worked for Le Monde, a general news daily, from 1965 to 1990, writing about cycling, expanding the general sports coverage. They also wrote for Midi Libre for 40 years and for the magazines, Miroir du Cyclisme and Miroir Sprint before becoming editor of the monthly, Le Cycle.
In 2005 they collaborated in Le tour de France pour la liberté de la presse, a book from which the profits supported the cause of press freedom around the world.
Tour de France
The Tour de France was suspended during the second world war and restarted in 1947. The pre-war organiser, Jacques Goddet, was still the organiser but their former employer, L'Auto, had been closed after the war for collaboration with the Germans. Goddet started a new paper, L'Équipe, which won government approval to run the race after a competition with other contenders. In 1947 and 1948, Augendre stayed in Paris to supervise reports sent by correspondents and by press agencies. They followed their first Tour in 1949, when Fausto Coppi overcame another Italian, Gino Bartali, after a Frenchman in a regional team, Jacques Marinelli, had profited from the battle between them to wear the yellow jersey of leadership.
They said all Tours are exciting but that the most enjoyable was 1953, when Louison Bobet won after finishing fourth in 1948 and third in 1950. They said:
""At that time, there were national and regional teams. Bobet and Raphaël Géminiani of France were challenged by the 1947 Tour winner, Jean Robic of Brittany. Robic wore the yellow jersey and was known to taunt Bobet and 'Gem'. Like a boxer, they said to journalists that the French team did not frighten them and that they could not be defeated by such bad riders. During the 13th stage from Albi to Béziers, four team-mates from the French national team - including Geminiani and Bobet - attacked at the very beginning. The course was quite hilly and the breakaway's advantage grew quickly. At the finish, after a puncture and a fall, Robic had lost 15 minutes... and the Tour de France. In the legendary stage to Briançon, which included the three legendary passes - the cols of Allos (rising to 2,250m), Vars (2,110m) and the epic Izoard (2,361m) - one team-mate of Bobet had escaped. Between them and the peloton were Bobet, Federico Bahamontes and the Spaniard's main mountain rival (and the eventual King of the Mountains that year), Jésus Lorono. While climbing the Vars pass, Bobet was tired - almost dead - but at the top they accelerated and put distance into Lorono. I followed them on a motorbike back-seat and I could see the pain on their face. They caught up with their team-mate and won the stage. In the Casse Déserte on the Izoard, Fausto Coppi was there as a spectator. When Bobet went past, they summed up their thoughts in four simple words: 'He is so beautiful'."
They said Eddy Merckx was the greatest rider they had seen, that Bernard Hinault was the most gifted, and Bobet the most courageous. Their most remarkable event was Greg LeMond's win by eight seconds in 1989, when they took victory from Laurent Fignon in the last hour.
Augendre became the Tour de France's historian and archivist in 1991.
Selected published works
Since 1996, Augendre has authored Livre du Tour, the official guide of the Tour.
Prizes
Plume Francis Huger 2005
Grand Prix de la Litérature sportive 2005
Prix Antoine Blondin 2006 for "Antoine Blondin, un singe en été"
Prix Antoine Blondin 2007 for "La France vue du Tour"
References
Cycle racing in France
Tour de France journalists
Cycling journalists
Cycling writers
French sports journalists
1925 births
Living people
French male non-fiction writers
Africa U.S.A. may refer to:
Amusement parks
Africa U.S.A., an amusement park in Boca Raton, Florida, 1953–1961
Marine World/Africa USA, an animal theme park in Redwood Shores, California, now Six Flags Discovery Kingdom
Places
Africa, Indiana, U.S.
Africa, Ohio, U.S.
Les inséparables is a studio album by Corneille released on 24 October 2011. The album reached #10 on the French Albums Chart, and #75 on the Canadian Albums Chart.
Track list
"L'espoir en stéréo"
"Le jour après la fin du monde"
"Des pères, des hommes et des frères" (feat La Fouine)
"Les simples choses"
"Quand Paris t'appelle"
"Rome"
"Les inséparables"
"Dis-moi que tu m'aimes"
"Au bout de nos peines" (feat Soprano)
"Le bar des sentimentalistes"
"Mâle de cœur"
"Tous les deux"
"Tout ce que tu pourras"
"Le meilleur du monde" (feat TLF)
References
2011 albums
Corneille (singer) albums
The Tragedy of Castle Rottersheim (German: Die Tragödie auf Schloss Rottersheim) is a 1916 Austrian silent drama film directed by Jacob Fleck and Luise Fleck and starring Hermann Benke, Liane Haid and Cordy Millowitsch.
Location shooting took place around Laxenburg.
Cast
Hermann Benke as Graf Alwin Rottersheim
Liane Haid as Lieserl
Cordy Millowitsch as Gräfin Rottersheim
Karl Baumgartner as Pfarrer
Rudolf Beer as Schorsch Stelzer, Musikant
Stina Christophersen
Marietta Hofer as Annerl
Walter Hofer as Ferdl
Polly Janisch as Frau Mali Stelzer
Grete Lundt as Baronin Elsa Hartwig
Karl Pfann as Baron Erich Hartwig
Otto Storm as Graf Alfons von Rhelen
References
Bibliography
Parish, Robert. Film Actors Guide. Scarecrow Press, 1977.
External links
Austro-Hungarian films
1916 films
Austrian silent feature films
Austrian drama films
Films directed by Jacob Fleck
Films directed by Luise Fleck
Austrian black-and-white films
1916 drama films
Silent drama films
The 1943 Washington Senators won 84 games, lost 69, and finished in second place in the American League. They were managed by Ossie Bluege and played home games at Griffith Stadium.
Offseason
January 29, 1943: Bill Zuber and cash were traded by the Senators to the New York Yankees for Milo Candini and Jerry Priddy.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
Chattanooga franchise transferred and renamed, July 11, 1943
Notes
References
1943 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1943 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washington
Italy participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2018 which took place on 25 November 2018 in Minsk, Belarus. The Italian broadcaster Rai Gulp, which is a channel owned by Radiotelevisione Italiana (RAI), was responsible for organising their entry for the contest. Melissa and Marco were internally selected to represent Italy with the song "What Is Love".
Background
Before the 2018 Contest, Italy had participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest three times since its debut in , having won the contest on their first appearance with the song "Tu primo grande amore", performed by Vincenzo Cantiello.
Before Junior Eurovision
The Italian broadcaster announced on 26 June 2018, that they would be participating at the contest which takes place on 25 November 2018, in Minsk, Belarus. The method for selecting their entrant and song was done internally by the national broadcaster, RAI. On 9 October 2018, it was announced that Melissa & Marco would be representing Italy at the contest with the song "What Is Love".
Artist and song information
Melissa and Marco
Melissa di Pasca (born 18 July 2008) and Marco Boni (born 17 August 2004) represented Italy in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2018 with the song "What Is Love", finishing seventh with 151 points, receiving 12 points from the Macedonian jury and 57 points from the online voting.
What Is Love
"What Is Love" is a song by Italian child singers Melissa di Pasca and Marco Boni. It represented Italy in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2018. This is not to be confused with the Haddaway song of the same name.
At Junior Eurovision
During the opening ceremony and the running order draw which both took place on 19 November 2018, Italy was drawn to perform eleventh on 25 November 2018, following Serbia and preceding Australia.
Voting
Detailed voting results
References
Italy
Junior
Junior Eurovision Song Contest
The End of Chaos is the thirteenth studio album by American thrash metal band Flotsam and Jetsam, released on January 18, 2019. It was their first album to feature drummer Ken Mary (replacing Jason Bittner, who left Flotsam and Jetsam in 2017 to join Overkill), and the last to include bassist Michael Spencer before their split from the band in 2020.
Track listing
Personnel
Eric "A.K." Knutson – vocals
Michael Gilbert – guitars
Michael Spencer – bass
Steve Conley – guitars
Ken Mary – drums
Charts
References
Flotsam and Jetsam (band) albums
2019 albums
G.D. College is a arts and sciences college in Shaikhpara, in the state of West Bengal in India.
History
G. D. College, certified as having minority status educational institution, is affiliated to the University of Kalyani. It has started its journey on academic session 2014-2015. G.D.College is especially destined to spread education among rural and urban students belonging to minority and backward classes, but generally, its door is open to all students willing to pursue higher education. Late Alhaj Joyed Ali, a well known social worker residing at the same locality where the College is established, firstly visions to start a College of undergraduate courses to provide the poor students of the surrounding areas with opportunities of pursuing higher education. Jahangir Fakir, a spirited young man with noble mission dedicates themselves to this vision. G.D.College is the result of their untiring effort and open handed donation of land and fund.
Department
Science
CHEMISTRY
PHYSICS
MATHEMATICS
ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCE
GEOGRAPHY
ECONOMICS (GEN)
Arts
ARABIC
BENGALI
ENGLISH
HISTORY
ISLAMIC HISTORY
PHILOSOPHY
POLITICAL SCIENCE
SANSKRIT
PHYSICAL EDUCATION (GEN)
SOCIOLOGY (GEN)
EDUCATION
See also
References
External links
University of Kalyani
University Grants Commission
National Assessment and Accreditation Council
Universities and colleges in Murshidabad district
Colleges affiliated to University of Kalyani
Educational institutions established in 2007
2007 establishments in West Bengal
This is a list of mayors of Rorschach, Canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland. The mayor (Stadtpräsident) of Rorschach chairs the city council (Stadtrat). The term Stadtpräsident is used since 2001, before on used Stadtammann. Until 1918, the office was called Gemeindepräsident.
References
Rorschach
Rorschach, Switzerland
Lists of mayors (complete 1900-2013)
Brandon Gaudin (born December 18, 1983) is an American sportscaster who broadcasts play-by-play of NFL and college football, basketball and baseball for Fox Sports and the Big Ten Network.  They are also the voice of Madden NFL for EA Sports (2017-Present.). Additionally, they call the Men's NCAA basketball tournament and select NFL games on Westwood One. They were previously the voice of Georgia Tech football and men's basketball, as well as Butler men's basketball. They have also called various NCAA championships for Turner Sports and select ACC baseball and basketball games on ESPN3.
Early life
Gaudin was born and raised in Evansville, Indiana. They were a huge Atlanta Braves fan and wrote a letter to Skip Caray asking how to get into sports broadcasting. Caray responded and encouraged them to practice, critique, and practice some more. Gaudin kept those words in their heart, and in high school convinced a local radio station to allow them to broadcast some of their school's baseball games.
After graduation from Harrison High School, Gaudin enrolled at Butler University where they would graduate with a communications degree with an emphasis in broadcasting. They also majored in Political Science and received a minor in Business. They were named a "Top 10 Male Student" at Butler and given the distinction of the "Most Outstanding Communications Student" in their class.
Career
Gaudin's first post-college job was broadcasting Minor League baseball for the Orem Owlz, an affiliate of the Los Angeles Angels.
After one season with Orem, Gaudin took an on-air hiatus to assist in the formation of a New York City start-up with two former bosses at ESPN, where they interned during college. Gaudin, along with Erik Sorenson, the former President of MSNBC, and former Larry King Live Producer Robert Grossman founded MediaOne Management in 2007. The boutique firm specializes in the representation of cable news talking heads.
Gaudin left New York in the fall of 2008 for the opportunity to get back on air in their hometown of Evansville, Indiana as the Voice of the Evansville Purple Aces. They also served as a freelance on-air talent for the local ABC affiliate.
From there, Gaudin returned to Butler, serving three years as the Voice of the Butler Bulldogs. They were hired on the heels of Butler's 2010 run to the National Championship game where they fell to Duke; however, they were on the mic the following season when Butler returned to the Final Four in 2011. During their time at Butler, the Indianapolis Star called Gaudin "a rising star in the industry". While in Indianapolis, they also began freelance play-by-play work for Turner Sports via their partnership with the NCAA, broadcasting various collegiate championships.
In 2013. Gaudin was hired to be the voice of the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets. Their predecessor, Wes Durham, had moved on to call SEC and ACC games for FSN. Gaudin won the job from a long list of over 150 nationwide candidates. Gaudin's hiring was featured in The New York Times where a Vice President for rights-holder IMG noted "Gaudin's vocal stylings jumped off the page." Gaudin would call their first game for the Yellow Jackets on August 31, 2013. During their time at Tech, Gaudin was hired by Westwood One as a play-by-play broadcaster for their men's basketball NCAA Tournament and college football coverage.
In June 2016, it was announced that Gaudin would replace Jim Nantz as the Play-by-Play Voice of the Madden NFL video game for EA Sports. In releasing the news, EA Producer Christian McLeod said "What really attracted us to Brandon was they just sounds like sports." Previous announcers for the game besides Nantz have included Pat Summerall, Al Michaels, John Madden, Cris Collinsworth, Tom Hammond, Gus Johnson and Phil Simms.
Also in June 2016, Gaudin was signed by the Big Ten Network to broadcast football, basketball and baseball in addition to expanding their role in college and the NFL as a play-by-play voice for Westwood One. Gaudin's also broadcasts select NFL, college football, college basketball, and Major League Baseball games for Fox Sports.
Several of Gaudin's calls have been featured on ESPN's SportsCenter Play of the Day as well as The Dan Patrick Show. One of the springboards to Gaudin's career came during their junior year in college, when they won a nationwide Play-by-Play competition sponsored by CBS during the 2005 NCAA Tournament. For winning the award, Gaudin was flown to the Final Four and interviewed at halftime on CBS by Greg Gumbel.
References
1983 births
Living people
American radio sports announcers
American television sports announcers
Butler University alumni
College baseball announcers in the United States
College basketball announcers in the United States
College football announcers
Detroit Lions announcers
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football announcers
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets men's basketball announcers
Major League Baseball broadcasters
Minor League Baseball broadcasters
National Football League announcers
Sportspeople from Evansville, Indiana
Women's college basketball announcers in the United States
The Ivory Coast women's national football team (, recognized as Côte d'Ivoire by FIFA) represents Ivory Coast in international women's football and is controlled by the Ivorian Football Federation. They played their first international match in 1988. The team is currently ranked 64th in the FIFA Women's World Rankings and as the 6th best team in CAF.
History
The beginning
In 1985, almost no country in the world had a women's national football team, including the Ivory Coast who did not play their first FIFA recognised match until 1988 when they participated in the Women's FIFA Invitational Tournament 1988. The country was in Group A. On 1 June, they lost to the Netherlands 0–3 in a game in Foshan. On 3 June, they lost to Canada 0–6 in a game in Foshan. In a game on 5 June, they lost to China 1–8 in a game in Guangzhou. In 1992, they competed at the 1st Lyon'ne Cup — Women, held in Lyon, France from 17 to 20 April. Ivory Coast was in the nation's group. They lost to the United States U20 team 0–4, lost to the CIS team 0–3 and lost to France 1–6. In 2002, the team competed in 2 matches. In 2003, they played in 0 matches. In 2004, they played in 0 matches. In 2005, they played in 3 matches. In 2006, they played in 2 matches. In 2006, the team had 3 training sessions a week. In 2005, they played in the women's Tournoi de Solidarité in Dakar, Senegal. On 18 May, they lost to Mali 1–6. On 20 May, they tied Senegal 3–3. They did not make the finals and overall finished last in the tournament. On 17 May 2006 in Dakar, Togo tied Ivory Coast 3–3. In 2007, the country competed at the Tournoi de Cinq Nations] held in Ouagadougou. On 2 September, they tied Mali 1–1 with Rita Akaffou scoring for the team in the 65th minute. On 5 September, they beat Togo 5–0 before Togo was disqualified from the competition for bringing a club team. On 6 September, they lost to Mali 1–2. In 2010, the country had a team at the African Women's Championships during the preliminary rounds. In the round, they beat Guinea 5–1. They lost to Malawi 4–2 in the return leg. In the 2010, Women's Championship in Africa, they lost in the preliminary round in March, they beat Gabon at home and away 2–1 and 3–1. In the first round against Nigeria, they lost both matches by scores of 1–2 and 1–3. The country did not have a team competing at the 2011 All Africa Games.
The national team has trained in Abidjan. , the country did not have an under-17 or under-20 side. In June 2012, the team was ranked 67th in the world by FIFA and the 6th best team in CAF. This was an improvement of four places from March 2012 when they were ranked 71st in the world. The team's worst ever ranking was in 2011 when they were ranked 136th in the world. Other rankings include 73 in 2006, 75 in 2007, 74 in 2008, 92 in 2009, and 77 in 2010.
However, in 2014 African Women's Championship, Ivory Coast surprised everyone by passing through into the semi-final, and later, they shocked Africa by beating giant South Africa, marked for the first time they would play in FIFA Women's World Cup, in Canada 2015. In the later tournament, the World Cup, they were eliminated with three total losses to Germany (0–10), Thailand (2–3) and Norway (1–3). Despite having lost all, Ange N'Guessan's goal over Norway was voted as one of ten best goal in the whole tournament.
Background and development
Early development of the women's game at the time colonial powers brought football to the continent was limited, as colonial powers in the region tended to take concepts of patriarchy and women's participation in sport with them to local cultures that had similar concepts already embedded in them. The lack of later development of the national team on a wider international level symptomatic of all African teams is a result of several factors, including limited access to education, poverty amongst women in the wider society, and fundamental inequality present in the society that occasionally allows for female-specific human rights abuses. When quality female football players are developed, they tend to leave for greater opportunities abroad. Continent-wide, funding is also an issue, with most development money coming from FIFA, not the national football association. Future success for women's football in Africa is dependent on improved facilities and access by women to these facilities. Attempting to commercialise the game and make it commercially viable is not the solution, as demonstrated by the current existence of many youths and women's football camps held throughout the continent.
Football is the fourth most popular girls' sport, trailing behind handball, basketball and athletics. A women's football program was set up in the country in 1975 and girls' football is played in schools. Player registration starts at nine years of age. In 2006, there were 610 registered female players, 560 of whom were senior players and 50 were under 18 years of age. This was an increase from 2002 when there were 130 registered female players, 2003 when there were 220, 2004 when there were 253, and 2005 when there were 428 registered players. In 2006, there were 123 football clubs in the country, of which 11 were women's-only sides. As of 2009, there are 36 senior teams and 4 youth teams for women. A school based competition exists.
The national federation was created in 1960 and became FIFA affiliated in 1964. Their kit includes orange shirts, white shorts and green socks. The national committee does not have a full-time employee in charge of women's football. Representation of women's football is not guaranteed in the federation's constitution. The FIFA trigramme is CIV. A FIFA-run women's MA football course was run in the country in 2007.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results within the last 12 months.
Legend
2021
2022
Source :Global archive
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Manager history
Adélaïde Koudougnon (2004–2010)
Clémentine Touré (2010–)
Players
Up-to-date caps, goals, and statistics are not publicly available; therefore, caps and goals listed may be incorrect.
Current squad
The following players were called up for the Friendly game against on 23 June 2022.
Caps and goals accurate up to and including 26 July 2021.
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Ivory Coast squad in the past 12 months.
Records
Individual records
*Active players in bold, statistics correct as of 26 July 2021.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
Olympic Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Africa Women Cup of Nations
African Games
WAFU Women's Cup record
Honours
All−time record against FIFA recognized nations
The list shown below shows the Djibouti national football team all−time international record against opposing nations.
*As of xxxxxx after match against xxxx.
Key
Record per opponent
*As ofxxxxx after match against xxxxx.
Key
The following table shows Djibouti's all-time official international record per opponent:
See also
Sport in Ivory Coast
Football in Ivory Coast
Women's football in Ivory Coast
Ivory Coast men's national football team
References
External links
Official website
FIFA profile
African women's national association football teams
1988 establishments in Ivory Coast
Parmelia is a southern suburb of Perth, Western Australia, located in the City of Kwinana.
Parmelia is one of the Kwinana suburbs named after a ship. Parmelia was the first ship to arrive in June 1829 bringing settlers to establish the new colony at the Swan River in Western Australia. Its passengers included the new Governor and their wife, James and Ellen Stirling.
Chisham Avenue is the main residential street which runs through the suburb. It features an array of homes built during the 1970s which were once home to the managers for BP's oil refinery industrial operations and company executives.
The suburb is close to schools, public parks, and a new shopping centre which is currently being rebuilt and renovated by new owner Woolworths. The list of parks includes Hunt Park, Peace Park, Morrit Park, Brandon Mews Park, Oakfield Garden POS, Bournan Heights POS, Barney Park and Skottowe Park.
There is a recquatic centre which features a gym, swimming pool, spa and sauna, and sports courts for basketball, indoor soccer and other sports. The Kwinana Recquatic is embarking on a $6,000,000 refurbishment project which is set to re-launch the centre as Kwinana's premier fitness and recreation facility.
Parmelia is a family orientated suburb with many young families and retirees.
The Metronet project will see the rail line through Parmelia and upgrades to the Kwinana railway station boost liveability in the area. Federal funding for the project was received in May 2017.
Property developer, the Meridian group has engaged with the City of Kwinana to design and build detached houses, townhouses, villas and apartments in Parmelia. Construction has begun and a row of double storey houses and townhouses are currently undergoing construction.
Parmelia is at the centre of a $340m city centre revitalisation. The redevelopment includes a $22m library and resource centre, $7.5m youth space, the new Admiral Hotel and a revamp of the Kwinana Marketplace Shopping Centre. The suburb also has some of the most extensive parklands and natural bush reserves in the state.
The Kwinana Adventure Park is opposite the Kwinana Marketplace shopping centre. It was built by the City of Kwinana at a cost of $5.2 million, and features of play space, making it one of the largest public playgrounds in Western Australia.
The suburb was also home to Australian supermodel and actor Megan Gale, the brand ambassador for the up-market department retail chain company David Jones.
References
External links
Suburbs of Perth, Western Australia
Suburbs in the City of Kwinana
The 2013 Taozigou Coal Mine explosion occurred in the Taozigou Coal Mine (桃子沟煤矿) in Hua'an Village (华安村), Fuji Town (福集镇) Lu County, Sichuan, China. A total of 28 people lost their lives in the explosion. The explosion was reportedly a result of illegal mining.
The explosion occurred on May 11, 2013 at about 14:15. A total of 108 people were working underground when the explosion occurred, many from outside Sichuan Province. 27 people died and 81 were saved. However, one of the people saved died of their injuries later. In total, the explosion caused 28 deaths.
Illegal mining was blamed for the explosion. The miners were working without a ventilation system when the explosion occurred. It was reported that all licenses for the coal mine would be revoked and the site would be shut down permanently.
References
explosion
Mining disasters in China
Taozigou Coal Mine explosion
History of Sichuan
Illegal mining
May 2013 events in China
Olivais () is a freguesia (civil parish) and district of Lisbon, the capital of Portugal. Located in eastern Lisbon, Olivais is west of Parque das Nações, north of Marvila and Alvalade, and east of Lumiar and Santa Clara. The population in 2011 was 33,788.
History
The parish was created in 1397, probably resulting in the division of a part of Beato (to the south) and Sacavém (to the north).
Between 1852 and 1886 Santa Maria dos Olivais formed a large municipality, predominantly rural, including 22 civil parishes.
In 1864 it occupied a surface of approximately 223 km2 and had a population of 25,495, and of 29,491, in 1878.
With the 2012 administrative reform, the parish name was reduced from Santa Maria dos Olivais to Olivais.
Economy
Companies with head offices in Santa Maria dos Olivais and Portela Airport include TAP Portugal and CTT Correios de Portugal, S.A.
Landmarks
Local landmarks include the Palácio do Contador-Mor, a pedagogic farm, Casa da Fonte do Anjo, Quinta da Bica, Quinta da Fonte do Anjo, Capela da Quinta da Fonte do Anjo.
References
External links
Santa Maria dos Olivais
Parishes of Lisbon
2018 Big Ten Tournament may refer to:
2018 Big Ten Conference men's basketball tournament
2018 Big Ten Conference women's basketball tournament
2018 Big Ten Conference Men's Soccer Tournament
2018 Big Ten Conference Women's Soccer Tournament
2018 Big Ten Conference Baseball Tournament
2018 Big Ten Conference Softball Tournament
2018 Big Ten Men's Ice Hockey Tournament
2018 Big Ten Conference Men's Lacrosse Tournament
2018 Big Ten Conference Women's Lacrosse Tournament
Mehboob Ali (born 10 April 1990) is a Pakistani sprinter. They competed in the men's 400 metres at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
International competitions
1Disqualified in the semifinals
References
1990 births
Living people
Pakistani male sprinters
Pakistani male hurdlers
Olympic athletes of Pakistan
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Asian Games
Place of birth missing (living people)
World Athletics Championships athletes for Pakistan
South Asian Games bronze medalists for Pakistan
Asian Games competitors for Pakistan
South Asian Games medalists in athletics
Islamic Solidarity Games competitors for Pakistan
The Weyerhaeuser King County Aquatics Center is an aquatic facility in Federal Way, Washington constructed for the 1990 Goodwill Games.
It has hosted US Olympic Diving Team Trials in 2000 and 2012, NCAA championships, PAC-12 conference championships, USA Swimming Winter National championships and Speedo Junior National championships. Over 200 world records have been set at the center.
The center is open to the public for open swim, pool exercise, family swim, lessons and lap swim.
History
On April 18, 1990 the facility opened for general use. It was constructed to host the 1990 Goodwill Games, which were held in Seattle.
Land for the center's development was donated by the Weyerhauser corporation and the facility was named after the company and its Chairman, George Weyerhaeuser. The Seattle Goodwill Games Committee provided $5 million and King County issued an $8.8 million bond to fund the facility.
Operations
Facilities
Swimming, synchronized swimming, diving and water polo are accommodated by the technical features of the center. It is one of only a few of its kind in the United States.
Center facilities include:
9–10.5 feet deep Olympic-sized competition and training pool
25 x 17 yard, 17 feet deep dive tank equipped for platform and springboard diving
25 x 15 yard recreational pool with pirate cove features and theme
Banquet hall seating for 245 people banquet-style and 400 people theater-style
The center has an annual economic impact of $7.5 million USD.
Closures
During the COVID-19 pandemic the center temporarily closed for several months, from March to September 2020, to accommodate best practices and prevent the spread of COVID-19. In November 2021, non-essential personnel and spectators were officially allowed back in to attend sporting events.
Events held at the center
As well as the Goodwill Games for which the center was constructed, each year the facility hosts high profile events. These have included Olympic Team Trials in diving, NCAA championships, PAC-12 conference championships, USA Swimming senior events and Speedo Junior Nationals. One way the center serves the community that funded its construction, the residents of King County, as well as Washington state residents at large, is through hosting events such as high school state swimming and diving championships.
Recognition
In December 2015 Swimming World published a feature on King County Aquatic Center, highlighting eleven reasons it found the center to be "awesome" including playing a pivotal role in the swimming careers of notable Olympians Nathan Adrian (the only swimmer to make the list from Washington State), Michael Phelps, Missy Franklin, Cullen Jones, Simone Manuel, and Haley Anderson.
See also
Swimming at the Goodwill Games
References
External links
Weyerhaeuser King County Aquatic Center official website
Sports venues in Seattle
Swimming venues in the United States
Sports venues completed in 1990
Sports venues in Washington (state)
1990 establishments in Washington (state)
Buildings and structures in King County, Washington
Federal Way, Washington
1990 Goodwill Games venues
Silver Vision was a British video production and distribution label owned by Clear Vision Ltd. From 1988 to 2012, the label was the official licensee for WWF/WWE Home Video in Europe. Clear Vision's headquarters were based in Enfield, London, England.
History
Silver Vision had exclusive distribution rights to the WWE Tagged Classics range, a unique series of DVD's that were exempt from well-documented legal restraints imposed by federal lawsuits initiated by the World Wide Fund for Nature in 2002. The lawsuits prohibited the referencing and use of all versions of the World Wrestling Federation logo and the initials "WWF", with only the DVD cover art and menu screens of the "Tagged Classics" displaying the World Wrestling Entertainment logo and the initials "WWE".
In July 2012, WWE came to a new agreement with the World Wide Fund for Nature which allowed the WWE to no longer censor any of the WWF logos and the spoken initials of "WWF", however, WWE cannot use any WWF logos in the present day, except in archival footage.
Silver Vision parted ways with WWE on 31 December 2012, with nWo: The Revolution being the labels final WWE release. On 19 November 2012, it was announced that FremantleMedia (now Fremantle) would be the new WWE Home Video distributor for the United Kingdom and the rest of Europe.
Clear Vision also distributed Gaiam, Gormiti, Marvel Animation, NBA and UFC DVD's at retail outlets and through its website. Shortly after losing distribution rights for WWE Home Video, Clear Vision took over as distributor for TNA Home Video in the United Kingdom and Europe. In December 2013, Clear Vision was called into the administration.
References
External links
Film production companies of the United Kingdom
Mass media companies established in 1988
1988 establishments in the United Kingdom
2012 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Companies disestablished in 2012
WWE
Dunbar Elementary School is a former elementary school for negro students in Hobe Sound, Florida. It was part of the Martin County School District and was named for African-American author Paul Laurence Dunbar. It closed in 1969. One factor is that it was too small and the site is not appropriate for expansion.
References
Historically segregated African-American schools in Florida
Public elementary schools in Florida
Martin County School District
Defunct public schools in Martin County, Florida
1969 disestablishments in Florida
Defunct black public schools in the United States that closed when schools were integrated
Educational institutions disestablished in 1969
Historically black schools
Buildings and structures in Martin County, Florida
Ryan Michael Carter (born August 3, 1983) is an American former professional ice hockey forward. They played nearly 500 games in the National Hockey League (NHL).
Playing career
Early career
From 2001–04 Ryan Carter played for the Green Bay Gamblers of the USHL. From 2004–06 Carter played for Minnesota State University, Mankato.
Anaheim Ducks
In 2006, Carter signed a professional contract with the Anaheim Ducks. They played for the Ducks AHL affiliate at the time, the Portland Pirates where they had 16 goals and 20 assists for 36 points in 76 games.
Carter was called up to the Anaheim Ducks from the Portland Pirates for the 2007 playoff run and played four games. The Ducks would defeat the Ottawa Senators in the 2007 Stanley Cup Finals, and Carter's name was engraved on the Stanley Cup.
On February 8, 2008 during the 2007–08 NHL season, Carter scored their first and second NHL goal against Martin Brodeur of the New Jersey Devils. Later that season, Carter was injured in bizarre fashion when their right arm went through a photographer's hole on the glass. Carter had surgery on their right wrist, and was out for six weeks.
On April 29, 2008, Carter re-signed a three-year, $2 million contract with the Ducks.
During the 2008–09 NHL season, Carter switched to the number 20 jersey. They became the first forward to wear the number 20 in Anaheim since fan-favorite Steve Rucchin (Russian defenseman Maxim Kondratiev wore number 20 on 4 games during the 2007–08 NHL season). Carter played 48 games during the regular season, often being a healthy scratch, and finished with nine points. In a first-round playoff game against the Sharks on April 25, 2009, Carter scored their first NHL playoff point with a goal.
Carolina Hurricanes
Carter was traded to the Carolina Hurricanes on November 23, 2010, for minor league forwards Matt Kennedy and Stefan Chaput. In 32 games with the club, Carter recorded 3 assists.
Florida Panthers
On February 24, 2011, Carter was traded to the Florida Panthers along with a 5th round pick in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft for Cory Stillman. On July 9, 2011, Carter signed a one-year, two-way contract with the Florida Panthers.
New Jersey Devils
In the 2011–12 season on October 26, 2011, Carter was claimed off of waivers by the New Jersey Devils. On March 19, 2012 the Rangers and Devils had a brawl in which Carter's nose was broken by Stu Bickel. They would go on to score five goals along with two assists during the 2012 Stanley Cup Playoffs with the Devils as they ultimately lost in the Stanley Cup Finals.
On April 8, 2014, at the conclusion of the 2013–14 NHL season, Carter was awarded the New Jersey Devils Player's Player Award at their annual team awards ceremony. Carter attended the Devils' training camp for the 2014–15 season on a try-out basis.
Minnesota Wild
At the conclusion of camp, the Devils did not offer Carter a contract and they instead signed a one-year deal with the Minnesota Wild on October 6, 2014.
After two seasons with the Wild, Carter went un-signed over the summer as a free agent. They belatedly accepted a try-out to remain in Minnesota and contend for a new contract at training camp. They were not offered a contract at the conclusion of training camp and pre-season with the Wild, opting to undergo shoulder surgery for a torn labrum on October 9, 2016. Carter endured months of rehabilitation before returning to play within the Wild's affiliate, the Iowa Wild, on a professional try-out on February 18, 2017. They later signed a one-year, two-way contract for the remainder of the 2016-17 season with Minnesota on February 26, 2017. They played out the season with Iowa, finishing with 3 points in 18 games.
On September 10, 2017, Carter announced their retirement from playing after 10 years in the NHL.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and achievements
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
American men's ice hockey centers
Anaheim Ducks players
Carolina Hurricanes players
Florida Panthers players
Ice hockey players from Minnesota
Iowa Wild players
Minnesota State Mavericks men's ice hockey players
Minnesota Wild players
New Jersey Devils players
Portland Pirates players
Sportspeople from White Bear Lake, Minnesota
Stanley Cup champions
Undrafted National Hockey League players
Cayuga Independent School District is a public school district based in Cayuga, Texas (USA) in unincorporated Anderson County, Texas (USA).
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools
Located in northwestern Anderson County, the district has three campuses:
Cayuga High School (Grades 9-12)
Cayuga Middle (Grades 6-8)
Cayuga Elementary (Grades EE-5) (2003 National Blue Ribbon School).
References
External links
Cayuga ISD
School districts in Anderson County, Texas
The Denmark national under-21 speedway team is the national under-21 motorcycle speedway team of Denmark and is controlled by the Danish Motor Union. The team started in Under-21 World Cup in all editions and won five medals: one gold (2010), two silver (2008 and 2009) and two bronze (2005 and 2006). Denmark has produced three Under-21 World Champions: Gert Handberg (1989), Brian Andersen (1991) and Jesper B. Jensen (1997). In 1977 and 1978 two Danish riders, Alf Busk and Finn Rune Jensen, was won Individual U-21 European Championship. Tommy Knudsen was won 1980 Individual U-21 European Championship open for riders from all continents.
Competition
Team B
See also
Denmark national speedway team
Denmark national under-19 speedway team
External links
(da) Speedway at Danish Motor Union webside
National speedway teams
Speedway
Team
!
Bostick School is a historic one-room school located near Ellerbe, Richmond County, North Carolina. It was built about 1890, and is a one-story, gable-front frame building clad in weatherboard siding. It measures approximately 26 feet by 36 feet. The structure ceased to operate as a school in 1922, and subsequently used as a peach packhouse, a tobacco barn, and a tool shed. The school building underwent a major restoration between the years 1992 and 1998.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
References
One-room schoolhouses in North Carolina
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
School buildings completed in 1890
Buildings and structures in Randolph County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Richmond County, North Carolina
JJ Kavanagh and Sons is Ireland's largest private coach operator. It was founded in 1919 by J.J. Kavanagh with the operation of a service connecting Urlingford with Kilkenny City.
The company has expanded greatly since the 1990s with the take-over of Kenneally's coach operators in Waterford. Its head office is in Urlingford, County Kilkenny. There are also offices in Naas, Dublin, Clonmel, Nenagh, Waterford and Carlow. JJ Kavanagh and Sons is a member of the CTTC.
History
Beginnings (1919-1980)
JJ Kavanagh and Sons was founded in 1919 by JJ Kavanagh with the running of a daily coach service between Urlingford and Kilkenny. Over the following years, the company gradually expanded with in an increase in fleet size and number of routes with the introduction of an Urlingford - Clonmel route. At the time, the company had a lucrative delivery contract with some of Ireland's largest newspaper companies.
Change in Market and Rapid Expansion (1980-2010)
With the decline in the prominence of the newspaper in Ireland JJ Kavanagh and Sons lost their lucrative delivery deal and were forced to find new sources of finance. Under management of current managers, JJ and Paul the business has seen rapid expansion over the past three decades as they have launched many intercity routes as well as becoming prominent transporters in the private travel area in Ireland. The expansion of intercity routes has been made possible for the company as a result of their acquisition of a number of coach companies across the south-east of Ireland in Naas, Nenagh, Waterford and Clonmel as well as the opening of sub-offices in Carlow and Dublin.
International Expansion and Beyond (2011- )
To further boost profits the company sought international expansion. Expansion occurred with the purchase of Mullany's coaches in Watford, England. The deal is believed to have been in the region of €1million.
Services Operated
The company also currently operates a number of local bus services, including those in Waterford and Tramore and intercity express services From Dublin Airport and Dublin city to Limerick, Waterford, Clonmel, Carlow and Kilkenny.
It has also started a new service (2019) Dublin Airport and Dublin City hourly to Nass Co.Kildare
Fleet
The company's coach fleet, which operates on intercity services, is made up of over 100 modern Setra 400 series Neoplan Tourliner and as of late Mercedes Tourismo coaches which feature air conditioning, reclining seats, on-board toilets, seatbelts, USB sockets and audio/visual facilities. The number plate of each bus is made up entirely of number ones.
It was the first coach company in Ireland to introduce free Wi-Fi onto some of its coaches in 2009.
The bus fleet operated by the company on the town and city routes is made up of Mercedes-Benz Citaros.
J. J. Kavanagh & Sons became the first operator of the MCV Evora in Ireland, taking delivery of three examples in early 2018.
Other works
JJ Kavanagh and Sons plays a very active role in the Kilkenny and Carlow G.A.A. scene, sponsoring numerous of the hurling and gaelic football competitions in the counties. They currently sponsor the Kilkenny camogie team.
References
External links
JJ Kavanagh & Sons
Bus transport in the Republic of Ireland
Bus companies of the Republic of Ireland
Transport in County Kilkenny
Transport in County Tipperary
Aalt Toersen (born 6 November 1945 in Staphorst, Overijssel) is a Dutch former professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.
They had their best years in 1969 and 1970 when they won three races and finished the season in second place in the 50cc world championship, both times behind Angel Nieto.
References
1945 births
Living people
People from Staphorst
Dutch motorcycle racers
50cc World Championship riders
125cc World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Overijssel
Dendrobium ceraula (horned dendrobium) is a species of orchid endemic to the island of Luzon in the Philippines.
References
ceraula| ceraula
Endemic orchids of the Philippines
Flora of Luzon
Plants described in 1877
1920 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 14th water polo championship in Hungary. There were four teams who played one round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1920 in water polo
1920 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
The Racah seniority number (seniority quantum number) was introduced by Giulio Racah for the classification of electrons in an atomic configuration. The "seniority number", in a loosing statement, is quantum number additional to the total angular momentum and total spin , which gives the degree of unpaired particles.
A spin-independent interaction is assumed with the property
,
where is the combined angular momentum, magnetic quantum number, is electrons' orbital angular momenta, and is the dimensionless magnetic moment. The equation above shows there is no interaction unless the two electrons' orbital angular momenta are coupled to . The eigenvalue is the "seniority number" .
References
Quantum mechanics
Ana Crysna da Silva Romero (born May 4, 1988) is an Angolan swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events. They represented their nation Angola at the 2008 Summer Olympics, placing themselves among the top 70 swimmers in the 50 m freestyle.
Romero was invited by FINA to compete as a 20-year-old swimmer for the Angolan team in the women's 50 m freestyle at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Swimming in heat five, they threw down an Angolan national record time and a lifetime best of 29.06 seconds to round out the field in last place. Romero, however, failed to advance into the semi-finals, as they placed sixty-fifth overall out of ninety-two swimmers in the prelims.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Angolan female swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Angola
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Angolan female freestyle swimmers
Sportspeople from Luanda
Nina Avgustinovna Adolf (1903–1951) was a Russian botanist.
References
1903 births
1951 deaths
20th-century Russian botanists
Russian women botanists
Soviet botanists
No One () is a Mexican documentary film by Tin Dirdamal on the impoverished Central Americans who leave their countries in hope of a better life in the United States. It premiered in 2005 and was shown at different international film festivals, winning the Sundance Film Festival audience award for World Documentary in 2006.
The film follows a number of refugees who have to cross Mexico, about 4,000 kilometers, before reaching the US border. On their way through Mexico they put their remaining money, dignity, health and life on the line.
The soundtrack was written by Mexican composer Alfonso M.
References
External links
Interview with Tin Dirdamal (indiewire.com)
2005 films
2000s Spanish-language films
Mexican documentary films
Documentary films about refugees
Documentary films about immigration to the United States
2005 documentary films
2000s Mexican films
Paradise Theatre or Paradise Theater may refer to:
Orchestra Hall (Detroit), known as the Paradise Theatre from 1941 to 1951
Paradise Center for the Arts, a 1929 theater in Faribault, Minnesota, originally called the Paradise Theatre
Paradise Theater (Bronx), a 1929 theater in the Bronx, New York, originally called Loew's Paradise Theatre
Paradise Theatre (album), a 1981 concept album by the rock band Styx
Paradise Theatre (Chicago), a demolished 1928 movie palace and inspiration for the album by Styx
Paradise Theatre (Toronto), originally operated from 1937 to 2006, reopened in 2019
The Paradise, a fictional theatre featured in the film Phantom of the Paradise
The Paradise Rock Club, a music venue located in Boston, Massachusetts, formerly known as Paradise Theater.
See also
Paradise (disambiguation)
Paradise Club (disambiguation)
Trichiolaus is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.It is now a subgenus of Iolaus.
Lycaenidae
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius
CardUP is an American digital fundraising software for non-profit organizations. It was developed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. The company was founded in March 2020 and is based in New York City.
Conception
CardUP was founded in March 2020 by students at The Frisch School in Paramus, New Jersey (their high school was the first school in New Jersey to close as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic in that state).
See also
Crowdfunding
Crowdsourcing
References
Charity fundraising
COVID-19 pandemic in New Jersey
Moorebank High School (MHS) is a government-funded co-educational partially academically selective secondary day school, located in Chipping Norton, a suburb in the Liverpool district of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. The school was located in Moorebank until suburb borders changed.
Established in 1971 and operated by the New South Wales Department of Education, the school currently caters for approximately 1,041 students from Year 7 to Year 12. This is a comprehensive and selective high school.
History
Planning for Moorebank High School began in 1971 to meet the needs of the Moorebank, and growth areas. It wasn't until May 1975 however that the school was ready to be occupied. At the beginning of term, two staff members and students moved into the present school premises, with B. T. O'Donnell as the founding School Principal. In June 1985, to coincide with the opening of the school tennis courts, the school was officially opened by the then Minister of Education, Rodney Cavalier.
Over the years Moorebank High has built up a record of academic, sporting, performing arts and student leadership achievement. The school is a leader in the area of technology with five computing laboratories allowing learning programs to be developed for students. School musicals and Expo evenings are a feature of the school. In 2010 Moorebank High School became a partially selective high school.
Admissions and enrolment
Total enrolment in junior years (7–10) is approximately 180 students, and around 200 in senior years (11–12). Total number of enrolment was 1,075 students in 2018.
The school is partially selective, meaning it is divided into selective and comprehensive classes. Those who want to enrol in the comprehensive classes will just enrol normally, like in most other high schools.
Admission into selective classes in Year 7 is determined upon results in a Statewide examination known as the Selective High Schools Test. Entry into vacant places in later stages is based on a reserve list and other criteria, mainly reports from previous years. The school also has a Support Unit through which students with Autism Spectrum Disorder receive extra support and lessons designed to equip them for active participation in the wider community upon graduation. These students are also encouraged to take part in all aspects of school life and are an integral part of the school community.
Facilities
School facilities include six laboratories, three industrial kitchens, two wood-work studios, two metal-work studios, a recording studio, a photographic darkroom, a dual-library, a football field, a cricket field, two cricket nets, two basketball courts, three tennis courts, a dance studio, and an indoor multiplex hall with staging.
See also
List of government schools in New South Wales
List of selective high schools in New South Wales
References
Educational institutions established in 1971
1971 establishments in Australia
Public high schools in Sydney
Selective schools in New South Wales
City of Liverpool (New South Wales)
Pseudiolaus is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Lycaenidae
Amarduiyeh (, also Romanized as Amardū'īyeh) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 72, in 21 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Ganger or Gangar (Village ID 59169) is a small village in the Karnal district of Haryana state of India. It is about 13 km from Karnal on National Highway 44 about from Tarawadi bus stop. It is under Indri constituency of Haryana state assembly. Its demography is mainly composed of Chauhan Rajputs and village of warriors.The population of ganger is descendants of Rajput king Prithvi Raj Chauhan The king of Delhi.Most people are dependent on agriculture for their livelihood.Famous personalities from Ganger village " Manoj Rana s/o Ranbir singh", "R.L Chauhan".The main crops are rice, tomato, onion and wheat. The village also hosts a Century Plyboards (I) Ltd ctory.
According to the 2011 census it has a population of 1085 living in 199 households.
References
Villages in Karnal district
Lovett is an unincorporated community in eastern Laurens County, Georgia, United States. It is part of the Dublin Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Lovett had its start in 1884 when the railroad was extended to that point. The community was named after Warren P. Lovett, a railroad official.
The Georgia General Assembly incorporated Lovett as a town in 1889. The town's municipal charter was repealed in 1995.
References
Unincorporated communities in Laurens County, Georgia
Unincorporated communities in Georgia (U.S. state)
Dublin, Georgia micropolitan area
David Vance Tobik (born March 2, 1953) is an American former right-handed professional baseball relief pitcher. After attending Ohio University, Tobik played eight seasons in the Major League Baseball (MLB) with the Detroit Tigers (1978–1982), Texas Rangers (1983–1984), and Seattle Mariners (1985).
Career
Ohio University
Tobik played college baseball at Ohio University where they were an All-Mid-American Conference pitcher from 1971 to 1974. During the 1974 season, Tobik compiled a record of 6-3 with 78 strikeouts and an earned run average of 0.84. They were inducted into the Kermit Blosser Ohio Athletics Hall of Fame in 1989.
Detroit Tigers
In January 1975, Tobik was drafted by the Detroit Tigers in the first round (second overall) during the secondary phase of the January 1975 MLB draft.
From 1975 to 1977, they played for the Tigers' farm teams in Lakeland, Florida (the Lakeland Flying Tigers) and Montgomery, Alabama (the Montgomery Rebels). They moved up to the Triple-A Evansville Triplets in 1977 and played in Evansville for parts of the 1977 to 1980 seasons.
Tobik made their MLB debut on August 26, 1978, giving up three earned runs in a 9-5 loss to the Milwaukee Brewers. The following year, they appeared in 37 games for the 1979 Detroit Tigers. They spent most of the 1980 season in Evansville, but did appear in 17 games (all but one in relief) for the 1980 Tigers. On August 22, 1980, Tobik struck out four batters in one inning while pitching for Evansville against Denver, as La Rue Washington reached first base on a passed ball after being struck out by Tobik.
In 1981, Tobik compiled a record of 2-2 with a 2.69 earned run average (Adjusted ERA+ of 141) in 60-1/3 innings pitched.
In 1982, and after an injury sidelined Dave Rozema, Tobik became the Tigers' closer. In June 1982, Sparky Anderson credited Tobik's success to their development of a forkball and called Tobik the "king" of a Detroit bullpen that also included Kevin Saucier and Elías Sosa. Anderson added: "I admit, I didn't see it coming. But I'm smart enough to pounce on something good when I see it. We don't have anybody throwing like Tobik. That forkball of theirs is unreal." In May 1982, Tobik and Jack Morris combined for a two-hit shutout against the California Angels. In June 1982, Wade Boggs hit their first career home run off Tobik—an 11th inning walk-off home run that Boggs later recalled as a turning point in their early career. Tobik led the 1982 Tigers with nine saves, and appeared in a career-high 51 games, but also compiled a disappointing record of 4-9.
Texas Rangers
During spring training in 1983, Tobik was traded to the Texas Rangers for all-star outfielder Johnny Grubb. Playing for the Rangers in 1983, Tobik converted all nine of their save opportunities for the Rangers. Tobik pitched two seasons for the Rangers, appearing in 51 games, all in relief. In July 1984, the Rangers sent Tobik to Oklahoma City. On being sent to Oklahoma City, Tobik told reporters, "I don't know what to think anymore. I don't think they have to have a reason all the time for doing things. I'm a major league pitcher. I don't deserve this but what can you do?"
Calgary and Seattle
In January 1985, Tobik signed with the Calgary Cannons in the Pacific Coast League. They were the first player to sign with the newly formed Calgary baseball team. They won a career-high 12 games for the Cannons in 1985 and also established the team record for wins in a season. Tobik also compiled a 1-0 record for the Seattle Mariners in 1985. They appeared in their final game for the Mariners on October 5, 1985. At the end of the 1985 season, the Mariners asked for unconditional waivers on Tobik.
For their career, Tobik had a 14-23 record in 196 games. They had 28 saves and 116 games finished. Their career ERA was 3.70 (Adjusted ERA+ 110).
Family
Tobik married Anne Harter, whom they met while they played for the Evansville Triplets and they were a sports writer for the Evansville Press. They have two daughters and a son. Their son, Dan Tobik, was a top baseball recruit for the University of Tennessee at Martin. Dan currently pitches in the Los Angeles Angels organization, was drafted in 2013 out of the University of Tennessee at Martin. Tobik today lives in a suburb of St. Louis, Missouri.
References
External links
Venezuelan Professional Baseball League
1953 births
Living people
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Baseball players from Ohio
Calgary Cannons players
Detroit Tigers players
Evansville Triplets players
Lakeland Tigers players
Leones del Caracas players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
People from Euclid, Ohio
Major League Baseball pitchers
Montgomery Rebels players
Ohio Bobcats baseball players
Oklahoma City 89ers players
Seattle Mariners players
Sportspeople from Cuyahoga County, Ohio
Texas Rangers players
Georgije Hransislav (secular Gavrilo Hranislav; 8 November 1775 - 22 June 1843) was the bishop of the Serbian Orthodox Church.
Biography
Bishop Georgije was born as Gavrilo Hranislav in Ruma on 8 November 1775, to father Pavle and mother Alka. They studied basic sciences with local teachers in Ruma. In the period 1787-1791, they attended a Slav-Serbian school. They studied high school in Karlovac and Novi Sad, and then was at the Academy in Varaždin, listening to philosophy. In the end, they attended postgraduate classes in law and philosophy in Pest and Vienna.
Monastic life
From 1804, Gavrilo Hranislav was a professor at the grammar school in Karlovac until 1812, when Metropolitan Stefan Stratimirović promoted them to the rank of deacon on 6 October, and then protodeacon on 31 January 1813 and archdeacon on 21 November 1814. They became a close associate of the Metropolitan Stefan.
Gavrilo Hranislav accepted monasticism on 11 January 1816 in the monastery of Krušedol by the archimandrite of the monastery Dimitrije (Krestić), who gave them the name Georgije. They were ordained a presbyter on 2 June 1818, and on 21 November they were made protosingel by Metropolitan Stefan.
They were elevated to the rank of Archimandrite of Rakovac by the Bishop of Pakrac, Josif Putnik, on 28 November 1821. Until 1827, they were a professor of theology in Karlovac. At the same time, they were an assistant to the metropolitan and a member of many bodies and commissions. During this time, they paid special attention to the Rakovec Monastery, which was then completely renovated.
Episcopal vocation
On 24 January 1829, Archimandrite Georgije was consecrated Bishop of Pakrac, since the former Bishop Josef (Putnik) moved to the Timisoara Cathedral. Bishop Georgije remained there for a decade.
In 1839, Bishop Georgije was transferred to the Diocese of Bačka on 26 May. With the death of Metropolitan Stefan Stanković, they administered the Metropolitanate of Karlovci in the period from 31 July 1841 until the election of the new Metropolitan in 1842.
Bishop Georgije was a very educated man of their time and had a penchant for literature, translating, writing and collecting books. Their contemporaries were men of letters such as Sava Mrkalj, Jovan Muškatirović, Sava Tekelija, Lukijan Mušicki, Pavle Solarić, and Jovan Savić.
In addition, they helped the poor and educated young people. They translated a German cookbook into Serbian in 1804.
Georgije Hranislav died on 22 June 1843. They were buried in the Cathedral of the Serbian Orthodox Church of Novi Sad
References
People from Ruma
1775 births
1843 deaths
Bishops of Bačka
2009 Consadole Sapporo season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Consadole Sapporo
Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo seasons
Jeanne Munn Bracken is an American author and a retired librarian.  They are known for their non-fiction work, including Children With Cancer: A Comprehensive Reference Guide for Parents.
Biography
Bracken graduated from the University of New Hampshire in 1968 with a major in German Language and Literature and a minor in Speech and Drama. They earned their masters in Library Science from Simmons College in 1971. Bracken went on to work at the UNH Dimond Library, at the Boston University School of Medicine Library, at the Research Library at Arthur D. Little, Inc., at the Acton Memorial Library, and at the Lincoln Public Library. Bracken retired as a librarian in 2006.
Bracken's daughter, Lisa, was diagnosed and successfully treated for cancer when they were a child. During this time, Bracken researched cancer which led to their writing their first book.
Writing
Bracken's guide, Children With Cancer: A Comprehensive Reference Guide for Parents (2010) was called "Highly recommended" by Library Journal in 2010. The Journal of the Medical Library Association wrote that the format of the book "works very well" and that the references in the book are excellent. The Journal wrote that it is "an essential part of the collection of pediatric hospital libraries."
Library Journal also reviewed the 1986 edition and said Bracken gave "Good, clear overall coverage" of the topic. The Los Angeles Times wrote "Her perceptive suggestions help the reader calm the small child who is afraid of yet another need, aid the angry adolescent with a puffy face and bald head, give the exhausted parent permission to take the night off."
Bibliography
Awards
Best Editorial, Massachusetts Press Association
Best Feature article (2d and 3d prizes: New England Press Association)
Best column (2d and 3d prizes: New England Press Association)
Best column (1st prize): National Press Association
Excellence in Cancer Communications (American Cancer Society, Massachusetts Division)
New York Times Librarian Award, 2005
References
External links
Official site
American librarians
American women librarians
American writers
University of New Hampshire alumni
Simmons University alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
The discography of American rock group Steve Miller Band is composed of 18 studio albums (including one solo album by Steve Miller), six live albums, eleven compilation albums, three video albums and thirty singles.
Originally called the Steve Miller Blues Band, the group first made its mark as a psychedelic blues rock band in San Francisco. They went through a fallow period commercially in the early seventies before coming back with the hit album The Joker and the song of the same name in late 1973, followed by the band's two most successful studio albums in 1976 and 1977, Fly Like an Eagle and Book of Dreams. In 1978, they released their biggest selling album in North America, The Greatest Hits 1974–78, which has been certified 13× Platinum in the United States and diamond in Canada. Although the 1981 release Circle of Love was less successful than the two preceding studio albums, the popularity of 1982's Abracadabra, which included the worldwide hit single of the same name, more than made up for it. The band's studio releases became more infrequent at this point, with the biggest gap in albums being between 1993's Wide River and 2010's Bingo!. Their most recent studio album is 2011's Let Your Hair Down.
The band's releases have been most successful in North America: two #1 albums in Canada, three number one singles in the United States, two number one singles in Canada, three multi-platinum awards in the United States, and selling over 24 million albums in the United States alone. The band's most successful singles have been "The Joker", which peaked in the top 10 of the trade charts of six countries—reaching number one in four, and "Abracadabra", which made the top 10 in five countries—and number one in two countries. Of the band's albums, 12 have reached the top 40 in the United States and seven have done the same in Canada.
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Singles
Video albums
Notes
A.Album credited to "The Steve Miller Band".
B.Born 2 B Blue is a Steve Miller solo album.
D.All peak positions for "The Joker", except in the United States, are from the single's 1990 reissue.
E.Credited to Steve Miller on the American single release.
F.A UK only release.
References
Discographies of American artists
Rock music group discographies
The 1948 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 18th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Tipperary entered the championship as the defending champions, however, they were beaten by Waterford in the Munster final.
On 5 September 1948 Waterford won the championship following a 3-8 to 4-2 defeat of Kilkenny in the All-Ireland final. This was their second All-Ireland title and their first in 16 championship seasons.
Results
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
The All-Ireland final between Waterford and Kilkenny was the first ever championship meeting between the two teams.
Waterford became the fifth team to win more than one All-Ireland Championship title.
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Nimmons can refer to:
George Nimmons, architect
Phil Nimmons, jazz musician
Steve Nimmons, technologist
Nimmons, Arkansas
The California Health and Safety Code is the codification of general statutory law covering the subject areas of health and safety in the state of California. It is one of the 29 California Codes and was originally signed into law by the Governor of California on April 7, 1939.
Notable laws
The code contains various laws, including:
Healthcare
In Division 2, licensing of healthcare providers and facilities
a pharmaceutical surplus program, first passed in 2005 and expanded in 2012 and 2016; although as of 2018, 38 states had laws for such programs, in over a dozen states these were nonoperational. As of 2018, California had an operational program and in 2016 a nonprofit surplus pharmacy opened
a ban on copay coupon discounts when an equivalent generic is available for cheaper, passed in 2017 and subject to various exceptions
Division 107, Chapter 2.5 contains a "charity care" law for fair hospital pricing
California End of Life Option Act in Division 1. Section 443 - 443.22
laws regarding vaccine exemptions, including in 2015 California Senate Bill 277, which removed a personal belief exemption to vaccines for children public schools, and in 2019 SB 276, which further limited exemptions
AB 315 (2018) which regulates pharmacy benefit management
establishing various agencies under the California Health and Human Services Agency, although the top agency itself is created by Government Code section 12800
Health insurance
In Division 2, the Knox-Keene Health Care Service Plan Act of 1975 in Division 2. Chapter 2.2., 1340 - 1399.864, which is enforced by the California Department of Managed Health Care and regulates most health insurance in California, although some plans are regulated by the California Department of Insurance (CDI) with sometimes similar "companion" statutes in the California Insurance Code. Within this section are various laws affecting transparency and mandated benefits for health insurance plans, which are part of a broader movement among states including:
a standard formulary jointly developed with the CDI which was passed in 2014
for prescription prior authorization, SB 866 passed in 2011 mandated a standardization of forms jointly developed with CDI which became effective by 2015 with Form 61-211; this was further amended by SB 282 in 2016 which allowed prescribers flexibility to use other methods such as the SCRIPT system
a limit to prescription drug cost-sharing first passed as AB 339 in 2015 and then extended by SB 1021 in 2018
like all states, California mandates coverage for certain benefits, which are related but distinct from the essential health benefits mandated by the PPACA; these mandates are reviewed by the California Health Benefits Review Program which advises the legislature on proposed mandates
laws regarding cost transparency include an all-payer claims database (AB 1810) with possible explorations into single payer as well as cost transparency on prescription drugs
Environmental
establishes in Division 26 the California Air Resources Board, an agency under the California Environmental Protection Agency
in Division 37, sets various environmental protection laws; in addition, Division 104 includes various environmental health laws
Division 20, Chapter 6.6 contains 1986 California Proposition 65, The Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986
Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006, although global warming related provisions appear in various areas, e.g. state agency report card mandates in Government Code section 12890 - 12893
some major environmental laws are outside the code, including the California Environmental Quality Act which is codified in California Public Resources Code § 21000 et seq
Other
the Sexual Health Education Accountability Act passed in 2008, complementing laws in the California Education Code regarding sex education, which began with HIV prevention in the 1990s followed by California Comprehensive Sexual Health and HIV/AIDS Prevention Education Act in 2003
Division 2 licensing
Division 2 contains licensing requirements for a variety of healthcare facilities. Physicians are licensed by the Medical Board of California.
Chapter 2 enumerates 13 types of facilities in Section 1250.1 including hospitals, skilled nursing, and hospice; these are generally regulated by the Licensing and Certification Division of the California Department of Public Health.
Outpatient ambulatory surgery center facility licensing per Chapter 1 can vary, with three options: (1) Medicare certification and regulation by the Licensing and Certification Division of the California Department of Public Health; (2) accreditation by one of five different accrediting agencies and oversight by the Medical Board of California; or (3) state licensure, which is uncommon.
The California Adult Day Health Care Act of 1977 in Division 2, Chapter 3.3 which created a system to provide healthcare during the day without committing to a nursing home has been cited as a model for the nation.
Chapter 5 regulates the use of animals for research with a 1951 law, in practice, as of 2017 many laboratories are exempt from state law due to receiving federal funds or USDA regulation.
Complaints and investigations
The grantor of licenses, which in the case of many facilities is the California Department of Public Health, is responsible for investigating complaints and issuing fines. It has been criticized for lack of investigations and limited fines. In 2014, lawmakers held a hearing after investigative reporters raised concerns. Cases from 2001 were reportedly still open as of 2014.
See also
Law of California
References
External links
California Health and Safety Code
United States state health legislation
Health and Safety Code
Plebejidea is a Palearctic genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Listed alphabetically:
Plebejidea chamanica (Moore, 1884) Levant (deserts)
Plebejidea loewii (Zeller, 1847)
Plebejidea sanoga (Evans, 1925) West Himalaya
Plebejidea afshar (Eckweiler, 1998) Iran
References
External links
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Willets is an unincorporated community in Jackson County, North Carolina, United States. Willets are located along U.S. Route 74, west of Balsam and east of Sylva. It is home to the Balsam-Willets-Ochre Hill fire department, a church, and many homes. It was a thriving unincorporated town along the Murphy Branch of the Western North Carolina Railroad, but seriously declined during the Great Depression in the 1930s, consolidations of the schools in the Scott Creek Township in 1951, and the widening/straightening of US 23 in the early 1950s and early 1970s. Today it is a tiny bedroom community for the larger population centers of Waynesville and Sylva.
History
A post office called Willets was established in 1903, and remained in operation until 1934. The community was named for A. P. Willets, the owner of a local sawmill.
References
Unincorporated communities in Jackson County, North Carolina
Unincorporated communities in North Carolina
The 2021–22 season was the 118th season in the existence of Hellas Verona F.C. and the club's third consecutive season in the top flight of Italian football. In addition to the domestic league, Hellas Verona participated in this season's edition of the Coppa Italia.
Season events
On 7 June 2021, Eusebio Di Francesco was unveiled as the new head coach, signing a two-year contract, until 30 June 2023, replacing Ivan Jurić who left the club earlier that day to take over the vacant manager role at Torino.
Players
First-team squad
Other players under contract
On loan
Transfers
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Serie A
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 14 July 2021.
Coppa Italia
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=14 style="background:#000080; color:#FFFF00;; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style="background:#000080; color:#FFFF00;; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style="background:#000080; color:#FFFF00;; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style="background:#000080; color:#FFFF00;; text-align:center| Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style="background:#000080; color:#FFFF00;; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season
|-
!colspan=14 style="background:#000080; color:#FFFF00;; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season
References
Hellas Verona F.C. seasons
Hellas Verona
The 2012–13 Australian Women's Twenty20 Cup was the fourth formal season of the Australian Women's Twenty20 Cup, which was the premier domestic women's Twenty20 cricket competition in Australia prior to the inception of the Women's Big Bash League in 2015. The tournament started on 12 October 2012 and finished on 19 January 2013. Defending champions Victorian Spirit finished third. New South Wales Breakers won the tournament for the first time after finishing first in the group stage and beating Western Fury in the final.
Ladder
Fixtures
Final
Statistics
Highest totals
Most runs
Most wickets
References
External links
Series home at ESPNcricinfo
Australian Women's Twenty20 Cup seasons
Australian Women's Twenty20 Cup
The Cass River is an alpine river in the Canterbury region of the South Island of New Zealand. It rises in the Hall Range immediately below Rankin Pass, and also receives water from the nearby Huxley Glacier. After dropping very rabidly the river flows south with braided channels along a flat-bottomed valley for . The Leibig Range and Gamack Range are to the west, and the Haszard Range to the east.
The river flows into the west side of Lake Tekapo where it has built up a gravel delta.
The Cass River is named for Thomas Cass, Chief Surveyor of Canterbury Province from 1851 to 1867.
References
Rivers of Canterbury, New Zealand
Rivers of New Zealand
Aisin Gioro Yiwei (隱志郡王 奕緯; 16 May 1808 – 23 May 1831) was Qing dynasty imperial prince as Daoguang Emperor's first son. As the eldest emperor's son, they were an heir presumptive until their death. Though they were not granted a title of a crown prince, they were made the first Prince Yinzhi of the Second Rank. As the peerage was not granted iron-cap status, each subsequent successor would hold diminished ranks no lower than feng'en fuguo gong.
Life
Yiwei was born to a maid in the residence of Minning, lady Hoifa Nara. Their mother was later promoted to a position of secondary consort. In 1822, their mother was granted a title of Concubine He. Before lady Hoifa Nara was granted honorifical name, they had been addressed as "Her Highness Second Concubine", because they had been receiving a treatment befitting imperial concubine as a secondary consort.
In 1816, Yiwei was granted a title of the prince of the third rank by the Jiaqing Emperor. Since 1821, Yiwei has been an heir presumptive to the imperial throne as the emperor's eldest son despite they were not appointed as Crown Prince. Another reason why Yiwei was taken into consideration as a potential successor, was beautiful appearance. Yiwei was neither exceptionally well-versed in literature and martial arts nor showed diligence in the studies. One day, after they were reprimanded by a teacher, they told that if they had been an emperor, they would have killed the teacher. This deeply enraged the Daoguang Emperor, who spanked the prince and ordered them to return to their study to reflect on himself. As Yiwei was injured, eunuchs took them away and closed in the Third South Study.
In 1825, Yiwei organised Grand Sacrificial Ceremonies together with their paternal uncle Miankai. In 1830, Yiwei was once again sent to conduct sacrifices together with their fifth paternal uncle, Mianyu.
Yiwei died on 23 May 1831 in the Old Summer Palace of illness. The cause of their death became debatable subject among scholars. Official Qing dynasty records briefly mention that Yiwei was sent for recuperation and do not mention the diagnosis. It was suggested that careless and delayed treatment done by imperial doctors caused the death. Daoguang Emperor was shocked over the abrupt death of their son. When the funeral was organised in the Wuying hall in the Forbidden City, Daoguang Emperor suddenly left it. Their studio was abandoned for 17 years and was later given as a residence of Yizhu and Yixin. Yiwei was posthumously granted a title of Yinzhi beile (多罗隐志贝勒, meaning "profoundly aspiring"). In 1850, they were posthumously promoted to Prince Yinzhi of the Second Rank (隐志郡王)
Family
Yiwei was married to lady Gūwalgiya, daughter of duke Yinghai (英海) since 1822. Their primary consort died in 1827. They married later lady Ulanghan, daughter of sixth rank literary official Lude (禄德).
Primary Consort
First primary consort, of the Gūwalgiya clan (嫡福晋 瓜尔佳氏, d. 1827) 皇长子嫡福晋-->隐志贝勒嫡夫人-->隐志郡王嫡福晋
Second primary consort, of the Ulanghan clan (继福晋 乌朗罕氏, d. 1871) 皇长子侧福晋-->皇长子继福晋-->隐志贝勒继夫人-->隐志郡王继福晋
Concubine
Mistress, of an unknown clan (庶福晋 某氏) 皇长子庶福晋-->隐志贝勒妾-->隐志郡王庶福晋
Adopted son: Zaizhi (载治, 14 February 1839 - 27 January 1881), son of defender general Yiji (from Prince Xun (循) peerage) and mistress, lady Shen
References
Qing dynasty imperial princes
Daoguang Emperor's sons
Luminate (formerly Nielsen SoundScan, Nielsen Music Products, and MRC Data) is a provider of music sales data. Established by Mike Fine and Mike Shalett in 1991, data is collected weekly and made available every Sunday (for albums sales) and every Monday (for songs sales) to subscribers, which include record companies, publishing firms, music retailers, independent promoters, film and TV companies, and artist managers. It is the source of sales information for the Billboard music charts. It is owned by PMRC, a joint venture between Eldridge Industries (publisher of Billboard) and Penske Media Corporation.
The company operates the analytics platform Music Connect, Broadcast Data Systems (which tracks airplay of music), and Music 360.
History
Nielsen SoundScan began tracking sales data for Nielsen on March 1, 1991. The May 25 issue of Billboard published Billboard 200 and Country Album charts based on SoundScan "piece count data," and the first Hot 100 chart to debut with the system was released on November 30, 1991. Previously, Billboard tracked sales by calling stores across the U.S. and asking about sales—a method that was inherently error-prone and open to outright fraud. Indeed, while transitioning from the calling to tracking methods, the airplay and sales charts (already monitored by Nielsen) and the Hot 100 (then still using the calling system) often did not match (for instance Paula Abdul's "Promise of a New Day" and Roxette's "Fading Like a Flower" reached much higher Hot 100 peaks than their actual sales and airplay would have allowed them to).
Although most record company executives conceded that the new method was far more accurate than the old, the chart's volatility and its geographical balance initially caused deep concern, before the change and the market shifts it brought about were accepted across the industry. Tower Records, the country's second-largest retail chain, was originally not included in the sample because its stores were equipped with different technology to measure sales.
At first, some industry executives complained that the new system—which relied on high-tech sales measurement rather than store employee estimates—was based on an inadequate sample, one that favored established and mainstream acts over newcomers.
The Recording Industry Association of America also tracks sales (or more specifically, shipments minus potential returns) on a long-term basis through the RIAA certification system; it has never used either Nielsen SoundScan or the store-calling method.
The first Billboard Hot 100 number-one song via Nielsen SoundScan was "Set Adrift on Memory Bliss" by P.M. Dawn.
Other changes would also largely impact the Hot 100 in the future, consisting of radio-only songs being able to chart in 1998, and YouTube views playing part of how a Hot 100 is decided in 2013.
In December 2019, Eldridge Industries' Valence Media, the current parent company of Billboard, acquired Nielsen's music data business, reuniting it with Billboard for the first time since its spin-off to E5 Global Media from Nielsen Business Media. It was renamed MRC Data in 2020 after Eldridge Industries merged Valence with the film and television studio MRC. and was then brought under its PMRC joint venture with Penske Media Corporation as P-MRC Data. It was renamed once more to Luminate Data in March 2022. In August 2022, the MRC merger was unwound, with Eldridge Industries taking sole ownership of its stake in PMRC.
Tracking
Sales data from cash registers is collected from 14,000 retail, mass merchant, and non-traditional (on-line stores, venues, digital music services, etc.) outlets in the United States, Canada, UK and Japan.
The requirements for reporting sales to Nielsen Music are that the store has Internet access and a point of sale (POS) inventory system. Submission of sales data must be in the form of a text file consisting of all the UPCs sold and the quantities per UPC on a weekly basis. Sales collected from Monday-Sunday or Sunday-Saturday are reported every Monday and made available to subscribers every Wednesday. Anyone selling a music product with its own UPC or ISRC may register that product to be tracked by Luminate.
Sales calculation
Not all retailers participate in the SoundScan program, so total CD sales are projected from the collected data using a statistical calculation called "weighting". This assigns a multiplier to each category of stores, to compensate for the number of similar stores not covered by the sampling program. Sales in each category are multiplied accordingly.
Such a system is vulnerable to exploitation if it is known which stores are included in the sampling program. To inflate their reported chart sales, some indie labels were reported to purposefully target stores in the program for on-site sales promotions. Also, other labels were found shipping boxes of their CDs to be scanned by complicit retailers in the program.
Impact
The incorporation of SoundScan tracking by the Billboard charting system was cited by the industry as a possible cause of the early '90s popularization of alternative music in the United States. An explanation floated was that the previous call system under-represented marginal genres. Under SoundScan, more accurate data on alternative music sales allowed these acts to appear higher in the Billboard charts than before, and their chart success helped increase the genre's popularity. In addition, SoundScan sales data quickly found use in the promotion departments at major record labels, to persuade radio station music directors to play tracks by high-selling alternative artists such as Nirvana.
See also
Album era
Music recording certification
List of best-selling albums in the United States of the Nielsen SoundScan era
DigiListan – Swedish radio programme using Nielsen SoundScan to create its statistics
References
External links
Nielsen Music Sales Measurement (formerly SoundScan)
Distribution (marketing)
Market research organizations
Telecommunications-related introductions in 1991
American music industry
The Ishiguro Storm Surge Machine is an analogue computer built by Japanese oceanographer Shizuo Ishiguro. Between 1960 and 1983, it was used to model storm surges in the North Sea by the UK National Institute of Oceanography. It is now on display in the Mathematics Gallery of the Science Museum in London.
History
Following the serious North Sea flood of 1953, the UK government set up a committee (known as the Waverley Committee) to develop a plan to prevent future disasters. The UK National Institute of Oceanography (NIO, now the National Oceanography Centre) was responsible for scientific investigation of storm surges in the UK. In 1957 Shizuo Ishiguro, a Japanese oceanographer who had been developing analogue methods for predicting ocean surges joined the NIO to apply their work to the North Sea. Initially, this was through a UNESCO fellowship but they later became a permanent employee of the NIO. Ishiguro continued to develop and apply their analogue model until the early 1980s, when improvements in digital computers led many oceanographers to favour numerical simulations. Ishiguro retired in 1983 but continued to work on their machine at home until their death in 2007. Ishiguro's storm surge computer was then acquired by the Science Museum, London where it is part of a display in the Mathematics Gallery about modelling the seas.
Description
Ishiguro's machine is an analogue computer where electrical voltage and current are used to mimic the height and flow of water. The North Sea is represented as a grid with approximately 80 nodes which are connected electrically so that the flow of electricity between the nodes represents the flow of water between different points of the North Sea. The flow of water between points in the North Sea depends on the difference in water height, on fixed physical features such as coastlines and sea depth, on the Coriolis force (due to the Earth's rotation) and on time-dependent effects such as tidal forces (due to the gravitational effect of the Moon and the Sun) . The model mimics these using combinations of electrical components (resistors, capacitors, inductors) and signal generators to provide time-dependent inputs. The model simulates how a storm surge, typically approaching from the North, might move southwards across the North Sea. It predicts water flow and height at different locations and times allowing assessment of the maximum tidal height and the time at which the maximum might be expected at specific locations. A common use of the model was to investigate the need for sea walls and coastal defences. A film made by the NIO showing Ishiguro's explanation of the computer is in the archives of the National Oceanography Centre at the University of Southampton.
The physical structure of the computer comprises two panels containing the electrical grid used for the simulation, and a separate input/output section. Inputs were made using a Commodore CBM 8032 Computer with 5¼" floppy disk drives; the output was displayed on an Advance Instruments OS-240 oscilloscope and recorded photographically.
Digital computers (where the equations of flow are solved numerically) were available in the 1960s but Ishiguro argued that the analogue approach was more flexible and avoided the computational problems of working with discrete time steps. Subsequent improvements in electronic computers means that numerical modelling is now more commonly used than analogue modelling; modern examples include the National Tidal and Sea-level Facility in the UK or the "Sea, Lake, and Overland Surge from Hurricane" model used by US agencies.
References
External links
https://collection.sciencemuseumgroup.org.uk/objects/co8428222/electronic-storm-surge-modelling-machine-storm-surge-model
Analog computers
Tropical cyclone meteorology
Stary Sibay () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Sibaysky Selsoviet, Baymaksky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 2,746 as of 2010. There are 48 streets.
Geography
Stary Sibay is located 32 km northeast of Baymak (the district's administrative centre) by road. Zoloto is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baymaksky District
Think About Life is self-titled debut album by Think About Life.
Track listing
"Paul Cries" – 3:15
"Bastian and the Boar" – 2:27
"Commander Riker's Party" – 2:54
"Fireworks" – 2:54
"Money" – 4:52
"In Them Hands" – 3:04
"Serious Chords" – 3:14
"What the Future Might Be" (feat. Subtitle) – 2:28
"(slow-motion slam-dunk from the free-throw line)" – 1:37
"The Blue Sun" – 7:53
Personnel
Martin Cesar – Vocals (Drums on "The Blue Sun")
Graham Van Pelt – Keyboards / Vocals
Matt Shane – Drums (Vocals on "The Blue Sun")
Subtitle – Guest vocals on "What the Future Might Be"
Chloe Lum – Guest noises on "Commander Riker's Party" and "In my Hands"
Gordon Krieger - clarinet on "Money"
External links
Think About Life at Alien8 Recordings.
References
Think About Life albums
2006 albums
Alien8 Recordings albums
The Ioniveyem (, also Ионивээм Ioniveem, Yeni-Veyem and Yoniveem) is a river located in the Chukotka Peninsula in Far East Siberia, Russia. It flows northwards into the Kolyuchinskaya Bay, Chukchi Sea. It is long, and has a drainage basin of .
The mountain called "Gora Ioni" is located close to it to the east in mid course.
This river and its basin belong to the Chukotka Autonomous Okrug administrative region of Russia.
References
Geographic Location
Northeast Asia in the Late Pleistocene and Early Holocene
Hydrographic and Environmental data
Biological imaging
Rivers of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug
Drainage basins of the Chukchi Sea
Ren-Chang Ching (; 15 February 1898 – 22 July 1986), courtesy name Zinong, was a Chinese botanist who specialised in ferns.
Life and work
Ren-Chang Ching was a Chinese botanist and pteridologist who made significant collections of plants from Mongolia to Yunnan. They were born in Wujin, Jiangsu, and studied botany and forestry at the University of Nanjing. On graduating in 1925 they taught at Southeastern University and from 1927 was Head of the Botany Section, Nanjing Museum. Here they switched their focus from trees to pteridophytes, which thereafter became their speciality. At this time, there were no experts on Chinese ferns in China and no single fern specimen was correctly identified in the small herbarium just started in Beijing. Ching started to correspond with pteridologists in the West (H. Christ, C. Christensen, W.R. Maxon and E.B. Copeland), thereby creating a basic library on Asiatic ferns for reference. In addition they started to make extensive collections of ferns, particularly from the provinces south of the Yangtze, but they knew they needed to see the type specimens in western herbaria.
Learning western languages so they could access the many Chinese herbarium specimens held in western institutions, Ching visited Europe following the Fifth International Botanical Congress in 1930. In Copenhagen, they consulted the fern expert Carl Christensen, and then worked at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, for more than a year. They again visited Copenhagen in 1932 and then Vienna, Prague and other European herbaria before returning to China later that year, where they joined the Fan Memorial Institute of Biology (later Academia Sinica), Beijing. in 1933, Ching was one those who founded the Chinese Botanical Society, and soon afterwards founded the Lushan Arboretum and Botanical Garden in Jiangsi Province.
When the Japanese invaded China in 1937, Ching fled to Kunming (Yunnan Province), where, working at Yunnan University, they helped to found the Lijiang Botanical Station, where they were director until 1945. Ching remained in Yunnan until 1949, when they returned to Beijing to head the Taxonomic Section in the Institute of Botany, Academia Sinica, where their energies were largely focussed on education and forestry. However, their interest in ferns continued for the rest of their life, with them finally publishing more than 140 papers and books on them. Major works were Icones Filicum Sinicarum (1930-1958) and the series Studies of Chinese Ferns. They were also the principal author of the fern treatments in Flora Republicae Popularis Sinicae.
(This section is essentially a rewrite of the corresponding JSTOR article.)
Some plants they authored
(In the Adiantaceae)
Adiantum annamense Ching -- Acta Phytotax. Sin. 6: 315. 1957.
Adiantum breviserratum (Ching) Ching & Y.X.Lin -- Acta Phytotax. Sin. 18(1): 104. 1980
Adiantum capillus-veneris L. f. dissectum (M.Martens & Galeotti) Ching -- Acta Phytotax. Sin. 6: 344. 1957
Adiantum capillus-veneris L. f. fissum (Christ) Ching -- Acta Phytotax. Sin. 6: 343. 1957
Adiantum chienii Ching -- Sinensia 1: 50. 1930
Adiantum davidii var. longispinum Ching -- Acta Phytotax. Sin. 6: 333. 1957
Sources
R.C. Ching and Z.H. Wang, 1982, "A Brief Report on the Progress of Pteridological Research in China", American Fern Journal, 72(1): 1-2
K.S. Shing (ed. A.C. Jermy and A.M. Paul), 1988, "Ching Ren Chang 1898-1986: A Bibliography", Taxon, 37(2): 409-416.
Brummitt, R.K. & Powell, C.E., Authors Pl. Names (1992): 118; Chaudhri, M.N., Vegter, H.I. & de Bary, H.A., Index Herb. Coll. I-L (1972): 452; Lanjouw, J. & Stafleu, F.A., Index Herb. Coll. A-D (1954): 125, 166; Vegter, H.I., Index Herb. Coll. T-Z (1988): 1045;
References
External links
JSTOR Global Plants: Ren-Chang Ching
1898 births
1986 deaths
20th-century Chinese botanists
Chinese taxonomists
University of Nanking alumni
Biologists from Jiangsu
Scientists from Changzhou
Sucina is a village belonging to the municipality of Murcia in the Region of Murcia, located in Campo de Murcia, in the Huerta de Murcia Region, (although it is also included in the Campo de Cartagena agrarian region) in southeastern Spain. The village is 29 kilometers from Murcia and 15 kilometers northwest of San Javier. The village has a population of 2,098 inhabitants (INE 2019) and an area of 65,361 km².
Amenities
The village center consists of a church called ‘Nuestra Señora del Rosario' and was renovated due to its age. On one side of the church lies a bank, while the other side holds a restaurant. Two roads go up from the church, along a row of tiny, terraced houses dating to the 18th century. The local ‘Panaderia,' otherwise known as the bakery is located there. Pasteles or cakes, are made there. These support a vital part of Spanish tradition on birthdays, saints' days, and Sundays. New houses and resorts are under construction.
Sucina has two town halls. The older one is deep in the old town. Inside is a small theatre and a hairdresser, plus information regarding activities, courses, and events. Outside the town hall is a play area for children. long the benches, the older townsfolk seek refuge from the sun under the shade of the trees, keeping guard whilst their children play. A small platform stage can also be found outside the Ayuntamiento, where the steps of the town hall are utilised as makeshift seats, for any outdoor staged events. A few hundred yards away, just on the cusp of the town, one may discover the second and newer town hall, with a far more modern feel and almost clinical design. Several meters adjacent, there is a petrol station and a tobacconist. On one corner is a kiosk selling crisps, salted popcorn (palomitas - little doves or pigeons if you prefer), and sunflower seeds.
History
Around the 16th or 17th century, Murcia's countryside population began to grow. Sucina's appointment was known as ‘El Pozo de Sucina', translated as ‘Sucina's Well' and also known as Cañada de Sucina - Sucina's canyons.
During the Liberal Triennium ( 1820 - 1823 ) Sucina managed to become an independent municipality, including in its municipal term Balsicas (de Arriba), Cañadas de San Pedro, Gea and Truyols, Cabezo de la Plata (which is currently in the district of Cañadas de San Pedro) and Jerónimo y Avileses . However, in 1823 it returned to depend on the Murcia City Council.
At the beginning of the 18th century during Murcia's agricultural period, Sucina was a dependent town within Murcia's jurisdiction. Shortly thereafter, a local parish in Sucina was formed in 1744 by Don Balthazar Artega y Gamba, with the parish represented by a priest from La Orden de Los Clérigos Menores (The order of the young clergy), Don Juan Matheo. In 1768, 919 parishioners were recorded. In the early 19th century, between 1820-1823, Sucina's Ayuntamiento was erected. Around this era, construction was underway for the inhabitants of the town, whereby 50 terraced houses were built including 400 semi-detached homes, purely for the town's labourers.
Geography
The land is dry with no river or lake nearby. Therefore, the source of water is rain.
The village limits with:
northwest: Cañadas de San Pedro
northeast: the municipality of Orihuela
west: Gea and Truyols
southwest: Jerónimo and Avileses
south: the municipality of San Javier
Economy
Produce, such as almonds, olives, wheat, artichokes, green beans, melons, lemons and tomatoes are grown there for export. These products are the main agricultural activity. Their biggest commercial enterprise is the cultivation, transport and export of almonds. Wildlife such as foul and rabbits are scattered about these lands also claiming this region as their own.
Demographics
In the 20th century, Sucina witnessed vast changes, especially from its population decline. Its 1,714 inhabitants in 1960 declined to 1,005 by 1970 and in 1991 to 985. However, in 1996 the population recovered to 1,054.
Gallery
References
Murcia
Populated places in the Region of Murcia
Clairtone Sound Corporation Limited was a manufacturer of high-quality sound electronics and accessories based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Founded in 1958 by the Hungarian-born entrepreneur and electronics engineer Peter Munk with furniture designer David Gilmour, the company established an international reputation for stereo and cabinetry design in the 1960s. It had failed little more than a decade later, but in its heyday it made a notable contribution to the field of consumer electronics.
Already in 1959, Clairtone won a design award from Canada's National Industrial Design Council for its very first hi-fi model, the "100-S"—a long, low teak cabinet fitted with a Dual 1004 turntable, a Granco tube chassis, and speakers obscured by cream-colored broadcloth from Knoll. But the most famous Clairtone design was the futuristic Project G series designed by Hugh Spencer and introduced at the National Furniture Show in Chicago in January 1964. Striking, massive (nearly seven-feet long), and expensive ($1,600, or about $12,000 today), the Project G featured a rosewood cabinet mounted on a metal base, and, at either end, cantilevered black aluminum "sound globes" (a.k.a. speakers). The Project G introduced the now-standard modular approach to consumer audio that offered a dramatic departure from boxy cabinet design popular until that time (and which Clairtone also manufactured). The Project G won a silver medal at the 1964 Milan Triannale and is now widely considered a design icon.
Clairtone earned a reputation for combining modern designs with high-quality materials, and marketing them well. It opened its first international sales office in New York in 1960 and convinced Frank Sinatra and Oscar Peterson, among others luminaries, to endorse Clairtone's sound systems. "Listen to Sinatra on Clairtone stereo. Sinatra does," was one of the company's memorable tag lines. The Project G system was featured in the films Marriage on the Rocks and The Graduate, marking an early example of product placement, and Clairtone hired the fashion photographer Irving Penn to photograph the hi-fi for its promotional booklets and brochures. The Project G came to epitomize the ethos of the Swinging Sixties when Hugh Hefner bought one for the Playboy Mansion.
In 1963, Clairtone began traded publicly on the Toronto Stock Exchange. At its peak, demand for Clairtone's stereos in Canada and the U.S. was so great that for a time the company's factory stayed open around the clock. But even as sales soared and it was winning awards for its innovative designs, Clairtone was facing insurmountable financial troubles. In 1963, it earned a profit of $300,000 on sales of $10 million, and profits decreased the following year as marketing costs rose higher than sales.
Early investor Frank Sobey, who had been mayor of Stellarton, Nova Scotia from 1937 to 1959 and was then president of Industrial Estates Limited (IEL), helped the company obtain financial support from the Government of Nova Scotia to open an electronics manufacturing plant in Stellarton. The company decided to switch production to televisions at this time and was fully operational in Stellarton by the summer of 1966. There were close to 1,000 employees at the time.
Clairtone launched its new G-TV television set with its usual flair, hiring the cinematographer Fritz Spiess to direct a TV advertisement that starred Peter Munk and David Gilmour driving a 1936 Pierce-Arrow convertible across the Brooklyn Bridge—with a Clairtone TV set in the back seat (the ad, titled "New York," can be found on YouTube today). But Clairtone's entry into the colour television market was ill-timed (the market would not take off for another five years; see History of Television). Sales were exceedingly poor, with annual losses in 1967 of more than $6 million, and the business began to spiral out of control. In October, 1967, Industrial Estates Limited, an economic development agency of the Government of Nova Scotia, took over control of the company from Peter Munk and David Gilmour. Sales continued to decline and the share price plunged from more than $15 in 1967 to a few cents by 1970.
A confidential study commissioned by Clairtone in 1967 found that the failure of the plant was in part due to the local workforce: "The general population is basically not geared to the manufacturing frenzy and especially the five-day workweek... The welfare situation is such that it has created conditions similar to Appalachia in the United States where the third generation is already on relief." But, as reported by Peter Munk's daughter, the financial journalist Nina Munk, in their 2008 book about Clairtone (The Art of Clairtone: The Making of a Design Icon, 1958-1971), the labour force in Stellarton was only one of many problems: "Nothing went smoothly, from all accounts. Cost controls were 'nonexistent,' according to the commissioned study. Roads leading to the factory were so bad that Clairtone's stereos and TVs were often damaged en route. Getting parts for the stereos, a task that at the old plant in Rexdale, Ontario, could be organized in a single day, took several weeks. As for the manufacturing process itself, Clairtone's inexperienced management team was over its head, and sinking: inventory went missing; unidentified parts accumulated on the factory floor; the assembly line seldom if ever ran at full speed or full capacity."
By March 1970, Clairtone was sold to the Government of Nova Scotia and came under new management. At this time it began to offer cheaper products including the world's smallest transistor radio, the "Mini Hi-Fi". The company hemorrhaged money to the amount of $19 million that year, losses that were absorbed by the province. Clairtone's stock was de-listed from the Toronto Stock Exchange in 1971, and the company finally closed in 1972. The assets were sold but the company was not officially dissolved until 1979. Over the period of its investment the Government of Nova Scotia lost approximately $25 million, considerably more in today's money.
Notes
Further reading
Roy E. George, The Life and Times of Industrial Estates Limited, Halifax: Henson College, Dalhousie University, 1974. (IEL was the company crown agency that attracted Clairtone to Nova Scotia and later took over the company.)
Garth Hopkins, Clairtone: The Rise and Fall of a Business Empire, Toronto: McClelland & Stewart, 1978.
Nina Munk and Rachel Gotlieb, The Art of Clairtone: The Making of a Design Icon, 1958-1971, McClelland & Stewart, May 2008.
The Clairtone Sound Corporation Fonds is an extensive archive of photographs, technical drawings and graphical material deposited by Clairtone at Nova Scotia Archives and Records Management, Halifax, Nova Scotia.
There is also a small archive of Clairtone ephemera (catalogues and brochures) as well as a G2 console at the Design Exchange (DX) Resource Centre in Toronto.
External links
Clairtone Sound Corporation Fonds at Nova Scotia Archives
Clairtone Catalogue on Flickr
1967 TV commercial, starring Clairtone's founders, Peter Munk and David Gilmour, with footage from the factory in Stellarton, NS. YouTube.
"New York"—1967 TV commercial for Clairtone's G-TV, shot in New York City by Frank Spiess and was produced by Young & Rubicam.
Clairtone Collection: Clairtone Collection Website created by Daniel Leblanc and DC Hillier showcasing their extensive Clairtone collection.
YouTube: 2008 CBC News Feature Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) news feature about Clairtone.
Companies based in Nova Scotia
Consumer electronics
Defunct manufacturing companies of Canada
Furniture companies of Canada
Audio equipment manufacturers of Canada
Pictou County
Electronics companies established in 1958
1958 establishments in Ontario
Electronics companies disestablished in 1979
1979 disestablishments in Ontario
Canadian companies disestablished in 1979
Canadian companies established in 1958
Thomas "Tom" Kottas (; born 27 April 1996) is a Greek professional basketball player for Karditsa of the Greek Basket League.  They are a 2.08 m (6'10") tall center.
Professional career
Kottas began playing basketball with the youth teams of APS Ajax Amynteo. They then transferred to play with the youth teams of PAOK Thessaloniki in the summer of 2011. After playing with the junior teams of PAOK Thessaloniki, Kottas began their professional career in 2013, with the senior men's team of PAOK. They left the club after 3 years, due to their limited playing time.
On 26 July 2016, Kottas joined Rethymno Cretan Kings of the Greek Basket League. On 17 July 2018, Kottas signed with newly promoted team Holargos. On 3 August 2019, Kottas moved to Ionikos Nikaias. They averaged 3.8 points and 2.4 rebounds per game.
On 27 August 2020, Kottas signed with Larisa. In 21 games, they averaged 3.4 points and 3.1 rebounds per contest. On 26 July 2021, Kottas signed with Aris, returning to Thessaloniki. In 24 games, they averaged 2.7 points, 2.4 rebounds and 0.6 blocks in under 10 minutes per contest.
On August 29, 2022, Kottas signed with Karditsa.
National team career
Kottas has been a member of the Greek junior national teams. With Greece's junior national teams, they played at the 2012 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship, and both the 2013 and 2014 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championships. They also played at the 2015 FIBA Under-19 World Cup, the 2015 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship, and the 2nd division 2016 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship Division B, where they won a bronze medal.
Awards and accomplishments
Greek national team
2016 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship Division B:
References
External links
Thomas Kottas at Eurocupbasketball.com
Thomas Kottas at FIBA.com
Thomas Kottas at FIBAEurope.com
Thomas Kottas at Esake.gr
Thomas Kottas at Eurobasket.com
1996 births
Living people
Aris B.C. players
Centers (basketball)
Greek men's basketball players
Holargos B.C. players
Ionikos Nikaias B.C. players
Larisa B.C. players
P.A.O.K. BC players
Rethymno B.C. players
Sportspeople from Ptolemaida
Mankurt is the term for an unthinking slave in Chinghiz Aitmatov's novel The Day Lasts More Than a Hundred Years.
According to Aitmatov's fictional legend, mankurts were prisoners of war who were turned into non-autonomous docile servants by exposing camel skin wrapped around their heads to the heat of the sun. These skins dried tight, like a steel band, causing brain damage and figurative zombification. Mankurts did not recognise their name, family or tribe—"a mankurt did not recognise themselves as a human being".
In Aitmatov's novel, a young man defending their homeland from invasion by the nomadic Ruanruan is captured, tortured, and brainwashed into serving their homeland's conquerors. Having completely lost their memory, they kill their mother when they attempt to rescue them from captivity. In the later years of the Soviet Union mankurt entered everyday speech to describe the alienation that people had toward a society that repressed them and distorted their history.
Aitmatov did not take the idea from tradition but invented it himself. N. Shneidman stated "The mankurt motif, taken from Central Asian lore, is the dominant idea of the novel and connects the different narrative levels and time sequences".
Etymology and usage
"Mankurt" may be derived from the Mongolian term "мангуурах" (manguurakh, meaning "stupid"), Turkic mengirt (one who was deprived memory) or (less probably) man kort (bad tribe).
In the figurative sense, the word "mankurt" refers to people who have lost touch with their ethnic homeland, who have forgotten their kinship. In this sense, it has become a term in common parlance and journalism. In Russian, there have appeared neologisms such as mankurtizm, mankurtizatsiya (meaning "mankurtization"), and demankurtizatsiya (meaning "demankurtization"). In some former Soviet republics, the term has come to represent those non-Russians who have lost their ethnic heritage by the effects of the Soviet system.
In cinema
In 1990, the film Mankurt (Манкурт) was released in the Soviet Union. Written by Mariya Urmadova, the film is based on one narrative strand in the novel The Day Lasts More Than a Hundred Years. It represents the last film directed by Khodzha Narliyev.
See also
Ethnic cleansing
Authoritarian personality
Heart of a Dog
Homo Sovieticus
Peon
Pitchcapping
Vatnik (slang)
References
External links
«И дольше века длится день»
Turkic mythology
Turkish words and phrases
Pejorative terms for people
The Gate City Street Railroad Company of Atlanta, Georgia was chartered by the state of Georgia on September 26, 1879. The individuals involved in the formation of the company included Laurent DeGive (Belgian consul and opera house owner), Levi B. Nelson (city councilman), Capt. Augustus M. Reinhardt (namesake of Reinhardt University) and John Stephens. In 1884 they built a line which started at the Kimball House and went via Pryor, Wheat and Jackson Streets to Ponce de Leon Springs. The line operated until January 1887, when it was sold.
References
Atlanta's Streetcars of the Nineteenth Century (blog)
Edward Young Clarke, Atlanta illustrated, p.107
Acts passed by the General Assembly of Georgia, p. 275
See also
Streetcars in Atlanta
Timeline of mass transit in Atlanta
History of Atlanta
Defunct public transport operators in the United States
Companies based in Atlanta
Railway lines in Atlanta
Herbert Dorfmann (born 4 March 1969 in Brixen, South Tyrol) is an Italian agronomist and politician of the South Tyrolean People's Party (SVP) who has been serving as a Member of the European Parliament since 2009.
Personal life
After graduating from high school, Dorfmann studied agricultural sciences in Piacenza and they started teaching in the agricultural school of Auer. They then became the head of the department for agriculture in the chamber of commerce in Bolzano. After that Dorfmann became the director of the South Tyrolean farmers' association, a position they occupied for nearly ten years. Dorfmann is married and father of two sons.
Political career
From 2005 to 2009, Dorfmann served as mayor of Feldthurns.  They are also the chairperson of the South Tyrolean People's Party in the Eisacktal district and therefore a member of both the party's leadership and its executive committee.
In the 2009 European election, Dorfmann was elected as a Member of the European Parliament with the list of the South Tyrolean People's Party (SVP). They have since been serving on the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, where they are their parliamentary group's coordinator. Along with Norbert Lins, they are also their group's co-rapporteur on the reform of the Common Agricultural Policy. In 2020, they also joined the Subcommittee on Tax Matters.
Within the European People's Party (EPP), Dorfmann serves on the governing board.
In addition to their committee assignments, Dorfmann has been part of the Parliament's delegations to the Euro-Latin American Parliamentary Assembly (since 2019) and for relations with the countries of Southeast Asia and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (since 2021).
References
External links
Dorfmann's personal webpage
1969 births
Living people
Germanophone Italian people
People from Brixen
Mayors of places in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol
South Tyrolean People's Party MEPs
South Tyrolean People's Party politicians
MEPs for Italy 2014–2019
MEPs for Italy 2009–2014
21st-century Italian politicians
MEPs for Italy 2019–2024
S. P. Muthuraman, also referred to as SPM, is an Indian film director who works in the Tamil film industry. They have directed 72 films in Tamil. They were one of the most successful commercial directors in Tamil cinema. Initially they worked mainly with R. Muthuraman, Jaishankar, Rajinikanth, Sivaji Ganesan and Kamal Haasan.
S. P. Muthuraman debuted as an assistant director in the film Kalathur Kannamma (1960). They have received two South Filmfare Awards and a Best Director award from the Tamil Nadu State Government.
Since 1977, their association with Rajinikanth proved to be extremely successful, as they went on work together in 25 films. Muthuraman was mainly responsible for moulding Rajini's career and turning them into a commercial star. They were also the associate producer of the Rajinikanth starrer Sivaji.
Early life and Family
Muthuraman was born on 7 April 1935 as the second of seven children in a family in Karaikudi. As per the norms in their region, Muthuraman's parents gave them another name - Rajaram Mohan - which became obsolete over time. Their father Karaikudi Rama.Subbaiah was one of the forerunners of the Dravidian Movement and a member of the erstwhile Tamil Nadu Legislative Council during 1972-78. Muthuraman's youngest brother is the Dravidian ideologue Suba Veerapandian.
Career
Muthuraman started their film career through AVM Productions as an editor, then an assistant director to the duo Krishnan–Panju, eventually working with A. Bhimsingh, D. Yoganand, Puttanna Kanagal, M. Krishnan Nair and A. C. Tirulokchandar.
Personal life
They married Kamala in 1960. The couple have 3 children. Their wife Kamala died on 15 October 1992 before the release of their 70th film, Pandiyan.
Other works
Muthuraman wrote a weekly column for The Hindu Tamil named Cinema Eduththu Paar; all articles were later published as a single book in paperback format.
Awards
Filmfare Awards South
1977 – Best Director – Tamil for Oru Oodhappu Kan Simittugiradhu
1978 – Best Director – Tamil for Bhuvana Oru Kelvi Kuri
Tamil Nadu State Film Awards
1979 – Best Director for Aarilirunthu Arubathu Varai
2012 – Lifetime Achievement Award – South
Filmography
As director
TV series
References
External links
Film directors from Tamil Nadu
Tamil film directors
Living people
People from Sivaganga district
20th-century Indian film directors
Filmfare Awards South winners
Tamil Nadu State Film Awards winners
Tamil film producers
Film producers from Tamil Nadu
1935 births
Pławanice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Kamień, east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Stigliano (Lucano: , Latin: Stilianum) is a town and comune in the province of Matera, in the Basilicata region of southern Italy.
The name is likely of Byzantine origin, stemming from "Stylianos", a Greek name with a Latin ending.
History
The town was founded by the Lucani, and later was conquered by the Greek colony of Metaponto. During the classical imperial era of the Roman Empire, the town was owned by the Hostilii family. After the fall of the Western Roman Empire, it fell under the Lombards, and was part of the medieval Principality of Salerno. In 1070, it was given to the bishops of Tricarico.
In 1274 King Charles I of Anjou gave it as a fief to Giacomo di Bosciniano. The powerful Neapolitan family of the Carafa acquired it in 1289. In 1556 the whole fief passed under the Spanish Dukes the Medina, who made it capital of the Basilicata province. In 1806, after the abolition of feudalism, Stigliano went under the direct administration of the Kingdom of Naples and later the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies and, in 1861, became part of the newly unified Kingdom of Italy.
During the Fascist era, dissidents were often sent to internal exile in Stigliano.
Main sights
Convent of St. Anthony. It has a 17th-century Baroque façade with a large bell tower with an Arabic-style dome. The interior is home to 17th-century paintings and of a precious wooden crucifix.
Mother Church, dedicated to Santa Maria Assunta. It has numerous works of art, including a 16th-century polyptych attributed to Simone da Firenze, with a statue of the Madonna with paintings of Saints, Angels and Father God. The structure has a notable wooden vault with cupolas in the two aisles. Also, peculiar are the 19th century carved wooden choir, the frescoed crypt and a statue of the Vergine Assunta donated to the church in 1522.
The castle and remains of the walls.
Twin towns
Gigean, France
Cardano al Campo, Italy
References
Sources
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Emilio Mendogni (13 May 1932 – 10 February 2008) was an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. Their best year was in 1952 when they won two Grand Prix races and finished third in the 125cc world championship behind Cecil Sandford and Carlo Ubbiali. Mendogni won three Grand Prix races during their career.
References
1932 births
2008 deaths
Sportspeople from Parma
Italian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
250cc World Championship riders
500cc World Championship riders
The 2010 America East Conference Baseball Tournament took place from May 26-28 at Varsity Field in Vestal, New York. The top four regular season finishers of the league's six teams qualified for the double-elimination tournament. In the championship game, third-seeded Stony Brook defeated fourth-seeded Albany, 4-2, to win its third tournament championship. As a result, Stony Brook received the America East's automatic bid to the 2010 NCAA Tournament.
Seeding
The top four finishers from the regular season were seeded one through four based on conference winning percentage only. They then played in a double-elimination format. In the first round, the one and four seeds were matched up in one game, while the two and three seeds were matched up in the other.
Results
All-Tournament Team
The following players were named to the All-Tournament Team.
Most Outstanding Player
Stony Brook catcher Pat Cantwell was named Most Outstanding Player.
References
America East Conference Baseball Tournament
Tournament
American East Conference Baseball Tournament
America East Conference Baseball Tournament
Baseball in New York (state)
Sports competitions in New York (state)
Tuomas Saarenheimo (born 1964) is a Finnish civil servant, who currently serves as the President of the Eurogroup Working Group.
Education and career
Saarenheimo graduated from the University of Helsinki in 1989 and continued studying afterwards, receiving their doctorate in economics in 1994. They have also worked as a researcher at the university. Saarenheimo filled several positions at the Bank of Finland. Their last post was as Chief Adviser and Head of the Monetary and Research Policy Department. Besides, they have served as the Executive Director for Nordic and Baltic countries at the International Monetary Fund and as National Expert at the European Commission.
Saarenheimo became the Permanent Under-Secretary for International and Financial Market Affairs at the Ministry of Finance in September 2013. Because of this position, they were granted membership of the Eurogroup Working Group, an advisory body that prepares the monthly meetings of the Eurogroup. They also became a member of the board of directors of the European Financial Stability Facility, the eurozone's emergency fund to address government debt.
On 1 April 2020 they became President of the Eurogroup Working Group (EWG) after their predecessor Hans Vijlbrief had resigned in order to fill a cabinet position in the Netherlands. Saarenheimo had been elected by the EWG in February, and that decision was later ratified by the Eurogroup. They simultaneously became President of the Economic and Financial Committee. Saarenheimo had been a candidate for EWG president before in 2018, but withdrew.
References
Academic personnel of the University of Helsinki
Eurogroup
European civil servants
Finnish civil servants
Finnish economists
Living people
University of Helsinki alumni
1964 births
Dinsdale Morgan (born November 19, 1972) is a Jamaican athlete who competes in the 400-m hurdles.
Their personal best time is 48.13 seconds, achieved in Rome in 1998.
Morgan met their wife, Jeanetta Lyle-Morgan, at Pittsburg State University. They have three children: Dinsdale Morgan Jr., JaMichael, and Jakaila Morgan. Dinsdale Jr. recently completed their collegiate career at the University of Kansas. JaMicheal is a professional basketball player in Kosovo.
Achievements
Dinsdale earned honor of Jamaica's Track and field Athlete and Sportsman of Year in 1999.
References
External links
Olympedia profile for Dinsdale Morgan
2020 Hall of Fame induction of Pittsburg State All-America sprinter/hurdler Dinsdale Morgan
Morgan Named to USTFCCCA Hall of Fame & NCAA DII Athlete Hall of Fame, Class of 2020
Blue Valley Southwest High School Track and Field coach in Overland Park, Kansas and St. Elizabeth Technical High School alumnus teaches and coaches
2013 Kansas City Kansas Community College Hall of Fame induction of All-America sprinter/hurdler Dinsdale Morgan
1972 births
Living people
Jamaican male hurdlers
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Jamaica
Athletes (track and field) at the 1998 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Jamaica
Competitors at the 1998 Central American and Caribbean Games
Central American and Caribbean Games gold medalists for Jamaica
Pittsburg State Gorillas athletes
World Athletics Indoor Championships medalists
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in athletics
The 1974 Alabama gubernatorial election took place on November 5, 1974. Incumbent Democratic Governor George Wallace was reelected in a landslide over their Republican opponent, business person Elvin McCary. Wallace was the first Alabama governor to win election to a second consecutive term, as the state's Constitution was amended in 1968 to allow governors to serve a maximum two elected consecutive terms. This was also Wallace's first campaign after having been paralyzed following being shot by Arthur Bremer in an assassination attempt during Wallace's run for the 1972 Democratic presidential nomination.
Democratic primary
Primary elections were held on May 7, 1974.
Candidates
Jim Folsom, former Governor
Gene McLain, former State Representative
Shorty Price, perennial candidate
Thomas Robinson
George Wallace, incumbent Governor
Results
Republican primary
Elvin McCary, business person
Results
References
Bibliography
1974
Gubernatorial
Alabama
Alabama gubernatorial election
George Wallace
Mnong may refer to:
the Mnong people
the Mnong language
The Stony Brook Seawolves women's basketball team is the college basketball program representing Stony Brook University in Stony Brook, New York. The Seawolves currently participate as part of the NCAA Division I basketball, and compete on the Colonial Athletic Association. The Seawolves currently play their home games in the Island Federal Credit Union Arena.
Stony Brook reached the NCAA tournament for the first time in 2021, a year after the team's 28–3 season ended prematurely with the cancelation of the America East Championship and NCAA Tournament due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
History
Stony Brook began play in the 1969–70 season at the Division III level. The program advanced to Division II beginning in the 1995–96 year, and fully transitioned to Division I in 1999 with Trish Roberts as head coach.
Stony Brook played as a Division I independent for its first two seasons before joining the America East in 2001. In Stony Brook's first season in the America East, the Seawolves finished in seventh place but earned two upsets in the tournament to advance to the finals. Stony Brook almost reached the NCAA Tournament in its first season in the America East but fell to Hartford 50–47.
Roberts failed to reach double-digit victories in their next two seasons and resigned on August 25, 2004 to tend to family issues. Sacramento Monarchs assistant Maura McHugh was named interim head coach on September 10 and promoted to full-time head coach on April 26, 2005 after an 8–20 season.
In McHugh's second season, Stony Brook won 20 games for the first time in program history and finished a program-best second place in the regular season. On December 2, 2005, Stony Brook played No. 19 Temple, its first ranked opponent in program history, and pulled the 58–56 upset. The Seawolves lost in the conference semifinals but qualified for the WNIT, where they lost to Hofstra in the program's first-ever postseason appearance. After another second-place finish in the conference regular season in 2006–07 at 14–2, the Seawolves were upset by UMBC in the quarterfinals and McHugh resigned three months later.
McHugh's assistant Michele Cherry was named their successor, but Cherry suffered three straight 20-loss seasons and was on course for a fourth before they resigned in the middle of the 2010–11 campaign, leading assistant Evelyn Thompson to handle head coaching duties for the remainder of the season.
On April 7, 2011, Canisius associate head coach Beth O'Boyle was named Stony Brook's fourth Division I head coach. O'Boyle posted a dismal 4–26 record in their first season but saw a 10-win improvement the next year and another 10-win improvement the year after. The 2013–14 season saw O'Boyle and the Seawolves break the program record for most single-season Division I wins with 24. Stony Brook returned to the America East Championship for the first time since 2002, but were blown out 70–46 by Albany. Stony Brook qualified for the 2014 WNIT and lost to Michigan 86–48 in Ann Arbor. The Wolverines' head coach was former Stony Brook player Kim Barnes Arico. On April 28, 2014, O'Boyle resigned to accept the head coaching position at VCU.
On June 15, 2014, Auburn assistant head coach Caroline McCombs was named as O'Boyle's successor. In McCombs' first two seasons, Stony Brook finished with 17 wins and in third place in the America East, earning bids to the WBI both times, losing to Siena in 2015 and Youngstown State in 2016. McCombs became the program's all-time winningest head coach on November 21, 2018 with their 67th win, surpassing Roberts. Stony Brook won its first game against a Power Five school by defeating Penn State 81–70 on November 25, 2018. Them first 20-win season came in 2018–19 but ended in the America East semifinals with a loss to Hartford. McCombs reached 100 career victories on January 2, 2020.
The 2019–20 season saw Stony Brook shatter program records, at one point owning a 22-game winning streak, the longest in the nation. Stony Brook defeated Pittsburgh in December for its second program Power Five victory. The Seawolves won their first America East regular season title after defeating Vermont to improve to 25–1 and 13–0 in conference. As the top seed, Stony Brook advanced to the America East Championship with a 28–3 record, set to face Maine at home, but the game was canceled a day before as the COVID-19 pandemic began to sweep through the United States. The Seawolves still earned the America East title as the highest seed remaining.
Stony Brook earned its redemption in the 2020–21 season. The Seawolves, as the second seed in the America East Tournament, earned a bye to the semifinals, routing UMass Lowell to set up a championship rematch with top-seeded Maine. On the road, Stony Brook came back from an 11-point deficit to upset Maine 64–60 and clinch its first trip to the NCAA Tournament in program history. Stony Brook lost 79–44 to Arizona in the first round. McCombs announced on April 2, 2021 that they would be leaving Stony Brook after seven years to be George Washington's new head coach.
On April 28, 2021, James Madison assistant Ashley Langford was hired to replace McCombs.
Postseason
NCAA tournament results
The Seawolves have appeared in the NCAA Division I women's basketball tournament one time. Their overall combined record is 0–1.
WNIT results
The Seawolves achieved their first Women's National Invitation Tournament (WNIT) appearance in 2006. Their overall combined WNIT record is 0–3.
WBI results
The Seawolves have appeared in the Women's Basketball Invitational (WBI) two times. Their overall combined WBI record is 0–2.
Season-by-season results
Awards
America East Coach of the Year
Caroline McCombs – 2020
America East Player of the Year
Mykeema Ford – 2007
America East Defensive Player of the Year
Dana Ferraro – 2006
Chikilra Goodman – 2014
America East Rookie of the Year
Jessica Smith – 2004
Ogechi Anyagaligbo – 2016
America East Sixth Player of the Year
McKenzie Bushee – 2021
America East All-Conference First Team
Sherry Jordan – 2002, 2003
Mykeema Ford – 2006, 2007
Jessica Smith – 2007
Chikilra Goodman – 2014
Sabre Proctor – 2014, 2015
Shania Johnson – 2018, 2019
Jerell Matthews – 2019
India Pagan – 2020
America East All-Conference Defensive Team
Dana Ferraro – 2006, 2008
Jessica Smith – 2007
Kirsten Jeter – 2011
Chikilra Goodman – 2014
Jessica Ogunnorin – 2015
Christina Scognamiglio – 2017
Cheyenne Clark – 2020
Hailey Zeise – 2021
References
External links
The St Lucia national cricket team represents the country of Saint Lucia in cricket. The team is a member of the Windward Islands Cricket Board of Control, which itself is a member association of the West Indies Cricket Board. Players from St Lucia generally represent the Windward Islands cricket team at domestic level and the West Indies at international level. St Lucia has however played as a separate entity in matches which held Twenty20 status (Stanford 20/20), but has not appeared in first-class or List A cricket. St Lucia competes with St Vincent & the Grenadines, Grenada and Dominica in domestic Windward Islands cricket competitions including the Windward Islands two-day and Twenty20 cricket championships. The team's captain, as of 2014, is Craig Emmanuel.
Notable players
International Players
Darren Sammy is St Lucia's most decorated player. They became the first St Lucian to represent the West Indies when they made their debut against New Zealand in an ODI match in 2004. Sammy made their test debut against England in June 2007. A natural leader on the pitch, Sammy became West Indies captain in 2010.
Three players from Saint Lucia have represented the West Indies at International Level, Darren Sammy, Johnson Charles and Garey Mathurin.
Apps denotes the number of appearances the player has made.
Run denotes the number of runs scored by the player.
Wkts denotes the number of wickets taken by the player.
Many other St Lucian players have represented the Windward Islands domestically in the West Indies Regional Super50, Regional Four Day Competition and the Caribbean Twenty20.
St Lucia players on the current Windward Islands team
Darren Sammy
Johnson Charles
Garey Mathurin
Craig Emmanuel
Keddy Lesporis
Dalton Polius
Tarryck Gabriel
See also
List of Windward Islands first-class cricketers
Squad
Players with international caps are listed in bold.
source:
St Lucia Squad - 2014
St Lucia Squad - 2014
St Lucia Squad - 2013
References
C
Cricket in Saint Lucia
Cricket teams in the West Indies
Jason Thomas Berken (born November 27, 1983) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. They have played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Baltimore Orioles and Chicago Cubs.
College
Berken graduated from West De Pere High School. They played college baseball for the Clemson Tigers. While at Clemson, they played for the New England Collegiate Baseball League's Keene Swamp Bats. In 186 innings with Clemson, Berken pitched to an 18–6 record, 3.04 ERA, and 156 strikeouts.
Professional career
Baltimore Orioles
Berken was drafted by the Baltimore Orioles in the sixth round (175th overall) of the 2006 MLB draft. On May 26 2009, after pitching just 25 innings for Triple-A Norfolk, they were called up to the Orioles' roster to replace injured outfielder Lou Montanez. Berken earned their first major league win that day, giving up two runs in five innings in a 7–2 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays. However, they finished the year with a 6–12 record, along with a 6.54 ERA in 119 innings pitched. This led to Berken being named the "AL Les Sweetland Award winner" by SI writer Joe Posnanski for finishing the year as the worst starting pitcher in the American League.
Chicago Cubs
On September 7 2012, Berken was claimed off waivers by the Cubs. On September 20, Berken recorded four strikeouts in an inning.
Chicago White Sox
On April 2 2013, Berken signed as a minor league free agent with the Chicago White Sox for 2013 season.
San Francisco Giants
On November 15 2013, Berken signed a minor league contract with the San Francisco Giants. On March 31 2014, they were assigned to the Triple-A Fresno Grizzlies.
Philadelphia Phillies
On February 24 2015, Berken signed a minor league deal with the Philadelphia Phillies. On March 2 2015, they were assigned to the Triple-A Lehigh Valley IronPigs. They elected free agency on 6 November.
Toronto Blue Jays
On February 17 2016, Berken signed a minor league contract with the Toronto Blue Jays. They became a free agent on 7 November 2016.
See also
List of Major League Baseball single-inning strikeout leaders
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Baltimore Orioles players
Chicago Cubs players
Baseball players from Wisconsin
Major League Baseball pitchers
Aberdeen IronBirds players
Frederick Keys players
Bowie Baysox players
Norfolk Tides players
Charlotte Knights players
Fresno Grizzlies players
Sportspeople from Green Bay, Wisconsin
Clemson Tigers baseball players
Lehigh Valley IronPigs players
Elymus canadensis, commonly known as Canada wild rye or Canadian wildrye, is a species of wild rye native to much of North America. It is most abundant in the central plains and Great Plains. It grows in a number of ecosystems, including woodlands, savannas, dunes, and prairies, sometimes in areas that have been disturbed.
Description
Canada wild rye is a perennial bunchgrass reaching heights of . It grows from a small rhizome, forms a shallow, fine root network, and is a facultative mycotroph, receiving about 25% of its nutrients on average from symbiotic mycorrhizae. Its stems are hollow and tough at maturity and bear rough, flat leaves. The leaves can reach in width and are in length.
The inflorescence is a nodding spike up to long containing 5 to 20 spikelets. Each spikelet is long, not counting the sharp, hard, curling awn which may exceed in length.
Many forms and varieties have been named, but none are accepted at Kew's Plants of the World Online.
Genetic application
The gene pool of Elymus canadensis can provide information on promoting disease resistance in Hordeum vulgare (barley). In two different Elymus canadensis × Hordeum vulgare hybrid groups, the ones with Elymus canadensis cytoplasm were missing a chromosome that was homologous to the barley chromosome 7, and the ones with the Hordeum vulgare cytoplasm were missing a chromosome homologous to barley chromosome 3. The lack of each of the chromosomes in the hybrids was not random, and were caused by differences in DNA methylation. Thus, further research can use these differences in order to figure out what exactly makes Elymus canadensis so hardy, and be able to integrate its hardiness into barley so that the crop can withstand more environmental stress.
Elymus canadensis has also been shown to contain a novel high molecular weight (HMW) glutenin subunit (GS) allele. HMW-GS has been shown in wheat and other crops to determine its overall quality. Thus, further research could elaborate on the E. canadensis allele in order to improve our knowledge of HMW-GS' structural differentiation in different species, and its evolutionary history, in an attempt to increase crop quality through these alleles.
Elymus canadensis has a familiar relationship as a host with a variety of endophytic fungi. Such a symbiotic relationship could be part of the reason why E. canadensis has been so successful as a prairie grass, and may have played a large influence in the grass's evolutionary history. In fact, research suggests that the Epichloe do not hinder seed production in the host plant, so the fungi do not obstruct E. canadensis'''s reproduction, and may in fact aid the process. Further research can expand upon this fungal symbiotic relationship, perhaps to improve the success of agricultural crops. Specifically, research can examine if the different varieties of Epichloe will provide E. canadensis with agronomic qualities such as drought tolerance and field production. If this is supported, epichloe may be able to be used to improve the sustainability of crop populations that have a similar genetic makeup to E. canadensis.
Use
Canada wild rye is sometimes used for stabilizing eroded areas and for vegetating metal-rich soils in reclaimed mines.Elymus canadensis is an allotetraploid, which mainly reproduces by self-pollination, but can cross-pollinate with several other strains of Elymus'' in order to provide more genetic variation. In addition, because of its ability to cross-pollinate, new species can emerge through nature or breeding programs, thereby contributing more plants that could potentially lead to novel crops.
The cultivar 'Homestead' produces larger amounts of forage and has higher digestibility than "another adapted experimental strain" that it was compared against. The current primary use of 'Homestead' is intended for "conservation, roadside, and grassland seeding mixtures".
References
canadensis
Flora of North America
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Ganot Hadar (, lit. Citrus Gardens) is a community settlement in central Israel. Located in the Sharon plain, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
The village was founded in 1954 and was designated for immigrants from South Africa. Its name was derived from the surrounding groves.
References
Community settlements
Populated places established in 1954
Populated places in Central District (Israel)
1950 establishments in Israel
South African-Jewish culture in Israel
Boomerang Bay may refer to:
Geography
Boomerang Bay, Bigge Island off the coast of the Kimberley region in Western Australia.
Water parks
The brand 'Boomerang Bay' applied to Cedar Fair properties:
Boomerang Bay, former name of South Bay Shores water park at California's Great America amusement park
Boomerang Bay, former name of Carolina Harbor water park at Carowinds amusement park
Boomerang Bay, former name of Soak City (Kings Island) water park in Mason, Ohio
Juan Carlos Mundin-Schaffter, known as Carlos Thompson, (7 June 1923 – 10 October 1990) was an Argentine actor.
Career
Of German and Swiss descent, they played leading roles on stage and in films in Argentina. They went to Hollywood in the 1950s and was typically cast as a European womanizer. Their Hollywood films include Flame and the Flesh (1954) with Lana Turner and Pier Angeli, Valley of the Kings (1954), with Robert Taylor and Eleanor Parker, Magic Fire (1955) in which they played Franz Liszt, opposite Yvonne De Carlo, Rita Gam, and Valentina Cortese.
They moved to Europe and appeared in a large number of German films. They were chiefly known to English speakers for their appearance as Carlos Varela in the 1963 ITC Entertainment series The Sentimental Agent. In the late 1960s, Thompson left acting to become a writer and TV producer.
Their first success on the European book market was The Assassination of Winston Churchill (1969), a refutation of allegations by David Irving (Accident. The Death of General Sikorski, 1967)
and the German playwright Rolf Hochhuth (Soldiers, premiered in the UK in 1968, London) that war time premier Winston Churchill had a part in the death of Polish General Władysław Sikorski, who perished in an air plane crash at Gibraltar on July 4, 1943, allegedly due to sabotage.
Personal life
Thompson married German-born actor Lilli Palmer shortly after their divorce from Rex Harrison in 1957. They remained married until their death in 1986.
Before their marriage to Palmer, Thompson had a relationship with Mexican actor María Félix. They met in Argentina in 1952 during the filming of Luis César Amadori's La pasión desnuda. The relationship was reportedly serious to the point that they became engaged to be married, and Félix even called for their son Enrique Álvarez Félix to meet their potential stepfather. However, during filming, Félix received a call from director Emilio Fernández to offer them the leading role in The Rapture, which Félix accepted, telling Thompson that after filming of La pasión desnuda ended they would return to Mexico to promote the film and announce their future marriage. However, once in Mexico, Felix canceled the wedding days before it would take place, stating that they concluded that the only thing that united them to Thompson was a mere physical attraction and not true love, before marrying The Rapture'''s leading man Jorge Negrete.
Death
Four years after their wife's death, Thompson committed suicide in Buenos Aires by a gunshot to their head.
Partial filmography
...Y mañana serán hombres (1939)
Fragata Sarmiento (1941)
Viaje sin regreso (1946)
Los verdes paraísos (1947)
Los pulpos (1948)
La trampa (1949)
El crimen de Oribe (1950) - Oribe
Abuso de confianza (1950)
Una viuda casi alegre (1950)
The Unwanted (1951)
Sala de guardia (1952)
La de los ojos color del tiempo (1952)
El túnel (1952) - Juan Pablo Castel
La mujer de las camelias (1953) - Armand Duval
La pasión desnuda (1953) - Pablo Valdes
Fort Algiers (1953) - Jeff
Flame and the Flesh (1954) - Nino
Valley of the Kings (1954) - Philip Mercedes
Magic Fire (1956) - Franz Liszt
Thunderstorm (1956) - Diego Martinez
Between Time and Eternity (1956) - Manuel
Auf Wiedersehen, Franziska! (1957) - Stefan Roloff
Das Wirtshaus im Spessart (1958) - Räuberhauptmann
I Was All Their (1958) - Nikolei Stein
El último rebelde (1958) - Joaquin Murrieta
Raw Wind in Eden (1958) - Wally Drucker
Stefanie (1958) - Architekt Pablo Guala
Die Halbzarte (1959) - Mr. Dott
(1959) - Pedro Bastiano, Hauptmann
Adorable Arabella (1959) - Robert Beaumaris
Mistress of the World (1960) - Peter Lundström
Der Held meiner Träume (1960) - Robert Moutier
Stefanie in Rio (1960) - Pablo Guala
Das große Wunschkonzert (1960) - René von Geldern
The Last of Mrs. Cheyney (1961) - Artur Dilling
(1962) - Christinow Tomkin
(1962) - Bernard Somerset
The Gypsy Baron (1962) - Sandor von Barinkay
Ferien wie noch nie (1963)
The Sentimental Agent (1963, TV Series UK.) - Carlos Varela
La Vie de château (1966) - Klopstock (final film role)
References
External links
Carlos Thompson in Cine nacional
Argentine male film actors
Argentine people of Swiss-German descent
Argentine people of Swiss descent
Argentine people of German descent
Suicides by firearm in Argentina
Male actors from Buenos Aires
1923 births
1990 deaths
20th-century Argentine male actors
Burials at La Chacarita Cemetery
1990 suicides
Conesville Power Plant was a 2-gigwatt (2,005 MW), coal power plant located east of Conesville, Ohio in Coshocton County, Ohio. Its units were co-owned at the time of its closing by American Electric Power (AEP) and AES Ohio Generation. All plant operations were handled by AEP. Conesville began operations in 1957 and ceased generation in April 2020.
History
Construction of Unit 1 began in 1955 and was commissioned by Columbus & Southern Ohio Electric (a forerunner of AEP). Unit 1 began commercial generation in 1957 while Unit 2 began operations two years later in 1959. Both units cost $36 million to construct and generated 125 MW each. Unit 3 began operations in 1962 with a generation capacity of 165 MW. Unit 4 began operations in 1973 with a generation capacity of 780 MW. At the time of its conception, the unit would be jointly owned by Cincinnati Gas and Electric (CG&E) (a forerunner of Duke Energy), Columbus & Southern Ohio Electric, and DP&L. Units 5 and 6 began operations in 1976 and 1978 respectively. Over the years, Units 5 and 6 have increased electrical generation from 375 MW to 405 MW. In 2014, Duke Energy sold its stake in Conesville to Dynegy. Three years later in 2017, Dynegy sold its stake in Conesville in a swap with AEP for a stake of William H. Zimmer Power Station. At the time of its closure in 2020, DP&L held a minority ownership of Unit 4 with AEP.
Environmental mitigation
With the installation of Unit 4, electrostatic precipitators (ESPs) were installed to prevent fly ash from going into the atmosphere. ESPs were later installed to Units 1–3 in the mid-1970s. Unit 4 also had cooling towers constructed which resulted in zero discharge into the Muskingum River. In 2009, Unit 4 would receive the installation of flue-gas desulfurization (FGD) equipment along with a selective catalytic reduction (SCR) system to meet the requirements of the Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) Clean Air Interstate Rule (CAIR) and Clean Air Mercury Rule (CAMR). The $450 million project for Unit 4, saw the construction of an smokestack for the FGD equipment. After it was installed, inspectors found corrosion. AEP settled with Black & Veatch, the contractor who installed the FGD equipment, to address the corrosion. When Units 5 and 6 went into operation, $52 million in scrubber technology were installed to reduce sulfur dioxide () emissions, but it operated inefficiently. The scrubber was eventually upgraded in 2008. In the summer of 2001, Unit 6 was the test site for Thermal Energy International's THERMALONOx. The THERMALONOx was intended to show that nitrogen oxide () emissions would be reduced by 70%. Unfortunately, the demonstration was halted in September 2001 after the "system did not appreciably reduce nitrogen oxide () emission levels."
Operations
When the first unit went into operation, it was projected that Conesville would use between 300,000 to 400,000 short tons of coal each year. According to the Energy Information Administration (EIA), the plant received 1,716,286 short tons of coal in 2017. All of the coal was shipped from mines within Ohio. Conesville used to employ 600 workers. In 2018, only 165 were employed at the plant.
Retirement
Units 1 and 2 were retired in 2005 after Unit 1's tubing to its boiler failed. Inspections on Unit 2 revealed severe corrosion in a pattern that was similar to Unit 1. The reported cost of $35 million to repair both units was not worth the benefit of returning to service. Unit 3 was retired in December 2012 in order to comply with the Environmental Protect Agency (EPA) rules regarding mercury, lead, and other toxic emissions. AEP announced in October 2018 they will shut down Conesville by May 2020. Units 5 and 6 retired on May 31, 2019 while Unit 4 remained in operation until April 2020. The decision to close the plant was due to operational costs, not clearing PJM Interconnection's capacity auction, and AEP unable to find a buyer.The facility was imploded on December 19, 2021.
Incidents
In February 1982, two protestors from Greenpeace climbed up one of Conesville Power Plant's smokestacks to protest against acid rain. The protestors spent three days on top of the smokestack. They were charged with criminal trespass. The judge fined both protestors $250 and were sentenced to three days in jail.
In July 2004, a tank exploded burning two workers. They would later die from their injuries. AEP determined the cause was due to a sudden release of molten slag that overpressured the tank.
See also
List of power stations in Ohio
References
External links
Energy infrastructure completed in 1957
Energy infrastructure completed in 1959
Energy infrastructure completed in 1962
Energy infrastructure completed in 1973
Energy infrastructure completed in 1976
Energy infrastructure completed in 1978
Buildings and structures in Coshocton County, Ohio
Former coal-fired power stations in Ohio
1957 establishments in Ohio
2020 disestablishments in Ohio
American Electric Power
Victor R. McCrary, Jr. (born May 16, 1955) is an American physical chemist who is vice president for research at the University of the District of Columbia.  They are a fellow of the American Chemical Society and former president of the National Organization for the Professional Advancement of Black Chemists and Chemical Engineers.
Early life and education
McCrary was born and raised in Washington, D.C. They earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in chemistry from the Catholic University of America, a PhD in chemistry from Howard University, and a Master of Science in engineering and technology management from the University of Pennsylvania.
Career
After earning their doctorate, McCrary joined Bell Labs as a member of the technical team. In 1995 they joined the National Institute of Standards and Technology, where they led convergent systems.
McCrary joined Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory in 2003. In 2007, they were made President at the National Organization for the Professional Advancement of Black Chemists and Chemical Engineers (NOBCChE). McCary worked as vice chancellor at the University of Tennessee and vice president of Morgan State University.
In October 2016 McCary was appointed to the National Science Board. They were made vice chair in July 2020.
Personal life
McCrary is Catholic, a long-time member of the Knights of Columbus, and parishioner at Saint John the Evangelist in Columbia, Maryland.
Awards and honors
2002 Percy L. Julian Award
2007 DVD Association DVD Hall of Fame
2011 Black Engineer of the Year Awards Scientist of the Year
Select publications
References
Living people
1955 births
Howard University alumni
American physical chemists
Johns Hopkins University faculty
Fellows of the American Chemical Society
National Institute of Standards and Technology people
University of Tennessee faculty
Morgan State University faculty
Scientists at Bell Labs
African-American Catholics
Beşkavak is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
Carlos Moreno Gómez (born 14 February 1992) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Las Rozas CF mainly as a right back.
Club career
Born in Villarrobledo, Albacete, Castilla-La Mancha, Moreno was a youth product at Albacete Balompié, making their senior debuts with the reserves in the 2010–11 campaign, in Tercera División. In October 2012 they were promoted to the main squad in Segunda División B.
On 10 September 2014, Moreno played their first match as a professional, starting in a 1–0 home win over Real Zaragoza for the season's Copa del Rey. Their Segunda División debut came on 11 October by playing the full 90 minutes in a 0–1 home loss against Girona FC.
On 11 July 2015 Moreno signed a two-year deal with fellow league team CD Mirandés.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from the Province of Albacete
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Castilla–La Mancha
Association football defenders
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Atlético Albacete players
Albacete Balompié players
CD Mirandés footballers
UCAM Murcia CF players
Mérida AD players
Las Rozas CF players
"The Violence" is a song by American rock band Rise Against. The song was released on April 20, 2017 as the lead single from their eighth studio album, Wolves. Inspired by the 2016 United States presidential election cycle, "The Violence" contains lyrics described by vocalist Tim McIlrath as being about "whether violence is an inevitability of the human condition, or whether it's a choice we make, and therefore, can reject." The song has charted on both Billboard's Alternative Songs chart and Mainstream Rock Songs chart.
Lyrical themes
"The Violence" contains lyrics inspired by the 2016 United States presidential election cycle. In an interview with Kerrang!, vocalist Tim McIlrath stated that "As we were watching the news and seeing all the different things [unfold] around the planet, I realized that violence has such a role in a lot of what we see when the world is falling apart. The violence is a reflection of whether our [aggression] is in our nature, our DNA, or whether we have a choice to be part of it. And it is a choice that we make - a conscious one - to use violence as a means to an end. Aren't we better than this? Aren't we the apex of the animal kingdom? Aren't we the only ones on the planet that have the capacity for compassion? Aren't we good enough or brave enough to not sink to violence?"
Music video controversy
On May 1, 2017, "The Violence" became enshrouded in controversy when it was revealed that the band was prohibited from shooting a music video due to being "anti-government". The plan originally called for Rise Against to perform the song in a field containing busts of all 43 United States presidents located on a privately owned farm in Croaker, Virginia, formerly the site of the deteriorating Presidents Park. The permit granting Rise Against the right to film on the property was rescinded by the farm's board of directors during filming as the "message" it sent was deemed too "anti-American".
Later that day, Rise Against posted a message on their Facebook page reading:
In its place, a lyric video was released on May 7, 2017 instead.
Reception
"The Violence" received mostly positive reviews from critics. Rolling Stone stated that the song was "packed with jagged guitar riffs and rumbling drums that combine with Tim McIlrath punchy vocals to create a furious tension that finally bursts with a soaring chorus." Loudwire noted that "People around the world are wondering about the state of punk rock in the Trump era. Will it gain massive amounts of support and traction like it did in the Bush years? We'll see how it all unfolds with Rise Against being one of the first prominent punk acts to release new material in 2017. Rise Against sound just like themselves with “The Violence,” as frontman Tim McIlrath ramps up their distinctive vocal style over buzzing guitars and marching drum beats."
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
American punk rock songs
2017 songs
Virgin Records singles
Before I Forget is a 1982 album by Jon Lord, featuring a largely conventional eight-song line-up, no orchestra. The bulk of the songs are either mainstream rock tracks ("Hollywood Rock and Roll", "Chance on a Feeling") or, specifically on Side Two, a series of very English classical piano ballads sung by mother and daughter duo, Vicki Brown and Sam Brown (wife and daughter of entertainer Joe Brown) and vocalist Elmer Gantry. The album also features prolific session drummer (and National Youth Jazz Orchestra alumnus) Simon Phillips, Cozy Powell, Neil Murray, Simon Kirke, Boz Burrell and Mick Ralphs. Lord used synthesizers more than before, principally to retain an intimacy with the material and to create a jam atmosphere with old friends like Tony Ashton.
Track listing
All songs written by Jon Lord, except for "Say It's Alright" written by Jon Lord and Elmer Gantry.
Side One
"Chance on a Feeling" – 4:06
"Tender Babes" (O Ye Tender Babes) (Thomas Tallis, arr. by Jon Lord) – 4:04
"Hollywood Rock And Roll – 4:06
"Bach Onto This" (Toccata and Fugue in D minor, BWV 565) (Johann Sebastian Bach, Jon Lord arr. by Jon Lord)– 7:59
Side Two
"Before I Forget" – 5:04
"Say Its Alright" – 4:47
"Burntwood" – 4:00
"Where Are You?" – 5:00
CD reissue bonus tracks (1999)
"Going Home"
"Pavane" (Maurice Ravel, arr. by Jon Lord)
"Lady"
"For A Friend"
Personnel
Jon Lord - piano, organ, keyboards, mini Moog
Vicky Brown - lead (6, 11) and backing (1, 3, 5, 6) vocals
Tony Ashton - lead vocals (3)
Elmer Gantry - lead vocals (8)
Sam Brown - backing vocals (1, 3, 5, 6)
Bernie Marsden - guitar (1, 4), lead vocals (1)
Mick Ralphs - guitar (3, 6)
Neil Murray - bass (1, 2, 4-7)
Boz Burrell - bass (3)
Ian Paice - drums (1, 5)
Simon Phillips - drums (4, 6)
Cozy Powell - drums (2)
Simon Kirke - drums (3)
Production notes
Produced by Jon Lord
Assisted by Guy Bidmead
Engineered by Guy Bidmead
Assistant engineer: Mike Johnson
Mixed by Guy Bidmead and Mike Johnson
Recorded at Britannia Row Studios, Sep 1981 and Feb-March 1982
Singles
"Bach Onto This (edit)" / "Going Home" (UK, March 1982)
References
1982 albums
Jon Lord albums
Harvest Records albums
Purple Records albums
Deplorable Pride is a conservative LGBT organization in Albemarle, North Carolina, in the Charlotte metropolitan area that supports
Donald Trump and their administration. It has been described as "alt-right." Deplorable Pride was created on June 6, 2017, as a group of LGBT Trump supporters who wanted a float in the Charlotte Pride Parade, which it was denied. Charlotte Pride said they denied the group's participation because of Deplorable Pride's anti-LGBT and other views which did not comport with its mission. GLAAD also criticized Deplorable Pride's views, calling it a "fringe alt-right" group and highlighting several hostile statements from the organization, including comments by Deplorable Pride leader Brian Talbert that they would kill “every single” Muslim and several other statements using slurs and profanities to refer to LGBT people and Muslims. On July 26, 2017, Deplorable Pride came out in support of President Trump's tweets announcing they would be banning transgender individuals from military service in the United States Army. On May 12, 2018, Talbert was arrested and charged with assault on a female during an altercation with counter-protesters.
See also
Alt-lite
DeploraBall
Gays for Trump
LGBT conservatism in the United States
References
External links
2017 establishments in the United States
Alt-right
LGBT conservatism in the United States
LGBT political advocacy groups in North Carolina
Political organizations established in 2017
Presidency of Donald Trump
Östersund Arena, currently known as Jämtkraft Arena for sponsorship reasons, is a football stadium in Östersund, Sweden. Its current capacity is 8,466 and it was opened on 13 July 2007.
The official tenants are Östersunds FK and Östersunds DFF, but many other football clubs in the area regularly play there.
One of its most famous visitors was Arsenal Football Club. On February 15, 2018, they defeated Östersunds FK by 3-0 in the first-leg of the Europa League's Round of 32. It was the English club's first trip to Sweden since beating AIK Fotboll in the 1999–2000 UEFA Champions League.
References
External links
Football venues in Sweden
Sport in Östersund
2007 establishments in Sweden
Sports venues completed in 2007
Buildings and structures in Jämtland County
Östersunds FK
CONIFA World Football Cup stadiums
Paul Currie may refer to:
Paul Currie (director) (born 1968), Australian film director
Paul Currie (footballer) (born 1985), Scottish footballer
See also
Paul Curry (1917–1986), business person and amateur magician
Paul Curry (golfer) (born 1961), English golfer
The Damning Well was a rock supergroup comprising Wes Borland of Limp Bizkit on guitar, Danny Lohner formerly of Nine-Inch Nails on bass, Richard Patrick of Filter on vocals, and Josh Freese of A Perfect Circle, on drums. While rumors spread that an entire album had been recorded, Patrick has said on numerous occasions that this is false. Only two songs were recorded: "Awakening", which was released on Underworld movie soundtrack in 2003, and "Power", an unreleased track featuring Amy Lee of Evanescence on guest vocals.
History
The project originated with the creation of the Underworld movie soundtrack in 2003. Danny Lohner, rock musician and producer previously involved with A Perfect Circle and Nine-Inch Nails, was tasked with creating a soundtrack for Underworld film. Lohner recruited a large number of artists they had worked with in the past, and had them collaborate with one another, which created a number of atypical arrangements of artists on various tracks, such as Maynard James Keenan and David Bowie singing together on the track "Bring Me the Disco King". Among these variations, a group formed that was dubbed "The Damning Well", which consisted of Lohner on bass, Wes Borland of Limp Bizkit on guitar, Richard Patrick of Filter on vocals, and Josh Freese of A Perfect Circle.
The group only formally released one track, titled "Awakening," on the Underworld soundtrack. After the completion of the soundtrack, rumors arose that an entire album's worth of material was apparently recorded with producer Terry Date, and that Amy Lee of Evanescence also contributed vocals to the track "Power", but their record label would not allow those to be released".
In 2008, Patrick cleared up misconceptions about the band, stating:
"Most of [The Damning Well material] turned into Black Light Burns. There was a song called “Power” I wrote with Amy Lee, I wrote all the lyrics and everything and then Amy Lee came in and sang on it. Them manager was such a, just so hard to deal with which is like that with a lot of the things they get involved with you know, they were just so hardcore that we were like forget it. There were only two songs recorded under the Damning Well, it wasn't a whole record. But I have the Amy Lee song I did with her, they just came in and sang my lyrics and sang with me, it was cool sounding though, I was really proud of it. It's now on the Black Light Burns record. So yeah, we did one song for the Underworld soundtrack and it just kind of petered out after that. I wrote another song for something else and that was really about it."
In 2010, Patrick said that while they hadn't talked to the members in years, he'd still consider doing an album with The Damning Well. However, by 2013, they stated "that project is done for sure".
Legacy
Borland, Freese, and Lohner started another band, Black Light Burns, in 2005, upon Borland temporarily leaving Limp Bizkit. It is often considered to be a spiritual successor to The Damning Well and contains bits and pieces of their work. The track "Power" was reworked into the track "Coward", and used in Black Light Burns as the fourth track of their debut album, Cruel Melody, without vocals from Patrick or Lee. Patrick claims to have a version with their and Lee's original vocals, but has not ever released said material. Additionally, some work is thought to have been carried on into Filter's 2008 release Anthems for the Damned, especially the song "In Dreams", which was written and composed by Patrick and Borland, and features drums by Freese. Borland said that Patrick co-wrote the chorus to the Black Light Burns song "Lie", possibly hinting that at least the chorus was Damning Well material at one point.
Songs
Band members
Richard Patrick - vocals
Wes Borland - guitar
Danny Lohner - bass
Josh Freese - drums
References
Alternative metal supergroups
American industrial metal musical groups
American alternative metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 2003
Pandora is a genus of small saltwater clams, marine bivalves in the family Pandoridae.
Species
Pandora albida (Röding, 1798)
Pandora arenosa Conrad, 1834
Pandora aversa (Hedley, 1913)
Pandora bilirata Conrad, 1855
Pandora braziliensis G. B. Sowerby II, 1874
Pandora brevifrons G. B. Sowerby I, 1835
Pandora brevirostris Güller & Zelaya, 2016
Pandora bushiana Dall, 1886
Pandora carinata (Prashad, 1932)
Pandora cumingii Hanley, 1861
Pandora dissimilis G. B. Sowerby III, 1894
Pandora filosa (Carpenter, 1864)
Pandora flexuosa G. B. Sowerby I, 1822
Pandora glacialis Leach, 1819
Pandora gorii Rolán & Hernández, 2007
Pandora gouldiana Dall, 1886
Pandora granulata (Dall, 1915)
Pandora inaequivalvis (Linnaeus, 1758)
Pandora inflata Boss and Merrill, 1965
Pandora inornata A. E. Verrill and Bush, 1898
Pandora oblonga G. B. Sowerby I, 1830
Pandora otukai Habe, 1952
Pandora patula (Tate, 1889)
Pandora perangusta Preston, 1910
Pandora pinna (Montagu, 1803)
Pandora pulchella Yokoyama, 1926
Pandora rachaelae Valentich-Scott & Skoglund, 2010
Pandora radiata Sowerby, 1835
Pandora sarahae Valentich-Scott & Skoglund, 2010
Pandora sicula Lamy, 1934
Pandora similis G. B. Sowerby III, 1897
Pandora sinica F.-S. Xu, 1992
Pandora trilineata Say, 1822
Pandora uncifera Pilsbry & H. N. Lowe, 1932
Pandora wardiana A. Adams, 1859
Synonyms
Pandora cornuta C. B. Adams, 1852: synonym of Clidiophora cornuta (C. B. Adams, 1852) (original combination)
Pandora forresterensis Willett, 1918: synonym of Pandora wardiana A. Adams, 1860
Pandora grandis Dall, 1877: synonym of Pandora wardiana A. Adams, 1860
Pandora punctata Conrad, 1837: synonym of Heteroclidus punctatus (Conrad, 1837) (original combination)
References
External links
Bruguière J.G. (1789-1792). Encyclopédie méthodique ou par ordre de matières. Histoire naturelle des vers, volume 1. Paris: Pancoucke. Pp. i-xviii, 1-344
Röding, P.F. (1798). Museum Boltenianum sive Catalogus cimeliorum e tribus regnis naturæ quæ olim collegerat Joa. Fried Bolten, M. D. p. d. per XL. annos proto physicus Hamburgensis. Pars secunda continens Conchylia sive Testacea univalvia, bivalvia & multivalvia. Trapp, Hamburg. viii, 199 pp.
Brown, T. (1827). Illustrations of the conchology of Great Britain and Ireland. Drawn from nature. W.H. Lizars and D. Lizars, Edinburgh and S. Highley, London. 144 pp., 52 pls
Fischer, P. (1880-1887). Manuel de conchyliologie et de paléontologie conchyliologique, ou histoire naturelle des mollusques vivants et fossiles suivi d'un Appendice sur les Brachiopodes par D. P. Oehlert. Avec 23 planches contenant 600 figures dessinées par S. P. Woodward.. Paris: F. Savy. Published in 11 parts (fascicules), xxiv + 1369 pp., 23 pls.
[s://www.biodiversitylibrary.org/item/98240 Dall, W. H. (1890-1903). Contributions to the Tertiary fauna of Florida with especial reference to the Miocene silex-beds of Tampa and the Pliocene beds of the Caloosahatchie River. Transactions of the Wagner Free Institute of Science. 3(1)]
Dall, W. H. (1915). A review of some bivalve shells of the group Anatinacea from the west coast of America. Proceedings of the United States National Museum. 49 (2116): 441–456
Bivalve genera
Ghosh (or Ghose) is an Indian and Bangladeshi surname found among Bengali Hindus.
Ghoshes mostly belong to Kayastha caste in Bengal. The Bengali Kayasthas evolved as a caste from a category of officials or scribes, between the 5th/6th century AD and 11th/12th century AD, its component elements being putative Kshatriyas and mostly Brahmins. Ghoshes are considered as Kulin Kayasthas of Soukalin gotra, along with Boses and Mitras.
Ghosh is also used as surname by the Sadgop and Goala(milkman) caste in Bengal.
It is also an English surname, pronounced (; .
Notable people
Notable people with the surname Ghosh include:
Girish Chandra Ghosh (born 1844) Bengali actor, director, and writer.
Sri Aurobindo (born as Aurobindo Ghose in 1872), Indian philosopher.
Barindra Kumar Ghosh (1880–1959), Indian revolutionary and journalist
Amitav Ghosh (born 1956), Indian writer
Amitav Ghosh (banker), Indian banker
Anindita Ghosh, British historian
Anirvan Ghosh (born 1964), American neuroscientist
Aparna Ghosh, Bangladeshi actor and model
DJ Talent, birth name Anthony Ghosh (born 1978), British reality television contestant
Atulkrishna Ghosh (1890–1966), Indian revolutionary
Atulya Ghosh (1904–1986), Indian politician
Debaprasad Ghosh (1894–1985), Indian politician
Debendra Nath Ghosh (1890–1999), Bangladeshi politician
Dhiman Ghosh (born 1987), Bangladeshi cricketer
Dilip Ghosh, Indian politician
Dilip Ghosh (economist), American economist
Dipu Ghosh, Indian badminton player
Ganesh Ghosh (1900–1994), Bengali Indian independence activist, revolutionary and politician
Helen Ghosh (born 1956), British civil servant
Jayanta Kumar Ghosh (born 1937), Indian statistician
Jayati Ghosh (born 1955), Indian economist
Joseph Ghosh (1869–1942), Indian educationist
Malay Ghosh (born 1944), Indian statistician
Opashona Ghosh, Indian illustrator and graphic designer
Paramahansa Yogananda, born Mukunda Lal Ghosh (1893–1952), Indian yogi and guru
Pallab Ghosh (born 1962), Indian journalist
Prafulla Chandra Ghosh (1891–1983), first Chief Minister of West Bengal, India
Reshmi Ghosh, Indian beauty queen and actor
Rabi Ghosh (1931–1997), Indian actor
Ranjan Ghosh (academic), Indian academic and teacher
Rishab Aiyer Ghosh (born 1975), Dutch journalist, computer scientist and open-source software advocate
Rituparno Ghosh (1963–2013), Indian film director
Robin Ghosh (1929–2016), Bangladeshi musician and music composer
Sangita Ghosh (born 1976), Indian actor
Sarat Kumar Ghosh (1878–1962), Indian civil servant and jurist
Shankha Ghosh (1932–2021), Indian poet
Shankar Ghosh (1935–2016), Indian tabla player
Sisir Kumar Ghosh (1840–1911), Indian journalist
Sujoy Ghosh, Indian film director, actor and screenwriter
Shreela Ghosh (born 1962), Indian arts executive and actor
Shibdas Ghosh (1923–1976), Indian politician
Shiulie Ghosh (born 1968), British journalist
Subodh Ghosh (1909–1980), Indian author and journalist
Subroto Ghosh, Indian cricketer
Taposh Ghosh (born 1991), Bangladeshi cricketer
See also
R v Ghosh, an English criminal law case
References
Surnames
Bengali Hindu surnames
Indian surnames
Kayastha
Surnames of British Isles origin
The Sagebrush Sea, also called the sagebrush steppe, is an ecosystem of the Great Basin that is primarily centered on the 27 species of sagebrush that grow from sea level to about 12,000 feet. This ecosystem is home to hundreds of species of both fauna and flora. It includes small mammals such as pygmy rabbits, reptiles such as the sagebrush lizard, birds such as the golden eagles, and countless other species that are solely found in this ecosystem. This ecosystem at one point occupied over 62 million hectares in the western United States and southwestern Canada. It currently only occupies about 56 percent of historic range and is continuing to decline due to several factors.
Location
Sagebrush steppe ecosystems occur in Nevada and parts of Utah, Oregon, Idaho, and California. Its western edge is defined by the Sierra Nevada and the Cascade Range, and its eastern edge is the Wasatch Mountains. The northern boundary is the Snake river, and its southern boundary is defined by the Mojave dessert in California.
Threats
Some sagebrush ecosystems rely on recurrent fire. Due to the disruption of the fire cycle, several species have encroached on sagebrush. These species that threaten the sagebrush are:
Conifer woodlands
Conifer woodlands consist of two main species: Juniperus or Junipers and Pinus or Pinyon. These conifers are able to establish and increase in density to the point where sagebrush are outcompeted because they cannot get adequate sunlight and nutrients from the soil. This decline in sagebrush has fragmented sagebrush habitats and caused a disruption in the fauna (e.g., sage grouse). Predation may increase in fragment habitats due to lack of cover for the prey.
Exotic annual grasses
Several exotic grasses have come into this sagebrush ecosystem and have been labeled noxious weeds which is determined by the agricultural authority. The two main annual grasses that are causes much of the problems are: Bromus tectorum or cheatgrass and Agropyron cristatum or chested wheatgrass. Both species enter areas that have been recently disturbed and rapidly expand into their surroundings through massive growth and seed production. These grasses are so effective because they produce above ground biomass sooner and thicker than competitors and block them out. These exotic grasses alter the natural fire regime and cause an increase in fire frequencies because while these grasses outcompete early on they also dry out in the summer and provide fuel for fire that ultimately cause fires to spread faster and with greater frequency.
Fire
Fires are both a natural and human-made influence in these systems that help: reduce hazards, control species both desirable and undesirable, improve access and visibility, disease control, and lastly fires in these habitats have been used to create varying stages of succession in an area. Thus fires may increase biodiversity. For example, fires may reduce competition and provide opportunities for herbaceous flora. For the first three decades after a burn there is a drastic increase in the production of grasses, followed by a reestablishment of sagebrush. By having areas in varying stages of succession, the effects of major events like wildfires and diseases are likely to be less severe than if landscape patterns were more uniform.
Restoration efforts
Traditional conservation efforts usually focus on single species, which are extremely expensive and have finite results. Comprehensive conservation plans focus on entire ecosystems and benefit numerous species in a more effective way. Currently the Great Basin has seen more traditional conservation plans and would greatly benefit from a more comprehensive plan to help preserve the more than 350 species of sagebrush associated fauna and flora.
Conifer woodlands
Conifer woodlands are controlled primarily through the uses of chainsaws, heavy equipment and prescribed fires. This ensures that woodlands are reduced and sagebrush are restored by decreasing the woody fuel load and allowing adequate perennial fauna composition for restoration and recovery.
Exotic annual grasses
Exotic annual grasses are controlled through number of ways: physical removal, chemical means, introduction of cattle for grazing, and prescribed fires. All of which are extremely expensive and labor-intensive due to the rapid nature of its spread. All of these control methods can also be potentially harmful to sagebrush if not properly implemented.
References
Ecosystems
Nature conservation in the United States
Megalomyrmex silvestrii is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae. Megalomyrmex silvestrii is widespread in the mainland Neotropics from Mexico to northern Argentina. This species occurs in moist to wet forest habitats, from sea level to 1100 m elevation. It nests in small chambers in rotten wood or opportunistically in other small cavities in the soil. Colonies have been found in small attine nests and alone, suggesting it is a facultative predator of small Attini.
Kempf and Brown (1968) suggested that the species is "not so much a parasite as it is a mass-foraging predator that specializes in raiding, and sometimes occupying, the nests of small Attini." Workers are moderately abundant in Winkler samples of forest floor litter, and workers may visit baits on the forest floor.
References
Kempf, W.W. & Brown, W.L.Jr. (1968) Report on some Neotropical ant studies. Papéis Avulsos de Zoologia (São Paulo), 22, 89–102.
External links
Myrmicinae
Insects described in 1909
Elections to the Chamber of Commerce, Industry and Agriculture were held in the New Hebrides in 1963. Thy were the first elections in the territory's history.
Background
An Advisory Council was set up in 1958, with all members appointed. A 20-member Chamber of Commerce, Industry and Agriculture was subsequently created in 1963, with 12 members appointed by the British and French Resident Commissioners (eight from the indigenous population and four Europeans) and eight elected European members, four from the agriculture sector and four from the commerce and industry sector. The right to vote was limited to people with a trading licence, and only around 230 people – mostly Europeans – were eligible to vote.
Results
Aftermath
The Chamber met for the first time in Port Vila on 14 June, with both Resident Commissioners making speeches.
In 1964 the Advisory Council was reconstituted to include four members elected by the Chamber of Commerce, Industry and Agriculture (two British and two French) and four elected by the four district councils. Guichard, Leca (French), Seagoe and Solway (British) were elected by the Chamber, whilst John Kalsakau (Central 1), Joseph d'Uripiv (Central 2), Michael Ala (Northern) and Jean-Marie Léyé (Southern) were elected by the district councils.
References
New Hebrides
1963 in the New Hebrides
Elections in Vanuatu
The Consular Agency of the United States in Bremen, also referred to as Consular Agency Bremen, was one of the American diplomatic missions to Germany until 2018. The unit offers limited services for U.S. citizens in areas including Bremen, Hamburg, Schleswig-Holstein, and Lower Saxony. Despite that, services such as the issuing of visas or emergency passports are not provided, but can be obtained only from the U.S. Embassy in Berlin, the Consulate General in Frankfurt or Munich. It was the end of a diplomatic presence that the United States has in the city since 1794.
History
Consular relations between Bremen and the United States can be traced back far before the agency's establishment. In 1794, a Consulate, later Consulate General, was established in Bremen under the order of U.S. President George Washington, and the original charter bore their signature. Arnold Delius was appointed consul. It was one of the earliest-opened American missions on the European continent.
Henry Boernstein was appointed consul in Bremen in 1861, the same year as the start of the American Civil War. Boernstein reported receiving a friendly reception from the Bremen government, but stated:The rich merchant class of Bremen was, however, less favorable to our Union, and I found among them a strong inclination toward the South and its efforts at succession. This was an entirely natural result of the fact that Bremen did almost all of its business with the southern states.
In 1862, U.S. Senator Charles Sumner reported on the duties of the consul in Bremen, stating:A large number of American vessels are constantly arriving in Bremen, requiring the immediate attention not only of the consul themselves but one or two clerks, and since the establishment of a line of steamers between New York and Bremen the consular duties have been largely increased by the number of American travellers arriving and departing.
In 1862, U.S. Representative Henry Winter Davis reported that Isaac R. Diller, who had served as consul from 1857 to 1861, had incurred expenses "for fuel, lights, clerk-hire, travel, and for the relief of destitute American citizens and seamen".
Post-World War II
The six main consular offices in Germany—Berlin (consulate general), Bremen (consulate), Frankfurt (consulate), Hamburg (consulate general), Munich (consulate general), and Stuttgart (consulate)—reopened in the spring of 1946. New consulate buildings were built in the cities that had them after the war using a "common architectural language" with modernist designs. The Bremen consulate, planned by Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, was the first of these to be completed and was opened by 1955.
Martin J. Hillenbrand, who served as consul from 1946–50, described how the Joint Chiefs of Staff Directive 1067 stipulated that post-war Germany was "a defeated enemy nation" which was to be industrially disarmed and demilitarized, and that a program of restitution and reparations was to be enforced. Fraternization with German citizens and officials was also discouraged. Hillenbrand wrote:
Reality quickly caught up with abstract formulations of policy. Nonfraternization could not stand up long in the face of the human propensity for sympathy and affection. Moreover, the plight of the civil population in the midst of destroyed buildings, food and fuel shortage, and economic collapse so obviously called for help that further punishment seemed irrelevant in what had become a battle for survival...the emphasis inevitably shifted to the provision of minimal supplies to avoid mass starvation.
Hillenbrand described living well as part of the "occupation establishment", and stated that the consulate had "its own club staffed by expert German cooks and waiters who were glad to be so near good food". The consular car fleet included a Maybach limousine alleged to have been previously used by a senior Nazi official.
During the 1960s, American buildings in West Germany became locations for anti-Vietnam War rallies, and in 1967, tomatoes and eggs were thrown at the Bremen consulate. In 1986, the Consulate General was closed after operating for centuries.
In 2000, American consular presence in Bremen become the Consular Agency, and a Consular Agent acts as the head of mission. At first the office sat on the location of Bremen World Trade Center, then in 2011 it moved into its present address at Flughafenallee 18, right inside the Bremen Airport.
The consular agency was temporarily closed in September 2017; this closure was rendered permanent on December 31, 2018.
See also
List of diplomatic missions of the United States
List of diplomatic missions in Germany
References
External links
Official website
Bremen
United States
Germany–United States relations
Organisations based in Bremen (city)
1861 establishments in Germany
Timo Petteri Nummelin (born November 25, 1972) is a Finnish former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League for the Minnesota Wild and Columbus Blue Jackets. They were drafted by the Columbus Blue Jackets as their fifth-round pick, #133 overall, in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Nummelin is the son of Timo Nummelin, a Finnish ice hockey hall of famer.
Playing career
Career in Finland
Petteri Nummelin started playing ice hockey in their hometown Turku and played for a-junior team of TPS for 3 seasons after which they played for Kiekko-67 in the 1. Division. Nummelin debuted in the SM-Liiga during the 1992–93 Season which they spent playing partly for TPS and Reipas. Nummelin also played in Kiekko-67 and TPS A-Junior team during the season. After the 1992–93 season Nummelin stayed in TPS for 2 more seasons (93–95) and moved to play in Sweden after winning the world championship for Finland.
Career in Sweden
After successful World Championship tournament in 1995 Nummelin attracted some international publicity and was contracted by Frölunda HC, a Swedish team playing in the Elitserien. Nummelin spent total of 2 seasons in Sweden.
Career in Switzerland
In 1997 Nummelin joined HC Davos, one of the most successful Swiss teams to date. Nummelin played in HC Davos for 3 seasons (1997–2000) during the time Nummelin established themselves as a star in Switzerland and at the end of the 1999–2000 season Nummelin received an offer from the NHL. Nummelin Played in NHL for Columbus Blue Jackets for the 2000–2001 season and returned to Switzerland and joined HC Lugano for the 2001–2002 season. Nummelin played in Lugano for 5 seasons (2001–06) and won several honors during that time, such as the overall scoring title in 2004 and the Swiss championship in 2003 and 2006. They returned to HC Lugano for the 2008-2009 season.
Career in Japan
In 2017 Nummelin signed a contract with the Nikkō Ice Bucks, and plays in the Asian Ice Hockey League.
Announced via the Nikkō Ice Bucks, Nummelin ended their career in Japan.
NHL career
Nummelin first played for one season in the NHL during the 2000–2001 NHL season for the Columbus Blue Jackets. In 2006, after spending 5 seasons in Switzerland, Nummelin returned to the NHL and signed with the Minnesota Wild, partially due to the strong encouragement of Minnesota Wild teammate, fellow countryman and friend Mikko Koivu, whom they babysat as a child. Known as Nummy by fans and Petu on the ice, Nummelin enjoyed a resurgence in their NHL career in the early stages of the 2006–07 NHL season.
Although Nummelin displayed both strong offensive and defensive contributions during regulation play, many consider their strongest asset their ability to score in the overtime shootout. As of 7 December 2006, Nummelin converted six shootout goals in all six of their attempts, beating some of the NHL's best goalies including Nikolai Khabibulin, Roberto Luongo and Vezina winner Miikka Kiprusoff. Nummelin's success is credited to what Wild fans have dubbed "The Shoulder Shake," a deke in which Nummelin shifts their shoulders back and forth without actually moving the puck, forcing the goaltender to move first, Nummelin then reacts to the goalie's movement putting the puck in the net with the backhand or forehand. Nummelin's opportunity in the shootout initially came as a shock to fans and teammates when Minnesota Wild head coach Jacques Lemaire listed them third in the shootout lineup against the Vancouver Canucks on 10 October 2006, in the place normally given to Marian Gaborik (the first three shooters are often reserved for the team's best goal scorers). Nummelin's conversion was the deciding goal to end the shootout and win the game for the Wild. Nummelin is currently the all-time NHL shoot-out conversion leader for players with more than two attempts, with a rate of 80% (8 for 10).
After the 2007–08 NHL season, Nummelin's contract with the Wild expired, and at 35 years of age they signed a 3-year contract with their former Swiss team HC Lugano.
International career
Nummelin debuted with the Finland national team in the 1995 Ice Hockey World Championships where Finland won their first gold medal and has since represented their country in each consecutive year except 2008 and 2011. Their total tournaments played count up to 15, an all-time record for most appearances in World Championships, which they held alone until 2013 when Mathias Seger tied this record.
Awards and achievements
Pekka Rautakallio trophy for best defenceman in the SM-liiga - 1994
World record holder in Ice Hockey World Championship tournaments played (15)
Best defenceman of World Championship tournament 2000 and 2010
In World Championship all-star team 2000, 2001, 2006, 2007 and 2010
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Columbus Blue Jackets draft picks
Columbus Blue Jackets players
Ice hockey players at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Finnish ice hockey defencemen
Finnish ice hockey world championship gold medalists
Frölunda HC players
HC Davos players
HC Lugano players
Medalists at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Minnesota Wild players
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Olympic silver medalists for Finland
Sportspeople from Turku
Storhamar Dragons players
HC TPS players
Nikkō Ice Bucks players
Finnish expatriate ice hockey people
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in Sweden
Finnish expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Finnish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Finnish expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Finnish expatriate sportspeople in Japan
The Facebook Football Awards is an award which is only for the English Premier League. Which was announced in April 2015. In 2016, it was announced for various leagues around Europe. It is associated with Facebook, with La Liga awards associated with MARCA.
Winners in 2015
Awards were issued only to the Premier League in 2015.
Premier League
Player of the Year: Alexis Sánchez
Manager of the Year: Arsène Wenger
Winners in 2016
La Liga
Player of the Year: Cristiano Ronaldo
Best Striker: Cristiano Ronaldo
Best Defender: Marcelo
Best Midfielder: Luka Modrić
Best Goalkeeper: Keylor Navas
Best Goal: James Rodríguez
Best Manager: Diego Simeone
Best Supporters: The supporters of Real Madrid
Premier League
Player of the Year: Riyad Mahrez
Young Player of the Year: Anthony Martial
Manager of the Year: Claudio Ranieri
Team of the Year: Three Leicester City and three Tottenham Hotspur players was included in team of the year. Manchester United were also represented with two players, as well as one apiece from Arsenal, West Ham United and Manchester City
Bundesliga
Player of the Year: Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang
New Comer of the Year: Julian Weigl
Best Manager: Pep Guardiola
References
External links
Facebook Media
Official results by Marca
Association football trophies and awards
Facebook
Awards established in 2015
Gray County (county code GY) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 5,653. Its county seat and most populous city is Cimarron.
History
Gray County was founded in 1881 and named for Alfred Gray. Between 1887 and 1893, a county seat war took place in Gray County that involved several notable Old West figures, such as Bat Masterson, Bill Tilghman, and Ben Daniels. As a result of the dispute, Cimarron became the permanent county seat of Gray County.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.05%) is water.
Since 2001, NextEra Energy Resources has operated the largest wind farm in Kansas—170 turbines with a generating capacity of 110 megawatts—on a site near Montezuma.
Adjacent counties
Finney County (north)
Hodgeman County (northeast)
Ford County (east)
Meade County (south)
Haskell County (west)
Demographics
As of the 2000 census, there were 5,904 people, 2,045 households, and 1,556 families residing in the county. The population density was 7 people per square mile (3/km2). There were 2,181 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 92.31% White, 0.46% Native American, 0.19% Black or African American, 0.10% Asian, 0.07% Pacific Islander, 5.42% from other races, and 1.46% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.81% of the population.
There were 2,045 households, out of which 42.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.70% were married couples living together, 5.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.90% were non-families. 21.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.31.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 31.60% under the age of 18, 8.30% from 18 to 24, 27.30% from 25 to 44, 20.20% from 45 to 64, and 12.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females there were 100.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $40,000, and the median income for a family was $45,299. Males had a median income of $31,519 versus $21,563 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,632. About 6.50% of families and 9.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.80% of those under age 18 and 8.00% of those age 65 or over.
Religion
Gray County has by far the highest percentage of adherents of the Church of God in Christ, Mennonite in the US. There were 1,032 members of the Church in Gray County in 2010, which is 17.18% of the population. It is the largest Church in the county.
Government
Presidential elections
Gray county is often carried easily by Republican candidates. The last time a Democratic candidate carried this county was in 1976 by Jimmy Carter.
Laws
Although the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 to allow the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with the approval of voters, Gray County has remained a prohibition, or "dry", county.
Education
Unified school districts
Cimarron–Ensign USD 102
Montezuma USD 371
Copeland USD 476
Ingalls USD 477
Communities
Cities and Towns
Cimarron (county seat)
Copeland
Ensign
Ingalls
Montezuma
Unincorporated communities
Charleston
Haggard
Townships
Gray County is divided into seven townships. None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
Dry counties
References
Further reading
External links
County
Gray County – Directory of Public Officials
Other
Gray County Wind Farm, the largest wind farm in Kansas
Maps
Gray County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1881 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1881
Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster Returns (; ) is a 2013 Indian romantic thriller drama film directed by Tigmanshu Dhulia. It is the sequel to the 2011 film, Saheb, Biwi Aur Gangster and the second installment of the Saheb, Biwi Aur Gangster film series. The film stars Jimmy Sheirgill and Mahi Gill, who reprised their roles from the previous film, while new additions to the cast include Irrfan Khan and Soha Ali Khan. The film was released on 8 March 2013. Jimmy Shergill won Best Actor Award for this film at 11th Norway Bollywood Film Festival in Oslo. A sequel titled Saheb, Biwi Aur Gangster 3 was released on 27 July 2018 and got poor reviews because of its poor script and weak plotlines.
Plot
The Royal Scandal, the war for power, and fight for money continue with the return of Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster. Aditya Pratap Singh (Jimmy Sheirgill) is crippled and is trying to recover from the physical disability and their wife's betrayal. The lover cum seductress Madhavi Devi (Mahie Gill) is now an MLA, their relationship with Aditya may have broken to shambles but their relation with alcohol is deep, dark and daunting. Indrajeet Singh (Irrfan Khan), a ragged prince who has lost everything but their pride, pledges to get back their family's respect which was once destroyed by Aditya's ancestors. Ranjana (Soha Ali Khan) is a modern ambitious girl who is madly in love with Indrajeet Singh. The story takes a new turn when Aditya falls in love with Ranjana and forces Birendra, their father, for their marriage.
Cast
Jimmy Sheirgill as Aditya Pratap Singh / Sahab
Mahi Gill as Madhavi Devi
Irrfan Khan as Indrajeet Pratap Singh aka Raja Bhaiyya
Soha Ali Khan as Ranjana
Pravesh Rana as Param Pratap Singh
Deepraj Rana as Kanhaiya
Raj Babbar as Birendra Pratap aka Bunny
Rajiv Gupta as MLA Prabhu Tiwari
Charanpreet Singh as A journalist
Sujay Shankarwar as Rudy
Anjana Sukhani as item number
Mugdha Godse in an item number "Media Se"
Santosh Maurya as Thakur
Production
Casting
The sequel was announced following the huge critical success of the first part, Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster. It was announced that Jimmy Sheirgill and Mahi Gill would be reprising their roles from the original film. In January 2012, Neil Nitin Mukesh was signed on to play the new gangster. However, due to differences between Mukesh and the film's producers, Mukesh was dropped from the part and Irrfan Khan was cast instead. Later in March, Soha Ali Khan was confirmed to play Irrfan Khan's love interest. Raj Babbar was soon cast to play the role of Soha Ali's father. Actress Neha Dhupia was to appear in an item number, but due to date issues, Mugdha Godse was signed instead.
Filming
Filming began in April 2012 in Gujarat in Santarampur and Devgadh Baria of panchmahals district and was wrapped up in October 2012, working on an intended budget of Rs 70 million.
Release
The film was released on 8 March 2013.
Critical reception
The film was well-received by critics. The performances of the main cast and the dialogues especially met with universal acclaim.
Taran Adarsh of Bollywood Hungama gave the film 3.5/5 stars praising the performances of the main cast and the intricate character developments.
Raja Sen of Rediff.com gave the film 4/5 stars and said Saheb. Biwi Aur Gangster Returns is better, sharper and more assured than the prequel. They called the dialogues "applause seeking" and also added, "Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster Returns is a theatrically indulgent entertainer, one that makes no bones about its pulpiness and stays well and truly juicy."
Ananya Bhattacharya of Zee News gave the film 4/5 stars and called it a 'masterpiece'.
Anupama Chopra of Hindustan Times gave the film 3/5 stars saying that the film should be seen for its characters and dialogue.
Rajeev Masand of IBN Live give the film 3/5 stars saying that the film is an engaging watch.
Rummana Ahmed from Yahoo India awarded the film 4.5/5 stars, praising Irrfan Khan's performance and calling the film overall "a compelling watch".
Box office
Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster Returns had a slow start but grew up as time proceed and managed on its opening day while around in its first weekend to make a good total. It eventually netted in domestic market. It managed $15,000 from overseas. The movie worldwide grossed .
Soundtrack
The film's soundtrack was released on 10 February 2013. The album contains five songs composed by Sandeep Chowta and lyrics penned by Sandeep Nath. A bonus song was later added to the film cut, "Dukh Thor Ditte Jugni", by music director Mukhtar Sahota, which became the opening song of the film.
Track list
Sequel
After two successful films director and producer planned a third installment of this series. Saheb, Biwi Aur Gangster 3 released on July 27, 2018.
References
External links
2013 films
2010s Hindi-language films
Indian sequel films
Films scored by Mukhtar Sahota
Films scored by Sandeep Chowta
2013 masala films
Indian gangster films
Viacom18 Studios films
Films directed by Tigmanshu Dhulia
The Battle of Burdwan occurred between the Nawab of Bengal and Maratha empire in 1747. After the dismissal of Mir Jafar by Alivardi Khan, an army was amassed to defend against the invading Maratha forces of Janoji Bhonsle at Orissa. Alivardi Khan managed to heavily repulse and defeat the Maratha's in this battle.
References
See also
First Battle of Katwa
Second Battle of Katwa
Burdwan 1747
Burdwan
1747 in India
The FC Basel 1933–34 season was the forty-first season since the club was foundation on 15 November 1893. FC Basel played their home games in the Landhof in the district Wettstein in Kleinbasel. The club chairperson Franz Rinderer, who was the president for the third consecutive period.
Overview
The Austrian trainer Karl Kurz remained trainer for their second season and fellow Austrian Josef Haist was co-trainer. Kurz was ill with leukaemia and their condition worsened. They died because of their illness during the evening of 26 November 1933, only hours the team's victory in the away game against Blue Stars Zürich. They were 35 years old. Josef Haist then took over the job as head coach.
Basel played a total of 46 matches in their 1933–34 season. 30 of these matches were in the domestic league Nationalliga, four in the Swiss Cup and 12 were friendly matches. Of these 12 friendlies seven were played in the Landhof, three other games were also played in Switzerland and three were played in France. Of the friendly games, seven ended with a victory and four ended with a defeat.
The 1933–34 Nationalliga was reformed. The top division was no longer divided into two groups, but for the first time, all teams were in one group. The second tier league remained with two regional groups. The championship was contested by 16 teams and was played in a double round robin, gaining two points for a victory and one for a draw. The three bottom-placed teams would be relegated. Basel started the season well, winning six of the first nine games, suffering only one defeat. Following the death of trainer Kurz the team was disorientated, losing five of the next seven matches and thus losing contact with the two top teams. Then in March Basel caught their form and improved again to finish their Nationalliga season in fifth position in the table, with 15 victories from the 30 games and 36 points. Servette won the championship with 49 points, three points ahead of Grasshopper Club. Urania Genève Sport, FC Blue Stars Zürich and FC Zürich suffered relegation.
In the 1st principal round of the Swiss Cup Basel were drawn at home against and defeated lower tier Solothurn. In the second round away against Lausanne-Sport winning 3–1 and third round at home against local rivals Nordstern Basel winning by three goals to one. Then in the quarter-final on 4 February 1934 Basel were defeated by Locarno and that fits, timely, completely into the entire picture of the seasons evolution. Grasshopper Club won the cup beating Servette 2–0, thanks to an own goal and a goal from Federico Schott.
Players
The following is the list of the Basel first team squad during the season 1933–34. The list includes players that were in the squad the day the season started on 6 August 1933 but subsequently left the club after that date.
Players who left the squad
Results
Legend
Friendly matches
Pre-season
Mid-season
Nationalliga
Matches
Table
Swiss Cup
See also
History of FC Basel
List of FC Basel players
List of FC Basel seasons
References
Sources
Rotblau: Jahrbuch Saison 2014/2015. Publisher: FC Basel Marketing AG.
Die ersten 125 Jahre. Publisher: Josef Zindel im Friedrich Reinhardt Verlag, Basel.
FCB team 1933–34 at fcb-archiv.ch
External links
FC Basel official site
FC Basel seasons
Basel
Basil Lewis OBE (1927-2020) was a British community leader, politician and business person. They were the first black councillor elected in the London Borough of Haringey and one of the first black councillors elected anywhere in the United Kingdom.
Basil Lewis was an active community organiser who helped establish a series of local associations in north London, including the Hornsey Co-operative Credit Union (which became one of the longest-running credit unions in Britain), the North London West Indian Association, and the Anglo-West Indian Conservative Society. During their time as a councillor, they helped found Haringey Council's Community Relations Council.
They were awarded an OBE by Queen Elizabeth II for services to politics and the community, recognising their efforts to raise political participation and build community relations.
Personal life
Basil Lewis was born in Clarendon, Jamaica in 1927. In 1954, Basil left Jamaica for Britain, settling in Hornsey in North London. They started working as a telephone engineer for Standard Telephones and Cables Ltd (later Nortel), before going on to set up their own record shop and then a travel agency Sunshine Travel, which arranged holidays to the Caribbean.
They joined the Union Church, close to where they lived on Drylands Road in Hornsey. Alongside around a dozen church members they helped set up a savings-and-loans club for the local community, designed to help those who could not get a bank loan to borrow money to start businesses or buy a home. Caribbean migrants at the time often found that the interest rates offered and deposits required by banks were unaffordable. On 7 April 1964 the club was formally established as the Hornsey Cooperative Credit Union. Less than a year later it had more than one hundred members.
Political life
Basil Lewis was first elected in 1968 as a Conservative councillor for Stroud Green. They served the ward for ten years. Following boundary changes in 1978, they stood in the newly expanded Crouch End ward, serving until 1982.
On their election in 1968, Councillor Basil Lewis told local newspaper The Hornsey Journal "I am convinced that the electors in Stroud Green have proved a great example, which may go down in history. Your decision to elect me as one of your ward representatives I accept as a vote of confidence. I pledge myself to serve you to the best of my ability and I will always be ready to assist you and befriend you."
As a councillor, they helped form Haringey's Community Relations Council, Race Equalities Committee and the Ferne Park Housing Association.
References
1927 births
2020 deaths
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Councillors in the London Borough of Haringey
Events in the year 1892 in Bulgaria.
Incumbents
Events
Bolyarka, a Bulgarian beer brand from the city of Veliko Tarnovo, was founded by the HadjiSlavchevi brothers.
References
1890s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
The Rural Municipality of Lake of the Rivers No. 72 (2016 population: ) is a rural municipality (RM) in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 3 and Division No. 2. It is located in the southwest portion of the province.
History
The RM of Lake Of The Rivers No. 72 incorporated as a rural municipality on December 11, 1911.
Geography
Communities and localities
The following urban municipalities are surrounded by the RM.
Towns
Assiniboia
The following unincorporated communities are within the RM.
Localities
Davyroyd
Willows, dissolved as a village, January 1, 1950
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the RM of Lake of the Rivers No. 72 had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the RM of Lake of the Rivers No. 72 recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Government
The RM of Lake of the Rivers No. 72 is governed by an elected municipal council and an appointed administrator that meets on the second Friday of every month. The reeve of the RM is Norm Nordgulen while its administrator is Shanese Mielke. The RM's office is located in Assiniboia.
Transportation
The Assiniboia Airport is located in the rural municipality.
References
Lake of the Rivers
Division No. 3, Saskatchewan
Los Angeles is the most populous city in California and the second most populous in the United States.
Los Angeles may also refer to:
Places
Panama
Los Ángeles, Chiriquí, a corregimiento
Los Ángeles, Los Santos, another corregimiento
Spain
Cerro de los Ángeles, a hill
Los Ángeles (Madrid), a neighborhood
United States
California
Greater Los Angeles
Los Angeles County, California
Los Angeles metropolitan area
Los Angeles Basin, the coastal plain
Los Angeles River
Los Angeles Street, downtown Los Angeles
Texas
Los Angeles, Willacy County, Texas, a census-designated place
Los Angeles, La Salle County, Texas, an unincorporated community
Elsewhere
Los Ángeles, Catamarca, in Argentina
Los Ángeles, Chile, the capital of the Chilean province of Bío Bío
Bahía de los Ángeles a bay located along the east side of the Baja California Peninsula of Mexico
Los Ángeles, South Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region, in Nicaragua
Los Angeles, Bohol, a barangay in the Philippines
Los Ángeles, a district in the canton of San Ramón, Costa Rica
Music
Los Ángeles (band)
Albums
Los Angeles (Flying Lotus album), 2008
Los Angeles (The Brilliant Green album), 2001
Los Angeles (X album), 1980
Los Ángeles (album), a 2017 album by Rosalía
Songs
"Los Angeles" (Frank Black song), released in 1993
Los Angeles, a song by Sugarcult from the 2006 album Lights Out
Los Angeles, a song by Blink-182 from the 2016 album California
Los Angeles, a song by X from the 1980 album Los Angeles
Los Angeles, a 2015 song by Amanda Grace
Sports
Los Angeles Angels, professional baseball team of Major League Baseball
Los Angeles Chargers, professional American football team of the National Football League
Los Angeles Clippers, professional basketball team of the National Basketball Association
Los Angeles Dodgers, professional baseball team of Major League Baseball
Los Angeles FC, professional soccer team of Major League Soccer
Los Angeles Galaxy, commonly known as LA Galaxy, professional soccer team of Major League Soccer
Los Angeles Kings, professional ice hockey team of the National Hockey League
Los Angeles Lakers, professional basketball team of the National Basketball Association
Los Angeles Rams, professional American football team of the National Football League
Los Angeles Sparks, professional basketball team of the Women's National Basketball Association
Transportation
Los Angeles International Airport, the primary airport serving the Greater Los Angeles Area
Los Angeles-class submarine, a boat class
Other uses
Los Angeles (magazine), a monthly magazine devoted to the city of Los Angeles, California
See also
City of Los Angeles (disambiguation)
L.A. (disambiguation)
Sahl ibn Saʿd al-Sāʿidī () was one of the prominent Sahaba, or direct companions of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, a member of the Ansar and an early Muslim scholar. They died in 91 AH. They were born as a Muslim, they narrated 188 hadeth's. They married Aisha bint Khuzayma and had a son named Abbas ibn Sahl.
See also
References
710 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Companions of the Prophet
Horodysko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Chełm and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The white-throated barbtail (Premnoplex tatei) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is endemic to Venezuela.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
White-throated barbtail videos on the Internet Bird Collection
white-throated barbtail
Birds of the Venezuelan Coastal Range
Endemic birds of Venezuela
white-throated barbtail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ma Xuejun (, born 26 March 1985, in Shandong) is a Chinese discus thrower. Them personal best throw is 65.00 metres, first achieved in August 2006 in Shijiazhuang. The Chinese, and Asian, record is currently held by Xiao Yanling with 71.68 metres.
They were successful on junior level, winning both the 2001 World Youth Championships, the 2002 World Junior Championships and the 2004 World Junior Championships. Them first medal on senior level was a silver medal at the 2006 Asian Games. They then finished ninth at the 2007 World Championships.
Achievements
References
1985 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Chinese female discus throwers
Olympic athletes of China
Athletes from Shandong
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Vosta Kola or Vosta Kala () may refer to:
Vosta Kola, Amol
Vosta Kola, Qaem Shahr
Gunnar Samuelsson (2 May 1927 – 4 November 2007) was a Swedish cross-country skier. They competed at the 1956 Winter Olympics and won a bronze medal in the 4 × 10 km relay, finishing 11th and 15th in the individual 15 km and 30 km races.
At the end of their career Samuelsson competed in biathlon and won silver and bronze medal in the Swedish Championships and relay title in an international meet against East Germany.
Cross-country skiing results
Olympic Games
1 medal – (1 bronze)
References
External links
Swedish Cross country skiing medalists 1924–2002
1927 births
2007 deaths
People from Malung-Sälen Municipality
Cross-country skiers from Dalarna County
Swedish male cross-country skiers
Cross-country skiers at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Olympic cross-country skiers of Sweden
Olympic bronze medalists for Sweden
Olympic medalists in cross-country skiing
Medalists at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Fan Linlin (; born 1 December 1991 in Beijing) is a Chinese volleyball player. They were the spiker of the China women's national volleyball team. They play in Army club.
References
Profile at fivb.org
External links
1991 births
Living people
Chinese women's volleyball players
Volleyball players from Beijing
Wing spikers
Frank Martin is a former Democratic Alliance councillor for the 19th Ward in Cape Town which includes Blue Downs, Kuilsriver, Wesbank and a small eastern section of Delft.
N2 Gateway occupations
Martin rose to prominence during the December 2007 N2 Gateway occupations of BNG houses in the new Symphony area of Delft. The N2 Gateway Occupations saw large numbers of government-built houses occupied illegally by local residents of Delft in the Western Cape on 19 December 2007.
After the occupation, it emerged that Martin had encouraged local families to occupy the houses. They were arrested on 20 December on charges of issuing letters to an estimated 300 families in Delft which allegedly granted them permission to move into the houses and stated that they would accept full responsibility for the consequences.
Charges against Martin were later dropped.
In February 2008, Judge Van Zyl of the Cape Town High Court ruled to evict residents. In their comments, they faulted Martin for instigating the occupation. On 18 February 2009, a City of Cape Town disciplinary committee found Martin guilty of encouraging people to invade homes at Delft. As punishment, Martin was suspended for only one month while former supporters of the councillor expressed outrage and called for them to be fired.
See also
N2 Gateway
Symphony Way Informal Settlement
N2 Gateway occupations
References
Democratic Alliance (South Africa) politicians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Balboa/South Indian Trail is a neighborhood in Spokane, Washington located on the northwestern side of the city. The neighborhood is largely composed of single-family residential areas that were developed after being annexed into the city in the 1950s. The neighborhood is situated on tableland above a steep bluff rising from the Spokane River to the west, that then rises up a more developed bluff towards Five Mile Prairie which is located above the neighborhood to the north and east.
History
The Spokane people have lived in what is now Balboa/South Indian Trail for hundreds of years. The neighborhood's name comes from the presence of a centuries-old trail through the area.
With the arrival of European settlers in the 1800s, the trail became an important arterial for the trappers and pioneers who came to the Spokane area. The trail was renamed Pioneer Road and was part of a route that connected the Columbia River to Spokane House, roughly 7.5 miles to the northwest of the current neighborhood. From Spokane House, the trail and subsequent Pioneer Road passed through the area to the city of Spokane. In 1883, Scotch-Irishman settler Robert McKinley acquired 640 acres of land in the area upon which they built a camp that provided drinking water to pioneers traversing the road. Most Balboa/South Indian Trail is located on the land formerly owned by McKinley.
For the first half of the 20th century, the neighborhood remained outside of the city limits and largely rural. Things began to change when the city annexed the majority of the neighborhood in 1956, and the northernmost areas along with the North Indian Trail a decade later in 1966. Residential development quickly followed the 1956 annexation with what was known as the Pacific Heights addition. Balboa Elementary, named for Vasco Núñez de Balboa, the first European to have seen the Pacific Ocean, was opened in 1960. The pace of development necessitated the construction of two more schools in the neighborhood within just four years. Salk Middle School, named for Jonas Salk, was built in 1961 and Indian Trail Elementary in 1964.
Five Mile Shopping Center on the eastern edge of the neighborhood was first built in 1955 with a Rosauers Supermarket as its anchor. The store remains in the location as of 2022, though it was temporarily closed in 2008 after a record month of snowfall in the city caused a massive roof collapse. Over the years the shopping enter expanded westward as other retail stores, services and restaurants were added.
A positive environmental development took place in Balboa/South Indian Trail in 2021. Established in 1931, the Northside Landfill was an open dump that served as the city's primary waste disposal location. By 1962 it was being converted into a covered landfill. In the 1980s, numerous toxic chemicals were found to be leeching into the groundwater from the landfill, and the dump was closed to the public. In 1989 the Environmental Protection Agency issued its cleanup plan for the site and it was added to the EPA's Superfund program. After the cleanup goals were completed, chemical concentrations in the groundwater had returned to within state and federal standards by 2020. In 2021, the site was officially removed from the Superfund program. The landfill is still considered to be active, but is no longer open to the public.
Geography
Balboa/South Indian Trail is built mostly upon gently sloping land, but two steep bluffs pass along the edges of the neighborhood. The western bluff descends steeply towards the Spokane River, falling more than 200 feet over a distance of roughly 1,000 feet across. The eastern bluff, which rises to the Five Mile Prairie above, is more suitable for development, though it is also quite steep in other places.
The neighborhood extends from Cedar Street on the east, which separates it from Town and Country, to Nine Mile Road in the west, across which lies unincorporated Spokane County. Francis Avenue is the southern boundary, across which lies the Northwest neighborhood, with the crest of the Five Mile Bluff as the boundary in the north. Nine Mile Road and Francis Avenue carry Washington State Route 291 through the neighborhood. The easternmost section of the neighborhood is known locally as "Five Mile" and is home to the Five Mile Shopping Center, a major retail district for the northwest side of Spokane. The "Five Mile" moniker is also shared with the Five Mile Prairie neighborhood immediately to the north of Balboa/South Indian Trail and Five Mile Road, which starts at the shopping center and climbs up the bluff to the prairie. It comes from its location roughly five miles north of Downtown Spokane.
Almost all of the neighborhood is zoned for single-family housing, though not all of the land is developed as such. The bluff on the west is largely undeveloped and consists of parkland in the south and a landfill in the north. The easternmost portion of the neighborhood is zoned for commercial, and consists of the Five Mile Shopping Center. A neighborhood retail zone is located near the center of the neighborhood on Indian Trail Road just north of Francis Avenue. Indian Trail Park, next to Indian Trail Elementary, as well as the campuses of Balboa Elementary and Salk Middle School provide public open spaces within the neighborhood.
Demographics
As of 2017, there were 5,645 residents in the neighborhood across 2,243 households, of which 27.1% had children. 13.8% of households were rented, compared to 45.3% citywide. 22.5% of the residents were aged 19 or younger, compared to 21.9% citywide. Those over 65 made up 25.6% of the population, compared to 14.5% citywide. The median household income was $68,985, compared to $44,768 citywide. 33% of the population has a bachelor's degree or higher while 23.5% have at most a high school diploma. The unemployment rate was 3.7% compared to 6.5% citywide. 49.5% of students qualify for free or reduced lunch, compared to 54.5% citywide. 94.6% of residents were born in the United States or one of its territories. Of those born elsewhere, 30.5% were from Canada, 17.9% from the Philippines, 7.3% from France and 4.7% from the China.
Education
Balboa/South Indian Trail is served by Spokane Public Schools. Balboa Elementary is located in the eastern half of the neighborhood and serves the residents east Indian Trail Road. Indian Trail Elementary is located in the west and serves the area west of Indian Trail Road. Bemiss feeds into Salk Middle School, which is also located in the east of the neighborhood. Indian Trail is set to feed into the Pauline Flett Middle School in the adjacent Northwest neighborhood when it opens in 2022. Both Salk and Flett feed into Shadle Park High School, also located in the Northwest neighborhood.
Transportation
Highway
- State Route 291 - to Tumtum (north) and Spokane (south)
Surface Streets
State Route 291 travels through Balboa/South Indian Trail along Francis Avenue and Nine Mile Road, which are surface streets and not limited-access highways, though State Route 291 does become limited-access just after leaving the neighborhood to the north. Nine Mile Road, Francis Avenue, Indian Trail Road and the Maple/Ash couplet are classified as principal arterials by the city, the highest classification for a surface street. Five Mile Road is classified as a secondary arterial. The rest of the streets are local access streets.
Five Mile Road has a dedicated bike lane. Belt Road is a shared roadway bicycle route.
Public Transit
Balboa/South Indian Trail is served by the Spokane Transit Authority like the rest of the Spokane metropolitan area, with four fixed-route bus lines passing through the neighborhood.
References
Neighborhoods in Spokane, Washington
Geography of Spokane, Washington
Rugby League Review is a bi-monthly magazine owned by the Australian media company TL Sports Publications and is currently the only rugby league magazine being published in Australia. It was first published in October 2002 and features articles on all aspects of the game including the NRL, State Cups, Juniors, Women's Rugby League, International Rugby League and a look back at how the game used to be.
See also
Big League
Rugby League Week
References
External links
2002 establishments in Australia
Magazines established in 2002
Bi-monthly magazines published in Australia
Sports magazines published in Australia
Magazines published in Sydney
National Rugby League
Rugby football magazines
Rugby leagues in Australia
Rugby league mass media
Gurumāpā (Nepal Bhasa:) (Devanagari:गुरुमापा) is a mythical creature in the folklore of Nepal Mandala. According to legend, they are said to take away disobedient children, and so was banished to a field in Kathmandu.
The story of Gurumapa is one of the most well known folk tales in Newar society.  They are depicted as a giant with a terrifying face and protruding fangs.
The legend
Kesh Chandra
The story starts with an inveterate named Kesh Chandra who lived in Itumbaha, a sacred courtyard in central Kathmandu. After they had gambled away all of their property, they went to live with their sister. When they stole even the plate on which their lunch was served to gamble, their sister, wishing to teach them a lesson, served their rice on the floor.
Deeply hurt, Kesh Chandra gathered up the food in a handkerchief and walked a long distance to the woods outside the city. Feeling hungry, they unwrapped the rice, and found that it had turned bad and there were maggots all over. So they spread the food to dry in the sun and dozed off.
Droppings turn to gold
When Kesh Chandra awoke, they found that pigeons had eaten everything. They were so saddened that they broke into tears. Taking pity on him, the pigeons left their droppings which turned into gold. There was so much gold that they couldn't carry it all. As they were pondering what to do, they saw Gurumapa, a man-eating giant that lived in the forest, approaching. They had been attracted by the smell of prey.
Kesh Chandran pacified them by calling them uncle, and persuaded them to carry the gold to their home with the promise of a feast and the right to take away children if their parents called them whenever they were bad. Kesh Chandra took Gurumapa home to Itumbaha and let them live in the attic. As the years passed, children started disappearing whenever their parents warned them that Gurumapa would come and get them.
Banished to Tundikhel
The local residents then decided that it was not safe to keep Gurumapa in the neighborhood. They promised to provide them an annual feast of boiled rice and buffalo meat if they agreed to live on the field of Tinkhya (Tundikhel). And so the giant was persuaded to move out. To this day, the people of the locality prepare a feast on the night of Holi for Gurumapa and leave it on the field which is now a parade ground.
References
Nepalese legendary creatures
Newar
Mythic humanoids
Demons
Asian folklore
Nepalese fairy tales
The brown prinia (Prinia polychroa) is a species of bird in the family Cisticolidae. The Burmese prinia (P. cooki) and the Annam prinia (P. rocki) were formerly lumped with this species.
It is found in mainland Southeast Asia, namely in most of Thailand, Laos, Vietnam, and Cambodia, as well as on the Indonesian island of Java. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forest. Populations in Myanmar, far western Thailand, far western Laos, and southern China are now considered belonging to P. cooki, while populations in the Đà Lạt Plateau of Vietnam and far eastern Cambodia are now considered belonging P. rocki.
There are two recognised subspecies: P. p. deignani, which is found in Thailand, Laos, Vietnam and Cambodia, and P. p. polychroa, which is restricted to Java. P. p. deignani was formerly considered an eastern population of P. p. cooki (when it was considered a subspecies) until the 2019 study, which split the Burmese and south Chinese populations as P. cooki while reclassifying the Thai, Laotian, and Cambodian populations into a new subspecies, P. p. deignani. P. crinigera bangsi, now considered a subspecies of the Himalayan prinia (P. crinigera), was also formerly considered another south Chinese subspecies of P. polychroa (P. p. bangsi) until the 2019 study.
It was named after the American ornithologist Herbert Girton Deignan.
References
Brown prinia
Birds of Southeast Asia
Brown prinia
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Christian Markle Straub (1804June 7, 1860) was an American politician from Pennsylvania who served as a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives for Pennsylvania's 11th congressional district from 1853 to 1855.
Early life and education
Straub was born in Milton, Pennsylvania to Andrew II and Mary Eveline Walter. They studied law and was admitted to the bar. They served as prothonotary of Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania in 1845 and sheriff of Schuylkill County in 1849.
Career
Straub was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-third congress. They were a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate for the 28th district from 1855 to 1856 and the 7th district from 1857 to 1858. They died in Washington, D.C. and is interred at the Charles Baber Cemetery in Pottsville, Pennsylvania.
Sources
The Political Graveyard
|-
1804 births
1860 deaths
19th-century American politicians
Burials at Charles Baber Cemetery
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania lawyers
Pennsylvania prothonotaries
Pennsylvania state senators
People from Northumberland County, Pennsylvania
People from Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
19th-century American lawyers
Lee Jae-ik (born 21 May 1999) is a South Korean football defender who plays for Seoul E-Land and the South Korea national team.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
International
South Korea U20
FIFA U-20 World Cup runner-up: 2019
South Korea
EAFF E-1 Football Championship runner-up: 2022
References
1999 births
Living people
Association football defenders
South Korean footballers
South Korean expatriate footballers
Gangwon FC players
Al-Rayyan SC players
Royal Antwerp F.C. players
K League 1 players
Qatar Stars League players
Belgian First Division A players
Expatriate footballers in Qatar
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in Qatar
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
South Korea under-20 international footballers
Dr. Ines Mergel is a Full Professor of Public Administration in the Department of Politics and Public Administration at the University of Konstanz, Germany. They were previously on the public administration faculty at The Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs of Syracuse University where they earned tenure as an associate professor of public administration and international affairs. Mergel is an expert in social media and teaches courses in agile government, digital government, and social media in the public sector.
A native of Germany, Mergel received a BA and MBA equivalent in business economics from the University of Kassel, Germany. They received a Doctor of Business Administration (DBA) in information management from the University of St. Gallen in Switzerland and spent six years as doctoral and postdoctoral fellow at Harvard's Kennedy School of Government, where they conducted research on public managers' informal social networks and their use of technology to share knowledge."
Career
Dr. Mergel is a full professor of public administration in the Department of Politics and Public Administration at the University of Konstanz, Germany. They were formerly at Syracuse University's Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs and Affiliate Professor at the iSchool of Syracuse University, and a post-doctorate fellow with the Faculty Affiliate Program on Networked Governance at Harvard's Kennedy School.
Them research focuses on new technology adoption in bureaucratic and hierarchical structures in the public sector. Them research is published in academic journals, such as Public Administration Review, American Review of Public Administration, Journal of Public Administration Research and Theory (JPART), Public Management Review, and practitioner-oriented outlets, such as IBM's Center for the Business of Government reports.
Publications
Dr. Mergel has co-authored and published articles and books on technology adoption in the legislative and executive branches of the U.S. government.
Them book Social Media in the Public Sector is based on interviews with social media directors in the U.S. federal government and present the findings of a longitudinal study of how federal agencies have embraced the Presidential call to use new technologies to make government more transparent, participatory and collaborative. For their second book they teamed up with Bill Greeves, CIO of Wake County, and wrote a fieldguide for public managers to implement social media: Social Media in the Public Sector Field Guide: Designing and Implementing Strategies and Policies.
References
Living people
University of Konstanz faculty
Writers from Hanover
University of Kassel alumni
University of St. Gallen alumni
Harvard Kennedy School faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
John Adam Day (6 July 1901 – 7 June 1966), was a British Liberal Party parliamentary candidate who later became a prominent Conservative in Devon local government.
Background
They were the son of Herbert Allen Day and Isabella Maud Black. They were educated at Bedales School and the London School of Economics. They married, in 1932, Kathleen Emily Hebditch. They had one son and one daughter. They were a Hereditary Freeman of the City of Norwich.
Career
They were appointed a County Magistrate for Devon in 1938. They served in the Royal Air Force from 1940 to 1944. They were a Flight Lieutenant and Deputy Assistant Provost Marshal in charge of Cornwall. They were invalided out in 1944.
Political career
They were a Liberal candidate for the Bury St Edmunds Division of Suffolk at the 1924 General Election. This was a safe Conservative seat that the Liberals had not contested since before 1918;
They were a Liberal candidate for the Thornbury Division of Gloucestershire at the 1929 General Election. This was a more promising seat that the Liberals had last won in 1923;
They were a Liberal candidate for the Tavistock Division of Devon at the 1931 General Election. They were hoping to take the seat from the Conservatives who had narrowly held the seat since taking it from the Liberals in 1924. At an election in which both main contenders claimed to be supporters of the National Government, the Conservative hung on;
They were elected a Member of Devon County Council in 1932. They were again Liberal candidate for the Tavistock Division of Devon at the 1935 General Election, again without success;
They were Treasurer of the Devon & Cornwall Liberal Federation.
Civic career
They were elected an Alderman of Devon County Council in 1947. They served as Vice-Chairman of the Devon County Council Education Committee 1947–55. They served as Chairman of the Devon County Council Children's Committee 1948–55. They served as Sheriff of Devon, 1949–50. They served as Vice-Chairman of Devon County Council from 1955 to 1965. They served as Chairman of the Devon County Council Finance Committee 1956–65. They were Chairman of Torquay Division Conservative Association 1961–63. They served as Chairman of the Devon Community Council in 1962. They served as Chairman of Devon County Council from 1965 to 1966. They were a Member of the Economic Planning Council for the South West from 1965 to 1966.
References
1901 births
1966 deaths
Liberal Party (UK) parliamentary candidates
Conservative Party (UK) councillors
People educated at Bedales School
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Royal Air Force personnel of World War II
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
Members of Devon County Council
Lonnie Bradley Holley (born February 10, 1950) sometimes known as The Sand Man, is an American artist, art educator, and musician.  They are best known for their assemblages and immersive environments made of found materials. They were born the 7th of 27 children during the Jim Crow era and claims to have been traded for a bottle of whiskey when they were four. Holley's work is included in the representation of the Souls Grown Deep foundation.
Early life
Lonnie Holley was born on February 10, 1950, in Birmingham, Alabama, (during the Jim Crow era). From the age of five, Holley worked various jobs: picking up trash at a drive-in movie theatre, washing dishes, and cooking. They lived in a whiskey house, on the state fairgrounds, and in several foster homes. Their early life was chaotic and Holley was never afforded the pleasure of a real childhood. Born the 7th of 27 children, Holley claims to have been traded for a bottle of whiskey when they were four.
Before beginning their career, they spent time digging graves and picking cotton. They claim to have been pronounced brain-dead after being hit by a car. They became a father at 15 and now has 15 children. Holley also worked as a short-order cook at Disney World. They also did time at a notorious juvenile facility, the Alabama Industrial School for Negro Children in Mount Meigs.
Visual Art Career
Holley began their artistic life in 1979 by carving tombstones for their sister's two children, who died in a house fire. They used blocks of a soft sandstone-like byproduct of metal casting which was discarded in piles by a foundry near their sister's house. They believe that divine intervention led them to the material and inspired their artwork. Inspired to create, Holley made other carvings and assembled them in their yard along with various found objects. In 1981, they brought a few examples of their sandstone carvings to Birmingham Museum of Art director Richard Murray. The BMA displayed some of those pieces immediately and Murray introduced them to the organizers of the 1981 exhibition "More Than Land and Sky: Art from Appalachia" at the Smithsonian American Art Museum. Soon their work was being acquired by other institutions, such as the American Folk Art Museum in New York and the High Museum of Art in Atlanta. Their work has also been displayed at the White House.
Holley also became a popular guest at children's art events, bringing blocks of the foundry stone for children to carve. They get special pleasure from sharing their experience of learning to love oneself through creative activity.
By the mid-1980s their work had diversified to include paintings and recycled found-object sculptures. Their yard and adjacent abandoned lots near their home became an immersive art environment that was celebrated by visitors from the art world, but threatened by scrap-metal scavengers and eventually, by the expansion of the Birmingham International Airport. In late 1996 Holley was notified that their hilltop property near the airport would be condemned. They rejected the airport authority's offer to buy the property at the market rate of $14,000, knowing that their site-specific installation had personal and artistic value they demanded $250,000. The dispute went to probate court and in 1997 a settlement was reached and the airport authority paid $165,700 to move Holley's family and work to a larger property in Harpersville, Alabama.
Holley's first major retrospective, Do We Think Too Much? I Don't Think We Can Ever Stop: Lonnie Holley, A Twenty-Five Year Survey, was organized by the Birmingham Museum of Art and traveled in 2003 to the Ikon Gallery in Birmingham, England. From May 2003 to May 2004, Holley created a "sprawling, sculptural environment" in the lower sculpture garden at the Birmingham Museum of Art as part of their "Perspectives" series of site-specific installations. The creation of the work was documented in the film "The Sandman's Garden" by Arthur Crenshaw and in photographs by Alice Faye "Sister" Love. Holley installed sculptural work for the exhibition Groundstory: Tales from the shade of the South, at Agnes Scott College of Decatur, Georgia, which ran at the Dalton Gallery from September 28 to November 17, 2012. In 2022, Lonnie Holley was named a Fellow and received an unrestricted cash award from United States Artists (USA), a Chicago-based arts funding organization.
Music Career
Holley's professional music career began in 2006 when they made improvisational vocal recordings, at the urging of Matt Arnett (son of William Arnett), in an Alabama church using just a keyboard and a microphone.
In 2012, they released their debut album Just Before Music on the Dust-to-Digital label, followed by Keeping a Record of It the following year. In September 2018, they released their third album MITH on Jagjaguwar. In April 2021, Holley released a collaboration album with Matthew E. White titled Broken Mirror: A Selfie Reflection. Also in 2022, they have begun to record their fourth album. In 2023, Holley will co-teach a course for the Pilchuck Glass School, with artist John Drury.
Critical acclaim
The Washington Post listed Just Before Music on its list of the Top 10 albums of 2013.
Pitchfork gave Holley's 2018 album MITH a 7.9 out of 10 rating.
Pitchfork gave Holley's 2020 album National Freedom a 8.0 out of 10 rating.
Discography
Just Before Music (2012)
Keeping a Record of It (2013)
Live on The Modern World with DJ Trouble - April 2013
MITH (2018)
National Freedom (2020)
Broken Mirror: A Selfie Reflection (2021) - with Matthew E. White
References
Sources
Dietz, Andrew (April 1, 2006 ) The Last Folk Hero: A True Story of Race and Art, Power and Profit. Atlanta: Ellis Lane Press.
Birmingham Museum of Art (August 13, 2004) "Do We Think Too Much? I Don't Think We Can Ever Stop: Lonnie Holley, A Twenty-Five Year Survey" Exhibition announcement. Holley Retrospective - accessed April 16, 2006
Reeves, Jay (February 8, 1997) "Acclaimed folk artist losing fight against FAA and urban sprawl." Associated Press. - accessed April 16, 2006
Discogs : Lonnie Holley - accessed September 23, 2022
Souls Grown Deep, Lonnie Holley: About. - accessed September 23, 2022
American sculptors
American installation artists
1950 births
Living people
Artists from Birmingham, Alabama
American male musicians
African-American sculptors
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The 2013 election to the Grand Council was held in the canton of Geneva, Switzerland, on 6 October 2013. All 100 members of the Grand Council were elected for four-year terms.
Results
|-
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;" colspan=2 |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;" width=150px |Ideology
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" width=50px |Vote %
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" width=50px |Vote % ±
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" width=50px |Seats
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" width=50px |Seats ±
|-
| style="background-color: " |
| style="text-align:left;" | FDP.The Liberals
| style="text-align:left;" | Classical liberalism
| style="text-align:right;" | 22.37
| style="text-align:right;" | -3.93
| style="text-align:right;" | 24
| style="text-align:right;" | –71
|-
| style="background-color: " |
| style="text-align:left;" | Geneva Citizens' Movement
| style="text-align:left;" | Right-wing populism
| style="text-align:right;" | 19.23
| style="text-align:right;" | +4.49
| style="text-align:right;" | 20
| style="text-align:right;" | +3
|-
| style="background-color: " |
| style="text-align:left;" | Social Democratic Party
| style="text-align:left;" | Democratic socialism
| style="text-align:right;" | 14.33
| style="text-align:right;" | +1.42
| style="text-align:right;" | 15
| style="text-align:right;" | ±0
|-
| style="background-color: " |
| style="text-align:left;" | Christian Democratic People's Party
| style="text-align:left;" | Christian democracy
| style="text-align:right;" | 10.61
| style="text-align:right;" | +0.69
| style="text-align:right;" | 11
| style="text-align:right;" | ±0
|-
| style="background-color: " |
| style="text-align:left;" | Swiss People's Party
| style="text-align:left;" | National conservatism
| style="text-align:right;" | 10.33
| style="text-align:right;" | +1.77
| style="text-align:right;" | 11
| style="text-align:right;" | +2
|-
| style="background-color: " |
| style="text-align:left;" | Green Party
| style="text-align:left;" | Green politics
| style="text-align:right;" | 9.16
| style="text-align:right;" | -6.18
| style="text-align:right;" | 10
| style="text-align:right;" | -7
|-
| style="background-color: " |
| style="text-align:left;" | Together Left2
| style="text-align:left;" | Communism
| style="text-align:right;" | 8.75
| style="text-align:right;" | -3.49
| style="text-align:right;" | 9
| style="text-align:right;" | +9
|-
| style="background-color: " |
| style="text-align:left;" | Green Liberal Party
| style="text-align:left;" | Green liberalism
| style="text-align:right;" | 3.06
| style="text-align:right;" | +3.06
| style="text-align:right;" | 0
| style="text-align:right;" | ±0
|-
| style="background-color: " |
| style="text-align:left;" | Pirate Party
| style="text-align:left;" | Pirate politics
| style="text-align:right;" | 1.61
| style="text-align:right;" | +1.61
| style="text-align:right;" | 0
| style="text-align:right;" | ±0
|-
| style="background-color: " |
| style="text-align:left;" | Conservative Democratic Party
| style="text-align:left;" | Conservative liberalism
| style="text-align:right;" | 0.56
| style="text-align:right;" | +0.56
| style="text-align:right;" | 0
| style="text-align:right;" | ±0
|- style="background: #E9E9E9"
! style="text-align:left;" colspan=3| Total
| style="text-align:right;" | 100.00
| style="text-align:right;" | –
| 100
| style="text-align:right;" | –
|- style="background: #E9E9E9"
! style="text-align:left;" colspan=3| Turnout
| style="text-align:right;" | 41.05
| style="text-align:right;" | 1.39
| –
| style="text-align:right;" | –
|-
| colspan=9 style="text-align:left;" | 1 The Liberal Party of Geneva merged with the Free Democratic Party into FDP.The Liberals in 2011. The total of both parties' seats are used for this calculation.2 Alliance of SolidaritéS, Swiss Party of Labour, left-wing independents, Defence of the Elderly, Tenants of Housing and Social (DAL), Alternative Left,the Communist Party of Geneva, and Action of Citizens and Workers in Struggle (ACTE)
|-
| colspan=9 style="text-align:left;" | Source: Republic and Canton of Geneva
|}
References
Geneva
Grand Council of Geneva elections
Kondor () is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Stefan Merrill Block (born 1982) is an American writer.
Biography
Stefan Merrill Block was born in Texas and currently lives in Brooklyn, NY. They have written three novels The Story of Forgetting, The Storm at the Door and Oliver Loving.
References
1982 births
Living people
Novelists from Texas
American male novelists
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American male writers
Tuzo may refer to:
People
Harry Tuzo (1917–1998), British army officer
John Tuzo Wilson (1908–1993), Canadian geophysicist and geologist
Places
Mount Tuzo, Canada
Tuzo Wilson Seamounts
Other
Alto Rendimiento Tuzo, Mexican football club
Tuzo chicken
The Catholic Church in the Gambia is part of the worldwide Catholic Church, under the spiritual leadership of the Pope in Rome. Gambia is a predominantly Muslim country (approximately 94% of the population). The Diocese of Banjul covers the whole of the country. Relations between the Muslim and Christian communities in the Gambia are generally very good. The Catholic Church operates various missions including schools which children of Muslim parents attend. Of the minority Christian population, there are around 30,000 Catholics, which represents around 2% of the population.
History
The history of the Catholic Church in the Gambia is closely linked to Senegal. In 1445 Portuguese arrived on the coast of West Africa with the first attempts of Evangelism. From the ecclesiastical point of view, only in 1931 was born the mission of the Gambia, entrusted to the Congregation of the Holy Spirit, detached from the Apostolic vicariate of Senegambia. In 1951 was erected the Apostolic Prefecture of Bathurst (now Banjul), which became a diocese in 1957 immediately subject to Holy See. In 1992 Pope John Paul II visited Gambia and gave further impetus to the interest in Christian-Muslim relations within the Catholic community. The Pope stressed the importance of the good relations existing between the two. They stated “we are all pilgrims on the path of seeking to do God's will in everything. Although we differ in many ways, there are important elements of our respective faiths which can serve as a basis for fruitful dialogue and a strengthening of the spirit of tolerance and mutual help”. They met with leaders of the Muslim community, and Muslims were present at the Mass they celebrated at the Independence Stadium while in the Gambia.
Organization and institutions
In 2008 the Catholic Church is present in the territory with the sole Diocese of Banjul, immediately subject to the Holy See.
At the end of 2004 the Catholic Church of The Gambia counted:
56 parishes
26 priests
42 religious sisters
57 schools
9 charities.
The Catholic population amounted to 34,400 Christians, equal to 2.10% of the population.
The episcopate of the Gambia is part of the Catholic Church in Inter-territorial Catholic Bishops' Conference of The Gambia and Sierra Leone.
See also
Apostolic Nunciature to Gambia
Bibliography
Guide of the Catholic missions in 2005, by the Congregation for the evangelizatione gentium, Rome, Urban University Press, 2005.
References
External links
http://www.gcatholic.org/dioceses/country/GM.htm
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/country/gm.html
Gambia
Mission Ranch is a historic hotel and restaurant in Carmel-by-the-Sea, Monterey County, California, United States. It is located south of downtown Carmel, near the Carmel Mission, at 26270 Dolores Street. The property was bought in 1986 by Clint Eastwood, who restored the premises in the style of the original buildings. The Mission Ranch includes with views of Point Lobos, Carmel River Beach and the Pacific Ocean. The Hotel has 31 rooms located within ten buildings on the property.
History
The Mission Ranch once included and was owned by Juan Romero, a native American. In 1852, Romero deeded the property to William J. Curtis, a Monterey storekeeper, for $300 (). Curtis sold the property to Lafayette F., and Annie Loveland in 1856. William Martin of Scotland arrived in Monterey in 1856 by ship with their family. Their son, John Martin, bought land around the Carmel River from Loveland in 1859. They built the Martin Ranch on that went as far as the Carmel River to the homes along Carmel Point. The ranch became known as the Mission Ranch because it was so close to the Carmel Mission. They farmed potatoes and barley and had a milk dairy. The property became one of the first of the early California dairies. The creamery, which supplied the county with cheese and butter, now houses the restaurant. The barns were used for hay and milking. The owner retired from the dairy business in 1917 and put 65 cows up for auction.
Carmel Martin, the youngest of the Martin boys, sold the ranch on August 23, 1929, to millionaire tycoon Willis J. Walker of Pebble Beach, who was chairperson of the Red River Lumber Company. Their father, Thomas B. Walker, was an business magnate who acquired lumber in Minnesota and California and became an art collector.
On September 6, 1931, a rodeo was held at the Mission Ranch, which included bronco and steer riding and roping. In November 1936, Walker refurbished the ranch buildings, adding a wood floor and stage for a dance hall. On January 23, 1937, the Mission Ranch Club opened with a grand opening as a club serving lunch and dinner. In November 1937, the Mission Ranch began providing rooms for visitors.
During World War II, the Mission Ranch operated as an officers' club for the United States Army and United States Navy. It was owned by the Margaret and Bertram Dienelt, who had the ranch for 39 years. The restaurant featured dance bands and a bar. In the 1940s, the Dienelts sold several acres of the ranch to the Carmel Unified School District, which built the Carmel River Elementary School.
Clint Eastwood bought the ranch in 1986, rescuing it from a condominium development. They restored the property in the style of the original buildings. Buildings on the property reflect the architectural period of the 1850s, that includes the restaurant and dance barn and the century old Martin farmhouse and bunkhouse.
In the 1959 movie A Summer Place, with characters Ken Jorgenson (Richard Egan) and Sylvia (Dorothy McGuire) have a beach house, which was filmed at the Clinton Walker House with scenes filmed at a cottage located at Mission Ranch Hotel and Restaurant.
Today
The Mission Ranch has a venue for weddings, corporate dinners, and special events. The property has an open meadow land that is home to sheep that live at the ranch. The Mission Ranch Tennis and Fitness Club is a private club for Mission Ranch members, and for the hotel guests of Mission Ranch and the Homestead.
References
External links
Mission Ranch
Carmel-by-the-Sea, California
Hotels in California
1852 establishments in California
The Church of Saint Louis of France, located in the historic district of Seville, Spain, represents an example of Baroque architecture in the 18th century. The church was designed by the architect Leonardo of Figueroa and constructed between 1699 and 1730 on behalf of the Society of Jesus. Following the expulsion of the Jesuits from Spain in 1835, it had different uses and was eventually deconsecrated. The building currently belongs to the .
History
The Society of Jesus arrived in Seville in 1554 and constructed a church, a professed house and a novitiate. Of these, only the has been preserved.
At the beginning of the seventeenth century, Lucia de Medina donated land for a new, larger building and a new church with the conditions that they would be buried in the chapel and that the church be dedicated to their patron saint, Saint Louis (Louis IX of France, medieval king and first brother of King Ferdinand III of Castile and León, who reconquered Seville.)
Another factor that influenced the dedication to Saint Louis was that the Jesuits wanted to build a relationship with the Spanish monarchy, especially with the new French dynasty that started with Phillip V, and thus avoid being expelled. Representations within the church of the crown (an attribute of kings) and the fleur de lis (a symbol of the House of Bourbon, also represented on the Spanish coat of arms), emphasize the link between the monarchs and the Catholic church.
By 1609, the novitiate had already been moved. Construction of the church began in 1699 and ended in 1730. In 1731, archbishop inaugurated the building as Church Saint Louis of France.
The Jesuits abandoned the church in 1767 as a result of the Royal Order of Carlos III that expelled the Jesuits from Spain. Although they returned in 1817, the expulsion of 1835 forced them to abandon the complex altogether.
Since that time, the novitiate has had various uses: seminary, Franciscan convent, hospital for venerated priests, a factory, and a hospice. The church remained closed and not used for worship for many years.
Unlike many other churches in Seville, Saint Louis was saved from destruction by the fires of 1936. Because of this, and its period of disuse, many parts of the original design have been preserved.
Currently, the church belongs to the . This institution has provided for the restoration of the monument since 1984. It has worked with the Seville Endesa Foundation to provide the artistic lighting of the church, domestic chapel and crypt. On September 6, 2016, the most recent renovations were inaugurated, opening the buildings and art works for public viewing.
Architecture
Orientation
The church is oriented along the analemma, or route of the Sun in the sky, in a manner such that the altar to the west receives an abundance of light, especially in spring. The main door faces the east, towards the rising sun. The altar of Saint Stanislaus Kostka, to the north, and the altar of Saint Francis Borgia, to the south, receive light the celebratory day of each saint.
Exterior
The facade consists of two levels, each decorated as a reredo. The levels alternate between stone and brick construction. The façade is flanked by two octagonal towers. The second level includes five windows, with the center window framed by Solomonic columns. Above the central window, the Spanish coat of arms is crowned with three archangels. The façade does not accurately represent the shape nor size of the church. The Jesuits had planned to include a plaza in front of the church so that the full dome and façade could be seen, but the plaza was never constructed.
Interior
The floor plan forms a Greek cross, capped by a cupola. Sixteen Solomonic columns (eight full columns and eight half columns) appear to support the weight of the cupola. The cupola is actually supported by four recessed stone pillars that form the interior chapels. Four smaller altarpieces form part of the disguise for the pillars, which also includes four balconies and four latticeworks. Of the sixteen Solomonic columns, only the two half columns of the main altar are original. The remaining belong to the 2016 restoration. The stone pillars are covered with stucco but remain unpainted.
The second level includes a platform with eight semi-circular arches and a set of balconies with lattices on the supporting pillars.
Below the choir, the paintings above the main door of the church are dedicated to Saint Ignatius of Loyola. These are works of Domingo Martinez, painted circa 1743. In the scene, Saint Ignatius appears above the temple of divine wisdom, represented as a triumphal arch that holds the book of Spiritual Exercises.
The sides of the entrance employ two allegorical murals defending the Jesuits against detractors. The murals use two papal bulls (regimini militantis Ecclesiae and ad sacram) that authorized and validated the Jesuits and the Spiritual Exercises. In the painting on the right can be seen a mythological theme. "The figures of the three graces are dressed, bearing horns of abundance and are identified by their names: Aglaea (joy), Thalia (obedience and comedy), and Euphrosyne (delight). They preserve Seneca's interpretation, as a triple image of liberality: giving, accepting and returning benefits or gifts."
Saint Louis is a novitiate, a place that serves to educate and thus is replete with symbols with multiple meanings. Above the door can be read, “This is the door of God, the righteous enter through it.” The church serves as a probationary house, where guests and delegations live closed off to communications with the outside world.
Theatrical repetition is a technique used by the architect. In some instances, it can be repetition by through symmetry, such as two equal parts divided by an axis. In other instances, is reiteration of a single element, as with the four representations of Saint Ignatius. The eight-pointed star is found in many places. The fleur de lis, the spiral, the Solomonic columns, and the saints are all repeated throughout the church and chapel.
The altarpieces are full of convex Venetian mirrors, made of tin and mercury. The mirrors serve to reflect light, sending it to other points. This multiplies the effect of the light, as well as deforms and enlarges reality. Further, the mirrors call upon the motto “speculum sine macula”, attributed to the Virgin Mary. Within Saint Louis exist constant reminders of the perishable world, as seen in the eight skulls.
Cupola
Entering the temple from the main doors, visitors can look directly up into the dome with its large windows, offering an abundance of light. On the dome interior opposite the entrance a representation of Religio can be seen. The figure is flanked by a cross on the right and a palm leaf on the left - both symbols relating to the Christ figure.
The frescos around Religio, painted by Lucas de Valdés, include symbols from both the old and new testaments, including a menorah, the Altar of Incense, the Ark of the Covenant and the Eucharist.
The pillars supporting the dome represent eight virtues, as related to the Beatitudes.
Starting from the figure of Religio and moving clockwise, they are:
CHARITAS PROXIMI - Love of Neighbor; Blessed are the merciful.
CASTITAS - Chastity; Blessed are the pure of heart.
ORATIO - Prayer; Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness.
HUMILITAS - Humility; Blessed are those who suffer persecution.
MORTIFICATO - Mortification; Blessed are those who mourn.
OBIENTIA - Obedience; Blessed are the meek.
PAUPERTAS - Poverty; Blessed are the poor in spirit.
CHARITAS DEI - Love of God; Blessed are the peacemakers.
See also
List of Jesuit sites
References
Content in this English version is based on the existing Spanish Wikipedia article at: Iglesia de San Luis de los Franceses (Sevilla); see its history for attribution.
Buildings and structures in Seville
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1730
Baroque architecture in Seville
Former churches in Spain
Craigievar and Darnick is an historic double villa in Kinnoull, Perth and Kinross, Scotland. Located on Kinnoull Terrace, it is a Category B listed building, built around 1870. The work of architect Andrew Heiton, who lived at the property upon its completion, it is one of five listed properties on the street, denoted by Historic Environment Scotland as items of special interest. Several of the properties appear on maps of Perth from the 1860s.
The villa remained in the Heiton family until 1927, when Andrew Granger Heiton's widow, Catherine, sold it.
References
19th-century establishments in Scotland
Listed buildings in Kinnoull, Perth and Kinross
Category B listed buildings in Perth and Kinross
The Cobbs and Mitchell Building is an office building located at 100 East Chapin Street in Cadillac, Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1980. and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
Background
George A. Mitchell, the youngest son of Congressman William Mitchell, arrived in the Cadillac area in 1869, exploring the proposed route of the Grand Rapids and Indiana Railroad. Mitchell was particularly interested in the area near Clam Lake (now Lake Cadillac). In 1871, they returned to the area and platted a village on the shore of the lake, and by January 1872 the village had 300 inhabitants. Mitchell was able to induce many influential business people and lumbermen to settle in their new community, including their nephew William W. Mitchell; John R. Yale, who opened the Pioneer Sawmill in June 1871; and Jonathon W. Cobbs.
Cobbs was born in Westville, Ohio in 1828, the son of Joseph and Tacy Cobbs. They learned their father's trade of woodworking, then moved to Butlerville, Indiana to operate a sawmill. There in 1855 they married Nancy J. Preble; the couple had three daughters: Tacy, Fauna, and Isabelle, and adopted a son, Frank. Cobbs eventually owned three sawmills in Indiana, but decided that the Cadillac area held more promise; they moved there in 1874 and purchased the Pioneer Sawmill from John R. Yale. In 1877, they took on William W. Mitchell as a partner.
William W. Mitchell was born in 1854 in Hillsdale, Michigan, the third son of Charles T. Mitchell. They went to school at Hillsdale College, and in 1873 followed their uncle George to Cadillac. There they married Ella Yost; the couple had two children, Charles T. and Marie. They worked for their uncle for a few years, and in 1877 entered into a partnership with Jonathon W. Cobbs, marking the beginning of the firm of Cobbs & Mitchell. Cobbs & Mitchell was among the largest lumbering firms in Michigan, supplying hardwood flooring and other products to consumers. At its high point, Cobbs & Mitchell used 100,000 feet of raw lumber daily.
Jonathon W. Cobbs remained active in the business until approximately 1895, when they fell ill and turned over their duties to their son Frank. Jonathon W. Cobbs died in 1898. William W. Mitchell continued on as president of the firm; they also formed Mitchell Brothers with their brother, Austin W. Mitchell, to make flooring.
Building history
In 1905, Cobbs & Mitchell hired George D. Mason of Detroit to design this brick and limestone building as a showplace for their products. The building was completed in 1907, and served as the headquarters and sales offices of Cobbs & Mitchell and of Mitchell Brothers Company, with space leased to other lumbering interests and local firms. In 1938, the State Highway Department (now the Michigan Department of Transportation) purchased the building; they used it as a headquarters for planning expansion of roadways in the northern Michigan area.
The Michigan Department of Transportation used the building until 2008. In 2010, it was acquired by the city of Cadillac, which intended to promote the reuse of the property by the private sector. Later in the year, the city sold the building to Michilake Corporation, a private developer. The building has been refinished.
In April 2017, philanthropist, real estate developer and investor, Robb Munger became the owner of the Cobbs and Mitchell historical building. Robb Munger has restored and updated the historical landmark including preserving the vintage woodwork, creating a handicap access (including an elevator) and replacing the old boiler system with a modern HVAC system that will better preserve the historical landmark. Robb Munger opened the building on July 3rd, 2018 to the public for an open house and to celebrate its renovation.
Description
The Cobbs & Mitchell Building is a single story Classical Revival structure built of brick and limestone with a hip roof. It is three bays wide, with a grand center entryway decorated by decorative garland molds. Limestone forms the base of the building, rising eight feet from grade level.
The interior contains in a main floor, basement level, and unfinished attic. The building is finished throughout using nine varieties of wood native to Michigan: elm, white maple, bird's-eye maple, sap birch, red birch, curly red birch, red beech, red oak and hemlock. The original marble fireplaces, radiators, and wallpaper are intact.
References
Office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Michigan
Neoclassical architecture in Michigan
Buildings and structures in Wexford County, Michigan
Michigan State Historic Sites
National Register of Historic Places in Wexford County, Michigan
Office buildings completed in 1905
1905 establishments in Michigan
Radio City
Radio City is a commercial radio station in Bulgaria aimed at young people. The format of Radio City is CHR, playing the biggest current hits from popular music genres (Pop, R&B, Dance etc.).
History
Radio City was founded in 1998 as an association between Kamen Spasov and Jonas Siljemark. Radio City began broadcasting in February 2001, first in the capital Sofia at 99.7 MHz and later in Plovdiv, Varna, Stara Zagora, Blagoevgrad and Kyustendil. In 2007 it won a license for Lovech. From August 19, 2008 Radio City broadcasts in Ruse (until 3 September 2010) and Veliko Tarnovo (until 24 May 2010). Radio City program is also transmitted via cable and satellite operators in Bulgaria. In 2005 the media created and began broadcasting a music television channel called City TV (Bulgaria).
Frequencies
Sofia - 99.70 MHz
Plovdiv - 91.1 MHz
Varna - 98.6 MHz
Stara Zagora - 96.8 MHz
Blagoevgrad - 95.0 MHz
Kyustendil - 88.5 MHz
Lovech - 87.6 MHz
Pazardzhik - 96.4 MHz
Balchik-Kaliakra 89.0 MHz
Via Satellite
Satellite: Intelsat 12
Position: 45 East,
Frequency: 11.632 GHz,
Polarization: Vertical,
Symbol rate: 20.000 Mbit/s,
FEC: 3/4
SID:11,
APID:62
Online
https://web.archive.org/web/20070917090645/http://radio.city.bg/
External links
Communicorp corporate website
Radio stations in Bulgaria
Radio stations established in 1998
Mass media in Sofia
Kinetic Inhibitors are a new and evolving technology of a class of Low Dosage Hydrate Inhibitors (LDHI) that are polymers and copolymers (or a mix thereof). The most common of which is polyvinylcaprolactam (PVCap). These inhibitors are primarily utilized to retard the formation of clathrate hydrates. This problem becomes most prominent in flow lines when hydrocarbons and water flow through a line. The pressure and cold temperatures that could be exposed to the flow lines provides an environment in which clathrate hydrates can form and plug up the flow line. The inhibitors generally slow the formation of the hydrates enough so the fluid reaches storage without causing blockage.
Structure
There may be variations on the types and structure of the polymer used as the inhibitor. However, in general, while the gas hydrate is forming, the cavity where the hydrocarbon usually resides. Instead, the alkyl group penetrates the cavity followed by the carbonyl group of the amide group hydrogen bonding to the surface of the hydrate, thus preventing the formation of hydrates.
Uses
These inhibitors chemically retard the formation of clathrate hydrates. Dosage of such inhibitors in the fluid is usually .3% to .5% by weight of the fluid, compared to 10% to 50% by weight for thermodynamic inhibitors for prevention of clathrate formation. Due to this and other factors, kinetic inhibitors are more cost effective than thermodynamic inhibitors. However, if the fluid is in a static environment (i.e. packer fluid), kinetic inhibitors will have limited effect as hydrates will still form over sufficient time. At this point the only viable option is thermodynamic inhibitors.
References
Fluid mechanics
Heterocordylus tibialis is a Palearctic species of true bug
References
Miridae
Hemiptera of Europe
Insects described in 1949
Guacio is a barrio in the municipality of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 640.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Guacio barrio was 562.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Guacio barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico
Himanshu Dinesh Jain (born 6 September 1991) is an Indian professional snooker player.
Jain turned professional in 2022 after as one of two semi-finalists from the Q School Asia & Oceania event 2 a two-year tour card for the 2022–23 and 2023–24 snooker seasons.
Performance and rankings timeline
References
External links
Himanshu Dinesh Jain at wst.tv
Indian snooker players
1991 births
Living people
Boxerwood Nature Center and Woodland Garden is a arboretum featuring both native and unusual plant specimens, located within a larger preserve at 963 Ross Road near Lexington in Rockbridge County, Virginia, United States in the Shenandoah Valley. Established as a private garden in 1952, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2015.
The Arboretum contains thousands of labeled trees and shrubs, including 1,300 cultivars, with fine collections of dwarf conifers, magnolias, dogwoods, rhododendrons, azaleas and Japanese maples.
Examples of its collection include: 163 varieties of Acer palmatum (Japanese Maple), Abies nebrodensis (Sicilian Fir), Acer buergerianum (Trident maple), Acer griseum (Paperbark Maple), Acer pensylvanicum (Striped maple), Aesculus parviflora (Bottlebrush Buckeye), Aesculus pavia (Red Buckeye), Aesculus x carnea 'Briottii' (Red Horsechestnut), Chaemaecyparis obtusa (Hinoki Falsecypress), Chionanthus virginicus (White Fringetree), Cladrastis kentuckea (American Yellowwood), Cryptomeria japonica (Japanese Cedar), Halesia tetraptera (Carolina Silverbell), Ilex verticillata (Winterberry), Liquidunbar styraciflua 'Corky' (Corky Sweetgum), Malus 'Red Jade' (Red Jade Crabapple), Picea omorika 'Pendula''' (Weeping Serbian Spruce), Syringa reticulata (Japanese Tree Lilac), Taxodium distichum (Baldcypress), Taxus species (Yews), Thuja occidntalis (American Arborvitae), and Viburnum prunifolium'' (Blackhaw viburnum).
Boxerwood Nature Center has a PlayTrail, a nature playground designed especially for young children. Kids can run through the plant tunnels, float leaves down the mini creek, make pies in the mud kitchen, climb tiny house mountain and more. The rules include "make noise," "touch anything," "get dirty," and "have fun". There is also a Fairy Forest where children can build their own fairy structures, and a wetland walk where visitors can cross the zigzag bridge over the garden wetlands. In fall 2016, a pollinator garden was added to the gardens.
See also
List of botanical gardens in the United States
National Register of Historic Places listings in Rockbridge County, Virginia
References
External links
Boxerwood Nature Center - official site
Arboreta in Virginia
Botanical gardens in Virginia
Nature centers in Virginia
Parks on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Rockbridge County, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Rockbridge County, Virginia
Woodland gardens
The 1989–90 SM-liiga season was the 15th season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 12 teams participated in the league, and TPS Turku won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
JyP HT - Tappara 1:2 (8:1, 3:4, 1:5)
HIFK - KalPa 0:2 (3:4, 0:4)
Semifinals
TPS - KalPa 3:0 (3:1, 6:5 P, 5:1)
Ilves - Tappara 3:0 (5:4, 5:4, 6:3)
3rd place
Tappara - KalPa 5:3
Final
TPS - Ilves 4:2 (1:4, 4:1, 2:3, 7:0, 5:3, 6:3)
Relegation
KooKoo - Hockey-Reipas 1:3 (4:1, 2:8, 6:7, 1:6)
Ässät Pori - JoKP 3:0 (3:2, 5:4, 9:4)
External links
SM-liiga official website
1989–90 in Finnish ice hockey
Fin
Liiga seasons
The ivory-breasted pitta (Pitta maxima) is a species of bird in the family Pittidae. It is endemic to North Maluku in Indonesia, known as Paok halmahera. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Subspecies
Two subspecies are recognized:
Pitta maxima maxima – : It is the nominate subspecies, found on the islands of Halmahera, Bacan, Kasiruta, Obi, and possibly Mandioli.
Pitta maxima morotaiensis – : Found on the island of Morotai.
References
ivory-breasted pitta
Birds of the Maluku Islands
ivory-breasted pitta
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tehang is a large village in Phillaur tehsil of Jalandhar District of Punjab State, India. The village is administrated by Sarpanch who is the elected representative of village and it is located 3.2 km away from Nagar, 8.5 km from census town Apra, 43.5 km from Jalandhar and 120 km from state capital Chandigarh. Tehang has postal head office in tehang which is 7.4 km away from the village.
Caste
The village has schedule caste (SC) constitutes 58.51% of total population of the village and it doesn't have any Schedule Tribe (ST) population.
Education
The village has a Punjabi Medium, Co-educational Upper Primary with Secondary/Higher Secondary (GMS Tehand School). The school provide mid-day meal as per Indian Midday Meal Scheme and the meal prepared in school premises. The school was founded in 1968.
Transport
Rail
Phillaur Junction is the nearest train station however, Goraya Railway Station is 12 km away from the village.
Air
The nearest domestic airport is located 40 km away in Ludhiana and the nearest international airport is located in Chandigarh also Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is the second nearest airport which is 138 km away in Amritsar.
References
Villages in Jalandhar district
Villages in Phillaur tehsil
Thomas Fellowes may refer to:
Thomas Fellowes (Royal Navy officer, born 1827) (1827–1923)
Thomas Fellowes (Royal Navy officer, born 1778) (1778–1853)
See also
Thomas Fellows (disambiguation)
Newtown & Chilwell Sporting Club, nicknamed the Eagles, is an Australian rules football and netball club based in the inner western suburb of Newtown, Victoria.
The club teams currently compete in the regional Geelong Football Netball League, playing their home games at Elderslie Reserve.
History
Chilwell Football Club (formed 1874) and Newtown Football Club (formed 1874/1875) were affiliated with the following leagues:
Geelong District Football Association (GDFA), 1879–1918
Geelong District Football League (GDFL), 1919–1921
Geelong Junior Football Association (GJFA), 1922–1932
Geelong District Football League (GDFL), 1933
In 1933 the Newtown Football Club and the Chilwell Football Club merged to form the Newtown & Chilwell Football Club. The merger of two of Geelong's oldest clubs was because Newtown had difficulty getting players so they looked to their neighboring club, Chilwell. The club also has a historical link to the Barwon Football Club, which at its peak in the mid-1870s was one of the strongest clubs in Victoria, before it merged into Chilwell in 1879.
When the league was formed in 1979 the Eagles were one of the 10 clubs that broke away from the Geelong & District Football League. The city and country clubs of the old GDFL were divided into the major league competition of the GFL and the minor league GDFL.
VFL/AFL players
Bert Rankin -
Noel Rayson - ,
Cliff Rankin -
Brendan McCartney (coach) -
Will Schofield -
Hugh Strahan -
Stephen Lunn -
Basil Flynn -
Tanner Bruhn -
Bibliography
References
External links
Teamapp website
SportsTG website
Geelong Football League clubs
1933 establishments in Australia
Geelong & District Football League clubs
Sport clubs established in 1933
Australian rules football clubs established in 1933
Netball teams in Victoria (Australia)
This is a list of Trinity College, Kandy alumni , located in Sri Lanka.
Politicians
Lakshman Kadirgamar – former Sri Lankan Foreign minister
Theodore Braybrooke Panabokke – High Commissioner to New Delhi, India
Sarath Amunugama – Sri Lankan Cabinet Minister (Min. of Public Administration and Home Affairs), Minister
Lionel Gamini Dissanayake PC – presidential candidate, United National Party; Leader of the Opposition, Minister of Lands, Land Development and Mahaweli Development
Kabir Hashim – Former cabinet minister and MP for Kegalle
Edwin Loku Banda Hurulle – Former Cabinet Minister of Communications and Cultural Affairs
Lakshman Jayakody – Former Cabinet Minister for Religious Affairs
Sir Tikiri Bandara Panabokke – Ceylonese Cabinet Minister and Member of the Legislative Council
Anuruddha Ratwatte – former Minister of Power and Energy and Deputy Minister of Defence
Edward Lionel Senanayake – Speaker of the Parliament of Sri Lanka
Hector Kobbekaduwa - Former cabinet minister and Presidential candidate
Tissa Vitharana – Former Cabinet minister and the leader of Lanka Sama Samaja Party (LSSP)
Batty Weerakoon – Former Cabinet minister and the leader of Lanka Sama Samaja Party (LSSP)
Tissa Balalla – Former MP for Kurunegala & Governor of North Western Province
Barnes Ratwatte Dissawe -Member of the State Council and the Senate of Ceylon. (Father of Sirimavo_Bandaranaike)
Lohan Ratwatte - MP for Kandy District
Shelton Ranaraja - Former MP for Senkadagala & Deputy Minister of Justice
P. C. Imbulana- Former MP for Ruwanwella, Minister of labour & Governor of Central Province
Shanakiya Rasamanickam - Member of Parliament - Batticaloa District (TNA)
Civil servants
Mayors
Sir Cuda Ratwatte – first Kandyan Knight; first Mayor of Kandy
Fredrick de Silva – former Mayor of Kandy
Mahendra Ratwatte – former Mayor of Kandy
Kesera Senanayake - Mayor of Kandy
Missionaries
Arts
Judiciary
Military
Sri Lanka Army
Indian Army
Police
Sports
Academics
Commerce
References
Trinity College, Kandy alumni
Rubik's Puzzle World, known as Rubik's World in North America, is a puzzle video game for the Wii and Nintendo DS platforms developed by Two Tribes and published by The Game Factory. The video game features the famous Rubik's Cube, originally designed by the Hungarian inventor Ernő Rubik. The game contains the likeness of the cube as well as a playable version of the Rubik's Cube, as well as multiple puzzle game modes involving the Cube's constituent parts, known as "Cubies".
Gameplay
Rubik's Puzzle World features multiple game modes, which capitalize on the Wii and Nintendo DS' pointer-based motion controls and differ across the two platforms:
Rubik's Cube: Players can learn how to solve any of three Rubik's Cubes of differing size, then use interactive controls to manipulate a virtual replica of one, racing against time to either solve it or reproduce as many configurations of the cube as possible with increasing complexity.
Guide/Roll/Color: The player must place signs on a board that can help safely guide single file lines of Cubies to like-colored receptacles, similar to ChuChu Rocket. The Nintendo DS version replaces this mode, known as "Guide", with two different variants: a "Roll" mode where players must manually and individually guide cubes to receptacles on a board and a "Color" mode in which the player must strategically color the sides of Cubies before rolling them to goal receptacles.
Fit: The player must position Cubies behind holes of a series of advancing walls, taking care to not let any wall hit a Cubie, similar to the game show Human Tetris. The Wii version factors in gravity and the ability to alter the shape and size of Cubies, while the DS version has the player manipulating a group of Cubies, moving them around to help the group fit into the holes in the wall while maintaining an unbroken shape.
Switch: The player must strategically swap one particular Cubie with another such that at least five Cubies of like colors are connected to each other so that they can be freed, similar to Puzzle League. The Wii version has a multi-level puzzle campaign for this mode, while the DS version implements this as a procedurally generated endless survival arcade game.
View: (Wii exclusive) The player is challenged to use a limited supply of certain Cubies to build a structure that simultaneously matches certain images from certain points of view.
Deconstruct: (Wii exclusive) The player aims and fires white Cubies at a structure to knock down cool-colored Cubies and score enough points to clear each level, while avoiding warm-colored ones, utilizing physics similar to Boom Blox.
Calculate: (DS exclusive) The player races to solve pairs of two simple math problems to place Cubies on a 10x10 grid to build a bigger image as fast as possible.
Each mode that features a multi-level campaign contains 40 levels to play across two difficulty tiers (except the Wii version's Fit mode, which has only 30 levels), with several tutorial levels. As players clear more puzzle levels in each mode's campaign, the titular Rubik's World seen in the main menu screen will start to gain more and more color. Both version also have two creative game modes, Create and Compose, in which the player uses Cubies to freely design their own 3-D structures or tunes respectively, which go on to influence the game's interface in particular ways. Some modes in the Wii version support the Nunchuk and utilize its analog stick for camera control. Some modes can also be played against up to three other players.
Follow-up games
Some of the game modes in Rubik's World have been used later in another Two Tribes release, Rubik's Puzzle Galaxy: Rush (Wiiware). In 2010, Two Tribes released a PC follow-up simply titled Rush on Steam.
References
External links
2008 video games
Multiplayer hotseat games
Nintendo DS games
Puzzle video games
Rubik's Cube
Video games developed in the Netherlands
Wii games
The Game Factory games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Huang Hong-cheng（） is a Taiwanese performance artist, a social activist and a perennial candidate in Taiwanese elections. Born Huang Hong-cheng（）, they have been well-known for renaming themselves multiple times.  They are currently known as (). They once had the longest name among Taiwanese, but the record was broken in June 2020.
Since 2010, they have run in Taiwanese elections, but has yet to be elected to office.
References
Living people
1968 births
Taiwanese performance artists
Taiwanese activists
Soochow University (Taiwan) alumni
Mongolia competed at the 2019 World Athletics Championships in Doha, Qatar from 27 September to 6 October 2019.
Results
Men
Track and road events
Women
Track and road events
References
Mongolia
World Championships in Athletics
2019
Granotoma albrechti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
Description
The length of the shell varies between 6 mm and 11.5 mm.
Distribution
This species occurs in the Bering Sea, the Arctic and the Sea of Japan.
References
Krause, A. (1885). Ein Beitrag zur kenntnis der Molluskenfauna des Beringsmeres. II. Gastropods und Pteropoda. Archiv für Naturgeschichte. 51(1): 256–302, pls 16-18
External links
Tucker, J.K. 2004 Catalog of recent and fossil turrids (Mollusca: Gastropoda). Zootaxa 682:1-1295.
Gulbin, Vladimir V. "Review of the Shell-bearing Gastropods in the Russian Waters of the East Sea (Sea of Japan). III. Caenogastropoda: Neogastropoda." The Korean Journal of Malacology 25.1 (2009): 51-70.
albrechti
Gastropods described in 1885
Adrian Sebastian Fleming (December 6, 1872 – December 1, 1940) was a United States Army officer in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. They served in the Philippine–American War and World War I, and they received the Distinguished Service Medal among several other awards.
Biography
Fleming was born on December 6, 1872, in Midway, Kentucky. Their family was of Scottish descent, had arrived in the Americas in the mid-1700s, and fought for the United States during the American Revolutionary War. Fleming graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1895 and was commissioned into the Fifth Artillery.
Fleming went to the Philippines in 1898 with the Sixth Artillery. They received two Silver Stars there and was wounded. After serving on recruiting duty in Lexington, Kentucky, they went to California after their promotion to captain in 1901. Fleming attended the School of Submarine Defense at Fort Totten in 1905, and be subsequently assumed command of the 15th Field Artillery Battery. Fleming served as the commandant of the Artillery School from September 26, 1917, to May 11, 1918.
After their promotion to brigadier general on April 12, 1918, Fleming assumed command of the 158th Field Artillery Brigade at Camp Sherman, Ohio, which they took to France later that year because of World War I. They participated in combat during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive, and they received the Distinguished Service Medal for their efforts there, as well as two oak leaf clusters and the Legion of Honour. Fleming temporarily commanded the 32nd Infantry Division's Artillery in October 1918. In command of their own brigade again, Fleming supported the 17th French Army at the Battle of Verdun, and after rejoining the 32nd Infantry, they took part in the occupation of Germany until July 1919.
After returning to the U.S., Fleming reverted to their permanent rank of colonel. They graduated from the United States Army War College during this time, and starting on August 25, 1920, they briefly are part of the General Staff Corps in Washington, D.C. Because of physical disability, Fleming retired from the army on June 17, 1921, as a colonel, though Congress restored their brigadier general rank in 1930. During their retirement, they lived in Portland, Oregon, and served as the vice president of several paper mill companies. They died on December 1, 1940, in Oregon.
Personal life
Fleming married Mabel V. Gassen on June 17, 1902. They were a Presbyterian.
References
Bibliography
1872 births
1940 deaths
People from Midway, Kentucky
Military personnel from Portland, Oregon
United States Army generals of World War I
United States Army generals
Recipients of the Silver Star
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
United States Military Academy alumni
United States Army War College alumni
United States Army Field Artillery Branch personnel
Vanamõisa may refer to several places in Estonia:
Vanamõisa, Kose Parish, village in Kose Parish, Harju County
Vanamõisa, Saue Parish, village in Saue Parish, Harju County
Vanamõisa, Hiiu County, village in Hiiumaa Parish, Hiiu County
Vanamõisa, Jõgeva County, village in Jõgeva Parish, Jõgeva County
Vanamõisa, Lääne-Viru County, village in Haljala Parish, Lääne-Viru County
Vanamõisa, Pärnu County, village in Lääneranna Parish, Pärnu County
Vanamõisa, Põlva County, village in Põlva Parish, Põlva County
Vanamõisa, Muhu Parish, village in Muhu Parish, Saare County
Vanamõisa, Saaremaa Parish, village in Saaremaa Parish, Saare County
Vanamõisa, Valga County, village in Tõrva Parish, Valga County
Vanamõisa, Viljandi County, village in Viljandi Parish, Viljandi County
Vanamõisa, Võru County, village in Rõuge Parish, Võru County
Valgu-Vanamõisa (known as Vanamõisa before 2017), village in Märjamaa Parish, Rapla County
Vigala-Vanamõisa (known as Vanamõisa before 2017), village in Märjamaa Parish, Rapla County
The Hobart Masonic Hall is a historic building located in the village of Hobart in Delaware County, New York, United States. It was originally constructed in 1889 as a meeting hall for St. Andrew's Lodge No. 289.
That lodge is a local Masonic Lodge that no longer exists).
The building is a -story wood-frame building on a rubble stone foundation in the Stick-Eastlake style. The building is rectangular in shape with a small cross gable wing on the west elevation.
Currently the building houses a local history museum, operated by the Hobart Historical Society.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Delaware County, New York
References
External links
Hobart Historical Society
National Register of Historic Places in Delaware County, New York
Former Masonic buildings in New York (state)
History museums in New York (state)
Historical society museums in New York (state)
Museums in Delaware County, New York
Queen Anne architecture in New York (state)
Masonic buildings completed in 1889
Top Sergeant Mulligan is a 1941 American comedy film directed by Jean Yarbrough and written by Edmond Kelso. The film stars Nat Pendleton, Carol Hughes, Sterling Holloway, Marjorie Reynolds, Tom Neal, Frank Faylen and Charlie Hall. The film was released on October 17, 1941, by Monogram Pictures.
Plot
Pat and Budd are sick of being harassed and running away from bill collector Herman Mulligan, so they decide to enlist in the army. All seems good until they arrive at the bootcamp and discover that their platoon's Top Sergeant is Herman Mulligan. Mulligan takes advantage of this situation and makes their life hard.
Cast
Nat Pendleton as Top Sergeant Herman Mulligan
Carol Hughes as Avis
Sterling Holloway as Frank Snark
Marjorie Reynolds as Gail Nash
Tom Neal as Don Lewis
Frank Faylen as Pat Dolan
Charlie Hall as Budd Doolittle
Betty Blythe as Mrs. Lewis
Dick Elliott as Mr. Lewis
Maynard Holmes as Briggs
Wonderful Smith as Wonderful Smith
References
External links
1941 films
1940s English-language films
American comedy films
1941 comedy films
Monogram Pictures films
Films directed by Jean Yarbrough
American black-and-white films
1940s American films
The Office is an Indian television sitcom streaming on Hotstar. It is an adaptation of the original BBC series of the same name, although it follows the American remake more closely. It was co-produced by Applause Entertainment in association with BBC Studios India for Hotstar's new label Hotstar Specials.
Plot
The show is an adaptation of the original British sitcom, based in a branch of Wilkins Chawla. It depicts a 9 to 5 scenario where the boss, Jagdeep Chadda (played by Mukul), desperately tries to keep their employees' morale at an all-time high.  They are an overly familiar boss who tells their employees to consider them one of their pals, but unfortunately their weak jokes and failed attempts at camaraderie fail to impress their colleagues, who are perennially bored. While they encourage them relentlessly, audiences get a peek into this quirky work-space.
Production
Development
In January 2019, Applause Entertainment entered partnership in which they will develop the Indian versions of hit series such as The Office and Criminal Justice.
The Office team set to adapt the entirety of the British version with episode count being 28 for the adaptation.
Casting
By June 2018, the casting for the show got completed with roping the talents for the lead roles with continued casting for recurring and guest roles.
Cast
Mukul Chadda as Jagdeep Chadda, branch manager (based on Michael Scott). The Manager of Wilkins Chawla Faridabad.  They are a self-proclaimed "funjabi" boss who thinks their jokes are mostly funny. They find unique ways to bond with their staff. Their age is 42 and still unmarried. Their love interests are Riya and Geeta.
Gopal Datt as Triveni Prasad Mishra, assistant to the branch manager (based on Dwight Schrute). Triveni Prasad (more commonly referred to as T.P. by their colleagues) is the assistant to the branch manager at Wilkins Chawla Faridabad.  They are an obsequious employee who is often found with Jagdeep Chaddha.  They are a Swadeshi person and often shows their hate towards Western culture by using Ayurvedic products like asafoetida candy, masala cola, and carrom seed tea.  They are the prime target of Amit's pranks.  They are engaged in wrestling at their akhada in Faridabad Sector 3. In the second season, they develop a secret love interest for Anjali.
Sayandeep Sengupta as Amit Sharma, salesperson (based on Jim Halpert). A salesperson at the Wilkins Chawla Faridabad branch. They love to play pranks in the office, especially with T.P., and with Pammi being their partner in crime. Some of their pranks include shifting T.P.'s desk into the gentleman's toilet, selling their office items on online shopping sites, and many more. They have had a crush on Pammi for a long time, but since Pammi was engaged to be married, they had left the thought of Pammi as their crush but they remained friends with them They were in a brief relationship with Loveleen, the Office dietician but broke up with them In Second's last episode before taking a transfer to Wilkins Chawla Gurugram Branch, they open up their heart and feelings to Pammi about them and kisses them
Samridhi Dewan as Pammi Goel, the receptionist (based on Pam Beesley). Pammi is the receptionist at The Wilkins Chawla Faridabad Branch.  They are Amit's partner in playing pranks on T.P.  They are also the source of news in the office.  They are engaged to be married to Parmeet who works in Wilkins Chawla Faridabad branch's warehouse. They wanted to be a graphic designer but left their dreams as Parmeet disapproves it. They consider Amit as their best friend but later even they fall in love with him.
Abhinav Sharma as Sapan Gill, the intern (based on Ryan Howard). Sapan is an intern working in Wilkins Chawla Faridabad branch.  They are often seen with their headphones and always attends high society parties among the Delhi elite.  They are also preparing for the CAT examinations and wants to get into IIM. In the second season, Kitty falls in love with them but they break up with them but soon patches up with them T.P. thinks that Sapan is a spoilt rich brat from Defence Colony.
Gavin N. Methalaka as Kutty, accountant (based on Kevin Malone). Kutty is an accountant working in Wilkins Chawla Faridabad Branch.  They are often seen sitting at the corner of the accountant's corner with a reputation of known closet pervert watching questionable content on their computer.  They are also known for being to themselves while they indulge with food or table games with Rinchin.  They are a big, chubby, and fun-loving guy.
Preeti Kochar as Sarla Bansal, salesperson (based on Phyllis Vance). Sarla is the only salesperson in Wilkins Chawla Faridabad Branch.  They are an expert in knitting and sewing. They always call young employees "putar" ("child" in Punjabi).  They are a calm person but occasionally angry either when Prem Chopra is in the office or when T.P. tries to enter the ladies' washroom. Sarla used to be a kabaddi champion in their childhood days but they aren't included in the Office kabaddi team due to Chadda's sexist policy.
Priyanka Setia as Anjali, accountant (based on Angela Martin). Anjali is the only female accountant in Wilkins Chawla Faridabad Branch.  They are high on Indian values just like T.P. Mishra. They do not participate in any antics of the office like Wilkins Olympics (The Office Olympics), script reading, etc.  They are also the first employee in the office to discover Amit and Pammi's relationship is more than just friendship.  They are always part of various celebration committees and always prepares Sattavic Snacks like Sabudana Vadas and Gondh Laddoos. They also hate Western values just like T.P. Mishra. In the Second Season, They develop a romantic interest with T.P. Mishra.
Sunil Jetley as Saleem Ghiani, salesperson (based on Stanley Hudson). Saleem Ghiani is the seniormost male employee at the Wilkins Chawla Faridabad branch.  They are mostly referred as Saleemji by many colleagues but Chadda refers them as Saleem Sahab.  They are often stereotyped by Chadda as a typical Muslim man who likes biryani and Urdu poems but on the contrary they don't indulge in Urdu poems and hates biryani. They usually don't indulge in many office antics and is irritated by Chadha's actions.
Chien Ho Liao as Rinchin, accountant (based on Oscar Martinez).
Spruha Joshi as Geeta (Chaddha's Broker)
Mallika Dua as Kitty Kataria, customer relations executive (based on Kelly Kapoor) (since season 2).
Recurring
Gauahar Khan as Riya Pahwa (based on Jan Levinson).
Nehpal Gautam as Bhadoria Peon (loosely based on Creed Bratton).
Ankit Gulati as Bhandari, HR executive.
Kunal Pant as Parmeet, Pammi's fiancé (based on Roy).
Mayur Bansiwal as Madhukar, HR (based on Toby Flenderson).
Manpreet Singh as Rajinder, warehouse supervisor (based on Darryl Philbin)
Anandita Pagnis as Loveleen, Amit's girlfriend (based on Amy Adams' character Katy Moore) (Amit broke up with their post-Jim Corbett Office Trip)
Ranvir Shorey as Prem Chopra, traveling salesperson (based on Todd Packer)
Episodes
Season 1 (2019)
Season 2 (2019)
Release
The first season with episode count of 13 was slated to release on June 28, 2019. The second season which was filmed with first season itself was slated to release on September 15, 2019.
Promotion
The trailer was released by Hotstar on various platforms on 4 June 2019. The team engaged mainly in social media promotions as they poised the series towards younger generations. The promotion for Season 2 was started in early September revealing the release date.
Reception
The series received mixed reviews. The show has a rating of 5.6 based on 5.7K ratings on IMDb. Firstpost reviewed it saying, "Good performances, apt casting make Hotstar's lazily-written remake watchable". New Indian Express had a more mixed view, summarizing it as, "Brownie points for accuracy, but magic lost in translation". Raja Sen from Livemint described it as, "decent, not special". Rohan Nahaar from Hindustan Times rated it 2/5 and called it an "unfunny, unnecessary carbon copy of the American classic".
Accolades
References
External links
The Office on Hotstar
Hindi-language Disney+ Hotstar original programming
2019 Indian television series debuts
Indian drama television series
Hindi-language television shows
Indian television series based on British television series
Television shows set in Mumbai
The Office
Television series by BBC Studios
Ridgevalley is a hamlet in northern Alberta, Canada within the Municipal District of Greenview No. 16. It is located southwest of Highway 43, approximately east of Grande Prairie.
Demographics
Ridgevalley recorded a population of 46 in the 1991 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Municipal District of Greenview No. 16
Hamlets in Alberta
Missing Angel Juan is the fourth book in the Dangerous Angels series by Francesca Lia Block. The plot revolves around Witch Baby as they travel to New York City to find their love Angel Juan and bring them back home to Los Angeles. It was adapted for the stage in 1996.
Plot
The story begins with Witch Baby learning that Angel Juan is leaving to go to New York. They want to go and discover who they are when they are not with Witch Baby.  They are left broken-hearted and angry and falls into a depression before deciding to follow Angel Juan to New York.
In New York, Witch Baby stays at the apartment of Weetzie Bat's deceased father, Charlie Bat. They appear to Witch Baby as a ghost and becomes their companion as they search for Angel Juan. In the end, Witch Baby and Angel Juan are reunited, but Angel Juan tells them they need to stay in New York a while longer and they have to return to Los Angeles. Witch Baby understands, because even though they cannot be together at present, they love each other and will be together again someday.
Reception
Kirkus Reviews found that "Block's lyrical interplay of leitmotifs and artful allusions ... continues to be uniquely fascinating and provocative." while Publishers Weekly saw that "This odd and moving novel shares the super-hip aesthetic of its predecessors and avoids, as have all of Block's books, rehashing what has come before it." and "Magic and the rich world of fairy tale are, perhaps more than ever, distinct presences."
References
1995 American novels
American young adult novels
Novels by Francesca Lia Block
Novels set in New York City
Punisher () is a 1968 Soviet drama film directed by .
Plot
The film is set in Greece during the period of the Greek junta. The soldier Vangelis is ordered to take part in the execution of a young communist, after a fellow soldier, Dimitris, refuses. Feeling guilty over their role in the execution, Vangelis tries to confide in their girlfriend Maria, but finds themselves unable to do so. Instead they get into a fight with a drunken passer-by, and flees from a military patrol, taking shelter in a local church, where they confess to the priest. The priest tells Vangelis that they killed many Gestapo men during the Second World War in order to avenge the death of their parents, but was not able to find peace of mind.  They are of the opinion that killing people is a terrible thing.
Vangelis's guilt deepens after time spent with friends, realising that in the event of a future civil war, they would likely find themselves fighting with and killing their friends. At dawn they find Maria and confesses what they have done to them The two reconcile, and after escorting Maria to work, Vangelis allows themselves to be arrested by the patrol for the previous night's fight, but is no longer prepared to submit to unjust orders.  They are placed in the same cell as Dimitris, who was arrested for disobeying the order to join the firing squad. Vangelis asks if the person who was executed was their relative, but Dimitris replies no. Vangelis recognises that Dimitris's principles are the same as those of the priest. Killing is unjust.
Cast
Yevgeny Kindinov
Mariya Vandova
Viktor Sotsky-Voinicescu
Georgiy Burkov
Sergey Shakurov
Sotiros Belevendis
Armen Dzhigarkhanyan
Leonid Kanevsky
Svetlana Orlova
Irina Paikina
References
External links
1968 films
1960s Russian-language films
Soviet drama films
1968 drama films
Toshimichi (written: 平通 or 利通) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
(1830–1878), Japanese samurai
(1923–1966), Japanese noble
Japanese masculine given names
Rivington Bruce Bisland III (born December 12, 1984), better known by their in-game ID Riv, is an American League of Legends and Valorant sports commentator and Player Behavior Specialist for Riot Games. They have had one of the longest careers of a sports commentator in the North American League of Legends Championship Series and has cast in several major international tournaments.
Career
 They are originally from Binghamton, New York and currently resides in Santa Monica, California. They began commentating in early 2000 with eSports TV and WCG, commentating games such as Counter Strike, Gears of War, and StarCraft.
References
1984 births
League of Legends commentators
Living people
People from Santa Monica, California
Riot Games people
Hitler's Folly is a 2016 American mockumentary directed, written, designed and animated by filmmaker Bill Plympton.
Plot
A satirical reimagining of the life and dreams of the Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler. The film explores Hitler's unfulfilled animation career, involving creating a Disneyland-like place called Nazi-land.
Cast
Nate Steinwachs as Adolf Hitler
Dana Ashbrook as Josh
Michael Sullivan as Michael S.
Kristin Samuelson as Gerte, German dancer
Andreas Hykade as concentration camp survivor
Morton Hall Millen as Advertising Executive
David Shakopi as Chief of Police
Kevin Kolack as Head of Forensics
Edie Bales as Eva Braun
Alfred Rosenblatt as Bijou Kino Cinema Owner
Ari Taub as Nazi SS Soldier
James Hancock as Nazi SS Soldier
Bill Plympton as Interviewer
Production
External links
References
"Bill Plympton to Release Satirical Hitler film
Hitler's Folly
2016 films
Cultural depictions of Adolf Hitler
Films directed by Bill Plympton
American mockumentary films
2016 comedy films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Irma Schwager (31 May 1920 - 22 June 2015) was an Austrian-Jewish anti-fascist resistance fighter and politician.
Biography
Schwager was born on 31 May 1920 in Vienna, Austria. Schwager was forced to flee Austria in 1938 to Belgium and again to France in May 1940. After arriving in France, they were sent to Gurs internment camp before joining the French resistance. They were stationed in Paris and convinced German soldiers to turn against the Nazis before traveling to Belgium after the Liberation of Paris in 1944, to help found the Österreichische Freiheitsfront (Austrian Freedom Front). In early 1945, Schwager returned to Austria with their husband Zalel Schwager (1908-1984), a fighter of Spanish Civil War, and their daughter born during the war. They found that their parents and two brothers had been murdered in the Holocaust.
They joined the Communist Party of Austria (KPÖ) after the Second World War and became a politician. They became a member of the central committee in 1953, was a member of the political office of the KPÖ between 1980 and 1990, and was elected honorary chairperson of the party in 2011. Schwager advocated pacifism and protested the use of nuclear power. They were nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize in 2005.
In January 2015, Schwager made a speech in Vienna to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz concentration camp.
Schwager died on 22 June 2015.
References
1920 births
2015 deaths
Female resistance members of World War II
Communist Party of Austria politicians
Austrian communists
Politicians from Vienna
Jewish women politicians
Jews in the French resistance
Gurs internment camp survivors
Communist members of the French Resistance
The Mitchell Bowl is one of the two semifinal bowls of U Sports football, Canada's national competition for university teams that play Canadian football. It is held in the more westerly location of the two semifinal venues. The winner of this game goes on to play against the Uteck Bowl champions for the Vanier Cup. The home of the Mitchell Bowl, as well as the two conference champions, changes each year on a rotating basis. The Mitchell Bowl was named after Douglas H. Mitchell, a former Canadian Football League commissioner and member of the National Hockey League board of governors.
History
In 2001, U Sports, then known as CIS, voted to change the permanent site of the Atlantic Bowl in the interest of competitive fairness.
In 2002, the Mitchell Bowl was first awarded, replacing the Atlantic Bowl.
During 2002, the Mitchell Bowl played opposite to the Churchill Bowl.
In 2003, the Uteck Bowl replaced the Churchill Bowl.
The 2020 game was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
List of Mitchell Bowl champions
Future participants
The teams and host sites of the Mitchell Bowl and the Uteck Bowl rotate on a six-year cycle, so that in each cycle each of the four conferences hosts and visits every other conference once. With the 2020 game cancelled, the cycle was delayed by one year with the 2020 teams playing in 2021.
The participants and sites for future Mitchell Bowl games are listed below:
All Mitchell Bowl games have been played at the home field of the host conference's champion. As of 2021, home teams have a record of 13–6.
Team win–loss records
References
External links
Mitchell Bowl history
U Sports football trophies and awards
Stanisław Grzelak (born 12 May 1920) was a Polish racing cyclist. They won the 1947 edition of the Tour de Pologne.
References
External links
1920 births
Possibly living people
Polish male cyclists
Place of birth missing
Zeyar (, also Romanized as Zeyār) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 50, in 15 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Nathu Singh may refer to:
Nathu Singh (cricketer) (born 1995), Indian cricketer
Nathu Singh Gurjar (born 1951), Indian politician
Nathu Singh Rathore (1900–?), Indian Army officer
A compact tension specimen (CT) is a type of standard notched specimen in accordance with ASTM and ISO standards. Compact tension specimens are used extensively in the area of fracture mechanics and corrosion testing, in order to establish fracture toughness and fatigue crack growth data for a material.
The purpose of using a notched sample is to create a fatigue crack by applying cyclic loading through pins inserted into the holes on the sample using a laboratory fatigue test machine. The fatigue crack will begin on the point of the notch and extend through the sample. The length of the crack is typically monitored by measuring the compliance of the coupon which changes as the crack grows, or direct measurement using an optical microscope to measure the position of the crack tip or indirectly from either extensometer readings of the crack mouth opening or attaching strain gauges to the backface of the coupon.
According to the standards, the constraining dimension of the specimen is the thickness of the material. Compact tension specimens are used for experiments where there is a shortage of material available due to their compact design. For rolled materials the notch should be aligned with the roll direction where the material is weakest. This will allow the user to insure that all results achieved are conservative (worst-case scenario).
Stress intensity factor
The stress intensity factor at the crack tip of a compact tension specimen is
where is the applied load, is the thickness of the specimen, is the crack length, and
is the effective width of the specimen being the distance between the centreline of the holes and the backface of the coupon. The above equation has been fitted using numerical computations for various specimen geometries.
Crack length
The length of the crack is often measured indirectly during testing by calculating the crack length from the compliance of the coupon. The compliance can be determined from either a crack mouth opening displacement (CMOD) gauge or from strain measurements on the back-face of the coupon.
Crack mouth opening displacement
Crack length can be found using a displacement gauge attached to the mouth of the coupon to measure displacements using the equation
This equation is applicable in the range .
Back-face strain
The crack length can be determined using the back-face strain with the following equation
where , and is the Young's modulus of the coupon material. This equation is applicable in the range .
Electric Potential Difference
The crack length can also be determined from voltage measurements of the electric potential difference (EPD) at points at each side of the mouth of the machined slot at opposite sides of the coupon using
where is the measured EPD voltage and is the reference crack voltage corresponding to on an identical specimen. This equation is requiring the electrical excitation current is injected along the load line of the specimen. This equation is applicable in the range .
References
Fracture mechanics
Catherine Taylor may refer to:
Catherine Taylor (South African politician) (1914–1992)
Catherine Stihler (born 1973), née Catherine Taylor, British Labour Party politician
Catherine Taylor (orienteer) (born 1989), British orienteer
See also
Kathy Taylor (politician) (born 1955), mayor of Tulsa
Kathy Taylor (musician) (born 1961), American gospel musician
Kathy Tayler (born 1960), pentathlete and TV presenter
Katy Taylor (born 1989), figure skater
Katie Taylor (born 1986), boxer
Kate Taylor (disambiguation)
Jesse Hazen Ames (May 25, 1875 – April 12, 1957) was an American football coach and college administrator. They served as the head football coach at the River Falls State Normal School—now known as the University of Wisconsin–River Falls—in 1909, compiling a record of 1–2. Ames was the chancellor at River Falls State, first on an interim basis in 1911 and then full-time from 1917 to 1949.
References
External links
1875 births
1957 deaths
Heads of universities and colleges in the United States
Wisconsin–River Falls Falcons football coaches
University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point alumni
People from Outagamie County, Wisconsin
Coaches of American football from Wisconsin
Govindpur (also spelled Gobindpur) is a community development block that forms an administrative division in Dhanbad Sadar subdivision of Dhanbad district, Jharkhand state, India.
Overview
Dhanbad district forms a part of the Chota Nagpur Plateau, but it is more of an upland than a plateau. The district has two broad physical divisions – the southern part is a coal mining area with mining and industrial towns, and the northern part has villages scattered around hills. The landscape of the southern part is undulating and monotonous, with some scars of subsidence caused by underground mining. One of the many spurs of Parashnath Hills (1,365.50 m), located in neighbouring Giridih district, passes through the Topchanchi and Tundi areas of the district. The spur attains a height of 457.29 m but there is no peak as such. The Dhangi Hills (the highest peak 385.57 m) run from Pradhan Khunta to Gobindpur. While the main river Damodar flows along the southern boundary, its tributary, the Barakar, flows along the northern boundary. DVC has built two dams across the rivers. The Panchet Dam is across the Damodar and the Maithon Dam is across the Barakar.
Maoist activities
Jharkhand is one of the states affected by Maoist activities. , Dhanbad was one of the highly/moderately affected districts in the state., Dhanbad was not identified as a focus area by the state police to check Maoist activities. However, there were some isolated Maoist activities in the Dhanbad area.
Geography
Govindpur is located at .
Govindpur CD Block is bounded by Tundi and Purbi Tundi CD Blocks, on the north, Nirsa CD Block on the east, Baliapur and Dhanbad CD Blocks in the south and Baghmara CD Block on the west.
Govindpur CD Block has a forest area of 2,360.99 hectares, covering 7.06% of the area of the CD Block.
Govindpur CD Block has an area of 329.71 km2. It has 40 gram panchayats and 225 villages. Govindpur and Barwaada police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this CD Block is at Govindpur.
It is located 12 km from Dhanbad, the district headquarters.
Demographics
Population
As per the 2011 Census of India Gobindpur CD Block had a total population of 245,697, of which 220,184 were rural and 25,313 were urban. There were 127,285 (52%) males and 118,412 (48%) females. Population below 6 years was 39,613. Scheduled Castes numbered 27,617 (11.24%) and Scheduled Tribes numbered 34,026 (13.85%).
Gobindpur CD Block has three census towns (2011 population figure in brackets): Gobindpur (11,318), Karmatanr (6,392) and Jangalpur (7,603).
Large villages (with 4,000+ population) in Govindpur CD Block are (2011 census figures in brackets): Murgabani (4,174) and Parasi (4,186).
Literacy
census the total number of literates in Gobindpur CD Block was 141,233 (68.53% of the population over 6 years) out of which males numbered 86,332 (80.96% of the male population over 6 years) and females numbered 54,901 (55.21% of the female population over 6 years). The gender disparity (the difference between female and male literacy rates) was 25.76%.
census, literacy in Dhanbad district was 74.52%. Literacy in Jharkhand was 66.41% in 2011. Literacy in India in 2011 was 74.04%.
See also – List of Jharkhand districts ranked by literacy rate
Language
Hindi is the official language in Jharkhand and Urdu has been declared as an additional official language. Jharkhand legislature had passed a bill according the status of a second official language to several languages in 2011 but the same was turned down by the Governor.
In the 2011 census, Hindi was the mother-tongue (languages mentioned under Schedule 8 of the Constitution of India) of 62.5% of the population in Dhanbad district, followed by Bengali (19.3%) and Urdu (8.1%). The scheduled tribes constituted 8.4% of the total population of the district. Amongst the scheduled tribes those speaking Santali formed 77.2% of the ST population. Other tribes found in good numbers were: Munda, Mahli and Kora.
Economy
Livelihood
In Govindpur CD Block in 2011, amongst the class of total workers, cultivators numbered 24,038 and formed 24.25%, agricultural labourers numbered 18,123 and formed 18.28%, household industry workers numbered 4,182 and formed 4.22% and other workers numbered 52,776 and formed 53.25%.
Note: In the census records a person is considered a cultivator, if the person is engaged in cultivation/ supervision of land owned. When a person who works on another person's land for wages in cash or kind or share, is regarded as an agricultural labourer. Household industry is defined as an industry conducted by one or more members of the family within the household or village, and one that does not qualify for registration as a factory under the Factories Act. Other workers are persons engaged in some economic activity other than cultivators, agricultural labourers and household workers. It includes factory, mining, plantation, transport and office workers, those engaged in business and commerce, teachers and entertainment artistes.
Infrastructure
There are 213 inhabited villages in Govindpur CD Block. In 2011, 201 villages had power supply. 19 villages had tap water (treated/ untreated), 208 villages had well water (covered/ uncovered), 205 villages had hand pumps, and 5 villages had no drinking water facility. 23 villages had post offices, 23 villages had subbed post offices, 17 villages had telephones (land lines), 51 villages had public call offices and 118 villages had mobile phone coverage. 207 villages had pucca (paved) village roads, 25 villages had bus service (public/ private), 6 villages had railway stations, 24 villages had autos/ modified autos, and 59 villages had tractors. 20 villages had bank branches, 9 villages had agricultural credit societies, 8 villages had cinema/ video halls, 11 villages had public library and public reading rooms. 171 villages had public distribution system, 25 villages had weekly haat (market) and 108 villages had assembly polling stations.
Coal
Jharia coalfield is the richest treasure house of metallurgical coal in India. The Govindpur Area of BCCL is located in Govindpur CD Block.
The following collieries function under the Govindpur Area of BCCL: Kharkhari, Maheshpur, Jogidih, Kooridih, Gobindpur, S/Govindpur, Teturiya and Akash Kinaree.
The Govindpur Area was formed with thirty-one collieries taken over from the private sector.
Industry
Kandra Industrial Area is located in this block. It produces hard coke, colour oxide and mining-based chemical products.
Agriculture
Dhanbad district has infertile laterite soil, having a general tendency towards continuous deterioration. The soil can be classified in two broad categories – red sandy soil and red and yellow soil. There are patches of alluvium along the river banks. Limited water resources constitute a major constraint for cultivation. Paddy is the main crop. The soils for rice cultivation fall into three categories – baad, kanali and bahal. Aghani, is the main winter crop, consisting primarily of winter rice. Bhadai is the autumn crop. Apart from paddy, less important grain crops such as marua and maize are grown. The Rabi crop includes such cold weather crops as wheat, barley, oats, gram and pulses.
Backward Regions Grant Fund
Dhanbad district is listed as a backward region and receives financial support from the Backward Regions Grant Fund. The fund, created by the Government of India, is designed to redress regional imbalances in development. As of 2012, 272 districts across the country were listed under this scheme. The list includes 21 districts of Jharkhand.
Transport
NH 18 and State Highway 13 (Jharkhand) meet NH 19 (old numbering NH 2)/ Grand Trunk Road at Govindpur.
Education
In 2011, amongst the 213 inhabited villages in Govindpur CD Block, 51 villages had no primary school, 149 villages had one primary school and 13 villages had more than one primary school. 67 villages had at least one primary school and one middle school. 8 villages had at least one middle school and one secondary school.
Healthcare
In 2013, Govindpur CD Block had 1 block primary health centre, 4 primary health centres and 3 private nursing homes with total 30 beds and 12 doctors (excluding private bodies). 1,852 patients were treated indoor and 51,786 patients were treated outdoor in the hospitals, health centres and subcentres of the CD Block.
In 2011, amongst the 213 inhabited villages in Govindpur CD Block, 2 villages had primary health centres, 15 villages had primary health sub-centres, 1 village had maternity and child welfare centre, no village had a TB Clinic, 2 village had an allopathic hospital, no village had an alternative medicine hospital, 5 village had a dispensary, 1 village had veterinary hospital, 4 villages had medicine shops and 184 villages had no medical facilities.
References
Community development blocks in Dhanbad district
Mining communities in Jharkhand
The Pemberton Memorial Operating Room is a National Historic Site of Canada, the first operating room of the Royal Jubilee Hospital in Victoria, British Columbia. It established the Royal Jubilee Hospital as the leading surgical hospital in the province.
The construction of the building to house the operating room was financed by a bequest left by Joseph Pemberton, and supplemented with additional funding by their widow Teresa Pemberton, who also partially funded the purchase of equipment. The funds were originally intended for the construction of a maternity ward, but were insufficient for such a project.
Interior components were selected and designed to be easily cleaned and disinfected after each surgical procedure, including the mosaic tile floor, and it was connected to a sterilizing room. The design implemented anti-sepsis techniques developed by Joseph Lister, who visited the room in 1897 and was favourably impressed.
It was used daily from its completion in 1896 until 1925, when the hospital expanded and built six new operating rooms. The Pemberton Memorial Operating Room was declared a municipal heritage site in 1995 and recognized as a National Historic Site of Canada on 28 November 2005.
Background
John Chapman Davie Jr. began lobbying for a hospital in Victoria in the mid 1880s, planning for a single-level pavilion design of interconnected buildings. The Royal Jubilee Hospital was opened in May 1890, with three wards, an administrative block, residences, and a laboratory. The hospital's debt grew during the early 1890s, but as a result of addressing an 1893 smallpox epidemic, the city passed a bylaw allowing it to pay off the mortgage "as a show of appreciation".
On 9 January 1894, F.B. Pemberton spoke to the hospital's board of directors, stating that a $2,000 bequest had been left to the hospital by their father Joseph Pemberton, who had died in 1893 as a result of a heart attack while horseback riding. Various proposals were made for its use, but the bequest stipulated that it was to be used for development of new property. The board elected to build a maternity ward, for which Joseph Pemberton's widow, Teresa Jane Pemberton donated an additional $1,500. However, the $3,500 was insufficient for such a project.
The hospital's board of directors debated potential uses of the funds, and on 7 October 1895 settled on building an operating room favoured by Davie. It would implement the anti-sepsis techniques developed by Joseph Lister, which Davie had studied during a sabbatical in Europe in the 1880s. The winning design, "Plan 3" by John Teague, was selected on 20 March 1896, and the winning tender for its construction was submitted by Thomas Catterall for $3,614. Teresa Pemberton donated the additional $114.
The cornerstone was installed on 15 May 1896 by Teresa Pemberton, in a ceremony during which they were presented with a silver trowel to "show appreciation for their generous support and flexibility towards the project". The trowel's handle was carved from an oak timber taken from the Beaver, the first steamship to operate in the Pacific Northwest of North America. The silver blade was made from silver mined at Bluebell mine, the base from matte obtained from Silver King mine, and the gold ferrule from matte obtained from Le Roi gold mine. Neither the cornerstone, nor the time capsule buried beneath it, has been discovered since then.
Pemberton became the building's namesake for their posthumous bequest. By July 1896, nearing completion of construction, the board of directors was informed that $500 would be required to equip the operating room; this was provided by the Women's Auxiliary and another donation by Teresa Pemberton. Upon completion, it "established the Jubilee as the leading surgical hospital" in British Columbia.
Description
The foundation for the building was made of stone. The octagonal operating room is connected to a sterilizing room at its north end. Painted plaster covered the interior brick walls, and the concrete floor was overlain with a ceramic tile mosaic. Its features, including its large windows, were designed to be easily cleaned and disinfected after each surgical procedure. The original design included kerosene lamps, which were replaced in 1897 by electrical fixtures when the entire hospital was connected to the electricity grid. The building was connected to the hospital via a corridor.
It had sufficient capacity only for the patient and surgical team. On 13 September 1897, Lister visited the facility and was "favourably impressed". They recommended the addition of a post-anesthesia recovery room, and the hospital built two the following year for $1,000, the first post-operative recovery rooms in Canada.
A second sterilizing room was built as an addition to the building in 1918. The operating room was used daily until 1925, when six new operating rooms were built in the hospital's east wing expansion. It would be used as the home for the hospital's radiography department, then its cancer agency, and finally its medical records department.
Heritage site
In 1981, the Victoria Medical Society lobbied Victoria City Council to protect the Pemberton Memorial Operating Room under bylaw 173. The hospital's board of directors opposed heritage status for the building, as it would interfere with the hospital's development plans. In 1983, the Government of British Columbia cut its spending, including expenditures for health care capital projects, delaying the building's demolition.
An excavation of the building's contents in 1991 found numerous artefacts employed "in the early days" of the building; these were preserved. In 1995, Victoria City Council designated the building, including the operating room and the sterilizing ante-chamber, a municipal heritage site.
It was recognized as a National Historic Site on 28 November 2005, and was officially announced on 3 August 2006 along with the site of the Cypress Hills Massacre and the archaeological site Pointe-du-Buisson. It was listed on the Canadian Register of Historic Places on 10 July 2009. A commemorative plaque was installed, and unveiled by Gary Lunn and Ida Chong during a ceremony on 25 June 2010.
Legacy
In 1909, Teresa Pemberton also provided funding to build the Pemberton Chapel to commemorate their husband. The silver trowel presented to them is now held in the collections of the Royal British Columbia Museum.
The building and operating room represented a "transitional moment in the history of hospital design", in which earlier designs separated the operating room from the hospital, and later designs restricting access to only the patient and surgical team. It also represented a transition in hospital governance, from one of primarily charitable scope "for the poor and destitute" to being managed as a scientific institution.
In 2004, the Victoria Medical Society formed the Victoria Medical Heritage Society as a charity to fund restoration of the Pemberton Memorial Operating Room. It also plans to build a medical history museum adjacent to the building. The chapel and operating room have been connected by a walkway with a garden and courtyard.
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Pemberton Operating Room at Victoria Medical Society
National Historic Sites in British Columbia
Buildings and structures in Victoria, British Columbia
Hospital buildings completed in 1896
Pemberton family
Thomas Mason-Griffin (born September 29, 1990) is an American former basketball player. Mason-Griffin usually played as point guard. They played college basketball for the Oklahoma Sooners.
College career
After a decorated high school career in which they were named a McDonald's All-American, Mason-Griffin signed with Oklahoma. In their only season with the Sooners, they averaged 14.1 points and 5.0 assists per game, earning third-team All-Big 12 honors. They declared for the 2010 NBA draft and apologized to Oklahoma fans "if they felt I let them down”.
Professional career
Ulm (2011–2015)
They signed with the German team ratiopharm Ulm for the 2011–2012 season. Due to injuries, they missed the complete 2012–13 season. Mason-Griffin wouldn't play in the 2013–14 season as well. For the 2014–15 season, they returned to ratiopharm Ulm, and played 10 BBL games that season.
Donar (2016)
On December 15, 2015, Mason-Griffin signed with Donar Groningen in the Netherlands. On January 11, 2016, Donar and Mason-Griffin parted ways. They played one game for Donar, in which they had 8 points and 6 assists.
On October 30, 2016, Mason-Griffin was selected by the Maine Red Claws with the 108th pick of the 2016 NBA Development League draft. They were waived on November 9, before playing a game with the Red Claws.
References
1990 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in the Netherlands
Basketball players from Houston
Donar (basketball club) players
Dutch Basketball League players
McDonald's High School All-Americans
Oklahoma Sooners men's basketball players
Point guards
Ratiopharm Ulm players
Sioux Falls Skyforce players
American men's basketball players
In the mythology of Tikopia, the Atua I Kafika (also known as Sako) is a culture hero and supreme god.
References
Sky and weather gods
Tikopian deities
Polynesian gods
The 258th Aero Squadron was a United States Army Air Service unit that fought on the Western Front during World War I.
The squadron was assigned as a Corps Observation Squadron, performing short-range, tactical reconnaissance over the VII Corps, United States First Army sector of the Western Front in France, providing battlefield intelligence. After the 1918 Armistice with Germany, the squadron was assigned to the United States Third Army as part of the Occupation of the Rhineland in Germany. It returned to the United States in August 1919 and was demobilized.
There is no current United States Air Force or Air National Guard successor unit.
History
Origins
The 258th Aero Squadron was temporarily formed on 1 January 1918 at 02:00 out of a sleepy contingent of men at Kelly Field, Texas which were lined up in formation and assigned to the unit. The men were ordered to Camp MacArthur, Waco, Texas on 14 February where the squadron was formally organized and designated. After several weeks of drill and instruction in soldiering, on 1 March the 258th was ordered to Wilbur Wright Field, Fairfield, Ohio for technical training in which the men were classified based on their ability for the line of work which they would be assigned.
On short notice, the squadron was notified to move to the Aviation Concentration Center, Hazelhurst Field (Field #1), New York at which they arrived on 23 March. The squadron, along with the 257th AS were given the duty of preparing a tent encampment. When erected, the squadron was sent to Mineola Field (#2, later Mitchel Field) to receive training in the uncrating and assembly of airplanes. As part of their duties at Mineola, the squadron erected another tent camp which was used for receiving new aircraft. It was designated "Acceptance Park". On 29 May, orders were received for overseas duty, the squadron boarding the SS President Grant. It arrived at Brest, France on 12 June, where the squadron was assigned to a Rest Camp. From Brest, it boarded a troop train, arriving at the St. Maixent Replacement Barracks on 17 July. After a week at the Replacement Concentration Center being equipped for duty, it was ordered to proceed to the 3d Air Instructional Center at Issoudun Aerodrome for combat training. It arrived at the 3d AIC on 24 July, where it was temporarily assigned to Field #3 (Solo Flying, Cross Country, basic aerobatics training). It was later reassigned to Field #9 where it was engaged in maintenance work of Nieuport 18M aircraft.
Combat in France
Several pilots and observers were assigned to the squadron on 19 September and the 258th was designated as a Corps Observation, being assigned to the VII Corps Observation Group at Luxeuil-les-Bains Aerodrome. Luxeuil, although in the "Zone of Advance" (the Western Front), was primarily an equipping and organizing station, but not far from the lines to operate from. Also at Luxeuil, the squadron was equipped with 24 Salmson 2A2 reconnaissance aircraft, which were ferried from Orly Field, near Paris. However, only five squadron pilots were available, and the 258th remained at Luxeuil awaiting additional personnel. According to the squadron history, the members of the squadron were extremely frustrated at the time, being ready to go into combat with new airplanes, but without adequate numbers of pilots and observers. However, the squadron took advantage of the opportunity to familiarize themselves with the local area, practicing formation flying along and over the front, although not on any ordered missions. German Anti-Aircraft Artillery fire was received although the Germans did not challenge the Salmsons with any Fokkers or other pursuit planes. On one patrol along the line, one of the observers noted some planes they judged to be German.
Also, while waiting for additional pilots and observers, the 258th conducted a school for infantry officers in liaison work with observation planes. Instruction was provided to officers of the 7th, 81st and 88th Divisions of VII Corps. The shortage of pilots and observers meant the squadron remained at Luxeuil until 31 October when it finally was ordered into combat and moved to Mathay Aerodrome on 31 October. Its mission was to provide reconnaissance for the French 7th Army, being the first AEF squadron to patrol around Altkirch and Mulhouse. For the next eleven days, the squadron flew over the lines. German aircraft were encountered but never attacked the squadron's formations, however the German Anti-Aircraft fire was very effective and active. It then was ordered to fly reconnaissance over the city of Metz.
Third Army of Occupation
The squadron remained at Mathay Aerodrome (with Second Army Air Services since 7 November), then at Grand Aerodrome from 18 November until being assigned to Weißenthurm Airdrome, Germany on 15 April 1919 to serve as part of the occupation force of the Rhineland under the Third Army Air Service, III Corps Observation Group.
There, the squadron began a series of photo-reconnaissance flights in the occupied Rhineland of major manufacturing centers, important cities and towns in both Occupied Germany and Luxembourg. Lines of communication (railroads, rivers and roads) were carefully mapped and photographed. It also operated some Dayton-Wright DH-4s at Weißenthurm during the summer of 1919 when the Salmsons were returned to the French. In addition, squadron was able to perform test flights on surrendered German aircraft. Flights of the Fokker D.VII, Pfalz D.XII, Halberstadts and Rumpler aircraft were made and evaluations were made.
Demobilization
On 18 July 1919 orders were received from Third Army for the squadron to report to the 1st Air Depot, Colombey-les-Belles Airdrome to turn in all of its supplies and equipment and was relieved from duty with the AEF. The squadron's Salmson aircraft were delivered to the Air Service American Air Service Acceptance Park No. 1 at Orly Aerodrome to be returned to the French. There practically all of the pilots and observers were detached from the squadron.
Personnel at Colombey were subsequently assigned to the commanding general, services of supply, and ordered to report to one of several staging camps in France. There, personnel awaited scheduling to report to one of the base ports in France for transport to the United States and subsequent demobilization. The 258th Aero Squadron was demobilized at Mitchell Field, New York on 1 August 1919.
Lineage
Temporarily formed on 1 January 1918
Organized and designated as 258th Aero Squadron on 14 February 1918
Re-designated: 258th Aero Squadron (Corps Observation), 19 September 1918
Demobilized, 1 August 1919
Assignments
Post Headquarters, Kelly Field, 1 January 1918
Post Headquarters, Camp MacArthur, 14 February 1918
Post Headquarters, Wilbur Wright Field, 1 March 1918
Aviation Concentration Center, 23 March 1918
Air Service Replacement Concentration Center, AEF, 17 July 1918
3d Air Instructional Center, 24 July 1918
VII Corps Observation Group, 19 September 1918
Second Army Air Service, 7 November 1918
III Corps Observation Group, 15 April 1919
1st Air Depot, 12 May 1919
Commanding General, Services of Supply, May–July 1919
Post Headquarters, Mitchel Field, 1 August 1919
Stations
Kelly Field, Texas, 1 January 1918
Camp MacArthur, Texas, 14 February 1918
Wilbur Wright Field, Ohio, 1 March 1918
Hazelhurst Field, New York, 23 March 1918
Aviation Concentration Center, Garden City, New York, New York, 1 April 1918
Port of Entry, Hoboken, New Jersey
Overseas transport, SS President Grant, 29 May – 12 June 1918
Brest, France, 12 June 1918
St. Maixent Replacement Barracks, France, 17 July 1918
Issoudun Aerodrome, France, 24 July 1918
Luxeuil-les-Bains Aerodrome, France, 19 September 1919
Mathay Aerodrome, France, 31 October 1918
Manonville Aerodrome, France, 11 November 1918
Grand Aerodrome, France, 18 November 1918
Weißenthurm Aerodrome, Germany, 15 April 1919
Colombey-les-Belles Airdrome, France, 12 May 1919
France, May–July 1919
Mitchell Field, New York, 1 August 1919
Enemy aircraft flown for evaluation
Evaluated Fokker D.VII, Pfalz D.XII, Halberstadt and Rumpler aircraft, 1919
Combat sectors and campaigns
See also
Organization of the Air Service of the American Expeditionary Force
List of American aero squadrons
References
Squadrons of the United States Army Air Service
Squadrons of the United States Army Air Service in World War I
I'm New Here is the 15th and final studio album by American vocalist and pianist Gil Scott-Heron. It was released on February 8, 2010, by XL Recordings and was their first release of original music in 16 years, following a period of personal and legal troubles with drug addiction.
The record was produced by XL owner Richard Russell, who was influenced by the 2009 self-titled debut album of English band the xx. I'm New Here is a post-industrial blues album, with spoken word folk songs and trip hop interludes.
I'm New Here received positive reviews from most critics and debuted at number 181 on the US Billboard 200, selling 3,700 copies in its first week. It was promoted with the single "Me and the Devil", an adaptation of blues musician Robert Johnson's "Me and the Devil Blues" (1937). A remix of the album, titled We're New Here, was produced by the xx's Jamie xx and released by XL in 2011.
Musical style
I'm New Here is a departure from the rhythmic, jazz-funk and soul style of Scott-Heron's previous work, and embraces an acoustic and electronic minimal sound. Musically, I'm New Here incorporates blues, folk, trip hop, and electronica styles. Music writer Patrick Taylor notes of the album's style, "It's the ragged, warts-and-all approach of the blues versus the more refined jazz soul style they favored in the seventies". It also contains some musical elements of dubstep, electro, and ambient music. Greg Kot from the Chicago Tribune called it a "post-modern" blues album, while Rolling Stone magazine's Will Hermes described it as "a steely blues record at heart — the sound of a damaged man staring in the mirror without self-pity but not without hope". City Pages critic Rick Mason deemed the music "hard-edged post-industrial blues".
The album contains a sonically dark and gritty soundscape characterized by low-tone synths and spatial beats. Due to its sparse sound and minimalist production, music writers have compared it to singer-songwriter Johnny Cash's American Recordings albums with producer Rick Rubin. Crawdaddy!s David MacFadden-Elliott wrote that Richard Russell's production finds "deep electronic grooves that still contain hints of soul and gospel music", while critic Neil McCormick noted that the album's musical setting produced by Russell "blends dubby beats with spoken word and raw, confessional blues", describing the musical fusion as "like Massive Attack jamming with Robert Johnson and Allen Ginsberg".
Scott-Heron's baritone vocals on the album stylistically range from spoken word to blues-oriented crooning. Music writers have noted that Scott-Heron's vocal ability has changed, perceiving it as rougher, slurred, and aged. Simon Price of The Independent described their voice on the album as "bourbon-soaked".
Themes
I'm New Here features introspective, confessional lyrics expressing themes of regret, reconciliation, and redemption, which deviate from their earlier music's agitprop lyrics and social, political themes. On Scott-Heron's thematic departure, critic Paul Trynka wrote "The man who depicted Winter in America is now in their own autumn; a season replete with both beauty and sadness". The Skinnys Bram Gieben perceived "flashes of Burroughs-like darkness, the wry humour of post-addiction Richard Pryor" in Scott-Heron's performance. Although Scott-Heron's lyrics concerning their bleak life experiences are understated and reflective, they express pride, dignity, defiance, and unapologetic confession. According to Robert Ferguson of Drowned in Sound, Scott-Heron expresses "confession, but no apology" to "pick over the bones of their life, acknowledging the hard times and their own mistakes, but standing proud of all they have led them to become".
The album's bookending and two-part poem "On Coming from a Broken Home" features piano and a sampled string loop from Kanye West's "Flashing Lights" (2007). It is a tribute to the women in their family, particularly Scott-Heron's grandmother Lily Scott, with whom they were sent to live as a child in Tennessee. The song reflects on their upbringing around strong female figures and challenges the sociological perception of a broken home: "Womenfolk raised me, and I was full-grown before knew I came from a broken home". It defends Scott-Heron's upbringing and arguing that their grandmother's love and devotion taught them passionate humanity, despite lacking of a positive male figure. According to music writers, "On Coming from a Broken Home" introduces and concludes the album's prominent theme of unapologetic confession.
"Your Soul and Mine" adapts lyrics from Scott-Heron's spoken word piece "The Vulture", originally featured on Small Talk at 125th and Lenox (1970). It contains a dubstep-styled collage of effects over a cello loop similar to the style of Burial and Massive Attack. The song's blank verse recitation discusses the evils, represented as a metaphorical vulture, that inhabit and destroy African-American ghettos. The "vulture" also represents death from Scott-Heron's point of view, who concludes the song with the theme of defiance.
Release and promotion
I'm New Here was released by XL Recordings on February 8, 2010, in the United Kingdom and the following day in the United States. It debuted at number 181 on the US Billboard 200 chart with first week sales of 3,700 copies. It also entered at number 28 on Billboards Top Independent Albums, at number 6 on its Top Jazz Albums, and at number 38 on its Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. The album also entered at number 35 in Ireland and at number 39 in the United Kingdom. It also debuted at number six on the UK R&B Chart. It spent two to three weeks on most international charts. In 2010, it was awarded a silver certification from the Independent Music Companies Association, which indicated sales of at least 30,000 copies throughout Europe.
The album's lead single, "Me and the Devil", was released on February 22, 2010 as a 7" and music download. It did not chart as a single on the Billboard charts. On September 26, British director Chris Cunningham premiered the 10-minute film New York Is Killing Me at the Museum of Modern Art, projected on three screens side by side. For this "audio-visual remix" they replaced 90% of Scott-Heron's musical track with train sounds and environmental recordings to create a "musique concrète" version of the original composition.
Critical reception
I'm New Here was met with mostly positive reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 78, based on 28 reviews.
Reviewing the album for Slant Magazine, Jesse Cataldo called it "post-structural, indefinably plotted" and "masterfully stark", while Dan Cairns of The Sunday Times regarded it as "an extraordinarily powerful album" featuring "superb Scott-Heron originals". AllMusic's Thom Jurek said it "contains the artful immediacy that distinguishes Scott-Heron's best art". Siddharta Mitter from The Boston Globe believed Russell's "swirling miasma of sound wholly suits Scott-Heron's mood, which is angry yet humble, and even more their voice, which is rich and intent as ever". In The Daily Telegraph, Neil McCormick found the lyrics to be of "depth, wisdom and experience", delivered in "a voice rich with musicality, all set in a sonic context that locates them in the present moment". Rupert Howe of Q said Russell's arrangements "brilliantly frame [Scott-Heron]'s rich burr and terse street poetry with brooding electronica and stark blues handclaps". In the opinion of The Village Voices Stacey Anderson, "it's more emotional, more optimistic, than their past political provocations, and they haven't sounded this lively in ages". Pitchfork ranked I'm New Here number 45 on its list of the Top 50 Albums of 2010, and number 176 on its list of the 200 Best Albums of the 2010s. It also placed "New York Is Killing Me" at number 141 on its list of "The 200 Best Songs of the 2010s."
Some reviewers were less enthusiastic. Writing for Chicago Sun-Times, Jim DeRogatis deemed the album's sound "alien and unsuccessful" while describing Scott-Heron's performance as "bland philosophizing and surprisingly hollow personal reflections". Will Layman from PopMatters said it was "a thin affair—musically weak and lyrically narrow" while finding its material "unimaginative".
Reworkings
The entire album has been reworked twice: as We're New Here by Jamie xx, released in 2011, and as We're New Again: A Reimagining by Makaya McCraven, released in 2020.
Track listing
All tracks were produced by Richard Russell.
Tracks 1 and 15 contain a sample from "Flashing Lights" by Kanye West.
Personnel
Credits for I'm New Here adapted from liner notes.
Gil Scott-Heron – piano, vocals
Damon Albarn – keyboards
Mike Block – strings
Chris Cunningham – guitar, synthesizer
Tiona Hall – backing vocals
Michelle Hutcherson – backing vocals
Kim Jordan – backing vocals, piano
Phil Lee – artwork
Christiana Liberis – strings
Rodaidh McDonald – additional recording and mixing
Ichiho Nishiki – engineer
Mischa Richter – artwork
Richard Russell – producer, cover photo
Tyria Stokes – backing vocals
Mary Jo Stilp – strings
Pat Sullivan – guitar
Una Tone – strings
Lawson White – engineer, string arrangements
Charts
References
Further reading
Press release at 2:30 Publicity
Gil Scott-Heron: The Godfather of Rap Comes Back at The Observer
Gil Scott-Heron to release new album next year at NME
A First Listen at Los Angeles Times
External links
2010 albums
Gil Scott-Heron albums
XL Recordings albums
Albums produced by Richard Russell
Blues albums by American artists
Folk albums by American artists
Spoken word albums by American artists
Industrial albums by American artists
Iosif Baratashvili was a Georgian politician. They belonged to the Georgian Socialist-Federalist Revolutionary Party. In the first Duma election in 1906, Baratashvili won a seat from Tiflis.
References
External links
1874 births
1937 deaths
People from Kvemo Kartli
Georgian Socialist-Federalist Revolutionary Party politicians
Government ministers of Georgia (country)
Members of the 1st State Duma of the Russian Empire
Great Purge victims from Georgia (country)
Soviet rehabilitations
Przemysław Kamiński (born 8 April 1996) is a Polish footballer who plays in defence.  They are currently without a club having last played for Wierzyca Pelplin in 2019.
Senior career
Kamiński began their career with Lechia Gdańsk, with whom they failed to make an appearance for the first team, but played for the Lechia second team for the 2013-14 season. In 2014 they joined Concordia Elbląg, where they spent the next 3 years of their career. In January 2017, Kamiński joined Gryf Wejherowo. In total they played 34 times in the league for Gryf, before once again returning to Concordia Elbląg in 2018.
References
1996 births
Lechia Gdańsk II players
Polish footballers
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Gdańsk
Sportspeople from Pomeranian Voivodeship
Living people
Deadline is a 1988 British drama television film, directed by Richard Stroud and based on a novel and adapted for the screen by Tom Stacey, which aired on BBC. It stars John Hurt.
Plot
An alcoholic Fleet Street journalist is caught up in a coup on an island in the Persian Gulf, where the Emir's son and an enforcer attempt to depose their father.
Cast
John Hurt as Granville Jones
Imogen Stubbs as Lady Romy Burton
Robert McBain as Sandy McCulloch
Greg Hicks as Lou Rivers
Bargach Abdelrahim as Abdullah
Julian Curry as Stuart-Smith
David Conville as Sir Geoffrey Burton
Roshan Seth as The Emir of Hawa
References
External links
1988 drama films
1988 films
Films about coups d'état
Films about journalists
Films set in the Middle East
Films set on islands
1980s British films
British drama television films
Royal Salute is a brand of luxury blended Scotch whisky produced and bottled in Strathisla Distillery in Speyside, Scotland by Chivas Brothers Ltd. Launched on 2 June 1953 in tribute to Queen Elizabeth II on the day of their Coronation, it has since been known as the whisky 'Created for Celebration'. Named after the ceremonial 21-gun salute that is fired from the Tower of London to mark special royal occasions, Royal Salute whiskies are aged for a minimum of 21 years, making it the only Scotch to begin its collection at exclusively 21 years-old.
Brand expressions
Royal Salute boasts the only collection of blended Scotch whisky that begins exclusively at 21 Years Old. It is separated into permanent editions that can be purchased all year round and limited editions that are released in smaller numbers.
Permanent Editionsflavors
The 21 Year Old Signature Blend: The original and most popular Royal Salute blend, rich and smooth with deep fruity flavours and a subtle smokiness.
The 21 Year Old Malts Blend: The first blended malt from Royal Salute made from over 21 Single Malt whiskies.
The 21 Year Old Peated Blend: Features whiskies from the now silent Imperial Distillery, a smokey whisky with notes of rich fruits and spice
The 25 Year Old Treasured Blend: Made from whiskies matured for a quarter of a century, a blend with a sweet flavour and a hint of spice. Only available in global travel retail.
The 32 Year Old Union of the Crowns: Aged for a minimum of 32 years, a rich and complex blended Scotch whisky.
The 38 Year Old Stone of Destiny: Aged for a minimum of 38 years, named after the legendary Coronation stone of the ancient Scottish Kings.
The 62 Gun Salute: Created to celebrate the tradition of the 62 Gun Salute, the highest ceremonial honor in Britain. A powerful and opulent expression blended from rare and highly aged whiskies.
Limited Editions
The 29 Year Old Pedro Ximénez Sherry Cask Finish: Created to commemorate Queen Elisabeth II's first visit to Spain, a whisky finished in Pedro Ximénez sherry casks.
The 21 Year Old Richard Quinn Edition: The first release in the ‘Couture Collection' that pays tribute to the world of British fashion, created in collaboration with acclaimed British designer Richard Quinn.
House of Quinn By Richard Quinn: The second release in the Couture Collection in collaboration with Richard Quinn, only 200 limited edition hand-blown crystal decanters were released worldwide.
The 21-Year-Old Polo Estancia Edition: The first in the ‘Polo Destinations Collection', a whisky finished in Malbec casks paying tribute to the famous polo destination of Argentina.
The 21-Year-Old Snow Polo Edition: A special strength blended whisky housed in a white flagon, paying tribute to the sport of Snow Polo.
The Pinnacle Blends
The 51 Year Old Time Series: The pinnacle of Royal Salute's collection blended from whiskies aged for 51 Years, created as a tribute to the magic of Time
The 52 Year Old Time Series: The pinnacle of Royal Salute's collection blended from whiskies aged for 52 Years and fully finished in a single oak cask, created as a tribute to the magic of Time.
Past Expressions
The 21 Year Old Polo Edition
The 21 Year Old Beach Polo Edition
The 28 Year Old Kew Palace Edition
The 30 Year Old Flask Edition
The Royal Wedding Edition
The Age Collection
History
Created as a gift for Queen Elizabeth II to mark their Coronation Day, the brand's history is rooted in the British Monarchy, with many of its later expressions created in tribute to royal milestones. In 2002 a 50-Year-Old whisky was released to mark Queen Elizabeth II's Golden Jubilee, in 2011 the "Tribute to Honour" was launched - a series of 21 bottles decorated by jewellers Garrard , and in 2012 was the "Diamond Jubilee", another 21-Year-Old blend which commemorated the 60th Anniversary of their coronation.
The first Royal Salute whisky was housed in a green porcelain flagon emblazoned with the Royal Coat of Arms. Since then the 21-year-old blend bottle has been made in several colours including burgundy and brown, with the current and most famous colour being Sapphire Blue. The crest on the front of the flagon was also updated to feature Robert The Bruce in 1959, followed by the Royal Salute lion signifier in 2014.
Although Royal Salute is a brand rooted in history and tradition, it is working on innovation and new product development. In recent years it has expanded its whisky portfolio to tap into Polo, Fashion and Art through several brand collaborations. With a focus on digital innovation, Royal Salute was the first blended Scotch whisky and oldest whisky brand to launch a non-fungible token on BlockBar.com, the world's first direct-to-consumer NFT marketplace for luxury wine and spirits.
Master Blenders
During its close to 70-year history, five Master Blenders have presided over Royal Salute's incredibly rare and highly aged whisky collection, creating many new and distinguished blends., and ensuring the continuity of the iconic 21 Year Old blend. The current incumbent is Sandy Hyslop, who has held the position for 6 years.
1949-1958 - Charles Julian
Responsible for creating Royal Salute 21YO in 1953 and defining Royal Salute's signature style.
1959-1965 - Alan Baillie
Upheld the blending traditions and secrets learned from their predecessor to produce whiskies that excelled in quality, taste and consistency.
1966-1988 - Jimmy Lang
Knowledgeable and exacting in their approach to selecting and blending whiskies to ensure their consistency and high-quality year on year.
1989-2016 - Colin Scott
Upheld the legacies of blending secrets and craftsmanship passed down from their predecessors, and responsible for several new products and special releases.
2016–Present - Sandy Hyslop
A strong focus on innovation and blending high-aged whisky, they are responsible for all Royal Salute releases including the pinnacle Time Series Collection.
Strathisla distillery
The brand's distillery and visitor centre are at the Strathisla distillery, located in Speyside. The distillery was founded in 1786, and it is the oldest working distillery in the Highlands of Scotland. The Strathisla distillery is owned by Chivas Brothers, and Strathisla Single Malt is one of the malt whiskies used within the Royal Salute blend.
Brand Collaborators
Malcolm Borwick, Barnabe Fillion and The Duke of Argyll all hold the role of Brand Collaborator for Royal Salute, which involves hosting events, collaborating on new releases and upholding the brand values.
Polo Partnership
Royal Salute has a longstanding affinity with polo and the lifestyle it accompanies. The brand has sponsored more than 10 international tournaments from the UK and the United States through Argentina, China and Korea. Royal Salute has also released several whisky collections that pay tribute to the world of polo, celebrating the varied terrains that the sport is played on as well as famous polo locations.
Brand Collaborations
Royal Salute has partnered with several creators in the fields of art and design to release unique special edition whiskies, current collaborators include:
Kristjana Williams
Award-winning artist Kristjana Williams has been a brand collaborator since 2019, designing the gift pack illustrations for the brand's Classic Blends as well as for several special editions.
Richard Quinn
Critically acclaimed British Fashion designer Richard Quinn collaborated with Royal Salute on the first edition in the ‘Couture Collection', which celebrates the institution of British Fashion. Richard designed a bespoke pattern for the brand which emblazons the Special Edition bottle.
Feifei Ruan
Award-winning Chinese born US-based illustrator FeiFei Ruan collaborated with Royal Salute on their latest Lunar New Year Special Edition gift pack.
Charitable Relationships
Royal Salute supports two charities, both with links to the British Royalty.
Historic Royal Palaces
Historic Royal Palaces is an independent charity that looks after the Tower of London, Hampton Court Palace, the Banqueting House, Kensington Palace, Kew Palace and Hillsborough Castle. HRP aims to help everyone to explore the story of how monarchs and people have shaped society, in some of the greatest palaces ever built.
Sentebale
Sentebale is the Duke of Sussex's charity that supports the mental health and wellbeing of young people affected by HIV in Lesotho and Botswana.
Awards
Royal Salute 21 Years Old The Signature Blend
TSWM - Gold - 2010
ISC - Silver - 2010
IWSC - Silver - 2010
SFWSC - Gold 2011
USC - 94 Points - 2011
ISC - Silver - 2011
IWSC - Gold Best In Class - 2011
IWSC - Gold Outstanding - 2012
ISC - Silver - 2021
SFWSC - Gold - 2012
SFWSC - Double Gold - 2013
USC - Chairmans Trophy - 2013
ISC - Gold - 2013
IWSC - Silver Outstanding - 2013
JMWB 2014 - 92.2 - 2014
USC - 89 - 2014
SFWSC - Gold - 2014
JMWB 2015 Winner (19-25yo)
JMWB 2016 Winner (19-25yo)
JMWB 2017 Winner (19-25yo)
JMWB 2018 - 96
ISC - Gold - 2018
SFWSC - Gold - 2018
WWA - Bronze - 2019
JMWB - 2019
ISC - Gold - 2019
WWA - Silver - 2020
ISC - Gold - 2020
IWSC - Silver - 2020
ISC - Double Gold - 2021
IWSC - Silver - 2021
Royal Salute 21 Years Old The Malts Blend
WWA - Best Scotch Blended Malt - 2019
ISC - Gold - 2019
IWSC - Silver - 2019
ISC - Double Gold - 2020
IWSC - Silver - 93 pts - 2020
WWA - Gold - 2021
ISC - Gold - 2021
IWSC - Gold - 95 pts - 2021
Royal Salute 21 Years Old The Lost Blend/Peated Blend
WWA - Category Winner - 2019
ISC - Silver - 2019
IWSC - Silver - 2019
ISC - Gold - 2020
IWSC - Bronze - 2020
ISC - Gold - 2021
IWSC - Gold - 95 pts - 2021
Royal Salute 21 Years Old The Polo Collection
WWA - Gold - 2020 (Snow Polo)
Royal Salute 25 Year Old The Treasured Blend
IWSC - Silver - 2019
ISC - Double Gold - 2020
IWSC - Silver - 90 pts - 2020
ISC - Gold - 2021
IWSC - Gold - 95 pts - 2021
Royal Salute 32 Year Old Union of the Crowns
JMWB - 96.5 - 2018
JMWB - 2019 (26 - 50yo)
IWSC Gold - 95 pts - 2021
Royal Salute 38 Year Old Stone of Destiny
SFWSC - Double Gold - 2013
USC - Finalist - 94 pts - 2013
CWA - Platinum - 95 points - 2013
USC - 96 - 2014
SFWSC - Double Gold - 2014
WWA - Bronze - 2021
ISC - Gold - 2021
IWSC - Gold - 96 pts - 2021
Royal Salute 62 Gun Salute
JMWB - 95.5 - 2014
JMWB - 95.5 - 2018
WWA - Silver - 2021
ISC - Double Gold - 2021
IWSC - Gold Outstanding - 98 pts - 2021
ISC - Trophy - 2021
KEY:
ISC = International Spirits Challenge
IWSC = International Wine & Spirits Competition
TSWM = The Scotch Whisky Masters
SFWSC = San Francisco World Spirits Competition
WWA = World Whisky Awards
JMWB = Jim Walker Whisky Bible
Citations
General references
Scotland of Today magazine; published May 3, 1890.
Walpole Yearbook 2009; published on behalf of Walpole Group by WorldWide Communications.
External links
official website
Blended Scotch whisky
Pernod Ricard brands
Products introduced in 1953
Erigeron jamaicensis is a Caribbean and Mesoamerican species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae commonly called Jamaican fleabane. It is native to Mexico, Central America, and the Greater Antilles.
Erigeron jamaicensis is a perennial herb sprouting from a rootstock. Stems are long and slender, up to 30 cm (12 inches) tall. Each stem has one or a few flower heads, each with white ray florets and yellow disc florets.
References
jamaicensis
Plants described in 1759
Flora of the Caribbean
Flora of Mexico
Flora of Central America
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
El Porto Beach is a California public beach managed by the County of Los Angeles, located in Santa Monica Bay beside El Porto, which is now part of the City of Manhattan Beach, between the beaches of El Segundo Beach and Manhattan Beach, and is protected under the state park system.
The entrance to El Porto's large parking lot, which has meters, is at the west end of 45th Street from Highland Avenue.
El Porto is one of the most popular beaches in the South Bay area with surfers from near and far because of an underwater canyon that creates waves usually larger than those at neighboring beaches. These swells have lefts and rights that break over sandbars and are consistently big when other beaches are flat. The breaks can hold waves up to double overhead.
El Porto is very close to the Chevron oil refinery and a private corporate Electricity-producing facility for Edison that uses natural gas. Also very close are two city of Los Angeles industrial facilities, namely Hyperion sewage treatment plant and Scattergood Electricity Facility that uses natural gas to produce the electricity.
Volleyball courts are located throughout the El Porto beach area. Roller skates and bicycles are rented out at the snack bar for recreation along the bike trail. There are restrooms with showers located throughout; and lifeguards are on duty. No fires are permitted on the beach; dogs are not allowed.
See also
List of beaches in California
List of California state parks
References
External links
El Porto Beach
El Porto Beach at RockCityNews.com
Beaches of Southern California
Surfing locations in California
Big wave surfing
Parks in Los Angeles County, California
Manhattan Beach, California
Beaches of Los Angeles County, California
Copaken Brooks, formerly Copaken, White & Blitt is a privately owned full-service commercial real estate developer headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri that acquires, develops, leases, manages and sells various types of commercial assets within the Midwest for its clients and investors.
History
The firm was founded by Herman Copaken in 1922.
In the 1950s, three brothers-in-law – Paul Copaken, Lewis White and Irwin Blitt – took over the company.
In the 1960s and 1970s the company developed several shopping centers including Mission Center Mall, Oak Park Mall as well as the Eastland Mall in Bloomington, Illinois, Hickory Point Mall in Forsyth, Illinois, and Rockaway Townsquare in Rockaway, New Jersey.
The company also sold the property to Sprint and Black & Veatch Corporation to build their corporate headquarters in Overland Park, Kansas. In 2008, it developed the headquarters for Applebee's.
In 2013, the company won the Greater Kansas City Chamber of Commerce "Mr. K" Small Business of the Year award.
Notable properties
Town Pavilion
1201 Walnut
Plaza Colonnade
Corrigan Station I & II
ARTerra
Midwest Gateway Industrial
City Center Lenexa
Renaissance Office Park (College & Metcalf)
Market Square Center
Creekwood Commons
Western Auto Building
External links
Emporis profile
Official Website
References
Real estate companies established in 1922
Real estate companies of the United States
Companies based in Kansas City, Missouri
1922 establishments in Missouri
The 2015 German Open (also known as the bet–at–home Open 2015 for sponsorship reasons) was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts. It was the 109th edition of the German Open and part of the ATP World Tour 500 series of the 2015 ATP World Tour. It took place at the Am Rothenbaum in Hamburg, Germany, from 27 July through 2 August 2015. First-seeded Rafael Nadal won the singles title.
Points and prize money
Points distribution
Prize money
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of July 20, 2015
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Florian Mayer
Jaume Munar
Rafael Nadal
Alexander Zverev
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Iñigo Cervantes
Taro Daniel
Albert Montañés
Lucas Pouille
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
David Ferrer →replaced by Benoît Paire
Gilles Simon →replaced by Aljaž Bedene
During the tournament
Simone Bolelli (gastroenteritis)
Retirements
Guillermo García-López (hamstring injury)
Doubles main draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of July 20, 2015
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Philipp Kohlschreiber / Philipp Petzschner
Jaume Munar / Rafael Nadal
The following pair received entry from the qualifying draw:
Frank Moser / Jan-Lennard Struff
Withdrawals
During the tournament
Simone Bolelli (gastroenteritis)
Guillermo García-López (hamstring injury)
Finals
Singles
Rafael Nadal defeated Fabio Fognini, 7–5, 7–5
Doubles
Jamie Murray / John Peers defeated. Juan Sebastián Cabal / Robert Farah, 2–6, 6–3, [10–8]
References
External links
Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) tournament profile
German Open
Cora Hubbard (February 1877 – 19??) was a 19th-century outlaw who participated in the August 17, 1897 robbing of the McDonald County Bank in Pineville, Missouri. Hubbard, who was compared at the time to the more prolific female outlaw Belle Starr, was one of only a handful of women who actively participated in the actual bank robbery process during that era.
Background
Though Hubbard claimed to be 28 at the time of the robbery, which would have put their birth in 1870, the 1880 U.S. Census listed their age as three, which would have meant they were born in 1877. In addition, the 1885 Kansas state census puts their birth year at about 1876 and the 1900 federal census, where they are listed as an inmate at a prison in Cole County, Missouri, lists their birth as being in February 1877.
Hubbard was born in Ohio to Union Army veteran Samuel C. and Elizabeth Hubbard. They were the sixth of their seven children and their third and final daughter. In the 1880 census, Samuel (1841–1919) is listed as a cross tie maker and the family is listed as living in the Cedar township of Callaway County, Missouri. Between 1880 and 1885, Elizabeth Hubbard died and the family moved from Missouri to Kansas, living in the Spring Hill Township of Johnson County and later Weir City.
By August 17, 1897, Cora had married and divorced one husband, James Russell, and had married their second husband, "Bud" Parker, just a month and a half earlier. At the time of their crime they were living on Parker's farm in Indian Territory (now Oklahoma) not far from the Kansas state line.
Plan
The plans for the robbery started on Bud Parker's farm near Nowata, Oklahoma, where they had recently brought their new bride, Cora. Cora's brothers Al and William “Bill” Hubbard were living in the same area around this time and John Sheets, a 23-year-old from Missouri, was working on the Parker farm as a hired hand. It is likely the arrival of 31-year-old Albert Whitfield “Whit” Tennison, who drifted into the area that August, was the genesis for the bank robbery plan. Tennison claimed they had previous experience in bank robbing and soon had the group rallied around their idea. The McDonald County Bank was chosen because Bill Hubbard had previously lived in Pineville and knew its layout. Bill Hubbard drew up the map and Bud Parker, Sheets, Tennison and Al Hubbard were designated to execute the plan. But, when the time came for it to be put into action, both Parker and Al Hubbard backed out. Cora then left with Sheets and Tennison and reportedly told their husband that they would not live with a “damn coward.”
On their way to Pineville, the three would-be bank robbers stopped in Coffeyville, Kansas so Sheets could buy a Winchester rifle and ammunition. They then headed to Cora's father's home in Weir City. Sam Hubbard reported that when their daughter arrived they had their hair cut short and was dressed in men's clothing. After spending a couple days in Weir City, the group headed for Pineville, more than 60 miles away.
The gang arrived in Pineville on August 16, 1897 and set up camp outside the town. The following morning, Sheets and Tennison went into town and checked out the layout and to make sure there were not any notable complications for their plan. Seeing none, they returned to the camp to get Cora.
Robbery
Sheets, Tennison and Cora come into Pineville on the morning of August 17, 1897 and stopped about a block from the bank. Hubbard was left to hold the gang's horses while Sheets and Tennison headed to the bank to carry out the robbery. Sheets and Tennison snuck around the corner of the bank and drew their weapons on three men sitting in front of the building, A.V. Manning, president of the bank; John W. Shields, Cashier; and Marcus N. LaMance, county treasurer. They reportedly told the three men, "we're here for the money and we want it damn quick."
Sheets went into the bank with Manning and Shields, while Tennison stayed outside with LaMance to keep watch. Once inside the bank, Shields countered Sheets' demands and Sheets knocked them to the ground with their rifle. Sheets then ordered Manning to hold a sack while Shields filled it with money. Shields filled it with all the coins and currency they could find, a total of $589.23 (the equivalent of $15,700 in 2009 on the Consumer Price Index scale).
Once they had the cash, Sheets herded Shields and Manning out of the bank ahead of him. They and Tennison then moved them down the street in front of them in an effort to keep bystanders from shooting. By the time they reached where Hubbard was waiting with the horses, Tennison had also taken Manning's $15 silver watch.
Escape and capture
From the stable, Sheets, Tennyson and Hubbard mounted up and headed to the northeast. A posse quickly formed in Pineville and followed the small gang. Meanwhile, the gang changed direction and headed around Pineville, but someone reported the change in town and it was telegraphed to Noel, Missouri, about five miles southwest of Pineville. That afternoon, a search party from Pineville got in front of fugitives and joined another posse from Noel at the crossing of Butler Creek to lie in ambush. When Tennison, Sheets and Hubbard started to ride down a gulch toward the creek, the posse opened fire, wounding both Tennison and Sheets with buckshot, mortally wounding Sheet's horse and shooting Cora Hubbard's revolver out of their hand. The gang returned fire, slightly wounding one deputy. Tennison's horse became frightened in the clash, running away and separating them from Hubbard and Sheets. Sheets and Hubbard turned their horses around and made their way out of the gulch before Sheets' horse collapsed and died. Tennison's horse was later found grazing not far from the scene, but the robber was not with it. The next day, a report of a man paying for their breakfast the next morning in Indian Territory, about 25 miles from Pineville, and paid for it in pennies, which coincided with the fact that many pennies had been taken in the robbery. A posse headed by Joe Yeargain of Southwest City, Missouri followed that tip and found Tennison wounded in a cabin 20 miles inside Indian Territory, they had a .45 Winchester, .45 revolver and $121.50 from the robbery. They were captured without incident and was taken to Neosho, Missouri, about 30 miles north of Pineville, where they were housed in the Newton County jail. From Tennison, the posse learned that Hubbard and Sheets were from Weir City. Yeargain then headed the posse to that Kansas town.
Hubbard and Sheets had stolen a horse at gunpoint near where the shootout had happened, providing them both with a means to escape. They traveled 70 miles to Parsons, Kansas, from where Hubbard took a train back to Weir City on the morning of August 21. Sheets promised to follow in a day or two, and from Weir City the pair planned to escape to Iowa.
Shortly after Cora Hubbard returned to their father's home in Weir City the posse also arrived. City Marshal Jim Hatton went to their father's house under the ruse of borrowing their tar kettle and discovered Cora there. As the posse was returning to the home to arrest her, they located Bill Hubbard and arrested them for their role in the robbery, which they had been informed of by Tennison. After taking Bill Hubbard to the city jail, they returned to the Hubbard home, where Cora answered the door and obediently put up their hands "like a child at play putting up its hands before a toy pistol."
A later search of the Hubbard home by Marshal Hatton turned up $161 buried in the vegetable garden, $25 in a hill of peppers and the additional $141 in a hill of potatoes. Also on the premises they found the men's clothes worn by Cora Hubbard during the holdup. In response to this find, McDonald County Sheriff Richard Jarrett and Shields, the back cashier, went to Weir City on August 26. While they were interrogating Sam Hubbard, John Sheets drove up unaware in a buggy and was quickly arrested. In their buggy they found an additional $91 and a .45-caliber six-shooter. Along with Sheets, Sam Hubbard was also arrested and taken back to Missouri because of their reluctance to cooperate with officers in their search for the loot.
Conviction
Sam and Bill Hubbard were released at Pineville on August 28, the day of the preliminary hearing for the three bank robbers. Cora Hubbard, John Sheets and Whit Tennyson were bound over for trial and returned to the Newton County jail in Neosho. They were convicted of bank robbery in January 1898 and sentenced to the state prison at Jefferson City — Hubbard and Sheets for 12 years each and Tennyson for 10. Missouri Governor Alexander Monroe Dockery commuted Cora's sentence the day after Christmas in 1904, and they were released on New Year's Day 1905. During their imprisonment, the one-time bank robber had let their hair grow out but had apparently done little else to enhance their feminine allure in the eyes of the reporter who described them at the time of their release as "short in stature with ... black eyes and a greasy dark complexion."
Accomplices
Albert Whitfield Tennison was born in either September 1865 or on November 25, 1863 in Illinois.  They are listed as married in the 1900 census, when they were in the custody of the Missouri State Penitentiary. In the 1910 census they are married to the former Emma Hogan, but had only been married to them for three years. They died on December 12, 1932 in Hudspeth County, Texas.
John Sheets was born in Missouri in December 1876. They lived for a time in Weir City, Kansas before becoming a farm hand for Bud Parker, Cora Hubbard's second husband. In the 1900 census, they are in the custody of the Missouri State Penitentiary and is listed as single. No additional information has been located on him.
Bud Parker was a farmer with a farm near what is now Nowata, Oklahoma. Though they were initially part of the plan to rob the McDonald County Bank, they eventually backed out, to the scorn of their new bride.
William "Bill" Hubbard was Cora's oldest brother who was born around 1865 in Ohio. They were the oldest child in the family and for a time lived in Pineville, Missouri and drew a plan of the town to aid in the robbery. They were arrested and later released.
Albert "Al" Hubbard was another of Cora's older brothers. They were born around 1871 in Ohio. They were living near the Parker farm when the robbery was planned and was originally planning to take part in the crime, but later backed out.
Later life
Little is known about Cora after their release from prison.  They are listed as being divorced in the 1900 census, making it unlikely that they went back to their second husband, Bud Parker, after their release. But a small note in a Jefferson City newspaper did remark on their release in 1904. It said they had been employed as a seamstress during their incarceration and had been a model prisoner. Now proficient at sewing, they planned to seek employment in that line of work.
Legacy
As one of only a handful of female bank robbers, Cora Hubbard's legacy has survived, even though their known life of crime only included a single bank robbery. As soon as it was originally reported that one of the members of the gang was a woman, area headlines called them the "Second Belle Starr" and proclaimed "Female Bandit Rivals the Daring Deeds of Belle Starr and Kate Bender." Further enhancing this legacy is the only known photo of Cora, which shows them dressed in the men's clothing they wore during the robbery and holding their rifle alongside co-conspirators Tennison and Sheets.
In addition, Cora had previously bragged about being a member of the Dalton Gang. Although this would seem unlikely since they would have been only 15 at the time that infamous gang was obliterated, a Colt .45 revolver with the name "Bob Dalton" etched on the handle and seven notches carved near the trigger guard was found in their father's home after their arrest. This seemed to substantiate their claims that they had been with the Dalton Gang in earlier years and that they had Bob Dalton's six-shooter. The notches were presumed to represent the number of men killed with the Colt.
References
1877 births
American bank robbers
American outlaws
People from Columbus, Ohio
Outlaws of the American Old West
Year of death missing
People from McDonald County, Missouri
The Northern Nevada Land Conservation and Economic Development Act () is a bill that would require the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) to convey certain federal lands in Nevada to other government entities. The bill was a package of several different smaller bills related to land in Nevada.
The bill was introduced into the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress.
Provisions
The bill is an omnibus bill that contains seven other bills within it. One portion of the bill, called the "Lyon County Economic Development and Conservation Act", would give permission for Yerington, Nevada, to join with Nevada Copper in purchasing some land from the Bureau of Land Management. Another portion of the bill would designate an additional 74,000 acres of land as federal wilderness.
Congressional Budget Office report
This summary is based largely on the summary provided by the Congressional Budget Office, as ordered reported by the House Committee on Natural Resources on July 30, 2014. This is a public domain source.
H.R. 5205 would require the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) to convey certain federal lands in Nevada to other government entities. The bill also would designate 73,500 acres as wilderness. Finally, the bill would require the United States Secretary of the Interior to take certain lands into trust for the benefit of the Te-moak Tribe. Based on information provided by the affected agencies and assuming appropriation of the necessary amounts, the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) estimates that implementing the bill would cost less than $500,000. In addition, CBO estimates that enacting H.R. 5205 would increase offsetting receipts, which are treated as reductions in direct spending, by $2 million in 2015; therefore, pay-as-you-go procedures apply. Enacting the legislation would not affect revenues.
H.R. 5205 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act. Conveyances of federal land authorized in the bill would benefit cities and counties in Nevada. Any costs to those entities would be incurred voluntarily as conditions of land conveyances. The Te-moak Tribe of the Western Shoshone Indians of Nevada would benefit from federal land being taken into trust by the federal government on their behalf.
Procedural history
The Northern Nevada Land Conservation and Economic Development Act was introduced into the United States House of Representatives on July 25, 2014, by Rep. Mark E. Amodei (R, NV-2). The bill was referred to the United States House Committee on Natural Resources. On September 15, 2014, the House voted to pass the bill in a voice vote.
Debate and discussion
Rep. Amodei, who introduced the bill, called it a "bipartisan, consensus package" but also said that "I'm quite frankly worried about the ability to get anything through the Senate right now."
Senator Harry Reid (D-NV) was in favor of the bill and said that "these bills will bring much needed jobs to northern Nevada and protect some of Nevada's most distinctive landscapes and I will work with Senator Heller to ensure their passage in the Senate."
See also
List of bills in the 113th United States Congress
References
External links
Library of Congress - Thomas H.R. 5205
beta.congress.gov H.R. 5205
GovTrack.us H.R. 5205
OpenCongress.org H.R. 5205
WashingtonWatch.com H.R. 5205
Congressional Budget Office's report on H.R. 5205
Proposed legislation of the 113th United States Congress
The Conservative Yeshiva is a co-educational institute for study of traditional Jewish texts in Jerusalem. The yeshiva was founded in 1995, and is under the
academic auspices of the Jewish Theological Seminary of America.
The current Roshei Yeshiva is Rabbi Joel Levy and Dr. Joshua Kulp.
The Roshei Yeshiva Emeritus is Rabbi Pesach Schindler zt"l and Rabbi Joel Roth.
The Yeshiva offers Jews from outside the Orthodox world the opportunity to gain the advanced Jewish learning and communal experiences provided by attending a yeshiva. The Yeshiva offers a synthesis of traditional and critical methods, allowing Jewish texts and tradition to encounter social change and modern scholarship. The curriculum focuses on classical Jewish subjects, including Talmud, Tanakh, Midrash, halakha, and philosophy. Learning is conducted in the traditional yeshiva method (shiur and chavruta) with an openness to modern scholarship.
The Conservative Yeshiva's educational programs include the one-year program, pre-college program, advanced studies program, summer program, and Nativ Yeshiva Track.
Notable faculty
Dr. Joshua Kulp, Rosh Yeshiva & co-founder
Rabbi Joel Roth Rosh Yeshiva Emeritis
See also
United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism
Nativ College Leadership Program in Israel
Yeshivat Hadar
References
External links
The Conservative Yeshiva Official Site
Meet Conservative Yeshiva Students and Faculty
Conservative Judaism in Israel
Conservative yeshivas
Educational institutions established in 1995
Yeshivas in Jerusalem
1995 establishments in Israel
Jakob Augustsson (born 8 October 1980 in Häljarp, Sweden), is a former football defender who last played for Ängelholms FF. Prior to signing for the club, they represented Helsingborgs IF. They have also played for FC Lyn Oslo in Norway and Landskrona BoIS.
References
External links
Eliteprospects profile
1980 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Sweden under-21 international footballers
Sweden youth international footballers
Helsingborgs IF players
Landskrona BoIS players
Lyn Fotball players
Sandefjord Fotball players
Ängelholms FF players
Allsvenskan players
Eliteserien players
Swedish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Association football defenders
People from Landskrona Municipality
Footballers from Skåne County
The 2020 Townsville Blackhawks season was the sixth in the club's history. Coached by Aaron Payne and captained by Sam Hoare, they competed in the Intrust Super Cup. The Blackhawks played just one game in 2020 after the season was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
On 17 March, two days after the completion of Round One, the Queensland Rugby League (QRL) announced a 10-week suspension of the competition until 5 June, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. On 27 March, ten days after the suspension, the QRL confirmed the cancellation of the competition for the 2020 season. QRL managing director Robert Moore stated, “by making this announcement now, it provides our clubs with the opportunity to re-set and turn their attention towards the 2021 season."
Season summary
Milestones
Round 1: Josh Hoffman and Moses Meninga made their debuts for the club.
2020 squad
Squad movement
Gains
Losses
Fixtures
Pre-season
Regular season
Statistics
References
2020 in Australian rugby league
2020 in rugby league by club
Townsville Blackhawks
The Department of Public Expenditure and Reform () is a department of the Government of Ireland. It is led by the Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform who is assisted by two Ministers of State.
The department was established in July 2011. The department took over the functions of Public Expenditure from the Department of Finance. The department of Public Expenditure and Reform is responsible for overseeing the reform of the Public Sector. The Comprehensive Expenditure Report 2012–14 set a spending ceiling for the department of €837 million for the year 2013, and €826 million for the year 2014.
Departmental team
The headquarters and ministerial offices of the department are in Government Buildings, Merrion Street, Dublin 2. The departmental team consists of the following:
Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform: Michael McGrath, TD
Minister of State for Office of Public Works: Patrick O'Donovan, TD
Minister of State for Public Procurement and eGovernment: Ossian Smyth, TD
Secretary General of the Department: David Moloney
Overview
The department took over two of the six divisions within the Department of Finance. They are:
Public Expenditure Division – to establish and review short-term and medium-term current and capital public expenditure targets
Organisation, Management and Training Division – has overall responsibility for the management and development of the civil service
The department has 11 divisions:
Civil Service Human Resources Division
Corporate Office
Expenditure Policy and Reporting Division
Expenditure Management EU Policy and Audit Division
Human Resources Strategy Unit
Labour Market and Enterprise Policy Division
Public Service Pay and Pensions Division
Office of Government Procurement
Office of the Chief Medical Officer
Office of the Government Chief Information Officer
Reform Division
History
The department was created by the Ministers and Secretaries (Amendment) Act 2011 with Brendan Howlin as its first minister.
Government reform legislation
Since its establishment, the department has introduced a number of government reform measures:
Ombudsman (Amendment) Act 2012, which brought approximately 200 additional public bodies under the scrutiny of the Ombudsman;
Houses of the Oireachtas (Inquiries, Privileges and Procedures) Act 2013, to provide for Oireachtas inquiries;
Protected Disclosures Act 2014, protecting whistleblowers;
Freedom of Information Act 2014, expanding the remit of FOI;
Registration of Lobbyists Act 2015 providing for a new registration system; and
Public Sector Standards Bill 2015 to update legislation on ethics in government.
See also
Revenue Commissioners
References
External links
Department of Public Expenditure and Reform
Public Expenditure and Reform
Ireland, Public Expenditure and Reform
Economy of the Republic of Ireland
Ireland, Public Expenditure and Reform
2011 establishments in Ireland
Reform in Ireland
Geary County (county code GE) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 36,739. Its county seat and most populous city is Junction City. The county is named in honor of Governor John W. Geary.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. Geary County was formed on August 30, 1855, as an original county from open, free territory. It was among the first 33 counties established by the territory government.
Geary County was originally named Davis County in 1855 after Jefferson Davis (then the United States Secretary of War). During the American Civil War, when Davis became president of the Confederacy, attempts were made to change the county's name, but both failed. Federal and state census records show it as Davis County from 1860 through 1885. In 1888 the county was renamed in honor of John W. Geary, an early Governor of the Kansas Territory.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (4.9%) is water. It is the second-smallest county in Kansas by land area and third-smallest by total area.
Adjacent counties
Riley County (north)
Wabaunsee County (east)
Morris County (south)
Dickinson County (west)
Clay County (northwest)
Demographics
Geary County is part of the Manhattan, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.
As of the 2000 census, there were 27,947 people, 10,458 households, and 7,582 families residing in the county. The population density was 73 people per square mile (28/km2). There were 11,959 housing units at an average density of 31 per square mile (12/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 64.13% White, 22.03% Black or African American, 0.75% Native American, 3.16% Asian, 0.41% Pacific Islander, 4.10% from other races, and 5.41% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.45% of the population.
There were 10,458 households, out of which 39.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.90% were married couples living together, 12.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.50% were non-families. 22.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.07.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 29.60% under the age of 18, 13.60% from 18 to 24, 30.00% from 25 to 44, 17.40% from 45 to 64, and 9.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,917, and the median income for a family was $36,372. Males had a median income of $25,942 versus $21,389 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,199. About 9.70% of families and 12.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.80% of those under age 18 and 9.90% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
For most of its history, Geary County has been dominated by the Republican Party. The party's presidential candidates have failed to win the county only seven times from 1880 to the present day, the last of these occurring in 1964.
Laws
Geary County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement. The food sales requirement was removed with voter approval in 1990.
The county voted "No" on the 2022 Kansas Value Them Both Amendment, an anti-abortion ballot measure, by 61% to 39% despite backing Donald Trump with 55% of the vote to Joe Biden's 41% in the 2020 presidential election.
Education
Unified school districts
Geary County USD 475
Communities
Cities
Grandview Plaza
Junction City (county seat)
Milford
Unincorporated community
Wreford
Ghost towns
Alida, razed when Milford Lake was built
Fort Riley
Located north of the junction of the Smoky Hill and Republican rivers, the Fort Riley Military Reservation covers in Geary and Riley counties. The fort has a daytime population of nearly 25,000 and includes one census-designated place:
Fort Riley (formerly Fort Riley North), primarily in Riley County
Townships
Geary County is divided into eight townships. The city of Junction City is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Geary County, Kansas
References
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Geary County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 42 pages; 1909.
External links
County
Geary County - Directory of Public Officials
Other
Junction City and Geary County Economic Development
Geary County Convention and Visitors Bureau
Fort Riley
Historical
Geary County Kansas AHGP
Maps
Geary County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1889 establishments in Kansas
Manhattan, Kansas metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1889
Power Drive Rally is a racing video game developed by Rage Software and published by Time Warner Interactive for the Atari Jaguar in North America and Europe in 1995. It was also published in Japan by Messe Sansao on the same year. It is the sequel to Power Drive, which was released earlier in 1994 on multiple platforms.
Themed around rallying, the players race in multiple types of events on various regions and countries around the world and earning money by choosing either of the six officially licensed cars from vehicle manufacturers such as Fiat, BMC, Vauxhall, Renault, Ford and Toyota. Although the game inherits most of its game design and mechanics from the original Power Drive, all of the tracks and many of its featured vehicles are new in the sequel.
Power Drive Rally received mixed reviews when it was released with critics praising the graphics, controls, difficulty and gameplay, while also being criticized for the music and slow pacing by some critics, sound effects and for being too similar to its 16-bit original entry but regardless, it was named "Best Jaguar Game of the Year" by VideoGames and it was referred by multiple publications such as GameFan and Ultimate Future Games as one of the best games for the system. Retrospective reviews have been more positive.
Gameplay
Power Drive Rally is a top-down rally racing game where players observe from above and races across various parts of the world by participating in several events. There are a total of 34 stages to race along, each having their own weather conditions that changes how the car is controlled through the track and two modes of play. Progress is manually saved after completing each race in either of the three slots available via the cartridge's EEPROM and they are allowed to resume their last race saved at the main menu by pressing C on the controller. The internal memory in the game cartridge also saves high-scores and other settings made by the player.
In the single-player mode, players have to compete in a racing season across multiple regions and countries around the world such as England, Finland, Italy, Arizona, France, Sweden, Kenya and Corsica by facing three types of events at the beginning such as special stage, rally cross and skill test in order qualify for the next race and earn funds to keep competing. Special stage events pits the player racing against time while facing multiple obstacles, each one consisting of three-laps, while rally cross events are races against a CPU-controlled opponent and they also consist of three-laps as well. Skill test involves the player testing their driving abilities to start and stop, backing up and other skills in specially designed courses with obstacles against time, which can be penalized if any traffic cone is dropped. Endurance, a fourth type of event is introduced later in the game and involves the player in five-lap races before the time runs out. Failing to qualify for the next race results in the player paying a re-entry fee to try again and the game is over once they run out of money. In some tracks, there are items available to pick up such as money, stopwatches that freezes time for five seconds and nitrous that gives the player a boost in speed. On night tracks, players have to turn their headlights by pressing 2 on the controller's keypad. Returning from Power Drive is the damage system, where if any component of the car takes too much damage will lead a change in the vehicle's in-game behavior, increasing the difficulty to race on the track and after finishing the race, players can choose or not to repair a specific part of their vehicle. There is also a practice mode where players can test their driving skills on any of the four selectable tracks, each with their own pre-set obstacles and a multiplayer mode where two players race in a head-to-head match on any of the single-player tracks but items are not available.
Development and release
Power Drive Rally was first showcased to the public in an early playable state at SCES '94 under the name Rage Rally. In a 1995 preview article by Computer and Video Games magazine, it was revealed that Power Drive Rally was in development since February 1994 and at the same time as with Power Drive for both the Super NES and Mega Drive. It was later showcased in a near-finished state during WCES '95 and Spring ECTS '95. French magazine Consoles + reported that the game would support two-player simultaneous multiplayer via the JagLink peripheral, but it is unknown if the final release still features support for the accessory. It made its last trade show appearance at E3 1995. It is also the only game in the Jaguar's library that features an alternative packaging design for other regions.
In an interview with Philip Nixon, sole designer and artist of Power Drive Rally, they and the game's programmer Peter Johnson contacted the Liverpool offices of Rage Software and were offered to convert the SNES version of Power Drive to the Jaguar. Philip was responsible for all the art and tracks in the game, while they reused and upgraded the original art files, in addition to the increased resolution to scale down the sprites for improved gameplay view. While in a March 1995 interview with online magazine Atari Explorer Online, Peter stated that all of the game's programming relies upon the system's Blitter processor and that it runs at 50 frames per second, in addition of having a lesser number of tracks compared to the original game, among other features. It was created by a small team of four people in total.
Reception
Pre-release
When previewed in their March 1995 issue, Dave Halverson of GameFan remarked that the game needed fixes in the controls and voice samples but gave positive remarks to the graphics and attention to detail, stating that "This is gonna' be a good one!".
Post-release
Next Generation reviewed the Jaguar version of the game, and stated that "if you're feeling nostalgic for the good old-fashioned overhead racer, this is a good one to check out."
References
External links
Power Drive Rally at AtariAge
Power Drive Rally at GameFAQs
Power Drive Rally at MobyGames
1995 video games
Atari Jaguar games
Atari Jaguar-only games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Racing video games
Rage Games games
Time Warner Interactive games
Top-down racing video games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Video game sequels
Video games set in Arizona
Video games set in Corsica
Video games set in England
Video games set in Finland
Video games set in France
Video games set in Italy
Video games set in Kenya
Video games set in Sweden
CKLC-FM (98.9 MHz) is a commercial radio station in Kingston, Ontario, Canada. It broadcasts a country format and is branded on-air as Pure Country 99. It is owned and operated by Bell Media which also owns sister station CFLY-FM.
The radio studios and offices are on Princess Street in Kingston. The transmitter is on Dawson Point Road on Wolfe Island.
History
CKLC, along with its sister station CKLC-FM, began operations in 1953 at 1380 on the AM dial as an affiliate of the CBC's Dominion Network and remained with the network until it dissolved in 1962. The call letters are taken from Kingston's nickname, the "Limestone City". Some of its earliest alumni include newscaster Allan Saunders (Sandzelius), Al Boliska as morning man, and disk jockeys Buddy Guilfoyle and Ron Bertrand. The original station manager was John Bermingham. 1380 CKLC started broadcasting in AM Stereo in the summer of 1985.
In 2001, CKLC changed from its adult contemporary format in favour of a national sports radio network The Team. In August 2002, after just over a year on the air, then-owner CHUM Limited reversed their decision on the Team format and CKLC moved to an adult standards format as "All-time favourites".
In April 2007, CKLC applied to move to the FM band at 98.9 MHz and was given approval by the CRTC on August 28, 2007.
CKLC-FM began broadcasting a test signal on 98.9 in October 2007, with an announcement that "Kingston's newest radio station" will be launching either "soon" or "in the weeks to come". The test signal included classic alternative rock music. The test announcements featured the voice of CHUM-FM's Darren B Lamb. On November 29, 2007, after a short test period, CKLC made the flip from AM to FM.
The new CKLC-FM tower was to be installed on the same land as the 1380 AM transmitter site located on Wolfe Island. Due to safety concerns, the construction could not commence on the new 500' FM tower while the 4 175' AM towers remained on and standing. So for the first several weeks on air, CKLC-FM broadcast from a temporary 1 kW transmitter on the old AM STL tower attached to the transmitter building. Once the main transmitter was completed, the station powered up to its full authorized power of 15,000 watts.
In 2007, CHUM Limited was acquired by CTVglobemedia. Before CHUM was purchased, the company had applied to the CRTC to convert CKLC to 98.9 MHz with an average effective radiated power of 8,700 watts. On August 28, the Commission approved that application.
On November 29, 2007, CKLC launched its FM signal and flipped from easy listening to alternative as 98.9 The Drive. CKLC 1380 left the air in December without ever simulcasting the new CKLC-FM. The AM had authorization to simulcast the FM for three months.
On May 27, 2019, CKLC started stunting with a wide range of music. The next day, the station flipped to country as Pure Country 99, joining all other Bell Media-owned country stations in adopting the "Pure Country" brand that day. In January 2020, the station attracted press attention when, in the midst of a controversy around the underrepresentation of women in country music, it committed to playing a 50/50 balance of male and female country artists for one week.
References
External links
Pure Country 99
(Old frequency)
KLC
KLC
KLC
Radio stations established in 1953
1953 establishments in Ontario
KLC
Adelia Cleopatra Graves (pen name, Aunt Alice; March 17, 1821 - 1895) was an American educator, author, and poet. At one time serving as Professor of Latin and Belles-lettres at Mary Sharp College, they went on to occupy the position of Matron and Professor of Rhetoric in the college. In 1841, they married Prof. Zuinglius Calvin Graves (1816–1902), who was serving as president of Kingsville Academy. They were the author of several books including juvenile literature under the pseudonym of "Aunt Alice". They also contributed prose and verse to periodical literature. In their day, Graves was one of the most popular writers of the South. Them best-known works were: Life of Columbus; Poems for Children; Seclusarval, or the Arts of Romanism; and Jephtha's Daughter, a drama.
Early years and education
Adelia Cleopatra Spencer was born in Kingsville, Ohio, March 17, 1821. They were the daughter of Dr. Daniel M. Spencer and Marian T. Cook, and a niece of Platt Rogers Spencer, the originator of the Spencerian script. Graves' mother was an intellectual. Them family was wealthy and cultured, all the men having for generations had the benefit of collegiate education. Them father especially excelled in the Greek and Latin languages.
Graves spent their early life on the shores of Lake Erie, where they resolved to devote their life to literature. They loved to be alone, passing their time on the beach, or in the old forests near where they had been born. Them love of nature was a passion, the record of which was preserved in some of their earliest unpublished poems. Stanzas written before they were nine years old were models of correct versification, exhibiting simplicity of expression and happy choice of words which characterized the productions of their more mature years. They wrote because they could not restrain the flow of thoughts, taking shape in rhymes.
They were a graduate of Kingsville Academy.
Career
In 1841, they married Dr. Zuinglius Calvin Graves, who was at that time president of Kingsville Academy; later, president of Soule College; and founder and president of Mary Sharp College. A few years after their marriage, Graves received a bad injury, which crippled their physical energies. For five years, they could not walk across their room; and later found it difficult to walk a short distance.
For years, they taught classes in languages in the Kingsville Academy. At Mary Sharp College, there were few positions they did not occupy at some point, save that of mathematics. For 32 years, they were matron and professor of rhetoric, belles-lettres, elocution, and English composition. They also taught French, ancient history, ancient geography, and English literature.
The published works of Graves include Seclusaval, or the Arts of Romanism (1870), a work written to deter Protestants from sending children to Catholic schools; and Jephtha's Daughter, a drama, (1867). Besides these, there were two prize stories. Twelve or thirteen small volumes were also compiled from the Southern Child's Book, at the request of the Southern Baptist Sabbath School Union, for the use of Sunday schools. For years, Graves edited and wrote for that publication. They wrote the Old Testament Catechism in Rhyme (1859), on request of the same society, for African American slaves, for which they received a line. Them unpublished poems were numerous.
Graves contributed to different periodicals, mostly fugitive poems, and two prose tales, and a prize tale. "Ruined Lives," published in the Southern Repository, in Memphis, Tennessee, and the drama of Jephthah's Daughter, were some of their other published works.
Graves is mentioned in Woman in Sacred Song, and Southland Poets, as well as in the Successful Men of Tennessee for their extraordinary financial ability, having managed a business of per year for years at a time.
Selected works
1835, Woman in Sacred Song
1854, First lessons in gentleness and truth.: By Aunt Alice
1855, A home book : for good children
1859, Melodies of heart and home
1859, The child's scripture catechism in rhyme
1867, Jephthah's Daughter. A Drama in Five Acts. Founded on the Eleventh Chapter of Judges
1869, Seclusaval : or, The arts of romanism
References
Citations
Attribution
Bibliography
External links
1821 births
1895 deaths
19th-century American educators
19th-century American writers
19th-century American women writers
Educators from Ohio
People from Kingsville, Ohio
Pseudonymous women writers
19th-century American women educators
19th-century pseudonymous writers
Neuromancer is a 1984 novel by William Gibson.
Neuromancer may also refer to:
Neuromancer (video game), 1988 video game
Neuromance, 2005 studio album
The Neuromancer (album), 2014 studio album
"Let's Rock the House" is a song by American singer La Toya Jackson. It is taken from their 1991 album No Relations. It was released as a single on 12" and CD formats with club remixes, and was released on the heels of Jackson's previous single, "Sexbox".
Track listing
Album Version
Radio Mix
DigiTrax Mix
Electrochic Mix
J. Jordan Dub
References
1992 singles
La Toya Jackson songs
House music songs
1991 songs
In the mythology of some Māori tribal groups, Urutonga is the wife of Hemā, and the mother of Tāwhaki and Kahiri.
Hema was killed by the Ponaturi, and Urutonga and their sons, Tāwhaki and Karihi, killed them all but two in revenge. They tricked the Ponaturi into entering a house, and then locked them in, claiming there was still time before the dawn. They then opened the door after the sun was up, the Ponaturi died at the exposure to sunlight.
References
Māori mythology
"In a Little While" is a song by American singer-songwriter Uncle Kracker from their second album, No Stranger to Shame (2002). It was released as a single on August 12, 2002, and peaked at number 59 on the US Billboard Hot 100. The single also reached number 26 on the Adult Contemporary chart.
Music video
The music video was directed by Nick Quested and premiered the week of August 26, 2002. American singer-songwriter Willa Ford makes an appearance.
Track listings
US promo CD
"In a Little While" (radio edit) – 3:54
European and Australian maxi-single
"In a Little While" (radio edit) – 3:59
"In a Little While" (album version) – 4:10
"I Don't Know" (remix) – 3:54
Charts
Release history
References
2002 singles
2002 songs
Lava Records singles
Songs written by Michael Bradford
Songs written by Uncle Kracker
Uncle Kracker songs
Bamir Myrteza Topi (; born 24 April 1957) is an Albanian diplomat and politician. They also are the President of Albania from July 2007 to July 2012.
Topi was also the honorary President of the Albanian football club KF Tirana from 2005 to 2007. In September 2012, Topi became the leader of the New Democratic Spirit party.
Early life, education and career
Topi graduated from the Agricultural University of Tirana in veterinary studies and earned a PhD degree in the same field. In 1984, they were appointed a Scientific Researcher at the Institute of Veterinary Scientific Researches until 1995. During the 1987-90 period, they attended post-graduate studies in Italy in the field of Molecular Biology. After their return from Italy, Topi was appointed Director of the Food Safety and Veterinary Institute, a position held until the end of 1995. During the activity in this Institute as the Director and Scientific Researcher, Topi gave a Western world physiognomy to this important institution of the country. Alongside their work as Scientific Researcher, Topi has carried out a dense academic activity in preparing the educational curricula of the Toxicology and Pharmacology subjects for the students and postgraduates of the Veterinary Medicine Faculty while at the same time they were also a lecturer of these subjects for about a decade. They were first elected as a parliamentarian of the Assembly of Albania in 1996 and was appointed Minister of Agriculture and Food where they served until 1997. They were elected to three mandates in the Assembly of Albania as a candidate of Democratic Party of Albania. In two terms Topi led the Parliamentary Group of Democratic Party in the Assembly. They have been elected vice-chairperson of the Democratic Party of Albania, which is led by Sali Berisha. Topi has been distinguished and widely hailed as a politician of a moderated profile, as very active in resolving the crisis between the ruling majority and opposition and as a protagonist of political agreements and various parliamentary initiatives. They also hold the title of Honorary President of Albanian football club KF Tirana.
Presidency
On 8 March 2007, Topi said that they would be the candidate of the ruling Democratic Party in the 2007 presidential election. Both the Demochristian and Republican parties said that they would probably support him. Parliament took 4 tries, and the opposition finally gave up and elected Topi, a choice of Prime Minister Sali Berisha.
On a vote held on 8 July, Topi won 75 votes in parliament; this was not enough to be elected president, as at least 84 votes are required. The opposition, led by the Socialist Party, boycotted the vote. The second round of voting for electing the president was held on 10 July. The parliament still failed to elect a president; this time Topi received 74 votes. On 14 July, another vote was held; this time Topi won only 50 votes, while Neritan Ceka of the Democratic Alliance Party won 32.
On 20 July, in the fourth round of voting, Topi was supported by some members of the opposition and won 85 votes, thus being elected as the President of the Republic of Albania for a five-year term. They were sworn in on 24 July.
Topi officially resigned their position as vice-chairperson of the Democratic Party of Albania and at the same time withdrew from their party.  They are considered to be impartial politically.
Support for Kosovo's independence
Topi is a vocal advocate of independence for Kosovo. They pointed out the need for a sovereign state of Kosovo before the European Council and other international instances.
With a joint invitation of Kosovo's President, Fatmir Sejdiu, and the head of the UN mission, Joachim Ruecker, Topi stayed for a three-day visit in Kosovo in January 2009. They were proclaimed an honorary citizen of the capital Pristina. During their visit, they were also conferred an honorary doctorate by the University of Pristina.
Honours and awards
Knight Grand Cross of the Grand Order of King Tomislav ("For outstanding contribution to the development and improvement of relations between the Republic of Croatia and the Republic of Albania." – 7 April 2009)
Doctor Honoris Causa of the University of Pristina (25 January 2008)
Honorary Citizen of Pristina (26 January 2008)
Honorary Citizen of Burrel
Honorary Citizen of Gjakova, Kosovo
See also
Presidents of Albania
References
External links
Official website
1957 births
Living people
Albanian Sunni Muslims
Presidents of Albania
Albanian Muslims
Albanian veterinarians
Democratic Party of Albania politicians
New Democratic Spirit politicians
Politicians from Tirana
Agricultural University of Tirana alumni
Crazy Awesome Teachers () is a 2020 Indonesian comedy drama film directed by , written by Rahabi Mandra, produced by Dian Sastrowardoyo and Tanya Yuson and starring Gading Marten, Boris Bokir and Kevin Ardilova.
Cast
Gading Marten as Taat Pribadi
Boris Bokir as Nelson Manulang
Kevin Ardilova as Ipang
Dwiky Al Asyam as Tukang jahit
Ibnu Jamil as Gagah
Shakira Jasmine as Saulina
Faradina Mufti as Rahayu
Nikandro Mailangkay as Bimbim
Dian Sastrowardoyo as Nirmala
Arswendi Nasution as Purnama
Asri Welas as Indah
Kiki Narendra
Release
Crazy Awesome Teachers was released on August 17, 2020 on Netflix.
References
External links
2020 films
Indonesian-language Netflix original films
2020s Indonesian-language films
Indonesian comedy-drama films
2020 direct-to-video films
Steve "Chugger" Dietrich (born February 18, 1970 in Kitchener, Ontario) is the General Manager of the Buffalo Bandits of the National Lacrosse League. Dietrich is also a NLL Hall of Fame goaltender who has played with the Calgary Roughnecks, Buffalo Bandits, Rochester Knighthawks, Detroit Turbos, Baltimore Thunder, and Toronto Rock.
Professional career
Dietrich played six seasons with each of the Bandits and Knighthawks. They led the Bandits to the NLL Championship game twice, in 2004 and 2006, and also won the Championship with the Knighthawks in 1997, when they were named Championship game MVP. They were named NLL Goaltender of the Year in both 2005 and 2006, and was the first goaltender to be named NLL MVP in 2006.
On November 22, 2010, Dietrich announced their retirement as a player in the NLL to become the Toronto Rock's goaltending coach.
In July 2012, Dietrich was announced as the new General Manager of the Buffalo Bandits, after Darris Kilgour was relieved of that title earlier in the month.
On July 30, 2012, Dietrich was elected in the NLL Hall of Fame. Dietrich was the leading vote-getter, appearing on 79% of all ballots cast. The induction ceremony was held on October 2, 2012.
Statistics
NLL
Reference:
Awards
References
1970 births
Living people
Buffalo Bandits players
Calgary Roughnecks players
Canadian expatriate lacrosse people in the United States
Canadian lacrosse players
Canadian people of German descent
Lacrosse goaltenders
Lacrosse people from Ontario
National Lacrosse League All-Stars
National Lacrosse League major award winners
Rochester Knighthawks players
Sportspeople from Kitchener, Ontario
Toronto Rock players
Joseph Maria Frederick Wilhelm of Saxe-Hildburghausen, Duke in Saxony (; 5 October 1702 – Hildburghausen, 4 January 1787), was a German officer, Generalfeldmarschall of the Imperial Army and Reichsgeneralfeldmarschall (Reichsgeneralfeldzeugmeister) of the Army of the Holy Roman Empire.  They are best known for commanding the Franco-Roman-German at the Battle of Rossbach, losing to the Prussian Army.
Early life
They were the third but second surviving son of Ernst, Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen and Princess Sophie of Waldeck-Pyrmont, daughter of German field marshal Prince Georg Friedrich of Waldeck. Their mother died ten days after their birth, on 15 October 1702.
They received the typical education of a nobleman of their time, with some educational journeys to the different countries of Europe. When they were sixteen years old, the prince joined the Habsburg Army and became already in 1719 a staff captain in the Infantry Regiment N°18 "Seckendorff", and fought with it in Sicily during the War of the Quadruple Alliance (1717–1720).
After their conversion to Catholicism in 1728, a rapid ascent in their military career began.
In 1729 they were appointed lieutenant-colonel (Oberstleutnant) and the next year (18 July 1730) colonel (Oberst) of the Regiment "Palffy". In January 1732 they got their own 8th Infantry Regiment. Briefly after the outbreak of War of the Polish Succession (1733-1735/1738; since 1734 Generalfeldwachtmeister) they served in the following campaigns in northern Italy. They distinguished himself, especially in the Battle of San Pietro, where they were wounded in the face, and was promoted to lieutenant field marshal (Feldmarschall-Leutnant) before the end of the war (on 30 April 1735).
Joseph ended the War of the Polish Succession with the rank of Feldzeugmeister (25 September 1736). Only one year later, during the Austro-Turkish War, 1737–1739, they were entrusted with the command of an Austrian Corps. In 1737, their attempt to conquer Banja Luka failed, but in practically all important engagements of the war, Joseph displayed personal bravery, for example in the Battle of Grocka (on 22 July 1739), where they covered the retreat of the Imperial Army.
War of the Austrian Succession
After the war, Joseph was promoted on 11 June 1739 to Generalfeldzeugmeister of the Imperial Army and was appointed Governor of Komárom in Hungary. At the beginning of the War of the Austrian Succession (1740–1748) Joseph raised in Komárom new Hungarian Regiments and consulted by the Austrian military administration in the conduct of the war. In 1743 they were appointed High Military Director and General Commander of Inner-Austria, Karlstadt and Warasdin. Thus they were responsible for the organization of the Military Frontier and the military supply. for this service, they were promoted to Feldmarschall (18 April 1744). In May 1749 they were relieved of their duties at their own demand.
Battle of Rossbach
In the following years, they lived quietly in the Archduchy of Austria. After the outbreak of the Seven Years' War (1756–1763), in the spring of 1757, Joseph was appointed Commander of the Imperial Army, with orders to advance against King Frederick II of Prussia. Together with a French Corps, the Imperial Army was defeated in the Battle of Rossbach (5 November 1757). Joseph, shamed by the defeat, decided to renounce all military functions. In the evaluation by later historians the prince was nearly always blamed for the defeat, although they could hardly have changed the outcome of the fight, because of the catastrophic condition of the Imperial Army and the ineffectiveness of the French troops. Rather symbolic was the appointment to the post of Field Marshal of the Imperial Army (9 November 1785), with which the military career of Joseph ended. They died shortly after.
Personal life
Joseph maintained for most of their life very good relations with the Habsburg family. In 1739 the Emperor Charles VI appointed them Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece, the dynastic order of the Habsburgs. On 13 March 1741 they represented King August III of Poland as godfather of the young Archduke Joseph, the son of the Empress Maria Theresa. This illustrates how close they stood to the new Empress, whose close friend they were to remain the rest of their life.
On 17 April 1738 Joseph married in Paris to Princess Maria Anna Victoria of Savoy, niece and sole heiress of the enormous fortune of the deceased Prince Eugene of Savoy. They were also twenty years older than they are. Thanks to this union, Joseph came into the possession of large estates and assets. The marriage, however, was unhappy, and in 1752 they separated, but never formalised the divorce.
The prince earned themselves a reputation as a patron, but also as a spendthrift. They spent most time at their castle in Vienna, but when their relatives the Dukes of Saxe-Hildburghausen were heavily indebted, they became by order of the Holy Roman Emperor Joseph II in 1769 manager of the Duchy, in order to avoid the bankruptcy of Saxe-Hildburghausen. Their grandnephew, Duke Ernst Frederick III, was incapacitated to rule. When they died (1780) they left a young heir, the seventeen years old prince Frederick, over whom Joseph took on the role of prince-regent, which they retained until their own death, aged eighty-four.
References
1702 births
1787 deaths
House of Saxe-Hildburghausen
Generals of the Holy Roman Empire
Austrian military personnel of the Seven Years' War
People of the Silesian Wars
Tetuán is a barrio in the municipality of Utuado, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 680.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Tetuán barrio was 1,678.
Landslide
On May 28, 2019 a landslide occurred in Tetuán cutting off many families' access to the main road, Puerto Rico Highway 140. The mayor said landslides are a normal occurrence in the Utuado municipality.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Utuado, Puerto Rico
t Schulten Hues is a restaurant in Zutphen, Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star for the period 2005-present.
GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.
Head chef of t Schulten Hues is Peter Gast.
Gast and their wife Jacqueline van Liere opened the restaurant in September 2002. Originally, the restaurant was located on the Houtmarkt, but moved to a bigger location at 's-Gravenhof in 2007.
Book
In 2010, t Schulten Hues presented a book named "Portfolio XL" in a rather exceptional size: 0.5 meter x 0.7 meter.
See also
List of Michelin starred restaurants in the Netherlands
References
Restaurants in the Netherlands
Michelin Guide starred restaurants in the Netherlands
Restaurants in Gelderland
Zutphen
The Idea of Pakistan is a book written by the American political scientist Stephen P. Cohen. First published in 2004, the book attempts to answer the question of "What is Pakistan?" and goes beyond the simplistic labels given to this south-Asian nation; by unravelling Pakistan's past, Cohen wants to predict the nation's future and how the idea of Pakistan will work.
Background and content
The book is a followup to India: Emerging Power and prepares the way for The Future of Pakistan, written in 2012, which was drawn from the concluding chapter of The Idea of Pakistan.
In the book Steve Cohen discusses the "idea of Pakistan, the state of Pakistan, regionalism and separation, demographic, educational and economic prospects, Pakistan's future and American options" among other things. Towards the end, Cohen outlines five futures for Pakistan (implicitly saying that the future will consist of a mix of each rather than any single one). These scenarios are: "the emergence of a moderate, democratic state; the rise of authoritarianism; the rise of an Islamist state; Pakistan's possible breakup and Pakistan after a major war with India".
Cohen notes how the vision of Pakistan as a state for the Muslims of South Asia was torn apart with the creation of Bangladesh in 1971. Ahmad Faruqui notes how Cohen acknowledges that "the relentless pursuit of Kashmir has done more damage to Pakistan than any other single issue". They say that the vision of a democratic state "is doubtful whether the Pakistani military with its oversized political agenda will ever let this vision come to pass," adding that "the Pakistani army is long on memory and short on foresight". Ahmad Faruqui notes how the "book's implicit hypothesis is that Pakistan's insecurities have led to military rule". Cohen also blames the politicians for being unable to make a state that fulfills basic obligations to its citizens.
Reviews and reactions
India Today writes that the book "is a detailed biography of a state let down by men as well as history, with every act of salvation ending as betrayal...".
Rizwan Web of the Institute of Peace and Conflict Studies writes that Cohen says that Pakistan is run by the "Establishment" comprising various elites; a group which believes that India has to be countered, nuclear weapons have secured Pakistan, Kashmir is the unfinished part of the partition plan, and large-scale social reforms are unacceptable, vocal Muslim nationalism is desirable but Islamism is not; Washington should not be trusted but should be taken maximum advantage of.
The book also provides a view of how Washington can advance its interests in South Asia.
Qadar Bakhsh Baloch of Qurtuba University writes, "The basic theme of the book is that the Idea of Pakistan has fallen short of its ideas and the biggest question today is how the idea of Pakistan will work". However Baloch writes: "Cohen's facts are questionable, their logic manipulative, and their omissions are deliberate and meaningful".
In Outlook magazine, Indian politician Jaswant Singh cites Cohen, who says that "this 'Indian dimension of Pakistan's identity' [was]...systematically overlooked by contemporary Pakistani politicians and scholars"; this, according to Singh, "creates a cruel dilemma—for it can neither be rejected nor acknowledged by Pakistan. How to reject the reality of one geography, or pervert totally a common historical past?"
See also
Military Inc.
References
External links
Book on Archive.org
2004 non-fiction books
History books about Pakistan
Donglin Temple () is a name used for several temples in China:
Donglin Temple (Jiangxi)
Donglin Temple (Shanghai)
Buddhist temple disambiguation pages
Sustainable land management (SLM) refers to practices and technologies that aim to integrate the management of land, water, and other environmental resources to meet human needs while ensuring long-term sustainability, ecosystem services, biodiversity, and livelihoods. The term is used, for example, in regional planning and soil or environmental protection, as well as in property and estate management.
Scope
The World Bank defines sustainable land management as a process in a charged environment between environmental protection and the guarantee claim of ecosystem services on the one hand. On the other hand, it is about productivity of agriculture and forestry with respect to demographic growth and increasing pressure in land use.
The United Nations Economic Commission for Europe (UNECE) applies the term in a much wider context. Besides agriculture and forestry, they include the mineral extraction sector, property and estate management.
In the course of national politics and programmes, few European states use the terminology "sustainable land management". Here Australia and New Zealand are to be mentioned, as both countries have agreed on sustainable land management with respect to climate change as part of their government programmes.
In the European context, the definition of the European Network for Land Use Management for Sustainable European Cities (LUMASEC) may be used as a reference. It emphasizes the inter- and transdisciplinary cooperation on sustainable land management:
Research
Since 2010, the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF) funds an international research program on "sustainable land management". Module A of the program investigates interactions between land management, climate change, and ecosystem services. It includes projects operating in South America, Africa, Europe, Central Asia, and South Asia. Module B seeks "innovative system solutions" in 13 projects with a Central European focus.
Furthermore, the Economics of Land Degradation (ELD) Initiative seeks to establish a cost benefit analysis on the practice of sustainable land management highlighting its economic benefits. This economic analysis will help decision makers to take appropriate measures to combat land degradation globally. Additionally, the Initiative supports regional case studies focusing on Africa and Central Asia.
The need for sustainable land management
In September 2020, scientists published an interactive world map of terrestrial regions where protected areas acting as a "Global Safety Net" or -as a gradual improvement - more sustainable management would help achieve various climate and conservation goals.
See also
Holistic management
Permaculture
References
External links
Sustainable land management – website of the BMBF-Funding
Holistic Management International
Global Land Project website – The Global Land Project is a joint research project for land systems for the International Geosphere-Biosphere Programme (IGBP) and the International Human Dimensions Programme (IHDP)
URBACT website
website of the BMBF-Funding project REFINA - (Research for the Reduction of Land Consumption and for Sustainable Land Management
Sustainable Forestry- website of the National Research Programme "Sustainable Forestry" of the BMBF]
The Economics of Land Degradation (ELD) Initiative
Human geography
Land
Donald Attig (born February 2, 1936 in Pontiac, Illinois) is an inventor, boat designer, entrepreneur, yachtsman and adventurer.
Biography
Attig attended St. Mary's Grade School, Pontiac Township High School, and Flanagan, Illinois High School, and Eureka College. They held a number of different jobs over the years.
While still in their twenties, Attig retired the first time to carry out a record-setting voyage in a power cruiser, which they designed and built. Using it, they became the first man from the area to make a water journey from Seneca, Illinois on the Illinois River to New Orleans, the terminus of the Mississippi River. From New Orleans, they moved around the Gulf Coast, eventually crossing the Gulf of Mexico to St. Petersburg, Florida and cruised for a period on the yacht.
Donald Attig established three sets of World Class Benchmark records in the Adventure and Endurance Challenge categories. In the late sixties, they developed a system for assembly line production of panelized, all-molded homes. Attig also created a Research Foundation, which they funded from their resources.
Toward the International Benchmark records
In 1968, by permission of the Honorable Brian O'Kelly, they became the first person to build a three-mast sailing ship from the keel up in the US under the Irish Flag. For ten years, Attig and their family lived and voyaged on the three-mast sailing ship. Attig skippered the vessel over 5,000 miles on rivers and the inland waterways system before putting it out to sea. During this 5,000 mile voyages on inland waterways, Attig developed and honed the skills which decades later would carry them through the World Class Benchmark record establishing efforts. Attig sailed with their wife and newborn son to Ireland in 1977 and traveled to many other places. Two of their five children, Omar Brendan and John Paul, were born on the vessel. For years, Attig and their son Omar operated free sailing excursions. These sailing excursions took place on the Schooner for at-risk youth with children of any religion from Northern Ireland during the troubles and others in need. After their eldest son, Omar, who had been born on the ship, was involved in a fatal car crash, Attig turned the ship over to the VEC Youth Reach Program.
Benchmark Records in their seventies
Between the ages of 71 and 73, they were involved in establishing International Benchmark records in the fields of Endurance Challenge and Adventure Challenge:
In 2007, in a liveaboard boat without an engine, they organized and co-crewed in the first transit of the Shannon Navigation and beyond to the Seaport of Tarbert, County Kerry . They experienced boaters who understood the hazards involved in such a project thought it impossible. The River Shannon is the longest river in Ireland.
In 2008, they traveled the entire Shannon Navigation and beyond to the Seaport of Foynes, County Limerick, using the same liveaboard boat without an engine.
In 2008, they were the first person to transit the entire River Erne Navigation in a liveaboard boat without an engine.
These three distinct and different World-Class Benchmark establishing record efforts, when combined, involved moving over one ton of live aboard boat and gear over 600 miles (almost 1,000 kilometers) without an engine. Most of the distance was accomplished by rowing.
Additional Benchmark records that they established have included the total of miles transited in the combined efforts—a total of 600+ miles (960+ kilometers) over the bottom in the three contiguous years in an engineless liveaboard boat. Also, each record benchmark established over the three years has the additional claim of having a person over 70 involved in its establishment.
Shannon Benchmark records
The engineless transit, from the start of the Shannon Navigation at the Inishmagrath marker, on Lough Allen, in County Leitrim to the end of Shannon Navigation at Killaloe, County Clare and beyond to the Port of Tarbot in the Sea Estuary, required dealing with 33 bridges, 6 locks, and nine lakes, without the mechanical power. One of the locks, Ardnacrusha has a descent of over . Guides warn boaters, using large full-powered cruisers, to only cross the larger lakes in a company. The strong flow through many of the bridges often throws full- powered boats out of control, causing them to smash into the bridge piers. For example, the water flow through Killaloe Bridge can be 600 to 700 Tonnes per second. This hazard of losing control in or approaching bridges can result in major damage and an occasional sinking. Each of the four turbines at the Ardnacrusha power station, which is running, dumps 100 tons of water per second into the narrow, constricted, tailrace. This maelstrom must be negotiated for the transit to the estuary. Powerboats are advised to remain in the center of the tailrace and maintain high power. The prevailing wind is from the southwest and funnels up the Shannon channel. This is a great impediment to an un-powered cabin boat proceeding downstream.
2007 Benchmark
During the 2007 record establishing effort, Jack Donovan of Ballincollig, Co. Cork (who was 60 at the time and had been living with full-blown Multiple sclerosis for over two decades) and Donnacha rowed well over 90% of the time. Most of that was in a zig-zag pattern due to the wind resistance of the large topside area and almost flat box type bow of the one-ton plus of live-aboard boat and gear. When they reached Tarbert, their Satellite navigation device indicated that the pair had traveled more than .
Shannon navigation attempt
Donald Attig and Jack Donovan started their benchmark establishing effort on June 29, 2007, at Cormongan beach on Lough Allen at 10 A.M. They rowed from that spot to the Inismagrath "end of navigation" marker at the top of Lough Allen. They began the first-ever attempt to make an engineless transit of the Shannon in a boat equipped with live-aboard accommodations. Mr. Stephan Haeni, a Swiss National living at Cleighran More, witnessed their arrival and departure at the Inismagrath Marker. They completed the Shannon Navigation on Saturday, July 28, 2007, entering the Killaloe canal at 4:20 P.M. At that point, the official Shannon Navigation had been transited in an engineless live-aboard boat.
Beyond the Shannon navigation
The Irish Coast Guard attempted to dissuade the pair from continuing on past the end of the navigation marker at the Killaloe Bridge. Jack and Donald left the Killaloe Canal at 4:20 P.M. on July 28, 2007. They dropped anchor in the bay of the seaport of Tarbert, County Kerry at 8 P.M. on August 8, establishing the final Benchmark records of their effort. Senior Citizens Jack Donovan and Donald Attig were the first crew to transit the entire River Shannon Navigation and beyond in an engineless boat with full live-aboard capability. Their record-setting efforts were carried out during the wettest summer on the Shannon since 1947 and 48. The vessel and gear which they used in the benchmark record establishing effort weighed over one ton.
2008 Single-handed feat
Donald Attig established more Adventure Challenge and Endurance Challenge records by making the same basic trip single handed in the same vessel, Omar's River Bird. RTÉ's Nationwide produced a segment about Shannon Challenge 2008 which aired on June 6, 2008.
At 1:30 A.M. June 26, Donald Attig started at Cormongan beach on Lough Allen, in County Leitrim. They were driven back by the wind and had to anchor from the beach. It was over two days before they could lift anchor and start for the marker at Inismagrath. At 12:05 A.M. on August 16, 2008, they reached the Seaport of Foynes.
2009 More Benchmark Records
Donald Attig became the first person to complete the entire River Erne Navigation single-handed in an engineless live aboard boat. They used the same boat for this effort as was used in 2007 and 2008. There are enough hazards on the Erne Navigation to make passage in an engineless boat large enough to be liveaboard a world-class challenge. The Northern Ireland tourist site warns that Upper Lough Erne is a shallow maze and that waves on Lower Lough Erne can reach open-sea dimensions. Violent wind shears from the cliffs of Mago can create grave difficulties for full-powered cruisers at any time. All this combines to create a formidable challenge for an engineless boat that has the windage connected with live-aboard accommodations. This Benchmark Record Establishing effort started at Belturbet, Co Cavan August 6, at 6:30 P.M. It was attended by a number of dignitaries. The effort was completed Sunday, August 30 at 7:45 P.M. at the Public dock in Belleek, County Fermanagh.
Efforts witnessed and supported
All three of the above Benchmark establishing efforts were witnessed by thousands of persons and recorded at length in the media and press. The members of the Inland Waterways Association of Ireland supported, followed and chronicled the efforts. In 2007 the Lough Derg branch of IWAI awarded the boat and crew honorary membership in their annual Lough Derg rally. In the same year, the IWAI Cruising Club formally welcomed the boat into Foynes harbor, as it returned after completing the Benchmark establishing efforts at Tarbert. The club also made the crew and boat officially part of the 2007 Killaloe to Killrush Cruise in Company.
Fabricated housing
From 1968 to 1971, Attig developed the world's first all-molded conventional appearing housing system. Attig designed the system and produced the first small panels in their plastic company located on Route 66 at Pontiac, Illinois. Then, they produced full-sized molds and directed the production of the prototype in the Dura Plex Industries Plant located in Herrin Illinois. This received attention within the industry 22 national governments sent representatives to the grand opening of the prototype on the Du Quoin, Illinois State Fairgrounds.
References
External links
Shannon Rower Donald Attig reaches Limerick
Donald Sets Sail in Bid to Help Orphan
Inventor: Donald B. Attig
Don't forget to watch RTE Nationwide this weekend on the 6th July
RTE Nationwide link to BOY OF HOPE segment
70 year old will row and sail the length of the river Erne
South African Ambassador in Belturbet
Information site about the Erne and its hazards
Don Attig has set off today from Donoughmore again
Link to Donald Attig's article on the Glouster Depth Sounder
Don Attig's Boat Journey pictures
People from Pontiac, Illinois
1936 births
Living people
Single-handed sailors
20th-century American inventors
The Shadow Matrix is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley and Adrienne Martine-Barnes in the Darkover series. It was first published by in hardcover by DAW Books in 1996. Since the book involves time travel, it falls in both the Darkover time periods that the author called "Against the Terrans: The Second Age (after the Comyn)" and in the Ages of Chaos.
In terms of Darkover's timeline, the book starts place about a year after Exile's Song, and is a continuation of that story.
Plot summary
Part One
Mikhail Lanart-Hastur is sent to the isolated Elhalyn estate to check on Priscilla Elhayln and their children. They discover that Priscilla is deranged, under the influence of a “hedge-witch,” Emelda, and finds that the children are severely neglected. With the assistance of their tower-trained sister, Liriel, they are able to free the children from Emelda, though Priscilla dies in the process. Throughout their journey, they are accompanied by a crow.
Marguerida Alton undertakes the study of matrix science at Arilinn Tower, though they do not get along well with the keeper or their fellow students. They are uneasy about their “shadow matrix,” the outlines of a matrix that glow in their right hand (see Exile's Song for a more complete explanation).
Part Two
Mikhail and their sister, Liriel, arrive at Comyn Castle with the five Elhalyn children. They describe to their uncle, Regis, their experiences at Elhalyn, explaining that none of the three boys are suitable to serve in the traditional role of Elhalyn king.
At the annual Midwinter Ball, a thunderous voice cries, “To Hali, now!” which Mikhail and Marguerida understand is a command for them. They ride to the ruins of Hali Tower, and upon entering, find themselves in the distant past.
Part Three
The only resident of Hali Tower is its keeper, Amalie El Haliene, who tells them that the legendary laranzu, Varzil the Good, is living, but in hiding. Mikhail and Marguerida realize that they have sent for them, and determine to find him, despite the dangers.
At small lake cottage, they encounter the elderly Varzil the Good. Varzil says that they must pass their matrix ring to Mikhail, which requires the couple be united in marriage, so they can join their powers together. It becomes clear that Varzil intends to send the ring back to their present time, to protect it from capture by the powerful leronis, Ashara Alton (see Exile's Song for a more complete explanation).
Having managed the ring-swap, Varzil vanishes, stranding Mikhail and Marguerida in the Ages of Chaos. After a month or more, they return to Hali Tower, and traverse time into their own present. They are rescued by Lew Alton, and returned to Thendara.
While no one is happy about the marriage, because it concentrates too much power in a single couple, they eventually accept it as faît accompli. Regis Hastur's son, Dani, resolves this problem by saying that they will serve as the traditional Elhalyn King by marrying Miralys Elhalyn, while suggesting that Mikhail serve as the power behind the throne, just as Hasturs have done for generations. Their unexpected solution is accepted.
Characters
Mikhail Lanart-Hastur, Regent of the Elhayln Domain
Marguerida Alton (aka Margaret; aka Marja), daughter of Lew Alton
Regis Hastur, the Regent of Darkover
The Elhalyn children: Vincent, Emun, Alain, Valenta and Miralys
Varzil Ridenow (aka Varzil the Good), a powerful laranzu from the Ages of Chaos
Publication history
September 1997, DAW Books (DAW Collectors #1055), , 512pp, hard cover
September 1997, DAW Books / SFBC, #17845, 483pp, hard cover
January 1999, DAW Books (DAW Collectors #1065), , 556pp, paperback
References
Darkover books
1990 American novels
American science fiction novels
Novels by Marion Zimmer Bradley
DAW Books books
Pseudatteria cladodes is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Peru, Colombia and possibly Central America.
References
Moths described in 1914
Pseudatteria
The air ram is a pneumatic device that catapults a stunt performer through the air. To simulate the effects of an explosion, the performer steps on a large "pedal" and using compressed air the "pedal" is released sending the performer hurtling through the air. The distance and height the performer attains is dependent upon the air pressure set.
There are many different design types, but all air rams have a few design elements in common: They use compressed air and a surface area that the performer steps on—that is raised using the compressed air which then catapults the person forward.
At the 1995 (65th) Academy Awards Scientific and Technical Awards presentation, stunt performer Joe Finnegan (a.k.a. Joe Yrigoyen) was the recipient of a Technical Achievement Award for "his pioneering work in developing the Air Ram for motion picture stunt effects."
References
Cinematic techniques
Poniatówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Chełm and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Maharashtra State Highway 249 Also SH 249 is a state highway in Nagpur, Bhandara, and Gondia Districts in the state of Maharashtra. This state highway touches Katol, Savner, Parseoni, Ramtek, Tumsar, and Gondia.
State Highway
State Highway 354 (Maharashtra)
State Highway 366 (Maharashtra)
State Highway 275 (Maharashtra)
Summary
This road is one of the important road in Nagpur District providing connectivity with two National Highway 7 (India)(old numbering) and NH 69. This is also providing connectivity with Gondia city with Nagpur and passing through Tumsar and Tiroda.
Adani Power Plant near Tiroda is also on this highway.
Major junctions
This highway started from the intersection at Savner city with NH 69 and with National Highway 7 (India)(old numbering) at Ambadi Village and Tumsar town in Nagpur District.
Connections
Many villages, cities and towns in different districts are connecting by this state highway.
Katol
Savner
Parseoni
Ramtek
Tumsar and
Gondia.
See also
List of State Highways in Maharashtra
References
State Highways in Maharashtra
State Highways in Nagpur District
William Prescott Wells (December 7, 1931 – December 25, 2001) was an American football halfback who played in the National Football League (NFL) for the Washington Redskins, Pittsburgh Steelers, and the Philadelphia Eagles. They also played in the American Football League (AFL) for the Boston Patriots. Wells played college football at Michigan State University and was drafted in the fifth round of the 1954 NFL Draft.
Wells later moved to Southern California. They formed a Dixieland band called Billy and their Bachelors. They also acted in a few television shows including Manhunt and Alfred Hitchcock Presents. Wells died on Christmas Day, December 25, 2001, just weeks after their 70th birthday.
References
External links
1931 births
2001 deaths
American football halfbacks
Boston Patriots players
Michigan State Spartans football players
Philadelphia Eagles players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
Washington Redskins players
Eastern Conference Pro Bowl players
People from Menominee, Michigan
Players of American football from Michigan
American Football League players
Olivia Grant may refer to:
Olivia Grant (actor born 1983), performed in the films Stardust and Fishtales, and BBC period drama Lark Rise to Candleford
Olivia Grant (actor born 1994), now Olive Gray, performed in The Story of Tracy Beaker and EastEnders; daughter of singers David and Carrie Grant
Mulock Township is a geographic township in the Unorganized North Part of Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada, named for William Mulock. The Ontario Northland Railway, constructed in the early 20th century, runs through the southwestern tip of the township; the dispersed rural community of Mulock with a passing siding is located on the railway.
Anderson Lake and Valin Lake are in the township, as is the northern portion of Widdifield Forest Provincial Park.
References
Geographic townships in Ontario
Geography of Nipissing District
Kumów Plebański is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The 2014 Connecticut Senate election was held on November 4, 2014, concurrently with the elections for the Connecticut House of Representatives, to elect members to the Connecticut General Assembly. All 36 seats in the Connecticut Senate were up for election. Republicans gained one seat from the Democrats.
Results
District 1
District 2
District 3
District 4
District 5
District 6
District 7
District 8
District 9
District 10
District 11
District 12
District 13
District 14
District 15
District 16
District 17
District 18
District 19
District 20
District 21
District 22
District 23
District 24
District 25
District 26
District 27
District 28
District 29
District 30
District 31
District 32
District 33
District 34
District 35
District 36
References
2014 Connecticut elections
C
Connecticut State Senate elections
Mitchell Kilduff (born 29 February 1996) is an Australian Paralympic swimmer. They were selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in swimming. They achieved 5th place in the 200 metre freestyle event at the 2012 Games.
Early life
Kilduff was born on 29 February 1996, and is from Carlton, New South Wales. They were diagnosed with autism when they were six years old. During their early school years, they faced considerable challenges. Following that, they were home schooled. In 2009, they attended Endeavour Sports High School. , they are a student at Kingsgrove North High School while mentoring other swimmers with autism.
Swimming career
Kilduff is an S14 classified swimmer, who has set world records in several events including the long course 50m butterfly, 50m freestyle, the 100m butterfly, the 400m freestyle, and the source course 50m butterfly events in their classification.  They are a member of SLC Aquadot and their coach is Gavin Stewart, who began coaching them in 2009. They have competed against able-bodied athletes.
Kilduff started swimming in 2006, and began taking lessons in 2007. In 2009, they were training seven days a week.
At the 2010 Australian national championships, Kilduff earned two gold medals. The following year at the same competition, they earned a total of seven medals, three of them gold. In 2011, they had nine swimming training sessions a week, with each session lasting about two hours. At the 2011 Australian Age Multi-Class Championships hosted at the Australian Institute of Sport pool, they won seven gold medals.
Kilduff first represented Australia in 2011, making their debut at the Arafura Games. At the Italian-hosted 2011 Global Games, they won a pair of silver medals and four gold medals. Their silver medals came in the 4 × 100 m freestyle relay event and the 200m freestyle event where they had a time of 2:03.12. They earned a gold in the 50m freestyle event in a time of 25.78. They were selected to represent Australian Paralympics in swimming. They did not medal at the 2012 Games.
Personal bests
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Male Paralympic swimmers of Australia
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers from Sydney
Swimmers at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Australia
S14-classified Paralympic swimmers
People educated at Endeavour Sports High School
People on the autism spectrum
Australian male freestyle swimmers
Australian male backstroke swimmers
Australian male butterfly swimmers
Australian male breaststroke swimmers
Australian male medley swimmers
Marc Dennis Anderson (born December 10, 1955) is an American born percussionist, composer, poet and Zen Buddhist priest. Best known for records and live performances with guitarist and composer Steve Tibbetts, they have recorded and performed with dozens of notable artists. Their interests and studies in non-western instruments and musical traditions are a signature of their sound and technical style.
Early life and education
Anderson was born in Austin, Minnesota, the son of Truman Anderson and Mary Lou Regner.  They are the oldest of 5 children. They attended Austin Central High School and holds a degree in Cultural Anthropology from the University of Minnesota.
Career
In 1977 Anderson met and began working with Steve Tibbetts who had just started working their second record. That record, titled YR, led to their first recording with the prestigious German record company ECM and legendary producer Manfred Eicher. In the fall of 1982 the two flew to Oslo, Norway and recorded Northern Song, the first of many recordings the pair would make over the next several decades.
Through the 1980s and 1990s Anderson became a stalwart in the Twin Cities music community as a sideman and bandleader performing and recording in a wide range of musical and artistic environments including; free improvisation, traditional Irish, Ghanaian, Finnish and Americana folk music, experimental, avant-garde, jazz and pop. They also produced a number of records including two recordings as leader and composer: Time Fish and Ruby. They have toured extensively in the US, Europe and Asia. They were the founder of two Twin Cities musical groups: Eight head and Speaking In Tongues. Their most recent musical project in called Music and Words.
In the early 1980s they met Sowah Mensah, a musician and teacher from Ghana, launching a friendship and new musical direction. Anderson went on to study Ghanaian music with Mensah and with teachers in Ghana for many years. They have also studied Haitian ritual drumming with John Amira in New York, spent time with the great frame drum master Glen Velez, took study abroad trips to China and Brazil and spent several years studying tabla with Marcus Wise and djembe drumming with Foday Bangoura in the Twin Cities.
Zen
Anderson began doing transcendental meditation in 1983. Eventually landing with a local Zen community they went on to study Zen with Dosho Mike Port and was a founding and long time member at Clouds In Water Zen Center. They were ordained in 2007 by Togen Robin Moss. Anderson runs a community based project called The Urban Monk Project – facilitating meditation sessions, retreats and developmental training programs.
Partial discography
As leader/composer/producer
Time Fish - 1993
Ruby -2002
Festival Africa - 2001
World Music - 2002
With Steve Tibbetts
Yr – 1980
Northern Song – 1981
Safe Journey – 1984
Exploded View - 1986
Big Map Idea – 1988
The Fall Of Us All – 1994
Cho (with Choying Drolma) – 1997
A (with Knute Hamre) - 1998
A Man About A Horse – 2002
Selwa (with Choying Drolma) – 2004
Natural Causes – 2010
Life Of - 2018
As a sideman with
David Sylvian and Robert Fripp
The First Day -1993
Peter Ostroushko
Heart of the Heartland – 1995
Pilgrims On The Heart Road - 1997
Coming Down From Red Lodge – 2003
Sacred Heart - 2000
Minnesota A History Of The Land – 2005
Heartland Holiday - 2005
Postcards - 2006
Greg Brown
One More Goodnight Kiss – 1988
Peter Mayer
A Million Year Mind (artist and producer) - 1999
Bountiful (artist and producer) – 2000
Elements (artist and producer) -2001
Earth Town Square (artist and producer) -2003
Midwinter – 2005
Novelties - 2007
Claudia Schmidt
It Looks Fine From here – 1994
Ruth Mackenzie
Kalevala: Dream Of The Salmon Maiden - 1998
References
1955 births
Living people
American male poets
Zen Buddhist priests
People from Austin, Minnesota
University of Minnesota College of Liberal Arts alumni
American percussionists
American composers
The Egypt national beach soccer team represents Egypt in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the Egyptian Football Association, the governing body for football in Egypt.
Current squad
Correct as of July 2009
Coach: Badr El Din Mahmoud
Achievements
CAF Beach Soccer Championship Best: Third place (4)
2006, 2011 , 2016 , 2018
Arab Beach Soccer Championship Best: Winner (1)
2014
Beach Soccer Intercontinental Cup Best: Fourth Place (2)
2015, 2018
2019 Neom Beach Soccer Cup Best: Runners-up (1)
2019
Beach soccer at the Mediterranean Beach Games Best: Runners-up (1)
2015
Sharm El Sheikh International Championship Best: Runners-up (1)
2015
Casablanca Beach Soccer Cup : BSWW Tour Best: Winner (1)
2022
Muscat Beach Soccer Cup : BSWW Tour Best: Winner (1)
2010
El Jadida Beach Soccer Cup : BSWW Tour Best: Winner (1)
2016
COSAFA Beach Soccer Cup Best: Runners-up (1)
2022
External links
Squad
African national beach soccer teams
Beach Soccer
The Yamaha AN1x is a DSP-based analog modeling synthesizer (a.k.a. virtual analog synthesizer), produced by Yamaha Corporation from 1997 to 1998, and was marketed as an "analog physical modelling control synthesizer".
Development
The AN1x is a first-generation virtual analogue physical modelling synthesizer. After Clavia released the original Nord Lead in 1995, Roland followed suit in 1996 with the JP-8000. Yamaha, having already been working on physical modelling synthesis for a number of years, released the AN1x in mid-1997.
Whilst the AN1x has a similar chassis to other Yamaha synthesizers, such as the CS1x and particularly the CS2x, this is where the similarity ends. The latter use pre-loaded sample-based synthesis to generate sound, thus categorising them as romplers. The AN1x on the other hand is a fully fledged synthesizer. Yamaha's proprietary 'virtual analog' technology, models the components that traditionally occupy the signal path of an analog subtractive synthesizer. The VCOs, VCAs, VCFs, and LFOs etc., are all digitally modelled and rendered using DSP VLSI processor(s).
It has been noted that the firmware of the AN1x contains simulated characteristics of Sequential Circuits' Prophet 5 and particularly the Prophet 10 synthesizers, as well as Yamaha's own CS range of polyphonic analog synthesisers. Yamaha purchased the rights to Sequential Circuits in 1987, following the dissolution of the company. Sequential's founder, Dave Smith subsequently became President of DSD Inc., a research and development division of Yamaha. During their time at Yamaha, in addition to their work on vector and wavetable synthesis, which culminated in the SY22 and TG33, Smith also worked on physical modelling synthesis and software synthesizer concepts. Research that laid the foundations for the development of the AN1x.
Scenes and voice architecture
The AN1x is a duo-timbral synthesizer, having two individual sets of voice parameters, called Scenes, for each of the 128 voice patches. Within each voice, each scene can be programmed to be similar sounding variations of each other, two identical copies of the same sound, or even two completely different sounding timbres.
The user can either quickly switch between the two Scenes, or morph between them, which interpolates individual parameters, rather than simply crossfading. The result being complex new timbres being heard whilst morphing. It is also possible to save a snapshot of the timbre at any point during a morph, to become a new baseline timbre for one of the Scenes. Additionally, Scene data can be copied from, or saved to a different voice patch entirely. When the AN1x's Layer mode is set to either Split/Split Unison or Dual/Dual Unison, dual timbrality is possible, whereby Scenes can be set to receive MIDI data on two separate channels. Each Scene will have five notes of polyphony. The AN1x has a maximum polyphony of ten notes, although the actual polyphony depends upon the playing mode the synthesizer is set to. These being either a single monotimbral Scene, two Scenes layered or split, monophonic or polyphonic, and whether the note-multiplying Unison mode is active. Dual mode halves polyphony to five notes per voice, dividing each of the two internal 5-note DSP processors between both Scenes separately; dual timbral. In mono or dual modes, Unison uses five notes per key per Scene for a single voice (1 processor × 5 notes), or two notes per key for a dual voice (2 processors × 1 timbre per processor); thus, in Dual, Mono or Unison mode, the synthesizer is monophonic for each of the two Scenes. In polyphonic mode, Unison is only possible for single voices, each key takes two notes, of the same timbre, one from each of the two processors.
Waveform oscillators
The voice architecture is based on a dual oscillator design with multi-mode filter. Available waveforms are: Pulse-width modulation (PWM), Saw, Square, Saw2, Saw/Pulse Wave mix, and Saw/Square mix. Additional waves, Inner 1-3 are available for the first oscillator (OSC1) in oscillator sync mode. Triangle and sine waves are possible by altering the shape of pulse waves. The AN1x has a wave shaping Edge tool, which can facilitate 128 intermediate waves. The first oscillator can be split to have a master, main and a tuneable slave sub-oscillator, when activated via three oscillator sync algorithms. The master and/or slave oscillator within OSC1 can be modulated by the first low-frequency oscillator (LFO1), either jointly or individually. The AN1x has twin operator frequency modulation (FM), comprising four algorithms, where the first oscillator is modulated by the second. Finally there is ring modulation and white noise. When set to Unison mode, the AN1x layers five oscillators for each Scene timbre. Whilst this reduces polyphony, Unison thickens up the sound considerably. Additionally, stereo separation can be set for panning, as well as the tuning of the five layered oscillators. The overall effect is not too dissimilar from the Roland JP-8000 supersaw waveform, except that Unison can be applied to waveforms other than the sawtooth wave.
Filters, envelopes, low frequency oscillators and control matrix
Each of the two scenes that make up a single voice is composed of an amplitude envelope, a filter envelope, a pitch envelope, and a three-band equaliser. These affect the combined two oscillators on a per-note basis. The AN1x has two LFOs. LFO1 comprises 21 waveforms: 5× sine variations, 5× triangle variations, 3× square variations, 4× saw variations and 4× sample and hold variations. LFO2 consists of a triangle wave only. These affect all notes at once, i.e. monophonic LFOs. The LFOs are fast, up to the audible note range. The AN1x has a non-resonant high-pass filter, which is situated in series with a multimode resonant filter, the latter offering a low-pass filter (LPF), high-pass filter (HPF), band-pass filter (BPF) and band elimination filter (BEF). The multimode filter is capable of resonant self oscillation. Additionally, feedback from the voltage controlled amplifier (VCA) is routed back to the oscillator mixer before the main filter, and frequency modulation can be used alongside oscillator sync. The AN1x has a comprehensive modulation matrix, comprising 16 sources and 96 destinations.
Sequencing capabilities
The AN1x features an arpeggiator with 30 preset patterns, a step sequencer with 16 steps, 256 total sequence patterns, 128 voice patterns 'one per voice' + 128 user patterns. All 256 patterns can be overwritten for use, and a 'Free Envelope Generator' '128 user patterns, one per voice'. The arpeggiator and sequencer can both output to MIDI and sync to MIDI timecode, and the arpeggiator can also be applied to incoming MIDI data. Furthermore, the notes may be fixed or transposed via the synthesizer's keyboard or MIDI input. The step sequencer can be used to send control data, such as filter cutoff values or notes to the synthesizer's tone generator or to MIDI output. Both the arpeggiator and step sequencer have several looping modes. The 'Free Envelope Generator' (Free EG) is a powerful motion control feature that allows the user to record controller movements for up to four parameters, '4 tracks, 1 parameter per track' for a duration of up to 16 seconds each, or 8 bars that are tempo linked.
Note: If the tempo is set to 40bpm, with a 4/4 count, this would result in 48 seconds of recording time per track.
When applied to a voice, the Free EG becomes an intrinsic component of the voice whilst it is played, allowing for complex and evolving organic movement of sound. The way in which the Free EG loops can also be set in various ways, as well as the keyboard tracking and triggering.
Multi effects
The effects section contains three different sets of programmable effects, as well as a programmable 3-band equaliser (EQ).
The 14 variation effect types are: Chorus, '2 types', flanger, symphonic, phaser, auto pan, rotary speaker, pitch change, aural exciter, compressor, wah, distortion, overdrive and amp simulator.
The five delay effect types are: Delay left-centre-right (LCR), delay left-right (LR), echo, cross delay and tempo delay, which automatically matches the delay time to the current tempo setting. The eight reverb effect types include three types of hall reverb, two types each of room and stage reverb, and a plate reverb.
The voice signal initially passes through the variation and EQ sections in series, then on to the delay and reverb sections. The delay and reverb sections can be configured to operate in either series or parallel. Individual effects sections (variation, delay, reverb) or all effects, excluding the EQ, can be bypassed at will. Additionally, realtime controllers can be designated to control specific effect parameters.
Control synthesizer
As well as promoting its "Analog Physical Modelling", Yamaha referred to the AN1x as a "control synthesizer", in a similar vein to the CS1x and CS2x. This is due to each voice patch in the AN1x having 20 "control sets", which utilise assignments of the user-adjustable controls and MIDI control change messages to a number of numerical parameters within the sound engine.
The user controls include: Keyboard pitch, velocity and channel aftertouch, a modulation wheel, a pressure-sensitive (X-axis,Z-axis) ribbon controller, two expression pedal input sockets, a footswitch input socket, and eight assignable parameter control knobs. The underlying philosophy of this arrangement is that the user doesn't have to alter the actual sound editing parameters whilst playing, instead using the assignable real-time controls mentioned above.
The physical keyboard action includes velocity, aftertouch, and portamento. The X-Z ribbon controller, responds to horizontal sweeps and pressure. The eight realtime control knobs can also be pressed to display their current parameter values. Each knob and controller can have multiple parameters assigned to them.
Controller resolution
Being a first-generation virtual analog synthesizer, the AN1x's controller resolution responds by default to 128 increments from its built-in controllers. Consequently, the user will sometimes hear slight but distinct stepping of the filter, especially when more pronounced resonance is used. However, there are several workarounds: The first is to press the control knobs while rotating them to access smoother increments. The second method involves the use of a MIDI controller or synthesizer, whose controllers generate higher resolution data values. The AN1x responds to this due to its mature MIDI implementation and NRPN recognition. The result being a smoothing out of the filter sweep, therefore giving a more authentic analog feel.
Physical characteristics
The keyboard's main housing is made of ABS plastic, and the chassis base is metal. Dimensions: (W) × (D) × (H). Weight: .
Reception and usage
Though containing more features than its contemporaries, the control interface of the AN1x initially proved frustrating for some users, due to its programming being matrix-based rather than one control per parameter like the Roland JP-8000. To counter these early misgivings, a sound set was released by Yamaha UK, called the London sound set, which contained clones of some of the JP-8000 presets. This helped to demonstrate the sound capabilities of the AN1x.
In 2000, Yamaha used the AN1x synthesis architecture to produce the PLG150-AN plugin board for the CS6x. The following year, Yamaha followed the AN1x with the AN200, a groovebox-type desktop sound module.
The AN1x has been used by numerous artists, including: Jean Michel Jarre, Psyclon Nine, History Of Guns, Velvet Acid Christ, Nine-Inch Nails, Nitin Sawhney, Phish, Igor Khoroshev of YES, Steve Hillier of Dubstar, Jacob Thiele of The Faint, 808 State, Antti Pouta of Pariisin Kevät, Above & Beyond, Jesper Anderberg of The Sounds, and Daniel Ruppar of Down In The Lab/One Chord Till Anarchy.
References
Further reading
External links
Yamaha Synth Book AN2015 - Virtual Analog iphone app
AN1x
Virtual analog synthesizers
Polyphonic synthesizers
Digital synthesizers
Cheng Hui (; born 2 August 1997) is a Chinese footballer.
Club career
Cheng Hui made their first competitive senior appearance for third tier Spanish club Lleida Esportiu on 9 January 2018 in a Copa del Rey game against Atlético Madrid in a 3-0 defeat. They returned to China to join top tier club Dalian Professional where they made their debut on 1 December 2019 in a league game against Beijing Renhe F.C. that ended in a 2-0 victory.
Career statistics
Notes
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
China youth international footballers
Chinese expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Chinese Super League players
CE Sabadell FC footballers
Lleida Esportiu footballers
Dalian Professional F.C. players
Chinese expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Team Facelift was an American hip hop group based in New York City that signed with Duck Down Records.
History
The group was founded in 2004 and consisted of its three MCs—Machine, the Fat Jew, Alden Fonda—and one producer, Tommy Mas. The three met at Skidmore College in Saratoga Springs, NY. The group's sound was described by the New York Post as a cross between Barbra Streisand and Wu-Tang Clan.
The group first gained national attention when headlining MTV's 52/52 campaign, which featured artists in short interstitials during commercial breaks. Team Facelift was the only group to appear that was unsigned.
Art direction
Team Facelift is known for its bizarre stage theatrics and antics, such as the use of pyrotechnics and live animals (particularly doves). The Fat Jew is famous for their on-stage nudity, often performing in nothing but a thong and construction boots.
The group's first album, Mixed Emotions, was released in December 2006 on its independent label, Facelift Records. The group's newest project, currently untitled, will be released in fall 2010 on Duck Down Records. In early May, it was announced that renowned house-music remixer, producer, and DJ Junior Sanchez will be executive producer of the album. In late 2008 the group was featured on the single "Shake That Ass" on famed producer Armand Van Helden's New York: a Mix Odyssey 2 album.
Executive producers for the popular show The Daily 10 on the E! Entertainment channel selected Team Facelift to become the New York bureau of that show, conducting man-on-the-street, public-opinion, and one-on-one interviews of the New York City entertainment scene, while adding [It's] unique brand of color and humor to the segment.
In fall 2009, Team Facelift and Red Bull North America partnered together for Band on the Run, a unique tour that consisted of surprise performances from Team Facelift at major Colleges and Universities in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the US.
In 2010 the group parted ways, citing "creative differences."
Discography
Albums
Mixed Emotions (2006)
Mixtapes
Famous In Japan (2003)
Mixtape Vol. I (2005)
Fancy/Sleazy (2007)
Passion Cove (2008)
6 Grams (2010)
References
External links
Official site
American hip hop groups
Jewish hip hop groups
Musical groups established in 2004
Musical groups from New York City
Francois Petrus 'Toon' van den Heever (1894-1956) was a Hertzog Prize-winning South African poet, a scholar of Roman-Dutch law, and from 1948 to 1956 a judge of the Appellate Division.
Early life and education
Van den Heever was born near Heidelberg and obtained their BA degree at the Transvaal University College in 1916. After university they taught Latin, Dutch and English for two years, after which they joined the Windhoek civil administration and also studied part-time for their LLB degree.
Career
Van den Heever started practicing as an advocate at the Bar in Windhoek in 1921. They then worked as Senior Law Adviser to the Union Government, the Department of Foreign Affairs and from 1931 as Secretary for Justice, Law Adviser for External Affairs and Government Attorney. In 1933 van den Heever was appointed a judge on the South West Africa Division of the Supreme Court of South Africa and in 1938, they relocated to the Orange Free State Provincial Division. In 1948, they became Judge President of the Orange Free State Division and in the same year they were appointed to the Appellate Division, a post they had held until their death in 1956.
Published works
Van den Heever published their debut collection of poems in 1919 and their second bundle only thirty years later. They received the Hertzog Prize for poetry in 1951 for their 1919 debut bundel, Gedigte, that was reworked in 1931 as Eugene en ander gedigte. Besides poetry, they also published sketches, narratives and short stories.
Their published works include:
Gedigte (1919 – Poetry)
Die speelman van Dorestad (1949 – Poetry)
Gerwe uit die erfpag van Skoppensboer (1949 – Short stories)
References
1894 births
1956 deaths
20th-century South African judges
South African jurists
South African judges
South African male poets
Hertzog Prize winners for poetry
Nick Apollo Forte (born Nicola Antonio Forte; June 14, 1938 – February 26, 2020) was an American musician and actor.
Early life
Forte was born in Waterbury, Connecticut. At age 12, they won a local talent contest playing "Lady of Spain" on piano. At 18, they got their first break playing second billing to Della Reese at the famed Apollo Theatre; this led them to change their performing name to "Nick Apollo Forte" and drop out of high school to pursue a music career.
After many years of Forte singing in lounges and producing and distributing their own records, a casting agent for Woody Allen discovered one of Forte's albums, Images, in a record store on Broadway. Allen cast the singer as Lou Canova in their 1984 film Broadway Danny Rose. For their work, they received positive reviews. Forte also appeared on Johnny Carson's Tonight Show on February 16, 1984.
Career
Forte was cast in a TV pilot, Mr. Success, in which they played a "loveable shlump" who worked in a department store. Although the show was tailor-made for Forte, the program was beset by problems, and they were replaced by James Coco. (The pilot aired on CBS on June 23, 1984, but did not sell.) Forte returned to working lounges, but made a few screen appearances in subsequent years: a guest spot on The Ellen Burstyn Show in 1987 and the Showtime series Billions in 2016 -- both times (as in Broadway Danny Rose) basically playing himself.
Forte spent most of their time with their family and fishing. They sang their famous songs and played music, and was known to sing sea shanties as well while dancing the jig. They were well known for their radio commercials for Goodyear Tires.
Family
In 1958, they married Rosalie Trapasso, who worked at a shoe store they managed. They were married over 60 years and had seven children and 22 grandchildren.
References
External links
Official site
1938 births
Actors from Waterbury, Connecticut
American male film actors
Place of death missing
American people of Italian descent
2020 deaths
ASCEND is an open source, mathematical modelling chemical process modelling system developed at Carnegie Mellon University since late 1978. ASCEND is an acronym which stands for Advanced System for Computations in Engineering Design. Its main uses have been in the field of chemical process modelling although its capabilities are general.
ASCEND includes nonlinear algebraic solvers, differential/algebraic equation solvers, nonlinear optimization and modelling of multi-region 'conditional models'. Its matrix operations are supported by an efficient sparse matrix solver called mtx.
ASCEND differs from earlier modelling systems because it separates the solving strategy from model building. So domain experts (people writing the models) and computational engineers (people writing the solver code) can work separately in developing ASCEND. Together with a number of other early modelling tools, its architecture helped to inspire newer languages such as Modelica. It was recognised for its flexible use of variables and parameters, which it always treats as solvable, if desired
The software remains as an active open-source software project, and has been part of the Google Summer of Code programme in 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 (under the Python Software Foundation) and has been accepted for the 2015 programme as well.
See also
Art Westerberg
AMPL
APMonitor
EMSO
JModelica.org
Modelica
List of chemical process simulators
References
External links
Simulation programming languages
Mathematical optimization software
Free simulation software
Free software programmed in Tcl
Declarative programming languages
Object-oriented programming
Free software programmed in Python
Software that uses Tk (software)
Melbourne tram route 70 is operated by Yarra Trams on the Melbourne tram network from Waterfront City to Wattle Park. The 16.5 kilometre route is operated out of Camberwell depot with A and B class trams.
History
Most of the line currently used by route 70 was initially built and run by the Hawthorn Tramways Trust (HTT) in 1916–17. It ran between the Batman Avenue terminus (opposite Flinders Street station) to the intersection of Warrigal Road (then Boundary Road) and Riversdale Road. At the time, the HTT's Batman Avenue line was Melbourne's only electric tram line that reached the CBD. The Melbourne & Metropolitan Tramways Board took over the line in 1920, and in 1928, extended the line a further two kilometres to Wattle Park at the Riversdale Road and Elgar Road intersection. In 1934, the line was given the route 70 designation, which it still holds today.
On 6 June 1999 it was diverted to operate via the Exhibition Street extension with a four-lane divided road built over the Jolimont Yard, enabling Batman Avenue west of Melbourne Park to be closed with route 70 extended to terminate at the intersection of Flinders and Spencer Streets. This new route was better able to serve all of the Melbourne Park venues such as the Melbourne Cricket Ground and Rod Laver Arena. Extra sidings were also built along the route in order to accommodate special events.
On 4 May 2003, it was extended to the corner of Spencer and La Trobe Streets., on 5 January 2005, to Docklands Stadium and on 20 September 2009 to Waterfront City.
Route
From Waterfront City, the route runs along Docklands Drive, Harbour Esplanade and Flinders Street in the city, behind Melbourne Park at Richmond and then along Swan Street and Riversdale Road through Hawthorn and Camberwell to the eastern end of Wattle Park, terminating at Elgar Road.
Operation
Route 70 is operated out of Camberwell depot with A class trams, although B class trams are occasionally used. During the Australian Open it is operated by B class trams for extra capacity. Additional services run between Melbourne Park and the city. These services are signed as Route 70a and run a mix of B and E class trams.
Route map
References
External links
070
John Cleveland is an American politician from Maine. Cleveland, a Democrat from Auburn, served as a State Senator from Maine's 15th District, representing much of Androscoggin County, including the population center of Auburn. Cleveland lost their re-election bid in 2014 to Republican Eric Brakey.
They were first elected to the Maine State Senate in 1990 and re-elected in 1992, 1994 and 1996 before being unable to seek re-election in 1998 due to term-limits. They were re-elected in 2012 after defeating incumbent Republican Lois Snowe-Mello. They graduated from Edward Little High School in Auburn and then the University of Southern Maine in 1982.
They served on the Auburn City Council from 1977 to 1981 and as Mayor of Auburn from 1981 to 1987.
References
1950 births
Living people
Maine state senators
Maine Democrats
University of Southern Maine alumni
Politicians from Auburn, Maine
Maine city council members
Mayors of places in Maine
"Rock'n Roll Band" is a song by Swedish pop group ABBA (then credited as "Björn & Benny with Anna & Frida") from the album Ring Ring.
In the US, the song was released as single by Playboy Records credited to "Björn & Benny with Anna & Frieda" (with an 'E' added to Frida). It was issued in July 1973 as a follow-up to the minor hit "People Need Love" and "Another Town, Another Train", although the Ring Ring album was not released in the United States until 1995. The flipside on the stock pressing was the previously released "Another Town, Another Train" (though this side was also given an A-side matrix number, 50018-A). The promo pressing had the same song on both sides.
In the UK, it was released as the B-side to "Ring Ring" when issued in October 1973, and when re-issued in June 1974. In South Africa and Rhodesia, it was released as the B-side to "Another Town, Another Train" on the Sunshine label in February 1974.
There are at least two known versions of this track: the 3.11 version released as ABBA, and a shorter early mix, released on the remastered version of Lycka by Benny & Bjorn.
Track listings
Stock pressing
A. "Rock'n Roll Band"
B. "Another Town, Another Train"
Promo pressings
A. "Rock'n Roll Band" [mono]
B. "Rock'n Roll Band" [stereo]
References
External links
1973 singles
ABBA songs
Songs about rock music
Songs written by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus
Playboy Records singles
Boyd's Marriage Index is a tangled typescript bound in 533 volumes listing more than 3,500,000 English marriages for the period 1538 to 1837. It is held by the Society of Genealogists, London.
It may also be viewed on fiche or searched using printed copies. It has now been transcribed and may be searched online or (in parts) on CD. It is only an index - a list of pointers (locators) to where material may be found and does not contain month and day details of the records it contains, just the year.
Index entries contain the surname and Christian name(s) of the bride and groom, the year, county and parish where the marriage took place, and source of the record. The original Index is held at the Society of Genealogists and it may be searched online through the subscription website Findmypast.
Coverage
All English counties are covered, though none completely, and the periods indexed vary according to the copies of records which were readily available. Registers from over 4,300 parishes have been indexed, a total of over 7 million individuals or "names". Well over a million of these names relate to the London and Middlesex areas.
There are two basic series.
The first (Main) series is arranged in county order;
The second series, is arranged in phonetic name order.
Other supplements have been completed since Boyd's death in 1955.
There are some errors in the Boyd's indexes and information should always be checked against the original sources.
Compilation
The index was initially compiled at their expense by Percival Boyd, MA, FSA, FSG (1866–1955) and their staff between 1925 and Boyd's death in 1955 from printed and transcribed parish registers, Bishop's Transcripts (copies of the registers sent annually to the relevant bishop or archdeacon, marriage licences, banns and other sources. A number of further supplements to Boyd's index are now available.
Searching
Note from the following Guildhall Library instructions the complexity of searching fiche or printed copies:
See also
Pallot's Marriage Index
References
External links
Society of Genealogists
British genealogy
18th century in England
19th century in England
Marriage, unions and partnerships in England
Northern Cavaliers is the domestic field hockey team for the Gilgit-Baltistan in Pakistan. It is part of the Pakistan Hockey Federation.
Pakistani field hockey clubs
R v Handy, [2002] 2 S.C.R. 908, 2002 SCC 56, is the leading Supreme Court of Canada decision on similar fact evidence. The Court proposed what is known as the Handy test for determining whether past occurrences that resemble the crime can be admitted as evidence.
Background
The complainant went out drinking with their friends and met James Handy whom they had known for several months. They went home together and what began as consensual sex became violent.
Handy was charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm. The Crown tried to introduce evidence of Handy's history with their ex-wife which involved seven past sexual assaults on them The trial judge allowed it.
The issue before the Supreme Court was whether Handy's history of violence with their ex-wife is admissible as evidence.
Ruling of the Court
Justice Binnie, writing for the Court, used this case to restate the approach to similar fact evidence. They stated that a "principled approach" must be used where the probative value must be weighed against the prejudicial effect.
When examining probative value several factors must be considered. First, the court must examine the strength of the evidence in showing that the past events actually occurred. The credibility of the witness must be considered and if there is any motive to lie must have an effect.
Second, the court must consider whether there was any potential of collusion between the witness and the claimant. If there was merely an opportunity to collude then the question is left to the jury, otherwise if there is "some evidence of collusion" then the onus is on the Crown to show on the balance of probabilities that no collusion occurred.
Third, the court must consider the scope of the issue in question. If it is a very broad issue, then the threshold for probative value will be very high. If it concerns a material issue in the trial, then it should be looked upon favourably.
Fourth, the court must consider whether the evidence supports the inference that the Crown is attempting to draw. This involves examining the similarities between the events. Factors include:
the proximity in time between the events
the extent to which the other events are factually similar
the number of occurrences of the similar events
the circumstances surrounding the events
the distinctiveness of the events
the existence of any intervening events
Next Binnie considered what prejudicial effects should be considered. They divided it into moral prejudice and reasoning prejudice. The moral prejudice includes evidence that will cause the jury to think that the accused is a bad person. This is particularly where the past events were acts that were more reprehensible than the current facts. The reasoning prejudice includes evidence that present a risk of distraction, confusion, and evidence that will consume too much time.
Using this test Binnie found that the evidence put forward by the Crown was inadmissible.
See also
List of Supreme Court of Canada cases (McLachlin Court)
External links
Canadian evidence case law
Supreme Court of Canada cases
2002 in Canadian case law
Tut (, also Romanized as Tūt and Toot) is a village in Hastijan Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 72, in 19 families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
The Atlas of Pidgin and Creole Language Structures (APiCS) is a comparative linguistic atlas of contact languages. It exists as a four volume publication and online database in the form of a website APiCS Online.
The atlas was edited by Susanne Maria Michaelis, Philippe Maurer, Martin Haspelmath, and Magnus Huber. The project ran between 2006 and 2013. The project involved 78 linguists contributing with data on languages that they are experts on. This makes APiCS different from other similar surveys of languages where there is typically one or a team of researchers gathering data on many languages by reading different descriptions. The project also has a wiki page APiCS wikipage. It is part of the Cross-Linguistic Linked Data project hosted by the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History.
APiCS gathers comparable synchronic data on the grammatical and lexical structures of a large number of pidgin and creole languages. The data is presented in the form of maps and profile pages for each language. The profile pages for the languages also include sociohistorical information about each language. The published physical volumes contain more information of this kind than the online version.
Languages included
The project covers 76 contact languages (pidgins, creoles and mixed languages). The language set contains not only the most widely studied Atlantic and Indian Ocean creoles, but also less well known pidgins and creoles from Africa, South Asia, Southeast Asia, Melanesia and Australia, including some extinct varieties. The Atlas does not make any classification into what is and what is not a pidgin/creole/mixed language. It is up to the readers and users of the database to make these classifications. This is a very important point, as it is inappropriate to refer to all languages in the APiCS as creoles.
Each language is the responsibility of a single author or a team of authors, which were requested to fill out a questionnaire for the 130 structural features and to write a sociohistorical and grammatical survey article for their language. There are also 18,525 audio examples online to illustrate the features for each language.
Structural features
The database consists of 130 structural features which are drawn from all areas of grammar: phonology, morphology, syntax and lexicon. A feature has between two and nine values, shown on the maps by different colours and shapes of the language symbols. The online version of the database includes interactive map display and various filtering and search functions, allowing users to address various research questions. Furthermore, the online version also includes sound files of every language, enabling the users to listen to a short text that is glossed and translated.
One of the important differences between APiCS and World Atlas of Language Structures, as well as other earlier surveys of languages, is that APiCS allows for languages to be coded for more than one strategy. For example, in the WALS there is one feature for the order of Subject, Object and Verb. Each language in WALS is coded as having one of the orders, or "no dominant order". In APiCS there is a mirror feature, but here each language can be coded for having more than one order and the distribution is given in percentages. The language Media Lengua for example is coded as having 30% SVO and 70% SOV.
Contributors cannot select any percentage, they choose between the following:
exclusively (100%)
pervasive (90%)
majority (70%)
about half (50%)
minority (30%)
marginal (10%)
When a summary is given for a feature users are displayed both with information on how many languages are coded as that value exclusively or as shared. There are for example 61% languages in APiCS that are coded as exclusively having the order SVO, and 10 that are coded as having that order and other orders as well (shared).
APiCS and the World Atlas of Language Structures (WALS)
APiCS was inspired by the World Atlas of Language Structures (WALS), which shows the geographical distribution of 142 features in an average of 400 languages worldwide. Pidgins and creoles were not completely excluded from WALS, but since the primary goal was to present the precolonial linguistic areas, pidgins and creoles were backgrounded. APiCS contains 48 features on which information is also available in WALS APiCS-WALS, so that creoles and pidgins can readily be compared with their substrate and superstrate languages, as well as with the world's languages in general. However, APiCS does not copy WALS blindly, but adds many features that did not make it into WALS but are important for contact languages. Other features that appear in WALS have been modified to suit the needs of the APiCS users.
As stated above, one of the major differences between WALS and APiCS is that APiCS allows for multiple values for one feature whereas WALS does not.
References
Interlinguistics
Pidgin
Linguistic atlases
Linguistics websites
Cross-Linguistic Linked Data
The Equestrian Portrait of Charles I (also known as Charles I on Horseback) is a large oil painting on canvas by Anthony van Dyck, showing Charles I on horseback. Charles I had become King of England, Scotland and Ireland in 1625 on the death of their father James I, and Van Dyck became Charles's Principal Painter in Ordinary in 1632.
The portrait is thought to have been painted in about 1637–38, only a few years before the English Civil War broke out in 1642. It is one of many portraits of Charles by Van Dyck, including several equestrian portraits. It is held by the National Gallery, London.
Background
This is the second equestrian portrait of Charles to be painted by Van Dyck. Charles is depicted wearing the same suit of armour, riding a heavily muscled dun horse with a peculiarly small head. To the right, a page proffers a helmet. Charles appears as a heroic philosopher king, contemplatively surveying their domain, carrying a baton of command, with a long sword to their side, and wearing the medallion of the Sovereign of the Order of the Garter. Their melancholy, distant expression was seen as a sign of wisdom. They wear the same suit of tilt armour in both equestrian paintings (although the last Royal tilt had been held in 1616, and another proposed in 1622 had been abandoned due to bad weather). A tablet tied to a branch reads (Charles I King of Great Britain) – a political statement at the time, only 33 years after James had united the crowns of Scotland and England, and proclaimed themselves King of Great Britain, and nearly 70 years before the Acts of Union legally created the Kingdom of Great Britain.
An earlier equestrian portrait, Charles I with M. de St Antoine, c. 1633, depicts Charles under a Roman triumphal arch, clad in armour and accompanied by their riding master, Pierre Antoine Bourdon, Seigneur de St Antoine. Van Dyck painted one other major portrait of Charles I with a horse: Charles I at the Hunt (Le Roi à la chasse, c.1635, now in the Louvre), which depicts Charles standing next to a horse in civilian clothing, as if resting on a hunt, wearing a wide-brimmed Cavalier hat and leaning on a walking cane, gazing at a coastal scene; a picture of "gentlemanly nonchalance and regal assurance".
Van Dyck's portraits of Charles on horseback echo the imperial tone of Titian's equestrian portrait of Emperor Charles V from 1548, itself inspired by equestrian portraits of Roman emperors. In c.1620, Van Dyck painted a similar portrait of Charles V. The composition may also borrow from Dürer's 1513 engraving Knight, Death and the Devil.
This is one of several closely contemporaneous works depicting Charles riding a horse as a means to increase their stature. Charles stood only high, and was keenly conscious of their height. In addition to the paintings, a near life-size equestrian statue of Charles I by Hubert Le Sueur was erected at Charing Cross in 1633 (although originally commissioned in 1630 for Lord Weston's garden in Roehampton; it now stands to the south of Nelson's Column in Trafalgar Square). A design by Inigo Jones for a triumphal arch at Temple Bar was intended to bear another equestrian statue of Charles.
Painting materials
The investigation of the painting and its pigment analysis was done by scientists at the National Gallery London. Van Dyck used the usual pigments of their time such as smalt, ochres, vermilion, red lake and azurite for the rather subdued tones and subtle colours.
Provenance
The painting was listed in the first catalogue of the Royal Collection, compiled in 1637–40. The very large painting, high by wide, was hung at the end of a long gallery at Hampton Court Palace. The Royal Collection was dispersed under the Commonwealth, and the painting was sold to Sir Balthazar Gerbier, formerly the king's agent in Antwerp, for £200 on 21 June 1650. It was acquired by Gisbert van Ceulen, who sold it to Maximilian II Emanuel, Elector of Bavaria and Governor of the Spanish Netherlands, in 1698, but was soon taken from Munich as booty of war by Emperor Joseph I. They presented the painting to John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough, in November 1706.
It was displayed at Blenheim Palace until the 8th Duke of Marlborough sold it to the National Gallery in 1895 for £17,500. It is usually exhibited in Room 31. The modern Royal Collection includes a smaller version, possibly a modello but perhaps a reduced later version.
Notes
References
Equestrian Portrait of Charles I, National Gallery
Charles I: The Personal Monarch; Charles Carlton; Routledge, 1984; , p. 148
The Tudor and Stuart Monarchy: Vol.III – Jacobean and Caroline; Roy C. Strong; Boydell & Brewer, 1998; , pp. 159–200
Charles I with M. de St Antoine 1633, Royal Collection
New life in a host of old masters, The Telegraph
Anthony van Dyck, Equestrian Portrait of Charles I, ColourLex
Alena Buis, "Anthony van Dyck's Equestrian Portraits of Charles I", The Concordia Undergraduate Journal of Art History, Vol 1, no date.
External links
Discussion by Janina Ramirez and Bendor Grosvenor: Art Detective Podcast, 31 Mar 2017
Charles I
Charles I of England in art
1638 paintings
Charles I
Charles I
Charles I
Charles I
Collections of the National Gallery, London
Cletodidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Harpacticoida.
Genera
Genera:
Acrenhydrosoma Lang, 1944
Australonannopus Hamond, 1974
Barbaracletodes Huys, 2009
References
Copepods
Stephan Carl Philipp Barbandt (1716after 1775), known as Charles Barbandt in England, was a German musician and a minor composer. They were baptised on 30 April 1716 in Hanover and died in London sometime after 1775. They were the eldest child of court musician Bartholomäus Barbandt (1687-1764). Carl Barbrandt was employed as the organist at the Bavarian Embassy Chapel in London from 1764. They were one of the first clarinet players in England and also played the oboe, the flute and the organ. Their 1766 collection Sacred Hymns, Anthems and Versicles was the first Catholic music published in England since William Byrd's Gradualia.  They are best known as the man who recognised Samuel Webbe's talent and who provided them with their musical education. They composed six sonatas op.1, six sonatas for the harpsichord op.5 and six symphonies op.6.
References
External links
German male composers
German classical musicians
1716 births
18th-century deaths
18th-century German composers
18th-century German male musicians
"We Say Yeah" is a song originally performed by Cliff Richard & The Shadows. It was initially released in December 1961 on "The Young Ones" soundtrack album and a few weeks later the B-side to "The Young Ones" single. Both reached number 1 in their respective UK charts. In France however, it was the rousing "We Say Yeah" instead of "The Young Ones" that made the singles chart, reaching number 14.
Johnny Hallyday version ("Dis-moi oui")
The song was adapted into French (under the title "Dis-moi oui") by Ralph Bernet and Claude Carrère and recorded by French singer Johnny Hallyday. They included it on their 1963 album Johnny Hallyday (commonly known as Les Bras en croix) and also released on the EP "Les Bras en croix".
Track listing
Les bras en croix, 7" EP Philips 432.908 BE (1963, France, Spain, etc.)
A1. "Les bras en croix" (2:13)
A2. "Quitte-moi doucement" ("Break It to Me Gently") (2:30)
B1. "Quand un air vous possède" ("When My Little Girl Is Smiling") (2:17)
B2. "Dis-moi oui" ("We Say Yeah") (2:07)
Charts
References
External links
Johnny Hallyday — Les Bras en croix (EP) on Discogs
1962 songs
1963 singles
Cliff Richard songs
Johnny Hallyday songs
Columbia Records singles
Philips Records singles
Songs written by Hank Marvin
Songs written by Bruce Welch
Ben Smaltz (born January 17, 1970) is an American politician who has served in the Indiana House of Representatives from the 52nd district since 2012.
References
1970 births
Living people
Members of the Indiana House of Representatives
Indiana Republicans
21st-century American politicians
The chestnut-backed sparrow-weaver (Plocepasser rufoscapulatus) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is found in southern Africa from Angola and southern Democratic Republic of Congo to Zambia and Malawi.
References
External links
Chestnut-mantled Sparrow-Weaver, or Chestnut-backed Sparrow-Weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
Plocepasser
Birds described in 1888
Taxa named by Johann Büttikofer
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
In Māori mythology, Atutahi is the name of Canopus, (Alpha Carinae).
Atutahi is the second brightest star in the night-time sky, second only to Sirius (Takurua).
Aotahi, Autahi, and Atutahi, "First-light" or "Single-light", were equivalent names that also intimated the star's solitary or self-centered nature.
Atutahi is considered to be very tapu star, and always dwells alone. This is seen in its position outside the Milky Way.
Of all the stars known to the Māori, Atutahi had a special place, along with Rigel (Puanga), because of their intimate association with kumara cultivation. Their appearance in the eastern sky was the sign for planting to begin.
Atutahi and Puanga could be used to foretell the weather.
Atutahi has several different mythologies attached to it as well. One story tells of how Atutahi was left outside of the basket representing the Milky Way when Tane wove it. Another related myth surrounding the star says that Autahi was the first-born child of Rangi, who refused to enter the Milky Way and so turned it sideways and rose before it. The same name is used for other stars and constellations throughout Polynesia.
Other names
Aotahi
Autahi
Atutahi-mā-Rehua
References
E. Best, Astronomical Knowledge of the Maori Dominion Museum Monograph No. 3. (Museum of New Zealand: Wellington), 1955.
MW Makemson The Morning Star Rises: an account of Polynesian astronomy (Yale University Press 1941)
E.R. Tregear, Maori-Polynesian Comparative Dictionary (Lyon and Blair: Lambton Quay, 1891).
Māori mythology
Canopus
Macropus titan is an extinct species of kangaroo (a marsupial) that lived during the Pleistocene. The species was most similar to the extant kangaroo species Macropus giganteus, the eastern grey kangaroo. Some doubt exists as to whether Macropus titan constitutes a separate species to the eastern grey kangaroo, as the two are extremely similar, M. titan differing consistently only in its greater size.
References
External links
Mikko's Phylogeny archive
Prehistoric macropods
Pleistocene mammals of Australia
Pleistocene marsupials
Mammals described in 1838
Faklen () was a Danish language intellectual magazine, debating humanism, contemporary Danish politics, education, and philosophical themes. The magazine was based in Copenhagen, Denmark.
History
The magazine was founded in 1996 by editor-in-chief Rune Engelbreth Larsen and a group of students from Danish universities in close cooperation with Danish author and philosopher Erwin Neutzsky-Wulff. Neutzsky-Wulff provided much of the material from the founding until their break with the magazine in 1999. the magazine was published by the students of the universities of Aarhus and Copenhagen. It covered news on cultural trends and social comment in Denmark. The topics emphasized included discrimination, racism, civil rights, forced labour, arbitrary solitary confinement and religious freedom.
From 1996 to 2001 Faklen was a print magazine. In 2002 it became an online-only magazine, a format it continued with until 2011 when the magazine was discontinued.
See also
List of magazines in Denmark
References
External links
Danish
Faklen's home page
Neutzsky-Wulff's home page
Eskapisme - Fanpage, referring most of Neutzsky-Wulffs production.
Neutzsky-Wulffs historier - Background and analysis.
English
''Faklen'''s section in English
English texts by Erwin Neutzsky-Wulff
1996 establishments in Denmark
2011 disestablishments in Denmark
Danish-language magazines
Defunct magazines published in Denmark
Defunct political magazines
Magazines established in 1996
Magazines disestablished in 2011
Magazines published in Copenhagen
Political magazines published in Denmark
Antebellum, Latin for "before war", may refer to:
United States history
Antebellum South, the pre-American Civil War period in the Southern United States
Antebellum Georgia
Antebellum South Carolina
Antebellum Virginia
Antebellum architecture
Other uses
Antebellum (film), a 2020 American film
Lady Antebellum, former name of American country music group Lady A
See also
History of the Southern United States
History of the United States (1789–1849)
History of the United States (1849–1865)
Status quo ante bellum, a Latin phrase meaning "the status before the war"
Bellum (disambiguation)
The women's 52 kg competition in judo at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro was held on 7 August at the Carioca Arena 2.
The gold and silver medals were determined by a single-elimination tournament, with the winner of the final taking gold and the loser receiving silver. Judo events awarded two bronze medals. Quarterfinal losers competed in a repechage match for the right to face a semifinal loser for a bronze medal (that is, the judokas defeated in quarterfinals A and B competed against each other, with the winner of that match facing the semifinal loser from the other half of the bracket).
The medals for the competition were presented by Thomas Bach, Germany, president of the International Olympic Committee and the gifts were presented by Marius Vizer, president of the International Judo Federation.
A controversy emerged that Joud Fahmy from Saudi Arabia gave up of their first round fight to avoid facing Israeli Gili Cohen. The Saudi Olympic team dismissed the controversy and tweeted that Fahmy had sustained injuries to their arm and leg during training and was advised by medical staff not to compete.
Results
Finals
{{Round4
|team-width=200
|score-width=30
|||000||000
|||000||000
|||000|'''
Repechages
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Pool D
References
External links
W52
Judo at the Summer Olympics Women's Half Lightweight
Women's events at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympics W52
Stefano Colagè (born 8 July 1962) is an Italian former professional road cyclist. They competed in eight editions of the Giro d'Italia, four editions of the Tour de France and one of the Vuelta a España. They also competed in the individual road race event at the 1984 Summer Olympics. Their most notable victories were the 1995 Tirreno–Adriatico and the 1995 Gran Premio di Lugano.
Major results
1984
3rd Overall Girobio
3rd Overall Coors Classic
1985
2nd Road race, National Road Championships
2nd Giro del Veneto
3rd Gran Premio Città di Camaiore
3rd Milano–Vignola
1986
1st Giro dell'Umbria
1987
1st Memorial Nencini
2nd GP Industria & Artigianato di Larciano
1988
2nd Giro dell'Appennino
2nd GP Industria & Artigianato di Larciano
3rd Giro del Friuli
1989
1st Giro dell'Umbria
3rd Coppa Bernocchi
1990
2nd Giro di Puglia
2nd Giro di Campania
1991
1st Stage 10 Tour de Suisse
2nd Coppa Sabatini
1992
1st Coppa Agostoni
1st Stage 2 Tirreno–Adriatico
1st Giro dell'Etna
2nd Trofeo Pantalica
2nd GP Industria & Artigianato di Larciano
1993
1st Stage 1 Vuelta al Táchira
1994
3rd Overall Tirreno–Adriatico
1995
1st Overall Tirreno–Adriatico
1st Stage 4
1st Gran Premio di Lugano
1st Giro dell'Etna
1st Trofeo Pantalica
3rd Coppa Sabatini
3rd Tre Valli Varesine
1996
1st Criterium d'Abruzzo
3rd Giro di Puglia
1997
3rd Criterium d'Abruzzo
3rd Clásica de San Sebastián
1998
1st Trofeo Pantalica
3rd Giro del Piemonte
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Italian male cyclists
Tour de Suisse stage winners
Cyclists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of Italy
Sportspeople from the Province of Viterbo
Cyclists from Lazio
The Palawan flowerpecker (Prionochilus plateni) is a species of bird in the family Dicaeidae. It is endemic to the Philippines.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
The scientific name commemorates the German zoologist Carl Constantin Platen.
References
Palawan flowerpecker
Birds of Palawan
Palawan flowerpecker
Palawan flowerpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Genrikh Osipovich Graftio (, 26 December 1869 in Dünaburg – 30 April 1949 in Leningrad) was a Russian/Soviet engineer credited as a pioneer of the hydroelectric station construction, as one of the founders of the GOELRO plan, and notable for the construction of the first hydroelectric stations in the Soviet Union, the Volkhov Hydroelectric Station in Volkhov and the Lower Svir Hydroelectric Station in Svirstroy.
Genrikh Graftio graduated from the Imperial Novorossiya University in Odessa in 1892 and the Petersburg Institute of Transport Engineers in 1896, where they were teaching since 1907. In 1921, they were appointed a professor at this university. Between 1896 and 1900 they were interned in Europe and USA, studying the power equipment.
In 1900, Graftio created the first project of the electrified railway in Russia, which was never realized. In 1906, they were charged with developing an electric tram network in Saint Petersburg, then the capital of the Russian Empire, which was opened in 1907. Since 1905, they were involved in project design of hydroelectric stations. In 1905, they designed a project of a power plant on the Vuoksi River (never realized), and in 1910–1911 Graftio designed the power plant on the Volkhov River, which was only realized in 1927.
Between 1918 and 1920 Graftio was the first deputy of the chief construction engineer of the Volkhov Hydroelectric Station, the first hydroelectric station to be built according to the plan. In February 1920, Graftio was included into the committee charged to draft the GOELRO plan, the program to provide sufficient electric power needed for future industrialization of Soviet Russia and, eventually, the Soviet Union. In the committee, they were responsible for the sections dealing with transportation and with the electrification of the Caucasus areas. The plan was drafted in December 1920. Since early 1921, they were the chief construction engineer until the construction was completed in 1927. On 21 March 1921 they were arrested on the charges of counterrevolutionary activity, but was freed after several months due to intervention of Gleb Krzhizhanovsky, who needed Graftio to continue working on the construction. After 1927, they were the chief engineer of the construction of the Svir Hydroelectric Station, opened in 1933. Between 1938 and 1945 Graftio was the Chief Inspector of the Ministry of Energy, tasked with the power plant construction. In particular, they were responsible for the program of the restoration of the stations destroyed during World War II. They died in 1949 in Leningrad.
Besides Russian, Graftio was fluent in English, French, German, Italian and Swedish. In 1932, they were elected a member of the USSR Academy of Sciences. They dedicated all their works to their wife Antonina.
Honours
They were awarded the Order of Lenin
They were awarded the Order of the Red Banner of Labour
They were made a full member of the Academy of Sciences without going through all the intermediate steps
The Lower Svir Hydroelectric Station was named after Graftio
The tomb of Graftio in Bolsheokhtinskoye Cemetery in Saint Petersburg is protected by the government at the local level as a historical monument
The monument to Graftio in Volkhov and the house where they lived during the construction of the power plant are both protected as historical monuments at the federal level.
References
1869 births
1949 deaths
Full Members of the USSR Academy of Sciences
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Engineers from the Russian Empire
Russian engineers
Soviet engineers
Za Pakhtoon Yum (Pashto: زہ پښتون يم) which means "I am Pashtun" is a Pakistani Pashto language drama serial, starring Azeem Sajad, Raheel Khan, Tariq Jamal, Maya Khan, Maria Khan. It originally aired on the AVT Khyber. Za Pakhtoon Yum is the first HD Pashto action drama based on society issues.
References
Pashto cinema
Pakistani drama television series
Sarathy (also spelled Sarathi, both from Sanskrit , "one with a chariot" or "charioteer") is an epithet of Krishna (an avatar of Vishnu) in the Mahabharata, a major Hindu epic. It is also a common name in South India.
In the Mahabharata, Krishna initially counselled peace to the Pandavas and Kauravas, two closely related families that chose to fight over the Kuru kingdom in northern India. Eventually siding with the Pandavas, they offered their services as a charioteer to Arjuna, the Pandavas' greatest archer. Krishna is thus accorded the title Parthasarathy, which translates to the charioteer of Partha (another name for Arjuna), or Sanathana Sarathi, eternal charioteer. The Bhagavad Gita, considered by many traditions to be Hinduism's most important religious text, consists of a dialogue between Krishna, the charioteer, and Arjuna just before the actual battle begins, where Krishna instructs Arjuna in the principle of dharma in response to their hesitation to fighting against their own relatives.
Symbolism
In Hinduism, as aligned with Plato's philosophy, the dynamic interaction of persons, horses, and parts are "yoked," "reined," and "bound" together, serving as an allegory for the atman or "self", and its relationship to the senses and the body.
In the Stri Parva of the Mahabharata, Vidura explains the concept of samsara to their grieving brother Dhritarashtra by offering the metaphor of a chariot and a charioteer.
References
Titles and names of Krishna
Forms of Krishna
The 1st Armoured Division was an armoured formation of the Australian Army, raised in 1941 as part of the Second Australian Imperial Force (AIF) during World War II. While the Division was originally to be deployed to North Africa in late 1941, it was retained in Australia following the outbreak of the Pacific War. The 1st Armoured Division formed a key element of Australia's defences against a feared Japanese invasion and was disbanded in Western Australia in September 1943.
History
Formation
The decision to form the 1st Armoured Division was inspired by the success of mass tank tactics in Europe during the early stages of World War II. The Australian War Cabinet approved the formation of an armoured division in July 1940, and 1st Armoured Division was established on 1 July 1941, under the command of Major General John Northcott. The Australian Armoured Corps was established at the same time, with the corps being formally gazetted on 9 July 1941.
The Division was established with two armoured brigades, 1st and 2nd, each of three armoured regiments. These were supported by various corps troops including an armoured car regiment, a motor regiment (converted from a light horse formation), engineers, a field artillery regiment, an anti-tank battery, and a logistics support group. On paper, each armoured regiment was to be equipped with 10 scout cars, 46 cruiser tanks, and six support tanks; while the motor regiment was to be established with 14 scout cars and 44 Universal Carriers, and the armoured car regiment 12 scout cars and 58 armoured cars.
During its early existence, the division faced several key challenges. The formation of an armoured division involved a massive expansion of Australia's armoured forces, so the great majority of the division's officers and soldiers had to be trained from scratch in newly established armoured warfare schools. This process was greatly complicated by the limited number of tanks available to the division, with the entire division having only eight light and 10 cruiser tanks by December, and having to utilise 30 Universal Carriers for training. While the number of tanks available to the division slowly increased, it did not receive its full allocation until May 1942.
Defence of Australia
Prior to the commencement of hostilities with Japan the 1st Armoured Division had been scheduled to deploy to the Middle East where it would be fully equipped and complete its training: the 1st Armoured Brigade was to embark for the Middle East in December 1941, with 2nd Armoured Brigade embarking in March 1942. These plans were, however, dropped in early December 1941 when it was decided to retain the division in Australia to defend against the feared Japanese landings on the Australian mainland. As an emergency measure the division's armoured regiments were equipped with Bren Carriers until sufficient tanks arrived.
Major General Horace Robertson replaced Northcott in April 1942 when Northcott was promoted to command the newly established II Corps. The 1st Armoured Division's armoured regiments were equipped with M3 Grant medium tanks and M3 Stuart light tanks in April and May 1942. Following this, the division was concentrated in northern New South Wales where it completed its training with a series of large exercises around Narrabri. In January 1943, the division was moved to the area between Perth and Geraldton, Western Australia, where it formed part of III Corps to counter the perceived threat of a Japanese invasion of Western Australia.
Disbandment
Due to the end of the Japanese threat to Australia and the unsuitability of large armoured formations in jungle warfare the 1st Armoured Division no longer had any real role by 1943. By this time, there was a manpower shortage in the Australian Army, which required a re-allocation of personnel and the gradual reduction of Australia's armoured units. While the division was disbanded in September 1943, its 1st Armoured Brigade and other units was retained as the independent 1st Armoured Brigade Group. This brigade group unit remained part of III Corps in Western Australia until its disbandment in September 1944. The 4th Armoured Brigade, which was established in March 1943 and included several regiments which had previously formed part of the 1st Armoured Division, provided all the Australian armoured units which saw action from 1943 until the end of the war.
Former elements in action
While 1st Armoured Division never saw action as a complete formation, three regiments which were part of the division saw action in the South West Pacific Area, either while assigned to the division, or later. In September 1942, the 2/6th Armoured Regiment, equipped with M3 Stuart light tanks, was deployed to New Guinea, and subsequently saw action during the Battle of Buna–Gona. During 1944–1945, the 2/4th Armoured Regiment contributed squadron-sized elements to both the Bougainville campaign and Aitape–Wewak campaigns, equipped with Matilda tanks. The 2/9th Armoured Regiment, also using Matildas, served in the Borneo campaign, including the Australian amphibious landings at Tarakan, Sarawak, Brunei, Labuan and British Borneo in 1945. Other armoured units, such as the 1st Armoured Regiment, which also took part in the Borneo campaign, were Militia units which had not formed part of the 1st Armoured Division.
Order of battle
Order of battle upon formation
At the time of its formation in July 1941, 1st Armoured Division consisted of:
Divisional Headquarters
2/11 Armoured Car Regiment
2/3 Field Squadron, Royal Australian Engineers (RAE)
4 Field Squadron, RAE
2/1 Field Park Squadron, RAE
1st Armoured Brigade
2/5th Armoured Regiment
2/6th Armoured Regiment
2/7th Armoured Regiment
2nd Armoured Brigade
2/8th Armoured Regiment
2/9th Armoured Regiment
2/10th Armoured Regiment
1st Support Group from February 1942
17th Motor Regiment
108th Anti Tank Regiment, Royal Australian Artillery
16th Field Regiment, Royal Australian Artillery
Divisional Administration Troops
Order of battle upon disbandment
At the time of the division's disbandment in September 1943 it consisted of:
Divisional Headquarters
2nd/11 Armoured Car Regiment
16 Field Regiment, RAA
112 Anti-Tank Regiment, RAA
1st Armoured Brigade
2/5 Armoured Regiment
2/7 Armoured Regiment
2/10 Armoured Regiment
15 Motor Regiments
3rd Motor Brigade
4 Motor Regiments
26 Motor Regiments
101 Motor Regiments
Divisional Administration Troops
1st Armoured Brigade Group
From September 1943 to September 1944 the division's former 1st Armoured Brigade group served as an independent brigade. In September 1943 the Brigade Group consisted of:
Brigade Headquarters
2/1 Armoured Brigade Reconnaissance Squadron
2/5 Armoured Regiment
2/7 Armoured Regiment
2/10 Armoured Regiment
15 Motor Regiments
Brigade Administration Troops
See also
Australian armoured units of World War II
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
01 Armoured
01 Armoured
Military units and formations established in 1941
Military units and formations disestablished in 1943
Chup Raho () is a Pakistani drama series that aired on ARY Digital from 19 August 2014. It is directed by Yasir Nawaz. It is written by Samira Fazal and produced by Six Sigma Entertainment. It stars Sajal Ali, Syed Jibran, Yasir Nawaz, Arjumand Rahim and Feroze Khan.
Plot
The story revolves around Rameen, who comes from Islamabad to Karachi along with their parents to meet their sister Minal and brother-in-law Numair who is shown to have lustful eyes upon them They rape them and forcefully makes them remain silent. Azar, who is a cousin of Numair, is keen to marry her, but after being raped by Numair they are reluctant thinking that they might be the same as Numair. Rameen discloses to their parents that they are being harassed by Numair to which their mother asks them to keep it as a secret as it could affect their sister's marital life. Numair attacks their father-in-law as they discover the truth. Rameen's father suffers from a heart attack and passes away. Rameen then agrees to marry Azar after which they try to tell their husband the truth about Numair but he, along with everyone else, thinks that they are lying as Rameen's mother lies to everyone that Rameen is suffering from a disease and needs medical attention as they wanted to save their daughter Minal's house. Later, their mother dies and Azar, Minal and Numair throw them out of the house and they are made to live in the servant quarters. No one believes them to be innocent. Rameen then leaves the house quietly. They live in a private women's hostel, where they meet a girl who sells girls for money. Rameen doesn't know about it but when they get to know about it, they get out of the car in which that girl was going to sell them There, they meet Sheraz. Sheraz's is a widower with three daughters. On the other side, Azar in a drunk state commits suicide as they have a guilt of what they did with Rameen. Sheraz takes Rameen to their house. There, they get attached with their daughters and mother and asks Sheraz to live in their house as a maid. They give their permission to live in their house but soon both of them fall in love with each other. On the other hand, Numair and Minal's daughter suffers from cancer. Numair thinks that if Rameen lives close to their daughter than they will be cured and Allah will forgive their sins. When Rameen comes back to home, Numair accepts that they raped Rameen and to stop them from going away again, they don't tell them that Azar is dead (he was guilty and committed suicide) . They say that Azar is in Saudi Arabia and sends their flowers and messages on the name of azar to make sure they think that they are alive. Minal is confused and agitated so they confront Rameen to tell them that Azar is dead and that Numair is lying to them Numair claims Sheraz to have lustful eyes towards Rameen to the fact which Rameen blindly accepts. But when Rameen learns the truth, they leave the house and marries Sheraz. Numair is devastated and thinks that now their daughter is going to die and eventually they turn mad and is admitted in mental hospital. Minal is in the hospital crying over their daughters condition while they remember all those times when they wronged their own sister just for their husband. While Sheraz and Rameen live with their children happily.
Cast
Sajal Ali as Rameen
Yasir Nawaz as Sheraz
Syed Jibran as Numair
Arjumand Rahim as Minal
Feroze Khan as Aazer
Shaheen Khan as Rameen and Minal's mother
Tariq Jameel as Rameen and Minal's father
Rizwana as Sheraz's mother
Silah (childstar)
Eshal (childstar)
Arisha (childstar)
Release
In 2015, the show was broadcast in India on Zindagi under the title Khamosh Ladki ... Dheere Dheere Fanah In 2017, it was also aired on ARY Digital's sister channel ARY Zindagi. Furthermore, it is also available on Indian OTT platform MX Player to stream online.
Reception
The drama serial soon became popular after its release. It made the ARY Digital slot leader on Tuesdays. The drama serial gained high ratings and was commercial success and received average TRPs of 6.5 and of 8.9 at its highest. Initially, the show was also praised by the critics due to its unique storyline and portryal of a taboo subject, but later it was criticised due to its unauthentic, flawed dramatisation and misleading depiction.
Accolades
Nominations
Lux Style Awards - Bes TV Play
Lux Style Awards - Best TV Writer - Samira Fazal
Lux Style Awards - Best TV Actor - Syed Jibran
References
External links
Official website
Chup Raho on MX Player
Pakistani drama television series
Samira Fazal
Television series written by Samira Fazal
ARY Digital original programming
Urdu-language television shows
Urdu-language telenovelas
2014 Pakistani television series debuts
2015 Pakistani television series endings
Alain Lorieux (born March 26, 1956) is a retired French international rugby union player. They played as a lock.
Lorieux played for FC Aix les Bains from 1978/79 to 1984/85, FC Grenoble from 1985/86 to 1988/89, and RC Seyssens in 1989/90.
Lorieux had 31 caps for France, from 1981 to 1989, scoring 3 tries, 12 points on aggregate. They earned their first cap on 5 July 1981 against Australia in a 17-15 loss at Brisbane. They played 5 times at the Five Nations Championship, in 1982, 1984, 1987, 1988 and 1989, being a winner in 1988, ex-aequo with Wales, and 1989. Lorieux was called for the 1987 Rugby World Cup, where France was runner-up to New Zealand. They played in 5 games, scoring 2 tries, 8 points on aggregate.
References
External links
http://www.espnscrum.com/france/rugby/player/9172.html
French rugby union players
Living people
France international rugby union players
1956 births
Sportspeople from La Tronche
Rugby union locks
FC Grenoble players
Tyritáke () was an ancient Greek town of the Bosporan Kingdom, situated in the eastern part of Crimea, about 11 km to the south from Panticapaeum. It is tentatively identified with the ruins in the Kerch district of Kamysh-Burun (Arshyntseve), on the shore of the Cimmerian Bosporus.
There are only few short mentions about Tyritake in ancient literary sources (Stephanus of Byzantium, Ethnika 642, 12; Pseudo - Aelius Herodianus, De prosodia catholica 315.12; Claudius Ptolemy, Geography 3.6.3.2; Ps. Arrian, Periplous Ponti Euxini 50,9 and Gaius Plinius Secundus, NH 4, 86-87 who names the city as Dia). First serious excavations, started in 1932 (headed by J. Marti) and have been followed in 1946-1957 by great Bosporan Expedition headed by prof. V. Gaidukievich. In 70s and 80s the territory of Tyritake was excavated by an expedition from the Kerch Museum headed by D. Kirilin and O. Shevelev and since 2000 the project "Bosporan City Tyritake" directed by prof. V. Zin'ko. In 2008 the Polish Archaeological Mission Tyritake of National Museum in Warsaw, with Alfred Twardecki as director, joined the project.
All these archaeological projects were able to establish that the colony, founded about the mid-6th century BC, specialized in crafts and viticulture. In the first centuries AD, fishing and wine production became the economical mainstay of the town. Tyritake was sacked by the Goths in the 3rd century AD and again in the 4th century by the Huns, but a settlement on the site continued into the Middle Ages.
See also
List of Ancient Greek cities
References
Tyritake on the official website of the Crimean government
- Site of Polish Archaeological Mission "Tyritake"
Bibliography
- Tyritake, Antique Site at Cimmerian Bosporus, ed. A. Twardecki, Warsaw 2014
Greek colonies in Crimea
Populated places established in the 6th century BC
Former populated places in Eastern Europe
Cultural heritage monuments of federal significance in Crimea
David Robbins is an American music composer.  They are a brother of actor and director Tim Robbins. They have written many works for television and films, including the films Dead Man Walking and Bob Roberts.
References
External links
Living people
American television composers
American film score composers
American male film score composers
20th-century American composers
Georges Delerue Award winners
20th-century American male musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Komarov (, from комар meaning mosquito) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Komarova. It may refer to:
Aleksey Komarov (1921–2013), Russian Olympic rower
Alexey Komarov (1879-1977), Russian wildlife artist
Dimitri Komarov (born 1968), Ukrainian chess grandmaster
Igor Komarov (born 1964), director of Roscosmos since 2015
Leo Komarov (born 1987), Finnish ice hockey player
Mikhail Yuryevich Komarov (b. 1984), Russian footballer
Mykola Komarov (born 1961), Soviet rower
Natalia Komarova (b. 1971), Russian-American mathematician
Natalya Komarova (born 1955), Russian politician
Nikolay Komarov (politician) (1886–1937), Russian revolutionary and a Soviet politician in 10th Orgburo of the Russian Communist Party (Bolsheviks)
Nikolay Vasilyevich Komarov (1831-?), Russian non-commissioned officer and founder of Vladivostok
Stanislava Komarova (born 1986), Russian swimmer
Vissarion Komarov (1832–1908), Russian journalist and editor; Serbian Army general
Vladimir Komarov (1927–1967), Soviet cosmonaut, killed on landing of the Soyuz 1 mission.
Kosmonaut Vladimir Komarov, satellite tracking ship, named after them
Vladimir Komarov (footballer) (born 1980), Russian association football player
Vladimir Komarov (speed skater) (1949-2018), Olympic speed skater
Vladimir Andreyevich Komarov (born 1976), Russian musician
Vladimir Leontyevich Komarov (1869–1945), Russian botanist
Vyacheslav Komarov (born 1950), Russian football coach and player
Yelena Komarova (born 1985), Azerbaijani wrestler
Yury Komarov (business person) (born 1945), Russian business person
Yury Komarov (footballer) (born 1954), Russian footballer
Russian-language surnames
Bartholomew Albizzi (died 1361) was an Italian Franciscan hagiographer.  They are known for their life of Gerardo Cagnoli.
External links
Franaut entry
1361 deaths
Italian Friars Minor
Italian religious writers
Christian hagiographers
Year of birth unknown
State Route 61 (SR 61) is a west-to-east highway in the U.S. state of Tennessee that is . State Route 61 begins in Roane County, and it ends in Grainger County.
Route description
Roane County
SR 61 begins in Roane County as a primary highway in the city of Rockwood at an intersection with US 27/US 70/SR 29/SR 1. It begins concurrent with US 27 as its companion route though it is signed, except on I-40. They then proceed north as a four-lane divided highway and have a junction with the short SR 382, providing access to Roane State Community College, and cross into Harriman. US 27/SR 61 continue north to have an interchange with I-40 (Exit 347), with only US 27 signed, and enter the "South Harriman" neighborhood. US 27/SR 61 continue through Harriman's main business district and again intersect and have an unsigned concurrency with SR 29, US 27's main companion route. They then cross the Emory River and enter downtown Harriman as Roane Street. They continue through downtown, still as a four-lane, and junction with SR 328, a loop route through the town of Oakdale. The highway leaves downtown, as a four-lane divide highway, and go by the Harriman campus of Tennessee College of Applied Technology (TCAT) and exit Harriman. US 27 and SR 61 then split at an interchange, with SR 29 following US 27 as its companion route. SR 61 turns east alone as two-lane rural highway. SR 61 then intersects SR 327 in the community of Blair. It then enters the community of Kellytown before entering the city of Oliver Springs. The highway widens into a four-lane highway with a center turn lane. SR 61 then comes to an intersection with SR 62, which is the main highway in and out of Morgan County, and SR 330, which provides access to downtown, and becomes concurrent with SR 62 north of downtown. SR 61/SR 62 then bypass downtown to the north and east as a four-lane divided highway with partially controlled access and crosses into Anderson County.
Anderson County
They then have a partial interchange with Main Street and enter Oliver Springs' main business district. Continuing southeast, they then separate with SR 62 heading into Oak Ridge and SR 61 becoming a secondary highway as it goes toward Clinton as a two-lane rural highway. It goes through some farmland in the communities of Batley and Marlow on a nearly straightaway before becoming slightly curvy before coming to an intersection with SR 95. It then turns east again, becoming a primary highway, as a four-lane undivided highway running along the banks of the Clinch River. SR 61 then enters the city of Clinton and junctions with US 25W/SR 9. The highway continues on through downtown and becomes a four-lane divided highway and crosses the Clinch River. SR 61 now has an interchange with I-75 (Exit 122), leaving Clinton and becoming a secondary highway. It then passes through the community of Bethel, where it passes by the Museum of Appalachia, before entering Norris and having an intersection and short concurrency with US 441 / SR 71. The highway now leaves Norris and becomes a two-lane rural highway. SR 61 then goes through the community of Andersonville before becoming extremely curvy and narrow, and enters Union County.
Union County
It then runs alongside Norris Lake for a few miles and passes Big Ridge State Park before intersecting with SR 170 in New Loyston. The highway junctions and becomes concurrent with SR 33 in Paulette and the two highways enter Maynardville as a two-lane rural highway. In Maynardville, it becomes a four-lane undivided highway and intersects with SR 144. They then leave Maynardville and revert to a two-lane rural highway. SR 33 and SR 61 then separate and SR 61 becomes curvy once again and intersects SR 370 before entering Luttrell and having an intersection and short concurrency with SR 131.
Knox and Grainger Counties
It then shortly crosses into Knox County and intersects with SR 331 near Corryton before crossing into Grainger County. The highway then enters Blaine and comes to an end at an intersection with US 11W / SR 1, ending as a secondary highway.
Harvey H. Hannah Memorial Highway
Along the highway from Harriman to Oliver Springs, Highway 61 is called "The Harvey H. Hannah Highway". Harvey H. Hannah of Oliver Springs was the Tennessee Chairman of the State Railroad and Public Utilities Commission for 30 years. They served in the Spanish–American War, becoming colonel of the 4th Tennessee Volunteers. They also became a military governor of a Cuban province. Cordell Hull, who became United States Secretary of State, served as a captain under Hannah. Besides being a lawyer, military officer and politician, they were well known as a great orator. They served as Adjutant General under two Tennessee governors from 1903 to 1907. This was where they acquired the title "General". In 1922, General Hannah was a candidate for governor in the Democratic primary but was defeated by Austin Peay, who became governor. On November 8, 1936, Hannah died from a throat condition. Governor Hill McAlister visited Hannah before their death and asked, "Harvey, is there anything that I can do for you?" They replied, "Hill, I know that money is hard to get, but I hope that you will find enough state money to finish the Oliver Springs-Harriman highway." The Governor obtained the money, and the highway was named in Hannah's honor. Hannah is buried in the Oliver Springs Cemetery and their tombstone is said to be the tallest monument in the Oliver Springs area.
Major intersections
See also
List of Tennessee state highways
References
Tennessee Department of Transportation (24 January 2003). "State Highway and Interstate List 2003".
External links
Tennessee Department of Transportation
061
Transportation in Roane County, Tennessee
Transportation in Anderson County, Tennessee
Transportation in Union County, Tennessee
Transportation in Knox County, Tennessee
Transportation in Grainger County, Tennessee
Oak Ridge, Tennessee
Ben Vida (born 1974) lives and works in New York. They hold a Masters of Fine Arts from Bard College. As an artist and composer, they have been an active member of the international experimental music community for two decades with a long list of collaborators, projects and releases to their credit.
Biography
Vida has performed as a musician in several bands since the mid 1990s. They co-founded the minimalist quartet Town & Country and continued to perform as a guitarist and trumpeter for the band. Vida was also a member of Pillow and Terminal 4 and recorded and performed solo as Bird Show and in the Drag City band Singer.
In addition to their musical endeavors, Vida has exhibited their work as a contemporary artist in recent years. Their work has been performed and presented in New York at the Guggenheim, Audio Visual Arts, and The Artist's Institute; in London at The Institute of Contemporary Art and The Royal Festival Hall as part of the Meltdown Festival; in Chicago at The Museum of Contemporary Art; and other locations such as the Sydney Opera House, Leap Gallery, Berlin, and Museo d'Arte Moderna di Bologna.
Other solo and two-person exhibitions include:
2016
[Smile on.]. . . [Pause.]. . . [Smile off.], Lisa Cooley, New York
2015
Microramp Boombox, with Jeff DeGolier, Waterfront Gallery, Kingston, New York
Slipping Control (West), 356 S Mission Rd, Los Angeles, California
2014
Damaged Particulates (Undersong Edition), Unsound NYC, Experimental Intermedia, New York. Travelled to: Cricoteka Museum, Kraków, Poland [2014]; Leap Gallery, Berlin, Germany [2014]
2013
Bloopers: #0, Performa Biennial, New York
Metal Fatigue Music with Jeff DeGolier, NADA Fair Miami special project, Miami Beach, Florida
Slipping Control, Audio Visual Arts, New York
2012
hy.morf.eld, Artist's Institute, New York
Vida has been the recipient of several awards including the ISSUE Project Room Artist-in-Residency Commission; the Museu d' Art Contemporani de Barcelona “Composing with Process” Exclusive Works Commission; Unsound Festival New Works Commission and a Swedish Arts Committee Travel Grant. Recent residencies include EMS Studios, Stockholm; EMPAC, Troy and the Clocktower, Manhattan.
References
Living people
Artists from New York (state)
Musicians from New York (state)
21st-century American composers
1974 births
Taylor Islands () is a group of rocky islands and rocks in Antarctica, lying at the west side of Edisto Ice Tongue and marking the west end of the Highjump Archipelago. Delineated from aerial photographs taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47, and named for Richard Spence Taylor, who served as surveyor with the U.S. Navy Operation Windmill parties which established astronomical control stations from Wilhelm II Coast to Budd Coast in January–February 1948.
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
Islands of Wilkes Land
Christian Stadelmann (1959 – 26 July 2019) was a German violinist. For many years they were leader of the second violin section of the Berlin Philharmonic.
Life
Stadelmann was born in Berlin; they studied at the Berlin University of the Arts with Thomas Brandis, afterwards becoming a member of the Junge Deutsche Philharmonie.
In 1985 they joined the Berlin Philharmonic as a second violinist, and two years later they became section leader. With orchestra colleagues they founded the Philharmonia Quartet Berlin, in which they were second violin. They taught at the Karajan Academy.
They died on 26 July 2019, aged 60, after a serious illness. Knut Weber, cellist and member of the Berlin Philharmonic's orchestra board, said: "Not only was they an outstanding musician, but for more than twenty years they represented the Berlin Philharmonic as a member of the Fünferrat (council of five). In addition, as a teacher of the Karajan Academy, they trained numerous young violinists, some of whom are now members of our orchestra themselves."
References
External links
R.I.P Christian Stadelmann, German Violin Player m-festival.biz 5 August 2019
1959 births
2019 deaths
20th-century classical violinists
German classical violinists
Male classical violinists
Musicians from Berlin
Berlin University of the Arts alumni
Players of the Berlin Philharmonic
Strigopteroides is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, containing the following species:
Strigopteroides aegyptiaca (Gmelin, 1790)
Strigopteroides margotanae Novak, 1995
Strigopteroides semenowi (Obenberger, 1934)
References
Buprestidae genera
PvPGN (Player vs Player Gaming Network) is a free and open source software project offering emulation of various gaming network servers. It is published under the GPL and based upon bnetd.
It supports most features for Blizzard Entertainment's Battle.net "classic" games (Diablo, Diablo II, Diablo II: Lord of Destruction, StarCraft, StarCraft: Brood War, Warcraft II: Battle.net Edition, Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos, Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne). It also offers basic support for Westwood Online clients (Command & Conquer: Tiberian Sun, Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2, Command & Conquer: Yuri's Revenge). Westwood support is still at an experimental state.
Typical uses
A PvPGN Server can be used:
When wanting to host a local tournament with local users and ladders.
When wanting to maintain a local community of friends rather than playing on Battle.net.
For people who want to play on a LAN but with Battle.net-like statistics. Various cybercafes use a PvPGN server for this purpose.
For people who want to play on a server within their country or local area, so as to reduce lag.
Supported protocols
The list of supported clients and their minimum version required is:
Battle.net
Diablo I 1.09
StarCraft 1.16.1.1
Starcraft: Brood War 1.16.1.1
Warcraft II Battle.Net Edition 2.02
Diablo II 1.09 and 1.10 (and unofficially 1.11b, 1.12a)
Diablo II: Lord of Destruction 1.09 and 1.10 (and unofficially 1.11b, 1.12a, 1.13c)
Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos 1.21
Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne 1.21 (and 1.22.0.6328)
Westwood Online
Command & Conquer Win95 edition v1.04a (not supported in PvPGN 1.8.2, Beta in PvPGN 1.99)
Command & Conquer: Red Alert Win95 edition v2.00 and v3.03 (not supported in PvPGN 1.8.2, Beta in PvPGN 1.99)
Command & Conquer: Tiberian Sun v2.03 ST-10 (Alpha in PvPGN 1.8.2, Beta in PvPGN 1.99)
Command & Conquer: Tiberian Sun Firestorm (not supported in PvPGN 1.8.2, Beta in PvPGN 1.99)
Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2 1.006 (Alpha in PvPGN 1.8.2, Beta in PvPGN 1.99)
Command & Conquer: Yuri's Revenge v1.001 (Alpha in PvPGN 1.8.2, Beta in PvPGN 1.99)
Command & Conquer: Renegade (not supported in PvPGN 1.8.2, Beta in PvPGN 1.99)
Nox v1.02b (not supported in PvPGN 1.8.2, Beta in PvPGN 1.99)
Nox Quest v1.02b (not supported in PvPGN 1.8.2, Beta in PvPGN 1.99)
Dune 2000 v1.06 (not supported in PvPGN 1.8.2, Beta in PvPGN 1.99)
Emperor: Battle for Dune v1.09 (not supported in PvPGN 1.8.2, Beta in PvPGN 1.99)
Supported platforms
BeOS
FreeBSD 4.x 5.x 6.x 7.x 8.x
Linux 2.4 and later
Mac OS X 10.2 and up
Microsoft Windows 5x/6x kernel, Windows 2000, Windows XP, Windows Server 2003, Windows Vista, Windows Home Server
Solaris
Platform support should be easy on any POSIX compatible system. (Tested on 32 and 64-bit platforms, various integer byte endings, etc.)
Code style and development
PvPGN is free software, licensed under the GNU General Public License version 2. It is written in the C programming language; its source code is hosted in a CVS repository. PvPGN is mature and highly scalable - a single server instance is capable of over 21,000 real-time connections.
C++ branch
Starting with PvPGN 1.99, a new branch was created and work is underway to incrementally convert the codebase to C++. The new branch is hosted in Apache Subversion rather than CVS.
External links
Free network-related software
Free emulation software
Server emulators
Istamo () is a Syrian village in the Qardaha District in Latakia Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Istamo had a population of 2,288 in the 2004 census.
References
Alawite communities in Syria
Populated places in Qardaha District
Reno County (standard abbreviation: RN) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the population was 61,898. The largest city and county seat is Hutchinson.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state.
In 1867, Reno County was established, named for General Jesse L. Reno.
In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway extended its main line from Herington to Pratt. This main line connected Herington, Ramona, Tampa, Durham, Waldeck, Canton, Galva, McPherson, Groveland, Inman, Medora, Hutchinson, Whiteside, Partridge, Arlington, Langdon, Turon, Preston, Natrona, Pratt. In 1888, this main line was extended to Liberal. Later, this line was extended to Tucumcari, New Mexico and El Paso, Texas. This line is called the "Golden State Limited".
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.3%) is water. It is the third-largest county by area in Kansas.
Adjacent counties
Rice County (north)
McPherson County (northeast)
Harvey County (east)
Sedgwick County (southeast)
Kingman County (south)
Pratt County (southwest)
Stafford County (west)
National protected area
Quivira National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
The Hutchinson Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Reno County.
As of the census of 2000, there were 64,790 people, 25,498 households, and 17,313 families residing in the county. The population density was 52 people per square mile (20/km2). There were 27,625 housing units at an average density of 22 per square mile (8/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 91.56% White, 2.88% Black or African American, 0.58% Native American, 0.45% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 2.69% from other races, and 1.81% from two or more races. 5.65% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 25,498 households, out of which 30.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.90% were married couples living together, 8.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.10% were non-families. 27.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.94.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.50% under the age of 18, 9.30% from 18 to 24, 26.90% from 25 to 44, 22.90% from 45 to 64, and 16.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 100.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,510, and the median income for a family was $42,643. Males had a median income of $31,495 versus $21,329 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,520. About 8.10% of families and 10.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.90% of those under age 18 and 8.50% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Reno County is strongly Republican. The last time a Democratic candidate won the county was in 1976 when Jimmy Carter did so. However, 1988 was somewhat close as Michael Dukakis lost the county by only 5 percentage points due to a persistent drought and farm crisis.
Presidential elections
Laws
Reno County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement. The food sales requirement was removed with voter approval in 2004.
Education
Colleges
Hutchinson Community College
Unified school districts
Hutchinson USD 308
Nickerson-South Hutchinson USD 309
Fairfield USD 310
Pretty Prairie USD 311
Haven USD 312
Buhler USD 313
Private schools
There are three private schools in Hutchinson:
Central Christian School (K-12)
Trinity Catholic High School (7-12)
Holy Cross Catholic school (PreK-6)
Communities
Cities
Abbyville
Arlington
Buhler
Haven
Hutchinson
Langdon
Nickerson
Partridge
Plevna
Pretty Prairie
South Hutchinson
Sylvia
The Highlands
Turon
Willowbrook
Census-designated place
Yoder
Other unincorporated communities
Castleton
Darlow
Medora
Pleasantview
St. Joe (Ost)
Ghost towns
Huntsville
Kent
Lerado
Olcott
Sego
Yaggy
Townships
Reno County is divided into thirty-one townships. The cities of Hutchinson and Nickerson are considered governmentally independent and are excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Reno County, Kansas
Reno County Area Transit, known as Rcat, provides public transportation for the citizens of the county.
References
Notes
Further reading
History of Reno County, Kansas : Its People, Industries, and Institutions; 2 Volumes; Sheridan Ploughe; Bowen and Company; 445 / 959 pages; 1917. (Volume1 - Download 19MB PDF eBook), (Volume2 - Download 32MB PDF eBook)
Standard Atlas of Reno County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 110 pages; 1918.
Plat Book of Reno County, Kansas; Hutchinson blueprint Co; 61 pages; 1912.
Plat Book of Reno County, Kansas; North West Publishing Co; 77 pages; 1902.
External links
County
Reno County - Directory of Public Officials
Other
Reno County Museum
Maps
Reno County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas railroad maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1867 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1867
DTaP-IPV/Hib vaccine is a 5-in-1 combination vaccine that protects against diphtheria, tetanus, whooping cough, polio, and Haemophilus influenzae type B.
Its generic name is 'diphtheria and tetanus toxoids and acellular pertussis adsorbed, inactivated poliovirus and haemophilus B conjugate vaccine', and it is also known as DTaP-IPV-Hib.
Uses
DTaP-IPV/Hib vaccine is administered to young children to immunise against diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, poliomyelitis, and diseases caused by Haemophilus influenzae type B.
Formulations
A branded formulation marketed in the United States is Pentacel, manufactured by Sanofi Pasteur.
Pentacel is known in the UK and Canada as Pediacel.
An equivalent vaccine marketed in the UK and Canada by GlaxoSmithKline is Infanrix IPV + Hib. This is a two-part vaccine. The DTaP-IPV component is supplied as a sterile liquid, which is used to reconstitute lyophilized (freeze-dried) Hib vaccine.
Pentaxim is a liquid formulation marketed by Sanofi Pasteur.
Availability
It is only licensed for young children. In the US the FDA have approved the vaccine for children from age 6 weeks up to age 5 years. It was used in the UK until 2017, following which a 6-in-1 vaccine became available containing the additional protection against Hepatitis B.
References
Combination drugs
Combination vaccines
Diphtheria
Haemophilus
Whooping cough
Polio
Tetanus
Vaccines
Montalbano Jonico (Metapontino: ) is a town and comune in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
Geography data
Montalbano Jonico is located in the south-west part of the province, between the rivers Cavone and Agri. The town is 72 kilometres from Matera and 118 kilometres from Potenza.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
The Battle of Veere was a small naval battle that took place in late May 1351 during the Hook and Cod wars.
Context
Just like the County of Holland, the County of Zeeland had been very restive after the death of the last male Avesnes count William IV of Holland and Zeeland. In 1349-1350 William of Bavaria attempted to become count of Holland and Zeeland without keeping the conditions their mother Margaret, Countess of Hainaut had demanded.
In April 1350 William went to Hainaut and submitted to their mother, and that seemed the end of William's rule. However, in August 1350 an assassination led to open rebellion. Delft, a number of other cities north of the Hollandse IJssel and some nobles formed an alliance later known as the Cod faction. They attacked the perpetrators, and refused to submit to Margaret's authority.
In order to secure their authority in Zeeland, Margaret travelled from Zierikzee to Middelburg. On 18 January 1351 Wolfert III van Borselen, Claas van Borselen, Floris van Borselen and Olivier van Everingen pledged their loyalty to them Jan and Florens van Haamstede and their allies did the same.
In the night of 1-2 February 1351 William escaped from Hainaut. They appeared in Holland a few days later, and placed themselves at the head of the Cod faction. Margaret was supported by the Hook faction.
Margaret next went to Dordrecht, where their older son Louis also arrived. Here Margaret tried to gather support, but meanwhile William's rule became ever more solid. Margaret then sent repeated invitations to William to negotiate in Dordrecht, but they refused to appear. In late March or early April Margaret then left for the (English) city of Calais to gather support from England.
The strategic Situation
Holland, April 1351
William was supported by the Cod faction. This consisted of most of the cities in Holland, and a small part of the nobility. Of the cities in Holland some, like Delft, Haarlem, Leiden, Amsterdam, Rotterdam and Schiedam were fierce supporters of William. Others cities might have been lukewarm. Only a small part of the nobility supported the Cods, and these were not the mightiest lords. Margaret's Hook side was supported by the small cities Gouda and Schoonhoven and held Geertruidenberg. It had many supporters among the nobility. Its leadership consisted of some high nobles with well fortified castles.
After the failed negotiations of April 1351, many Hook lords had withdrawn to their castles. The Hook leadership was with Margaret. William was not able to quickly take all of the Hook castles. They started to besiege some, while other castles were left alone. As the Hook side was evidently unable to stop William, this would in time lead to William becoming master of all the Hook castles. Therefore, Margaret had to act.
The situation in Zealand
Margaret was in control of Zierikzee, the second city of Zeeland, located on the island Schouwen. The city had been very rebellious some years before, but now seemed solidly on their side. On the island they were supported by Jan II van Haamstede lord of Haamstede and their brother Floris II van Haamstede, owners of Haamstede Castle.
The other big city in Zealand was Middelburg on the island of Walcheren. The mightiest lord of Walcheren was Wolfert van Borselen, the enemy of the Haamstede's. They were Lord of the recently fortified small city of Veere and resided on the nearby castle Zandenburg.
Another mighty lord in Zeeland was Machteld van Voorne. They were lady of Voorne, and controlled the islands Voorne and Goeree. On Voorne was their ancestral home the Burcht of Voorne, which they held as burgrave of Zeeland. Margaret had alienated Machteld by granting Machteld's lands to their son Otto V, Duke of Bavaria upon their death, which made that Machteld would do anything to help William.
Margaret's alliance with Edward III
Already in October 1350 Margaret had started negotiations with Edward III of England. The idea was that they would use force to take control in Holland, Zeeland and Friesland, and would be compensated by getting temporary custody of the area.
After the failed negotiations in Dordrecht, Margaret again sought aid in England. Edward III of England was married to Margaret's sister Philippa of Hainault, and therefore had some pretention to possibly inherit Holland, Zeeland and Hainaut. They were especially interested in Zeeland, which was useful for their trade relations with the County of Flanders.
As stated above, Margaret left Dordrecht in late March or early April. They went to Calais to meet the English representatives: Queen Philippa, Henry Duke of Lancaster, and Walter Manny, 1st Baron Manny. Monsieur d'Enghien (from Hainaut) was also with them
As these people were meeting in Calais, Margaret received news that on 16 April William had been recognized as count by Dordrecht. The English representatives pledged to aid Margaret, who went to Hainaut to gather support there.
The battle
Wolfert van Borselen revolts near Middelburg
After arriving back in Hainaut, a delegation of their supporters and the government of Zierikzee arrived, carrying letters by their son Louis. They pointed out that they had to come to Zierikzee, or loose Zeeland too. Wolfert III van Borselen, lord of Veere was assembling an army near Middelburg, and had invited William to come over. It led to Middelburg switching to William's side.
Margaret now hurried northwards to the now disappeared city of Reimerswaal, on the southern bank of the Eastern Scheldt. Here they met their son Louis.
Summary of events
Not much is known about the battle. It is said that an English fleet came to Zeeland, and united with Margaret's army. William also sent a fleet, and near Veere the battle was fought. Van Borselen died soon after.
In an old chronicle printed in 1517 the battle was described as follows:
They (Margaret) collected a choice army to fight against their own son. The queen of England also sent their sister a good army, carefully selected and experienced in the art of war. When both armies were ready to fight, the empress (i.e. Margaret) was in command of a large group of ships that had been made ready for combat. With many flags and trumpets this fleet arrived before the city of Veere on Walcheren.
From their side Duke (i.e. count) William collected many soldiers in Holland, and on ships, these arrived in Zeeland to fight their mother. When these two forces met, there was fierce fighting, and many casualties on both sides. Many were drowned. In the end, the empress won. Duke William managed to escape and arrived back in Holland. This happened in 1351.
A credible, but vague description is in the medieval parchment recovered by Van den Bergh. After joining forces at Reimerswaal, Margaret and Louis attempted to do battle with Wolfert van Borselen. Part of Wolfert's army then deserted him, and Wolfert retreated. While on their way, Wolfert met Count William, and both went to Middelburg. Wolfert then became ill and died, and William went back to Holland. Margaret and Louis went to Zierikzee, where they met Walter de Manny and the English.
The battle in Dutch Historiography
The above was the prevailing version of events in the Dutch Historiography about the Battle of Veere. About 250 years after the above chronicle, the historian Wagenaar told the same story. In about 1812 the historian Van Wijn performed some research about the battle. The reason was that some doubted whether the Battle of Veere had actually taken place. The primary reason was that some writers did not mention the battle of Veere, but did mention the later Battle of Zwartewaal. Johannes de Beke's almost contemporary Chronicle of the County of Holland and Bishopric of Utrecht is one of these.
Van Wijn solved some doubts about the battle by pointing to two documents by Margaret. One of 24 June 1315 and one of 29 June 1351, respectively referring to a battle 'at Arnemuiden', and 'between Arnemuiden and Veere'. Van Wijn then continued about whether it would have been a land battle or a sea battle. They found that Johan Reygersberg called it a sea battle, and others a land battle. Van Wijn choose to believe Reygersberg, because they were a local historian, who might have seen unknown sources. Reygersberg stated that the fight was between Veere and Arnemuiden, near the Vingerling of Der Veere.
In 1838 Laurens Philippe Charles van den Bergh started an investigation of the archives in Lille, France. This led to the discovery of the parchment written in Medieval French labeled No. XCVII. Verhaal van den oorsprong der Hoeksche en Kabeljauwsche twisten. It seems a contemporary account written by somebody who also knew to write Dutch and was close to Margaret. It might have been made for informing the English mediators.
The date of the battle
Van Wijn also investigated the date of the battle. They put it at between 26 and 30 May 1351.
Results
The same late June documents that refer to the battle also refer to some people from Domburg having to serve against Margaret's enemies in Middelburg. Blok states that the result of the battle was that Middelburg and the whole of Zeeland came under Margaret's authority.
The unknown author of Van den Bergh states that after the battle, Margaret and Louis went to Zierikzee. This seems strange, but without siege equipment they could do little against Middelburg. Afterwards they sent Walther de Manny, d'Enghien and Estievene Mauleon to Middelburg to summon the city to submit. However, these emissaries had to run for their lives, because the furious commoners only wanted to acknowledge Count William.
Margaret's victory at Veere therefore seems rather limited. However, they did prevent Count William from taking control of the whole of Walcheren, which would have seriously threatened their position at Zierikzee. They also gained some allies, notably the lords of Heenvliet on the south bank of the Meuse.
Meanwhile the battle did not prevent the fall of several castles in Holland to William. They even started and completed the Siege of Polanen Castle in June. The defeat probably did interrupt or stall the siege of Brederode Castle. William now had to focus on rebuilding a fleet and army, and was probably prevented from starting major sieges.
Margaret had gained a tactical victory. However, in essence they still had to act quickly if they wanted to save their remaining Hook allies in Holland. This led to their attempt at invasion by the Meuse, leading to their defeat in the Battle of Zwartewaal.
References
Notes
Hook and Cod wars
Battles in Zeeland
Veere 1351
Veere 1351
1351 in Europe
Cancerillidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Siphonostomatoida.
Genera:
Cancerilla Dalyell, 1851
Cancerillopsis Stephensen, 1933
Microcancerilla Norman & Brady, 1909
Ophiopsyllopsis Sebastian, 1968
Ophiopsyllus Stock, Humes & Gooding, 1963
Parartotrogus Scott & Scott, 1893
Parophiopsyllus Humes & Hendler, 1972
References
Copepods
Ro (Ferrarese: ) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Ferrara in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about northeast of Bologna and about northeast of Ferrara. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 3,663 and an area of .
The municipality of Ro contains the frazioni (subdivisions, mainly villages and hamlets) Alberone, Guarda, Ruina, and Zocca.
Ro borders the following municipalities: Berra, Canaro, Copparo, Crespino, Ferrara, Guarda Veneta, Polesella.
Demographic evolution
References
External links
www.comune.ro.fe.it/
Cities and towns in Emilia-Romagna
is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a forward or a winger for Shimizu S-Pulse.
Career statistics
Club
International
References
External links
Profile at Shimizu S-Pulse
1996 births
Living people
Association football people from Shizuoka Prefecture
Japanese footballers
Association football forwards
Japan international footballers
2019 AFC Asian Cup players
J.League U-22 Selection players
J1 League players
J2 League players
J3 League players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Shimizu S-Pulse players
SK Rapid Wien players
Japanese expatriate footballers
Japanese expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Thelma is a female given name.
Thelma may also refer to:
Arts and entertainment
Thelma (novel), an 1887 novel by Marie Corelli
Thelma (1910 film), an adaptation of Corelli's novel
Thelma (1918 film), an adaptation of Corelli's novel
Thelma (1922 film), an American silent film
Thelma (2011 film), a Filipino film
Thelma (2017 film), a Norwegian film directed by Joachim Trier
Thelma (opera), by Samuel Coleridge-Taylor
"Thelma", a song by John Lee Hooker
Thelma Records, Detroit, Michigan record label 1962-66
Species
Elachista thelma, a moth of family Elachistidae
Syrnola thelma, a sea snail of family Pyramidellidae
Trissodoris thelma, a moth of family Cosmopterigidae
Other uses
Tropical Storm Thelma (disambiguation), various storms, cyclones and typhoons
Thelma, Kentucky, United States, an unincorporated community
B K Thelma (born 1955), Indian biologist/geneticist
Robert Petre may refer to:
Bobby Petre (1912–1996), English National Hunt racing jockey, during the 1930s and 1940s
Robert Petre (footballer) (born 1997), Romanian footballer
Robert Petre, 3rd Baron Petre (1599–1638)
Robert Petre, 7th Baron Petre (1689–1713)
Robert Petre, 8th Baron Petre (1713–1742), horticulturist
Robert Petre, 9th Baron Petre (1742–1801)
Robert Petre, 10th Baron Petre (1763–1809)
Stephanie Sager (born March 18, 1984) is an American professional wrestler, better known by their ring names Sassy Stephie and Sassy Stephanie. They regularly perform for several independent promotions including Shimmer Women Athletes and Women Superstars Uncensored.
Professional wrestling career
Training and early career (2005–2008)
Stephanie began their career as a ring announcer for a local professional wrestling promotion in Ohio, starting when the regular announcer was unavailable in August 2005. As Stephanie worked as a D. J. at a bowling alley, they were given the opportunity to announce the show and began the regular announcer. They later began training at Jeff Cannon's school. They made their professional wrestling debut for Ohio Championship Wrestling (OCW) in March 2007, as part of the promotion's first annual Ladies Night, and returned for Ladies Night Out 2 in March 2008.
Shimmer Women Athletes (2008–present)
Stephie debuted in Shimmer Women Athletes on October 19, 2008, losing to Rachel Summerlyn on Sparkle (Shimmer's pre-show). In May 2009 they returned to Sparkle, teaming with Kimberly Kash to lose to Summerlyn and Rayna Von Tash, before losing to Kash in a singles match. They earned their first victory in November, teaming with Kacey Diamond to defeat Kash and Leva. They and Diamond faced Nevaeh and Ashley Lane at the Volume 28 taping, but lost. They returned to Shimmer at the next tapings on April 10 and 11, 2010, losing to Madison Eagles and Jessie McKay. After a year-long absence, they returned to Shimmer on March 27, 2011, losing to LuFisto. At the October 1, 2011, tapings, Stephie formed a new partnership with the villainous Nevaeh. The duo defeated Nikki Roxx and Ariel on October 1, but lost to Regeneration X (Allison Danger and Leva Bates) the following night. They defeated Ashley Lane and Mia Yim at Volume 44. In March 2012, Stephie was back in singles action, losing to Courtney Rush and Athena, and lost to Hiroyo Matsumoto in October at Volume 49. They defeated Su Yung at the taping of Volume 50, before losing to Kalamity at Volume 52.
Stephie then re-joined forces with Nevaeh, alongside Mademoiselle Rachelle, and performed in tag team matches throughout 2013 and 2014. On October 20, 2013, at Volume 60, Stephie and Nevaeh unsuccessfully challenged 3G (Kellie Skater and Tomoka Nakagawa) for the Shimmer Tag Team Championship. They also competed in singles matches, accompanied by Rachelle as a manager, losing to Thunderkitty and Santana.
Women Superstars Uncensored (2009–2015)
Stephanie debuted for Women Superstars Uncensored (WSU) on October 3, 2009, in a loss to Amber O'Neal. After further losses to Cindy Rogers and Angelina Love, they unsuccessfully challenged and Brittney Savage for the WSU Spirit Championship on November 6, 2010. They earned their first victory in WSU at the following show, when they defeated Brittnay Force. Following a tag team match where Stephanie and Savage were on opposite sides, Stephanie defeated Savage to win the WSU Spirit Championship on March 5, 2011, after an assist from Ivory. They competed in the 2011 J-Cup Tournament, defeating Jennifer Cruz and Jamilia Craft to reach the final, where they lost to Savage. They also competed in the WSU/NWS Queen and King of the Ring tournament, but they and J.D. Smooth were eliminated in the first round. Over the next few months, they successfully defended the Spirit Championship against Rain and O'Neal. On August 6, Stephanie joined forces with Allysin Kay and Jessicka Havok, to form The Midwest Militia. They lost the Spirit Championship to Rain on September 24. Stephie competed in tag team members with other members of The Midwest Militia over the next few months, including winning a War Games match against Team WSU (Mercedes Martinez, Alicia, and Brittney Savage) at the Breaking Barriers II internet pay-per-view in November. On March 3, 2012, Stephie and Kay won the WSU Tag Team Championship by defeating the Soul Sisters (Jana and Latasha). They successfully defended the championship against the teams of Alicia and Brittney Savage and the Soul Sisters in April.
As part of a talent exchange, The Midwest Militia began competing for the Canadian promotion NCW Femmes Fatales (NCWFF) in 2012. At NCWFF's ninth show in July 2012, the Midwest Militia defeated Courtney Rush, Xandra Bale, and Cat Power in a six-woman tag team match. At WSU's Queen and King Tournament pay-per-view, Stephie and Kay retained the championship against Marti Belle and Lexxus. On February 8, 2014, Stephie and Kay lost the WSU Tag Team Championship to Kimber Lee and Annie Social, when Havok, who was substituting for Kay, attacked Stephie during the match. In May, Stephie joined forces with D. J. Hyde to enter the King and Queen of the King tournament, but were eliminated in the first round by Shanna and Chris Dickinson. In November, Stephie announced they had become part of WSU management, and introduced an assistant, Amanda Rodriguez. The pair, along with Mademoiselle Rachelle, later attacked WSU Champion LuFisto.
Other independents (2007–present)
Stephie has competed for many other independents, mainly in the Midwest. In 2007, they debuted for Ladysports in Tennessee. In 2008 and 2009, they worked a couple of shows for Ring of Honor, including a Ring of Honor Wrestling television taping on March 1, 2009. They have competed for Chikara in Philadelphia, and made their international debut in 2010, working for several promotions in the United Kingdom. Stephie competed on the first ever Jersey All Pro Wrestling Women's Division show in January 2009, where they lost to Roxie Cotton. They returned in November 2009 with a victory over Fate, and defeated Allison Danger at the next show in January 2010.
Stephie competes for Absolute Intense Wrestling, and has appeared on several of the Girls Night Out events. They have also appeared for the Queens of Combat promotion.
Upon debuting for Shine Wrestling in 2013, Stephie quickly formed an alliance with Jessie Belle Smothers, called Southern n' Sass. They feuded with The American Sweethearts (Santana and Amber O'Neal, and defeated them at Shine 15 to force the team to disband. The duo entered a tournament to determine the inaugural Shine Tag Team Champions; they defeated Mseerie (Christina Von Eerie and MsChif) to advance to the semi-finals, but lost to The Lucha Sisters (Leva Bates and Mia Yim). In March 2014, Stephie and Smothers were part of a four-way tag team match to determine the number one contenders to the Shine Tag Team Championship; the match was won by Legendary (Brandi Wine and Malia Hosaka).
Other media
Podcasting
On September 24, 2020, Stephie began hosting their own podcast named Talkin' Sass, with Nevaeh being their first guest.
Personal life
Stephie previously worked for UPS. They attended the Ohio Center for Broadcasting. They were part of the Fireball Run television series.
Championships and accomplishments
New Era Pro Wrestling
NEPW Women's Championship (1 time)
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Ranked No. 36 of the best 50 female singles wrestlers in the PWI Female 50 in 2013
Pro Wrestling Rampage
PWR Women's Championship (1 time)
PWR Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Angel Dust
Remix Pro Wrestling
Remix Pro Fury Championship (2 times)
Women Superstars Uncensored
WSU Spirit Championship (1 time)
WSU Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Allysin Kay
Wrestling All Star Promotions
WASP Women's Championship (1 time)
Notes
References
External links
Glory Wrestling profile
Online World of Wrestling profile
1984 births
American female professional wrestlers
Living people
Sportspeople from Akron, Ohio
Professional wrestling announcers
21st-century American women
21st-century professional wrestlers
Zhaozhou () is a town in and the seat of Zhaozhou County in southwestern Heilongjiang province, China. , it has 11 residential communities () and 7 villages under its administration. It is serviced by China National Highway 203.
References
Township-level divisions of Heilongjiang
Simon Mahon (4 April 1914 – 19 October 1986) was a British Labour Party politician.
Biography
Simon Mahon was born into a prominent Roman Catholic family of Irish descent in Bootle. Their father, Alderman Simon Mahon (1886–1961), was a mayor of Bootle who ran for Liverpool Exchange MP in 1935.<ref>"Bootle loses a great worker by the death of Alderman Simon Mahon",
'Bootle Times, 12 May 1961.</ref> Their brother, Peter, was elected MP for Preston South in 1964. Their great-nephew, Peter Dowd, has been the Labour MP for the Bootle constituency since 2015, and served in the Shadow Cabinet under Jeremy Corbyn until 2020.
Mahon was educated at St Joseph's Irish Christian Brothers school and at St James' School, Bootle. They became a general contractor. Mahon was a councillor and later an alderman of Bootle Borough Council and was chairperson of the housing committee and Mayor of Bootle from 1962 to 1963. They were chairperson of Bootle Trades Council and Labour Party. Mahon was Member of Parliament for Bootle from 1955 to 1979. They served as an opposition whip from 1959 to 1961.
In 1968, Mahon and their brother, Peter, together with another Catholic Labour MP, Walter Alldritt, threatened to resign the Whip. They had taken exception to remarks made by Douglas Houghton, Chairman of the Parliamentary Labour Party, that large families were a form of "social irresponsibility". Only a midnight meeting with Prime Minister Harold Wilson and a written statement that Houghton's views were not party policy dissuaded the MPs from carrying out their threat.
In 1969, Mahon was created a Papal Knight. Upon returning from their investiture Mass to the House of Commons, they were prevented from entering the Chamber by the Sergeant at Arms until they divested themselves of their ceremonial sword. In 1978, Mahon wrote a letter of protest to Ladbrokes, complaining of their "appalling taste" in opening a book on the successor to Pope Paul VI.
Personal life
Mahon married Veronica Robertshaw in 1941; the couple had no children. After their retirement, Mahon moved to live in Crosby, where they died in 1986, aged 72.
References
SourcesTimes Guide to the House of Commons October 1974''
External links
1914 births
1986 deaths
Councillors in Merseyside
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1955–1959
UK MPs 1959–1964
UK MPs 1964–1966
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
Politicians from Liverpool
English people of Irish descent
English Roman Catholics
Khabez () is a rural locality (an aul) and the administrative center of Khabezsky District of the Karachay-Cherkess Republic, Russia. Population:
Demographics
Population:
In 2002, the ethnic composition of the population was as follows:
Cherkess (93.0%)
Abazins (4.1%)
Russians (1.2%)
all other ethnicities comprising less than 1% of population each.
References
Rural localities in Karachay-Cherkessia
Hume Tumse Pyaar Kitna () is a 2019 Indian Hindi-language romantic thriller film produced by Mahendra Bohra and Belvie Productions. The film is financed by Jitendra Gulati and directed by Lalit Mohan; it stars Karanvir Bohra, Priya Banerjee and Sameer Kochar; and follows the limerence of Dhruv (played by Bohra) resulting from an obsessive attraction to Ananya (played by Banerjee). The film was theatrically released in India on 5 July 2019.
Cast
Karanvir Bohra as Dhruv
Priya Banerjee as Ananya Tripathi
Sameer Kochar as Ranvir Dhillion
Mahesh Balraj
Bhavin Bhanushali
Nikita Nagpal
Aryaveer Mehar
Mudassir Hussain
Scarlett Wilson as an item number "Manmohini"
Production
The shooting of the film was wrapped up in April 2018 with last song shot in Mumbai.
Marketing and release
The first look poster of Karanvir Bohra from the film was unveiled on 24 May 2019.
The film was released on 5 July 2019.
Soundtrack
The film has an eponymous song from 1981 film Kudrat "Hume Tumse Pyaar Kitna", which has been recreated by Raaj Aashoo with additional lyrics by Shabbir Ahmed and sung by Shreya Ghoshal. The original was sung twice; one by Parveen Sultana and another by Kishore Kumar on composition of R. D. Burman and lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri under label of Saregama. Other music composers are Jeet Gannguli, Tony Kakkar, Shabbir Ahmed, DJ EMENES (MIB), Shaarib-Toshi, Background score by Amar Mohile.
Reception
Pooja Raisinghani of The Times of India praised the music, describing the film as a "few decades too late". They described Banerjee's performance as bland, but felt Bohra played their part well. Concluding they wrote, "Apart from a few thrills, the film gives you nothing to obsess over." News18 felt that the story failed to bring up the reason for protagonist's obsessive behaviour. Opining that the film needed a psychological density that could have heightened the plot's crisis line, it concluded, "This one is for fans of Karanvir Bohra who have waited to see them make a smooth transition from television to cinema. Their transition is smooth in spite of the choppy waters that the plot negotiates."
References
External links
2010s Hindi-language films
Films set in Mumbai
Films shot in Mumbai
Indian romantic thriller films
2010s romantic thriller films
Films scored by Jeet Ganguly
Films scored by Sharib-Toshi
Films scored by Raaj Aashoo
Films scored by Tony Kakkar
T-Series (company) films
Heuglin's masked weaver (Ploceus heuglini) is a species of bird in the weaver family, Ploceidae.
It is found in Senegal, Gambia and Mali to the Ivory Coast and east to Uganda and western Kenya.
References
External links
Heuglin's masked weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
Heuglin's masked weaver
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Birds of West Africa
Heuglin's masked weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Padrinàs is a locality located in the municipality of La Vansa i Fórnols, in Province of Lleida province, Catalonia, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 7.
Geography
Padrinàs is located 167km northeast of Lleida.
References
Populated places in the Province of Lleida
Natural Justice: Lawyers for Communities and the Environment is a non-profit organisation based in Cape Town, South Africa, with additional offices in Nairobi, Kenya, and Dakar, Senegal. It takes its name from the legal principle of natural justice and it works at the local level to legally empower communities to pursue social and environmental justice. It also works at the national and international levels to promote the full and effective implementation of environmental laws and policies such as the Convention on Biological Diversity.
Natural Justice was founded by Harry Jonas and Sanjay Kabir Bavikatte in 2007. Natural Justice has been developing a process and tool known as community protocols in order to enable communities to understand the laws and policies that affect them, particularly those developed by government and industry without consultation. Protocols help communities illustrate their biological, cultural and spiritual resources, norms and values and assert their existing rights under local customary, domestic and international laws. Such protocols have been developed with several indigenous and local communities in Africa and Asia in order to ensure the continued practise of their customary ways of life that contribute to the conservation and sustainable use of biodiversity, in line with the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity.
Community protocols are gaining recognition in international negotiations on access and benefit-sharing of genetic resources and reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation (REDD), endogenous development practice, and traditional health care.
See also
South African environmental law
References
External links
Community protocols website
Non-profit organisations based in South Africa
Environmental organisations based in South Africa
Environmental law in South Africa
Environmental justice organizations
Biodiversity
International environmental organizations
Lǐ Guī (李傀) (750 - November 2, 783) was a Tang dynasty prince and the twelfth son of Tang Daizong, born to consort Cui.
They became Prince of Zhào in 757.
In 760, they were given the honorary office of Bīnníng Jiédùshǐ (邠寧節度使) in modern Bin County, Shaanxi Province.
In 781, their name was changed to Lǐ Suì (李遂), and in 782, changed again to Lǐ Sù (李遡).
In 783, Li Su was killed along with uncle Li Jing (李僅) at Chang'an during the Jingyuan Mutiny.
Tang dynasty people
750 births
783 deaths
VND commonly refers to Vietnamese đồng, the currency of Vietnam.
VND may also refer to:
Variable neighborhood descent, an extension of Variable Neighborhood Search
Vendor tree prefix (vnd.), an internet media type definition
Ventral nervous system defective (vnd), a gene in Drosophila fruit flies
Virulent Newcastle disease
See also
UND (disambiguation)
Overview
The 150th General Assembly of the U.S. state of Georgia convened its first session on January 12, 2009, at the Georgia State Capitol in Atlanta, Georgia. The 150th Georgia General Assembly succeeded the 149th and will serve as the precedent for the 151st General Assembly in 2011.
The 150th General Assembly adjourned its first session on April 3, 2009. The second session of the 150th General Assembly convened January 11, 2010.
Officers
Senate
Presiding officer
Majority leadership
Minority leadership
House of Representatives
Presiding officer
Glenn Richardson (R) served as Speaker of the House from January 2009 through Jan. 1, 2010. Mark Burkhalter (R) served as Speaker pro tempore during the same period, and was acting Speaker when the House reconvened on Jan. 11, 2010, at which time the House elected David Ralston and Jan Jones.
Majority leadership
Minority leadership
Members of the state senate
Changes in membership from previous term
While no seat changed party control from the previous session, the beginning of the 150th Georgia General Assembly still saw five new state senators. Two of these new senators defeated the incumbent in the runoff for their parties' primaries. Two replaced incumbents who had run for other office. Another replaced a senator who had retired.
Changes in membership during current term
There have been three vacancies in the State Senate as of December 25, 2009. All three have been due to resignations. Two have since been filled, both by members of the same party as the former incumbent. Another vacancy is expected at some point during the term.
Announced retirements
As of December 25, 2009, six state senators have announced that they will not be running for re-election in 2010. One senator, Dan Moody (56th) is retiring. The other five are seeking higher office.
Jeff Chapman (3rd) is running for governor. Following State Insurance and Fire Commissioner John Oxendine's decision to run for governor, Seth Harp (29th) and Ralph Hudgens (47th) announced that they will seek the Republican nomination for the office. Lee Hawkins (49th) announced that they will run for the Congressional seat to be left open by incumbent Nathan Deal's campaign for governor. Finally, Gail Buckner is running for state secretary of state, a position they also ran for in 2006.
Members of the House of Representatives
Major issues
Severe budget cuts due to the 2009 recession.
Circumvention of the Georgia Public Service Commission, by allowing Georgia Power to charge power company customers (which includes most Georgians) for two new nuclear reactors at Plant Vogtle years before they are built. The bill exempts businesses, putting the entire burden on residential customers. This passed in both chambers and was signed by the governor, but has been challenged in court as having raised revenue without being originated in the lower house.
Proposed cuts in aid to counties, which reduce property taxes they must charge their residents. These were not cut, meaning that the state, rather than the counties, will have to cut over 400 million dollars from the fiscal 2010 (July 2009 to June 2010) budget.
The massive food recall caused by the Peanut Corporation of America in Blakely, Georgia, and the role that the Georgia Department of Agriculture and lax state laws may have played in allowing it to happen. Food-processing companies will now be required to notify the state within 24 hours of any test results indicating contamination, among other changes.
A bill to move MARTA oversight from MARTOC to GRTA, which did not pass.
A bill to permanently remove the mandatory 50/50 split on capital expenditures, so that MARTA can postpone these and maintain service (operational expenditures) during periods of low sales tax revenue. The failure of the legislature to pass this means crippling cuts in MARTA service because it cannot access its reserve account, and the MARTA board has requested a special session to correct the situation. The Atlanta Regional Commission has suggested giving MARTA enough money from the U.S. stimulus act to get it to the 2010 legislative session with minimal cutbacks to the already-limited public transit system.
Reinstatement of the sales tax on groceries, allegedly to target illegal immigrants. This failed.
Elimination of sales taxes and annual ad valorem taxes on new cars, to be replaced by a car title transfer tax of 7%, including transfers between family members, and possibly to or from charities. This would also take a significant amount of money (the 2-4% local portion of the sales tax) away from local government. The 2000-dollar cap on the tax also would make it a regressive tax. This did not pass.
Banning of all stem-cell research, passed by the Senate.
Gutting most of the Georgia Department of Transportation, merging all of its planning authority into a new State Transportation Authority along with the Georgia Regional Transportation Authority and the State Road and Tollway Authority. This failed, an instead other changes were made to put more power in the hands of state politicians.
Changing state law in order to accept money for the state unemployment insurance fund from the federal American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (the U.S. "stimulus act"). This became law, but no help will get to the unemployed until May 25.
Requiring pickup truck and other truck drivers to wear their seat belts like other motorists have been for years. This failed again as in years past.
Addition of a 200-dollar fine for excessive speeding, over on expressways and over on smaller roads. The money will go to trauma care in the state's hospitals.
References
External links
Georgia General Assembly website
2009-2010 Representatives by Name, District
2009-2010 Senators by Name, District
Georgia (U.S. state) legislative sessions
2009 in American politics
2010 in American politics
2009 in Georgia (U.S. state)
2010 in Georgia (U.S. state)
Bosea yervamora Is a shrub up to 3 m with greenish slender branches. Leaves up to 7 cm long, ovate, lanceolate, alternate, short stalked, without hair. Flowers short terminal, arising from the axil of the leaf, indefinite inflorescences, greenish with two membranous, dry modified leaves at the base of the stem. Fruits greenish black turning pink when ripe, about the size of a small pea.
Distribution
In Tenerife it is locally common particularly along the north coast, Barranco Honda Santa Ursula, La Rambla, and Los Silos. In Gran Canaria it is found in the northern part of the island, Tafira, Moya, Agaete, Bandama etc. In La Palma it is distributed in the west coast region, Tazacorte and Santa Cruz. In La Gomera in Barranco dela Villa and Agulo, Vallehermoso, on dry slopes in the lower zone.
Gallery
References
External links
https://powo.science.kew.org/taxon/urn:lsid:ipni.org:names:59770-1
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/tax.12512
https://www.gbif.org/occurrence/gallery?taxon_key=5548250
https://www.floracanaria.com/especies/amaranthaceae/Bosea_yervamora.html
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/279384062_On_some_constituents_of_Bosea_yervamora_fruits
Amaranthaceae
Endemic flora of the Canary Islands
Flora of the Canary Islands
Endemic flora of Macaronesia
Careviḱ () is a village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 10 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 10
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
USA-49, also known as GPS II-5 and GPS SVN-17, was an American navigation satellite which formed part of the Global Positioning System. It was the fifth of nine Block II GPS satellites to be launched, which were the first operational GPS satellites to fly.
Background
It was part of the 21-satellite Global Positioning System (GPS) Block II series that provides precise position data (accurate to within 16 m) to military and civilian users worldwide. Its signals could be received on devices as small as a telephone. The GPS II satellites, built by Rockwell International for the Air Force Space Systems Division, each have a 7.5-year design life. The Air Force intends to launch a GPS II every 2 to 3 months until the constellation of 21 operational satellites and 3 spares is aloft. The GPS Block II join 7 operational Block 1 satellites.
Launch
USA-49 was launched at 18:10:01 UTC on 11 December 1989, atop a Delta II launch vehicle, flight number D190, flying in the 6925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Launch Complex 17B (LC-17B) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS), and placed USA-49 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor.
Mission
On 11 January 1990, USA-49 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 718.0 minutes, and 54.9° of inclination to the equator. It operated in slot 3 of plane D of the GPS constellation. The satellite had a mass of , and generated 710 watts of power. It had a design life of 7.5 years, and ceased operations on 23 February 2005.
References
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1989
Park Kyung-soo (born January 25, 1969) is a South Korean television screenwriter. Park is known for their works on SBS television series, The Chaser (2012), Empire of Gold (2013) and Punch (2014–2015).
Filmography
KAIST Kaist (SBS, 1999–2000)
Special of My Life (MBC, 2006)
The Legend (MBC, 2007)
The Chaser (SBS, 2012)
Empire of Gold (SBS, 2013)
Punch (SBS, 2014–2015)
Whisper (SBS, 2017)
Awards
2013 49th Baeksang Arts Awards: Best Screenplay (TV) (The Chaser)
2013 40th Korea Broadcasting Awards: Best Screenwriter (The Chaser)
2015 51st Baeksang Arts Awards: Best Screenplay (TV) (Punch)
2015 4th APAN Star Awards: Best Writer (Punch)
2015 4th CARI K Drama Awards: Best Screenplay (Punch)
References
External links
Park Kyung-soo at Pan Entertainment
1969 births
Living people
South Korean screenwriters
South Korean television writers
Penguins are vulnerable to exposure to oil spills due to their site fidelity, aquatic lifestyle and near-surface foraging habits. Across their range, penguins have been impacted by chronic and acute oil pollution at sea. The following list includes examples of events where impacts to penguins were documented. It is not exhaustive.
References
Oil spills
Penguins
Environmental disasters
Alfonso Cortés (9 December 1893 – 3 February 1969) was a Nicaraguan poet.  They are often referred to as the most important poet after Rubén Darío (poet who initiated the Spanish-American literary movement known as modernismo (modernism)). Before their death, they often said they were "less important than Darío, but more profound".
Early life
Cortés was born in the colonial city of León, Nicaragua. At the age of 34, they moved into the house in which the famous and most celebrated Nicaraguan poet, Rubén Darío, spent their childhood. Cortés lost their mind, (due to a lack of clinical studies this is how they are being diagnosed) on midnight of 18 February 1927 at the age of 34. As a result of their delirium, Cortés spent much of that year chained to the iron grillwork of their bedroom because of fear they could possibly hurt himself. A few years of Cortés life were spent in a mental hospital in Managua. As time passed Cortés was transferred to their sisters' (Margarita, Maria Luisa and Maria Elsa) house in León where they eventually spent their last days and died in 1969 at the age of 75.
Cortés did not have any children of their own, however their youngest sister, Maria Elsa Cortés, married a well respected lawyer Alvaro Emilio Borge and together they have 4 children; Alvaro Emilio, Leon Alfonso, Livia and Ivette Maria. They in turn had several children, all whom still remember the stories of their great uncle, for whom they have great admiration and respect.
Cortés had their moments of lucidity during which their family would unchain them and they would use that time to play guitar. The guitar is now owned by a great nephew and is treasured and preserved. Cortés would write their poetry, often written in the margins of newspapers, in a script so microscopic that they are hard to read without a magnifying glass. Song of Space was the first poem Cortés wrote after they went mad and it remains one of their most popular.
After their death they were buried with honors in the Cathedral of León next to the tomb of Rubén Darío.
Literary works
Poems
La odisea del Istmo (1922)
Poesías (1931)
Tardes de oro (1934)
Poemas eleusinos (1935)
Las siete antorchas del sol (1952)
30 poemas de Alfonso (1952)
Las rimas universales (1964)
Las coplas del pueblo (1965)
Las pumas del pasatiempo (1967)
El poema cotidiano (1967)
Treinta poemas (1968)
Poemas (1971)
Antología (1980)
30 poemas de Alfonso (1981)
El tiempo es hambre y el espacio es frío (1981).
References
External links
Alfonso Cortés at nicaragua.com (in English)
Alfonso Cortés at the Archive León Museum (in Spanish)
1893 births
1969 deaths
20th-century Nicaraguan poets
Nicaraguan male poets
20th-century male writers
Paul Moyer (born June 13, 1941) is an American journalist. They co-anchored the 5 PM and 11 PM weekday editions of KNBC-TV's Channel 4 News with Colleen Williams for a decade after earlier co-anchoring with Kelly Lange. Moyer has worked primarily in the two major television markets—New York and Los Angeles—in addition to briefly working on network newscasts. Moyer was Los Angeles' longest-running news anchor following the death of KTLA anchor Hal Fishman on August 7, 2007.  They are married and has four children, Elise, Paul, Dylan and Kyle.
On April 1, 2009, KNBC's Colleen Williams announced, during the evening newscast, that Moyer had decided to retire after 25 years at the station. Moyer's salary was estimated at more than $3 million a year of their time of retirement. In 1980 they were earning $250,000, and by 1993 it was cut to $1 million per annum. In 2011 they sold the family home worth $9.5 million to buy a more modest retirement home in Los Angeles.
Early career
A native of Los Angeles, Moyer attended Torrance High School and the University of Arizona (class of 1964), and tried out for the Pittsburgh Pirates before beginning a broadcasting career. They served positions at KTIV in Sioux City, Iowa; WMBD radio and WMBD-TV in Peoria, Illinois; KTVI in St. Louis; KDKA radio and KDKA-TV and in Pittsburgh; and then WCBS-TV in New York City.
Moyer was hired by NBC News in March 1972 and returned to Los Angeles, joining KNBC as reporter and weekend anchor. The KNBC Newservice, as it was known then, featured Jess Marlow, Tom Snyder, Bob Abernethy, and Tom Brokaw as the main nightly anchors and was the first serious competition in the local news ratings against KNXT's The Big News/Eleven O'Clock Report with Jerry Dunphy. Moyer soon moved to weeknights, first taking over the 11:00 p.m. newscast in July 1973 after Brokaw became NBC News' chief White House correspondent. More than a year, in November 1974 Moyer became sole anchor of KNBC's 6:00 p.m. program with Snyder's reassignment to New York; John Schubeck would replace Moyer on the 11:00 newscast. Aside from anchoring and reporting, Moyer also co-hosted KNBC's weekend features program Sunday, working alongside longtime KNBC personality Kelly Lange, who was a weathercaster with the station before being elevated to co-anchor on evenings with Moyer in 1976, when KNBC reformatted its news programs under the NewsCenter 4 banner.
However, after the station relieved them of their anchor duties, they moved over to rival KABC-TV in 1979 initially as a "special correspondent" for Eyewitness News. Soon, however, when the weekday operation expanded to three hours in the early evening in September 1980, Moyer was named co-anchor of the 5 p.m. hour with Ann Martin. They soon replaced Dunphy (who had moved to KABC in 1975) on the 11 p.m. news after the latter was shot during a robbery attempt near the studio in 1983; the appointment would become permanent a year later. Moyer also co-anchored Eyewitness News with Tawny Little and Terry Murphy.
Career
Moyer was a visible face on the ABC network in the mid-1980s, appearing as a correspondent on Eye on Hollywood and substituting on World News This Morning and Good Morning America. But in 1992, after a highly publicized bidding war, Moyer returned to KNBC in July 1992 (on what was then the Channel 4 News) to co-anchor with longtime San Francisco anchor-journalist Wendy Tokuda. However, when ratings failed to surpass KABC's, Moyer was once again paired with Lange on the 11:00 p.m. news from 1993 to 1997 and with Colleen Williams on the 5:00 p.m. and, in 1997, the 11:00 p.m. news; both Moyer and Lange received seven-figure salaries. According to a June 2007 article in Los Angeles Magazine, Moyer's salary was rumored to be closer to $8 million.
Moyer appeared as themselves on the TV show The West Wing while doing an election-night stint for MSNBC. Their nephew, Micah Ohlman, had anchored the weekend newscasts at rival KABC and is now anchoring at KTLA. They were at one time designated the honorary mayor of West Los Angeles.
Moyer is known as an avid car collector, particularly interested in Ferrari cars, Ford GTs, and other sports cars. They won the Toyota Pro/Celebrity Race in 1988.
On April 30, 1992, they toured Los Angeles in a helicopter to observe damage from the Los Angeles riots.
In April 2009, Moyer announced that they would be retiring from KNBC where they had been a fixture for over 30 years.
In popular culture
The morning duo Kevin and Bean on KROQ-FM made fun of Moyer on a regular basis for their presentation style and alleged behind-the-scenes temper. An audio tape from the early 1990s features Moyer verbally berating Ann Martin when they anchored together just seconds before the newscast began over an argument of who was going to read the first segment. The audio tape references Moyer bad-mouthing rival anchor Harold Greene while accusing Martin of drinking before the newscast. Moyer suggests the two should take up their issues with Roger Bell, KABC-TV's News Director.
In 1994, Moyer had a short-lived stint as Bill Cosby's replacement as the face of Jell-O pudding snacks.
In May 2006, Moyer led an investigation on the rapidly increasing Chemtrail/Weather modification problem in Southern California. Their four-minute report Toxic Sky, produced for KNBC in Los Angeles, went viral on the Internet almost as soon as it was posted to their official website NBC4.TV (now nbclosangeles.com).
Filmography
Heat (1995) – self
Boomtown (2002) – self
One Six Right (2005) – self
References
External links
1941 births
Living people
American reporters and correspondents
American television journalists
KDKA people
Television anchors from Los Angeles
Television anchors from New York City
University of Arizona alumni
American male journalists
The Tired Sun is debut EP by New Zealand band Able Tasmans, released on Flying Nun Records in 1985.
Track listing
Side A
Patrick's Mother
Rain In Tulsa
Tom Song
Side B
Snow White Chook
Nelson The Cat
Rhyme For Orange
References
Able Tasmans albums
1987 EPs
Flying Nun Records EPs
Range Safety and Telemetry System (RSTS) is a GPS based, S-band telemetry receiving and UHF command destruct system, with two 5.4-meter telemetry and command destruct auto-tracking antennas. The system, built by Honeywell International, is capable of providing four redundant telemetry links and expanding for added telemetry link receiving.
The prime purpose of the RSTS is to provide the range safety and telemetry functions necessary to track and verify a safe rocket flight within prescribed boundaries or safely terminate an errant rocket.
One of the, operationally identical, RSTS systems is located at the Kodiak Launch Center (KLC) in Alaska with the second mobile
unit at varying mission specific sites, such as off-axis locations. Either system can act in conjunction with each other or as a stand-alone unit.
The RSTS is similar in design to the Ballistic Missile Range Safety Technology (BMRST) operated at Cape Canaveral Space Force Station, Florida.
External links
RSTS Operating at KLC
KLC Users Manual (11.7MB PDF)
Honeywell Range Safety
Telemetry
Dinahs Corner is an unincorporated community in Kent County, Delaware, United States. Dinahs Corner is located at the intersection of Pearsons Corner Road and Dinahs Corner Road, northwest of Dover.
References
Unincorporated communities in Kent County, Delaware
Unincorporated communities in Delaware
Lee Newman (born 1 May 1973) is a Welsh male athlete who competes in the shot put and discus events. They have personal best distances of 18.85 metres and 60.48 metres respectively in these events. Newman was National Record Holder in the Discus for more than a decade.
Newman coached their then wife, Shelley Newman (née Drew) to the Olympic Games in Discus in 2004.
After retiring from sports, Newman built a successful career in Private Equity running multi-national companies.
Athletics career
Newman competed in the discus event at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia finishing 7th and competed in both the discus and shot put events at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester, England finishing 8th and 11th respectively.
They have won three bronze medals at British championships, two in the shot put in 1994 and 1999 and one in the discus in 1999.
References
1973 births
Living people
British male discus throwers
British male shot putters
Athletes (track and field) at the 1998 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Wales
The 53rd season of the Irish television programme, The Late Late Show, the world's longest-running chat show, began on 5 September 2014 and is expected to conclude in May 2015. Ryan Tubridy's sixth season as host, it airs on RTÉ One each Friday evening from 21:30.
Local guests this season included Bosco, Bono and The Edge, Tánaiste Joan Burton, Alan Shatter (months after their resignation as minister for justice), Des O'Malley, Francis Brennan, Liz O'Donnell, Micheál Martin and Dustin the Turkey. A panel debate on Irish Water in October was followed by an interview with Anti-Austerity Alliance TD Paul Murphy in February, after which Tubridy's style of questioning came in for much criticism. A trio of Gleesons (Brendan, Domhnall and Brian) were interviewed on the same night in December.
International guests interviewed this season included Eva Longoria, Alan Rickman, Dominic West, Ryan O'Neal, Russell Crowe and Richard E. Grant (the latter alongside Gabriel Byrne). English actors Michael Palin and John Cleese, both of the comedy troupe Monty Python, were interviewed over consecutive episodes in December.
The season closed with a dance special and a tribute by Giles, Brady and Dunphy to Bill O'Herlihy after their death earlier that week.
Sponsorship
Sky Broadband sponsored the show for a second year.
Declining audience ratings
Audience ratings declined considerably (at one point even The Saturday Night Show attracted more viewers).
Sinéad O'Connor
The singer used their appearance this season (21 November edition) to call for non-violent revolution. They did so from Tubridy's chair, having convinced them to swap places with them
Paul Murphy interview
On 20 February 2015, Tubridy interviewed Anti-Austerity Alliance TD Paul Murphy in relation to the campaign against the implementation of a water tax. The interview proved frustrating, with many expressing annoyance at the tone and some of the questions asked. Opponents of the water tax praised Murphy on social media for what was said to have been their restraint during the interview. Much commentary was critical of Tubridy. Murphy themselves described their encounter with Tubridy as "an exercise in badgering and trying to make me responsible for things that are nothing to do with me", a reference to Tubridy's attempts to link them to a protests against President Michael D. Higgins which they said they had nothing to do with. Julien Mercille, the academic and writer of The Political Economy and Media Coverage of the European Economic Crisis: The Case of Ireland, observed that "Tubridy was pretty good from the standpoint of protecting government interests. [...] They asked all the right questions to try to discredit the water charges protests and Paul Murphy".
http://www.independent.ie/entertainment/television/ryan-oneal-interview-shocks-crowe-and-late-late-viewers-31085447.html
Special editions
The Late Late Toy Show took place on 28 November.
A Valentine's Day edition aired on 13 February 2015 attracted an extraordinary number of complaints. One of the show's guests, Ronan O'Gara, even talked about "getting up on Jessica"; Tubridy covered their mouth in shock upon hearing this vulgarity. O'Gara later admitted they had drunk two coffees and nothing else before the interview.
Eurosong took place on 27 February 2015.
The final episode of the season was a charity dancing special. It did, however, manage to work in a tribute by Giles, Brady and Dunphy to Bill O'Herlihy after their death earlier that week (others like George Hamilton and Après Matchs Risteárd Cooper were spoken to as members of the audience).
Episode list
References
External links
Official website
2014 Irish television seasons
2015 Irish television seasons
The Late Late Show (Irish talk show) seasons
Khadija Aamir Yar Malik is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from September 2010 to 2013.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-184 (Bahawalpur-II) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in by-polls held in September 2010. They received 74,754 votes and defeated Najibuddin Awaisi.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-184 (Bahawalpur-II) as a candidate of PPP in 2013 Pakistani general election, but was unsuccessful. They received 64,175 votes and lost the seat to Najibuddin Awaisi.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-173 (Bahawalpur-IV) as a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) in 2018 Pakistani general election, but was unsuccessful. They received 60,211 votes and lost the seat to PML-N candidate Najibuddin Awaisi.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Women members of the National Assembly of Pakistan
Pakistan People's Party MNAs
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Pakistani women politicians
Art Smith is an American retired ice hockey defenseman who was an All-American for Clarkson during its undefeated season in 1955–56.
Career
Smith began attending Clarkson College of Technology in the fall of 1952 and, because the team did not yet support a first-year student team, they joined the varsity squad straight away. Over the course of their college career, Smith never contributed much to the offense but they were a key player on the defensive side of the puck. In their first two seasons the team finished with decent records, but as a junior Smith saw the Golden Knights set a program record with 18 wins in 22 games. Unfortunately, St. Lawrence had won the Tri-State League that season so Clarkson did not receive a bid to the 1955 NCAA Tournament.
In their senior season Smith helped Clarkson produce what is recognized as the first undefeated season in NCAA history. Clarkson finished the year with a 23–0 record and was named as an AHCA Second Team All-American. With their unblemished record the team was offered a bid to the NCAA Tournament but there was a rather sizable condition; because the NCAA limited athletes to just three years of varsity play, the eight 4-year players on the team (including Smith) would not be able to participate in the tournament. Head coach Bill Harrison left it up to the team to decide what they wanted to do and the players unanimously decided that if some of them couldn't play none of them would play.
Smith graduated in 1956 and joined the US national team for the upcoming World Championships. That fall there was a revolution in Hungary that was violently suppressed by the Soviet Union and, because the tournament was to be held in Moscow, both the United States and Canada boycotted the tournament.
They were inducted into the Clarkson Athletic Hall of Fame in 2010.
Statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Awards and honors
References
External links
Year of birth missing
American men's ice hockey defensemen
Clarkson Golden Knights men's ice hockey players
Ice hockey players from Massachusetts
People from Walpole, Massachusetts
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
GMD may refer to:
Ben Slimane Airport, in Morocco
Gambian dalasi, the currency of The Gambia since 1971
Game (retailer), a British video game retailer
GDP-mannose 4,6-dehydratase, in enzymology
General material designation, in library cataloguing
General Motors Diesel, a Canadian diesel locomotive manufacturer
Generalmusikdirektor (general music director) for an orchestra, town etc.
Geoscientific Model Development, a journal
(Society for Mathematics and Information technology), now a part of the Fraunhofer Society
The Glam Metal Detectives, a British comedy series
Goldstein Museum of Design of the University of Minnesota
Golm Metabolome Database, in chemical processes
Grimsby Docks railway station, in England
Ground-Based Midcourse Defense, part of the United States missile defense system
Kuomintang, spelt as Guomindang, a major political party in the Republic of China
Maghdi language, spoken in Nigeria
Cherry House may refer to:
Cherry House (North Little Rock, Arkansas), listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP)
Cherry-Luter Estate, North Little Rock, Arkansas, NRHP-listed
Cherry Hall, Bowling Green, Kentucky, NRHP-listed
Cherry Hotel, Wilson, North Carolina, NRHP-listed
Peter L. Cherry House, Astoria, Oregon, NRHP-listed
Cherry Mansion, Savannah, Tennessee, NRHP-listed
See also
Cherry Hill (disambiguation)
The Forest Cemetery Entrance is a historic structure located in Oskaloosa, Iowa, United States. It was designed by Frank E. Wetherell and built in 1915. While they were known for their buildings, they were also involved with civic improvement projects in Des Moines that included the beautification of the banks along the Des Moines River. This included a series of walls and walkways, and planning new thoroughfares to ease traffic congestion. The two pillars are composed of rusticated grey Barre Granite. They have name of the cemetery, "Forest," carved on them. Walls extend from the pillars and include openings for sidewalks. They end at iron fences. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Mahaska County, Iowa
Buildings and structures completed in 1915
Buildings and structures in Mahaska County, Iowa
Cemeteries in Iowa
Cemeteries on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Oskaloosa, Iowa
"I've Been This Way Before" is a song written and performed by Neil Diamond. It was released as the second single from Diamond's 1974 album Serenade. "I've Been This Way Before" was Neil Diamond's third No. 1 on the Easy Listening chart and also peaked at No. 34 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Billboard magazine stated that the song was "stronger lyrically" than recent Neil Diamond songs and also praised the vocal performance and the arrangement. Cash Box said that "this moody ballad gleams," describing that a "simple piano opening builds lovingly into a rich mix of strings and things with Diamond's voice rising confidently above it all."
See also
List of number-one adult contemporary singles of 1975 (U.S.)
References
1975 singles
Neil Diamond songs
Songs written by Neil Diamond
1974 songs
Song recordings produced by Tom Catalano
With Heart and Hand for the Fatherland (German: Mit Herz und Hand fürs Vaterland) is a 1915 Austrian silent war drama film directed by Jacob Fleck and Luise Fleck and starring Hubert Marischka, Hermann Benke and Liane Haid. The composer Franz Lehár, better known for their operetta, created a score to accompany the film during screenings.
A patriotic story designed to support Austria's war effort during the First World War, it marked the screen debut of actor Liane Haid who went on be a leading screen star.
Plot
A reserve officer in the Tyrolean Rifles leaves their family go and fight on the Italian Front.
Cast
Hubert Marischka
Margarete Thumann
Liane Haid
Hermann Benke
Karl Baumgartner
Franz Felix
Viktoria Pohl-Meiser
Polly Janisch
Louis Seeman
Max Neufeld
Hermann Romberg
References
Bibliography
Robert Von Dassanowsky. Austrian Cinema: A History. McFarland, 2005.
External links
Austro-Hungarian films
1915 films
Austrian silent feature films
Films directed by Jacob Fleck
Films directed by Luise Fleck
Austrian black-and-white films
1910s war drama films
World War I films
Austrian war drama films
1915 drama films
Silent drama films
Silent war films
Eby G. Friedman is an electrical engineer, and Distinguished Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Rochester. Friedman is also a Visiting Professor at the Technion - Israel Institute of Technology.  They are a Senior Fulbright Fellow and a Fellow of the IEEE.
Early life and education
Born in Jersey City, New Jersey, in 1957, they earned an electrical engineering baccalaureate degree from Lafayette College in 1979, a master's degree (1981) and a doctoral degree (1989) from the University of California, Irvine, also in electrical engineering. Friedman married their wife Laurie Friedman in 1984, and they have two sons.
Career
Friedman's research interests include integrated circuits, VLSI design and analysis, clock synchronization, power delivery, 3-D integration, and mixed-signal circuits.
Their career began in the Netherlands in 1978, working at Philips Gloeilampen Fabreiken on designing bipolar differential amplifiers. From 1979 to 1991 they worked at Hughes Aircraft Company, developing a large variety of integrated circuits for US military and commercial applications. They joined the Electrical and Computer Engineering faculty at the University of Rochester in 1991.
They received the 2005 William H. Riker University Award for Graduate Teaching at the University of Rochester. In 2012 they became a Distinguished Lecturer of the IEEE CAS Society, and in 2013, they were awarded the Charles A. Desoer Technical Achievement Award, as a Fellow of the IEEE. In October 2015 they were inducted into the University of California, Irvine, Engineering Hall of Fame. They also received the IEEE CAS Mac Van Valkenburg award in 2018.
Service
Editing
Friedman serves as editor-in-chief of the Microelectronics Journal and is a member of the editorial board of the Journal of Low Power Electronics and Applications.  They are a past editor-in-chief and chair of the steering committee for the IEEE Transactions on Very Large Scale Integration (VLSI) Systems as well as past regional editor of the Journal of Circuits, Systems and Computers. They formerly served as a member of several editorial boards: the Analog Integrated Circuits and Signal Processing, the Journal of VLSI Signal Processing, and the Proceedings of the IEEE and IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems II: Analog and Digital Signal Processing.
Committee work
Friedman has served multiple IEEE societies and committees: Circuits and Systems (CAS) Society Board of Governors and CAS liaison to the Solid-State Circuits Society (SSCS); past chair of the VLSI Systems and Applications Circuits and Systems Society Technical Committee; and past chair of the Electron Devices Chapter of the Rochester Section.
Selected workshops and conferences
They were General/Program/Technical Co-Chair, for the 1997 International Workshop on Clock Distribution Networks. They have also chaired the following IEEE events: the 2000 Workshop on Signal Processing Systems, the 2003 and 2004 IEEE International Workshop on System-on-Chip for Real-Time Applications, technical program chair of the 2004 IEEE International Conference on Electronics, Circuits, and Systems, the 2006 IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems, and the 2007 IEEE International Symposium on Networks on Chip (NoC).
Publications and patents
Friedman has published more than 500 papers and is co-inventor of 20 patents.
Books
Clock Distribution Networks in VLSI Circuits and Systems (IEEE Press, 1995)
High Performance Clock Distribution Networks (Kluwer Academic Publishers, 1997)
Analog Design Issues in Digital VLSI Circuits and Systems (Kluwer Academic Publishers, 1997)
Timing Optimization through Clock Skew Scheduling ( 2000 and 2009)(first and second edition)
On-Chip Inductance in High Speed Integrated Circuits (Kluwer Academic Publishers, 2001)
Power Distribution Networks in High Speed Integrated Circuits (Kluwer Academic Publishers, 2004)
Multi-Voltage CMOS Circuit Design (John Wiley & Sons Press, 2006)
Power Distribution Networks with On-Chip Decoupling Capacitors (Springer Verlag, 2008 and 2011)(first and second edition)
Three-Dimensional Integrated Circuit Design (Morgan Kaufmann, 2009 and 2017)(first and second edition)
High Performance Integrated Circuit Design (McGraw-Hill Publishers, 2012)
On-Chip Power Delivery and Management'' (Springer, 2016)
Selected articles
I. Vaisband, B. Price, S. Kose, Y. Kolla, E. G. Friedman, and J. Fischer, "Distributed LDO Regulators in a 28 nm Power Delivery System," Analog Integrated Circuits and Signal Processing, Volume 83, Issue 3, pp. 295 – 309, 2015.
I. Vaisband and E. G. Friedman, "Energy Efficient Clustering of On-Chip Power Delivery Systems," Integration, the VLSI Journal, Volume 48, pp. 1 – 9, 2015.
M. Kazemi, E. Ipek, and E. G. Friedman, "Adaptive Compact Magnetic Tunnel Junction Model," IEEE Transactions on Electron Devices, Vol. 61, No. 11, pp. 3883–3891, November 2014.
S. Kvatinsky, N. Wald, G. Satat, E. G. Friedman, A. Kolodny, and U. C. Weiser, "Memristor-Based Material Implication (IMPLY) Logic: Design Principles and Methodologies," IEEE Transactions on Very Large Scale Integration (VLSI) Systems, Vol. 22, No. 10, pp. 2054–2066, October 2014.
A. Shapiro and E. G. Friedman, "MOS Current Mode Logic Near Threshold Circuits," Journal on Low Power Electronics and Applications, Volume 4, pp. 138 – 152, 2014.
R. Patel, E. Ipek, and E. G. Friedman, "2T - 1R STT-MRAM Memory Cells for Enhanced Sense Margin and On/Off Current Ratio," Microelectronics Journal, Volume 45, Issue 2, pp. 133 – 143, February 2014.
S. Kvatinsky, Y. H. Nacson, Y. Etsion, E. G. Friedman, A. Kolodny, and U. C. Weiser, "Memristor-Based Multithreading," IEEE Computer Architecture Letters, Vol. 13, No. 1, pp. 41 – 44, January–June 2014.
Friedman, Eby G. "Clock distribution networks in synchronous digital integrated circuits." Proceedings of the IEEE 89.5 (2001): 665-692.
Ismail, Yehea, and Eby G. Friedman. "Effects of inductance on the propagation delay and repeater insertion in VLSI circuits." Very Large Scale Integration (VLSI) Systems, IEEE Transactions on 8.2 (2000): 195-206.
Ismail, Yehea, Eby G. Friedman, and Jose L. Neves. "Figures of merit to characterize the importance of on-chip inductance." Very Large Scale Integration (VLSI) Systems, IEEE Transactions on 7.4 (1999): 442-449.
Hauryla, Mikhail, et al. "On-chip optical interconnect roadmap: challenges and critical directions." Selected Topics in Quantum Electronics, IEEE Journal of12.6 (2006): 1699-1705.
References
Living people
1957 births
People from Jersey City, New Jersey
Lafayette College alumni
University of California, Irvine alumni
American electrical engineers
University of Rochester faculty
Fellow Members of the IEEE
Engineers from California
Engineers from New Jersey
Bulgaria competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016. Bulgaria made their official debut at the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens. Bulgarian athletes had appeared in every edition of the Summer Olympics since 1924, except for three occasions: the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, and the 1932 and 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles because of Bulgaria's actions in WW2, the worldwide Great Depression and the Soviet boycott, respectively.
The Bulgarian Olympic Committee fielded 51 athletes, 29 men and 22 women, across 14 sports at the Games. It was the nation's smallest delegation sent to the Olympics since 1956, due to the absence of the men's volleyball squad and the ban of 11 weightlifters over a widespread doping offense. Track and field and wrestling accounted for the largest number of athletes on the Bulgarian squad with 11 entries, nearly half of the nation's full roster size. There was only a single competitor each in road cycling, fencing, and modern pentathlon (the country's return to the sport at the Olympic Games after 16 years).
Sixteen Bulgarian athletes competed at London 2012, including four members of the rhythmic gymnastics squad (led by Mihaela Maevska-Velichkova, Albanian-born Elis Guri in Greco-Roman wrestling, pistol shooter and 2015 European Games silver medalist Antoaneta Boneva, and the country's fastest sprinter and two-time European champion Ivet Lalova-Collio in both the women's 100 and 200 metres. Heading to their fourth straight Olympics as the most experienced competitor, Lalova-Collio was selected by the committee to carry the Bulgarian flag at the opening ceremony, the second time by a female in the nation's Summer Olympic history.
Bulgaria returned home from Rio de Janeiro with only three medals (one silver and two bronze), marking a slight improvement from the nation's overall tally at the previous Games (not taking into account subsequent changes to the medal tallies for the 2012 Games due to doping violations). All of Bulgaria's medalists were women for the first time in history; a silver to high jumper Mirela Demireva, and a bronze each to the rhythmic gymnastics troupe in the group all-around and freestyle wrestler Elitsa Yankova in the women's 48 kg.
Medalists
Competitors
| width=78% align=left valign=top |
The following is the list of number of competitors participating in the Games:
| width=22% align=left valign=top |
Athletics
Bulgarian athletes achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event):
Track & road events
Field events
Men
Women
Badminton
Bulgaria qualified three badminton players for each of the following events into the Olympic tournament. Linda Zechiri was selected among the top 34 individual shuttlers in the women's singles, while sisters Gabriela and Stefani Stoeva secured the women's doubles spot by virtue of their top 16 finish in the BWF World Rankings as of 5 May 2016.
Boxing
Bulgaria entered three boxers to compete in each of the following weight classes into the Olympic boxing tournament. Stanimira Petrova had claimed their Olympic spot with a semifinal victory at the 2016 European Qualification Tournament in Samsun, Turkey, while Daniel Asenov and Simeon Chamov secured additional places on the Bulgarian roster at the 2016 AIBA World Qualifying Tournament in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Canoeing
Sprint
Bulgaria qualified a single boat in the men's K-1 1000 m for the Games through the 2015 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships. Meanwhile, one additional boat has been awarded to the Bulgarian squad in men's C-1 1000 m by virtue of a top two national finish at the 2016 European Qualification Regatta in Duisburg, Germany.
Qualification Legend: FA = Qualify to final (medal); FB = Qualify to final B (non-medal)
Cycling
Road
Bulgaria qualified one rider in the men's Olympic road race by virtue of their top 200 individual ranking in the 2015 UCI Europe Tour.
Fencing
Bulgaria entered one fencer into the Olympic competition. Pancho Paskov had claimed their Olympic spot in the men's sabre by finishing among the top four individuals at the European Zonal Qualifier in Prague, Czech Republic.
Gymnastics
Rhythmic
Bulgaria qualified a squad of rhythmic gymnasts for the individual and group all-around by finishing in the top 15 (for individual) and top 10 (for group) at the 2015 World Championships in Stuttgart, Germany.
Judo
Bulgaria qualified two judokas for each of the following weight classes at the Games. Ivaylo Ivanov was ranked among the top 22 eligible judokas for men in the IJF World Ranking List of 30 May 2016, while Yanislav Gerchev at men's extra-lightweight (60 kg) earned a continental quota spot from the European region as Bulgaria's top-ranked judoka outside of direct qualifying position.
Modern pentathlon
Bulgaria received an invitation from UIPM to send Dimitar Krastanov in the men's modern pentathlon to the Olympics, as one of the next highest-ranked eligible individuals, not yet qualified, at the 2015 European Championships, signifying the nation's return to the sport for the first time since 2000.
Rowing
Bulgaria qualified one boat in the men's double sculls for the Olympics at the 2015 FISA World Championships in Lac d'Aiguebelette, France.
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); FC=Final C (non-medal); FD=Final D (non-medal); FE=Final E (non-medal); FF=Final F (non-medal); SA/B=Semifinals A/B; SC/D=Semifinals C/D; SE/F=Semifinals E/F; QF=Quarterfinals; R=Repechage
Shooting
Bulgarian shooters achieved quota places for the following events by virtue of their best finishes at the 2014 and 2015 ISSF World Championships, the 2015 ISSF World Cup series, and European Championships or Games, as long as they obtained a minimum qualifying score (MQS) by 31 March 2016.
Qualification Legend: Q = Qualify for the next round; q = Qualify for the bronze medal (shotgun)
Swimming
Bulgarian swimmers achieved qualifying standards in the following events (up to a maximum of 2 swimmers in each event at the Olympic Qualifying Time (OQT), and potentially 1 at the Olympic Selection Time (OST)):
Tennis
Bulgaria entered two tennis players into the Olympic tournament. London 2012 Olympian Grigor Dimitrov (world no. 36) qualified directly for the men's singles as one of the top 56 eligible players based on the ATP World Rankings, while Tsvetana Pironkova (world no. 71) had claimed one of six ITF Olympic women's singles places, as Bulgaria's top-ranked tennis player outside of direct qualifying position in the WTA World Rankings as of 6 June 2016.
Wrestling
Bulgaria qualified a total of eleven wrestlers for each the following weight classes into the Olympic competition. Three Olympic berths were awarded to Bulgarian wrestlers, who finished among the top six at the 2015 World Championships, while five more had booked Olympic spots with their semifinal triumphs at the 2016 European Qualification Tournament.
Three further wrestlers had claimed the remaining Olympic slots to round out the Bulgarian roster at the initial meet of the World Qualification Tournament in Ulaanbaatar.
On 11 May 2016, United World Wrestling awarded an additional Olympic license to Bulgaria in men's freestyle 125 kg, as a response to the doping violations for both the Belarusian and Ukrainian wrestler at the European Qualification Tournament.
Men's freestyle
Men's Greco-Roman
Women's freestyle
See also
Bulgaria at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
References
External links
Olympics
2016
Nations at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Thomas Jameson Torrie FRSE (died 7 August 1858) was a Scottish advocate, geologist, botanist and author. They were a competent artist and made their own botanical drawings.
Life
Torrie was the son of Patrick Torrie (1763–1810) and Janet Jameson (1776–1853), the sister of Robert Jameson, who was a strong influence upon him.
They trained as a lawyer at the University of Edinburgh, and qualified as an advocate in 1830. However their primary interests lay in scientific investigations. In 1827 they were President of Edinburgh's Plinian Society, a group of like-minded thinkers and scientists. In 1832 they inherited £10,000, a large sum for the day, enabling them to pursue their scientific interests at leisure.
They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1834, their proposer was Sir John Robison. At this time they were living in an imposing Georgian townhouse at 21 Royal Circus in Edinburgh's New Town. They also served on the Committee of the British Association for the Advancement of Science.
They visited Mount Vesuvius during an eruption, and reported their observations back to several scientific bodies.
They died in Roslin in Midlothian on 7 August 1858, and is buried in Warriston Cemetery.
Family
They married Catherine Paton (1820–1867) in 1846. They had 3 sons and a daughter; Janet Torrie, Robert Torrie, Lawrence Jameson Torrie (born 1852) and Thomas Torrie, the Scotland international rugby union player.
References
1858 deaths
19th-century Scottish male artists
19th-century Scottish scientists
Scottish botanists
Scottish geologists
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Scientists from Edinburgh
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Burials at Warriston Cemetery
Merops is a large genus of bee-eaters, a group of near passerine birds in the family Meropidae, native to Africa, Asia, Australia and Europe. The members of this family are characterised by richly coloured plumage, slender bodies and usually elongated central tail feathers. They predominantly eat insects, especially bees, wasps and hornets, which are caught in the air.
All bee-eaters are in the genus Merops and subfamily Meropinae except for three Asiatic bearded bee-eaters in the subfamily Nyctyornithinae (in genera Nyctyornis and Meropogon). The genus Merops was introduced by the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus in 1758 in the tenth edition of their Systema Naturae. The type species is the European bee-eater. The genus name is Ancient Greek for "bee-eater".
Taxonomy and systematics
Twenty-seven species are recognized:
Former species
Formerly, some authorities also considered the following species (or subspecies) as species within the genus Merops:
Magpie-lark (as Merops picatus)
References
Meropidae
Bird genera
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
The Messerschmitt M 28 was a mail plane developed in Germany in the early 1930s to meet a requirement by Deutsche Luft Hansa. It was a single-engine, low-wing cantilever monoplane of conventional design with an enclosed cockpit and fixed, tailskid undercarriage.
Despite successful trials, Luft Hansa changed its requirement and did not purchase the design, due possibly at least partly to the enmity of Luft Hansa director Erhard Milch towards Messerschmitt. This would be Messerschmitt's final attempt to market a commercial aircraft in Germany (the Messerschmitt M 36 was designed specifically for Romania), with the company subsequently returning to the production of sport aircraft instead.
Specifications
Notes
References
1930s German mailplanes
M 28
Low-wing aircraft
WhIsBe is a New York City-based street artist of unverified identity known both for their street and fine art. Their work included in several museum collections and public installation spaces, including: The New Museum in New York, MOCO Museum in Amsterdam and real estate developer Larry Silverstein's rebuilt World Trade Center complex. In 2014, WhIsBe's work was included in the Governors Ball Music Festival on Randall's Island and in 2017, they installed a 7 foot sculpture in the lobby of the 4 World Trade Center building.
Street Art
Inspired by Andy Warhol's use of commercial imagery and Jean-Michel Basquiat's disruption of public space, WhIsBe wanted to share their message with a wide range of people and began putting up illegal work on the streets in 2011. They first gained notoriety for their “McDictator” image—a mashup of Ronald McDonald's iconic clown face and Adolf Hitler's body frozen in heil salute—commenting on, as The Huffington Post descries, “the McDonaldization of America.”
Taking known images and making subtle alterations to their design, WhIsBe changes the intended meaning of the image and adds their own, often political, commentary. In their Vandal Gummy series, WhIsBe places an image of a candy gummy bear against a prison mugshot background. The juxtaposition between the harshness of the Department of Corrections and the innocence of the piece of candy encourages viewers to examine institutions and has become a hallmark of WhIsBe's body of work.
Charity Work and Corporate Partnerships
WhIsBe has partnered with charities and corporations ranging from the ArtWorks Charity Foundation to Charity: Water to Red Bull and has exhibited work at notable events including: the Governors Ball Music Festival, Art Basel through Castle Fitzjohns Gallery and Art Southampton through the Keszler Gallery. In 2016, they collaborated with the New Museum in New York City to create a large-scale sculptural installation of their Vandal Gummies as well as a series of limited-edition prints.
NFTs
WhIsBe has been selling their art as NFTs since 2021. Their iconic gummy bears have been auctioned in various platforms, including Nifty Gateway and OpenSea. Their iconic unique (1/1) Gold gummy bear is exhibited at Moco Museum, Amsterdam, Netherlands. WhIsbe also partnered with auction house Sotheby's, helping them to launch their dedicated digital art platform.
References
Street artists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Pawan Kant Munjal (born 1954) is an Indian billionaire business person, and the chairperson, managing director and CEO of Hero MotoCorp the world's largest manufacturer of motorcycles and scooters. India Today magazine ranked them #49th in its India's 50 Most powerful people of 2017 list.
 They are the third child of Brijmohan Lall Munjal and Santosh Munjal.
As of May 2022, their net worth was estimated at US$3.4 billion.
References
Living people
Hero Group
1954 births
Punjabi people
Indian billionaires
Amiral Bourgois was the only submarine of their class built for the French Navy during the first decade of the 20th century.
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Amiral Bourgois on navypedia.org
World War I submarines of France
1912 ships
Submarine classes
Ironville Historic District is a national historic district located at Ironville in Essex County, New York. The district contains 12 contributing buildings. It encompasses the area associated with a once thriving iron works. Almost nothing remains of the iron works itself. The remaining buildings consist of modest wooden dwellings including the Penfield Homestead (1828; now a museum), boarding house (1827), Congregational Church (1842), commercial building / grange hall (1870s), and cemetery. Ironville is known as the "Birthplace of the Electrical Age", being the site of the first industrial application of electricity in the United States.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
References
External links
Penfield Homestead Museum in Ironville, NY
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Historic house museums in New York (state)
Museums in Essex County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Essex County, New York
Mining communities in New York (state)
is a Japanese anime television series and the third Japanese anime television series set in the Macross universe. It was broadcast on MBS from April 4, 2008 to September 26, 2008.
Macross Frontier is the story of a human space colony fleet trying to find a habitable planet near the center of the Milky Way. The story focuses on three young adults (a famed pop singer, a private military pilot, and a rising pop singer) and the events that occur around them as the fleet faces a crisis of alien origin.
Plot
The series features the 25th New Macross-class Colonial Fleet, dubbed the Macross Frontier, en route to the galactic center. This heavily populated interstellar fleet (consisting of numerous civilian vessels and their military escorts) contains a makeup of both human occupants and their Zentradi allies. As such, many of the Macross Frontier's companion vessels appear to merge more metallic Human designs with organic Zentradi aesthetics. Macross Frontier plot explores a combination of action/political intrigue/space drama more than previous Macross series have done in the past.
As the series begins, during a mission to an unexplored asteroid belt a reconnaissance New U.N. Spacy (N.U.N.S.) VF-171 is destroyed by extremely powerful and fast insectoid biomechanical alien mecha known as the "Vajra" which immediately begin their attack on the rest of the fleet. Unable to stop the new enemy threat, the N.U.N.S. Colonial Defense Forces authorizes the deployment of a private military provider organization called S.M.S. (Strategic Military Services) which utilizes the new VF-25 Messiah variable fighter to combat the alien menace.
Media
Anime
The series was animated by Satelight and was broadcast in Japan on MBS from April 4, 2008 to September 26, 2008. A pre-broadcast airing titled Macross Frontier: Close Encounter - Deculture Edition or , showcasing a preview version of the first episode was aired on December 23, 2007. The series premiered on satellite television in Japan on Animax on April 7, 2008.
Manga
Four separate manga adaptations were run in Shōnen Ace, Comp Ace and Bessatsu Friend, starting in December 2007, February 2008, July 2008, and September 2010, respectively.
Soundtrack
Others
Radio Macross
Radio Macross is a radio program, based on Macross Frontier, which was first broadcast on Bunka Hōsō and MBS Radio on January 3, 2008. It has featured Megumi Nakajima and Kenta Miyake, voice actors for the characters Ranka Lee and Bobby Margot, as hosts.
Macross Fufonfia
Macross Fufonfia is a series of Flash-based 90-second promotional shorts developed by Satelight and sponsored by Mainichi Broadcasting System where characters from Macross Frontier are portrayed as office ladies and employees at the "Frontier Software Company". While not exactly standard anime, more a sort of paper cut-out animation, these ONA shorts are a fun spoof of the original series intended to promote the show. The series was aired in 2007 and featured 20 episodes.
Macross Frontier the Movie: The False Songstress
A theatrical version of the Macross Frontier anime television series was announced in Japan during the broadcast of the 25th and final episode "Your Sound" ("Anata no Oto") on September 25, 2008. According to interviews with Shōji Kawamori the movie was to be an adaptation of the story from the television series. Japanese anime magazine Animedia had originally announced that the film was to be released during the summer of 2009. Other reports later placed the premiere in the fall of 2009. That report was confirmed by an itasha (vehicle decorated with character art) mini-van outside the "Macross: The Super Dimension Space Launching Ceremony" event that took place on February 22, 2009 in Japan. However, at that point, the creator Shoji Kawamori and the cast members Yuuichi Nakamura (Alto Saotome), Aya Endo (Sheryl Nome), and Megumi Nakajima (Ranka Lee) noted on the actual event, that the new date and the title were still subjected to changes.
The theatrical film adaptation of Macross Frontier opened in Japan on November 21, 2009, under the name . The Kadokawa Cineplex and Shochiku Multiplex theaters' websites revealed the title and date, and the second issue of Kadokawa Shoten's Macross Ace magazine eventually published the details on June 26, 2009. The teaser trailer for the film premiered in Japanese theaters on June 27, 2009 (the same day ticket pre-sales began in Japan). The first movie retells the events of the anime from episodes 1 to 13, with significant alterations to the story and timeline of the television series.
A Blu-ray Disc release of the movie, titled Macross Frontier The Movie: The False Songstress Hybrid Pack, was released on October 7, 2010. The Blu-ray release contains the Blu-ray jacket, the hybrid disc, a 48-page artwork booklet, a theatrical release archive, and a card featuring frames from the movie. The pack also included a code that allowed the owner to be entered into a contest to attend the Macross F Christmas Live event that year. A PS3 game titled Macross Trial Frontier is included in the Hybrid Pack, playable on the PlayStation 3. A standard DVD was also released in the same day. Later Namco Bandai (now Bandai Namco Holdings) released the Macross Frontier the Movie 30th d Shudisuta b Box on May 15, 2014.
Macross Frontier the Movie: The Wings of Farewell
The official website of the Macross Frontier anime series has confirmed that there will be two theatrical Macross Frontier films. While The False Songstress primarily reedited footage from the show's initial 13 episodes, the second film, titled , diverges significantly from the events of the television series, featuring entirely new animation and new music. In the Macross Frontier Girasama Festival, the movie's release date is confirmed to be on February 26, 2011. The Wings of Farewell provide an original story and an alternate conclusion to Frontier, following directly off of The False Songstress.
Blu-ray and DVD editions of the movie were released by Bandai Namco Games on October 20, 2011. The Blu-ray version is still a Hybrid Pack, the same as the first movie released in Blu-ray. A PS3 game titled Macross Last Frontier is included in the Hybrid Pack, and it can be played when the disc is in the PlayStation 3. Later, Namco Bandai (now Bandai Namco Holdings) released the Macross Frontier the Movie 30th d Shudisuta b Box on May 15, 2014.
Macross F Galaxy Tour Final in Budokan
In November 2008, a live concert of Macross Frontier'''s music was performed by May'n, Megumi Nakajima, and Yoko Kanno. A video recording of the concert was released in November 2009, and is available on DVD and Blu-ray Disc.
All That VF - Macross 25th Anniversary Air Show (Frontier Edition)
Coinciding with both the 25th anniversary of Macross and the Blu-ray releases of volume one of both Macross Zero and Macross Frontier, the official website of Macross Frontier posted two newly animated short films featuring Air Show style demonstrations for both series. People who purchased the first pressings of either Macross Zero or Macross Frontier received a unique code to enter into the website and therefore be able to watch the short film of the respective anime.
International release
Due to a current legal dispute over the distribution rights of the Macross franchise, involving Studio Nue and Big West against Harmony Gold, much of the Macross merchandise post 1999, including Macross Frontier, has not received an international release.
However, on March 1, 2021, Big West, Studio Nue and Harmony Gold reached an agreement on the international distribution of most Macross sequels and films.
The two Macross Frontier films each received a one-night theatrical release with English subtitles in the United States via Big West and Fathom Events, with The False Songstress shown on June 16, 2022, and The Wings of Farewell shown on June 30, 2022.
Reception
As a tribute to the popularity of the series, Japanese champion cosplay kickboxer Yuichiro Nagashima ("Jienotsu") crossplayed as the character Ranka Lee during one of their tournaments and also in a promotional event for the show.
The first DVD volume of the series released in Japan by Bandai Visual maintained the #3 spot in the sales chart for two consecutive weeks. It was revealed that about 45,000 Blu-ray Discs and 55,000 DVDs were shipped by Bandai Visual for the first volume. This marked the highest Blu-ray Disc pressing among all Bandai Visual releases. Macross Frontier was also reported to be the first anime television series to ship simultaneously on both disc formats in Japan.
The original soundtrack of the series, Macross Frontier O.S.T.1 Nyan FRO'', made it to #3 in Oricon's's weekly album chart. The album sold over 72,000 copies, becoming the first anime album in eleven years to rank in Japan's top 3. The only anime album to rival these sales was The End of Evangelion soundtrack, released on September 26, 1997.
The first opening single, "Triangular" by Maaya Sakamoto, debuted at #3 in Oricon's weekly singles chart and maintained the spot for three weeks before falling to #6. The second single, "Diamond Crevasse" by May'n, also debuted at #3. The third single, Megumi Nakajima's "Seikan Hikō", reached #5 with 34,501 copies. The fourth single, including the second opening "Lion" and the second ending theme "Northern Cross", sold about 56,000 copies in its first week, reaching #3 as well. These four singles sold a total of over 500,000 copies, marking the start of a "new anime song boom" in Japan.
References
External links
Official Website @ MBS
Macross Frontier Official PV @ Bandai Channel (1Mbit/s)
Macross Frontier entry at the Macross Compendium
Macross Mecha Manual A website profiling the fictional vehicles of the Macross series
2007 manga
2008 Japanese novels
2008 manga
2009 anime films
2011 anime films
Fiction set in 2059
2000s romance films
2010s romance films
2000s science fiction films
2010s science fiction films
Animated romance films
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation 3-only games
Anime series
Animated films based on animated series
Japan-exclusive video games
Japanese animated science fiction films
2000s Japanese-language films
Japanese idols in anime and manga
Japanese romance films
Japanese science fiction films
Kadokawa Shoten manga
Kadokawa Sneaker Bunko
Light novels
Frontier
Mainichi Broadcasting System original programming
Mecha anime and manga
Romance anime and manga
Satelight
Space opera anime and manga
Shōnen manga
Television series set in the 2050s
Michael Thomas Hickland Wesley-Smith (born 2 December 1983) is a New Zealand television actor.  They are best known for their portrayal of Jack in the teen sci-fi TV show The Tribe.
Biography
Wesley-Smith started their career acting on stage in productions such as Charlie and the Chocolate Factory or Hercules and starring in info-videos. In 1997, they landed a guest role on the TV series The Legend of William Tell. The production company of the show, Cloud 9, then asked them to audition for their new series, The Tribe. They won the part of Jack, and played them in all five seasons from 1999 to 2003. Throughout filming, they also occupied the lead role of the wacky teen comedy Atlantis High as Giles Gordon, and had to take several absences from The Tribe. Their character Jack was therefore absent during long portions of the third and fourth seasons of the show. They also played the guest part of Craig in an episode of The Strip in 2002.
Wesley-Smith completed a degree in Law at Otago University and went on to study journalism at New Zealand Broadcasting School in Christchurch.
They now works as a reporter on Newshub's The Nation.
Filmography
The Last Great Snail Chase (2007)
TV work
The Strip
"Get Over It" (2002) .... Craig
Atlantis High (2001) .... Giles Gordon
The Tribe .... Jack (1999–2003, Seasons 1-5)
The Legend of William Tell
"The Challenge" (1998) .... Flynn
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
New Zealand male television actors
New Zealand journalists
New Zealand male child actors
The Republic of Kiribati and the People's Republic of China (PRC) established diplomatic relations on June 25, 1980, and resumed on September 27, 2019. Between 2003 and 2019, The government of Kiribati recognized the Republic of China, and, in accordance with the "One China" policy, the People's Republic of China did not have diplomatic relations to the country.
Context
Oceania is, to the People's Republic of China and the Republic of China (Taiwan), a stage for continuous diplomatic competition. Eight states in Oceania recognize the PRC, and six recognise the ROC. These numbers fluctuate as Pacific Island nations re-evaluate their foreign policies, and occasionally shift diplomatic recognition between Beijing and Taipei. In keeping with the "One China" policy, it is not possible for any country to maintain official diplomatic relations with "both Chinas", and this "either/or" factor has resulted in the PRC and the ROC actively courting diplomatic favours from small Pacific nations. In 2003, the People's Republic of China announced it intended to enhance its diplomatic ties with the Pacific Islands Forum, and increase the economic aid package it provided to that organisation. At the same time, PRC delegate Zhou Whenzhong added: "The PIF should refrain from any exchanges of an official nature or dialogue partnership of any form with Taiwan". In 2006, Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao announced that the PRC would increase its economic cooperation with Pacific Island States. The PRC would provide more economic aid, abolish tariffs for exports from the Pacific's least developed countries, annul the debt of those countries, distribute free anti-malaria medicines, and provide training for two thousand Pacific Islander government officials and technical staff. Also in 2006, Wen became the first Chinese premier to visit the Pacific islands, which the Taipei Times described as "a longtime diplomatic battleground for China and Taiwan". Similarly, according to Ron Crocombe, Professor of Pacific Studies at the University of the South Pacific, "There have been more Pacific Islands minister visits to China than to any other country".
History and current situation
Kiribati first established official diplomatic relations with the People's Republic of China in 1980, and maintained them for twenty-three years. In November 2003, Tarawa established diplomatic relations with Taipei, and Beijing severed its relations with the country. For the PRC, relations with Kiribati had been relatively important, since Beijing had a satellite-tracking station established there (since 1997). Therefore, for three weeks the PRC called upon I-Kiribati President Anote Tong to break off relations with Taiwan and re-affirm their support for the "One China" policy. Only after those three weeks did the PRC sever relations, thereby losing the right to maintain its satellite-tracking base in Kiribati. The Republic of China began providing economic aid to Kiribati, while Kiribati began supporting Taiwan in the United Nations.
In 2004, President Tong said they believed the PRC was still trying to exert influence over their country.
In September 2019, Kiribati restored the diplomatic relations with the People's Republic of China following termination of diplomatic relations with the Republic of China, shortly after the Solomon Islands have done so. On May 15, 2020, the Chinese embassy in Kiribati reopened.
See also
Sino-Pacific relations#Kiribati
Chinese Ambassador to Kiribati
References
Kiribati
Bilateral relations of Kiribati
Government Higher Secondary School is located in Velliyanai, Karur, India. It is a State Board school with 20 faculty members.
The school was launched in 1996. This school's primary medium of instruction is Tamil language, with English as secondary medium, and the student teacher ratio is 18:1.
Tamil-language schools
Educational institutions established in 1996
High schools and secondary schools in Tamil Nadu
1996 establishments in Tamil Nadu
What's New, Scooby-Doo? is an American animated mystery-comedy series. The show was broadcast from September 14, 2002 to May 21, 2006 on Kids' WB, a Saturday morning children's programming block on The WB Television Network. This is the ninth incarnation of the Scooby-Doo franchise, and features the main characters - Ernest Thomas, Daphne Blake, Velma Dinkley, Shaggy Rogers and Scooby-dooby-doo! - investigating appearances of supernatural creatures.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (2002–03)
Season 2 (2003–04)
Season 3 (2005–06)
References
Lists of Scooby-Doo television series episodes
Lists of American children's animated television series episodes
Hiyama (written: , , , or ) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
, Japanese physicist
, Japanese jazz drummer
, Japanese voice actor
, Japanese baseball player
Tamejiro Hiyama (born 1946), Japanese chemist
, Japanese footballer
Japanese-language surnames
Shikhar Ghosh is the MBA Class of 1961 Senior Lecturer in the Entrepreneurial Management Unit at the Harvard Business School. They teach an MBA course called The Entrepreneurial Manager. Shikhar has been a successful entrepreneur for the last 20 years. They have been the founder and CEO or Chairman of eight technology-based entrepreneurial companies and was the past Chairman of the Massachusetts Technology Leadership Council and The Indus Entrepreneurs - two leading entrepreneurial organizations. They were selected by BusinessWeek as one of the best Entrepreneurs in the US, Forbes as one of the ‘Masters of the Internet Universe' and Fortune as the CEO of one of the 10 most innovative companies in the US. Companies they founded were selected as both the ‘hottest' and ‘coolest' emerging companies by business publications.
Early life
Shikhar received their undergraduate degree from the University of Bombay. Subsequently, they received their MBA from the Harvard Business School in 1980.
Career
Shikhar joined the Boston Consulting Group in 1980 after completing their MBA. At BCG they focused on organization and innovation in large organization. They were elected a worldwide partner of the firm in 1987. Shikhar left BCG in 1988 to become CEO of Appex, an early-stage venture backed company that built the inter-carrier infrastructure for the US mobile phone industry. Appex provided centralized services that enabled independent mobile carriers to operate as a single seamless network. Appex's services included call forwarding across carriers, fraud prevention services, billing and customer service. Appex was bought by EDS in 1990. By the time Shikhar left in 1993, Appex's revenues exceeded $100m with an order backlog of over $1 billion. It was selected by BusinessWeek as the fastest-growing private company in the US.
Shikhar founded Open Market in 1993. Open Market was one of the pioneering companies in the commercialization of the Internet. It built the first commercial infrastructure for enabling secure commerce on the Internet and provided the software and services that enabled companies like Time Warner and AT&T to offer their services on the Internet. Open Market was one of the first internet companies to go public. It was selected by numerous business publications as one of the companies that helped to make the Internet what it is today.
After leaving Open Market Shikhar has been the founder, CEO or Chairman of several companies in the wireless, payment, Internet marketing and online retailing industries. They have worked in all facets of the entrepreneurial process – starting companies with technical teams, providing and raising capital with venture capitalists, buying and selling companies, or taking them public and closing down unsuccessful companies. Their ideas and interviews have multiple media. They have been a keynote speaker in numerous conferences on innovation, entrepreneurship, digital media and on the future of the Internet.
Works
Book chapters
Ghosh, Shikhar and Ramana Nanda. "Venture Capital Investment in the Clean Energy Sector." In America's Energy Innovation Problem [working title], edited by Richard Lester, forthcoming
Published papers
Ghosh, Shikhar, and Stephanie van Sice. "Indica." Harvard Business School Case 810-130.
Ghosh, Shikhar, and Thomas R. Eisenmann. "Skyhook Wireless." Harvard Business School Case 809-119.
References
External links
HBS Working Knowledge: Why Companies Fail--and How Their Founders Can Bounce Back
Living people
Harvard Business School alumni
University of Mumbai alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Aristotle Dreher is an American songwriter/musician from Bay Shore, New York.  They are known as a founding member and bass player for the band Vaeda. They have also played bass for the bands Cage 9, and The Bastard Kings of Rock.
In addition to being a musician, Dreher is also a visual artist, filmmaker, and actor.
References
Interview with Ian Cole, Aristotle Dreher, and Oliver Williams - Rocknet Webzine
External links
Songwriters from New York (state)
American rock guitarists
American male guitarists
1978 births
Living people
People from Bay Shore, New York
Guitarists from New York (state)
21st-century American guitarists
21st-century American male musicians
American male songwriters
Désirée Stedman is a former Archdeacon of Ottawa.  They are now an honorary assistant at Blackburn Hamlet.
Stedman was born in Ireland. Before ordination they were a physiotherapist. They trained for ordained ministry at St. Paul's University College and Montreal Diocesan Theological College.
Notes
Archdeacons of Ottawa
21st-century Anglican priests
Irish Anglicans
Alumni of Montreal Diocesan Theological College
Canadian physiotherapists
University of Waterloo alumni
Valentin Ignatov may refer to:
Valentin Ignatov (surgeon) (born 1958), Bulgarian surgeon
Valentin Ignatov (footballer) (born 1966), Bulgarian football player
is an old woman who sits at the edge of the Sanzu River in the Buddhist underworld. At the river, they have two primary duties.
According to Japanese Buddhist folklore, when a child dies, its soul has to cross the Sanzu River. Traditionally, when a person dies, it is believed that they can cross the river at three different spots depending on how they lived their lives. Since children have not accumulated enough experiences, however, they are unable to cross. At the river's edge, the souls of deceased children are met by Datsue-ba. There, they strip the children of their clothes and advise them to build a pile of pebbles on which they can climb to reach paradise. But before the pile reaches any significant height, the hag and underworld demons maliciously knock it down. The Buddhist bodhisattva Jizō saves these souls from having to pile stones eternally on the bank of the river by hiding them in their robe.
When a soul is that of an adult, Datsue-ba forces the sinners to take off their clothes, and the old-man Keneō hangs these clothes on a riverside branch that bends to reflect the gravity of the sins. If the sinner arrives with no clothes, Datsu-ba strips them of their skin. Various levels of punishment are performed even at this early stage. For those who steal, for example, Datsueba breaks their fingers, and together with their old-man consort, they tie the head of the sinner to the sinner's feet.
References
Datsueba -- Old Hag of Hell
Japanese legendary creatures
Buddhist legendary creatures
Female legendary creatures
Oni
Yang Yansheng (simplified Chinese:杨雁盛; born 5 January 1988) is a Chinese pole vaulter.  They are the former Chinese record holder for the event both indoors and outdoors with bests of 5.80 and 5.75 metres respectively.
Born in Binzhou in China's Shandong province, Yang won the gold medal at the 2005 World Youth Championships and then took the silver at the 2005 National Games of China, finishing behind Liu Feiliang. They stepped up an age category and won at the Asian Junior Athletics Championships before taking the silver medal at the 2006 World Junior Championships. That same year they took silver at the 2006 Asian Indoor Athletics Championships behind Japan's Daichi Sawano and the bronze medal at the 2006 Asian Games.
They won the 2009 national championships with a height of 5.35 metres. They represented their region at the 11th National Games of China and won the bronze medal. A vault of 5.40 m brought them silver at the 2009 Asian Indoor Games.
They then competed at the 2010 World Indoor Championships without reaching the final. They excelled at national level however, winning the national title in August in Jinan with a Chinese record vault of 5.75 m. This also guaranteed them selection for the Asian Games. They became the pole vault champion at the 2010 Asian Games. They also came fifth for Asia at the 2010 IAAF Continental Cup.
Their best vault of the 2011 season was a clearance of 5.60 m in Hefei. They were the bronze medalist at the 2011 Asian Athletics Championships. They started the following year in better form, taking the title at the 2012 Asian Indoor Athletics Championships, then clearing 5.65 m to win their first IAAF Diamond League meeting in Shanghai. They were selected for the 2012 London Olympics but failed to get past the qualifying stage. They ended their season with a 5.70 m vault to win the national title.
At the start of 2013 they set a national indoor record of 5.80 m at the PSD Bank Meeting in Germany. In the outdoor season they placed third at the IAAF World Challenge Beijing meet. In 2014, they finished ninth at the World Indoor Championship.
References
1988 births
Living people
Chinese male pole vaulters
Athletes from Shandong
People from Binzhou
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of China
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2010 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Asian Games bronze medalists for China
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
"No Complaints" is the debut solo single by American record producer Metro Boomin featuring American rapper Offset of Migos and Canadian rapper Drake. The song was featured as a bonus track on Metro's debut solo studio album, Not All Heroes Wear Capes (2018). The song was released as a digital download on June 23, 2017, by Boominati Worldwide and Republic Records.
Commercial performance
The song entered at number 71 on the US Billboard Hot 100.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2017 debut singles
2017 songs
Metro Boomin songs
Offset (rapper) songs
Drake (musician) songs
Republic Records singles
Song recordings produced by Metro Boomin
Songs written by Metro Boomin
Songs written by Offset (rapper)
Songs written by Drake (musician)
The orange weaver (Ploceus aurantius) is a species of bird in the weaver family, Ploceidae. It is sparsely distributed across African tropical rainforest.
Taxonomy and systematics
Subspecies
There are two subspecies recognized:
P. a. aurantius - (Vieillot, 1805): Found from Sierra Leone to Democratic Republic of the Congo, and south to Angola
P. a. rex - Neumann, 1908: Found in Uganda, western Kenya and north-western Tanzania
Description
The orange weaver can reach a length of about , including the tail. These birds exhibit sexual dimorphism, and plumage also varies seasonally. During breeding or "nuptial" season, the male has a black beak, a small patch of black skin in front and behind the eyes (making the eyes look oval in shape), and brown wings. The rest of the plumage is a brilliant red to orange in color. Bill is pale and slender, while eyes are reddish-brown or pale grey.
Outside of breeding season, the males sport plumage that is considerably more drab, brown overall with some dark streaks and a cream-colored belly. The females have the same plumage year-round, which resembles that of the off-season males. The males of this species are often confused with males of the species Euplectes orix, commonly known as the southern red bishop. This bird has a black belly, however.
Distribution and habitat
This species can be found in western and central Africa. The Orange Weaver live in mangroves, thickets and swamps in coastal lagoons and along major West African rivers.
Behavior and ecology
In the wild orange weavers are polygamous, two or three females should generally be provided for each male and they make their homes in reed beds close to the surface of water. Like most other finches, these birds are colonial, with hundreds of complexly woven nests at some sites, which include palms, reeds and other trees.
They mainly feed on fruit and seeds, but also on insects (locusts, beetles, caterpillars). They are usually found in pairs or in small groups. Males build an ovoid nest with grass and palm strips. Females lay two eggs and incubate them.
Aviculture
The orange weaver is commonly kept in aviculture. They are quite hardy for small birds. Like all finches, they should be kept in groups. Because of their active nature, these finches should be housed in large aviaries. They may be housed with other, larger finches, and will generally do well in this situation. However, individual orange weavers can become quite aggressive during breeding season. Because of this, the aggressive finches must sometimes be separated from the group. Orange weavers should be fed a diet that is a balanced mixture of small cereal seeds, fresh greens and some live foods, such as meal worms.
References
External links
Avibase
orange weaver
Birds of the African tropical rainforest
orange weaver
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Onesidezero is the second studio album by Onesidezero, released on June 5, 2007.
This album was released almost six years after their major label debut Is This Room Getting Smaller.
Track listing
Personnel
Onesidezero:
Jasan Radford — vocals
Levon Sultanian — guitars, backing vocals
Cristian Hernandez — bass, backing vocals
Rob Basile — drums
References
2007 albums
Onesidezero albums
Corporate Punishment Records albums
Albums produced by Ulrich Wild
Henry Joseph Christopher Hendron (born 28 December 1980) is an English barrister who has represented several celebrity clients. In 2016, Hendron pleaded guilty to two counts of possession of a controlled drug with intent to supply, for supplying chemsex drugs that killed their boyfriend in a drug overdose the previous year. Hendron was a former national competitive kayaker, and retains the record together with their twin brother for the world's longest canoe and kayak race, the 1000 mile "Yukon 1000".
Life & education
Hendron grew up in Ealing, London where they went to Gunnersbury Boys' School, before studying politics at Royal Holloway, University of London. As a 17-year-old, Hendron addressed the 1998 Conservative Party Conference on the topic of the re-instatement of corporal punishment and longer jail terms.
In 1999 Hendron featured in a newspaper after making a citizen's arrest on a bank thief whom Hendron had physically apprehended after the bank robber fled a branch of Santander.
Hendron has a twin brother Richard, a former inspector in the police and political candidate who currently works as a criminal barrister. In 2017 Henry obtained a temporary injunction to prevent Richard evicting them from a flat. In a subsequent court hearing Richard called Henry a "drug addict" and the injunction was discharged when Henry failed to attend the hearing.
A clip of Hendron speaking in support of Brexit as an audience member of BBC Question Time went viral on Twitter.
Hendron was declared bankrupt in March 2021 due to unpaid income tax.
Criminal convictions
Hendron has 3 convictions for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Hendron was arrested in January 2015 after their 18-year-old boyfriend died of a drug overdose in Hendron's flat in Middle Temple, where a number of drugs were recovered by the police. Charged with two counts of conspiracy to supply, two counts of possession with intent to supply, and two counts of possession, Hendron initially denied all charges before changing their plea to guilty on the two counts of possession with intent to supply. One of the charges related to the Class B drug mephedrone, while the other related to the Class C drug GBL. Following the two guilty pleas, the other charges were dropped by the prosecution. Hendron was represented by their brother Richard during initial hearings, but changed counsel subsequently. In their evidence, Hendron admitted buying the drugs from then BBC Radio 3 producer Alexander Parkin, but only to share with their boyfriend and to sell on to their friends at cost price. Hendron was sentenced to a community order with 18 months' supervision and 140 hours' unpaid work.
Legal career
Hendron was called to the Bar by Middle Temple in November 2006. Hendron undertook their 'first six' months of their pupillage at the commercial and professional negligence set 4 New Square within Lincoln's Inn, and then spent the 'second six' within the Government Legal Service. Upon qualifying as a barrister Hendron's early legal career took place within the Civil Service, working for the Department for Work and Pensions and the Department of Health as it was then known. On leaving the Civil Service, they worked in commercial law in the Channel Islands before joining the London-based No 3 Fleet Street chambers.
In 2010, Hendron began offering direct access services through an online portal they established. This in turn evolved into a new chamber in 2012 where they were the Head of Chambers. Hendron has represented various high profile individuals, including The Apprentice's 2010 winner Stella English against Alan Sugar, the Earl of Cardigan against the trustees of Savernake Estate, Nadine Dorries MP against Derek Draper, and Suzanne Evans seeking an injunction against their suspension from the UK Independence Party. Hendron's relationship with the Earl of Cardigan fell apart later however, with Hendron making a claim of unpaid fees of £27,700 against the Earl in 2020.
In 2014 Hendron published a blog post containing "disparaging statements against witnesses" in the trial of their friend Nigel Evans MP. This led to Hendron being reported by the trial judge to the Attorney General for a case of "prima facie contempt of court". After referring themselves to the Bar Standards Board, they were fined £2,000 by the Bar Tribunals & Adjudication Service.
Hendron has received reprimands and fines as a result of their drink-driving convictions. Following their conviction for drug dealings, they were suspended for 3 years backdated to May 2016 after admitting to behaving in a way "which was likely to diminish the trust and confidence in which the public places in a barrister or the profession". Concurrently, they were firmly reprimanded and fined £2,000 total for failures in management as Head of Chambers around failing to pay or giving adequate notice of dismissal to a barrister who worked with them at their chambers.
Hendron was reported in 2018 to have been fined £250 by the Bar Standards Board for posting on social media that they were having lunch at Middle Temple while suspended, even though the Bar Standards Board acknowledged Hendron would have been entitled to attend the Inn as a guest of a current member. The decision to fine Hendron £250 was subsequently overturned on appeal by Hendron on the basis that the panel lacked jurisdiction under the Handbook. The Bar Standards Board accepted it lacked jurisdiction, and treated the decision to fine Hendron £250 as not being made and thereafter amended the Handbook so as to give it jurisdiction over Hendron, and then resubmitted the original complaint to a new panel who doubled the fine to £500.
As a result of their interim suspension imposed following their conviction for drug dealings, they were unable to represent one of their direct access clients who had already paid for their service for a hearing in May 2016. The client complained to the Legal Ombudsman after Hendron failed to reimburse the fee paid. Hendron was directed by the Ombudsman to reimburse the fee of £650 along with a compensation of £200, which Hendron then failed to do. For failure to comply with the Ombudsman's direction, and failure to co-operate with a follow-up complaint, they were suspended again this time for 3 months, along with a prohibition from accepting or carrying out direct access instructions for 9 months. The sanction was subsequently overturned following a discovery by the Bar Standards Board while an appeal by Hendron was pending to the High Court that as they were already suspended and non-practising at the time of the non-payment and subsequent non-co-operation, the Bar Standards Board and Legal Ombudsman lacked jurisdiction. An application by the Bar Standards Board that the case be remitted so that a new charge for failure to reimburse the £650 fee could be formulated was denied by the High Court.
Hendron was once again charged by the Bar Standards Board in 2020, in relation to their conduct during their 3 years' suspension. Nine of 18 charges of professional misconduct were found proven by the Bar Tribunals & Adjudication Service in May 2021. Three of the charges were related to them holding themselves out as a barrister providing legal services on their websites, and failure to take the website down following requests from the Bar Standards Board. Two of the charges were related to them holding themselves out as a barrister in email correspondence with a solicitor and with a lay client. Two of the charges related to them conducting reserved legal activity under the Legal Services Act 2007 by conducting litigation through serving a Notice of Acting. The final two charges related to them using inappropriate or threatening language or both in email correspondence. Apart from the matter of holding themselves out as a barrister on their websites where they were only found to have "behaved in a way which was likely to diminish the trust and confidence in which the public places in a barrister or the profession", Hendron was also found to have "behaved in a way which could reasonably be seen by the public to undermine their integrity" on all the other incidents where the charges were proven. For the misconduct, Hendron was reprimanded and prohibited from offering direct access services for two years, as well as being required to attend a training course before resuming direct access work.
Hendron unsuccessfully stood for election to the Bar Council in 2014. They again attempted to stand for election in 2020. However, their initial paperwork submitted 3 minutes before the deadline for nomination was rejected for having their initials where a signature was deemed to be required. Their re-submitted paperwork was then rejected for being a minute late.
References
External links
Personal Website
Living people
1980 births
21st-century British criminals
Alumni of Royal Holloway, University of London
Bisexual men
English male criminals
English people convicted of drug offences
Members of the Middle Temple
Twin people
Any Number Can Win is an album by the American jazz organist Jimmy Smith, arranged by Billy Byers and Claus Ogerman.
On the Billboard albums chart, Any Number Can Win peaked at number 25, and the single of Smith's "(Theme From) Any Number Can Win" peaked at 96 on both the Billboard Hot 100 and on the Hot R&B Sides chart.
Track listing
"You Came a Long Way from St. Louis" (John Benson Brooks, Bob Russell) – 4:21
"The Ape Woman" (Lalo Schifrin) – 3:21
"Georgia on My Mind" (Hoagy Carmichael, Stuart Gorrell) – 2:28
"G'won Train" (Patti Bown) – 4:21
"(Theme From) Any Number Can Win" (Michel Magne) – 2:10
"What'd I Say" (Ray Charles) – 2:51
"The Sermon" (Jimmy Smith) – 7:40
"Ruby" (Mitchell Parish, Heinz Roemheld) – 2:20
"Tubs" (Smith) – 2:48
"Blues for C.A." (Smith) – 3:43 Dedicated to Clarence Avant
Personnel
Musicians
Jimmy Smith – Hammond organ
Bob Bushnell – bass guitar (tracks 2, 5, 10)
Art Davis – double bass (tracks 1-2, 4, 9-10)
George Duvivier – double bass (tracks 6-7)
Milt Hinton – double bass (tracks 3, 8)
Ed Shaughnessy – drums (tracks 1-2, 4, 9-10)
Doug Allen – drums (tracks 3, 5, 7)
Mel Lewis – drums (tracks 6-7)
Billy Mure – guitar (tracks 3, 5, 7)
Kenny Burrell – guitar (tracks 3, 5-8)
Vince Gambella – guitar (tracks 3, 5, 7)
George Devens – percussion (tracks 1-2, 4, 9-10)
Jimmy Cleveland, Melba Liston, Paul Faulise – trombone (tracks 1-2, 4, 9-10)
Charlie Shavers – trumpet (tracks 1-2, 4)
Snooky Young – trumpet (tracks 2, 10)
Jimmy Maxwell – trumpet (tracks 1-2, 4, 9-10)
Joe Newman – trumpet (tracks 1-2, 4-5 9-10)
James Sedlar – trumpet (track 5)
Budd Johnson – woodwind (tracks 1-2, 4-5 9-10)
Jerome Richardson – woodwind (track 5)
Jerry Dodgion, Marvin Halladay, Phil Woods, Seldon Powell – woodwinds (tracks 1-2, 4, 9-10)
Technical
Creed Taylor – producer
Billy Byers – arranger (tracks 2, 4, 10)
Claus Ogerman – arranger (tracks 1, 9), conductor (tracks 1-2, 4, 9-10)
Richard Seidel – reissue production
Rudy Van Gelder, Phil Macy, Phil Ramone - recording engineers
Val Valentin - director of engineering
Chart performance
Album
Single
References
External links
Any Number Can Win at The Incredible Jimmy Smith site
1963 albums
Jimmy Smith (musician) albums
Albums arranged by Billy Byers
Albums arranged by Claus Ogerman
Albums conducted by Claus Ogerman
Albums produced by Creed Taylor
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Verve Records albums
Jalandeh (, also Romanized as Jālandeh) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 61, in 16 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Microjulodis auratus is a fossil species of beetles in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Microjulodis.
References
Prehistoric beetle genera
Daviess County ( "Davis"), is a county in Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 103,312. Its county seat is Owensboro. The county was formed from part of Ohio County on January 14, 1815.
Daviess County is included in the Owensboro, KY Metropolitan Statistical Area. Daviess County also shares its namesake with another nearby Daviess County of Indiana. Both Counties are in the Illinois-Indiana-Kentucky Tri-State Area.
History
Daviess County was established in 1815. The county is named for Major Joseph Hamilton Daveiss (a recording error in the State Clerk's office accounts for the error in spelling, which was never corrected), the United States Attorney who unsuccessfully prosecuted Aaron Burr. The county's borders were altered in 1829 to form Hancock County, in 1830 to absorb a small area surrounding Whitesville, in 1854 to cede land to McLean County, and finally in 1860 to annex from Henderson County.
The courthouse was burned in January 1865 during the American Civil War, but the county records were spared destruction because they had been transferred to a church.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.8%) is water. The northern half of the county along the Ohio River is relatively flat, with a few rolling hills dotting the landscape. The southern portion is mostly rolling hills mixed with flat valleys. The southern portion was mined for coal in the past, especially in the rolling hills along Panther Creek and other streams.
Adjacent counties
Warrick County, Indiana (northwest)
Spencer County, Indiana (northeast)
Hancock County (east)
Ohio County (southeast)
McLean County (southwest)
Henderson County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2010, there were 96,656 people, 36,033 households, and 24,826 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 38,432 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.69% White, 4.35% Black or African American, 0.13% Native American, 0.43% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.44% from other races, and 0.94% from two or more races. 0.92% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 36,033 households, out of which 32.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.60% were married couples living together, 11.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.10% were non-families. 27.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.00.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.80% under the age of 18, 9.00% from 18 to 24, 28.40% from 25 to 44, 23.00% from 45 to 64, and 13.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,813, and the median income for a family was $45,404. Males had a median income of $35,295 versus $21,971 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,739. About 9.40% of families and 12.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.60% of those under age 18 and 11.40% of those age 65 or over.
Economy
Distilling
Daviess County has long had a reputation as the leading center of the production of distilled spirits, chiefly Kentucky bourbon. Walter McFarland, who moved here from North Carolina, began making whiskey and peach brandy in about 1804 on a estate just south of Panther Creek, on today's U.S. 431. Cornelius Westerfield also began distilling corn whiskey in the early 1800s on their farm southwest of Whitesville, Kentucky, on Deserter Creek. It finally closed in 1872, after more than 60 years of production.
By the 1880s, 18 large distilleries operated in Daviess County at the same time. Today only three remain. One dates back to 1869, the former Glenmore Distillery Company, which was originally the R. Monarch Distillery. Charles Medley Distillers Kentucky is at least the 59th distillery in the county's history.
Trinidad-based Angostura Limited bought the Medley Distillery in 2007 with plans to make its entrance into the world's bourbon market, but the severe global recession slowed plans for starting bourbon production in Daviess County for the first time since 1992.
The following is list of distilleries operating in 1883
Owensboro Distilling Company, founded 1880
Sour-Mash Distilling Company, founded 1868
Hill, Perkins and Company, founded 1880
Rock Spring Distillery, founded 1881
Hill and Perkins Distillery, founded 1866
R. Monarch Distillery, founded 1869, acquired and renamed in 1901 Glenmore Distillery Company
E.P. Millet and Company, founded 1880
John Thixton Distillery Company
John Hanning Distillery Company, founded 1869
Eagle Distillery Company, founded 1869
Daviess county Distilling Company, founded April 16, 1874
M.P. Mattingly's Distyillery, founded 1855
Daviess County Club Distillery, founded 1880
J.W.M. Field Distillery, founded February 3, 1873
J.T. Welch Distilling Company, founded March 1, 1881
Boulware and Wilhoute's Distillery, founded 1880
C.L. Appelgate and Company distillery, founded 1879 at Yelvington, Kentucky
Coal mining
The southwestern portion of the county around the Panther Creek area was heavily mined through the 1960s till the early 1990s. After 1998 large tracts of mined land were left unclaimed. Then after a lengthy search for contractors by the state government's Division of Abandoned Mine Lands, work commenced on the largest tract, a tract once part of the now defunct Green Coal Company. The of unclaimed land were part of Green Coal Company's mine once known as the "Panther Surface Mine". Green Coal Company was a staple mining company in Daviess County and was based nearby in Henderson.
Reclamation work commenced at the site on November 8, 1999, and was completed April 14, 2000. The licensed blaster employed by the contractor blasted the highwall into the pit, resulting in a reduced effort to grade and dress the final slope. Enough topsoil was gained from the area above the highwall to allow a growing medium for re-vegetation purposes. Through innovative field techniques and extraordinary cooperation from the contractor, this site has been returned to a very safe, stable and productive property. All of this project was reclaimed expending $127,538.82 of the available bond. The land is now safe for the public and is considered prime farm property once again.
Politics
Communities
Cities
Owensboro (county seat)
Whitesville
Census-designated places
Curdsville
Knottsville
Maceo
Masonville
Moseleyville
Panther
Philpot
Pleasant Ridge
Sorgho
St. Joseph
Stanley
Thruston
Utica
West Louisville
Yelvington
Other unincorporated communities
West Daviess
Birk City
Browns Valley
Delaware
Friendly Village
Livia
Pettit
Rome
Sutherland
Tuck
East Daviess
Dermont
Ensor
Gatewood
Habit
Scythia
Spice Knob
See also
List of Sheriffs of Daviess County, Kentucky
National Register of Historic Places listings in Daviess County, Kentucky
References
External links
Daviess County government's website
Kentucky counties
Kentucky counties on the Ohio River
1815 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1815
Owensboro metropolitan area
Forkhead box O6 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the FOXO6 gene.
FoxO6 is expressed in the liver, skeletal muscle, and the hippocampus of the brain. In the liver, FoxO6 normally promotes gluconeogenesis in the fasted state, but insulin blocks Fox06 upon feeding. In a condition of insulin resistance insulin fails to block FoxO6 resulting in continued gluconeogenesis even upon feeding.
References
Further reading
Forkhead transcription factors
Sir George Howard (c.1525–1580) was an English courtier, politician, author and diplomat, and the brother of King Henry VIII's fifth queen, Catherine Howard. Howard held offices at court under four monarchs, Henry VIII, Edward VI, Mary I, and Elizabeth I, most notably the office of Master of the Armoury, and undertook several diplomatic missions. A masque written by Howard was produced at court during the reign of Edward VI, and they are mentioned by name in the Langham letter, which describes the Earl of Leicester's entertainment of Queen Elizabeth at Kenilworth Castle in July 1575.
Life
Howard was the third son of Lord Edmund Howard (c.1478 – 19 March 1539), the third son of Thomas Howard, 2nd Duke of Norfolk by their first wife, Elizabeth Tilney. Lord Edmund Howard was reputed a spendthrift who wasted the lands they obtained through their first marriage to Joyce Culpeper, the daughter and coheir of Sir Richard Culpeper of Oxen Hoath, Kent, and 'fled abroad to avoid their creditors', leaving their children by them to be brought up by relatives. It thus seems likely that Sir George, like their sister Katherine, later Queen Katherine Howard, spent part of their early life in the household of their step-grandmother, the Dowager Duchess of Norfolk.
Howard's father died on 19 March 1539, 'overwhelmed by debts'. However Howard's financial situation was alleviated in 1540 when their sister, Katherine, married King Henry VIII as their fifth wife. The King granted Howard a pension of 100 marks, several manors, and, together with their brother Charles, a licence to import Gascon wine. On 13 February 1542, however, Howard's sister Katherine was executed for treason, and Howard turned to soldiering, serving as a captain at Boulogne in 1546, and as a standard-bearer at the Battle of Pinkie in 1547, for which latter service their 'forward courage' was noted and they were knighted by Somerset on 28 September 1547. Howard campaigned again in Scotland in 1548, and was sent on a diplomatic mission to King Henry II of France in May 1551.
Howard sat as the member for Devizes during the first Parliament of King Edward VI. Their masque, The Triumph of Cupid, Venus and Mars, was produced at court during the Christmas season of 1552-1553 by George Ferrers.
After the young King's death on 6 July 1553, Howard at first joined Northumberland's forces, but is said to have quarreled with Northumberland's son, and speedily taken 50 horse to join the forces supporting Queen Mary. On their accession the Queen at first treated Howard with suspicion, but in January 1554 granted them an annuity of £200. Howard further demonstrated their allegiance by serving with their uncle, Thomas Howard, 3rd Duke of Norfolk, in putting down Wyatt's rebellion in that year. When Norfolk died on 25 August 1554, Howard was a chief mourner.
Howard was appointed carver to Queen Mary's husband, Philip II of Spain, but was unable to take up the position when the King arrived in England in 1554 with their own entourage of Spanish servants. They were sent on a diplomatic mission to the Emperor in the same year, and later sat as a member of Parliament for Rochester in Kent. In 1558 they sat as member for Winchelsea.
Howard's cousin Elizabeth acceded to the throne in November 1558. Howard was with the court at Kenilworth Castle when the Queen's favourite, the Earl of Leicester, entertained the Queen there in lavish splendour in July 1575. In the Langham Letter, which describes the Kenilworth entertainment in lively detail, the author refers to Howard as someone with whom they are on friendly terms: 'In afternoons and a night, sumtime am I with the right woorshipfull Syr George Howard, az good a Gentlman as ony lyves: And sumtime at my good Lady Sydneyz chamber, a Noblwooman, that I am az mooch boound untoo, az ony poor man may be untoo so gracious a Lady'.  They are one of the few courtiers mentioned by name in the Letter.
In 1560 they were given the position of Master of the Armouries for life and by 1579 the Queen had appointed them a Gentleman Usher of the Privy Chamber. In their latter years Howard lived in Kent, where they served as a Justice of the Peace and was certified by Archbishop Matthew Parker as 'favourable to sound religion'.
Howard died in 1580.
Footnotes
References
External links
Mention of George Ferrers' production of Sir George Howard's The Triumph of Cupid
1510s births
1580 deaths
George Howard (courtier)
Culpeper family
16th-century English writers
16th-century male writers
English knights
Year of birth uncertain
English MPs 1547–1552
English MPs 1555
English MPs 1558
English MPs 1559
English MPs 1563–1567
English courtiers
Court of Henry VIII
Court of Mary I of England
Court of Elizabeth I
Uncomfortable science, as identified by statistician John Tukey, comprises situations in which there is a need to draw an inference from a limited sample of data, where further samples influenced by the same because system will not be available. More specifically, it involves the analysis of a finite natural phenomenon for which it is difficult to overcome the problem of using a common sample of data for both exploratory data analysis and confirmatory data analysis. This leads to the danger of systematic bias through testing hypotheses suggested by the data.
A typical example is Bode's law, which provides a simple numerical rule for the distances of the planets in the Solar System from the Sun. Once the rule has been derived, through the trial and error matching of various rules with the observed data (exploratory data analysis), there are not enough planets remaining for a rigorous and independent test of the hypothesis (confirmatory data analysis). We have exhausted the natural phenomena. The agreement between data and the numerical rule should be no surprise, as we have deliberately chosen the rule to match the data. If we are concerned about what Bode's law tells us about the cause system of planetary distribution then we demand confirmation that will not be available until better information about other planetary systems becomes available.
See also
Cosmic variance for an extreme example of this phenomenon
Data mining
Bibliography
References
Philosophy of statistics
Statistical hypothesis testing
Charles Radford (19 March 1900 – 14 July 1924) was an English footballer who played as a full-back, having been converted from centre-forward early in their career. Born in Walsall, they played for Walsall and Manchester United. They died in a motorcycle accident in 1924.
Career
Radford began their career as a schoolboy playing as a centre-forward, and was twice capped for the England Schoolboys team in 1914. They began their senior career with Walsall in the Birmingham & District League before signing for Manchester United in May 1920. However, they were unable to break into either the first team or the reserves as a forward, so they were tried out at right-back for much of the 1920–21 Central League season. With the reserves having won the Central League title that year, Radford was given their first-team debut in the final game of the 1920–21 Football League season – a 3–0 win at home to Derby County on 7 May 1921.
Radford became Manchester United's regular right-back for the 1921–22 season, playing in 26 of their 42 league matches; however, they were unable to prevent them from finishing bottom of the First Division with the worst defensive record in the division. The following season, they missed just eight league matches, and scored their first goal for Manchester United in a 2–1 home win over Blackpool on 7 April 1923. They missed a further 12 matches in 1923–24, including the last eight games of the season, which they missed due to suspension, having been sent off in a match against Nelson in March 1924. They never played for Manchester United again as they were killed in a motorcycle accident in Wolverhampton in July 1924. Their last game for the club came in a 1–1 draw away to Hull City on 22 March 1924.
References
General
Specific
External links
Profile at StretfordEnd.co.uk
1900 births
Sportspeople from Walsall
1924 deaths
Motorcycle road incident deaths
English footballers
Walsall F.C. players
Manchester United F.C. players
Road incident deaths in England
Association football defenders
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1630.
Events
April 10 – English literature, drama, and education lose a major patron and benefactor when William Herbert, 3rd Earl of Pembroke and Lord Chamberlain of England, dies at Baynard's Castle in London.
June – Scottish-born Presbyterian Alexander Leighton is brought before Archbishop William Laud's Star Chamber court in England for publishing the seditious pamphlet An Appeale to the Parliament, or, Sions Plea Against the Prelacy (printed in the Netherlands, 1628).  They are sentenced to be pilloried and whipped, have their ears cropped, one side of their nose slit, and their face branded with "SS" (for "sower of sedition"), to be imprisoned, and be degraded from holy orders.
New books
Prose
Johann Heinrich Alsted – Encyclopaedia
Thomas Dekker – London Look Back
Thomas Randolph – Aristippus, or The Jovial Philosopher and The Conceited Pedlar (in one volume)
Drama
Anonymous – Pathomachia (published)
John Clavell – The Soddered Citizen
Sir William Davenant – The Cruel Brother and The Just Italian (published)
Lope de Vega – El amor enamorado
Thomas Dekker – The Honest Whore, Part 2 (published)
Philip Massinger – The Picture and The Renegado (published)
Antonio Hurtado de Mendoza – Cada loco con su tema o el montañés indiano
Thomas Middleton – A Chaste Maid in Cheapside (published)
Thomas Randolph
Aristippus
Amyntas, or the Impossible Dowry
Poetry
Lope de Vega – El laurel de Apolo
Diana Primrose – A Chaine of Pearle; or a memoriall of the peerless graces, and heroick vertues of Queene Elizabeth
John Taylor – All the Workes of John Taylor the Water-Poet
Births
January 19 – Noel Alexandre, French theologian (died 1724)
February 8 – Pierre Daniel Huet, French scholar and bishop (died 1721)
February 28 – Matthias Tanner, Bohemian theologian and polymath (died 1692)
September 13 – Olaus Rudbeck, Swedish scientist and author (died 1702)
October 31 (baptised) – John Spencer, English scholar and cleric (died 1693)
October – Isaac Barrow, English theologian and mathematician (died 1677)
November 24 – Étienne Baluze, French scholar (died 1718)
December 17 – Kaibara Ekken (貝原 益軒), Japanese philosopher and botanist (died 1714)
Unknown date – Thomas Tanner, English writer and cleric (died 1682)
Probable year of birth
Vincent Alsop, English Nonconformist religious writer and wit (died 1703)
Dorothy White, English Quaker pamphleteer (died 1686)
Deaths
February 5 – Michael Rabbet, English Bible translator and cleric (born c. 1562)
March 16 – Sylvester Norris, English priest and controversialist (born c. 1570)
April 29 – Agrippa d'Aubigné, French Protestant poet and dramatist (born 1552)
July 3 – Sigismondo Boldoni, Italian writer, poet, and physician (born 1597)
August 11 – Thomas Walsingham, English courtier and literary patron (born c. 1561)
October 10 – John Heminges, English actor and co-editor of the First Folio (born c. 1556)
November 5 – Charles Malapert, Jesuit writer from Spanish Netherlands (born 1581)
December 30 – Matthias Martinius, German Calvinist theologian (born 1572)
Approximate dates – Samuel Rowlands, English pamphleteer (born c. 1573)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Pets As Therapy (PAT) in the UK is a charity founded in 1983 which provides visiting dogs and cats to establishments where pets are otherwise not available. There are currently around 4,500 active visiting dogs and 108 cats at work in the UK. They visit all kinds of organisations across the UK from schools to homes for older people.
Organisations which the organisation works with include Cheshire and Wirral Partnership NHS Foundation Trust, Pennine Acute Hospitals NHS Trust, and East Surrey Hospital.
See also
Therapy dog
Animal-assisted therapy
References
External links
Pets As Therapy
Animal-assisted therapy
Working dogs
Charities based in England
Frank N. Seerley (November 21, 1859 – 1946) was an American football coach. They served as the head football coach at their alma mater, the Springfield YMCA Training School—now known as Springfield College—in Springfield, Massachusetts from 1892 to 1894, compiling a record of 7–3–2. They were the brother of Homer Horatio Seerley, president of the Iowa State Normal School / Iowa State Teachers College—now known as University of Northern Iowa—from 1886 to 1928.
References
External links
1859 births
1946 deaths
Springfield Pride football coaches
Springfield College (Massachusetts) alumni
University of Northern Iowa alumni
People from Keokuk County, Iowa
Sir Paul Hunter Adams (born ) is a New Zealand business person and philanthropist. In the 2015 New Year Honours, they were appointed a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to business and philanthropy. They were elevated to Knight Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to philanthropy and the community, in the 2019 Queen's Birthday Honours.
References
New Zealand businesspeople
Knights Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit
Businesspeople awarded knighthoods
Year of birth uncertain
Date of birth missing (living people)
1940s births
Living people
Greg Kane (born Gregory Philip Kane, 11 September 1966, Glasgow, Scotland) is a Scottish musician, and co-member of Hue and Cry.
A classically trained pianist, prior to Hue and Cry's formation, they were the saxophonist in Valerie and the Week of Wonders, which featured the Scottish artist Gerard Burns on vocals and Brian McFie, who went on to be the lead guitarist with The Big Dish.
Kane played on, and co-produced Jim Diamond's album, City of Soul, released by Camino Records (catalogue number CAMCD40, release date 3 October 2011). All proceeds from this album of soul covers benefited the children's charity, Radio Clyde Cash For Kids.
References
1966 births
Living people
20th-century Scottish male singers
Scottish pop singers
Musicians from Glasgow
Nathalie Dechy and Amélie Mauresmo were the defending champions and successfully defended their title, defeating Martina Navratilova and Dinara Safina in the final, 6–3, 6–4.
Draw
Final
Group A
Standings are determined by: 1. number of wins; 2. number of matches; 3. in three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 4. steering-committee decision.
Group B
Standings are determined by: 1. number of wins; 2. number of matches; 3. in three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 4. steering-committee decision.
References
Main Draw
Women's Legends Doubles
Mark Smith (September 24, 1973 – November 22, 2011) was an American professional wrestler, better known by their ring name, Bison Smith. He's best known for their appearances with Pro Wrestling Noah in Japan; and World Wrestling Council and International Wrestling Association in Puerto Rico. In January 2009, they joined the American promotion Ring of Honor.
After being trained by Donovan Morgan and Michael Modest, Smith began wrestling on the independent circuit. They began competing for the International Wrestling Association in Puerto Rico in 2003, and has held the IWA World Heavyweight Championship on two occasions, the IWA World Tag Team Championship once, the IWA Intercontinental Heavyweight Championship once, and the IWA Hardcore Championship one time. They also wrestled for Pro Wrestling Noah, and on May 23, 2008, they won the GHC Tag Team Championship with Akitoshi Saito and again on April 14, 2010, with Keith Walker. They also won the Global Tag League tournament with Saito in 2008. In January 2009, they debuted for Ring of Honor, where they were pushed as "unstoppable", before they joined Prince Nana's Embassy faction.
Early life and career
Smith was born and raised in Fresno, California. They began weightlifting at the age of 13. They played American football at the University of Colorado, where they were an offensive lineman. After their final year at college, Smith worked as a furniture mover. They later moved to Colorado.
Professional wrestling career
Training and early career
While in California Smith trained at the Pro Wrestling promotion under Donovan Morgan and Mike Modest. They debuted in 1998. They also wrestled under a mask in 2000 as "Super Destroyer 2000" managed by Buddy Sotello Esq. as part of the "Sotello Syndicate", along with tag team partner Vinnie "the Innovator" Massaro.
Independent and Japanese promotions
Smith toured in Japan first in July 2001. On June 7, 2003, Smith won the Pro Wrestling IRON Heavyweight Championship, by defeating Bart Blaxson, and held the title for nearly two years before they dropped it on April 28, 2005 to California wrestler Malachi. They competed for the International Wrestling Association (IWA) in Puerto Rico, where, on November 1, 2003, they defeated Glamour Boy Shane to win the IWA World Heavyweight Championship, which they held for over a month, before losing it back to Glamour Boy Shane. On July 16, 2004, they defeated Slash Venom to win the vacant IWA Hardcore Championship. They lost it later that month to Chet Jablonski. On September 25, 2004, Smith won the New Breed Wrestling Association's top championship, the NBWA Championship, when they and Morgan defeated B. J. Whitmer and ODB in a tag team match, where the person who won the pin, won the Championship. They competed sporadically for the next few months, and won the IWA Intercontinental Heavyweight Championship from Glamour Boy Shane on November 20, 2005. They held the Championship for over a year, before losing it to Slash Venom on December 12, 2005 in a steel cage match.
They began competing for the Japanese promotion, Pro Wrestling Noah, in 2005, where they competed mainly in tag team matches. They made their Pro Wrestling Noah debut on May 29, 2005, where he, Akitoshi Saito, and Takashi Sugiura defeated Akira Taue, Takuma Sano, and Jun Izumida. In their next appearance two days later, Smith and Low Ki were defeated by KENTA and Kenta Kobashi. They teamed with fellow Americans, and their trainers, Michael Modest and Donovan Morgan in June to defeat Takeshi Rikio, Muhammad Yone, and Yoshinobu Kanemaru, which was followed by a defeat for their team, also including Akitoshi Saito and Masao Inoue, to Mitsuharu Misawa, Akira Taue, and Jun Izumida. Smith didn't appear again in Pro Wrestling Noah until they went on a tour with them in November 2005, where they usually teamed up with fellow "gaijins", or foreigners, most commonly Low Ki. They also teamed with Nigel McGuinness, Doug Williams and Scorpio on various occasions throughout November and December 2005.
At the start of 2006, Smith returned to the United States, where they began competing for New Wrestling Superstars. In August 2006, Smith began regularly wrestling for Fusion Pro Wrestling. They also wrestled for the American Wrestling Federation (AWF), and on November 11, 2006, they won the AWF Heavyweight Championship by defeating Steve Gatorwolf. In July 2007, they returned to the IWA in Puerto Rico, where they won the IWA World Heavyweight title for the second time by defeating Chicano on July 15. They later lost the Championship to Blitz on September 30, 2007. In October 2007, while touring Japan with Pro Wrestling Noah, they suffered a broken breastbone. In 2008, they returned to Pro Wrestling Noah, and, with Akitoshi Saito, won the GHC Tag Team Championship on May 23, by defeating Naomichi Marufuji and Takashi Sugiura. Smith and Saito also won the Global Tag League 2008. On April 14, 2010, Smith teamed up with Keith Walker to win the GHC Tag Team Championship from Takeshi Rikioh and Muhammad Yone. On August 31, however, Walker's father died. Walker later chose not to immediately return to Japan, and on September 10 both Smith and Walker were stripped of the GHC Tag Team Championship. On January 15, 2011, Smith unsuccessfully challenged Takashi Sugiura for the GHC Heavyweight Championship.
Ring of Honor
Smith made their Ring of Honor (ROH) debut at Full Circle on January 16, 2009 in Manassas, Virginia by interrupting a match between Rhett Titus and Sean Denny, and attacking both men. The next night at Injustice II, Smith interrupted a match between Grizzly Redwood and Chris Escobar, and attacked both men. At the Caged Collision pay-per-view, which was taped on January 31, Smith attacked Bryan Danielson, during a number one contender's match, powerbombing them on the floor and giving them a concussion. Smith made their in-ring debut on February 6, at Proving Ground 2009 Night One. They quickly defeated Sal Rinauro gaining the victory with the Skull Vise Slam. The next night at Proving Ground Night Two, Smith gained their second victory, defeating John Kermon. On the March 4 edition of the ROH Video Wire, it was revealed that Prince Nana, a manager who had just recently returned to ROH, was controlling Smith. Smith had their first loss in ROH on March 13 at Stylin' and Profilin, when they lost to Danielson by countout. Smith made their debut in the Hammerstein Ballroom in New York City in a losing effort teaming with the returning Jimmy Rave against Danielson and the returning Colt Cabana on March 21. Smith, with Rave and Ernie Osiris, then joined the newly reformed Embassy faction, led by Prince Nana.
Death
Smith died on November 22, 2011 in Puerto Rico due to heart complications. Smith was in Puerto Rico because they were due to fight Eddie Colon the same week during World Wrestling Council's Crossfire show. The event started with a tribute to Smith by Willie Urbina with the WWC roster in the arena.
Championships and accomplishments All Pro WrestlingAPW Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Boyce LeGrandeAmerican Wrestling FederationAWF Heavyweight Championship (1 time)International Wrestling AssociationIWA World Heavyweight Championship (2 times)
IWA Intercontinental Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
IWA Hardcore Championship (1 time)
IWA World Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Miguel PerezNew Breed Wrestling AssociationNBWA Heavyweight Championship (1 time)Pro Wrestling Illustrated''PWI ranked them #196 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2010Pro Wrestling IRONPWI Heavyweight Championship (1 time)Pro Wrestling Noah'''
GHC Tag Team Championship (2 times) – with Akitoshi Saito (1) and Keith Walker (1)
Global Tag League (2008) – with Akitoshi Saito
Global Tag League Outstanding Performance (2009)- with Akitoshi Saito
Global Tag League Technique Prize (2011)- with Masao Inoue
References
External links
Profile at Green Destiny
Profile at Purolove.com
Interview with Bison Smith
1973 births
2011 deaths
21st-century professional wrestlers
People from Fresno, California
Colorado Buffaloes football players
American male professional wrestlers
Professional wrestlers from California
GHC Tag Team Champions
Walton Rural Life Center is an agricultural charter elementary school in Walton, Kansas, United States, and operated by Newton USD 373 public school district. During the 2015–2016 school year, there were 210 students at Walton Rural Life Center. They teach students from kindergarten to 4th grade, and there are two classes for each grade.
History
Walton Public Schools provided elementary, junior high, and high school education for decades before it merged with Newton USD 373 public school district.
In 2006, the Walton Elementary School was converted into the Walton Rural Life Center charter school.
Academics
Walton Rural Life Center is one out of two charter schools that is agriculture based, the other one being a school in Ohio. Walton Rural Life Center also teaches its students about math, science, agriculture, reducing, reusing, and composting.
Walton Rural Life Center was the first public elementary school in the United States to add agriculture to its curriculum. The teachers design projects based on subjects that interest the students. Math, science, and agriculture are the main concepts studied. Instead of reading from a textbook, students experience hands-on learning. The school has farm animals and Kindergarten through fourth graders take turns doing chores and feeding the animals. For example, the students gather eggs, clean them, and check them for cracks. When this is all done, they sell the eggs and decide what to do with the money they earned. The school also has a greenhouse where the students grow flowers, plants, and vegetables.
Film
Using Agriculture to Spur Achievement : The Walton 21st Century Rural Life Center, 2011, U.S. Department of Education filmed a documentary at the Walton 21st Century Rural Life Center charter elementary school in November 2010. The crew also interviewed farm families, teachers, students, and community members. The resulting video will be featured on their website, highlighting the center as a best practices model of innovation in education.
References
External links
USD 373, school district for Newton, North Newton, Walton
USD 373 School District Boundary Map, KDOT
Articles
Walton school's growing pains - Hutchinson News - February 12, 2017
Murky future: Walton school - The Kansan - February 2, 2017
Editorial: Walton needs a little love - The Kansan -January 28, 2017
Schools in Harvey County, Kansas
Public elementary schools in Kansas
Harvey County (county code HV) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 34,024. Its county seat and most populous city is Newton.
History
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state.
In 1871, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway extended a main line from Emporia to Newton.
In 1872, Harvey County was founded, and named in honor of the fifth Governor of Kansas James M. Harvey.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water. The Little Arkansas River flows through the county.
Adjacent counties
Marion County (northeast)
Butler County (east)
Sedgwick County (south)
Reno County (west)
McPherson County (northwest)
Demographics
Harvey County is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 32,869 people, 12,581 households, and 8,932 families residing in the county. The population density was 61 people per square mile (24/km2). There were 13,378 housing units at an average density of 25 per square mile (10/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 91.04% White, 1.59% Black or African American, 0.52% Native American, 0.52% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 4.17% from other races, and 2.14% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.97% of the population.
There were 12,581 households, out of which 32.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.20% were married couples living together, 7.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.00% were non-families. 25.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.00.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.00% under the age of 18, 9.10% from 18 to 24, 26.50% from 25 to 44, 21.60% from 45 to 64, and 16.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $40,907, and the median income for a family was $48,793. Males had a median income of $35,037 versus $22,492 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,715. About 4.20% of families and 6.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 7.50% of those under age 18 and 5.00% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 1996, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement.
The county voted "No" on the 2022 Kansas Value Them Both Amendment, an anti-abortion ballot measure, by 53% to 47% despite backing Donald Trump with 59% of the vote to Joe Biden's 39% in the 2020 presidential election.
Education
Colleges
Bethel College in North Newton
Hesston College in Hesston
Unified school districts
Burrton USD 369
Newton USD 373
Sedgwick USD 439
Halstead–Bentley USD 440
Hesston USD 460
School district office in neighboring county
Remington USD 206
Peabody–Burns USD 398
Goessel USD 411
Moundridge USD 423
Communities
Cities
Burrton
Halstead
Hesston
Newton
North Newton
Sedgwick
Walton
Unincorporated communities
McLain
Patterson
Putnam
Zimmerdale
Ghost town
Annelly
Van Arsdale
Townships
Harvey County is divided into fifteen townships. The cities of Halstead and Newton are considered governmentally independent and are excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Harvey County, Kansas
List of people from Harvey County, Kansas
March 1990 Central US tornado outbreak
Chisholm Trail
References
Notes
Further reading
County
Mitchell Map of Harvey County, Kansas; Grant Mitchell; 15 pages; 1926.
Standard Atlas of Harvey County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 70 pages; 1918.
Plat Book of Harvey County, Kansas; North West Publishing Co; 34 pages; 1902.
Historical Atlas of Harvey County, Kansas; 33 pages; John P. Edwards; 1882.
Newton
Bernhard Warkentin and the Kansas Mennonite Pioneers; David A. Haury; Mennonite Life; December 1974.
External links
County
Harvey County - Directory of Public Officials
Harvey County - Economic Development Council
Historical
Harvey County Historical Society
Harvey County Genealogical Society
Kansas State Historical Society
Maps
Harvey County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1872 establishments in Kansas
Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area
Populated places established in 1872
Erich Karkoschka (born 1955) is a planetary researcher at the Lunar and Planetary Laboratory of the University of Arizona. They discovered a satellite of Uranus, S/1986 U 10 (later named Perdita) on photographs taken by the Voyager 2 spacecraft. They have assembled a number of movies including: the Huygens landing on the Titan moon, the seasonal patterns on Uranus, and a rare triple eclipse on Jupiter. The Jupiter and Uranus images were released as US postage stamps in 2016.
Their book, The Observer's Sky Atlas, has been translated into several languages as a resource for those interested in observing the sky.
An asteroid, 30786 Karkoschka (1988 QC), is named in their honour.
References
American astronomers
Living people
University of Arizona faculty
1955 births
Planetary scientists
Alexandr Dolgopolov and Xavier Malisse defeated Roger Federer and Stanislas Wawrinka in the final, 6–4, 6–7(5–7), [10–7] to win the men's doubles tennis title at the 2011 Indian Wells Masters.
Marc López and Rafael Nadal were the defending champions, but lost in the semifinals to Federer and Wawrinka.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
BNP Paribas Open – Men's Doubles
2011 BNP Paribas Open
Nicholas Solovioff (1927–1994) was an American artist.
Solovioff was a prolific illustrator, having done covers for The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction, Fortune, Sports Illustrated, Horizon, Readers Digest and the Smithsonian Institution. They also illustrated articles in Fortune and illustrated some of the Time-Life books. They specialized in illustrating architecture, technology, science and nature. In addition to illustrations for magazines, they did technical illustration for government contracted technical manuals and architectural proposals for Philip Johnson and Skidmore, Owings and Merrill. They were the artist in residence for the Port of New York Authority. They were known for their work featuring the bar at Oscar's Delmonico also know as Delmonico's.
Solovioff was educated at Harvard University, where they began studying astronomy, physics and math, but they eventually switched to art history. After obtaining a BA, they got an MFA from Harvard and all but completed a Ph.D. as well. They taught art history, drawing, painting and sculpture at the Fogg Museum of Art while working towards a Ph.D. They also taught at the Parsons School of Design. Solovioff served in World War II in the United States Army and later as a combat artist for the United States Marine Corps in Vietnam.
References
Biography
1927 births
1994 deaths
American illustrators
United States Army personnel of World War II
Harvard University alumni
Harvard University faculty
Parsons School of Design faculty
American war artists
Vietnam War artists
United States Marine Corps personnel of the Vietnam War
Pradip Kumar Amat (born 18 October 1952) is the former finance minister of Odisha, India.
They had studied LLB, M.A and was an advocate by profession.
They were elected as MLA from Boudh at Odisha Assembly. during 2000–2004, 2004–2009,2009–2014 and 2014–2019, 2019 incumbent They were inducted into Naveen Patnaik's Cabinet as Forest & Environment, Panchayati Raj & Drinking Water, Information & Public Relations Minister in June 2022.
References
1952 births
Speakers of the Odisha Legislative Assembly
People from Boudh district
Living people
Odisha MLAs 2000–2004
Odisha MLAs 2004–2009
Odisha MLAs 2009–2014
Odisha MLAs 2014–2019
Odisha MLAs 2019–2024
The Wan Chai Pak Tai Temple, also known as Yuk Hui Kung, is located on Lung On Street in Wan Chai, Hong Kong. It was built by locals in 1863.
The temple is dedicated to Pak Tai, a martial deity, and houses a Ming Dynasty statue of Pak Tai built in 1603, as well as a number of antique bells cast in 1863. It is decorated with a large number of lotus lanterns.
The Temple consists of the main building and two annexes. The main building is dedicated to the worship of Pak Tai. Connected to the left of the Yuk Hui Temple is a Hall of Lung Mo () and a Hall of God of Wealth () and to its right a Hall of Three Treasures () and the keeper's quarters which are probably later additions.
The temple is a declared monument of Hong Kong.
References
External links
Chinese Temples Committee. Yuk Hui Temple (Pak Tai Temple), Wan Chai)
Antiquities and Monuments Office. Yuk Hui Temple, Wan Chai
Antiquities and Monuments Office. Heritage Appraisal. Yuk Hui Temple, Wan Chai
Antiquities Advisory Board. Picture of Temple of God of Wealth at Yuk Hui Temple
1863 establishments in Hong Kong
Buildings and structures completed in 1863
Declared monuments of Hong Kong
Taoist temples in Hong Kong
Wan Chai
In statistics, the Bonferroni correction is a method to counteract the multiple comparisons problem. Bonferroni correction is the simplest method for counteracting this; however, it is a conservative method that gives greater risk of failure to reject a false null hypothesis than other methods, as it ignores potentially valuable information, such as the distribution of p-values across all comparisons (which, if the null hypothesis is correct for all comparisons, is expected to take a uniform distribution).
Of note, the Bonferroni correction controls for family-wise error rate (relating to the null hypothesis being true for all comparisons simultaneously, and alternatively that the null hypothesis is false for at least one test). Alternative approaches, such as the Benjamini–Hochberg procedure, are explicitly designed to control error rate when detecting individual "discoveries", and are thus more appropriate in many scenarios, such as the detection of differentially expressed genes in bioinformatics. This method is named after Carlo Bonferroni.
Background
The method is named for its use of the Bonferroni inequalities.
An extension of the method to confidence intervals was proposed by Olive Jean Dunn.
Statistical hypothesis testing is based on rejecting the null hypothesis if the likelihood of the observed data under the null hypotheses is low. If multiple hypotheses are tested, the probability of observing a rare event increases, and therefore, the likelihood of incorrectly rejecting a null hypothesis (i.e., making a Type I error) increases.
The Bonferroni correction compensates for that increase by testing each individual hypothesis at a significance level of , where is the desired overall alpha level and is the number of hypotheses. For example, if a trial is testing hypotheses with a desired , then the Bonferroni correction would test each individual hypothesis at . Likewise, when constructing multiple confidence intervals the same phenomenon appears.
Definition
Let be a family of hypotheses and their corresponding p-values. Let be the total number of null hypotheses, and let be the number of true null hypotheses (which is presumably unknown to the researcher). The familywise error rate (FWER) is the probability of rejecting at least one true , that is, of making at least one type I error. The Bonferroni correction rejects the null hypothesis for each , thereby controlling the FWER at . Proof of this control follows from Boole's inequality, as follows:
This control does not require any assumptions about dependence among the p-values or about how many of the null hypotheses are true.
Extensions
Generalization
Rather than testing each hypothesis at the level, the hypotheses may be tested at any other combination of levels that add up to , provided that the level of each test is decided before looking at the data. For example, for two hypothesis tests, an overall of 0.05 could be maintained by conducting one test at 0.04 and the other at 0.01.
Confidence intervals
The procedure proposed by Dunn can be used to adjust confidence intervals. If one establishes confidence intervals, and wishes to have an overall confidence level of , each individual confidence interval can be adjusted to the level of .
Continuous problems
When searching for a signal in a continuous parameter space there can also be a problem of multiple comparisons, or look-elsewhere effect. For example, a physicist might be looking to discover a particle of unknown mass by considering a large range of masses; this was the case during the Nobel Prize winning detection of the Higgs boson. In such cases, one can apply a continuous generalization of the Bonferroni correction by employing Bayesian logic to relate the effective number of trials, , to the prior-to-posterior volume ratio.
Alternatives
There are alternative ways to control the familywise error rate.
For example, the Holm–Bonferroni method and the Šidák correction are universally more powerful procedures than the Bonferroni correction, meaning that they are always at least as powerful. Unlike the Bonferroni procedure, these methods do not control the expected number of Type I errors per family (the per-family Type I error rate).
Criticism
With respect to FWER control, the Bonferroni correction can be conservative if there are a large number of tests and/or the test statistics are positively correlated.
The correction comes at the cost of increasing the probability of producing false negatives, i.e., reducing statistical power. There is not a definitive consensus on how to define a family in all cases, and adjusted test results may vary depending on the number of tests included in the family of hypotheses. Such criticisms apply to FWER control in general, and are not specific to the Bonferroni correction.
References
External links
Bonferroni, Sidak online calculator
Multiple comparisons
Statistical hypothesis testing
Camp Olivas is the regional headquarters of the Police Regional Office 3: and is located in Brgy San Nicolas along Mac Arthur Highway, Camp Olivas, City of San Fernando, Pampanga. It was named after Captain Julian Olivas.
References
Philippine National Police headquarters
Buildings and structures in San Fernando, Pampanga
Zhu Yunming (; 1461–1527) was a Chinese calligrapher, poet, writer, and scholar-official of the Ming dynasty, known as one of the "Four Talents of Wu" (Suzhou). Most admired for their accomplishment in calligraphy, they are also a popular cultural figure for their uninhibited lifestyle and iconoclastic thinking. They criticized the orthodox Neo-Confucianism of Zhu Xi and admired the philosophy of mind advocated by Wang Yangming. They wrote a large number of essays that criticize traditional values, and was an influence on the iconoclastic philosopher Li Zhi.
Biography
Zhu was born in 1461 in Changzhou County, modern Suzhou, Jiangsu Province. Their courtesy name was Xizhe (), and art name Zhishan (). Born with a supernumerary thumb on one hand, Zhu gave themselves the sobriquet "Zhizhi Scholar" (枝指生; zhizhi refers to preaxial polydactyly in Chinese). They were said to have been able to write calligraphy with large characters at the tender age of four and compose poetry by the age of eight. They became a certified student at 16, and succeeded in the provincial examination of 1492, but never passed metropolitan examinations.
Zhu was appointed as the county magistrate of Xingning, Guangdong, in 1514. They served as the principal editor of the Gazetteer of Xingning County (in the reign of Zhengde), during their five-year term. In 1521, they were promoted to Controller-General of Yingtian Prefecture (modern Nanjing). They resigned in less than a year on a plea of illness. They dedicated the rest of their life to writing and died in 1527.
Together with Tang Yin, Wen Zhengming and Xu Zhenqing, Zhu was one of the "Four Talents of Wu (Suzhou)" (), their calligraphy is the most noted in the quartet. They excelled at small standard script (xiaokai), but was of wild-cursive (kuangcao) fame. Their friends attributed their affinity for this highly expressive calligraphy to their impetuous personality.
Zhu was also known as an unorthodox thinker against Neo-Confucianism. In their later life, they described themselves as a "wild man". They finished various collections of miscellaneous notes. Some scholars believe that their work of judgements on historical personalities influenced Li Zhi's Cang Shu.
In popular culture
Zhu's nonconformist thinking and lifestyle have made them a subject of popular legends. Stories about them have been written into a novel, The Romance of Zhu Yunming.
Selected works
懷星堂集 [Collection of Huaixing Hall]
蘇材小纂 [Collected Biographies of Eminent People from Suzhou]
前闻記 [Memoir of By-gone Events]
猥谈 [Trivial Talks]
References
1461 births
1527 deaths
15th-century Chinese calligraphers
15th-century Chinese poets
16th-century Chinese calligraphers
16th-century Chinese poets
Artists from Suzhou
Ming dynasty calligraphers
Ming dynasty essayists
Ming dynasty poets
Ming dynasty politicians
Poets from Jiangsu
Writers from Suzhou
People with polydactyly
Josip Balić (born 8 July 1993) is a Croatian football midfielder who plays for Sloboda Tuzla in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Split, Croatia
Association football midfielders
Croatian footballers
RNK Split players
NK Dugopolje players
NK Solin players
NK Zavrč players
NK Radomlje players
NK Krško players
FC Fastav Zlín players
FK Palanga players
Thanh Hóa FC players
FK Sloboda Tuzla players
First Football League (Croatia) players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Czech First League players
A Lyga players
V.League 1 players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Croatian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Expatriate footballers in Lithuania
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Lithuania
Expatriate footballers in Vietnam
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Vietnam
Expatriate footballers in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Marwood Mintern Munden (13 June 1885 – 8 March 1952) was a British doctor and cricketer who played three first-class cricket matches for Somerset in 1908. They were born in Ilminster, Somerset and died in Eastcombe, Gloucestershire. A substantial biographical note on them written by a member of their family on the Royal Army Medical Corps website says that they were known in the family as "Mintern Munden," not Marwood Munden.
Background and early career
Munden was the third son and seventh child of the Ilminster doctor, Charles Munden. They were educated at Crewkerne Grammar School and then studied medicine at Guy's Hospital in London, qualifying in 1911. They married in 1912 and set up in general practice at Chalford, Gloucestershire.
Cricket career
Munden made three appearances in first-class cricket for Somerset in the 1908 season as a batsman. They scored 11 in each inning of the match against Kent at the Crabble Athletic Ground, Dover in July. But returning for two matches in a week in August, they scored just nine against Hampshire. And then in the return match against Kent they failed to score in either innings.
War service
Munden joined the Royal Army Medical Corps in 1916 and served with the 89th Field Ambulance and the second battalion of the Royal Fusiliers in France. They were awarded the Belgian Croix de Guerre for their work evacuating wounded Belgian troops. They were commissioned as a temporary lieutenant in 1918 and discharged at the end of the First World War.
Later life
After the war, Munden returned to Gloucestershire, and remained there in general practice as a doctor until their death in 1952. They no longer played first-class cricket, but turned out for amateur sides including the Gloucester Gypsies touring team and also captained Stroud Cricket Club. They were also involved in hunting and fishing.
References
1885 births
1952 deaths
20th-century English medical doctors
English cricketers
Somerset cricketers
Royal Army Medical Corps officers
People from Ilminster
People from Chalford
British Army personnel of World War I
Recipients of the Croix de guerre (Belgium)
San Francisco is a combined city/county in the U.S. state of California.
San Francisco may also refer to:
Places within San Francisco, California
San Francisco Bay
San Francisco Bay Area, the metropolitan area
San Francisco Peninsula, the peninsula where the city is located
University of San Francisco, a Jesuit university located in the city
San Francisco State University, a public university part of the CSU System
Mission San Francisco de Asís, the Spanish mission which was the first European settlement in the city
Other places
Argentina
San Francisco, Córdoba
Chile
San Francisco Glacier
San Francisco de Mostazal
Colombia
San Francisco, Antioquia
San Francisco, Cundinamarca
San Francisco, La Guajira
San Francisco, Putumayo
Costa Rica
San Francisco de Dos Ríos District, San José Canton
Dominican Republic
San Francisco de Macorís
Ecuador
San Francisco de Quito, formal name of the capital city
Honduras
San Francisco, Atlántida
San Francisco, Lempira
San Francisco de Opalaca, Intibucá
San Francisco de Yojoa, Cortes
Guatemala
San Francisco, El Petén
San Francisco El Alto, Totonicapán
San Francisco Zapotitlán, Suchitepéquez
Mexico
San Francisco de Campeche
San Francisco de los Romo, Aguascalientes
San Francisco del Mezquital, Durango
San Francisco Coacalco, State of Mexico
San Francisco Cahuacúa, Oaxaca
San Francisco Cajonos, Oaxaca
San Francisco Chapulapa, Oaxaca
San Francisco Chindúa, Oaxaca
San Francisco del Mar, Oaxaca
San Francisco Huehuetlán, Oaxaca
San Francisco Ixhuatán, Oaxaca
San Francisco Jaltepetongo, Oaxaca
San Francisco Lachigoló, Oaxaca
San Francisco Logueche, Oaxaca
San Francisco Nuxaño, Oaxaca
San Francisco Ozolotepec, Oaxaca
San Francisco Sola, Oaxaca
San Francisco Telixtlahuaca, Oaxaca
San Francisco Teopan, Oaxaca
San Francisco Tlapancingo, Oaxaca
San Francisco, Nayarit
San Francisco Tetlanohcan, Tlaxcala
Nicaragua
San Francisco de Cuapa
Panama
San Francisco, Panamá
San Francisco, Veraguas
Philippines
San Francisco, Agusan del Sur
San Francisco, Cebu
San Francisco, Quezon
San Francisco, Southern Leyte
San Francisco, Surigao del Norte
San Francisco, San Pablo, Laguna
San Francisco, Bohol
Spain
San Francisco (Bilbao)
Sant Francesc Xavier, Formentera, Balearic Islands
United States
San Francisco, Old San Juan, a sector within the township of Old San Juan in the capital of San Juan, Puerto Rico
San Francisco, Minnesota, an abandoned town
Mission San Francisco de Potano, a Spanish mission to the Timucua Indians of Florida
Mission San Francisco Solano (California), a Spanish mission in Sonoma, California
San Francisco Peaks, a set of mountains in Arizona
San Francisco Plantation House, a historic plantation near New Orleans
San Francisco volcanic field, Arizona; includes above peaks
La Villa Real de la Santa Fé de San Francisco de Asís (the original Spanish name of Santa Fe, New Mexico)
San Francisco, Colorado, a small town at the foot of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains
Venezuela
San Francisco de Yare, Miranda
San Francisco de Yuruaní, Bolivar
Popular culture
San Francisco (magazine), a monthly publication dedicated to arts and culture in the San Francisco Bay Area
Games
Driver: San Francisco, a video game
San Francisco convention, a contract bridge bidding convention
Film
San Francisco (1936 film), a 1936 film set in the city, about the events surrounding the 1906 San Francisco earthquake
San Francisco (1968 film), a 1968 pioneering impressionistic documentary film directed by Anthony Stern
Music
Albums
San Francisco (American Music Club album), 1994
San Francisco (Bobby Hutcherson album), 1971
San Francisco (Fleurine album), 2008
Songs
"San Francisco" (Cascada song), 2011
"San Francisco (Be Sure to Wear Flowers in Your Hair)", by Scott McKenzie, 1967
"San Francisco (You've Got Me)", by the Village People, 1977
"Theme from San Francisco", from the 1936 film, later popularized by Judy Garland
"San Francisco", by 808 State from ex:el, 1991
"San Francisco", by Jill Sobule from California Years, 2009
"San Francisco", by Midicronica, featured in the series Samurai Champloo, 2005
"San Francisco", by the Mowgli's, 2012
"San Francisco", by Niall Horan from Heartbreak Weather, 2020
"San Francisco", by Tor Endresen, representing Norway at Eurovision 1997
Sports
San Francisco 49ers, a professional American football club located in Santa Clara, California, but retains the name San Francisco, having played in the city from 1946 to 2013
San Francisco City FC, an American amateur soccer club located in San Francisco, California
San Francisco Dons, the nickname of the athletic teams at the University of San Francisco
San Francisco F.C., a Panamanian football club located in La Chorrera, Panamá
San Francisco Giants, a professional baseball club located in San Francisco, California
Transportation
The City of San Francisco (train), a passenger train
The San Francisco Chief, a passenger train
USS San Francisco, the name of several vessels of the United States Navy
San Francisco station, a Tren Urbano station in Puerto Rico
San Francisco (Madrid Metro), on Line 11, Madrid, Spain
San Francisco (Mexibús, Line 1), a BRT station in Tecámac, Mexico
San Francisco (Mexibús, Line 2), a BRT station in Coacalco de Berriozábal, Mexico
San Francisco 4th and King Street station, a commuter station in San Francisco, California
San Francisco metro station (Quito), Ecuador
Other uses
San Francisco (decorative typeface), an Apple font for Macintosh computers up to Mac OS 7
San Francisco (sans-serif typeface), another font by Apple for its devices and as its corporate typeface
San Francisco, the Orange U.K. model of the ZTE Blade smartphone
San Francisco System, a bilateral alliance network pursued by the United States in East Asia, after the end of the World War II
See also
St. Francis (disambiguation), the English equivalent of San Francisco
São Francisco (disambiguation), the Portuguese equivalent of San Francisco
List of places named after Saint Francis
San Cisco
"San Frandisco", a 2020 song by Dom Dolla
The 2011 IPP Open was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the eleventh edition of the tournament which is part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Helsinki, Finland between 21 and 27 November 2011.
ATP entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of November 14, 2011.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Marko Djokovic
Harri Heliövaara
Micke Kontinen
Herkko Pöllänen
The following players received entry as a special exempt into the singles main draw:
Frank Dancevic
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Federico Delbonis
Mikhail Elgin
Andrej Martin
Timo Nieminen
The following players received entry as a lucky loser into the singles main draw:
Jan-Lennard Struff
Mischa Zverev
Champions
Singles
Daniel Brands def. Matthias Bachinger 7–6(7–2), 7–6(7–5)
Doubles
Martin Emmrich / Andreas Siljeström def. James Cerretani / Michal Mertiňák, 6–4, 6–4
External links
Official Website
ITF Search
ATP official site
IPP Open
IPP Open
The women's doubles tournament of wheelchair tennis at the 2011 Parapan American Games will be held from November 13 to 16 at the Telcel Tennis Complex in Guadalajara.
Draw
Finals
Top half
External links
Draw
Events at the 2011 Parapan American Games
Parapan
Sargocentron caudimaculatum, the silverspot squirrelfish or whitetail squirrelfish, is a reef-associated member of the family Holocentridae. It is native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans from East Africa to Japan and northern Australia and as far east as the Marshall Islands. It lives near reefs, but can also be found in lagoons and drop-offs at depths between . It is a nocturnal predator, feeding primarily on crabs and shrimps. It can reach sizes of up to TL. Although it is caught commercially and can be found in the aquarium trade, there are no known major threats to this species.
References
External links
caudimaculatum
Fish described in 1838
Fish of the Indian Ocean
Fish of the Pacific Ocean
Tillandsia floribunda is a species in the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Ecuador.
Cultivars
Tillandsia 'Cataco'
References
BSI Cultivar Registry Retrieved 11 October 2009
Photos from anwyl.com
floribunda
Flora of Ecuador
Neobuthus is a genus of scorpion of the family Buthidae. It is distributed across the Horn of Africa; in Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somaliland, Kenya and Djibouti.
Taxonomy
First described by Hirst in 1911, the genus was redefined in 2012 in reviews by Kovařík and Lowe. With its difference from the genus Butheolus settled, it remained a poorly understood taxon due to lack of materials, with several isolated specimens acquired in 2010–2011 provisionally categorized as Neobuthus ferrugineus. Further expeditions to Somaliland, Kenya and Djibouti carried out in the following years allowed for the scope of the genus to be studied with more depth, with seven new species being confirmed in 2018. Neobuthus sudanensis, having a poor original description and still unexamined female specimen, is still unclear as an independent species.
Species
Neobuthus amoudensis Kovařík & Lowe, 2018
Neobuthus awashensis Kovařík & Lowe, 2012
Neobuthus berberensis Hirst, 1911
Neobuthus cloudsleythompsoni Lourenço, 2001
Neobuthus erigavoensis Kovařík & Lowe, 2018
Neobuthus eritreaensis Kovařík & Lowe, 2016
Neobuthus factorio Kovařík & Lowe, 2018
Neobuthus ferrugineus Kraepelin, 1898
Neobuthus gubanensis Kovařík & Lowe, 2018
Neobuthus haeckeli Kovařík, 2019
Neobuthus kloppersi Kovařík & Lowe, 2018
Neobuthus kutcheri Lowe & Kovařík, 2016
Neobuthus maidensis Kovařík & Lowe, 2018
Neobuthus montanus Kovařík & Lowe, 2018
Neobuthus solegladi Kovařík, 2019
Neobuthus sudanensis Lourenço, 2005
References
External links
Buthidae
Scorpions of Africa
Scofield Reservoir is a reservoir impounded by Scofield Dam, in Carbon County, Utah. Located on the Price River, a tributary of the Green River, Scofield Reservoir is adjacent to the northernmost boundary of the Manti–La Sal National Forest. The reservoir sits at an elevation of , on the northern edge of the Wasatch Plateau. Utah State Route 96 runs along the western shoreline.
After initial attempts to complete a permanent dam on the Price River, the Scofield project was initiated by the US Bureau of Reclamation. The Scofield project eventually irrigated area lands originally to be served by Mammoth Dam, and later by the defunct Gooseberry project. The present-day dam was completed in 1946. Besides providing flood protection due to variable stream flow, the reservoir is an important source of water for municipal and industrial sources. It is also a popular fishing and outdoor recreation spot for nearby communities.
Hydrology
The reservoir is on the Price River. The reservoir is also fed by groundwater and many small intermittent mountain streams during spring runoff. Principal among these are Fish Creek (Utah) and Clear Creek Canyon (Utah) Annual inflow is .
History
Irrigation development of lands served by the Scofield project began in 1883. Ditch companies were organized, and the water was diverted from the natural flow of the Price River. From time to time, canal systems were combined and extended until it was found that the natural flow of the river was inadequate to supply irrigation demands fully.
The Mammoth Reservoir Company was incorporated and made filings on the floodwaters of the Price River in 1896. In 1900, a group of farmers from Sanpete County secured the company's rights to store water and convey it by transmountain diversion to their lands.
In 1902, the Sanpete group had financial difficulties, and the project passed into the hands of the Irrigated Lands Co. The latter company abandoned the idea of watering Sanpete County lands and made plans to irrigate near Price, Utah. The company, in cooperation with the State of Utah, proceeded with the construction of Mammoth Dam. After going through considerable financial difficulty, the Irrigated Lands Co. was reorganized in 1911 to form the Price River Irrigation Co., which developed the project as rapidly as financial conditions and demand for water would permit. The dam failed on June 25, 1917, when it was only partly completed, releasing of water and causing flood damage estimated at $1 million to railroad and mining property.
The Price River Water Conservation District, a municipal corporation, was organized in 1921 to develop storage facilities in the Price River watershed to replace the destroyed Mammoth Dam. Under the district's direction, Scofield Dam was constructed during 1925–1926. The reservoir formed behind the dam had a capacity of . In May 1928, with the reservoir practically filled for the first time, the dam partially failed.
Emergency repairs, together with the rapid evacuation of storage water through the outlet tunnel, were effective in preventing complete failure and a devastating flood. Numerous attempts at placing the dam in a safe operating condition were unsuccessful. In view of the apparent weakness of the dam, storage in Scofield Reservoir was strictly limited to a maximum of .
The replacement of the original dam was expedited during World War II because a potential failure of the existing dam posed a threat to the war effort. The Bureau of Reclamation investigated the development of the Scofield project in accordance with a cooperative contract between the United States and the State of Utah. The study resulted in the adoption of the plan to replace the unsafe Scofield Dam with a completely new and larger structure to be erected about downstream from the existing dam.
The project was authorized by the president on June 24, 1943, under the terms of the Water Conservation and Utilization Act of August 11, 1939 (53 Stat. 1418), as amended.
Under the Utah Water Conservancy Act of 1941, the Carbon Water Conservancy District was organized in 1943 for the purpose of negotiating a contract with the United States for the construction of the new dam. Contract negotiations between this district, the Price River Water Conservation District, and the United States were completed in 1943.
Construction of the new storage works by the W.W. Clyde Company of Springville, Utah, was undertaken during World War II to prevent possible flood damage to the main line of the Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad, the State highway, the telephone and telegraph lines, and the coal mines, all of which were important to the war effort. The new dam was completed June 15, 1946.
Current dam
Scofield Dam is a zoned earthfill structure with a structural height of . The dam's crest length is with a top width of thirty feet. It contains 204,000 cubic yards of material. The maximum base width is . Total capacity of Scofield Reservoir is with an active capacity of . The spillway is an uncontrolled concrete crest and concrete-lined chute at the right abutment.
Uses
Uses of Scofield Reservoir and its watershed include coal mining, agriculture, residential, fishing, hunting, snowmobiling, camping, and a variety of other types of summer and winter recreations.
Initially, the Federal government viewed the dam as a flood control measure to prevent damage to vital defense industries and transportation. For the local population, Scofield Dam and Reservoir also supplied irrigation water for surrounding farms. In 1943, local farms grew alfalfa, barley, beans, corn, oats, wheat, potatoes, sugar beets, and pasture. Orchard crops around Helper included peaches, pears, apricots, and apples.
Crop values on the Scofield project reached over one million dollars in the 1960s and early 1970s. From 1973 to 1974, crop values jumped from $1,552,089 to $3,672,419. The drought of 1977 caused the value to plunge to $1,515,005. Gross crop value reached four million dollars in 1981.
While still providing flood protection and sustainable water supply, the reservoir now serves as a popular recreation area. It is part of Scofield State Park, part of the Utah State Parks system.
Scofield has traditionally been one of Utah's top fisheries. Besides producing desirable sizes and quantities of trout, it is unique in that it is an outstanding shore fishery. The reservoir is home to rainbow trout, cutthroat trout, redside shiner, mountain sucker. Common invertebrate species include damselfly, mayfly, and crayfish. It is also popular during the winter as an ice fishery. In recent years the fishery and its management have been impacted due to water quality impairments.
The reservoir is also home to the Scofield triathlon, held annually since 2006.
Climate
Communities
To the direct south of the reservoir is the town of Scofield, Utah. Approximately northwest, lies the Provo–Orem metropolitan area.
See also
Aspen Cove at Scofield
Scofield Scout Camp at Frandsen Scout Ranch
References
External links
Official Scofield State Park website
Scofield Fishing Info
Reservoirs in Utah
Tributaries of the Green River (Colorado River tributary)
Lakes of Carbon County, Utah
State parks of Utah
Tourist attractions in Carbon County, Utah
Lakes of Utah County, Utah
The red-headed tanager (Piranga erythrocephala) is a medium-sized American songbird in the family Cardinalidae, the cardinals or cardinal grosbeaks. It is endemic to Mexico. The red-headed tanager is around long, the male has predominantly yellow-olive plumage with a red head and throat, while the female has a yellowish forecrown.
Two subspecies are recognised.
Taxonomy and systematics
English naturalist William John Swainson described the red-headed tanager in 1827 as Spermagra erythrocephala from material collected by William Bullock and their son from a specimen from Temascaltepec in Mexico.
The red-headed tanager and the other species of genus Piranga were originally placed in the family Thraupidae, the "true" tanagers. Since approximately 2008 they have been placed in their current family. It and the white-winged tanager (Piranga leucoptera) have sometimes been placed in genus Spermagra.
The red-headed tanager has two recognized subspecies, the nominate Piranga erythrocephala erythrocephala and P. e. candida.
Description
The red-headed tanager is approximately long and weighs . The nominate male's forecrown, face, throat, and upper chest are red and the rest of the upperparts bright yellow-olive. The rest of the underparts are olive-yellow. It has a narrow black "mask". The female's forecrown is yellowish and the rest of the upperparts yellow-olive. The throat and chest are yellow that fades to buffy white towards the vent area. The juvenile male looks like a bright female. P. e. candida is similar to the nominate but duller and darker.
Distribution and habitat
The red-headed tanager is endemic to Mexico. The nominate is found discontinuously from Jalisco state south to eastern Oaxaca. P. e. candida is found further north, from southern Sonora and Chihuahua south to Jalisco, and has been recorded further south outside of breeding season. It uses a variety of wooded habitats including semi-humid and moist montane forest, pine-oak forest, evergreen forest, and open woodland with scrub. It can also be found along the edges of forest and in plantations. In elevation it ranges from .
Behavior
Feeding
The red-headed tanager forages in pairs or small groups for insects and small fruit like berries. It favors the mid level of the trees or higher and tends to stay in the foliage though it will sometimes forage at the ends of branches.
Breeding
The red-headed tanager's nest is a cup of fine twigs placed at middle to upper height in a tree. No other information about its breeding phenology has been published.
Vocalization
The red-headed tanager's song is "a long, slow...'chur chew che-wier chéé-chur wee chur cheer chéé-chur...'" or "tsi-tsi tsee-tsee". It has several calls.
Status
The IUCN has assessed the red-headed tanager as being of The Least Concern. It is found in several protected areas and much of its range outside them also has intact habitat. "[It] seems certain that the near-term risk to this species is low."
References
External links
Red-headed tanager photo gallery VIREO
Graphic; Article
red-headed tanager
Birds of Mexico
Endemic birds of Mexico
Birds of the Sierra Madre Occidental
red-headed tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by William John Swainson
Birds of the Sierra Madre del Sur
Tye River is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Immeya was a king of Ebla, in modern Syria, reigning around 1750–1725 BCE.
Reign
Immeya was most likely buried in the so-called "Tomb of the Lord of the Goats", in the royal necropolis of the western palace at Ebla, as suggested by a silver cup found here, bearing an inscription in their name. Assuming that, it is likely that the funerary equipment found in the tomb belonged to Immeya too. This included some objects in carved hippopotamus ivory, the remains of a throne decorated with bronze goat heads, and especially an ancient Egyptian ceremonial mace made of gold, silver and ivory, a gift from the 13th Dynasty pharaoh Hotepibre, who was a contemporary of Immeya.
Immeya also appears as the sender of a letter to a ruler, which was also found at Ebla. One of their successors—not necessarily the direct one—was a certain king Hammu[...], whose full name was probably Hammurabi.
As for other rulers of the third kingdom of Ebla, Immeya's name is Amorite; furthermore, it seems that "Immeya" was a hypocorism.
Sources
Kings of Ebla
18th-century BC monarchs
18th-century BC people
In Indo-European studies, the term s-mobile ( ; the word is a Latin neuter adjective) designates the phenomenon where a PIE root appears to begin with an which is sometimes but not always present. It is therefore represented in the reflex of the root in some attested derivatives but not others. The fact that there is no consistency about which language groups retain the s-mobile in individual cases is good evidence that it is an original Indo-European phenomenon, and not an element added or lost in the later history of particular languages.
General description
This "movable" prefix *s- appears at the beginning of some Indo-European roots, but is absent from other occurrences of the same root. For example, the stem , perhaps 'aurochs', gives Latin and Old English (Modern English ), both meaning 'bull'. Both variants existed side by side in PIE, with Germanic preserving the forms as *steuraz and *þeuraz respectively, but Italic, Celtic, Slavic and others all have words for 'bull' which reflect the root without the *s. Compare also: Gothic , German , Avestan (cattle); but Old Norse , Greek , Latin , Old Church Slavonic , Lithuanian , Welsh , Old Irish , Oscan , and Albanian .
In other cases, it is Germanic which preserves only the form without the s mobile. The Proto-Indo-European root , 'to cover', has descendants English (from Old English ), German 'to cover', Latin 'I cover', but Greek and Russian .
Sometimes subsequent developments can treat the forms with and without the s-mobile quite differently. For example, by Grimm's law PIE becomes Proto-Germanic *f, but the combination is unaffected by this. Thus the root , perhaps meaning 'to scatter', has two apparently quite dissimilar derivatives in English: (from the nasalized form ), and (from ).
S-mobile is always followed by another consonant. Typical combinations are with voiceless stops: , , ; with liquids and nasals: , , ; and rarely: .
Origins
One theory of the origin of the s-mobile is that it was influenced by a suffix to the preceding word; many inflectional suffixes in PIE are reconstructed as having ended in *s, including the nominative singular and accusative plural of many nouns. The s-mobile can therefore be seen as an interference between the words, a kind of sandhi development. So for example, while an alternation between and (both meaning 'they saw') might be difficult to imagine, an alternation between and ("they saw the wolves") is plausible. The two variants would still be pronounced differently, as the double -ss- is distinct from a single -s- (compare English this ink and this sink), but the alternation can now be understood as a simple process of gemination (doubling) or degemination.
This can be understood in two ways.
Gemination (*s→*ss): by this view, the form without the is original. A habit of doubling at the join of the words causes a second *-s- which is understood as part of the second word. This is a kind of assimilation. Obviously, this could not happen to related forms which were used in different syntactic positions, and thus the original form without the *s- survives elsewhere. This is the explanation given by Sihler.
Degemination (*ss→*s): by this view, the form with the is original. When it is adjacent to a noun suffix in *-s, this produces a geminate. In rapid speech this is reduced to a single *-s- which is understood to belong to the noun, leaving the verb without its initial sibilant. This explanation is more popular among linguists, for two reasons: firstly, because a simplification of geminate *ss is also observable elsewhere in the language (e.g. PIE → : see Indo-European copula); and secondly, because most PIE roots beginning with the clusters *sp-, *st-, etc. have variants without the *s-, whereas there are very many roots beginning with a simple *p-, *t-, etc. which have no s-mobile equivalents. If the variants without the *s- are original, we would be faced with the problem of explaining why the phenomenon was not more widespread.
Further examples
A number of roots beginning in look as if they had an s-mobile but the evidence is inconclusive, since several languages (Latin, Greek, Albanian) lost initial s- before sonorants (l, m, n) by regular sound change. Examples include:
Notes
References
Mark R.V. Southern, Sub-Grammatical Survival: Indo-European s-mobile and its Regeneration in Germanic, Journal of Indo-European Studies Monograph 34 (1999).
External links
Indo-European Phonetics — Spirants
S-mobile
The 2017 Asian Archery Championships were the 20th edition of the event, and were held in Dhaka, Bangladesh from 25 to 30 November 2017.
Medal summary
Recurve
Compound
Medal table
References
Results book
External links
World Archery Link
2017 in archery
2017 in Bangladeshi sport
Asian Archery Championships
International sports competitions hosted by Bangladesh
November 2017 sports events in Bangladesh
Shulka () is a rural locality (a khutor) in Itkulovsky 1st Selsoviet, Baymaksky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 181 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Shulka is located 49 km northwest of Baymak (the district's administrative centre) by road. Nadezhdinsky is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baymaksky District
Dušan Kuciak (; born 21 May 1985) is a Slovak professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Polish club Lechia Gdańsk and the Slovakia national team.  They are the younger brother of Martin Kuciak, who plays as a goalkeeper for Považská Bystrica.
Club career
Dušan Kuciak was part of Žilina youth academy. Aged 16, they signed their first contract with the Slovak Superliga side AS Trenčín.
MŠK Žilina
After a two-year spell in Trenčín, they returned to Žilina, where they were the second-choice keeper, the first-choice being Ján Mucha. Despite not playing at all, they were linked by the English Premier League side West Ham, where they were loaned for 6 months. In January 2006, they returned to Žilina, and they established themselves as the first-choice keeper. They won Corgoň Liga with Žilina in 2006–07 season.
FC Vaslui
On 26 June 2008, they signed a three-year contract with Romanian side FC Vaslui. They were bought to replace Cristian Hăisan, while they were suspended, but Kuciak established themselves quickly as the first-choice keeper. They were the only player that season, who played every minute, and the first in Vaslui's history who achieved this feat. At the end of the season, they established another record, having the most clean-sheets in Vaslui's short spell in Liga I. Also, they captained the team a few matches, while Cânu was on the bench. On 4 August, they received a red card in the Europa League match against Omonia Nicosia. On 26 September, after a conflict with team's coach, they were relegated on the bench, and seemed to lost their place in the team, but because of Hăisan's poor rating, re-established as the first-choice keeper. At the end of the season, they established another record for Vaslui, saving 4 out of 5 penalties, and also receiving only 17 goals in 23 matches. After three seasons at Vaslui, Kuciak left the club in the summer of 2011.
Legia Warsaw
Kuciak joined the Polish club Legia Warsaw in August 2011. In August 2013, they extended their contract at the club until 2016.
West Ham United
In January 2013, West Ham United were reported to be in talks with the goalkeeper.
Hull City
On 1 February 2016, Kuciak signed an 18-month contract with Hull City. Kuciak made their debut on 23 August 2016 in the second round of the EFL Cup away to Exeter City that City won 3–1.
International career
They made their international debut for the Slovakia national team in a 2–1 away win against the UAE on 10 December 2006. After a two-year absence in the national team, they were called again in 2009, because of their impressive form at Vaslui. They were named in the provisional 30-man squad for 2010 World Cup. They played in the Slovakia's second warm-up game, where they were replaced in the 85th minute, because of an injury. However, they were kept for the final 23-man squad, for 2010 World Cup, where they wore the Number 23 Shirt.
They were named in the final Slovakia squad for the UEFA Euro 2020 tournament.
Career statistics
International
Honours
MŠK Žilina
Slovak Superliga: 2006–07
Slovak Super Cup: 2007
FC Vaslui
UEFA Intertoto Cup: 2008
Legia Warsaw
Ekstraklasa: 2012–13, 2013–14, 2015–16
Polish Cup: 2011–12, 2014–15, 2015–16
Hull City
Football League Championship play-offs: 2016
Lechia Gdańsk
Polish Cup: 2018–19
Polish Super Cup: 2019
Individual
Ekstraklasa Goalkeeper of the Season: 2019–20
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Žilina
Slovak footballers
Slovak expatriate footballers
Slovakia international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
AS Trenčín players
MŠK Žilina players
West Ham United F.C. players
FC Vaslui players
Legia Warsaw players
Ekstraklasa players
Hull City A.F.C. players
Lechia Gdańsk players
Slovak Super Liga players
Liga I players
2010 FIFA World Cup players
UEFA Euro 2020 players
Expatriate footballers in England
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Stites is an unincorporated community located in Bullitt County, Kentucky, Westhamptonshire
References
Unincorporated communities in Bullitt County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Justin Abdou (born 18 January 1971) is a Canadian wrestler. They competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1971 births
Living people
Wrestlers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Canadian male sport wrestlers
Olympic wrestlers of Canada
Sportspeople from Moose Jaw
Commonwealth Games medallists in wrestling
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Canada
Wrestlers at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Admiral Radley is an American indie rock band based in California, formed in late 2009 by members from the bands Grandaddy (Jason Lytle and Aaron Burtch) and Earlimart (Aaron Espinoza and Ariana Murray). Admiral Radley released their debut album, I Heart California, on July 13, 2010 on their label The Ship. A decade later the EP ADRAD Radio was released on July 3, 2020.
History
Originally, the band name was going to be Grandimart or Earlidaddy, a combination of both band's names. However, they decided to name the band after a man they met at a museum in Los Angeles.
Discography
I Heart California (2010)
ADRAD Radio (2020)
References
External links
Indie rock musical groups from California
The R768 road is a regional road in Ireland which connects J7 (Bray South) of the N11 to the junction of the R761 at Irishtown, Bray. The road is commonly known as the Southern Cross or the Southern Bypass, though it is officially known as the Southern Ring Road.
Route
The route begins at the Kilcroney Interchange (J7 Bray South/Greystones North), which is one of the busiest junctions in the country. The route crosses the N11 and meets the Ram Roundabout. The R768 then travels east through the majority of Bray's southern suburbs, including Ballywaltrim and Kilruddery. The route terminates in Irishtown at the roundabout with the R761.
See also
Roads in Ireland
National primary road
References
Roads Act 1993 (Classification of Regional Roads) Order 2006 – Department of Transport
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Wicklow
Home is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alexander Home (disambiguation), multiple people
Anna Home (born 1938), English television producer
Anne Hunter (née Home) (1742–1821), poet and socialite
Anthony Home (1826–1914), Scottish Victoria Cross recipient
Daniel Dunglas Home (1833–1886), Scottish spiritualist
David Home (disambiguation), multiple people
Duncan Home (1828–1857), British Victoria Cross recipient
Everard Home (1756–1832), British physician
Francis Home (1719–1813), Scottish physician
Gerald Home (born 1950), Northern Irish actor
Gordon Home (1878–1969), English artist
Guy Home (born 1964), English cricketer
James Everard Home (1798–1853), British Royal Navy officer
John Home (1722–1808), Scottish poet and dramatist
John Home, Lord Renton, Senator of the College of Justice
Robert Home (1752–1834), British painter
Stewart Home (born 1962), English artist and writer
See also
Alec Douglas-Home (1903–1995), British prime minister 1963–64
A. M. Homes (born 1961), American writer
Jorge Alberto Bolaños Suarez (born 7 November 1936 in Las Tunas, Cuba) is a Cuban politician and diplomat.
Bolanos graduated in Political Sciences and International Law from the University of Havana and did postgraduate courses in Foreign Relations from the University of London.
Ambassador Bolanos has been a member of the Cuban Foreign Ministry since 1963. They have served as ambassador to Poland (1971–1974), Czechoslovakia (1974–1977), United Kingdom (1977–1981), Brazil (1986–1995) and Mexico (2001–2007). From 2007 to 2012, they served as head of the Cuban Interests Section in Washington, D.C. and since 1981 they have served as First Vice Minister of the Cuban Foreign Ministry.
During their stay in Mexico, they are known to have had close links with Venezuelan Diplomat Livia Antonieta Acosta-Noguera; a lady who was later transferred to Peru and afterwards to Miami, to serve as Consul, and in December 2011 they appeared conspiring against the U.S. in a documentary made by the Spanish language TV Network UNIVISION called "The Iranian Threat". On January 29, 2012, one of the students from the University of Mexico UNAM publicly stated that Ambassador Bolanos was conspiring with Livia Acosta against the U.S., and Ambassador Bolanos continues to enjoy diplomatic immunity in the U.S.
 They are married to Graciela Maria Queral-Queral.
References and external links
The Miami Herald; "Veteran Cuban Diplomat Being Sent to Post in US" by Pablo Bachelet; November 7, 2007
https://web.archive.org/web/20080314074050/http://www.cubaminrex.cu/English/Ministry/Curriculum_viceministro_bolanos.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20110517173638/http://www.cubanet.org/CNews/y05/mar05/31o6.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20080504233509/http://cubapolidata.com/tag/intelligence/
United States Department of State
Interview made by ORVEX - Organization of Venezuelans in Exile which reveals that Ambassador Bolanos was conspiring against the U.S. while they were in Mexico: http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/20104274
1936 births
Government ministers of Cuba
Cuban diplomats
Ambassadors of Cuba to Poland
Ambassadors of Cuba to Czechoslovakia
Ambassadors of Cuba to the United Kingdom
Ambassadors of Cuba to the United States
Ambassadors of Cuba to Brazil
Ambassadors of Cuba to Mexico
Cuban revolutionaries
Alumni of the University of London
Living people
Communist Party of Cuba politicians
Pan American Games competitors for Ecuador
People of the Cuban Revolution
Azanus sitalces, the large Madagascar babul blue, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found on Madagascar and the Comoros. The habitat consists of forests.
Subspecies
Azanus sitalces sitalces (Madagascar)
Azanus sitalces mayotti d'Abrera, 1980 (Comoros: Mayotte)
References
Butterflies described in 1900
Azanus
Butterflies of Africa
Taxa named by Paul Mabille
The Acts of King Arthur and Their Noble Knights (1976) is John Steinbeck's retelling of the Arthurian legend, based on the Winchester Manuscript text of Sir Thomas Malory's Le Morte d'Arthur. They began their adaptation in November 1956. Steinbeck had long been a lover of the Arthurian legends. The introduction to their translation contains an anecdote about theirs reading them as a young boy. Their enthusiasm for Arthur is apparent in the work. The book was left unfinished at their death, and ends with the death of chivalry in Arthur's purest knight, Lancelot of the Lake.
Steinbeck took a "living approach" to the retelling of Malory's work. They followed Malory's structure and retained the original chapter titles, but they explored the psychological underpinning of the events, and tuned the use of language to sound natural and accessible to a Modern English speaker:
Malory wrote the stories for and to their time. Any man hearing them knew every word and every reference. There was nothing obscure, they wrote the clear and common speech of their time and country. But that has changed—the words and references are no longer common property, for a new language has come into being. Malory did not write the stories. They simply wrote them for their time and their time understood them ... And with that, almost by enchantment the words began to flow.
Based on Steinbeck's letters collected in the Appendix to the volume, they appear to have worked on the book intensely from about November 1956 through late 1959, but after that never returned to the work.
From March to October 1959, Steinbeck and their wife Elaine rented a cottage in the hamlet of Discove, Redlynch, near Bruton in Somerset, England, while Steinbeck researched their retelling of the Arthurian legend of King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table. Glastonbury Tor was visible from the cottage, and Steinbeck also visited the nearby hillfort of Cadbury Castle, the supposed site of King Arthur's court of Camelot. The unfinished manuscript was published after their death in 1976, as The Acts of King Arthur and Their Noble Knights. The Steinbecks recounted the time spent in Somerset as the happiest of their life together.
References
Further reading
Hodges, Laura F. "The Personae of Acts: Symbolic Repetition and Variation". Steinbeck Quarterly 12.01–02 (Winter/Spring 1979): 20–27.
1976 American novels
Modern Arthurian fiction
Novels by John Steinbeck
Novels published posthumously
Unfinished novels
Farrar, Straus and Giroux books
The R253 road is a regional road in Ireland, located in County Donegal.
References
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Donegal
Sir Clement Throckmorton (c. 1630 – 10 November 1663) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1656 and 1663.
Throckmorton was the son of Sir Clement Throckmorton of Haseley Warwickshire, and their wife Lettice Fisher, daughter of Sir Clement Fisher of Packington, Warwickshire.
In 1656, Throckmorton was elected Member of Parliament for Warwick in the Second Protectorate Parliament.
In 1660, Throckmorton was elected MP for Warwick in the Convention Parliament. They were knighted on 11 September 1660. In 1661 they were re-elected MP for Warwick for the Cavalier Parliament and sat until their death
References
1630 births
1663 deaths
English MPs 1656–1658
English MPs 1660
English MPs 1661–1679
Clement
Compatible Discrete 4, also known as Quadradisc or CD-4 (not to be confused with compact disc) was as a discrete four-channel quadraphonic system for phonograph records. The system was created by JVC and RCA in 1971 and introduced in May 1972. Hundreds of recordings using this technology were released on LP during the 1970s.
Other major record companies who adopted this format include A&M, Arista, Atlantic, Capricorn, Elektra, Fantasy, Nonesuch, Reprise and Warner Bros.
This was the only discrete quadraphonic phonograph record system to gain major industry acceptance. A competing system, UD-4, was later introduced by Denon (Nippon Columbia).
In discrete quadraphonic systems, all four channels remain fully independent of each other throughout the entire recording and reproduction chain. There is no intermingling of channels as is done in matrix decoder 4-channel systems such as Stereo Quadraphonic (SQ) and QS Regular Matrix.
Though CD-4 and other quadraphonic technologies were not widely accepted by the public, CD-4 was responsible for major improvements in stereo phonograph technology. These improvements included phono cartridges with higher compliance, lower distortion levels, wider frequency range, and new vinyl compounds for records. Such new compounds included JVC's "Supervinyl", which was more durable than convention materials, and Q-540, which was highly anti-static.
Equipment
Successful CD-4 playback in 4 channels requires a phono cartridge which can reproduce high frequency range carrier signals that extend well beyond normal human hearing. CD-4 cartridges are more critical in set-up requirements than those used for stereo records and for UD-4. This is because stereo records do not have carrier signals and the frequency of the carrier signals used in CD-4 are higher than those found in the UD-4 system.
Phono cartridges with very high frequency range were rare in the 1970s but became much more common in later years. Only through the use of an elliptical tip stylus is the cartridge able to accurately reproduce the necessary extended range. This stylus is usually marketed as a "Shibata" or "Line Contact" type. By contrast, a standard conical or cone shape stylus has less contact area with the record groove.
CD-4 playback in 4 channels also usually requires a specialized CD-4 demodulator. Such demodulators have not been sold commercially since the 1970s, but today software decoding is also possible. Hardware decoders were often sold as independent components. However, some audio receivers and/or amplifiers built in the 1970s included the CD-4 demodulator as a built-in feature, along with FM radio and amplifier circuitry.
A typical high-performance CD-4 system would include a turntable with a CD-4 compatible phono cartridge, a CD-4 demodulator, a four-channel amplifier (or receiver), and four identical full-range loudspeakers.
CD-4 encoded records were also compatible with conventional two-channel stereo playback systems. In stereo mode all four channels of music can be heard over two speakers. Specialized equipment is not required for stereo playback.
Operation
Simply put, CD-4 consists of four recorded signals (LF, LB, RB, RF) using a coding matrix similar to FM broadcast stereo multiplexing.
In the CD-4 system, the quadraphonic audio was divided into left and right channels, which were recorded orthogonally in the vertical plane of the disc groove, which is the case with normal stereo. The CD-4 record track is broader than a conventional stereo track, so the playing time is less than a conventional stereo record.
The audio frequencies (20 Hz to 15 kHz), often referred to as the sum channel, would contain the sum of the left front plus left back signals in the left channel and the sum of the right front plus the right back signals in the right channel. In other words, when observing the audio frequencies only, the record appeared to have an ordinary stereo recording.
Along with this audio, a separate 30 kHz carriers was recorded on each groove wall. The carrier on each side carried the difference signal for that side. This was the information that enabled a combined signal to be resolved into two separate signals.
For the left carrier it would be left front minus left back, and for the right carrier it would be the right front minus the right back.
These audio signals were modulated onto the carriers using a special FM-PM-SSBFM (frequency modulation-phase modulation-single sideband frequency modulation) technique. This created an extended carrier frequency range from 18 kHz to 45 kHz for the left and right channels.
The algebraic addition and subtraction of the sum and difference signals would then yield compatible and discrete quadraphonic playback.
The CD-4 encoding/decoding matrix:
Software decoding
In October 2018 Pspatial Audio introduced software decoding of CD-4/Quadradisc recordings without the need of a specialized hardware demodulator. This technology was introduced with version 3.1.8 of the Stereo Lab software package.
Quadracast
There was also a similar FM radio system called Quadracast. But CD-4 (and quadraphonic audio in general) failed due to late U.S. Federal Communications Commission approval of FM quadraphonic broadcasting,
References
External links
RCA Quadradisc discography
Sound production technology
Surround sound
Quadraphonic sound
Patent insides were preprinted newspaper pages sold to newspaper publishers to provide them with content at a nominal cost, about what the publisher would have to pay for blank paper alone.
During the Civil War year of 1863, Andrew J. Aikens devised an idea improving upon an older British idea of preprinting multiple local editions of newspapers, using common plates for most of the internal content. Aikens' idea was to print one side of a sheet with news and advertising and to provide these sheets at little or no cost to publishers of weekly newspapers, covering costs and generating profit from the advertising sold. Local publishers would be free to print on the other side of the page as they wished — thereby obtaining syndicated content without charge as well as free or very low cost newsprint. These preprinted sheets were commonly known as "patent insides," probably due to the preponderance of patent medicine advertising which they contained. The earliest use of this precise phrase found using the Newspapers.com search engine dates to January 1868.
In 1868, Aikens was rewarded with a partnership in the publishing company which produced The Daily Wisconsin, which was henceforth known as Cramer, Aikens, & Cramer. Shortly thereafter the name of the publication was changed to The Evening Wisconsin, a title which it retained into the 20th Century.
Cramer, Aikens, & Cramer soon generated a lucrative business around its "patent insides," with Aikens creating what they called "Newspaper Unions," making use of preprints that they created at dedicated printing facilities in New York, Chicago, Cincinnati, Atlanta, Nashville, and Memphis. Profits generated from this specialized operation helped to subsidize losses incurred by The Evening Wisconsin during economic lean times, helping to ensure the paper's survival.
Aikens' patent insides and ones produced by rivals rose in popularity in the 19th century. The trade journal Printers' Ink estimated in 1894 that more than 7,000 weekly newspapers in the United States relied on patent insides produced by five companies. The largest of these, George Josyln's Western Newspaper Union, supplied more than 14,000 clients in the mid-1920s, but shipped its last order in 1952.
References
Newspaper content
Cadillac Heights is a neighborhood in East Oak Cliff, Dallas, Texas. The neighborhood is mostly African American and Hispanic.
As of 2010 there are plans to demolish all of Cadillac Heights. There are plans to establish the new Dallas Police Department police academy in the community.
History
Peter Johnson, a community activist, said that Cadillac Heights was "a community that was poisoned; the earth had been polluted. And it stunk. Most of those people were sick with cancer and kidney problems. The children had birth defects and some had lead poisoning. The city didn't pay attention to their problems. Lead was a part of that community for a long time."
Cityscape
The community is in proximity to Downtown Dallas. Henry Tatum of The Dallas Morning News said "Americans have spent years calling prestigious products the Cadillac of this or the Cadillac of that. Cadillac Heights isn't the Cadillac of residential neighborhoods." The community, located in proximity to the Trinity River, consists of 200 small frame houses, which were mostly built in the 1940s. Metal industries, a meat packing plant, and a water treatment facility surround the houses on three sides. The streets are narrow and thinly paved. The neighborhood has few walkable sidewalks, dirt ravines, and no concrete curbs. Pit bulls wander freely on those streets. The neighborhood floods easily. The Cadillac Heights Levee was proposed to protect the community.
Education
Residents are zoned to schools in the Dallas Independent School District.
The zoned schools include
Albert Sidney Johnston Elementary School, Oliver Wendell Holmes Middle School, and Franklin D. Roosevelt High School.
See also
Oak Cliff
References
External links
Tatum, Henry. "Cadillac Heights idea looks promising, if ... City officials have a lesson to learn from earlier buyout plan." The Dallas Morning News.
"Cadillac Heights." National Public Radio
Neighborhoods in Oak Cliff, Dallas
Jānis Polis (12 January 1893 – 29 September 1953) was a Latvian wrestler. They competed for Russia at the 1912 Summer Olympics and for Latvia at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1893 births
1953 deaths
People from Burtnieki Municipality
People from the Governorate of Livonia
Latvian male sport wrestlers
Olympic wrestlers of Latvia
Olympic wrestlers of Russia
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Russian male sport wrestlers
Die Gazette (English: The Gazette) is a political culture magazine from Munich. It has appeared online since 1998 and printed since 2004. It is published by Fritz R. Glunk.The printed edition included 6,800 copies in 2014 according to publisher.
Its authors of Die Gazette include, Carl Amery, Giscard d'Estaing, Rita Süssmuth, Uri Avnery, Christian Ude and Seyran Ates.
References
External links
1998 establishments in Germany
Cultural magazines published in Germany
German-language magazines
Political magazines published in Germany
Magazines established in 1998
Magazines published in Munich
In computer security, arbitrary code execution (ACE) is an attacker's ability to run any commands or code of the attacker's choice on a target machine or in a target process. An arbitrary code execution vulnerability is a security flaw in software or hardware allowing arbitrary code execution. A program that is designed to exploit such a vulnerability is called an arbitrary code execution exploit. The ability to trigger arbitrary code execution over a network (especially via a wide-area network such as the Internet) is often referred to as remote code execution (RCE).
Vulnerability types
There are a number of classes of vulnerability that can lead to an attacker's ability to execute arbitrary commands or code. For example:
Memory safety vulnerabilities such as buffer overflows or over-reads.
Deserialization vulnerabilities
Type confusion vulnerabilities
GNU LDD arbitrary code execution
Methods
Arbitrary code execution is commonly achieved through control over the instruction pointer (such as a jump or a branch) of a running process. The instruction pointer points to the next instruction in the process that will be executed. Control over the value of the instruction pointer therefore gives control over which instruction is executed next. In order to execute arbitrary code, many exploits inject code into the process (for example by sending input to it which gets stored in an input buffer in RAM) and use a vulnerability to change the instruction pointer to have it point to the injected code. The injected code will then automatically get executed. This type of attack exploits the fact that most computers (which use a Von Neumann architecture) do not make a general distinction between code and data, so that malicious code can be camouflaged as harmless input data. Many newer CPUs have mechanisms to make this harder, such as a no-execute bit.
Combining with privilege escalation
On its own, an arbitrary code execution exploit will give the attacker the same privileges as the target process that is vulnerable. For example, if exploiting a flaw in a web browser, an attacker could act as the user, performing actions such as modifying personal computer files or accessing banking information, but would not be able to perform system-level actions (unless the user in question also had that access).
To work around this, once an attacker can execute arbitrary code on a target, there is often an attempt at a privilege escalation exploit in order to gain additional control. This may involve the kernel itself or an account such as Administrator, SYSTEM, or root. With or without this enhanced control, exploits have the potential to do severe damage or turn the computer into a zombie—but privilege escalation helps with hiding the attack from the legitimate administrator of the system.
Examples
Retrogaming hobbyists have managed to find vulnerabilities in classic video games that allow them to execute arbitrary code, usually using a precise sequence of button inputs in a tool-assisted superplay to cause a buffer overflow, allowing them to write to protected memory. At Awesome Games Done Quick 2014, a group of speedrunning enthusiasts managed to code and run versions of the games Pong and Snake in a copy of Super Mario World by utilizing a buffer overflow to write arbitrary code to memory.
On June 12, 2018, security researcher Jean-Yves Avenard of Mozilla discovered an ACE vulnerability in Windows 10.
On May 1, 2018, a security researcher discovered an ACE vulnerability in the 7-Zip file archiver.
PHP has been the subject of numerous ACE vulnerabilities.
On December 9, 2021, a RCE vulnerability called "Log4Shell" was discovered in popular logging framework Log4j, affecting many services including iCloud, Minecraft: Java Edition and Steam, and characterized as "the single biggest, most critical vulnerability of the last decade".
See also
BlueKeep (security vulnerability)
Follina (security vulnerability)
References
Injection exploits
Vladimir Todașcă (born 25 June 1957) is a Romanian biathlete. They competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
1957 births
Living people
People from Suceava County
Romanian male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Romania
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Frederick William Teschemaker (1834 – 21 November 1878) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament in Canterbury, New Zealand.
They represented the Gladstone electorate from 1876 to 1878, when they died.
References
1834 births
1878 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Hanging with Hoges is a 2014 one-hour documentary about Paul Hogan hosted by Shane Jacobson. They talk about their success with Crocodile Dundee, their family life, and their battles with the Australian Tax Office. It also shows excerpts from this live stage show.
Hogan agreed to make it because of their relationship with Jacobson and producer/director Dean Murphy; the three men had made Charlie and Boots together.
It aired on the ABC in December 2014.
References
External links
Australian Broadcasting Corporation specials
2014 television films
2014 films
Take Stock in Children Inc. (TSIC) is a nonprofit organization founded by Don Pemberton in 1995 and based in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The organization aims to provide mentors and college scholarships to low-income students in Florida, in order to help students graduate and successfully enter a career. Since its inception, over 24,000 children have been enrolled in the Take Stock in Children program, which is active in over 800 Florida schools.
History
In 1995, Don Pemberton founded the Take Stock in Children organization, and in 1999, the program had its first graduating class. In 2010, the organization was awarded funds of around $5 million from the U.S. Department of Education's Investing in Innovation (i3) grant program. In 2013, Ted Carter was elected the chairperson of the organization. In 2017, the program's division in Manatee County, Florida collected used laptops to provide to the students enrolled in the program, with Cheryl Evans, TSIC's program coordinator for Manatee County, having stated "we were shocked to learn that many of our scholars are completing their homework assignments and even writing college essays on their cell phones".
In 2009, Brothers Nick and Nathan Gupta raised money to buy brand-new laptops for the recipients of the TSIC scholarship. This program, based in Santa Rosa and Escambia Counties has raised over $200,000 and a record $90,000 in the past three years.
Activities
The organization offers volunteer mentors, college success coaches, and, ultimately, college scholarship to low-income students in Florida. Once in the eighth grade, students can apply for the program and have to meet income eligibility requirements while maintaining satisfactory grades in school. The program selects 20 to 25 students annually out of as many as 200 applications. Children in the program are paired with adult volunteer mentors, who meet with their students at their respective schools for half an hour each week, and are trained, monitored, and evaluated by the TSIC program. Each student is also assigned a student advocate, who provides assistance and works closely with mentors and school staff. The TSIC program also provides college transition and college retention services for students' first-year student year of college.
Statistics
The organization has reported that 96% of students enrolled in the TSIC program graduate high school on time, and that 67% of TSIC students complete college, in comparison to the Florida state average of 25% for students in poverty.
References
501(c)(3) organizations
1995 establishments in Florida
Educational institutions established in 1995
Educational institutions in the United States
Non-profit organizations based in the United States
Non-profit organizations based in Florida
The 2020–21 Chicago State Cougars men's basketball team represented Chicago State University in the 2020–21 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Cougars were led by third-year head coach Lance Irvin. They played their home games at the Emil and Patricia Jones Convocation Center as members of the Western Athletic Conference. They finished the season 0–9, 0–0 in WAC play before suspending the season due to COVID-19 and an insufficient number of players.
Previous season
The 2019–20 Cougars finished the 2019–20 season 4–25, 0–14 in WAC play to finish in last place. They were set to be the eighth overall seed in the WAC Tournament, but the tournament was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Offseason
Departures
Transfers
Levelle Ziegler - East LA College
Isaiah Simpson - Santa Monica College
Aaris-Monte Bonds - Southeastern CC
Coreyoun Rushin - Idaho State
Jordan Polynice - East LA College
2020 recruiting class
Preseason
WAC media poll
The WAC men's basketball media poll was released on October 27, 2020. Chicago State was picked to finish ninth.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| WAC regular season
|-
|-
Source
Rankings
*AP does not release post-NCAA Tournament rankings
References
Chicago State Cougars men's basketball seasons
Chicago State
Chicago State
Chicago State
Chicago State
"Own It" is a 2019 song by Stormzy featuring Ed Sheeran and Burna Boy.
Own It may also refer to
"Own it", to take ownership or responsibility
Music
Own It (album), a 2018 album by Francesca Battistelli
"Own It" (Rico Nasty song), a 2020 single by Rico Nasty off the album Nightmare Vacation
"Own It", a 2018 song by Ella Mai, off the self-titled album Ella Mai
"Own It", a 2013 song by Drake, off the album Nothing Was the Same
"OwNiT" (DJ Premier and Bumpy Knuckles song), a 2012 song off the album Kolexxxion
Other uses
Own It (Need for Speed), a videogame mode found in the 2009 game Need for Speed: Nitro
Own It (comics), a 5-part 2016 story arc from the comic book Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Ten
Own It Tours, a 2019 USA-wide series of talks about self-acceptance and body image conducted by Sports Illustrated swimsuit model Camille Kostek
OwnIt Mortgage Solutions, a financial services company that went defunct in the Great Rececssion
See also
OWN (disambiguation)
It (disambiguation)
Information technology (own IT: local tech, internal IT department)
The white-starred robin (Pogonocichla stellata) is a species of bird in the Old World flycatcher and chat family Muscicapidae. It is also sometimes more simply called the starred robin. It is monotypic within the genus Pogonocichla. There are around twelve subspecies. The species is found in East and southern Africa. It is a forest species, occurring in montane forest in the north of its range but closer to sea level further south. This is a brightly coloured robin with a bright yellow breast and belly, a slate coloured head with spots on the eyes and throat and blueish wings.
The white-starred robin gives a range of calls that vary geographically. The diet is dominated by insects, although some fruit is taken as well. It is a territorial and seasonal breeder that lays up to three eggs in a domed nest. The generic name Pogoncichla is derived from the Greek pogon for beard, a reference to the white spots on the throat and face, and kikhle for thrush. Similarly the specific name stellata and the species' common name are also derived from the facial spots.
Taxonomy
The white-starred robin is related to the chats, subfamily Saxicolinae, a group formerly placed with the thrush family Turdidae, but now placed in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae. Its position within the family is somewhat uncertain; along with three other monotypic African robin genera it is thought to have affinities with the robin-chats in the genus Cossypha, and it is sometimes placed close to the Swynnerton's robin (Swynnertonia). The taxonomy within the species is highly complex, as across its range it has some subspecies with intermediate plumages between juveniles and adults, and in some not. There are also different songs across the subspecies and in particular two types of pipping call which have a patchwork distribution across the range and between the subspecies.
At present twelve subspecies are recognised:
Pogonocichla stellata stellata (Vieillot, 1818) is found in eastern and southern South Africa
P. s. transvaalensis (Roberts, 1912) is found in northern South Africa
P. s. chirindensis (Roberts, 1914) is found in East Zimbabwe
P. s. hygrica (Clancey, 1969) is found in west Mozambique.
P. s. orientalis (G.A. Fischer & Reinchenow, 1884) in west, east and south Tanzania, Malawi and Mozambique
P. s. guttifer (Reinchenow & Neumann, 1895), Mount Kilimanjaro, Tanzania
P. s. helleri (Mearns, 1913), Taita Hills, Kenya, and north-eat Tanzania
P. s. macarthuri (van Someren, 1939), Chyulu Hills, Kenya
P. s. intensa (Sharpe, 1901), north and central Kenya and north Tanzania
P. s. elgonensis (Ogilvie-Grant, 1911), Mount Elgon, Kenya and Uganda
P.s. ruwenzorii (Ogilvie-Grant, 1906), north-east Democratic Republic of the Congo, south west Uganda, west Rwanda and Burundi
P. s. pallidiflava (Cunningham-van Someren & Schifter, 1981), Imatong Mountains, South Sudan
Several other races have been described; friedmanni, which is synonymised with ruwenzorii, lebombo, from the border of South Africa and Eswatini, which is synonymised with transvaalensis, and margaritata, which is synonymised with the nominate race. In Bowie's 2006 study of the genetics of the northern subspecies intensa and pallidiflava were treated as a single subspecies, keniensis.
Description
The white-starred robin is a small robin, in length and weighing between , with the females being slightly smaller than the males. The plumage of the nominate race is slate-grey on the head, with a white spot in front of each eye and another small one on the throat. The mantle and part of the wings are green (moss-green in the mantle, olive-green on the wings), the rest of the wings are bluish grey, and the tail is black with yellow lateral stripes. The breast and belly are bright yellow, and the legs are pinkish. The plumage of both sexes are alike. The bill is broad and black, and unlike other robin species, is surrounded by well-developed rictal bristles used in flycatching. Juvenile birds are blackish-brown above with golden flecks, and yellow with brown scaling below. The nominate race has a sub-adult plumage, which is dusky olive above, yellow breast and belly, with grey streaks, and the tail is as adult but brownish instead of black. This sub-adult plumage is retained for up to two years.
The race pallidiflava is as the nominate, but with a paler yellow on the breast and belly. intensa is quite different, with a bronze-washed back, a yellow rump and slate edges on the flight feathers. The race ruwenzori is like intensa but with a deeper yellow on the breast. The race elgonensis is as nominate but with an all black tail, the subadult of this species has some yellow on the tail, macarthuri is more pale below and has a deeper greenish-olive back. The race helleri has a green back and yellow rump, whereas the rump of orientalis is green, as well as having greyish wings and more greenish yellow-upper wings. The race hygrica is as nominate but with a saturated moss-green back, and the race transvaalensis is as hygrica but more orange yellow below and with a silvery edge to the flight feathers, finally chirindensis is brighter yellow-green on the back.
Habitat
The white-starred robin is a principally found in primary or secondary moist evergreen forest. It needs forest with a good understory of shrubs and vines. It also occupies forest edges, pine and wattle plantations, evergreen woodlands and forest edge gardens. It occasionally is reported in bamboo or heath zones in some mountains. In the northern parts of its range, near the equator, it occurs in mountains between in elevation (sometimes as high as ), further south in Zimbabwe it seldom occurs above , and in South Africa it can occur at sea level.
The white-starred robin is a partial migrant. This migration is altitudinal, with birds moving to lower altitudes during the winter (April to September), and is much more pronounced in the southern parts of the range. In Malawi birds descend to the shores of lake Malawi (), birds in South Africa and Mozambique move as low as sea-level, and may move from their breeding sites. In Malawi studies established that the males remained in their breeding territories, while the females moved away during the winter.
Behaviour
Voice
The calls and songs of the white-starred robin are geographically variable. Both sexes sing the territorial advertising song, which is a quiet song sung from near the ground. The courtship call is sung during a display flight, and is rendered as a sustained "wiii wii wiii". The loud contact call, also used as a warning call, varies by subspecies. The first type, used by intensa, ruwenzori, guttifer, orientalis and the nominate race, is a disyllabic "too-twii", the second type, used by macarthuri, helleri and transvaalensis is a more complex multisyllabic "ter-whe dada wiiyoo" or "wheh chiiyoo wher-ter-weh techiiyoo".
Diet and feeding
The white-starred robin feeds principally on insects and fruits. In one study of fecal samples conducted in KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa, beetles, moths and ants predominated in the samples, being found 83%, 58% and 43% of the time respectively. Other remains found included those of spiders, flies, caterpillars, amphipods, true bugs, wasps, grasshoppers and centipedes. The remains of fruit were found in 34% of the samples, with Canthium, Cassipourea, Ficus, Hedychium, Ilex, Kiggelaria and Rhus being found. The species has also been recorded feeding on other species, including snails, termites, mantids and even small frogs (of the genus Arthroleptis).
Breeding
The white-starred robin is a seasonal breeder, although the exact timing varies across its range. Birds have been recorded breeding or seen in breeding condition in August to May in the DR Congo, August to November in Rwanda. They in all month in East Africa, but with an attitudinal shift insofar as lowland birds prefer the wet season and highland birds breed in the dry season. In Zambia they breed from September to June, but only from September to January in Malawi. In South Africa the breeding season is September to December.
White-starred robins are territorial breeders, with the territories varying in size from 0.5 to 0.75 ha. The nest is unusual for the family in that it is a domed construction, built out of dead leaves, rootlets, moss and tendrils, and lined with leaf skeletons and fine plant material. The nest is well hidden, usually on sloping ground against a trunk or rock, but sometimes off the ground on a rotting trunk rock or earth bank. The nest takes seven days to construct, and is built by the female alone. Between two and three eggs are laid, with two being more common in the tropics and three being typical further south. Eggs are laid on consecutive days with incubation only beginning once the final egg has been laid. Incubation is carried out by the female alone. Incubation lasts between 16 and 18 days, after which chicks fledge around 13 to 15 days after hatching. The chicks remain dependent upon the parents for up to 42 days after hatching.
Nests are raided by small mammals such as shrews and rodents, as well as more rarely by large mammals like civets and monkeys. They are also targeted by brood parasites, principally red-chested cuckoos (six out of 85 nests checked in South Africa) but also other species like African emerald cuckoos.
References
External links
White-starred robin - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
white-starred robin
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Birds of East Africa
Birds of Southern Africa
white-starred robin
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Gachado Well was excavated between 1917 and 1919 near the Arizona-Mexico border in Pima County, Arizona. Named after a stooped mesquite tree, the well served a ranch owned by Lonald Blankenship. The line camp and water rights were sold in 1919 to Robert Louis Gray, who built an adobe house at the site in 1930. The house became a line camp, a bunkhouse for cowboys on the range in that area. The camp was used until 1976, when the Grays discontinued ranching. The site is located within Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument. It is accessible via the rough, unpaved Camino de Dos Republicas, which also leads to-Dos Lomitas Ranch, another Gray family property.
The site was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 2, 1978.
See also
Bates Well Ranch, another of the Gray family ranches in Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument
References
External links
National Register of Historic Places in Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument
Buildings and structures completed in 1917
Historic American Buildings Survey in Arizona
Wang Bo (; born 3 April 1970) is a Chinese former football player and football manager.  They are currently the interim manager of Chinese Super League side Beijing Renhe.
Managerial statistics
References
1970 births
Living people
Chinese football managers
The men's 800 metres events were held at the 2021 World Para Athletics European Championships in Bydgoszcz, Poland.
Medalists
See also
List of IPC world records in athletics
References
800 metres
2021 in men's athletics
800 metres at the World Para Athletics European Championships
The State of North Carolina has a group of twelve protected areas known as State Forests which are managed by the North Carolina Forest Service, an agency of the North Carolina Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services. The seven of the state forests are known as State Educational Forests, and they are primarily used to educate the public about the forest environment, forestry and forest management. One state forest, DuPont, was designated as a State Recreational Forest in recognition of its high recreational value and use. Most of the state forests provide recreational facilities for hiking and picnicking.
North Carolina state forests
See also
List of U.S. National Forests
List of North Carolina state parks
Notes
References
External links
website for the NC Forest Service.
North Carolina
Love for Share () is a 2006 Indonesian film directed by Nia Dinata. It tells three interrelated stories. It was submitted to the 79th Academy Awards as Indonesia's official submission for the Best Foreign Language Film, but was not nominated. The film received Golden Orchid Award as Best Foreign Language Film at the Hawaii Film Festival in 2007.
The film tells the intersecting stories of three women: Salma is a gynecologist who questions the morality of polygamy. But as a faithful Muslim, they accept their polygamous husband, despite the problems they cause. Siti is a village girl who gets tricked into a polygamous household in a Jakarta slum. Ming is a beautiful young waiter who becomes the mistress of a married man to further their ambitions.
Cast
Jajang C. Noer as Salma
Shanty as Siti
Dominique Agisca Diyose as Ming
El Manik as Mr. Haji Ali Rohim
Tio Pakusadewo as Koh Abun
Lukman Sardi as Mr. Lik
Nungki Kusumastuti as Indri
Ria Irawan as Sri
Ira Maya Sopha as Cik Linda
Winky Wiryawan as Nadim
Rieke Diah Pitaloka as Dwi
Reuben Elishama as Firman
Atiqah Hasiholan as Fatima
Janna Soekasah as Santi
Melissa Karim as Cik Linda's daughter
Cameos
Ikke Nurjanah as themselves
Lula Kamal as Dr. Lula
Alvin Adam as Dr. Joko
Dewi Irawan as Professor Opponent of Polygamy
Maudy Koesnaedi as Talkshow Presenter
Laudya Cynthia Bella as the fourth wife
Aming as taxi driver
Erwin Parengkuan
Wak Ujang
Yuanita Christiani as Cik Linda's daughter
Ronny P. Tjandra as Koh Afung
Rusdi Rukmarata as acting coach
Soundtrack
OST. Berbagi Suami is a compilation album released under the label Aksara Records in 2006 to accompany the film. Musicians on the album include the indie rock group Sore.
References
External links
2006 films
2000s Indonesian-language films
2006 comedy-drama films
Films shot in Indonesia
Polygamy in fiction
Indonesian comedy-drama films
LGBT-related comedy-drama films
Indonesian LGBT-related films
Loha means Iron in Hindi
Loha may also refer to:
Places
Loha, Nanded, a town in Nanded district, Maharashtra state of India
Loha (Vidhan Sabha constituency), assembly constituency in Maharashtra state of India
Loha taluka, tehsil in Maharashtra state of India
Films
Loha (1987 film), directed by Raj N. Sippy
Loha (1997 film), directed by Kanti Shah
Loha (2004 film), a Pakistani film of 2004
See also
Loha Singh, 1966 Bhojpuri language Indian film
Nadeem Ehsan is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from February 2008 to December 2012 and the Minister of State for Overseas Pakistani from May 2011 to December 2012.
Political career
They flee Pakistan during Operation Clean-up and returned to Pakistan in 2008.
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Muttahida Qaumi Movement from Constituency NA-247 (Karachi-IX) in 2008 Pakistani general election.
In May 2011, they were inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani and was made Minister of State for Overseas Pakistani. In June 2012, they inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Raja Pervaiz Ashraf and was re-appointed as Minister of State for Overseas Pakistani.
They resigned from their National Assembly seat in December 2012 due to having dual nationality.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Living people
Muttahida Qaumi Movement MNAs
Year of birth missing (living people)
A Nesthäkchen is the youngest child in a family. Else Ury's Nesthäkchen is a Berlin doctor's daughter, Annemarie Braun, a slim, golden blond, quintessential German girl. The ten-book Nesthäkchen series follows Annemarie from infancy (Nesthäkchen and Them Dolls) to old age and grandchildren (Nesthäkchen with White Hair). The first volume of the series, originally published by Meidingers Jugendschriften Verlag Berlin 1913, tells the story of Annemarie's early life.
Plot summary
The main character of the series is six-year-old Annemarie Braun. Since they are eleven years old at the outbreak of World War I, they must have been born in 1903. Volume 1 thus takes place in the German Empire. The family lives in the Berlin district, Charlottenburg, on Knesebeckstraße. Annemarie's father is Dr. Edmund Braun. Them mother Elsbeth is a housewife. Annemarie's older brothers are the virtuous Hans (the oldest) and the cheeky Klaus. The boys personify polar opposites, the two sides of Annemarie's character: on the one hand the wild, curious and venturesome Klaus, on the other hand, the honest, hard-working, industrious Hans. As the youngest child in the family, Annemarie is referred to as "Nesthäkchen," but they are also nicknamed "Lotte." Other residents of the Braun home are the cook Hanne, who refers to Annemarie as "her" child; the maid Frieda; the nanny Lena, called "Fräulein" by Annemarie; the dog Puck and Annemarie's canary Antics. The extended family includes a maternal grandmother and grandmother's sister Albertina. Mother Elsbeth's sister Kate lives on an estate in Silesia, "Arnsdorf," with Uncle Henry and their children Ellie, Herbert and Peter. Nesthäkchen and Them Dolls describes the everyday adventures of little Annemarie in the years 1909 and 1910. Because Annemarie is a "higher daughter," they are not allowed to play with the other (socially subordinate) children in the courtyard and they spend most of their time with their dolls. Them favorite is the doll Gerda. Often the "thoughts" of the dolls are portrayed. They represent moral authority and are the voice of Else Ury (for example, "Annemarie knew that doll Gerda did not agree with…"). When Gerda's doll wig comes off, Annemarie cuts off one of their own braids, which they believe will grow on their bald doll's head. To escape the chaos of house cleaning, Annemarie must usually go for a walk with their nanny. Annemarie hopes for rain. They have heard that when it rains, "the barometer falls" and decides to help by taking Father's barometer off the wall and dropping it on the floor. An organ grinder makes Annemarie forget the prohibition of playing with socially subordinate children. They dance with the other children in the courtyard and runs with them, behind the hurdy-gurdy man, through the streets of Charlottenburg. With a sailor girl, Lina, Annemarie trades their fine shoes for Lina's clogs. Annemarie visits their relatives on their estate, Arnsdorf, where the sheltered city child experiences the freedom of unsupervised play outdoors for the first time. As Annemarie is bored at home, their mother sends them to a nursery school, a surprisingly modern choice in the early 20th century. The book ends with the celebration of Christmas and a reflection on Annemarie's upcoming first school year. Annemarie holds a doll wedding to say farewell to them toys.
Critical reception
"The warm and inviting earliest adventures of a favorite children's book character from another era." Kirkus Reviews
Predecessor
Annemarie is a spirited and lively child, similar to Der Trotzkopf (literally: "The Stubborn Head") of author Emmy von Rhoden. Ilse Macket, von Rhoden's hero, is a predecessor of Else Ury's Nesthäkchen, Annemarie Braun. Ilse, like Annemarie, is vivacious and frequently disobedient. Ilse is popular nevertheless, not because of tedious learned virtues, but because of their kindness, honesty and unpretentiousness. Like Annemarie, Ilse is their father's favorite.
Genre
The Nesthäkchen books represent a German literary genre, the Backfischroman, a girls' novel that describes maturation and was intended for readers 12 – 16 years old. A Backfisch ("teenage girl", literally "fish for frying") is a young girl between fourteen and seventeen years of age. The Backfischroman was in fashion between 1850 and 1950. It dealt overwhelmingly with stereotypes, traditional social images of growing girls absorbing societal norms. The stories ended in marriage, with the hero becoming a Hausfrau. Among the most successful Backfischroman authors, beside Else Ury, were Magda Trott, Emmy von Rhoden with their Der Trotzkopf and Henny Koch. Ury intended to end the Nesthäkchen series with volume 6, Nesthäkchen Flies From the Nest, describing Nesthäkchen's marriage. Meidingers Jugendschriften Verlag, their Berlin publisher, was inundated with a flood of letters from Ury's young fans, begging for more Nesthäkchen stories. After some hesitation, Ury wrote four more Nesthäkchen volumes, and included comments about their initial doubts in an epilogue to volume 7, Nesthäkchen and Them Chicks.
Author
Else Ury (November 1, 1877, in Berlin – January 13, 1943, in the Auschwitz concentration camp) was a German writer and children's book author. Them best-known character is the blonde doctor's daughter Annemarie Braun, whose life from childhood to old age is told in the ten volumes of the highly successful Nesthäkchen series. The books, the six-part TV series Nesthäkchen (1983), based on the first three volumes, as well as the new DVD edition (2005) caught the attention of millions of readers and viewers.
References
German children's literature
Fictional German people
German books
Child characters in literature
Children's fiction books
1913 children's books
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1638.
Events
January 3 – Joost van den Vondel's historical play Gijsbrecht van Aemstel is first performed, to mark the opening of the Schouwburg of Van Campen, Amsterdam's first public theatre (postponed from 26 December 1637). It is then performed annually in the city on New Year's Day until 1968.
February 6 – Luminalia, a masque written by Sir William Davenant and designed by Inigo Jones, is staged at the English Court.
March 27 – The King's Men perform Chapman's tragedy Bussy D'Ambois at the English Court.
May – English poet John Milton sets out for a tour of the European continent. They spend the summer in Florence where they later claims to have met the incarcerated Galileo.
October 27 – The King's Men act Ben Jonson's satirical city comedy Volpone (1606) at the Blackfriars Theatre in London.
unknown dates
An Armenian language edition of the Psalms printed in New Julfa (Isfahan) is the first book printed in Persia.
The Peking Gazette, official newspaper of the Ming Government in Beijing, makes a switch in its production process from woodblock printing to wooden movable type printing.
Swiss-born engraver Matthäus Merian produces their illustrated view of London.
New books
Prose
Maximilien de Béthune, duc de Sully – Mémoires ou Sages et Royales Oeconomies d'estat
Méric Casaubon – A Treatise of Use and Custom
Johann Amos Comenius – Janua Linguarum Reserata, or a Seed-Plot of All Languages and Sciences
Sir Kenelm Digby – A Conference With a Lady About a Choice of Religion
Robert Fludd – Philosophia Moysaica
Juan Rodriguez Freyle – El Carnero
Francis Godwin, Bishop of Hereford (died 1633; as Domingo Gonsales) – The Man in the Moone, or the Discovrse of a Voyage thither, an early example of science fiction
John Lilburne – A Work of the Beast
Philip Massinger – The Duke of Milan (second quarto)
John Pell – An Idea of Mathematicks
Francisco de Quevedo – De los remedios de cualquier fortuna
Captain John Underhill – News from America, or a New and Experimental Discovery of New England
John Wilkins – The Discovery of a World in the Moon
Drama
Richard Brome – The Antipodes
Antonio Coello – El conde de Sex, o Dar la vida por su dama
Pierre Corneille – Le Cid (first English translation)
Abraham Cowley – Naufragium Joculare (in Latin)
William Davenant
The Unfortunate Lovers
The Fair Favorite
Luminalia (masque)
Brittania Triumphans (masque)
John Ford
The Lady's Trial licensed
The Fancies Chaste and Noble published
Thomas Heywood – The Wise Woman of Hoxton published
Henry Killigrew – The Conspiracy published
John Kirke (?) or Wentworth Smith (?) – The Seven Champions of Christendom published
Tirso de Molina – Las Quinas de Portugal
Thomas Nabbes – The Bride
Thomas Randolph – Amyntas, or the Impossible Dowry published
William Rowley – A Shoemaker a Gentleman published
Pierre du Ryer – Alcione
James Shirley
The Royal Master performed and published
The Duke's Mistress published
Sir John Suckling – The Goblins
Lope de Vega – Porfiar hasta morir
Juan Pérez de Montalbán
Los amantes de Teruel
Tomo II de comedias
Poetry
John Barclay – The Mirror of Minds (posthumous)
Richard Braithwaite (alias "Corymbaeus") – Barnabee's Journal (In Latin and English versions)
William Davenant – Madagascar, with other Poems
Shackerley Marmion – A Funeral Sacrifice, to the Sacred Memory of their Thrice-Honored Father, Ben Jonson
John Milton – Lycidas
Births
January 1 – Nicolas Steno (Niels Steenson), Danish scientist (died 1686)
January 24 – Charles Sackville, 6th Earl of Dorset, English poet (died 1706)
May 13 – Richard Simon, French Biblical commentator (died 1712)
August 6 – Nicolas Malebranche, French philosopher (died 1715)
October – Edmé Boursault, French dramatist and miscellanist (died 1701)
probable – Hannah Allen, English Protestant writer (year of death unknown)
Deaths
January 27 – Gonzalo de Céspedes y Meneses, Spanish novelist (born c. 1585)
April 19 – Jeremias Drexel, German Jesuit religious writer (born 1581)
June 25 – Juan Pérez de Montalbán, Spanish dramatist, poet and novelist (born c. 1602)
December 8 – Ivan Gundulić, Croatian Baroque poet (born 1589)
c. December – John Day, English playwright and poet (born 1574)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
The National Defence and Security Council (, ; abbreviated NDSC) is an eleven-member national security council responsible for security and defence affairs in Myanmar. Though the president is the chief executive of the government of Myanmar, the 2008 Constitution reserves certain important executive powers for the NDSC and certain actions of the president require approval by the NDSC. The council is typically controlled by Tatmadaw members. NDSC was formed on 31 March 2011. Of the 11 members, the Commander-in-chief appointed 5 members and controls 6 votes. The Tatmadaw directly reports to NDSC. The NDSC's existence is enshrined in Chapter V of the Constitution of Myanmar.
The NDSC's constitutionally enshrined roles include expansive powers:
Recommend pardonees for the President to grant amnesty
Approve the President's act of severing foreign diplomatic relations
Coordinate with the President to take military action against aggressors
Approve the Tatmadaw's ability to conscript citizens
Nominate a candidate for Commander-in-Chief of Defence Services, to be appointed by the president
Coordinate with the President in declaring a state of emergency
Exercise legislative, executive and judiciary powers during a state of emergency
Exercise sovereign power during a state of emergency
Members
According to the Constitution, NDSC's membership must consist of the following individuals:
President
First Vice-President
Second Vice-President
Speaker of the Pyithu Hluttaw
Speaker of the Amyotha Hluttaw
Commander-in-Chief of the Defence Services
Deputy Commander-in-Chief of the Defence Services
Minister for Defence
Minister for Foreign Affairs
Minister for Home Affairs
Minister for Border Affairs
National Defence and Security Council of Myint Swe (2021–present)
National Defence and Security Council of Win Myint (2018–2021)
National Defence and Security Council of Htin Kyaw (2016–2018)
National Defence and Security Council of Thein Sein (2011–2016)
As of 9 July 2013, NDSC was composed of the following members:
References
See also
Government of Burma
Government agencies of Myanmar
Myanmar
2011 establishments in Myanmar
Government agencies established in 2011
Military of Myanmar
Mylène Demongeot (born Marie-Hélène Demongeot; 29 September 1935) is a French film, television and theatre actor and author with a career spanning almost seven decades and more than 100 credits in French, Italian and English speaking productions.  They are most commercially known as Milady de Winter in The Three Musketeers (1961). They also have a cult following based on the Fantomas trilogy, as Hélène Gurn opposite Louis de Funès and Jean Marais: Fantômas (1964), Fantômas Unleashed (1965) and Fantômas Against Scotland Yard (1967). In the United States, they co-starred with David Niven in Otto Preminger's Bonjour Tristesse (1958) and in the United Kingdom they appeared in several comedies, including It's A Wonderful World (1956) and Upstairs and Downstairs (1959). A "veteran of cinema" who started as one of the blond sex symbols of the 1950s and 1960s, they managed to avoid typecasting by exploring many film genres including thrillers, westerns, comedies, swashbucklers, period films and even pepla, such as Romulus and the Sabines (1961) and Gold for the Caesars (1963).
They were also nominated for the BAFTA Award for Most Promising Newcomer to Leading Film Roles for their portrayal of Abigail Williams in The Crucible (1957) which also garnered their best actor at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival, and was twice nominated for Best Supporting Actress at the César Awards for 36 Quai des Orfèvres (2004) and French California (2006). In 2017, they were made Knight of the Légion d'Honneur by ethologist and neurologist Boris Cyrulnik and Commander of the Ordre des Arts et de Lettres in 2007 under the French Republic.
Early life
Demongeot was born in Nice, Southern France and is the daughter of Alfred Jean Demongeot, born on January 30, 1897 in Nice (son of Marie Joseph Marcel Demongeot, career soldier, and Clotilde Faussonne di Clavesana, Italian comtesse) and Claudia Troubnikova, born May 17, 1904 In Kharkiv (Ukraine). They have a half-brother, Leonid Ivantov, born in Kharbin (China) on December 17, 1925, from the first marriage of their mother.
Career
Radio
Between September 2013 and June 2014, they were a columnist member of the radio show Les Grosses Têtes by Philippe Bouvard on RTL.
Private life
They were married to director Marc Simenon from 1968 until their death in 1999. They reside in a country house in Mayenne surrounded by animals.  They are a member of the honor committee of the (English: Right to Die with Dignity - ADMD).
Demongeot was the victim of a financial scam set up by their account manager who stole two million euros from her, money which was used to make loans to numerous high-profile personalities, like Isabelle Adjani, Alexandre Arcady or Samy Naceri. Justice took hold of the case in June 2012 and two banks were found guilty. They recount these years of proceedings in their book Très chers escrocs… (2019, English: Very Dear Crooks…).
Quotes
Among the quotes on or from their colleagues, are found:
Brigitte Bardot wrote in one of their books: "Mylène was my little cinema sister, then became my combat sister, a libra like me, they have always loved animals, even going so far as to save a baby lion from set that they brought back to the hotel which hosted them during the filming".
Arthur Miller wrote: "Mylene Demongeot was [in The Crucible] truly beautiful, and so bursting with real sexuality as to become a generalized force whose effects on the community transcended herself."
Demongeot met Gary Cooper at the opening of the first escalator to be installed in a cinema, at the Rex Theatre in Paris, on June 7, 1957. They declared in a filmed interview: "Gary Cooper was sublime, there I have to say, now he, was part of the stars, Gary Cooper, Cary Grant, John Wayne, those great Americans who I've met really were unbelievable guys, there aren't any like them anymore."
On David Niven they said in a filmed interview: "He was like a lord, they were part of those great actors who were extraordinary like Dirk Bogarde, individuals with lots of class, elegance and humour. I only saw David get angry once. Preminger had discharged them for the day but eventually asked to get him. I said, sir, you had discharged him, they left for Deauville to gamble at the casino. So we rented an helicopter so they immediately went and grabbed him. Two hours later, they were back, full of rage. There I saw David lose their British phlegm, their politeness and class. It was royal. [Laughs]."
Filmography
Theater
Bibliography
References
External links
Mylène Demongeot at AlloCiné
Mylène Demongeot - Personal Website
1935 births
Living people
People from Nice
French film actores
Eastern Orthodox Christians from France
20th-century French actores
21st-century French actores
French people of Ukrainian descent
The In the Flesh Tour, also known as the Animals Tour, was a concert tour by the English rock band Pink Floyd in support of their 1977 album Animals. It was divided in two legs: one in Europe and another in North America. The tour featured large inflatable puppets, as well as a pyrotechnic "waterfall", and one of the biggest and most elaborate stages to date, including umbrella-like canopies that would rise from the stage to protect the band from the elements.
This was the only tour in which Pink Floyd played songs from Animals live. Pink Floyd would never again play songs from Animals during their tours, but the flying pig still appeared with different designs. Only Roger Waters would continue playing songs from Animals live. This tour was also the only tour where Pink Floyd played the entire Wish You Were Here (1975) album.
History
Pink Floyd's marketing strategy for the In the Flesh Tour was very aggressive, filling pages of The New York Times and Billboard magazine. To promote their four-night run at Madison Square Garden in New York City, there was a Pink Floyd parade on 6th Avenue featuring pigs and sheep. Although the Animals album had not been as commercially successful as the previous two, the band managed to sell out arenas and stadiums in America and Europe, setting scale and attendance records. In Chicago, the band played to an estimated audience of 95,000; in Cleveland and Montreal, they set attendance records for those venues by playing to about 80,000 people.
This was the Floyd's first tour since 1973 not to use female backing singers. Augmenting the band were sax player Dick Parry (who occasionally played keyboards out of view of the audience) and guitarist Snowy White, who also played bass on "Sheep", "Pigs (Three Different Ones)" and "Welcome to the Machine". Roger Waters played electric guitar on "Sheep" and "Pigs" and acoustic guitar on "Welcome to the Machine".
In the first half of the show, the band played all Animals in a different sequence than the album, starting with "Sheep", then "Pigs on the Wing (Part I)", "Dogs", "Pigs on the Wing (Part II)" and "Pigs (Three Different Ones)".
At some venues, paper sheep and pigs designed by Tim Hunkin were fired over the audience and parachuted back to earth. Some venues prohibited this, however.
During "Pigs (Three Different Ones)", Waters shouted the number of the concert on the tour (such as "1–5!" for the fifteenth show) so recordings of the shows would be easy to distinguish from each other. The second half of the show comprised the Wish You Were Here album in its exact running order ("Shine On You Crazy Diamond (Parts I–V)", "Welcome to the Machine", "Have a Cigar", "Wish You Were Here" and "Shine On You Crazy Diamond (Parts VI–IX)"). This was the first time "Welcome to the Machine" and "Wish You Were Here" were played live, with the latter being played differently than the studio album. It featured an extended guitar solo, a reprise of the second verse and Richard Wright closing the song with a piano solo. The encores were "Money" and often "Us and Them" from The Dark Side of the Moon. At the Oakland, California show on 9 May they played "Careful with That Axe, Eugene" as a second encore, the first time it had been played since 1974 and the last time it was ever performed.
During the tour, Waters began to exhibit increasingly aggressive behaviour, and would often scold disruptive audiences who lit off fireworks, and yelled and screamed during the quieter numbers. In the New York shows they had to use local workers as lighting technicians due to union problems with their own crew. They had several difficulties with the workers; for example, Waters once had to beckon one of the spotlights to move higher when it only illuminated their lower legs and feet while they were singing.
The final night of the tour on 6 July at Montreal's Olympic Stadium ended with Pink Floyd performing a second encore of "Drift Away Blues" as the roadies dismantled the instruments in front of the insatiable audience who refused to let the band leave the stadium. David Gilmour sat out the final encore as they were unhappy with the band's performance that night. Snowy White played a bluesy guitar solo in Gilmour's place. A small riot at the front of the stage followed the band's eventual exit. Earlier that night, Waters spat in the face of a disruptive fan; The Wall grew out of Waters' thoughts about this incident, particularly their growing awareness that stardom had alienated them from their audience. "It was a funny gig," recalled guitarist Snowy White. "It was a really weird vibe… I used to just do my job. But it was interesting to look across the stage and see Roger spitting at this guy at the front… It was a very strange gig. Not very good vibes."
Tour band
David Gilmour – lead electric guitars (except as noted); lap steel guitar on "Shine On You Crazy Diamond, Part VI"; lead and backing vocals; bass guitar on "Pigs On the Wing, Part 2" (second US leg only)
Roger Waters – bass guitar (except where noted); lead and backing vocals; electric guitar on "Sheep" and "Pigs (Three Different Ones)"; acoustic guitar on "Pigs on the Wing, Parts 1 and 2" and "Welcome to the Machine"
Richard Wright – keyboards; backing vocals
Nick Mason – drums; percussion
Additional musicians:
Snowy White – guitars (harmony lead on "Dogs", lead on "Pigs on the Wing, Part 2", "Have a Cigar" and "Shine On You Crazy Diamond" (link from Part VI to Part VII, dual lead on Part VIII and harmony lead Part IX, 12-string acoustic guitar on "Wish You Were Here"); backing vocals; bass guitar on "Sheep", "Pigs (Three Different Ones)" and "Welcome to the Machine"
Dick Parry – saxophones, backing keyboards
Set list
A typical 1977 set list would include the following:
Set 1 – Animals:
"Sheep"
"Pigs on the Wing, Part 1"
"Dogs"
"Pigs on the Wing, Part 2"
"Pigs (Three Different Ones)"
Set 2 – Wish You Were Here:
"Shine On You Crazy Diamond, Parts I–V"
"Welcome to the Machine"
"Have a Cigar"
"Wish You Were Here"
"Shine On You Crazy Diamond, Parts VI–IX"
Encore:
"Money"
"Us and Them" (only performed on 23 January, 1 February, 16 March, 18 March, 22 April, 26 April, 30 April–1 May, 4 May, 9–10 May, 25 June–6 July)
Second encore:
"Careful with That Axe, Eugene" (performed once on 9 May 1977 in Oakland, California)
"Drift Away Blues" (blues improvisation performed once on 6 July 1977, Montreal, Quebec, in response to an aggressive audience)
Tour dates
Box office score data
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Brain Damage.co.uk
Pink Floyd concert tours
1977 concert tours
USA-79, also known as GPS IIA-3, GPS II-12 and GPS SVN-25, was an American navigation satellite which formed part of the Global Positioning System. It was the third of nineteen Block IIA GPS satellites to be launched.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55.0°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
GPS Block 2 was the operational system, following the demonstration system composed of Block 1 (Navstar 1 - 11) spacecraft. These spacecraft were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied 710 watts of power. They used S-band (SGLS) communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. The payload consisted of two L-band navigation signals at 1575.42 MHz (L1) and 1227.60 MHz (L2). Each spacecraft carried 2 rubidium and 2 Cesium clocks and nuclear detonation detection sensors. Built by Rockwell Space Systems for the U.S. Air force, the spacecraft measured 5.3 m across with solar panels deployed and had a design life of 7.5 years.
Launch
USA-79 was launched at 22:29:00 UTC on 23 February 1992, atop a Delta II launch vehicle, flight number D207, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Launch Complex 17B (LC-17B) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS), and placed USA-79 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor.
Mission
On 27 March 1992, USA-79 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 714.70 minutes, and 54.70° of inclination to the equator. It had PRN 25, and operated in slot 2 of plane A of the GPS constellation. The satellite had a mass of . It had a design life of 7.5 years, and ceased operations on 18 December 2009.
References
Spacecraft launched in 1992
GPS satellites
USA satellites
The 2014 Dayton Dutch Lions season is the club's fifth season of existence, and fourth consecutive season of playing in the third division of American soccer. The club will be playing in the USL Pro.
Roster
Competitions
Preseason
USL Pro
Table
Results summary
Match results
U.S. Open Cup
Second round
Third round
Statistics
Goals
Assists
Transfers
References
Dayton Dutch LIons
Dayton Dutch Lions seasons
American soccer clubs 2014 season
2014 in sports in Ohio
Jannik Petersen Bjerrum (26 December 1851 – 2 July 1920) was a Danish ophthalmologist who was a native of Skærbæk, a town in the southernmost part of Jutland. In 1864 Skærbæk became part of Germany due to consequences of the Second Schleswig War.
In 1876 they received their medical doctorate from the University of Copenhagen, and in 1879 became an assistant to Edmund Hansen Grut (1831-1907) at the Havnegade eye clinic. After Grut's retirement in 1896, they became director of the clinic, as well as being the second professor of ophthalmology at the University of Copenhagen, a position they would maintain until their retirement in 1910.
Bjerrum made contributions regarding pathogenetic research of glaucoma, and performed extensive investigations involving campimetry. They were interested in the correlation between visual perception of form and the resolving power in localized regions of the retina. They were particularly focused on the subtleties of the central 30° of the visual field rather than the standard perimetry tests that many of their contemporaries favored.
As a result of their campimetric tests they discovered a small glaucomatous scotoma that was to become known as a "Bjerrum scotoma", which is a visual field defect that goes by several other names, such as "sickle scotoma", "arcuate scotoma" or "scimitar scotoma". Other eponyms named after Bjerrum include:
Bjerrum tangent screen: Screen used to assess the central 30° of the visual field.
Bjerrum's area: An arcuate region that extends above and below the blind spot to between 10° and 20° of fixation point.
After Bjerrum's retirement in 1910, their work in campimetry was continued by their assistant, Henning Rønne (1878-1947).
Jannik Petersen Bjerrum was the father of the chemist Niels Bjerrum and the brother of physicist Kirstine Meyer.
References
Ophthalmology Hall of Fame (biography)
Imaging and the Perimetry Society, The age of isopter perimetry: Bjerrum and the tangent screen
External links
1851 births
1920 deaths
People from Tønder Municipality
Danish ophthalmologists
University of Copenhagen faculty
University of Copenhagen alumni
Arbitration in Anguilla is regulated principally by the Arbitration Act (Cap A.105).
Text of the Arbitration Act
The Arbitration Act is believed to be the shortest statute in Anguilla. The text of the statute, in its entirety, consists of:
Arbitration Act (UK) to apply to Anguilla
1. The Arbitration Act (14 Geo. 6 c. 27) (UK) as amended from time to time shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be henceforth, in force in Anguilla, and all the provisions of the Act, so far as the same are applicable, shall mutatis mutandis apply to all proceedings relating to arbitration within Anguilla.
Citation
2. This Act may be cited as the Arbitration Act, Revised Statutes of Anguilla, Chapter A105.
The purpose of the Act is to apply the British Arbitration Act, 1950 to Anguilla. The 1950 Arbitration Act has now been repealed in its entirety in the United Kingdom. The last remaining parts of the Act which were in force were repealed by the Arbitration Act, 1996.
There are three schools of thought in relation to the proper interpretation of the provisions.
The first, and most popular, is the more purposive interpretation is that the words "as amended from time to time" should be construed broadly, and that the references to the 1950 Act should be construed as references to the statute that replaced it: the Arbitration Act, 1996.
The second is that the repeal of the various provisions of the 1950 Act means that de facto there is no longer any statute regulating arbitration in Anguilla.
The third is that an absolute interpretation should be taken, and that "amendment" should be limited to amendments, and does not include either repeal or re-enactment. Accordingly, although the provisions were repealed in the United Kingdom they were not amended, and therefore should be treated as still being in force in Anguilla.
In Vento v Fidelity Insurance Co Ltd the Eastern Caribbean Court of Appeal affirmed that the effect of the legislation was to import the 1996 Act, as amended, in to Anguillan law.
New York Convention, Geneva Protocol and Convention
Anguilla is not a party to the 1958 New York Convention. However, Anguilla is still a party to the Geneva Convention on the Execution of Foreign Arbitral Awards and the Protocol on Arbitration Clauses, both of which were extended by the United Kingdom to St. Christopher and Nevis, of which Anguilla originally was a part. The United Nations Treeaty Series shows the following statement of the British government of December 16, 1985: "At the time of accession, Anguilla was part of the territory of St. Christopher and Nevis. By 1978, Anguilla had a separate constitutional status, as part of the St. Christopher and Nevis/Anguilla group. St. Christopher and Nevis became independent on September 19, 1983 and Anguilla then reverted to being a dependant territory of the United Kingdom. Therefore, the Convention continues to apply to Anguilla."
Footnotes
Anguillan law
Economy of Anguilla
Anguilla
Phygelius, common names Cape fuchsia or Cape figwort, is a genus of flowering plants in the family Scrophulariaceae, native to wet slopes and banks in southern Africa. They are evergreen shrubs often treated as perennials in colder climates. They bear many pendent tubular flowers over a long period in summer, in shades of white, yellow and red. The vague similarity of the blooms to fuchsias has led to the common name Cape fuchsia, though they are not closely related.
Species
There are currently two species in this genus.
Phygelius capensis
Phygelius aequalis
Cultivars
Several cultivars are available for gardeners. Some are hybrids between the two known species. Development of the cultivars has taken place primarily in the United Kingdom in order to create varieties better fitted for the colder climate.
The following hybrid cultivars have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit:-
Phygelius × rectus 'African Queen'
Phygelius × rectus 'Devil's Tears'
Phygelius × rectus 'Salmon Leap'
References
External links
Phygelius information
BBG information
USDA profile
Flora of Africa
Flora of South Africa
Garden plants
Perennial plants
Shrubs
Scrophulariaceae
Scrophulariaceae genera
Carrier's constraint is the observation that air-breathing vertebrates which have two lungs and flex their bodies sideways during locomotion find it very difficult to move and breathe at the same time, because the sideways flexing expands one lung and compresses the other, shunting stale air from lung to lung instead of expelling it completely to make room for fresh air.
It was named by English paleontologist Richard Cowen for David R. Carrier, who wrote their observations on the problem in 1987.
Consequences
Most lizards move in short bursts, with long pauses for breath.
Around the Late Triassic period, animals with Carrier's constraint were preyed on by bipedal species that evolved a more efficient stride.
Solutions
Workarounds
Most snakes have only one lung, so Carrier's constraint does not apply.
Monitor lizards increase their stamina by using bones and muscles in the throat and floor of the mouth to "gulp" air via gular pumping.
Some other lizards, mainly agamids, use bipedal locomotion for running and avoid sideways flexing. Bipedality in modern lizards is very rare, but it is an effective way to run without pausing to breathe, and is advantageous for catching active prey or evading predators.
Crocodilians use a "high walk" with a more erect limb posture that minimizes sideways flexing to cross long distances. However, as they evolved from upright walkers with limited bipedality, this may simply be a remnant of past behavior rather than a specific adaptation to overcome this difficulty. Todd J. Uriona of the University of Utah hypothesized that costal ventilation may have aided the upright posture in overcoming the constraint.
Avoiding the constraint
Birds have erect limbs and rigid bodies, and therefore do not flex sideways when moving. In addition many of them have a mechanism which pumps both lungs simultaneously when the birds rock their hips.
Most mammals have erect limbs and flexible bodies, which makes their bodies flex vertically when moving quickly. This aids breathing, as it expands or compresses both lungs simultaneously.
Contrary evidence
Contrary to the above model, breathing is maintained in lizards during movement, even above their aerobic scope, and arterial blood remains well oxygenated.
In popular culture
Paleontologist Richard Cowen wrote a limerick to explain and celebrate Carrier's rule:
The reptilian idea of fun
Is to bask all day in the sun.
A physiological barrier,
Discovered by Carrier,
Says they can't breathe, if they run.
See also
Evolutionary physiology
Trade-off
References
Respiration
The Prandtl–Glauert singularity is a theoretical construct in flow physics, often incorrectly used to explain vapor cones in transonic flows.
It is the prediction by the Prandtl–Glauert transformation that infinite pressures would be experienced by an aircraft as it approaches the speed of sound. Because it is invalid to apply the transformation at these speeds, the predicted singularity does not emerge. The incorrect association is related to the early-20th-century misconception of the impenetrability of the sound barrier.
Reasons of invalidity around Mach 1
The Prandtl–Glauert transformation assumes linearity (i.e. a small change will have a small effect that is proportional to its size). This assumption becomes inaccurate toward Mach 1 and is entirely invalid in places where the flow reaches supersonic speeds, since sonic shock waves are instantaneous (and thus manifestly non-linear) changes in the flow. Indeed, one assumption in the Prandtl–Glauert transformation is approximately constant Mach number throughout the flow, and the increasing slope in the transformation indicates that very small changes will have a very strong effect at higher Mach numbers, thus violating the assumption, which breaks down entirely at the speed of sound.
This means that the singularity featured by the transformation near the sonic speed (M=1) is not within the area of validity. The aerodynamic forces are calculated to approach infinity at the so-called Prandtl–Glauert singularity; in reality, the aerodynamic and thermodynamic perturbations do get amplified strongly near the sonic speed, but they remain finite and a singularity does not occur. The Prandtl–Glauert transformation is a linearized approximation of compressible, inviscid potential flow. As the flow approaches sonic speed, the nonlinear phenomena dominate within the flow, which this transformation completely ignores for the sake of simplicity.
Prandtl–Glauert transformation
The Prandtl–Glauert transformation is found by linearizing the potential equations associated with compressible, inviscid flow. For two-dimensional flow, the linearized pressures in such a flow are equal to those found from incompressible flow theory multiplied by a correction factor. This correction factor is given below:
where
cp is the compressible pressure coefficient
cp0 is the incompressible pressure coefficient
M∞ is the freestream Mach number.
This formula is known as "Prandtl's rule", and works well up to low-transonic Mach numbers (M < ~0.7). However, note the limit:
This obviously nonphysical result (of an infinite pressure) is known as the Prandtl–Glauert singularity.
Reason for condensation clouds
The reason that observable clouds sometimes form around high speed aircraft is that humid air is entering low-pressure regions, which also reduces local density and temperature sufficiently to cause water to supersaturate around the aircraft and to condense in the air, thus creating clouds. The clouds vanish as soon as the pressure increases again to ambient levels.
In the case of objects at transonic speeds, the local pressure increase happens at the shock wave location.
Condensation in free flow does not require supersonic flow. Given sufficiently high humidity, condensation clouds can be produced in purely subsonic flow over wings, or in the cores of wing tips, and even within, or around vortices themselves. This can often be observed during humid days on aircraft approaching or departing airports.
See also
Prandtl–Glauert transformation
Compressible flow
Vapor cone
Sonic boom
References
Aerodynamics
Physical phenomena
Shock waves
Obsolete theories in physics
Amos Omolo (born 9 March 1937) is a Ugandan sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics. They won a bronze medal at the 440 yards at the 1962 British Empire and Commonwealth Games.
References
1937 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Ugandan male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Uganda
Athletes (track and field) at the 1962 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Uganda
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Mark Edward Pope (born September 11, 1972) is an American basketball coach and former player who is the nineteenth and current head coach of Brigham Young University's (BYU) men's basketball team. They played college basketball for the Kentucky Wildcats, where they were part of a national championship team, and the Washington Huskies, where they were the Pac-10 Freshman of the Year. They later played professionally in the National Basketball Association for the Indiana Pacers, Milwaukee Bucks and Denver Nuggets.
Career
Pope was a high school star at Newport High School in Bellevue, Washington and played two years at the University of Washington (UW). They earned Pac-10 Freshman of the Year honors in 1992 after setting a UW first-year student single-season record with 8.1 rebounds per game. They transferred to the University of Kentucky, where they were a captain of the 1996 NCAA Men's Basketball Championship team. Pope was a second round pick of the Indiana Pacers in the 1996 NBA draft. The 2004-05 season was their last, as they were cut in training camp with the Denver Nuggets the following season.
In 2006, Pope enrolled in medical school at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons in New York City. In 2009, they left medical school and joined Mark Fox's coaching staff at the University of Georgia. Fox was an assistant coach when both were at UW. The following season (2010–11), Pope moved to Wake Forest University to serve as an assistant under Jeff Bzdelik.
In May 2011, Pope was hired as an assistant to Dave Rose at BYU, when Dave Rice left to become the head coach at UNLV.
In March 2015, Pope was hired as the new head basketball coach at Utah Valley University (UVU), replacing the retiring Dick Hunsaker.
In April 2019, Pope was hired to replace Dave Rose as head coach at BYU after Rose retired.
Personal life
Pope and their wife, Lee Anne, a former assistant to talk show host David Letterman, have four daughters. Lee Anne is the daughter of the late Lynn Archibald, who was the head basketball coach at the University of Utah from 1983-1989 and was an assistant at BYU in the 1990s. Pope is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
BYU head coach (2019-present)
On April 10, 2019, Pope was hired as BYU's 19th head men's basketball coach since its inaugural season in 1902-03. Pope came back to BYU after serving as the head coach at Utah Valley the previous four seasons.
In their first season as BYU's head coach, Pope led the Cougars to a record of 24-8, the most wins for a first-year coach in program history. They became just the second first-year BYU coach to lead their team into the top 25 and the first to end their debut season ranked. The Cougars entered the top 25 as No. 23 in the AP Poll on Feb. 17 and jumped to as high as No. 14.
In league play, Pope guided the Cougars to a record of 13-3, second in the West Coast Conference (WCC). The 13 wins – which included a 91-78 victory over No. 2 Gonzaga in the Marriott Center – are tied for the most by BYU since joining the WCC in 2011. Gonzaga was the highest-ranked team BYU has defeated in the history of the Marriott Center. The Cougars finished the regular season on a nine-game win streak, the team's longest win streak in WCC play.
BYU boasted one of the most efficient offenses in the nation in 2019-20, evidenced by top 5 national rankings in several statistical categories. The Cougars finished the season ranked No. 1 in 3-point field goal percentage, No. 2 in assist/turnover ratio, No. 3 in field goal percentage, No. 4 in 3-point field goals per game and No. 5 in assists per game. In addition to the national rankings, BYU set program records for 3-point field goals in a single-game, 3-point field goals in a single season and 3-point field goals per game for a season.
In addition to the team success, three players earned All-WCC First Team honors in Yoeli Childs, T.J. Haws, and Jake Toolson. Childs also earned first-team All-District honors from the USBWA and NABC and was a Senior CLASS Award second-team All-American. Haws earned a spot on the CoSIDA Academic All-America Third Team and Toolson was named the WCC Newcomer of the Year.
The team was projected to be a lock for an at-large bid for the NCAA Tournament, which would have been their first berth since 2015. However, the COVID-19 pandemic cancelled the tournament and prematurely ended the successful season. BYU ended the season at No. 18 in the AP Poll and No. 16 in the USA Today Coaches Poll.
Pope gained a reputation for landing transfers in the offseason, including beating out alma mater Kentucky and Texas Tech to get top transfer Matt Haarms from Purdue. They also added Nigerian native Gideon George and UVU guard Brandon Averette, who was a former player of Pope while they were coaching the Wolverines.
Pope's early success with the Cougars continued in 2020-21, although the team was distinctly different in their styles than the previous season. The 2019-20 team mainly relied on their upperclassmen and three-point shooting. While the 2020-21 team is led by their three seniors Barcello, Averette, and Haarms, the team relies more on physical play due to much more size and has a lot more players off the bench to contribute, adding much depth. The team finished 10-3 in WCC play, highlighted by a big win at No. 18 San Diego State and a sweep of Saint Mary's.
The team reached the finals of the West Coast Conference Tournament, losing to Gonzaga 88-78. The team received an at-large bid for the NCAA Tournament for the first time in six years. They lost their first game to UCLA 73-62.
On January 20, 2022, BYU defeated San Diego 79-71, which marked Pope's 60th career win at BYU and made them the fastest BYU head coach ever to reach that benchmark. The win also gave the Cougars a 16-4 record for the season, which was Pope's best start through 20 games as head coach.
BYU assistant coach
From 2011 to 2015, Pope served as an assistant under Dave Rose. In four years, Pope helped the Cougars to four-straight 20-win seasons and four-straight postseason appearances—including three bids to the NCAA Tournament and trip to the semifinals of the 2013 NIT.
Other coaching experience
Prior to coming to BYU as an assistant, Pope was the director of basketball operations for Mark Fox at Georgia (2009-10) and an assistant under Jeff Bzdelik at Wake Forest (2010-11). Following four seasons as a Cougar assistant coach, Pope took over the men's basketball program at UVU. In four years at UVU (2015-19), Pope's teams made improvements each season, going from 12 wins in 2015-16 to 25 victories in 2018-19. They also led the Wolverines to three-straight postseason appearances (2017, 2018, 2019) and back-to-back 20-win seasons (2017-18, 2018-19)—both are Wolverine records.
Career statistics
NBA
Source
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Indiana
| 28 || 0 || 6.9 || .341 || .333 || .588 || .9 || .3 || .1 || .2 || 1.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Indiana
| 4 || 0 || 6.5 || .143 || .000 || .000 || 1.0 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Milwaukee
| 63 || 45 || 15.0 || .437 || .208 || .629 || 2.3 || .6 || .3 || .4 || 2.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Milwaukee
| 45 || 12 || 9.5 || .396 || .160 || .524 || 1.6 || .4 || .2 || .2 || 1.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Denver
| 4 || 0 || 5.0 || .500 || – || .000 || .8 || .0 || .1 || .0 || .5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Denver
| 9 || 0 || 3.0 || .333 || – || – || .9 || .1 || .1 || .2 || .4
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 153 || 57 || 10.7 || .401 || .179 || .573 || 1.7 || .4 || .2 || .3 || 1.9
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|1998
| style="text-align:left;"|Indiana
| 7 || 0 || 6.0 || .667 || .000 || 1.000 || .7 || .1 || .1 || .0 || 1.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2001
| style="text-align:left;"|Milwaukee
| 6 || 3 || 7.7 || .500 || .000 || – || 2.0 || .3 || .3 || .0 || 1.7
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 13 || 3 || 6.8 || .563 || .000 || 1.000 || 1.3 || .2 || .2 || .0 || 1.5
Head coaching record
References
External links
Mark Pope Official BYU Bio
1972 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American men's basketball players
Anadolu Efes S.K. players
Basketball coaches from Nebraska
Basketball coaches from Washington (state)
Basketball players from Nebraska
Basketball players from Washington (state)
BYU Cougars men's basketball coaches
Columbia University Vagelos College of Physicians and Surgeons alumni
Denver Nuggets players
Indiana Pacers draft picks
Indiana Pacers players
Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball players
Latter Day Saints from Washington (state)
Milwaukee Bucks players
Power forwards (basketball)
Small forwards
Sportspeople from Omaha, Nebraska
Ülker G.S.K. basketball players
Utah Valley Wolverines men's basketball coaches
Wake Forest Demon Deacons men's basketball coaches
Washington Huskies men's basketball players
The Quai Voltaire is a street located in the 7th arrondissement of Paris. 308 meters long, it lies between the Quai Malaquais and Quai Anatole-France. The Quai Voltaire begins at the Rue des Saints-Pères and ends at the Rue de Bac and the Pont Royal.
History
Originally the Quai Voltaire was the western portion of the Quai Malaquais. In 1644 it was renamed Quai des Théatins after some Theatines built a monastery on the quai (Today located at No. 23 and No. 25 Quai Voltaire). In 1791, the wharf became known as the Quai Voltaire in homage to the writer who died in 1778 in the home of Charles, marquis de Villette. After Honoré de Balzac set their novel La Peau de chagrin in the Quai Voltaire, antique shops became common in the quai. In the early nineteenth century the area became a well-known place for booksellers to peddle their wares.
Buildings of note
no. 1: The Hôtel de Bouillon and the Hôtel de Tessé were built in 1768 by Pierre-Noël Rousset and Louis Le Tellier for Charlotte de Béthune-Charost and their son the Count of Tessé. In 1742, Jean-François Boyvin de Bonnetot equipped themselves with wings and attempted to fly off the roof of the hotel. They briefly hovered 300 meters above the Seine before falling into a boat and breaking their leg. The hotel was also the site of Thomas Robert Bugeaud's death in 1849. After President Jacques Chirac left office in 2007, they moved their family into the Hôtel de Bouillon.
no. 3 and no. 5: Hôtel Le Barbier, Hôtel Perrault, and Hôtel de La Briffe were all one unit until 1733. They were connected by a tunnel with the other side of the Rue de Bourbon. Author Maurice Joly lived there in a small apartment until their death in 1878. The Sennelier shop was opened on the site in 1887. It became famous for supplying art supplies to artists such as Cézanne, Degas, Gauguin, Pissarro, Soutine, Modigliani, Kandinsky, Bonnard, and Picasso.
References
Voltaire
Geography of Paris
Bochow is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Frank Bochow (1937–2012), East German trade unionist and diplomat
Michael Bochow (born 1948), German sociologist
Wolfgang Bochow (1944–2017), German badminton player
Hansi Bochow-Blüthgen (1897–1983), German author, editor, and translator
Kearny County (county code KE) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 3,983. Its county seat and most populous city is Lakin. The county is named in honor of General Philip Kearny.
History
The original Kearney County was established on March 6, 1873, and was dissolved in 1883, with the land area being split between Hamilton and Finney counties. It was reestablished with its original borders in 1887, and organized on March 27, 1888. The county is named in honor of Philip Kearny, a U.S. Army officer in the Mexican–American War and a Union army general in the American Civil War. In 1889, the name was corrected to Kearny County.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.05%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 50
U.S. Highway 400
K-25
Time zones
The west half of Kearny County observed Mountain Standard Time until October 28, 1990, when the Kansas Department of Transportation moved the entire county into the Central Time Zone, which 100 of the state's other 104 counties observe. Only four counties (Hamilton, Greeley, Wallace, and Sherman), all of which border Colorado, observe Mountain Time.
Adjacent counties
Wichita County (north)
Scott County (northeast)
Finney County (east)
Grant County (south)
Stanton County (southwest)
Hamilton County (west/Mountain Time border)
Demographics
Kearny County is included in the Garden City, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area.
As of the 2000 census, there were 4,531 people, 1,542 households, and 1,199 families residing in the county. The population density was 5 people per square mile (2/km2). There were 1,657 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 80.34% White, 0.55% Black or African American, 0.86% Native American, 0.31% Asian, 0.09% Pacific Islander, 15.71% from other races, and 2.14% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 26.55% of the population.
There were 1,542 households, out of which 43.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.10% were married couples living together, 8.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.20% were non-families. 20.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.91 and the average family size was 3.35.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 34.30% under the age of 18, 8.30% from 18 to 24, 27.10% from 25 to 44, 19.20% from 45 to 64, and 11.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 104.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $40,149, and the median income for a family was $43,703. Males had a median income of $30,117 versus $20,179 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,708. About 8.40% of families and 11.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.90% of those under age 18 and 4.80% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 1988, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Lakin USD 215
Deerfield USD 216
Communities
Cities
Deerfield
Lakin
Townships
Kearny County is divided into seven townships. None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
References
Notes
Further reading
External links
County
Kearny County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Kearny County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1873 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1873
Emily Infeld (born March 21, 1990) is an American long-distance runner. They regularly compete in the 5000 m and 10,000 m distances during their professional career; in their college career they regularly competed in the 4 × 800 meter relay and 1500 m on up to 5000 m.
During their collegiate career at Georgetown University, they were the 3000 m 2012 NCAA Indoor Championships winner. They also had runner-up placings in NCAA competition in cross-country running and outdoor track (1500 m and 5000 m).
During their professional career, Infeld has represented their country at major international championships including the 2013 IAAF World Cross Country Championships (21st overall aiding the US team to 4th), the 2015 World Championships in Athletics (3rd), the 2016 Summer Olympics (11th), and the 2017 World Championships in Athletics (6th).
Running career
Early career
Raised in University Heights, Ohio, Infeld attended Beaumont School. They were interested in track and field from an early age and initially took up racewalking after being turned down for the Cleveland AAU track team, which took on their older sister, Maggie. While at high school they moved back into running and won four straight state titles in the 800 meters.
College
They went on to attend Georgetown University and began to compete for their Georgetown Hoyas collegiate team, following in the footsteps of their older sister. In their first major competition for the team, they were eighth in the 1500 meters at the 2009 NCAA Women's Outdoor Track and Field Championships. They established themselves among the country's top college distance runners with a runner-up finish at the NCAA Women's Division I Cross Country Championship in 2010.
They placed eighth in the 3000 meters at the 2010 NCAA Outdoor Championships but had greater success the following year. They were fourth at the 2011 NCAA Cross Country, leading Georgetown to the team title. They placed second in the 5000 meters at the NCAA Outdoor Championships that year. Them best collegiate performances came in 2012 when they were a double indoor Big East Conference champion (3000 m and mile run) and was the 3000 m winner at the NCAA Indoor Championships. Turning to the outdoor season, they were runner-up in the 1500 m at the NCAA Outdoor Championships behind Katie Flood. Them personal bests in the 3000 m and 5000 m were school records.
Professional
Early career (2012–2015)
Infeld originally intended to pursue graduate school at Georgetown University for the 2012–2013 academic year; however, they were not feeling fully invested in their graduate program, and with their college coach Chris Miltenberg and many training partners moving elsewhere, they decided to turn pro joining Kimbia Athletics (officially announced October 2012) and move to Portland, Oregon to work under coach Jerry Schumacher at the Bowerman Track Club. They began training alongside American Olympians Shalane Flanagan and Kara Goucher where they struggled to adapt to the strict training schedule at first and missed parts of the 2013 season. However, they placed 4th at the 2013 USA Cross Country Championships to qualify for the 2013 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and placed 21st – a key member of the United States fourth place team. In November 2013, they were diagnosed with a stress fracture in their sacrum on the left side, and again had to take time off from running. After taking months off, they were beginning to progress with their career again, but in December 2014, they suffered another stress fracture of the sacrum; this time on the right side. They were unable to run on foot again until about 6 weeks before their first race back from injury on May 3, 2015.
2015
After significant struggles in their early professional career, Infeld made an astonishing comeback in 2015. They set personal records in 2015, running their first race of the year in 31:38.71 for the 10,000 meters in May and 15:07.19 for the 5000 m in June surpassing both the qualifying standards outlined in 2015 World Championships in Athletics qualification standards and Athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics – Qualification. Further progressing in 2015, they placed third in the 10,000 m at the 2015 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, their highest ever national finish up to that date, gaining selection for the national team alongside Molly Huddle and fellow Bowerman Track Club athlete Shalane Flanagan. At the 2015 Beijing World Championships on August 24, Infeld kicked hard for the bronze medal in the 10,000 m, catching a slowing Huddle at the line. All three USA team members (Infeld, Huddle, and Flanagan), were within seconds of one another. The heat and humidity were factors affecting the evolution of the race, slowing the pace of most or all competitors.
2016
On February 20, 2016, Infeld finished third in the Millrose Games women's indoor 5000 meters in 15:00.91, behind Betsy Saina and Molly Huddle. Infeld placed second in the 10,000 m behind Molly Huddle at the 2016 United States Olympic Trials (track and field) to qualify for Athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics with Marielle Hall. In the Olympics 10000 m event they placed 11th in 31:26.94. The weather conditions were ideal for a fast race, where at least the top 6 competitors performed close to their best expectations that day, and many personal records were set including a World Record of 29:17 by Almaz Ayana. The Olympics USA team was spread apart by more than 2 minutes. Infeld's fellow team member, Molly Huddle, was well ahead and had one of their best performances establishing a PR of 30:13 and placing 6th. Marielle Hall was far behind in 32:39 for 33rd.
On September 3 at the 5th Avenue Mile, held on the roads in New York, Infeld placed 16th in an official time of 4:28, setting a new road PR.
2017
On March 11, 2017, Infeld started the year off well with a 2nd-place finish in the U.S. 15k Road Championship in a time of 49:42. As a preparation for the 2017 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, Infeld participated part way through the Payton Jordan Invitational 10,000m held on May 5.
When it came time for the 2017 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships on June 22, Infeld placed 2nd in the 10,000m establishing a new PR of 31:22.67 at the 2017 World Championships in London.
In preparation for the World Championships, Infeld travelled to St. Moritz Switzerland to train and also competed in two events during their stay in Europe. Them first event was in Lucerne Switzerland on July 11 where they ran the 3000m and placed 5th in 8:55.41. Them second event was a 5000 m run in Huesden Belgium on July 22 where they ran close to their training partner, Shalane Flanagan, and then led the race for the last 2.5k with the exception of being passed at the very end, placing second. They established a PR of 14:56.33 that day.
At the 2017 World Championships in London on August 5, Infeld placed 6th where they led the USA team in a time of 31:20.45, establishing another PR in the 10,000m despite the leaders starting off with a significantly slow first 3k. Similar to the 2015 World Championships, all three USA team members (this time Infeld, Huddle, and Sisson) were within seconds of one another. The first 2k of the race was slow (6:48 for the leader where 1k was 3:30 for the leader), and it wasn't until after 3k-4k with Almaz Ayana making a decisive move where the large pack of runners started break up. Molly Huddle was leading the USA team for the first 7-8k, while Infeld showed greater strength particularly in last 1k in an attempt to overcome the local pack of other competitors just in front of the USA team. Infeld succeeded, falling just short of only one of those competitors in the local pack, Susan Krumins, who also surpassed Infeld at the end in the Huesden Belgium 5000 m. The remaining runners had a significant lead ahead of the local pack starting at 6k, which included Almaz Ayana who lapped all competitors except the three who placed behind them Infeld's first 5k was 16:08 and their last 5k was 15:12, showing significant potential for another PR in the future.
In September, Infeld attended two 1 mile races in New York State. At the Long Island Mile on September 6, Infeld placed 4th in a time of 4:30.78 setting a new outdoor track PR. Four days later, on September 10, at the 5th Avenue Mile held on the roads in New York City, Infeld placed 17th in a very competitive field in an official time of 4:31 (rounded up; 4:30.3 unofficially).
2018
Infeld started their 2018 season with a win at the 2018 USA Cross Country Championships in 33:18.7 (3:19.9/km), followed by Molly Seidel in 33:22.1, Stephanie Bruce in 33:34.1, their teammate Courtney Frerichs 33:55.1, Emily Durgin in 33:56.9, and Susan Tanui in 34:39.0; the six qualified for Team USA at 2018 NACAC Cross Country Championships in La Libertad, El Salvador on February 17, 2018.
2019
Infeld struggled with a number of complex injury-related obstacles for many months since early 2018, but was on a smooth trajectory in 2019 about 2 months prior to their departure at the World class Beach to Beacon 10k event. After about 18 months of not competing, on Aug 3rd Infeld surprisingly placed 4th in 32:39 at the Beach to Beacon 10k. Continuing their trend for the year in the 10k, on October 14, Infeld placed 3rd in the Boston 10k for Women in a time of 32:14. On November 2, Infeld placed 3rd in the NYRR 5k in a time of 15:47.
2020
Infeld started the 2020 year on the track. Notably, this was their first track race in about 2 years. At the Husky Classic on February 14, Infeld placed 1st in the 3000m in a meet record time of 8:48.73. On February 27, Infeld ran a 5000m 14:51.91 PR at the Boston University Last Chance Invitational.
2021
On February 20, Infeld competed in the 10,000m on the outdoor track for the first time in years. Despite this, Infeld ran the 10,000m in a time of 31:08.57 for 4th place in San Juan Capistrano, CA. However, their build-up efforts did not shine as hoped for on the day of the Olympic trials. On June 26, 2021, on an unusually warm day, Infeld ran the 10,000-meter final of the Olympic trials finishing in eighth place with a time of 32:19. They stated that "[It was] probably one of my worst races. It's never a fun place to have one of your worst races at the trials. I feel like I'm fitter than that race showcased."
Personal records
International championship qualifier record
USA Cross Country Championships, USATF Indoor Championships, USATF Outdoor Championships, and US Olympic Trials
International championship record
Personal life
Stalking
Beginning April 2018, and for three years thereafter (with the exception of 16 months within that time starting September/October 2018 after a protection order), Infield was stalked, which resulted in their fear, stress, and the hiding of their location. This harassment had a significant impact on Infeld's personal life and professional career. The harasser was eventually arrested and charged in June 2021 by a U.S. Attorney with felony cyberstalking and interstate violation of a protection order. On October 15, 2021. They married long-term boyfriend Max Randolph in San Jose Del Cabo, Mexico.
References
External links
February 14, 2019 Carrie catches up with 2016 Olympian Emily Infeld! They discuss their recent injury and surgery, the rollercoaster ride of doctors and therapists, their cross training habits, and much more Carrie Tollefson
Living people
1990 births
Sportspeople from Cuyahoga County, Ohio
Track and field athletes from Ohio
American female long-distance runners
American female middle-distance runners
Georgetown Hoyas women's track and field athletes
World Athletics Championships medalists
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
People from University Heights, Ohio
Bobby Park may refer to:
Bobby Park (footballer, born 1946), Scottish footballer
Bobby Park (footballer, born 1952), Scottish footballer
Frank Geideck (born 2 April 1967) is a German football coach and a former player.  They are currently the assistant coach of Marco Rose at RB Leipzig.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
German footballers
Arminia Bielefeld players
2. Bundesliga players
German football managers
Arminia Bielefeld managers
Sportspeople from Bielefeld
Association football midfielders
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
Borussia Mönchengladbach non-playing staff
Association football coaches
The 2010 Calgary municipal election was held Monday, October 18, 2010 to elect a mayor and 14 aldermen to the city council, the seven trustees to the Calgary School District (each representing 2 of 14 wards), and four of the seven trustees to the Calgary Catholic School District (each representing 2 of 14 wards). Three incumbent separate school trustees had no challengers. A new mayor was to be elected, as the three term incumbent Dave Bronconnier did not seek re-election. Since 1968, provincial legislation has required every municipality to hold triennial elections.
The voter turnout was 53%, a significant increase from previous elections.
Results
Bold indicates elected, italics indicates incumbent, and asterisk indicates withdrew from race.
Mayor
Aldermen
Public school trustees
Separate school trustees
Candidate summaries
Mayor
Craig Burrows - Former Ward 6 alderman, withdrew from the race on October 14 to back Ric McIver, but still appeared on the ballot.
Joe Connelly - Alderman incumbent to Ward 6.
Bonnie Devine - Previous Communist candidate for Calgary-East MLA.
Barry Erskine - Former alderman, and host of Let's Talk Gardening on AM 770 CHQR.
Oscar Fech - Ran for mayor in 2001 and 2004 elections.
Bob Hawkesworth - Alderman incumbent to Ward 4, withdrew from the race on October 13 to back Barb Higgins, but still appeared on the ballot.
Barb Higgins - Former news anchor at CTV Calgary.
Sandra Hunter -
Gary F. Johnston - Retired rail worker, blind.
Dan Knight -
Amanda Liu -
Jon Lord - Former MLA and alderman.
Ric McIver - Alderman incumbent to Ward 12.
Naheed K. Nenshi - Served on the leadership team of imagineCalgary.
Wayne Stewart - Former president and CEO of the Calgary Homeless Foundation, withdrew from the race on October 14 to back Naheed Nenshi, but still appeared on the ballot.
See also
List of Calgary municipal elections
References
External links
The City of Calgary: 2010 General Election
http://election.gov.calgary.ab.ca/#ALDER11
http://www.calgarycitynews.com/2010/10/official-results-for-2010-calgary.html
2010 Alberta municipal elections
2010
2010s in Calgary
Holmes & Yoyo is an American comedy television series that aired on ABC for 13 episodes during the 1976-1977 season. The series follows police detective Holmes and their new android partner, Yoyo, on their misadventures investigating crimes.
Premise
Detective Alexander Holmes is a down-on-his-luck cop who chronically injures their partners. The department gives them a new partner, Gregory "Yoyo" Yoyonovich, who is clumsy and naive, but good-natured and very strong. During one of their first cases together, Yoyo is shot, and Holmes discovers that their new partner is an android, a sophisticated new crime-fighting machine designed by the police department as their secret weapon. Over the course of the series, Holmes teaches Yoyo how to be more human, while trying to keep their quirky partner's true nature a secret, from both criminals and fellow cops.
Cast
John Schuck as their partner Gregory "Yoyo" Yoyonovich.
Richard B. Shull as Detective Alexander Holmes
Their co-stars included Andrea Howard and Bruce Kirby.
Jay Leno appeared in the pilot as a gas station attendant.
Production
Development
The executive producer was Leonard Stern, a former staff writer for and executive producer of Get Smart, which featured an android character named Hymie who was largely a prototype for Yoyo. Several episodes of Holmes & Yoyo were directed by John Astin. John Schuck also appeared as SFPD Detective Sgt. Charles Enright in the McMillan And Wife made-for-television films that starred Rock Hudson alongside Susan Saint James, of which Stern was also creator and executive producer.
Yoyo's abilities
Besides super-strength, Yoyo's other abilities include speed reading, and the ability to analyze clues at the scene. Yoyo had a built-in Polaroid camera: each time their nose was pressed, a Polaroid photograph of their view would be taken and ejected from their shirt pocket. Yoyo's control panel was built into their chest, which could be opened by pulling their tie. The level of Yoyo's batteries was critical, because if they ran down their memory and, effectively, their being would be erased. In one episode their batteries came very close to running down completely, and they were charged by being pushed against an electric fence with their arms extended. Yoyo weighed 427 pounds, and their heavy build could absorb the shock of a bomb.
Much of the show's comedy was derived from Yoyo's constant malfunctions. Some of their common problems included:
Uncontrollably spinning head over heels when near an electric garage door that was opening or closing.
Bullets causing them to break out dancing
Magnets flying at them
Picking up radio signals from Sweden
A slew of Polaroid photos spewing from their shirt pocket when a criminal punched them in the nose
When asked about their previous assignment, they would reply, "The bunco squad," then continue to repeat the phrase no matter what the questioner said, as if they were a skipping record.
Another running gag involved Yoyo's ability to read an entire book by simply fanning its pages; their invariable comment after doing so was, "Thanks for the book! I really enjoyed reading it."
Episodes
Reception
The series performed poorly and was cancelled after 11 episodes, with the 2 final episodes produced shown the following August. It ranked number 33 on TV Guide's List of the 50 Worst TV Shows of All Time. A few series with similar premises but varying treatment followed, including ABC's Future Cop with Ernest Borgnine and Michael J. Shannon the following year, the 1993 series Mann & Machine, and the 2013 series Almost Human.
Home media
Holmes & Yoyo was released in France on Region 2 DVD in 2016 under the title Holmes et Yoyo - Intégrale de la série. The audio is French only, with no English option.
References
External links
American Broadcasting Company original programming
1970s American comic science fiction television series
1970s American sitcoms
1976 American television series debuts
1977 American television series endings
Television series by Universal Television
Androids in television
1970s American police comedy television series
Television duos
Television series about robots
Television shows set in Los Angeles
Sally of the Subway is a 1932 American pre-Code crime film directed by George B. Seitz and starring Jack Mulhall, Dorothy Revier and Blanche Mehaffey. It was produced as a second feature for release by Mayfair Pictures.
Plot
A gang of jewel thieves use an exiled member of German royalty as an unwitting part of their scheme to rob a major New York jewellery company. Fortunately they are tipped off by one of the store's workers and they are able to turn the tables on the gang.
Cast
Jack Mulhall as Ludwig
Dorothy Revier as Sally
Blanche Mehaffey as Angela
Huntley Gordon as Gordon
Harry Semels as Von Trump
Crauford Kent as Moffit
John Webb Dillion as McMillan, Henchman
William P. Burt as Scraggs, Henchman
George 'Gabby' Hayes as Police Lieutenant Paxton
Ellinor Vanderveer as Mrs. Stubbs
Bob Reeves as Bill, Police Officer
Julia Griffith as Miss Duncan, Credit Manager
References
Bibliography
Pitts, Michael R. Poverty Row Studios, 1929–1940: An Illustrated History of 55 Independent Film Companies, with a Filmography for Each. McFarland & Company, 2005.
External links
1932 films
1932 crime films
American crime films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by George B. Seitz
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Sangseela is town and union council of Dera Bugti District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. The town lies in area that was affected by the Balouch insurgency.
References
Populated places in Dera Bugti District
Union councils of Balochistan, Pakistan
Kastu is a district in the Tampereentie ward of the city of Turku, in Finland. It is located to the north of the city centre, and consists mostly of low-density residential area.
The current () population of Kastu is 2,002, and it is decreasing at an annual rate of 1.35%. 10.14% of the district's population are under 15 years old, while 28.12% are over 65. The district's linguistic makeup is 95.60% Finnish, 2.15% Swedish, and 2.25% other.
See also
Districts of Turku
Districts of Turku by population
Districts of Turku
Desperate Courage is a 1928 American silent Western film directed by Richard Thorpe. The film stars Wally Wales, Olive Hasbrouck, and Tom Bay. Produced by the Poverty Row studio Action Pictures, it was released by Pathé Exchange on January 15, 1928.
Cast list
Wally Wales as Jim Dane
Olive Hasbrouck as Ann Halliday
Tom Bay as Colonel Halliday
Lafe McKee as A Brannon Brother
Fanchon Frankel as A Brannon Brother
Bill Dyer as A Brannon Brother
Slim Whitaker as Henchman (credited as Charles Whitaker)
Al Taylor as Henchman
S. S. Simon as Sheriff
References
External links
1928 films
American black-and-white films
1928 Western (genre) films
Pathé Exchange films
Films directed by Richard Thorpe
Silent American Western (genre) films
1920s English-language films
1920s American films
The 1903 VFL season was the seventh season of the Victorian Football League (VFL), the highest level senior Australian rules football competition in Victoria. The season featured eight clubs, ran from 2 May until 12 September, and comprised a 17-game home-and-away season followed by a finals series featuring the top four clubs.
The premiership was won by the Collingwood Football Club for the second time and second time consecutively, after it defeated by two points in the 1903 VFL Grand Final.
Premiership season
In 1903, the VFL competition consisted of eight teams of 18 on-the-field players each, with no "reserves", although any of the 18 players who had left the playing field for any reason could later resume their place on the field at any time during the match.
Each team played each other twice in a home-and-away season of 14 rounds. Then, based on ladder positions after those 14 rounds, three further 'sectional rounds' were played, with the teams ranked 1st, 3rd, 5th and 7th playing in one section and the teams ranked 2nd, 4th, 6th and 8th playing in the other.
Once the 17 round home-and-away season had finished, the 1903 VFL Premiers were determined by the specific format and conventions of the amended "Argus system".
Round 1
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 3.3 (21)
|
| 11.7 (73)
| East Melbourne Cricket Ground
| 2 May 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 9.4 (58)
|
| 5.7 (37)
| Princes Park
| 2 May 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 6.14 (50)
|
| 5.13 (43)
| Lake Oval
| 2 May 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 2.8 (20)
|
| 9.18 (72)
| Junction Oval
| 2 May 1903
Round 2
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 13.14 (92)
|
| 3.6 (24)
| Victoria Park
| 9 May 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 4.5 (29)
|
| 6.11 (47)
| MCG
| 9 May 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 3.12 (30)
|
| 4.6 (30)
| Junction Oval
| 9 May 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 8.7 (55)
|
| 6.9 (45)
| SCG
| 3 August 1903
The match between Geelong and Carlton, originally to have been played at Corio Oval, was postponed due to a railway strike. It was played between Rounds 13 and 14, and was opportunistically moved to the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Round 3
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 15.10 (100)
|
| 4.8 (32)
| Corio Oval
| 16 May 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 12.17 (89)
|
| 3.4 (22)
| Brunswick Street Oval
| 16 May 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 16.17 (113)
|
| 5.3 (33)
| Victoria Park
| 16 May 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 5.5 (35)
|
| 7.14 (56)
| East Melbourne Cricket Ground
| 16 May 1903
Round 4
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 12.16 (88)
|
| 1.4 (10)
| Princes Park
| 23 May 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 5.7 (37)
|
| 6.11 (47)
| Lake Oval
| 23 May 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 3.7 (25)
|
| 4.4 (28)
| MCG
| 23 May 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 7.20 (62)
|
| 6.9 (45)
| SCG
| 23 May 1903
Round 5
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 13.17 (95)
|
| 3.10 (28)
| Brunswick Street Oval
| 30 May 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 10.13 (73)
|
| 5.10 (40)
| East Melbourne Cricket Ground
| 30 May 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 10.17 (77)
|
| 7.4 (46)
| Victoria Park
| 30 May 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 5.4 (34)
|
| 10.7 (67)
| Lake Oval
| 30 May 1903
Round 6
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 5.11 (41)
|
| 6.12 (48)
| East Melbourne Cricket Ground
| 6 June 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 8.8 (56)
|
| 4.5 (29)
| Princes Park
| 6 June 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 8.9 (57)
|
| 2.15 (27)
| Junction Oval
| 6 June 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 8.3 (51)
|
| 12.12 (84)
| Corio Oval
| 6 June 1903
Round 7
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 8.14 (62)
|
| 3.4 (22)
| Brunswick Street Oval
| 8 June 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 4.9 (33)
|
| 2.13 (25)
| Victoria Park
| 8 June 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 5.8 (38)
|
| 6.11 (47)
| Lake Oval
| 8 June 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 4.8 (32)
|
| 1.2 (8)
| MCG
| 8 June 1903
Round 8
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 6.6 (42)
|
| 3.17 (35)
| MCG
| 13 June 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 5.9 (39)
|
| 7.13 (55)
| Corio Oval
| 13 June 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 8.6 (54)
|
| 3.11 (29)
| Brunswick Street Oval
| 13 June 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 12.9 (81)
|
| 10.7 (67)
| Victoria Park
| 13 June 1903
Round 9
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 4.10 (34)
|
| 3.8 (26)
| Brunswick Street Oval
| 20 June 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 4.8 (32)
|
| 4.5 (29)
| East Melbourne Cricket Ground
| 20 June 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 8.6 (54)
|
| 6.11 (47)
| Princes Park
| 20 June 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 4.11 (35)
|
| 6.6 (42)
| Lake Oval
| 20 June 1903
Round 10
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 6.14 (50)
|
| 2.2 (14)
| Princes Park
| 4 July 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 5.9 (39)
|
| 10.7 (67)
| MCG
| 4 July 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 5.7 (37)
|
| 7.11 (53)
| Lake Oval
| 4 July 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 2.4 (16)
|
| 5.11 (41)
| Junction Oval
| 4 July 1903
Round 11
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 9.13 (67)
|
| 3.12 (30)
| Corio Oval
| 11 July 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 3.16 (34)
|
| 4.5 (29)
| East Melbourne Cricket Ground
| 11 July 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 8.8 (56)
|
| 5.6 (36)
| Victoria Park
| 11 July 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 4.3 (27)
|
| 8.14 (62)
| Junction Oval
| 11 July 1903
Round 12
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 7.8 (50)
|
| 2.8 (20)
| Princes Park
| 18 July 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 5.11 (41)
|
| 5.8 (38)
| Junction Oval
| 18 July 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 13.11 (89)
|
| 6.8 (44)
| Corio Oval
| 18 July 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 4.8 (32)
|
| 11.8 (74)
| MCG
| 18 July 1903
Round 13
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 4.8 (32)
|
| 9.7 (61)
| MCG
| 25 July 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 6.15 (51)
|
| 5.7 (37)
| Victoria Park
| 25 July 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 5.7 (37)
|
| 7.17 (59)
| Lake Oval
| 25 July 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 8.8 (56)
|
| 3.6 (24)
| Brunswick Street Oval
| 25 July 1903
Round 14
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 5.11 (41)
|
| 8.8 (56)
| Princes Park
| 8 August 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 7.4 (46)
|
| 11.7 (73)
| East Melbourne Cricket Ground
| 8 August 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 5.3 (33)
|
| 9.12 (66)
| Corio Oval
| 8 August 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 12.9 (81)
|
| 4.8 (32)
| Junction Oval
| 8 August 1903
Sectional Rounds
Sectional Round 1 (Round 15)
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 5.2 (32)
|
| 9.13 (67)
| MCG
| 15 August 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 3.12 (30)
|
| 2.6 (18)
| Victoria Park
| 15 August 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 8.7 (55)
|
| 10.14 (74)
| East Melbourne Cricket Ground
| 15 August 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 8.8 (56)
|
| 12.14 (86)
| Lake Oval
| 15 August 1903
Sectional Round 2 (Round 16)
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 5.11 (41)
|
| 6.7 (43)
| Princes Park
| 22 August 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 15.12 (102)
|
| 4.7 (31)
| Corio Oval
| 22 August 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 11.17 (83)
|
| 3.5 (23)
| Brunswick Street Oval
| 22 August 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 7.12 (54)
|
| 4.7 (31)
| Junction Oval
| 22 August 1903
Sectional Round 3 (Round 17)
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 3.10 (28)
|
| 4.7 (31)
| Junction Oval
| 29 August 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 13.13 (91)
|
| 5.10 (40)
| Victoria Park
| 29 August 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 14.10 (94)
|
| 5.7 (37)
| East Melbourne Cricket Ground
| 29 August 1903
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 3.9 (27)
|
| 5.4 (34)
| Corio Oval
| 29 August 1903
Ladder
Semi finals
First Semi Final
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
| Attendance
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 11.15 (81)
|
| 4.5 (29)
| MCG
| 5 September 1903
| 15,000
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
Second Semi Final
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
| Attendance
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
|
| 4.3 (27)
|
| 3.5 (23)
| Brunswick Street Oval
| 5 September 1903
| 16,600
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
Grand final
Collingwood defeated Fitzroy 4.7 (31) to 3.11 (29). (For an explanation of scoring see Australian rules football).
Awards
The 1903 VFL Premiership team was Collingwood.
The VFL's leading goalkicker was Teddy Lockwood of Collingwood with 35 goals.
South Melbourne took the "wooden spoon" in 1903.
Notable events
Boundary umpires were added to some VFL matches, relieving the field umpire of the task of returning the ball to play from the boundary, and would be made permanent from 1904.
Following their Round 1 loss to Geelong, St Kilda had played 100 VFL games for a record of two wins and 98 losses.
The Round 2 match between Geelong and Carlton on 9 May was postponed after a railway strike on the afternoon of 8 May prevented the Carlton team from getting to Geelong. The league decided to use the opportunity to promote the game in Sydney, and arranged to play the match on Saturday, 1 August at the Sydney Cricket Ground, but due to heavy rain, the match was postponed to Monday, 3 August before a crowd of 5,000; Geelong won 8.7 (55) to 6.9 (45). In Round 3, Melbourne had to travel to Geelong by boat as the strike still had not been resolved.
On 23 May, a crowd of 18,000 attended the round 4 match between Fitzroy and Collingwood at the Sydney Cricket Ground; Fitzroy won 7.20 (62) to 6.9 (45). Players wore large numbers on the back of their guernseys to assist the crowd.
St Kilda's win over South Melbourne in Round 7 was its first away win in 54 VFL matches; the 53 consecutive away losses is an AFL/VFL record. It was also St Kilda's first senior away win since defeating Port Melbourne in 1894, after 77 consecutive winless away matches (including three draws) and 62 consecutive away losses.
1903 was the first time that the VFL Premiership was decided on the last kick of the day. The usually accurate Fitzroy captain Gerald Brosnan missed the goal from 30 metres out, and Fitzroy lost to Collingwood by two points.
References
Ross, J. (ed), 100 Years of Australian Football 1897–1996: The Complete Story of the AFL, All the Big Stories, All the Great Pictures, All the Champions, Every AFL Season Reported, Viking, (Ringwood), 1996.
External links
1903 Season - AFL Tables
Australian Football League seasons
VFL season
The Great Northern P-1 was a class of 15 4-8-2 "Mountain" type steam locomotives built by the Lima Locomotive Works in 1914 and operated by the Great Northern Railway.
History
The P-1s were at first assigned to pull passenger trains, but were proven to be too slow and were reassigned to freight service. Between June and November 1928, they were all rebuilt by the GN's Superior, Great Falls, and Hillyard Shops to Q-2 Class 2-10-2s.
Disposition
Neither the P-1s nor the Q-2s have survived into preservation today. Retirement started on July 16, 1953 and were all retired by April 1958.
References
Great Northern Railway (U.S.)
4-8-2 locomotives
Lima locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1914
P-1
Standard gauge locomotives of the United States
Steam locomotives of the United States
Scrapped locomotives
Mixed_traffic_locomotives
Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake is a United States military facility in California.
China Lake may also refer to:
Places in the United States
China Lake, Kern County, California, an unincorporated community named for a nearby dry lake
China Lake Acres, California, a census-designated place (CDP)
China Lake (Maine), a pond in Kennebec County
Other uses
China Lake (film), a 1983 thriller film
China Lake Grenade Launcher, developed at the military facility
China Lake, a 1992 novel by Anthony Hyde
The China Lake Murders, a 1990 film
Fardel may refer to:
Shakespearian word meaning "traveller's bundle", as used in The Winter's Tale
Shakespearian word meaning "burden", as used in Hamlet's To be, or not to be speech
Scots word, also spelled "Farl", quadrant-shaped flatbread or cake
the omasum, third compartment of the stomach in ruminants
Fardel Manor, medieval manor and house in South Hams, Devon
Azure Data Explorer is a fully-managed big data analytics cloud platform and data-exploration service, developed by Microsoft, that ingests structured, semi-structured (like JSON) and unstructured data (like free-text). The service then stores this data and answers analytic ad hoc queries on it with seconds of latency. It is a full text indexing and retrieval database, including time series analysis capabilities and regular expression evaluation and text parsing.
It is offered as Platform as a Service (PaaS) as part of Microsoft Azure platform. The product was announced by Microsoft in 2018.
History
The development of the product began in 2014 as a grassroots incubation project in the Israeli R&D center of Microsoft, with the internal code name 'Kusto' (named after Jacques Cousteau, as a reference to "exploring the ocean of data"). The project aim was to address Azure services' needs for fast and scalable log and telemetry analytics.
In 2016 it became the backend big-data and analytics service for Application Insights Analytics.
The product was announced as a Public Preview product at the Microsoft Ignite 2018 conference, and was announced as a generally available at the Microsoft Ignite conference of February 2019.
In March 2021, "Kusto EngineV3", Azure Data Explorer's next generation storage and query engine, became generally available. It was designed to provide unparalleled performance for ingesting and querying telemetry, logs, and time series data.
Features
Azure Data Explorer offers an optimized query language and visualizing options of its data with a SQL-like language called KQL (Kusto Query Language.).
Azure Data Explorer can ingest 200 MB per second per node. Data Ingestion methods are pipelines and connectors to common services like Azure Event Grid or Azure Event Hub, or programmatic ingestion using SDKs.
Data visualization can be achieved using their native dashboard offering, or with tools like PowerBI or Grafana.
Design
Azure Data Explorer is a distributed database running on a cluster of compute nodes in Microsoft Azure. It is based on relational database management systems (RDBMS), supporting entities such as databases, tables, functions, and columns. It supports complex analytics query operators, such as calculated columns, searching and filtering on rows, group by-aggregates and joins.
The engine service exposes a relational data model: At the top level (cluster) there is a collection of databases, each database contains a collection of tables and stored functions. Each table defines a schema (ordered list of typed fields).
In Azure Data Explorer, unlike a typical relational database management systems (RDBMS), there are no constraints like key uniqueness, primary and foreign key. The necessary relationships are established at the query time. The data in Azure Data Explorer generally follows this pattern: Creating Database, Ingesting data, Query the database.
References
Database management systems
Lists of database management software
Charles Peckham Day (born February 9, 1976) is an American actor, writer and producer.  They are best known for playing Charlie Kelly on the sitcom It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia (2005–present), for which they were nominated for a Critics' Choice Television Award and a Satellite Award in 2011. In 2020, they co-created the Apple TV+ comedy series Mythic Quest alongside Rob McElhenney and Megan Ganz. In film, they are known for their role as Dale in the films Horrible Bosses (2011) and its 2014 sequel, as well as for their roles in Monsters University (2013), Pacific Rim (2013) and its 2018 sequel, The Lego Movie film franchise (2014-2019) and Fist Fight (2017). From 2018 to 2019, Day was the executive producer on the Fox comedy The Cool Kids.
Early life
Charles Peckham Day was born in New York City on February 9, 1976. Their family lived in the Riverdale section of the Bronx. They spent most of their childhood in Middletown, Rhode Island.  They are the youngest of two children, with an elder sister named Alice. Their father, Dr. Thomas Charles Day, who is of Italian and Irish descent, is a retired professor of music history at Salve Regina University in Newport, Rhode Island and their mother, Mary (née Peckham), was a piano teacher at The Pennfield School in Portsmouth, Rhode Island. Their paternal grandfather changed the family name from "Del Giorno" to "Day" to assimilate during WWII and died in a military training accident when their son Thomas was only four.
Day attended Pennfield School and graduated from the Portsmouth Abbey School, both in Portsmouth, Rhode Island. They majored in art history at Merrimack College in North Andover, Massachusetts in 1998. At Merrimack, they were active in the Onstagers, Merrimack's student theater organization. In May 2014, Day gave the commencement speech for Merrimack College's graduating class and received an honorary Ph.D.
After graduating, Day worked on small television roles, advertisements, and voiceovers for the Independent Film Channel, and supplemented their income by waiting tables and answering phones for a telethon.
Career
Beginning in summer 1997 as a college student, Day was active in the training programs at the Williamstown Theatre Festival, where they were a contemporary of actors such as Jimmi Simpson, David Hornsby, Kathryn Hahn and Sterling K. Brown. Day went on to play the lead role in Dead End, at the Huntington Theatre in Boston. In the early 2000s, they appeared on several television shows such as Third Watch, Law & Order, Reno 911! and the cancelled sitcom Luis.
As a young actor living in New York City, Day had lived with Simpson, and the two had often made comedy sketches and absurd short films with Hornsby, Nate Mooney, Logan Marshall-Green and other actor friends. These served as the inspiration for several scripted home movies they later developed with Rob McElhenney and Glenn Howerton in 2003, including a few about three struggling actors getting into schemes and awkward situations in their spare time while living in LA. The scripts evolved and went on to become the pilot episode of the comedy series It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. In 2005, the first season was released on FX television. In addition to being a co-creator, executive producer and writer on the show, Day plays Charlie Kelly, one of the main characters on the show. In 2021, It's Always Sunny became the longest running live action comedy on American television with the release of its fifteenth season.
In July 2011, Day starred in New Line Cinema's Horrible Bosses with Jason Bateman, Jason Sudeikis, Kevin Spacey, Jennifer Aniston, Colin Farrell, and Jamie Foxx. The film was a commercial success and Day's performance was praised by critics. They also had a role in the 2010 film Going the Distance, alongside Justin Long, Jason Sudeikis, and Drew Barrymore. In 2013, they voiced the character Art in the Pixar animated film Monsters University and appeared in the Guillermo del Toro science fiction kaiju film Pacific Rim, in which they played biologist Dr Newton "Newt" Geiszler, who is the focus of the secondary comedic plot with Burn Gorman and Ron Perlman. In 2018, they reprised the role for the sequel Pacific Rim: Uprising directed by Steven S. DeKnight.
In 2017, Day starred in Fist Fight, with Ice Cube. In it, Day plays Andy Campbell, a high school English teacher challenged by their co-worker, history teacher Ronald Strickland (Cube), to a fight after getting them fired. In 2018, they had a role in Drew Pearce's film Hotel Artemis, with Jodie Foster, Sterling K Brown, Brian Tyree Henry and Jenny Slate.
Most recently, Day played their first leading role in a romantic comedy on I Want You Back with Slate for Amazon Studios released on 11 February 2022.
Day also produced the television shows How to Be a Gentleman and Unsupervised, created by It's Always Sunny writers David Hornsby, Scott Marder and Rob Rosell. Day hosted the November 5, 2011 episode of Saturday Night Live (SNL) with Maroon 5 as the musical guest. They were the second cast member from It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia to host SNL (after Danny DeVito, though DeVito hosted SNL before It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia premiered). DeVito made a special appearance during Day's opening monologue. In September 2014, Day provided their voice for The Sims 4 TV spots.
 They are the creator and producer of Fox comedy The Cool Kids, starring Vicki Lawrence, Martin Mull, David Alan Grier and Leslie Jordan and set in a retirement community. On August 9, 2019, Mythic Quest, a new half-hour comedy series co-created by Day and, colleagues from It's Always Sunny, Rob McElhenney and Megan Ganz, was announced as one of the original productions for the then-upcoming streaming service, Apple TV+.
In September 2021, Nintendo announced that Day will be voicing Luigi, in the upcoming Mario movie, set to be released on April 7, 2023. Day is currently also working on their feature directorial debut with the upcoming comedy El Tonto, featuring Kate Beckinsale, Edie Falco and John Malkovich. Day writes, produces, and stars as a silent man who becomes a celebrity and loses it all.
Since November 2022, Day, McElhenney and Howerton have been releasing The Always Sunny Podcast, originally intending on re-watching the entire series and sharing behind-the-scenes information, before the focus of the podcast naturally shifted to emphasize the banter and dynamic between the three creators.
Personal life
A skilled musician, Day can play the piano, accordion, trombone, guitar, and harmonica, and has written or improvised most of the songs featured on It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. In 2014, they received an honorary doctorate in performing arts from Merrimack College, where they also delivered that year's keynote address.
In 2001, Day met actor Mary Elizabeth Ellis. They were already dating in 2004 when they co-starred as incestuous siblings on Reno 911!. Ellis has a recurring role on It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia as The Waitress, the object of the unrequited love and obsession for Day's character. The couple married on March 4, 2006. Together they had their first child, a son named Russell Wallace Day, in December 2011. They live in Los Angeles, California.
Day has stated with uncertainty that they are agnostic.
Filmography
Film
Television
Video games
Theme park attractions
Theatre
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1976 births
Male actors from Rhode Island
American male film actors
American male comedians
American male television actors
American male video game actors
American male voice actors
20th-century American comedians
21st-century American comedians
American people of English descent
American people of Irish descent
American writers of Italian descent
American people of Welsh descent
American television writers
American male television writers
Living people
Merrimack College alumni
People from Middletown, Rhode Island
Male actors from New York City
21st-century American male actors
Screenwriters from New York (state)
Screenwriters from Rhode Island
American agnostics
21st-century American screenwriters
Portsmouth Abbey School alumni
21st-century American male writers
The imaginary audience refers to a psychological state where an individual imagines and believes that multitudes of people are enthusiastically listening to or watching them. Though this state is often exhibited in young adolescence, people of any age may harbor a fantasy of an imaginary audience.
Outside of the field of psychology, the sociological term imagined audience refers to a mentally constructed idea of whom an audience is without real or complete insight into who that may actually be.
Early History in Psychology
David Elkind coined the term "imaginary audience" in 1967. The basic premise of the topic is that people who are experiencing it feel as though their behavior or actions are the main focus of other people's attention. It is defined as how willing a child is to reveal alternative forms of themselves. The imaginary audience is a psychological concept common to the adolescent stage of human development. It refers to the belief that a person is under constant, close observation by peers, family, and strangers. This imaginary audience is proposed to account for a variety of adolescent behaviors and experiences, such as heightened self-consciousness, distortions of others' views of the self, and a tendency toward conformity and faddisms. This act stems from the concept of ego-centrism in adolescents.
Elkind studied the effects of imaginary audience and measured it using the Imaginary Audience Scale (IAS). The results of their research showed that boys were more willing than girls to express different sides of themselves to an audience. This apprehension from girls has given rise to further research on the value of privacy to girls. Imaginary audience influences behavior later in life in regards to risky behaviors and decision-making techniques. A possibility is that imaginary audience is correlated with a fear of evaluation or self-representation effects on self-esteem.
Psychological Duration
The phenomenon stems from egocentrism and is closely related to another topic called 'personal fable'. (Personal Fable involves a sense of "I am Unique.") Imaginary audience effects are not a neurological disorder, but more a personality or developmental stage of life. It is not aroused by a life event; rather it is a part of the developmental process throughout adolescence. It is a natural part of the process of developing a healthy understanding of one's relationship with the world. Most people will eventually gain a more realistic perspective on the roles they play in their peer groups as they mature. This natural developmental process can lead to high paranoia about whether the adolescent is being watched, if they are doing a task right and if people are judging them. Imaginary audience will likely cease before adolescence ends, as it is a huge part of personality development. Imaginary audience can be as simple as having to change multiple times in the morning because the adolescent still feels unsatisfactory about arriving at a destination about his/her appearance even though he/she will appear the same as everyone else. The number of adolescents who experience an imaginary audience effect cannot be described with any sort of statistics because an imaginary audience is experienced in all adolescents.
According to Jean Piaget, a Swiss developmental psychologist known for their epistemological studies with children, every child experiences imaginary audience during the preoperational stage of development. They also stated that children will outgrow this stage by age 7 but as we know now this stage lasts much longer than that. Piaget also said imaginary audience happens because young children believe others see what they see, know what they know, hear what they hear, and feel what they feel. The extremes to which adolescents experience an imaginary audience, however, varies from child to child. Some children are considered to be more "egocentric" than others and experience more of an extreme imaginary audience or have more of an elaborate personal fable. Therefore, children then subconsciously put more value on the idea that everyone cares about what they are doing at all times. This is very common in adolescents during this level of development as the child is going through Erik Erikson's identity vs. identity confusion.
The child is struggling to figure out their identity and formulating congruent values, beliefs, morals, political views, and religious views. So, on top of experiencing an identity moratorium in which they are exploring different identities, children feel they are constantly being watched or evaluated by those around them. This leads to intense pressure being placed on the child and may also influence later self-esteem.
Imaginary Audience Examples
A teen that is affected by imaginary audience might be self-conscious and may worry about what other people think of them. They may change their clothes constantly before leaving the house to make sure they are presentable for everybody that is watching them. They may also spend extra time on make-up and hair to better appeal to the audience they feel they need to impress. A teen may also change their wardrobe to match "trends" that start. They may also believe that they are better than everyone else and everyone is constantly looking at them and judging, feeling the need to look "perfect". A teen who has a pimple on their face will think that everyone will notice and that it is covering half of their face. (This is one very common example of imaginary audience.) In reality, only a small percentage of those people have any interest in a person's activities, and a maturing worldview will usually reduce the impression that this imaginary audience exists. Some people, however, maintain this misapprehension well into their adult years.
Psychological Studies
Gerald Adams and Randy Jones conducted a study to test imaginary audience behavior. They tested total of 115 male and female adolescents between the ages of 11 to 18 using an empathy scale, social sensitivity scale, and a measure of social desirability. They stated Imaginary audience is seen most in teens going through puberty where their bodies are changing rapidly and they are concerned with how everyone is viewing their change. The relationship between age, imaginary audience behavior and self-reported concerns about body image during adolescence questions certain assumptions underlying the development of the Imaginary Audience Behavior scale.
Imagined Audiences in Social Media
Specifically referencing modern social media sites like Facebook and Twitter, Eden Litt and Eszter Hargittai explain that the imagined audience refers to a mental construct people form of their audience without real insight into who is actually consuming their online content.
This disconnect between a user's imagined audience and actual audience is affected by social norms and context, and could play a large role on impression management — if a user believes their audience is composed of certain people, they may curate their social media feed and image to reflect this belief. Notably, academic scholar Jacqueline Vickery found in a study that their informants attempted to dissociate themselves from peers they considered "ghetto." Since their informants were aware that Facebook friend connections are visible to everyone, those who were worried about associating with certain people then needed to maintain online distance by declining those friend requests.
Scholar danah boyd argues that the "imagined audience ... resembles the concept of the White audience inherent to respectability politics; namely, that one must be able to successfully perform a White-defined bourgeois self to achieve upward mobility." The relationship between the dominant, acceptable social norms and intersections of class, gender, racial, or ethnic norms creates tension when managing impressions for both the imagined audience and the invisible audience.
As sharing on social media continues to become more commonplace, the imagined audience will continue to play a role in how people choose to represent themselves on different platforms. For instance, a study on impression management in online dating found that participants had to navigate mediating conflict between the pressures of impression management and their desire to present an authentic sense of self. Other similar studies have also found that there are significant instances of misrepresentation in online dating: 86% of participants in one study felt that other members of their dating sites misrepresented their physical appearance. Misrepresentation, particularly on sites where participants are looking for companionship and love, could be explained by the idea of the imagined audience — as participants form the idea of who is actually viewing their profiles, they may cater their own online representation to be more appealing.
See also
Generalized other
Personal fable
Stare-in-the-crowd effect
References
Paranoia
Developmental psychology
HB2 is the debut EP by haloblack, self-released on February 10, 1992. The album comprises a collection of demos that were recorded in 1992 with the intention of being part of the band's debut Tension Filter.
Reception
CAKE Music gave HB2 a positive review and said haloblack's "beatbox and bass, with buzzsaw melodies and dissonant droning vocals become an emotional biopsy drill for your average, sensitive, new-age guy." Industrialnation awarded the release five out of five possible stars and made note of the energetic performances.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the HB2 liner notes.
haloblack
Bryan Barton (as Bryan Black) – vocals, instruments, production, engineering
Production and design
Carl White – production, engineering
Release history
References
External links
HB2 at Bandcamp
1992 debut EPs
haloblack albums
LexShares is an online marketplace for investing in litigation. It connects plaintiffs in commercial legal disputes with investors to fund their cases. Founded in 2014, LexShares is privately owned with offices in Boston and New York City.
The LexShares platform, launched by co-founders Jay Greenberg and Max Volsky, is an online marketplace for litigation funding, similar to equity crowdfunding. The LexShares platform connects accredited investors with plaintiffs and attorneys looking for funding. Investors can buy a stake in the outcome of a lawsuit by giving plaintiffs, oftentimes business owners, the capital they need to pay legal fees or operate their business while in the midst of litigation.
LexShares funds individual commercial cases. When a new case is offered, LexShares' investor network is notified and has the opportunity to invest through their online platform. In 2018, LexShares closed its debut $25 million multi-claim marketplace fund.
On 10 June 2020, LexShares confirmed the introduction of LexShares Marketplace Fund II (LMFII), a dedicated litigation finance fund with a target size of $100 million. LMFII will invest in litigation-related assets made available on the LexShares marketplace.
On 22 February 2021, LexShares announced majority investment from Brockhurst Capital Partners and that managing partner Cayse Llorens would join the firm as CEO.
References
External links
LexShares
2014 establishments in the United States
Financial services companies of the United States
Online marketplaces of the United States
Karanjit Singh (born 8 January 1986) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Indian Super League club Kerala Blasters.
Club career
Born in Hoshiarpur, Punjab, India, Karanjit started playing football at the age of 15. They were spotted at a local tournament by the former India national team head coach Sukhwinder Singh. Subsequently, they were called for JCT in 2004, where they spent six seasons. They moved to Salgaocar in 2010 and won the 2010–11 I-League in debut season.
Chennaiyin
Karanjit was drafted by Indian Super League club Chennaiyin in 2015 ISL player auction. They appeared in four league games in the 2015 ISL but didn't manage to keep any clean sheets. Chennaiyin won the their first ever ISL title with a 3–2 win against Goa in the final and Karanjit won their second league title. In January 2016, they were loaned out to Salgaocar for the 2015–16 I-League. They signed a two-year contract extension with Chennaiyin in July 2017 ahead of the 2017–18 ISL season. Karanjit kept seven clean sheets in 2017–18 ISL, a joint record for the season and Chennaiyin won their second ISL title and first Indian title with a 3–2 win against Bengaluru in the 2018 ISL final. On 31 August 2019, they signed a one-year contract extension which also made them a goalkeeping coach at the club. On 5 September 2020, Chennaiyin announced that Karanjit had signed a one-year contract extension which kept them at the club till the end of 2020–21 season.
Kerala Blasters
On 21 December, it was announced that Kerala Blasters, the rivals of their old club Chennaiyin has signed Karanjit as a replacement for injured Albino Gomes.
Despite making no appearance for the Blasters in the 2021–22 season, Karanjit signed a one-year contract extension for the Blasters on 30 May 2022.
International career
Karanjit made their debut for India against the United Arab Emirates on 23 July 2011 coming off the bench for red carded goalkeeper Subrata Pal. On 11 December 2011, they helped India win the 2011 SAFF Cup with a 4-0 victory of Afghanistan. They started all of India's five matches and kept three clean sheets while only conceding two goals throughout the tournament.
International career statistics
Honours
Salgaocar
I-League: 2010–11
Federation Cup: 2011
Indian Super Cup; runner-up: 2011
Durand Cup: 2014
Chennaiyin
Indian Super League: 2015, 2017–18
Indian Super League; runner-up: 2019–20
Super Cup; runner-up: 2019
Kerala Blasters
Indian Super League; runner-up: 2021–22
India
SAFF Championship: 2011, 2015; runner-up: 2013
Nehru Cup: 2012
References
External links
Indian footballers
1986 births
Living people
Footballers from Hoshiarpur
I-League players
Salgaocar FC players
India international footballers
Chennai City FC players
Chennaiyin FC players
Indian Super League players
India youth international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
JCT FC players
Kerala Blasters FC players
The Tucumán mountain finch (Poospiza baeri) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is endemic to shrubby woodland in the Andes of north-western Argentina, but it is possible its distribution extends marginally into adjacent Bolivia. Together with the closely related Cochabamba mountain finch, it is placed in the genus Poospiza. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Tucumán mountain finch
Birds of the Southern Andean Yungas
Endemic birds of Argentina
Tucumán mountain finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
John M. Goshko (July 29, 1933 – March 23, 2014) was an American journalist for The Washington Post.
Early life
Goshko was born on July 29, 1933 in Lynn, Massachusetts. They graduated from the University of Pennsylvania, where they earned a bachelor's degree in English in 1955. They served in the United States Army for three years and attended the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, where they earned a master's degree in 1959.
Career
Goshko began their career in journalism in Minneapolis, Minnesota, where they worked for the Star Tribune. In 1961, they joined The Washington Post. They became their correspondent in Lima, Peru in 1965. By 1967, they were their correspondent in Bolivia. They returned to Washington, D.C. in 1975, and they retired in 2000.
Goshko won the Ed Stout Award for best article or report on Latin America from the Overseas Press Club in 1970. They also won the Maria Moors Cabot Prize the same year.
Personal life and death
Goshko married Linda Levitt. They had four children.
Goshko died on March 23, 2014 in Washington, D.C.
References
1933 births
2014 deaths
People from Lynn, Massachusetts
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism alumni
American male journalists
20th-century American journalists
The Washington Post people
Maria Moors Cabot Prize winners
Mousseau is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alexis Mousseau (1767–1848), farmer and political figure in Lower Canada
France Mousseau or Jean-Marc Généreux (born 1962), French Canadian ballroom dance champion, choreographer and TV personality
Jean-Paul Mousseau (1927–1991), Quebec artist, student of Paul-Émile Borduas, member of the Automatist school
Joseph Octave Mousseau (1844–1898), physician and political figure in Quebec
Joseph-Alfred Mousseau, PC (1837–1886), French Canadian politician
Joseph-Octave Mousseau (1875–1965), lawyer and political figure in Quebec
Michael Mousseau (born 1964), American political scientist
See also
Lac Mousseau or Harrington Lake estate, the official country retreat of the Prime Minister of Canada
Moussa
Mousse
Moussey (disambiguation)
Moussy (disambiguation)
Moussé
Jess Hays Dickinson (born March 25, 1947) is the former Presiding Justice of the Supreme Court of Mississippi.
Biography
Early life
Jess Hays Dickinson was born in Charleston, Mississippi. Their mother was Laura Augusta Hays (1920–2008). They have a brother, Leonard Lee Dickinson III.
They earned a Bachelor's degree from Mississippi State University in 1978, and a Juris Doctor from the University of Mississippi School of Law in 1982.
Career
They practiced law in Jackson and Gulfport before serving as a Forrest Circuit Court Judge. They joined the Supreme Court in January 2004. They have been a member of the adjunct faculty of both William Carey College and the Mississippi College School of Law, as well as serving on two committees for the Mississippi Bar. Dickinson is a charter member of the Mississippi Access to Justice Commission.
Personal life
 They are married and has four sons. Dickinson is an accomplished musician and skilled in over 30 instruments, and they are currently a member of the local Mississippi bluegrass and folk band "Bluegrass Appeal."
See also
List of justices of the Supreme Court of Mississippi
References
Living people
1947 births
Mississippi State University alumni
University of Mississippi alumni
Justices of the Mississippi Supreme Court
Mississippi College School of Law faculty
People from Charleston, Mississippi
The Division of Rankin is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland.
Geography
Since 1984, federal electoral division boundaries in Australia have been determined at redistributions by a redistribution committee appointed by the Australian Electoral Commission. Redistributions occur for the boundaries of divisions in a particular state, and they occur every seven years, or sooner if a state's representation entitlement changes or when divisions of a state are malapportioned.
History
The division was created in 1984 and is named after Dame Annabelle Rankin, the first Queensland woman elected to the Senate.
In its original form, Rankin covered the Gold Coast hinterland including Lamington National Park and the major town of Beaudesert as well as some outer metropolitan areas of Brisbane. In this situation it was a marginal seat held by the Labor party. However, with the transfer of the rural hinterland to Forde, Rankin became a much safer Labor seat, being one of only two Queensland seats the ALP retained in the 1996 election.
Today Rankin is based on the outer southern suburbs of the City of Brisbane, in addition to portions of the City of Logan.
Members
Election results
References
External links
Division of Rankin (Qld) — Australian Electoral Commission
Electoral divisions of Australia
Constituencies established in 1984
1984 establishments in Australia
Federal politics in Queensland
Franz Joseph König (15 November 1843 – 12 April 1930) was a German chemist noted among other things as the founder of German food chemistry. They developed many analytical techniques and created the foundations for the modern quality control of foodstuffs.
Life
König was born in Lavesum, Haltern, North Rhine-Westphalia. They studied at the Georg-August-Universität Göttingen and was a member of the Corps Verdensia (1866) and Hercynia (1922). They were awarded a D.Phil.
In 1871 they became director of the newly established agricultural research station in Münster. In 1892 they were elected honorary professor at the Münster Royal Academy (Königliche Akademie zu Münster) and in 1899 was appointed to a chair at the present Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität. In 1887 they were elected a member of the Leopoldina.
They were appointed a Geheimer Regierungsrat.
König died on 12 April 1930 in Münster.
Commemorations
In 1934 the Joseph König Memorial Medal (Joseph-König-Gedenkmünze) of the Food Chemistry Society (Lebensmittelchemische Gesellschaft), a specialist group within the Gesellschaft Deutscher Chemiker, was endowed.
The Agricultural Investigation and Research Institute of North Rhine-Westphalia (Landwirtschaftliche Untersuchungs- und Forschungsanstalt Nordrhein-Westfalen) was renamed on the occasion of its 110th birthday as the "Joseph-König-Institut".
The secondary school of Haltern was named the Joseph-König-Gymnasium in their honour in 2003.
Works
Chemie der menschlichen Nahrungs- und Genußmittel 1878
Chemische Zusammensetzung der menschlichen Nahrungs- und Genussmittel (= Chemie der menschlichen Nahrungs- und Genussmittel. Bd. 1). Springer, Berlin 1879. 4th improved edition edited by A. Bömer. Springer, Berlin 1903
Die menschlichen Nahrungs- und Genussmittel, ihre Herstellung, Zusammensetzung und Beschaffenheit, nebst einem Abriss über die Ernährunglehre (= Chemie der menschlichen Nahrungs- und Genussmittel. Bd. 2). Springer, Berlin 1880. 4th improved edition. Springer, Berlin 1904
References
Sources
Johann Grossfeld: Joseph König (Münster i. W.): Sein Leben u. s. Arbeit; Zur Erinnerg an s. 85. Geburtstag am 15. Nov. 1928, edited together with their sons Friedrich König and Maximilian König, Berlin: P. Parey 1928 (Reihe Die landwirtschaftliche Versuchs-Stationen ; Bd. 108, Erg. Bd.)
External links
Joseph-König-Gedenkmünze der GdCh
20th-century German chemists
1843 births
1930 deaths
People from Haltern
University of Münster faculty
Food chemists
19th-century agronomists
19th-century German chemists
Dominique Jayne Allen (born 10 September 1989) is a British basketball player, currently playing for the Manchester Mystics of the Women's British Basketball League (WBBL). They were a member of the British women's basketball team at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Career
College career
Allen started their career in Birmingham, before spending two seasons playing in the English Basketball League and BUSA competition for Northumbria University, where they earned Most Valuable Player honors in 2006-07. They then transferred to Oral Roberts University in Tulsa, Oklahoma (playing alongside British teammate Georgia Jones), playing 10 games in their first season and 33 in their sophomore year.
In 2010-11, they averaged 5.7 points and 6.0 rebounds per game in 34 games played, including a career-best 15-point and 10 rebound effort against Western Illinois University, their first career double-double.
In their senior season, they averaged 4.3 points and 4.1 rebounds, starting 12 of 31 games played. played their final college game against Wichita State University on March 16, 2012 in the first round of the 2012 Women's National Invitation tournament, playing eight minutes in a 79-57 loss.
International career
Having already represented Great Britain at the 2008 and 2009 European Championships as an under-20 (averaging 5.2 points and 7.3 rebounds in 2009), Allen went on to play for the GB Futures team at the 2011 World University Games in Shenzhen, China. Allen made their senior international debut in 2012 against Croatia, before being selected as one of twelve players to represent Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. It marked their first appearance in the senior international squad, and the first Oral Roberts University Alumni to appear at an Olympics. It also marked the first appearance of a women's basketball team from Great Britain at an Olympic game. Allen played for the Great Britain senior team during the 2013, 2015, and 2017 EuroBasket tournaments.
Allen was a member of the Great Britain women's team that competed at the 2018 Commonwealth Games, earning the silver medal after losing 99-55 to Australia in the gold-medal match.
Professional career
Allen made their professional debut in the 2012-13 season with Italian side Bologna, becoming a regular starter. They left Bologna to sign with the Manchester Mystics for the 2017-18 season, being named the Molten WBBL Player of the Month in January 2017, and later that season, led the Manchester Mystics to a WBBL Cup Final win, earning MVP awards after a 21-point, 11-rebound performance in the final.
In November 2018, they signed a contract with ACS Sepsi in Romania. They also played for Visby Ladies in Sweden in 2019, before returning to the Washington Mystics for the 2019-20 WBBL season.
Career statistics
Oral Roberts University
Personal life
Dominique is the daughter of former Birmingham Bullets and England men's international Clive Allen. While at Oral Roberts University, Dominique played under the same coach as their father when they were at Northwest Nazarene University.In 2012, they graduated from Oral Roberts with a degree in graphic design.
References
General
Specific
External links
Living people
1989 births
People from Wordsley
British women's basketball players
Oral Roberts Golden Eagles women's basketball players
Alumni of Northumbria University
Basketball players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic basketball players of Great Britain
Black British sportswomen
English people of Ghanaian descent
Commonwealth Games medallists in basketball
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
Basketball players at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Simply Ordinary is a 1998 Hong Kong martial arts television series produced by TVB and stars Gordon Lam as famed martial artist Lam Sai-wing, who was also a known disciple of folk hero Wong Fei-hung. The series tells a largely fictional story of Lam before they became Wong's disciple.
Plot
Lam Sai-wing (Gordon Lam) was an honest butcher who had great butchering skills. They were very popular among their fellow villagers and was later nominated as the village headman. Wing met Mary (Jay Lau), who came back from abroad, and wanted to pursue them However, Mary actually wanted to use Wing to help their father to smuggle national treasures to abroad. Wing's cousin Tai (Kenix Kwok) knew about this fraud and warned him. Wing could not tell between truths and lies and was stuck between wealth, fame and love.
Cast
Gordon Lam as Lam Sai-wing ()
Kenix Kwok as Kam Nga-tai ()
Yung Kam-cheung as Shek Sai-fung ()
Jay Lau as Mary Chu ()
King Kong Lam as Kam Nga-wong ()
Chor Yuen as Village Head Lo ()
Cheung Kwok-keung as Ho Ka-po ()
Teresa Ha as Shum Yu ()
Wong Ching as Ho Tai ()
See also
The Return of Wong Fei Hung, a 1984 television series also produced by TVB which also tells the story of Lam Sai-wing.
Magnificent Butcher, a 1979 film which also tells the story of Lam Sai-wing.
List of TVB series (1998)
External links
Official Website
TVB dramas
Martial arts television series
Hong Kong action television series
Period television series
1998 Hong Kong television series debuts
1998 Hong Kong television series endings
Television series set in the Qing dynasty
Television shows set in Guangdong
Ouellette Avenue (most commonly pronounced Oh-Let, pronounced by French-speakers as 'Wellette') is one of the main North-South Roads in Windsor, Ontario, and acts as its Main Street. The road diverges from Dougall Avenue south of Downtown Windsor, travelling northward over the Essex Terminal Railway/CP Rail tracks, before terminating at a turnaround and parking lot at Dieppe Gardens in Windsor's core.
The road is 4-lanes for most of its length, narrowing down to two lanes north of Wyandotte Street. Its purpose is to divert traffic from the Ambassador Bridge (via Highway 3/Huron Church Road), by sending it to the Tunnel (Via Dougall Parkway, Dougall Avenue, to the Detroit-Windsor Tunnel, along Wyandotte Street to its Canadian terminus at Goyeau Street. Traffic onward into the United States generally continues onto Woodward Avenue, Detroit's "Main Street", which lies along the same alignment as Ouellette.
The road is quite busy, and is mostly used by cars, as trucks longer than 45 feet cannot fit around the curve on the American side of the Detroit Tunnel, and the Ambassador Bridge tends to be clogged.
History
Ouellette Avenue first began as the original alignment of Highway 3 from 1920, terminating at the International Ferry Dock between Ouellette Avenue and Dougall Avenue, in downtown Windsor. This remained until July 10, 1929, when the Ambassador Bridge opened. Highway 3 was re-routed along the newly constructed Huron Church Road to the bridge, and Ouellette Avenue was re-designated as Highway 3A (Windsor). This lasted until 1935, when it was re-designated as Highway 3B (Windsor).
In 1962, the City of Windsor re-aligned Ouellette Avenue to flow into Dougall Avenue directly, instead of having Highway 3B traffic head north along Dougall Avenue, then making a short east-bound jog on Tecumseh Road before continuing left (north) on Ouellette Ave. The former alignment remained as Ouellette Avenue, while the new alignment became "Ouellette Place". Four years later, it was designated as a Connecting Link, enabling Windsor to receive monetary and mechanical/paving assistance in maintaining the road, and to continue to sign it as Highway 3B, should it be downloaded. Though it was officially turned back in 1975, the connecting link status remained in place until January 1, 1998. This was when the connecting link status was repealed, and the road was officially retired as a Provincially maintained highway.
Today
Ouellette Avenue serves as access to downtown Windsor and to the Detroit-Windsor Tunnel. The road is also the main path for the Windsor-Detroit International Freedom Festival's Parade, and for the Windsor Jaycees Santa Claus Parade.
References
Streets in Windsor, Ontario
Orthotylus prasinus is a Palearctic species of true bug
References
Orthotylus
Hemiptera of Europe
Insects described in 1826
NBA Full Court Press is a video game published by Microsoft and developed by Australian company Beam Software for Windows in 1996. The game is one of the first to be published by Microsoft for its Windows 95 operating system.
Gameplay
NBA Full Court Press is a simulation of five-a-side basketball matches, featuring four play modes: single game, season, playoffs and practice. The game is fully licensed and contains a roster of NBA players, with a coaching simulator allowing the player to manage rosters, strategies and plays across a full season. Online play includes modem and LAN support for up to four players.
Reception
Sales
Beam Software reported to its shareholders that internal sales figures indicated NBA Full Court Press was one of the best-selling titles of 1996.
Critical reception
NBA Full Court Press received mixed reviews upon release. Positive reviews focused on the attention to detail of the game's coaching features and fluid pacing. Scott May of Computer Gaming World stated "coaching enthusiasts will definitely enjoy the arena of options", with an "impressive playbook selection, stat breakdowns and team management". Jere Lawrence of PC PowerPlay noted the game "plays extremely well" and has "excellent computer AI and well implemented offensive and defensive tactics."
Some reviews were less favorable, focusing on the simplicity of the game's overall presentation and comparisons to other basketball games. Next Generation made unfavorable comparisons to NBA Live 96, released earlier that year, remarking that the gameplay "simply isn't as precise, or even fun as other basketball titles". Gary Whitta of PC Gamer US focused on the "bland graphics" of the game, noting "the lack of a moving camera and in particular the look of the players themselves is underwhelming".
References
1996 video games
Microsoft games
National Basketball Association video games
Video games developed in Australia
Windows games
Windows-only games
Blood to the Head (French: Le sang à la tête) is a 1956 French drama film directed by Gilles Grangier and starring Jean Gabin, Paul Frankeur and Claude Sylvain. It is based on the 1942 novel Young Cardinaud by Georges Simenon.
It was shot at the Epinay Studios and on location in La Rochelle. The film's sets were designed by the art director Robert Bouladoux.
Cast
Jean Gabin as François Cardinaud
Paul Frankeur as Drouin
Claude Sylvain as Raymonde Babin
Georgette Anys as Titine Babin
José Quaglio as Mimile Babin
Paul Faivre as Monsieur Cardinaud - père
Léonce Corne as Charles Mandine
Florelle as Sidonie Vauquier
Paul Azaïs as Alphonse, le patron des 'Charentes'
Rivers Cadet as Le patron du Robinson
Paul Oettly as Vauquier
Yolande Laffon as Isabelle Mandine
Julienne Paroli as Madame Cardinaud - mère
Gabriel Gobin as Arthur Cardinaud
Marcel Pérès as Thévenot, un marinier
Rudy Palmer as Vittorio
Hugues Wanner than L'expert
Joël Schmitt as Le patron du 'Grand Café'
Jean-Louis Bras as Jean Cardinaud
Monique Mélinand as Marthe Cardinaud
Henri Crémieux as Hubert Mandine
Renée Faure as Mademoiselle
References
Bibliography
Oscherwitz, Dayna & Higgins, MaryEllen. The A to Z of French Cinema. Scarecrow Press, 2009.
External links
1956 films
1956 drama films
French drama films
1950s French-language films
Films directed by Gilles Grangier
Films shot at Epinay Studios
Films based on works by Georges Simenon
Films based on Belgian novels
Films set in La Rochelle
Films with screenplays by Michel Audiard
1950s French films
Sebastián Oscar López (born 13 October 1985) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Argentino de Quilmes.
Career
López started their senior career with Lugano in 2005. Eleven goals arrived across eighty-one appearances in Primera D Metropolitana. In 2008, López moved up to Primera B Metropolitana with Deportivo Armenio. They scored goals against Estudiantes, Comunicaciones and Temperley in their first campaign, before netting at least once in each of the following five seasons. In total, the midfielder participated in over two hundred Primera B Metropolitana games for Deportivo Armenio. On 2 July 2014, López joined fellow third tier team Deportivo Español. In season two, López started forty of their forty-two league fixtures.
January 2016 saw López sign for Deportivo Riestra. Their first goal for the club didn't arrive until match number one hundred and three versus Fénix in April 2019, in the succeeding season after their twelve-month stint in Primera B Nacional following 2016–17 promotion.
Career statistics
.
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Buenos Aires Province
Argentine footballers
Association football midfielders
Primera D Metropolitana players
Primera B Metropolitana players
Primera Nacional players
Club Atlético Lugano players
Deportivo Armenio footballers
Deportivo Español footballers
Deportivo Riestra players
Argentino de Quilmes players
"Living in America" is the second single by Swedish new wave band The Sounds from their debut album Living In America. The song reached number 3 in the Swedish single charts and was the band's first single released in the United States.
Trivia
The song is featured in the 2010 video game, Rock Band 3.
The song is the theme song for the television series Welcome to Sweden.
Track listings
CD 0927-48443-5
"Living in America" (3:28)
"The S.O.U.N.D.S (In-house Version)" (3:39)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2002 singles
Castianeira variata is a species of spider in the family Corinnidae, found in North and Central America. The body length is typically 7 to 9 mm, the females being larger. Castianeira variata is similar in general appearance to C. longipalpus. The carapace dark reddish brown to nearly black with thin white hairs, darker on the sides.
References
External links
Bugguide species info page Castianeira variata
xpda, Photos from Earth Castianeira variata
World Spider Catalog Castianeira variata
Corinnidae
Spiders of North America
Spiders described in 1942
Taxa named by Willis J. Gertsch
The Texas General Land Office (GLO) is a state agency of the U.S. state of Texas, responsible for managing lands and mineral rights properties that are owned by the state. The GLO also manages and contributes to the state's Permanent School Fund. The agency is headquartered in the Stephen F. Austin State Office Building in Downtown Austin.
Role and remit
The General Land Office's main role is to manage Texas's publicly owned lands, by negotiating and enforcing leases for the use of the land, and sometimes by making sales of public lands. Royalties and proceeds from land sales are added to the state's Permanent School Fund, which helps to fund public education within the state. The agency is also responsible for keeping records of land grants and titles and for issuing maps and surveys of public lands. The agency also manages federal disaster recovery grant funding.
Since 2011 the GLO has managed The Alamo in San Antonio. The management of the Alamo was transferred to the General Land Office after allegations of mismanagement were directed at the prior manager, the Daughters of the Republic of Texas.
History
The Congress of the Republic of Texas established the General Land Office on 22 December 1836 (making the GLO the oldest existing Texas public agency). The agency's constitutional purpose was to "superintend, execute, and perform all acts touching or respecting the public lands of Texas." Since its establishment the agency has been located in Austin, although a relocation to Houston was briefly attempted during the Texas Archive War. One former home of the GLO, the Old Land Office Building, is a registered historic place and now serves as the Texas State Capitol Visitor's Center.
When Texas was annexed into the United States in 1845, it kept control of all of its public lands from its time as a sovereign state. As a result, Texas is the only US state to control all of its own public lands; all federal lands in Texas were acquired by purchase (e.g. military bases) or donation (e.g. national parks).
Texas's public lands were significantly enlarged by the US Submerged Lands Act of 1953 and the resolution of the ensuing Tidelands Controversy. Because Texas's historical territorial waters originated with the Republic, the US Supreme Court ruled in 1960 that Texas was in the unique position of owning territory out to three leagues (10.35 miles) from its coastline (significantly more than the three miles controlled by other coastal states). All of these lands (and the oil and gas deposits beneath them) are managed by the General Land Office.
Texas Land Commissioner
The head of the General Land Office is the Texas Land Commissioner, a statewide public official elected every four years. The current land commissioner is George P. Bush, who was elected on 4 November 2014. On June 19, 2017, Bush announced they would be running for re-election to the Texas Land Commissioner position, focusing on veteran issues, protection for the Gulf Coast from future disasters, continue to renovate the Alamo, and financing Texas children's education. Bush was reelected in 2018.
On June 2, 2021, Bush announced that they would run against scandal-plagued fellow Republican Ken Paxton, who is expected to seek re-election as Texan Attorney General, in the Republican primary. Bush told reporters after their announcement that they had asked Trump for their endorsement. Two days later, Republican state Senator Dawn Buckingham announced that they would seek their party's nomination to replace Bush as Land Commissioner.
See also
Permanent School Fund
References
External links
State agencies of Texas
Government agencies established in 1836
Land management in the United States
1836 establishments in the Republic of Texas
