Henry Chapier (14 November 1933 – 27 January 2019) was a French journalist, film critic, television presenter and feature film director.
Biography
Henry Chapier was born in Bucharest, Romania, the son of an international lawyer and an actor of Austrian descent. They left Romania along with their family in 1947.
Chapier began in 1958 a career as film critic collaborating with the weekly newspaper Arts with François Truffaut. They later became a stringer at L'Express and obtained a prize as best beginner journalist in 1959. The same year they became editor-in-chief of the Culture pages of Combat and was also the film critic of that newspaper until 1974. They got involved in the 1968 controversy over the dismissal of Henri Langlois from the Cinémathèque Française.
At the 1970 San Sebastián International Film Festival, their first film Sex Power won the Silver Shell award for best direction, from a jury that Chapier remembers was presided by Fritz Lang. In 1973, they directed the "semi-experimental" film Amore, with a score by Vangelis Papathanassiou and a screenplay ostensibly by Paul Morrissey & Andy Warhol.
In April 1974, Philippe Tesson created Le Quotidien de Paris and Henry Chapier was the editor-in-chief of the Culture pages. Chapier joined FR3 in 1978 as a film and cultural editorialist. In 1981, they are one of the three editors-in-chief of Soir 3. They later created the television program Le Divan which they hosted from 1987 to 1994. They left France 3 that year and became president of the Maison européenne de la photographie in 1996. The same year, they were a member of the jury at the Cannes Film Festival after being a member of the jury at the Caméra d'Or in 1988.
Chapier died in their sleep at home in the early hours of Sunday 27 January 2019.
Honours
Commandeur (Commander) of the Ordre national du Mérite
Officier (Officer) of the Légion d'Honneur
References
External links
Official website
1933 births
2019 deaths
20th-century French journalists
French television presenters
French film directors
Romanian emigrants to France
Commanders of the National Order of Merit (France)
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
French male non-fiction writers
LGBT journalists from France
The American Book Company (ABC) was an educational book publisher in the United States that specialized in elementary school, secondary school and collegiate-level textbooks. It is best known for publishing the McGuffey Readers, which sold 120 million copies between 1836 and 1960.
History
American Book Company was formed in 1890 by the consolidation of Van Antwerp, Bragg and Co., A.S. Barnes & Co., D. Appleton and Co., and Ivison, Blakeman and Co. It was acquired by Litton Industries in 1967 and existed as a division of Litton Educational Publishing, Inc. until being sold to the International Thomson Organization in 1981. Thomson then sold its American Book Company K-12 assets to D. C. Heath and Company in 1981. The company was absorbed into D. C. Heath and ceased to exist as an imprint. Any remaining K-12 assets of the American Book Company are now owned by Houghton Mifflin (now Houghton Mifflin Harcourt), which acquired D. C. Heath and Company in 1995.
Many of the college level textbook rights of ABC/Litton were sold by International Thomson as well, to Van Nostrand Reinhold, though some remained under the Wadsworth imprint at Thomson, which is now Cengage Learning.
American Writers Series
Beginning in 1934 and continuing into the 1940s, the American Book Company published a 23-volume American Writers Series with Harry H. Clark as the general editor. Each volume had one or two editors and consisted of "representative selections, with introduction, bibliography, and notes".
The volume on Benjamin Franklin drew a warm tribute from Carl Van Doren to Frank Luther Mott.
References
Notes
External links
American Book Company Records at Syracuse University
Educational book publishing companies
Defunct book publishing companies of the United States
Educational publishing companies of the United States
Publishing companies established in 1890
The Turtle Conservancy (TC) is a 501(c)3 organization with a focus on protecting threatened turtles and tortoises and their habitats worldwide working toward improving turtle and tortoise populations in the wild. The TC is a conservation organization protecting tortoises and freshwater turtles with work in five areas: species conservation, protection of wild lands, research science, global awareness and education, and illegal trade prevention.
The TC has supported projects to protect endangered turtles and tortoises in China, Guyana, India, Mexico, Madagascar, Nicaragua, Pakistan, South Africa, the Philippines, and the United States, and has conducted work around the world, particularly in Southeast Asia, investigating the turtle and tortoise trade.
Programs
The Turtle Conservancy's conservation strategies include habitat protection, restoration and flight attendantship, turtle and tortoise reintroduction and a fieldwork grant program.
Geometric tortoise - South Africa
The geometric tortoise (Psammobates geometricus) is a small tortoise with a domed carapace and yellow and black radiating pattern. Fully grown, it reaches five to six inches. In South Africa, the Turtle Conservancy, along with its partner organizations, purchased 1,000 acres of the last remaining habitat for this critically endangered tortoise, creating the Geometric Tortoise Preserve. The TC partnered with the Cape Province wildlife agency Cape Nature and turtle biologist Dr. Margaretha Hofmeyr on two projects related to the critically endangered geometric tortoise.
Goode's thornscrub tortoise - Mexico
The Goode's thornscrub tortoise (Gopherus evgoodei) was described in 2015 by scientists Mercy Vaughn and lead author Dr. Taylor Edwards of the University of Arizona in honor of Turtle Conservancy co-founder Eric Goode. The Turtle Conservancy secured approximately 1,000 acres of tropical deciduous forest in southern Sonora, Mexico, for the protection of this newly described species. The property targeted for this land acquisition has been identified for its hospitable tortoise habitat, and for its location adjoining a nature reserve, the Reserva Monte Mojino. This project will increase the chance of the survival of numerous tortoise species and aid in restoring the rich biodiversity associated with this ecosystem. This protected area will protect the globally endangered tropical deciduous forest ecosystem supporting 36 families of tropical trees, 48 species of orchids, the highest diversity of birds in Sonora, 5 species of wild cats, and 79 species of amphibians and reptiles. The entire area will be owned and managed by Nature and Culture International, the organization that currently manages the Reserva Monte Mojino.
Bolson tortoise - Mexico
The Turtle Conservancy purchased 43,000 acres of the last remaining habitat of the Bolson tortoise (Gopherus flavomarginatus), in the state of Durango, Mexico. The largest of the North American terrestrial reptiles, this tortoise has been known to science only since 1959. The Bolson tortoise inhabits a small area of Bolsón de Mapimí in the Chihuahuan Desert of Mexico. The Mapimí Biosphere Reserve was created to protect this species, but much of this land is used for agricultural development and cattle grazing, which is threatening the tortoise's habitat. The acquisition of this land in north central Mexico will protect the tortoise along with all other native flora and fauna including an estimated 28 mammals, over 200 bird species, 5 amphibians, and 39 reptiles. The Turtle Conservancy began this effort with assistance from the Andrew Sabin Family Foundation, Josiah T. Austin, and the Desert Tortoise Council as well as the Turner Endangered Species Fund.
Ploughshare tortoise - Madagascar
In Madagascar the Turtle Conservancy collaborates with Durrell Wildlife Conservation Trust (DWCT) to protect the ed ploughshare tortoise (Astrochelys yniphora) from extinction. The Turtle Conservancy engaged in the education of local communities and in animal marking to help reduce the illegal poaching of ploughshare tortoises. In addition, the Turtle Conservancy is a member of the International Ploughshare Tortoise Working Group, which sets the direction for ploughshare tortoise conservation worldwide. Today the ploughshare tortoise is the second rarest tortoise in the world and can be sold on the black market for prices ranging from a few thousand dollars for juveniles to tens of thousands for adults. The immediate goals for the species are to stop poaching and to reclaim animals from illegal collections and place them in accredited captive breeding programs.
Palawan forest turtle - Philippines
On the Island of Palawan in the Philippines 1,890 acres was secured for the protection of the critically endangered Palawan forest turtle. This effort is led by the Katala Foundation Inc. (KFI), with support from the Turtle Conservancy, Rainforest Trust, and Global Wildlife Conservation. The local government of Mendoza with help from the municipal government of Roxas, Palawan, designated this acreage as a protected watershed, in effect creating a wildlife protection area which will directly benefit this turtle. An additional 23 acres of land was purchased from local farmers to prevent further agricultural development and restore its original riverside rainforest habitat.
Golden coin turtle - China
The Turtle Conservancy works with Kadoorie Farm and Botanic Garden (KFBG), and the Agriculture, Fisheries and Conservation Department. to return critically endangered golden coin turtles (Cuora trifasciata) to their native habitat in southern China. These critically endangered turtles will remain on the protected grounds of KFBG as part of its Endangered Species Conservation Program, until they may be safely released into the wild. This turtle faces extinction due to the wildlife trade and the high value placed on it. Eating the animal in a jelly called guilinggao is falsely believed to promote general well-being, but it is also purported to be a cure for everything from acne to cancer. Due to these false beliefs, the golden coin turtle is one of the highest priced turtles in the trade, with prices for a single animal ranging from $10,000 to as high as $25,000. This program is the first repatriation of turtles captive-bred in another country (United States) back to their home country of China.
Diamondback terrapin - United States
The Turtle Conservancy is a proud partner of the Terrapin Nesting Project on Long Beach Island, New Jersey. The Terrapin Nesting Project is an organization founded by Kathy Lacey in 2011 with the ongoing support of the Sierra Club. The aim is to restore terrapin populations on Long Beach Island by protecting nests and releasing hatchlings back into the bay through the Adopt-a-Nest program. Visitors can adopt a nest in the spring for a nominal fee and then participate in releasing hatchlings when the nests hatch in late summer. In addition, Lacey and their team of volunteers are "re-beaching" yards with sand, replacing the decorative rock and clay yards that have displaced original nesting areas. Northern diamondback terrapins (Malaclemys terrapin terrapin) are native to the East Coast of the United States and over the past two centuries have seen their numbers dwindle. Through the effort of Lacey and their team of volunteers, terrapin numbers are on the rise. In 2017 alone, over 3,000 hatchling terrapins were released back into the wild.
Conservation Center
The Turtle Conservancy's Conservation Center is the only zoological facility dedicated to turtle and tortoises certified by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums. Founded in 2005, upon the request of John L. Behler (1943-2006), the international turtle conservationist and then curator of herpetology at the Bronx Zoo, to provide a home for the Wildlife Conservation Society's established turtle and tortoise assurance colony. These original 130 tortoises were personally escorted by Turtle Conservancy staff across the country from St. Catherine's Island, Georgia to BCC's new facility in southern California. The group included founder animals of the radiated tortoise (Astrochelys radiata) Species Survival Plan and the first recorded hatchling spider tortoises (Pyxis arachnoides) in the US. Most of these animals remain active in the BCC breeding program today.
The organization's conservation center runs breeding programs for 32 species of endangered turtles and tortoises, 12 of which are on the "Top 40 Most Endangered" list, according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature's Tortoise and Freshwater Turtle Specialist Group. The center currently manages assurance colonies representing over of the world's top critically endangered turtle and tortoise taxa. The Turtle Conservancy has had success breeding a variety of species including the critically endangered Burmese star tortoise, Chaco tortoise (Chelonoidis chilensis), parrot-beaked padloper (Homopus areolatus), speckled padloper (Homopus signatus), Assam roofed turtle (Pangshura sylhetensis), Okinawa leaf turtle (Geoemyda japonica), and the impressed tortoise (Manouria impressa).
Over the past 13 years, the TC has supported researchers, ecologists, conservationists, naturalists, students, and artists. Many of the world's leading authorities on turtles and tortoises have spent time on the campus learning about the husbandry, genetics, and natural history of these animals. Many influential artists and wildlife photographers have also engaged with the collection to help promote turtle and tortoise conservation. Similarly, students from all over the world have been funded or sponsored by the Turtle Conservancy to participate in turtle and tortoise conservation.
Trade monitoring and interdiction
The global trade in turtles and tortoises for food, traditional medicine, and pets is the most serious threat to many turtles and tortoises. Poaching and the trade can cause extinction even where there is still ample habitat. The Turtle Conservancy works with TRAFFIC, the international wildlife trade monitoring group, and with governments to monitor smugglers and provide care for confiscated animals. Working closely with TRAFFIC Southeast Asia, the TC financially supports one staff member in Southeast Asia who is dedicated solely to monitoring turtles and tortoises in illegal trade routes and markets in SE Asia. TRAFFIC SE Asia has been investigating the trade in tortoises for the past ten years, including the four species originating from Madagascar. At present, TRAFFIC is targeting five hubs in five countries—Bangkok, Jakarta, Singapore, Kuala Lumpur, and Manila—specifically to address the illegal trade activities of the four critically endangered Malagasy tortoise species, but also to monitor the trade in all threatened tortoises and freshwater turtles.
Global awareness and education
With the hope of inspiring global conservation action to save the world's turtles and tortoises, the Turtle Conservancy uses media and education in its ongoing Turtles in Crisis awareness campaign. The Turtle Conservancy shines a spotlight on the global turtle crisis through global media campaigns. Since its inception, many millions of people have heard the message. Scientific and international media outlets including CBS 60 Minutes, PBS Charlie Rose, The New Yorker, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, the Los Angeles Times, The Dodo, and National Public Radio have profiled the Turtle Conservancy.
The Tortoise magazine
The Tortoise is a bi-annual publication dedicated to the appreciation and conservation of tortoises and turtles and their habitats as they relate to culture, the arts, and the global human experience.
"Turtles in Trouble"
A report published by the Turtle Conservation Coalition calls attention to the grave conservation status of the world's tortoises and freshwater turtles. According to "Turtles in Trouble: The World's 25+ Most Endangered Tortoises and Freshwater Turtles – 2018", more than half of the currently recognized 356 species of turtles and tortoises are threatened with extinction. Among all animals, only the nonhuman primates, with approximately 60% of species threatened with extinction, are in a more precarious state. The report updates earlier assessments, and adds two new species to the most endangered list.
Turtle Ball
The Turtle Ball is the Turtle Conservancy's annual benefit. The event's live and silent auctions feature fine artworks from various artists, and the proceeds go to support the Turtle Conservancy's work to protect turtles and tortoises around the world.
References
External links
The Tortoise magazine
"Turtles in Trouble: The World's 25+ Most Endangered Tortoises and Freshwater Turtles – 2018"
Environmental organizations established in 2009
Environmental organizations based in New York (state)
Turtle conservation organizations
is a Japanese actor, known for portraying Byakuya Kuchiki in rock musical Bleach. They weigh 57 kilograms and is 174 centimeters tall. Their nickname is Osamu-chan.
Musical
Rock Musical BLEACH - Byakuya Kuchiki
Rock Musical BLEACH Saien - Byakuya Kuchiki
Rock Musical BLEACH The Dark of The Bleeding Moon - Byakuya Kuchiki
Rock Musical BLEACH Live Bankai Show Code 001 - Byakuya Kuchiki
Rock Musical BLEACH No Clouds in the Blue Heaven - Byakuya Kuchiki
Rock Musical BLEACH Live Bankai Show Code 002- Byakuya Kuchiki
Rock Musical BLEACH Live Bankai Show Code 003- Byakuya Kuchiki
Rock Musical BLEACH The - Byakuya Kuchiki
Hanasakeru Seishounen: The Budding Beauty - Quinza
External links
Official blog (in Japanese)
Official Homepage (in Japanese)
Statistics (in Japanese
Japanese male actors
1979 births
Living people
A professional driver is someone who is paid to drive a vehicle.
Types of professional driver
Bus driver
Chauffeur
Delivery (commerce)
Emergency medical technician (ambulance driver)
Motorman (tram/streetcar driver)
Pay driver
Racing driver
Taxicab driver
Test driver
Train driver
Truck driver
Valet parking
See also
Driver
Pilot
Driver
Driver
Driver
Driver
Ibolya Petrika (born 27 May 1957) is a Hungarian former sprinter who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1957 births
Living people
Hungarian female sprinters
Olympic athletes of Hungary
Athletes (track and field) at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Iceland is geologically quite young, and mostly formed from volcanic processes, so fossils there are rare. The oldest fossils found in Iceland are from the Miocene, about 15 mya, and are plant remains. In addition to plant remains, fossilized remains of insects from the Miocene and Pliocene have been found. Miocene and Pliocene fossil sites are found mainly in the West of Iceland and the Westfjords. Remains of invertebrates have been found In Ice age strata, especially in fresh water and marine sediments. It is rare to find fossil remains of land animals in Iceland, although remains of deer bones have been found.
Fossilioferous strata
Between the layers of the basaltic plateau lavas in Iceland, there is an abundance of clay rich reddish silt- and sandstone layers. These layers are formed from ancient soil wherein are preserved the fossilized remains of plants. It is estimated that about five to ten thousand years passed on average between the formation of two adjacent layers that make up the basaltic plateau. Volcanic eruptions with frequency of one in every few years facilitated soil formation and thus enabled plants to gain a foothold. In the sediments between the basalt layers there are in places marks left by stems and leaves along with carbonated plant material. These sediments, however, are not the only ones that carry plant remains, among the thickest sediments among the basaltic formations there are finely grained silt and clay sediments formed in basins that once were filled by ancient lakes (lacustrine deposits). These sediments also include plant fossils. Some invertebrate remnants have been found in Ice age sediments, especially in fresh water and marine sediments. Remains of marine invertebrates can abundantly be found in the sediments at Tjörnes peninsula.
Plant fossils
Remains of plants from the Cenozoic have been found in sediments, giving information on climate, vegetation and wildlife at that time. Plant fossils are most commonly found in sedimentary rocks of the West of Iceland and the Westfjords.
Plant fossils found in basalt layers
Fossilized plant material from the late Cenozoic have been found in basalt layers. These are most commonly holes and traces from branches and tree trunks while Pseudomorphs (in this case basaltic casts of tree trunks) have also been found.
Lignite
Lignite is abundant in sediments between the basalt layers. Lignite from the Westfjords and Tjörnes contains mainly the remnants of conifers such as pine, giant sequoia, Glyptostrobus and larch but also deciduous trees. A variety of plant remnants have been found in adjacent sediments. These remnants are mainly preserved in silty or sandy fresh water sediments, e.g. in Surtarbrandsgil in Brjánslækur.
Cenozoic flora
Fossilized Icelandic vegetation older than 10 million years old shows similarities to vegetation that grew in the deciduous forests of North America and bears witness to a milder climate than is currently prevalent on the island. It is therefore likely that, at this time or earlier, there was a land bridge between proto-Iceland and North America. The average temperature must have been around 8-12 °C in this period.
Warm temperate climate
The vegetation remains in the Þórishlíðarfjall mountain in Selárdalur are around 15 million years old and contain the remnants of warm temperate forest of deciduous and coniferous trees. The most abundant are beech, chestnut, elm, linden, magnolia, Cercidiphyllum, Glyptostrobus, giant sequoia and Sequoia abietina.
Temperate climate
Vegetation remains in Dufansdalur in Fossafjörður (in Arnarfjörður) contain 13.5 million years old remains of a forest, which grew in temperate climates. Most abundant are beech, birch, hornbeam and elm are most common, but angiosperms are more pronounced than gymnosperms. The remains in Surtarbrandsgili at Brjánslækur and at Seljá in Vaðalsdalur are estimated to be about 12 million years old. Most notable are fir, spruce, giant sequoia, bay laurel, magnolia, maple, alder, birch, willow, tulip trees, elm and hazel. At this time, deciduous trees were beginning to give way to conifers and beech was no longer the main tree. Plant remains from sediments at Tröllatunga and at Húsavíkurkleif in Steingrímsfjörður and in Hólmatindur at Reyðarfjörður are 10-9 million years old. Ferns, willow, maple, magnolia, birch, walnut and hickory appear to have been dominant in lowland vegetation at this time. In Hrútagil in Mókollsdalur in Strandasýsla there are 9-8 million years old vegetation remnants, where beech seems to have been common again, but also found is maple, birch, alder, elm, Pterocarya (wingnuts) and hazel.
Cold temperate climate
Fossilized plant remains in the vicinity of lake Hreðavatn are estimated to be 7-6 million years old, where birch, willow and conifers have prevailed rather than warmer climate species. The climate was cooling on the upper part of the Miocene, as the remains of Hreðavatn show. Remains in Sleggjulækur in Borgarfjörður, which indicate further cooling, are probably about 3.5 million years old. Birch, willow and grass became more and more prominent at the same time as the forest cover was diminishing.
Ice Age climate
About 2.6 million years ago, glacial sediments formed in Borgarfjörður suggesting further cooling. In the sediment layers in Breiðuvík in Tjörnes, plant remains are found at the bottom of the layers. These are about two million years old pollen from pine, alder, birch and grasses. Thus the forest had mostly disappeared at this time and been replaced by shrubland along with conifers and alder. During later ice age periods, birch appears to have been the only forest tree and vegetation similar to what is now. In Bakkabrún in Víðidalur in Vestur-Húnavatnssýsla, about 70m thick sediments have been found, which are estimated to be about 1.7 million years old. In the sediments there are marks left by foliage of birch, willow, alder and heather. In Stöð in the northern part of Snæfellsnes peninsula there has also been found to similar vegetation remains, though younger, about 1.1 million years old. In 120 meters thick sediments on Svínafellsfjall in Öræfi there are sediments where marks from alder leaves are abundant. The remains are thought to be about 800,000 years old. In Elliðavogur near Reykjavík, there is a layer of 20 cm thick carbonized vegetation on top of a tillite layer, but the remains are just below the Reykjavik dolerite. In these layers, probably from the late ice age, seeds and fruits of various existing endemic plant species have been found along with pollen from birch, willow and other plants. The vegetation in the ice age gradually shifted to the current state. Of the 440 species of vascular plants currently living in Iceland, 97% are thought to be European in origin, only about 10 species are of American origin.
Terrestrial and fresh water animal fossils
Remains of terrestrial and freshwater animals are rarely found among the layers of Icelandic basalt plateau formations, as the sediments are poor in calcium and thus the remains dissolve quickly.
Fresh water animals
Of freshwater animals, tiny choanoflagellates and needles from small sponges have been found in the lignite in Brjánslækur. Remains of water fleas have been found in Mókollsdalur and Langavatnsdalur. In a gorge above Illugastaðir in Fnjóskadalur, parts of bivalve molluscs were found which probably lived in fresh water since there is residue of plants and diatoms in the sediment.
Terrestrial animals
The remains of terrestrial animals have rarely been found in Icelandic strata.
Terrestrial insects
Remnants of beetles have been found in the lignite at Brjánslækur and scale insects have been described from sediments at Tröllatunga in Steingrímsfjörður. In Hrútagili, in the Mokollsdalur valley, well-preserved Chironomidae and aphids have been found. This aphid is of the species Longistigma caryae, the giant bark aphid. This aphid now lives in the eastern North American deciduous belt. This is the oldest specimen of this species ever found.
Fossilized deer bones
The remains of a deer were found in Þuríðargil in Hofsárdalur in Vopnarfjörður. The remains were found in a red siltstone layer about 330 meters above sea level. There, bone remnants were found from a young animal's shoulder area and parts of the scapula can be identified. The age of the sediment is 3.5-3 million years and therefore older than the ice age. It is clear, therefore, that animals and plants became isolated in Iceland after it became an island.
Holocene remains
The only terrestrial remains that have been found from the Holocene are insects and freshwater crabs found in sedimentary beds in Elliðavogur near Reykjavík. Little of terrestrial remains have been discovered since last glaciation. However, a molar from a polar bear was found in about 13,000 years old sedimentary strata at Röndin near Kópasker. Footprints by an aquatic bird have been found at Ellidaár river near Reykjavik and a bone from a common eider in marine sedimentary strata in Melabakkar in Melasveit.
Marine animal remains
The remains of marine animals that once lived on the shores of Iceland have widely been discovered. Most are molluscs, but the remains of fish and marine mammals have been found. For example, walrus bones have been found in the area from Faxaflói to Hunaflói; skulls, teeth, ribs and baculum.
Tjörnes sediments
At Tjörnes peninsula are abundance of marine sediments older than the Ice Age (the oldest about 5 million years) and the total thickness of these layers is no less than 500 meters. In these layers remains of different marine animal communities have been discovered and nowhere else have more species of marine animals been found in Icelandic sediments. The molluscs, crustaceans and forams are most common, but there are also remains of fish and marine mammals, that is seals, walrus and whales. The layers can be divided into three belts by which type of shell is the most dominant in each layer. The lowest and oldest is the Venerupis zone or Tapes zone, in the middle is the Mactra zone and at the top and youngest is the Serripes zone.
Venerupis zone
Three types of Venerupis shells (carpet shells) have been found in the zone and one of them now lives no further north than the North Sea.
Mactra zone
The Mactra shells found in this zone are now extinct. Species found in the Venerupis and Mactra zones are the same as found in other similarly aged sediments found elsewhere in the North Atlantic. However, many of them live in warmer seas than the prevalent sea temperatures of the Icelandic coast.
Serripes zone
At the bottom of the Serripes zone, the fauna changes with the arrival of species previously unknown in the area. These include common whelk, Neptunea despecta, Serripes, Macoma calcarea and the wrinkled rock-borer (Hiatella arctica), but these species are now among the most common species of shellfish in Iceland. Around 80 species of molluscs, mainly snail and bivalve species, have been found at the Serripes zone. In Breiðuvík in Tjörnes, about 125 meters wide sedimentary layers are formed in part by a marine sediment containing the remains of marine animals, especially forams, crustaceans and molluscs.
Xenolith fossils
In Mýrdalur in Vestur-Skaftafellssýsla, small rocks of silt or sandstone with shellfish remains have been found here and there among the volcanic tuff. Similar xenoliths have been found in the tuff of Surtsey and Heimaey. During eruptions these xenoliths were dislodged from eruption channels and ejected with the rest of the volcanic debris.
Búlandshöfði
On the northern side of Snæfellsnes from Kirkjufell west to Skarðslækur there are traces of up to 50 meters thick sediments. In these strata at cape Búlandshöfði there have been found cold-sea species such as Portlandia arctica, Leda pernula, the wrinkled rock-borer (Hiatella arctica), Tridonta montagui and Tachyrhynchus erosus (eroded turretsnail). At the bottom of the layers at Búlandshöfði, however, there are warm-sea species such as mussels, Arctica islandica (ocean quahog) and common periwinkle. Most of the evidence suggests that the strata at Búlandshöfði was formed at the end of a glacial period and at the beginning of the following warm period. Age analysis of the layers indicates that oldest ones are about 1.1 million years old.
Ice age strata in Reykjavik and Seltjarnarnes
In Háubakkar in Elliðavogur near Reykjavík, there are sediments underneath the Reykjavik dolerite which includes shells; Ennucula tenuis, Macoma calcarea and Mya truncata. Sediments can be found in Setjarnarnes and in the northern part of Fossvogur which contain the remains of marine fauna; forams, snails, bivalves and crustaceans. These layers have formed in the sea at the end of the last glacial period.
Dog whelk layers
Remains from a time in the current warm period when the sea level was higher are called the Dog whelk layers (Nákuðungslögin), seen especially in Hunaflói and Eyrarbakki and Stokkseyri. The layers contain typical coastal fauna with dog whelk (Nucella lapillus) and periwinkles most prominent.
References
Geology of Iceland
Iceland
Hareh (, also Romanized as Hāreh) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 163, in 51 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Do Dehak (, also Romanized as Dow Dehak, Dūdehak, and Dūdhak) is a village in Do Dehak Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 849 in families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
1912 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the ninth water polo championship in Hungary. There were two teams who played one match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1912 in water polo
1912 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
This article provides information on the under 16 premiership deciders of rugby league competitions held on the Central Coast of New South Wales, Australia. The Match Details sub-section details the individual point-scorers in a match, where known. In 1996 and all but one season since 2003, a second tier under 16 competition has also been held.
The current competition is conducted under the auspices of the Central Coast Division Junior Rugby League, an affiliate of NSW Country Rugby League and the New South Wales Rugby League.
A predecessor to the under 16 competition was D Grade, which was held from 1955 to 1966. When Group status was obtained in 1967, C and D Grade became Under 19 and Under 17. This was changed again the following year, 1968, to under 18 and under 16.
The junior body, or association, switched from weight-based divisions to age-based divisions in 1971, with under 15 the oldest.
In 1979, the youth competitions reverted to being under 19 and under 17. This changed again in 1983. The under 18 competition remained under the control of the senior body and continued to be played on Sundays prior to grade matches. The junior association took on the Under 16 competition, with matches played on Saturdays.
Division 1
Match Details
1968
WYONG 8 (Glen Vigor, Paul Merrick tries; David Drady goal) defeated ERINA 3 (Graham Quill try) at Sohier Park on Sunday, September 15, 1968.
1969
WOY WOY 13 (Terry Roberts 2, Peter Hall tries; Graham Eadie 2 goals) defeated GOSFORD 5 (Andrew Carlin try; Anthony Callaghan goal) on Sunday, September 21, 1969. Referee: Bill Kirwin.
1970s
1970
WYONG 14 (Chris Williams, Phil Jurd, Frank Sturgess, Ian Nelson tries; Col Peel goal) defeated GOSFORD 9 (L. Bourke try; Neil Jones 3 goals) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 20, 1970.
1971
GOSFORD 32 (Andrew Carlin 2, Mick Friend 2, Andrew Babekhul, Barry Weinert, Malcolm Brown, P. Needham tries; John Rankin, Barry Weinert 3 goals) defeated WYONG nil at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 26, 1971.
1972
OURIMBAH 14 (Peter Wilkins, Gary Sharpe, J. Maher tries; Mark Austin 2 goals and field goal) defeated THE ENTRANCE 11 (Jim Harvey 2, Peter Bean tries; Ken Hey goal) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 10, 1972.
1973
WOY WOY 9 (Ken Johnson 2, Harry Wheeler tries) defeated ERINA 6 (Greg Smith, Bill Wassens tries) in extra-time at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 16, 1973.
1974
THE ENTRANCE 4 (W. Kinsella try; unnamed field goal) defeated ERINA 3 (M. Hourigan try) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 29, 1974.
1975
The Grand Final was held at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 21, 1975. Erina and The Entrance were the competing teams. The result was not published in the Wyong Advocate and just one issue, Wednesday, September 23, of the then daily Central Coast Express survives on microfilm. Consequently, the result is unknown to the author.
1976
GOSFORD 12 (Alan Cochran, B. Lynch tries; Rodney Austine 3 goals) defeated WYONG 10 (Jeff Morton, Graham Cheal tries; Graham Cheal 2 goals) on Sunday, September 12, 1976.
1977
WYONG 13 (Tony Murray, Alan Cole, Brian Newman tries; Ian Thompson 2 goals) defeated ERINA 5 (Chris Bradbury try; B. Hickey goal) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 18, 1977.
1978
ERINA 13 (Max Wilkie, Paul Edwards, Glen Ritchie tries; Max Wilkie 2 goals) defeated WYONG 6 (Stephen Baker, Dennis Rose tries) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 17, 1978.
1980s
1983
WOY WOY 9 (Marc Matthews, Greg Melnik tries; Ken Fuller field goal) defeated TOUKLEY 6 (Darren Georgeston try; Richard Raymond goal) at Grahame Park on Saturday, August 27, 1983.
1984
WYONG 12 (two tries) defeated THE ENTRANCE 4 (one try) at Grahame Park on Saturday, August 25, 1984.
1985
TERRIGAL 16 (D. Bissaker 2, G. Bezrouchko tries; Billy Felton 2 goals) defeated TOUKLEY 12 (Matthew Thorne, S. Sbrugnera tries; B. Dixon 2 goals) at Grahame Park on August 24, 1985. Referee: B. Saunders.
1986
WYONG 30 (P. Sternbeck, Steven Carter, F. Brooks, Adam Aiken, Darren Akhurst, P. Maish tries; M. Hayes 2, P. Hughes goals) defeated GOSFORD nil at Grahame Park on Saturday, August 23, 1986. Referee: R. Saunders.
1987
WOY WOY 10 (D. Waterson, M. Winspear tries; A. Campbell goal) defeated TOUKLEY 4 (J. Biddle try) at Grahame Park on Saturday, August 29, 1987. Referee: B. Saunders.
1988
GOSFORD 18 (Shane Nelson 2, Kim Dawes, Troy Herbert tries; Troy Kent goal) defeated SAINT EDWARDS 8 (Andrew Burg, Julian Banningham tries) at Grahame Park on Saturday, August 27, 1988. Referee: B. Saunders.
1989
WOY WOY 16 (Jason Pilling, Danny Williams, Warren Staunton tries; Craig Makepeace 2 goals) defeated WYONG 6 (Mark Holstein try; Brett Vanagas goal) at Grahame Park on Saturday, August 26, 1989. Referee: B. Saunders.
1990s
1990
ERINA 8 (Brett McKay, Matthew Geercke tries) defeated OURIMBAH 6 (Chris James try; Graham Wilson goal) at Grahame Park on Saturday, August 25, 1990. Referee: B. Saunders.
1991
MUNMORAH 22 (D. Lewis 2, Mark Ivers, C. Patt tries; D. Lewis, S. Barwick goals) defeated UMINA 12 (B. Dugram, A. Bugden tries; S. Duffies 2 goals) in extra-time at Grahame Park on Saturday, August 31, 1991. Referee: R. Saunders.
1992
TERRIGAL-WAMBERAL 13 (Phil Coles, Glenn Morrison tries; Kelvin McDonald 2 goals; Glenn Morrison field goal) defeated BERKELEY VALE 10 (Michael Stewart, David Hourigan tries; Paul Stringer goals) at Grahame Park on Saturday, September 5, 1992. Referee: K. Menchin.
1993
TERRIGAL-WAMBERAL 20 (Michael Erickson, Matt Hunter, Shannon Hunter tries; Blake Mulherron 4 goals) defeated WYONG 12 (Dean Amos 2 tries; Dean Amos 2 goals) at Grahame Park on Saturday, September 4, 1993. Referee: R. Saunders.
1996
WYONG 28 (Michael Black 2, Gavin Fardy 2, Alex Starrett 2 tries; Lance Lloyd 2 goals) defeated THE ENTRANCE 12 (Gavin Westwood, Ryan O'Hara tries; Ryan O'Hara 2 goals) at Grahame Park on Saturday, August 24, 1996.
1997
ST EDWARDS 8 (Lee Brown try; Simon Thom 2 goals) defeated WOY WOY 4 (Daniel Biernat try) at Grahame Park on Saturday, September 6, 1997.
1998
WYONG 20 defeated UMINA 12 at Grahame Park on Saturday, September 12, 1998.
1999
KINCUMBER 12 defeated WYONG 10 on Sunday, September 12, 1999.
2000s
2000
THE ENTRANCE 36 defeated UMINA nil at North Power Stadium, Grahame Park on Saturday, August 19, 2000.
2001
KINCUMBER 18 defeated WYONG 12 on September 15, 2001.
2002
WYONG 24 (Chris Cole 2 , Raiff Lawson, Grant Millington Tries Chris Cole 4/4 Goals defeated ST EDW/OURIMBAH 20 James Maloney, David Sainty, Chris Trembath, Aiden Kirk tries James Maloney 2/4 Goals at Central Coast Express Advocate Stadium
2003
ERINA 27 (Blake Laybutt 3 and others tries) defeated BERKELEY VALE 20 at Central Coast Express Advocate Stadium, Grahame Park on Saturday, August 30, 2003.
2004
THE ENTRANCE 14 defeated TERRIGAL 12 at Central Coast Express Advocate Stadium, Grahame Park in September, 2004.
2005
KINCUMBER WHITE 36 (Mitchell Griffin 3 and others tries) defeated TOUKLEY 14 at Central Coast Stadium on September 11, 2005.
2006
THE ENTRANCE 11 defeated KINCUMBER WHITE 10 on Saturday, September 16, 2006.
2007
BERKELEY VALE 34 defeated WYONG 10 at Woy Woy Oval on Saturday, September 15, 2007.
2008
TERRIGAL 24 defeated WYONG 18 on September 6 or 7, 2008.
2009
WYONG 24 defeated 18 at Bluetongue Stadium, Grahame Park on Sunday, September 13, 2009.
2010s
2010
WYONG 16 defeated TERRIGAL-WAMBERAL 12 at Bluetongue Stadium, Grahame Park on Sunday, September 12, 2010.
2011
KINCUMBER 24 defeated WYONG GREEN 10 at Bluetongue Stadium, Grahame Park on Sunday, September 18, 2011.
2012
WYONG 16 defeated OURIMBAH 10 at Bluetongue Stadium, Grahame Park on Sunday, September 9, 2012.
2013
TOUKLEY BLUE 32 (Adam Keighran 2 tries, Luke Gearside Brock Taylor, Jakob Giles, Cameron Catania tries; Adam Keighran 4 goals) defeated WOY WOY RED 6 (Samuel Bovis try; Khaleb Tyson goal) at Bluetongue Stadium, Grahame Park on Sunday, September 15, 2013.
2014
KINCUMBER 26 defeated TOUKLEY 18 at Morrie Breen Oval on Sunday, September 14, 2014.
2015
THE ENTRANCE 40 defeated WYONG 4 at Central Coast Stadium, Grahame Park on Sunday, September 13, 2015.
Division 2
A second-tier Under 16 competition, Under 16-2s, has been held in 1996, between 2003 and 2012, and from 2014 to the present.
Match Details
1996
BUDGEWOI-BUFF POINT 34 (Wayne Nies 2, Beau Twyford, Matthew Frost, Cheyne Roberts tries; Justin White 5 goals) defeated KINCUMBER 6 (Brett Cowell try; Nathan Cunningham goal) at Grahame Park on Saturday, August 31, 1996.
2000s
2003
NORTHERN LAKES 32 defeated THE ENTRANCE 30 at Central Coast Express Advocate Stadium, Grahame Park on Saturday, August 30, 2003.
2004
THE ENTRANCE 12 defeated ST EDWARDS 10 at Central Coast Express Advocate Stadium, Grahame Park in September, 2004.
2005
ST EDWARDS 22 defeated GOSFORD-KARIONG 20 at Central Coast Stadium on September 11, 2005.
2006
BERKELEY VALE 12 defeated CENTRAL WYONG 10 on Saturday, September 16, 2006.
2007
BERKELEY VALE 54 defeated GOSFORD-KARIONG 4 at Woy Woy Oval on Saturday, September 15, 2007.
2008
WYONG 32 defeated BUDGEWOI-BUFF POINT 14 on September 6 or 7, 2008.
2009
BUDGEWOI-BUFF POINT 22 defeated UMINA 18 on September 12 or 13, 2009.
2010s
2010
BUDGEWOI-BUFF POINT 22 defeated GOSFORD-KARIONG 10 on September 11 or 12, 2010.
2011
ERINA 52 defeated BLUE HAVEN 10 at Morrie Breen Oval on Saturday, September 17, 2011.
2012
TOUKLEY 34 defeated TERRIGAL-WAMBERAL 24 at Morrie Breen on Sunday, September 8, 2012.
2014
BUDGEWOI-BUFF POINT 30 defeated GOSFORD-KARIONG 24 at Morrie Breen on Sunday, September 14, 2014.
2015
KINCUMBER 24 defeated WYONG 16 at Central Coast Stadium, Grahame Park on Sunday, September 13, 2015.
2016
TOUKLEY 24 defeated WYONG 16 at Central Coast Stadium, Grahame Park on Sunday, September 11, 2016. Barry Deaker; son of Garry Deaker (former Wyong and London halfback) featured for Toukley off the bench. Ritesh Joggers was trainer for Toukley that day and is credited by the Toukley team as being instrumental in their performance, delivering the team with an inspiring half time talk.
References
Sources
Microfilm of the following newspapers are available at the State Library of New South Wales and Central Coast Council libraries at Gosford and Wyong. The RAV numbers provided are those used by the State Library.
Central Coast Express (RAV 61)
Wyong and Lakes District Advocate (RAV 178)
Wyong Shire Advocate (RAV 824)
Erina Rugby League Football Club
Woy Woy Roosters
Fox Sports Pulse
The following books are available at the Tuggerah Branch of the Central Coast Council Libraries
C
Australian rugby league lists
Rugby League
Grand finals
A Swap Execution Facility (SEF) (sometimes Swaps Execution Facility) is a platform for financial swap trading that provides pre-trade information (i.e. bid and offer prices) and a mechanism for executing swap transactions among eligible participants.
Swap Execution Facilities are regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. The regulated trading of certain swaps is a result of requirements in the United States by the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (in particular Title VII). Financial swaps have traditionally been traded in over-the-counter (OTC) markets. However, regulatory changes have driven reporting, clearing, and settlement functions to SEFs, which are much more tightly regulated. The SEF-execution mandate responds to one of the four derivatives-related European Union, have proposed similar changes in swap market structure but none have yet been adopted.
As of October 2, 2013, any swap listed by a SEF may be traded by the parties on the SEF, but may also be traded off-SEF in any other lawful manner. The swaps that must be traded on SEFs are both subject to a CFTC-centralized clearing mandate and have been determined to be "made available to trade" (MAT) by at least one SEF. Four categories of interest rate swaps and two categories of credit default swaps are currently subject to clearing mandates.
Regulation
The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is responsible for regulating dealing and trading in security-based swaps, such as many equity swaps and credit default swaps. Proposed rules for security-based Swap Execution Facilities (SB-SEFs) have been pending since 2011.
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) is responsible for regulating the dealing and trading of a much wider range of over-the-counter derivatives, including interest-rate swaps, commodity-linked swaps and certain FX, credit default swaps, and equity swaps. CFTC Commissioner Bart Chilton suggested that the primary benefits will be greater transparency, improved price formation, and better regulatory compliance. The CFTC's final SEF rules went into effect in August 2013 and the first SEFs began operating in October 2013. Previously operating swap trading platforms with multiple-to-multiple trading capability within the regulatory definition of "swap execution facility" could no longer operate legally without registering with the CFTC. The SEF launch on October 2, 2013, was facilitated by a CFTC guidance letter and several conditional and time-limited grants of relief from enforcement against non-compliance with certain technical elements. However, the CFTC in its no-action letters did not grant relief for SEFs from the October 2, 2013 deadline requiring swap trading venues to register. The CFTC regulations further require SEF's to report certain data arising from the execution of a swap to a swap data repository either for real-time public dissemination or confidential regulatory use. Regulations require that if a swap is executed on a SEF, the SEF must provide written confirmation of the terms to each counterparty. After the CFTC certified Javelin Capital Markets SEF's Made Available to Trade (MAT) Submission on January 16, 2014, certain swaps were required to trade on SEFs as of February 15, 2014.
Entities in the swaps industry
Established entities
TrueEX Group
ICAP (company)
360 Trading Networks
Bloomberg L.P.
BGC Partners
CME Group
LCH.Clearnet
Eris Exchange
Eurex
FX Alliance Inc. (FXall) (NYSE: FX) engaged with National Futures Association to perform regulatory services
GFI Group engaged with National Futures Association to perform regulatory services
GTX SEF
ICE Intercontinental Exchange Creditex
IDC International Derivatives Clearinghouse
Javelin Capital Markets
LatAm SEF
MarketAxess Holdings engaged with National Futures Association to perform regulatory services
Nodal Exchange
Clear Markets
Parity Energy
SwapEx State Street Corporation
TeraExchange
Thomson Reuters
Tradeweb Tradeweb Thomson Financial
Tradition
Trumarx
Tullett Prebon
SuperDerivatives
Many of the foregoing entities, directly or through affiliates, have pending or temporarily approved SEF registrations with the CFTC. SEFs with temporary registrations may operate for up to two years while the CFTC completes a full review of the SEF's application on Form SEF.
Emerging entities
Note: above established entities section is for firms that had significant swaps business ahead of the sweeping regulatory reform. The following list is oriented to newer entrants (emerging after the Dodd-Frank Act), representing less established participants. As such this section will necessarily be more illustrative than fully up to date, and likely somewhat transitory.
Broadway Technology
Cleartrade Exchange
ClearingandSettlement.com
DerivaTrust
eDeriv
First Derivatives
Integral Development Corp.
trueEX LLC
AEGIS SEF
See also
Central counterparty clearing
Clearing house (finance)
Swap (finance)
International Swaps and Derivatives Association
Credit derivatives
Credit default swap
Currency swap
Forex swap
Interest rate swap
Energy derivative
Multilateral trading facility
References
External links
Understanding Derivatives: Markets and Infrastructure - Chapter 3, Over-the-Counter (OTC) Derivatives Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, Financial Markets Group
ISDA - International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
Sample ISDA Master Agreements
Sample ISDA Credit Derivatives Template
Role of Swap Execution Facilities (SEFs) in Derivatives Trade Execution, Clearing and Reporting
Self-regulatory organizations
Derivatives (finance)
Securities clearing and depository institutions
Swaps (finance)
AUTOEXEC.BAT is a system file that was originally on DOS-type operating systems. It is a plain-text batch file in the root directory of the boot device. The name of the file is an abbreviation of "automatic execution", which describes its function in automatically executing commands on system startup; the filename was coined in response to the 8.3 filename limitations of the FAT file system family.
Usage
AUTOEXEC.BAT is read upon startup by all versions of DOS, including MS-DOS version 7.x as used in Windows 95 and Windows 98. Windows ME only parses environment variables as part of its attempts to reduce legacy dependencies, but this can be worked around.
The filename was also used by (DCP), an MS-DOS derivative by the former East-German VEB Robotron.
In Korean versions of MS-DOS/PC DOS 4.01 and higher (except for PC DOS 7 and 2000), if the current country code is set to 82 (for Korea) and no /P:filename is given and no default AUTOEXEC.BAT is found, COMMAND.COM will look for a file named KAUTOEXE.BAT instead in order to ensure that the DBCS frontend drivers will be loaded even without properly set up CONFIG.SYS and AUTOEXEC.BAT files.
Under DOS, the file is executed by the primary copy of the command-line processor (typically COMMAND.COM) once the operating system has booted and the CONFIG.SYS file processing has finished. While DOS by itself provides no means to pass batch file parameters to COMMAND.COM for AUTOEXEC.BAT processing, the alternative command-line processor 4DOS supports a 4DOS.INI AutoExecParams directive and //AutoExecParams= startup option to define such parameters. Under Concurrent DOS, Multiuser DOS and REAL/32, three initial parameters will be passed to either the corresponding STARTxxy.BAT (if it exists) or the generic AUTOEXEC.BAT startup file, %1 holds the virtual console number, %2 the 2-digit terminal number (xx) (with 00 being the main console) and %3 the 1-digit session number (y).
Windows NT and its descendants Windows XP and Windows Vista parse AUTOEXEC.BAT when a user logs on. As with Windows ME, anything other than setting environment variables is ignored. Unlike CONFIG.SYS, the commands in AUTOEXEC.BAT can be entered at the interactive command line interpreter. They are just standard commands that the computer operator wants to be executed automatically whenever the computer is started, and can include other batch files.
AUTOEXEC.BAT is most often used to set environment variables such as keyboard, soundcard, printer, and temporary file locations. It is also used to initiate low level system utilities, such as the following:
Virus scanners
Disk caching software
Mouse drivers
Keyboard drivers
CD drivers
Miscellaneous other drivers
Example
In early versions of DOS, AUTOEXEC.BAT was by default very simple. The DATE and TIME commands were necessary as early PC and XT class machines did not have a battery backed-up real-time clock as default.
@ECHO OFF
CLS
DATE
TIME
VER
In non-US environments, the keyboard driver (like KEYB FR for the French keyboard) was also included. Later versions were often much expanded with numerous third-party device drivers. The following is a basic DOS 5 type AUTOEXEC.BAT configuration, consisting only of essential commands:
@ECHO OFF
PROMPT $P$G
PATH C:\DOS;C:\WINDOWS
SET TEMP=C:\TEMP
SET BLASTER=A220 I7 D1 T2
LH SMARTDRV.EXE
LH DOSKEY
LH MOUSE.COM /Y
This configuration sets common environment variables, loads a disk cache, places common directories into the default PATH, and initializes the DOS mouse / keyboard drivers. The PROMPT command sets the prompt to "C:\>" (when the working directory is the root of the C drive) instead of simply "C>" (the default prompt, indicating only the working drive and not the directory therein).
In general, device drivers were loaded in CONFIG.SYS, and programs were loaded in the AUTOEXEC.BAT file. Some devices, such as mice, could be loaded either as a device driver in CONFIG.SYS, or as a TSR in AUTOEXEC.BAT, depending upon the manufacturer.
In MS-DOS 6.0 and higher, a DOS boot menu is configurable. This can be of great help to users who wish to have optimized boot configurations for various programs, such as DOS games and Windows.
@ECHO OFF
PROMPT $P$G
PATH C:\DOS;C:\WINDOWS
SET TEMP=C:\TEMP
SET BLASTER=A220 I7 D1 T2
GOTO %CONFIG%
:WIN
LH SMARTDRV.EXE
LH MOUSE.COM /Y
WIN
GOTO END
:XMS
LH SMARTDRV.EXE
LH DOSKEY
GOTO END
:END
The GOTO %CONFIG% line informs DOS to look up menu entries that were defined within CONFIG.SYS. Then, these profiles are named here and configured with the desired specific drivers and utilities. At the desired end of each specific configuration, a GOTO command redirects DOS to the :END section. Lines after :END will be used by all profiles.
Dual-booting DOS and Windows 9x
When installing Windows 95 over a preexisting DOS/Windows install, CONFIG.SYS and AUTOEXEC.BAT are renamed to CONFIG.DOS and AUTOEXEC.DOS. This is intended to ease dual booting between Windows 9x and DOS. When booting into DOS, they are temporarily renamed CONFIG.SYS and AUTOEXEC.BAT. Backups of the Windows 9x versions are made as .W40 files.
Windows 9x also installs MSDOS.SYS, a configuration file, which will not boot Windows 95/98 if parameterBOOTGUI=0 is loaded, and instead a DOS prompt will appear on the screen (Windows can still be loaded by calling the WIN command (file WIN.COM). This file contains some switches that designate how the system will boot, one of which controls whether or not the system automatically goes into Windows. This "BootGUI" option must be set to "0" in order to boot to a DOS prompt. By doing this, the system's operation essentially becomes that of a DOS/Windows pairing like with earlier Windows versions. Windows can be started as desired by typing WIN at the DOS prompt.
When installing Caldera DR-DOS 7.02 and higher, the Windows version retains the name AUTOEXEC.BAT, while the file used by the DR-DOS COMMAND.COM is named AUTODOS7.BAT, referred to by the startup parameter /P:filename.ext in the SHELL directive. It also differentiates the CONFIG.SYS file by using the name DCONFIG.SYS.
OS/2
The equivalent to AUTOEXEC.BAT under OS/2 is the OS/2 STARTUP.CMD file, however, genuine DOS sessions booted under OS/2 continue to use AUTOEXEC.BAT.
Windows NT
On Windows NT and its derivatives, Windows 2000, Windows Server 2003 and Windows XP, the equivalent file is called AUTOEXEC.NT and is located in the %SystemRoot%\system32 directory. The file is not used during the operating system boot process; it is executed when the MS-DOS environment is started, which occurs when a DOS application is loaded.
The AUTOEXEC.BAT file may often be found on Windows NT in the root directory of the boot drive. Windows only considers the SET and PATH statements which it contains, in order to define environment variables global to all users. Setting environment variables through this file may be interesting if for example MS-DOS is also booted from this drive (this requires that the drive be FAT-formatted) or to keep the variables across a reinstallation. This is an exotic usage today so the file usually remains empty. The Tweak UI applet from the Microsoft PowerToys collection allows controlling this feature (Parse AUTOEXEC.BAT at logon).
See also
COMMAND.COM
IBMBIO.COM / IO.SYS
IBMDOS.COM / MSDOS.SYS
SHELL (CONFIG.SYS directive)
CONFIG.SYS
AUTORUN.INF
References
DOS files
Configuration files
MSX-DOS
The Journal of Youth Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering youth studies. It was established in 1998 and is published ten times per year by Taylor & Francis. The editors-in-chief are Robert MacDonald (Monash University), Tracy Shildrick (Newcastle University), and Dan Woodman (University of Melbourne). According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2017 impact factor of 1.724, ranking it 26th out of 98 journals in the category "Social Sciences, Interdisciplinary".
References
External links
Publications established in 1998
Taylor & Francis academic journals
English-language journals
Adolescence journals
10 times per year journals
Nikolayevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 111 as of 2002. There are 5 streets.
Geography
Nikolayevskaya is located 3 km southwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Tarnogsky Gorodok is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The men's 50m freestyle events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships were held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12–18 June.
Medalists
Results
S1
Final
Four swimmers from three nations took part.
S2
S3
S4
S5
S14
Heats
10 swimmers from five nations took part. The swimmers with the top eight times, regardless of heat, advanced to the final.
Final
The final was held on 12 June 2022.
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
Yarcombe is a village and civil parish in the county of Devon, England, situated in the East Devon administrative district on the A30 road near the towns of Honiton and Chard. It is sited in the steep rolling meadows and ancient woods of the Yarty Valley on the south edge of the Blackdown Hills, an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. The population according to the 2011 census was 500.
The small village centre has a Norman church, dedicated to St John the Baptist, an old inn with monastical roots, a hotel, a bed and breakfast and a cluster of houses, but there are also many outlying farms and hamlets which make Yarcombe a large parish.
Yarcombe is a working village, and farming and agricultural support services are important sources of employment. There are other small businesses in the community, such as accommodation and catering, building and joinery, motor services, furniture making, and rural crafts. The village has a village hall and an active community life, including traditions such as pig and terrier racing, barrel rolling and metal ball throwing. The East Devon Sheepdog Trials have been held in Yarcombe for several years, in July.
Earl (later King) Harold briefly owned the manor in the village, prior to their demise at the Battle of Hastings. In Elizabethan times ownership of the manor passed to Francis Drake. Today one of their descendants remains squire of Yarcombe. In the Hundred Years War money was sent from Yarcombe by its French owner to the armies of France, to help them fight the English.
Yarcombe village is located close to the Devon/Somerset border and not far from West Dorset. The nearest small towns are Chard (6 miles) and Honiton (8 miles). Nearby are the coastal resorts of Lyme Regis, Seaton, Sidmouth, Budleigh Salterton and Exmouth. Larger towns further afield include Taunton (12 miles to the north), Exeter and Yeovil (around 25 miles west and east respectively).
Yarcombe won the Devon Village of the Year competition in 2005 and then at the West of England finals finished top of the Business of the Year category for the region.
References
External links
Genuki
Listed buildings in Yarcombe
Civil parishes in Devon
Villages in Devon
East Devon District
Former manors in Devon
Live at Bradley's II (subtitled The Perfect Set) is a live album by pianist Kenny Barron recorded in New York in 1996 and first released on the French Universal label in 2005 then on Sunnyside Records in the United States.
Reception
In the review on Allmusic, Scott Yanow noted " the trio's close interplay and ability to think as one" and said "The results are easily recommended". On All About Jazz Tom Greenland wrote "The Perfect Set: Live at Bradley's II captures three masterful musicians and one enthusiastic audience in mutual jazz worship" while Ollie Bivens said "These marvelous sixty minutes of music are like listening to an intimate conversation among long-time friends who are totally respectful of one another's views. This performance was indeed a "perfect set" and a showcase for true "smooth jazz.""
Track listing
House Introductions – 0:32
"You Don't Know What Love Is" (Gene de Paul, Don Raye) – 15:16
"The Only One" (Kenny Barron) – 12:51
"Twilight Song" (Barron) – 11:00
"Shuffle Boil" (Thelonious Monk) – 6:23
"Well, You Needn't" (Monk) – 14:05
Personnel
Kenny Barron – piano
Ray Drummond – double bass
Ben Riley – drums
John Moore – MC
References
Kenny Barron live albums
2005 live albums
Universal Records live albums
Sunnyside Records live albums
The rufous-browed tyrannulet (Phylloscartes superciliaris) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae.
It is found in Talamancan montane forests as well as isolated mountainous areas of Colombia and the Serranía del Perijá (Venezuela). Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
rufous-browed tyrannulet
Birds of the Talamancan montane forests
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta
Birds of the Serranía del Perijá
rufous-browed tyrannulet
rufous-browed tyrannulet
rufous-browed tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Cofrin Memorial Arboretum 290 acres (120 hectares) surrounds the University of Wisconsin–Green Bay campus in Green Bay, Wisconsin, United States. Its six miles (10 km) of trails are open to the public.
Today's Arboretum began in 1971, when a long-range campus plan was drawn up, recommending the creation of a park-like arboretum and trail system. In 1975, a major contribution in honor of John and Austin Cofrin enabled development of the trails, additional property, and improvements in the botanical plantings. At present the Arboretum contains the following areas:
Keith White Prairie 8.5 acres (3.4) maintained through prescribed burns. Grasses include big bluestem, Indian grass, and switch grass. Flower species include yellow cone flower, prairie dock, lupin, black-eyed Susan, spiderwort, and false indigo.
Mahon Woods a remnant of the indigenous forests, with 59 species of trees and shrubs including oaks (Quercus alba, Quercus rubra), sugar maple (Acer saccharum), and white pines (Pinus strobus). Other species include trillium (Trillium grandiflorum), trout lilies (Erythronium americanum, Erythronium albidum), violets (Viola sororia, Viola pubescens), and toothworts (Dentaria laciniata, Dentaria diphylla).
Niagara Escarpment white cedar trees.
Northern Barrens An artificially developed sandy habitat for plant species that cannot flourish in the clay soils of the campus.
Oak Savanna scattered oak trees within fields of grasses and herbs.
Paul Sager Tract 20 acres (8 hectares) including small natural springs, 2 ponds, and associated wetlands.
Succession Plots 13 experimental plots ranging in age from 2 to 17 years of natural succession. At present, its plants include, in rough order of succession: lamb's quarters (Chenopodium album), ragweed (Ambrosia artemisiifolia), foxtail grass (Setaria glauca), bluegrass (Poa pratensis), quackgrass (Agropyron repens), smooth brome (Bromus inermis), goldenrods (Solidago canadensis, Solidago graminifolia) asters (Aster novae-angliae, Aster ericoides), box elder (Acer negundo), cottonwood (Populus deltoides), quaking aspen (Populus tremuloides), sugar maple (Acer saccharum), American beech (Fagus grandifolia), eastern hemlock (Tsuga canadensis) and yellow birch (Betula alleghaniensis).
See also
List of botanical gardens and arboretums in Wisconsin
References
External links
The Colfrin Center For Biodiversity - University of Wisconsin–Green Bay
Arboreta in Wisconsin
Botanical gardens in Wisconsin
Culture of Green Bay, Wisconsin
Protected areas of Brown County, Wisconsin
Tashtego Point () is a rocky point marking the east end of the ridge at the south side of Stubb Glacier, on the east coast of Graham Land in Antarctica. Surveyed and photographed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1947. Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) after Tashtego, the Wampanoag harpooner on the Pequod in Herman Melville's Moby-Dick.
Further reading
Defense Mapping Agency 1992, Sailing Directions (planning Guide) and (enroute) for Antarctica, P 276
References
External links
Tashtego Point on USGS website
Tashtego Point on AADC website
Tashtego Point on SCAR website
Tashtego Point on marineregions.org
Tashtego Point area map
Headlands of Graham Land
Oscar II Coast
Moby-Dick
Wampanoag tribe
Whaling
Herman Melville
Aquinnah, Massachusetts
The Yemen Observer () is an English-language, Tri-weekly newspaper published in the Republic of Yemen. It was founded in 1996 by Faris Sanabani, aide and press secretary of then Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh. Its editors include Editor-in-Chief Abdulaziz Oudha, Yemen Observer'''s feature writers are Abdulaziz Oudha, Faisal Darem. Since 1996, the Yemen Observer Publishing House has diversified dramatically from a single bi-weekly newspaper to a five-armed media institution, publishing both in English and in Arabic: Yemen Today. Yemen Today, Arabia Felix, Sports, and Spectrum are examples for the company's fast and successful expansion.
Today, it has become the first English-speaking publishing house of the country, actively supporting Yemen in its socio-economic transition.
It also launched magazine Yemen Today is the most dynamic branch of the Publishing House, promoting investment and tourism in Yemen, a country which has promising potential in this field.
2006 cartoon thumbnails and blasphemy trial
On 4 February 2006, the Yemen Observer published two articles on Muslim reactions to the Danish cartoons depicting Muhammad. The articles were accompanied by photographs showing 20-30,000 Yemeni women demonstrating against the cartoons, and empty shelves in a Sanaá supermarket with a sign informing customers that Danish products had been withdrawn. Also included were crossed-out thumbnail images of three of the Danish cartoons.
On 11 February 2006, former chief editor Mohammed Al-Asadi was arrested on charges of offending Islam. They were released on bail on 22 February 2006. In a trial that began on 23 February 2006, prosecution lawyers called for al-Asadi to be sentenced to death, for the paper to be closed and for all of its assets to be confiscated. Al-Asadi denied all charges and their defence team argued that the thumbnail images were accompanied by articles that condemned the cartoons and reported reactions from across the Islamic world. The prosecution claimed that the charges rested on the pictures alone, and that the accompanying articles should not be taken into account. After their release, Al-Asadi founded the Yemen Mirror.
During the trial and for nearly six months afterward, the Yemen Observer had its license to publish suspended by Yemen's Ministry of Information, but its staff continued to produce material and publish it on the paper's website.
Yemen's Youth Revolution
The outbreak of the Youth Revolution in Yemen on 3 February 2011 affected the Yemen Observer, too. Particularly critical articles on the policy of Ali Abdullah Saleh and the often violent and brutal crackdowns on unarmed demonstrators brought trouble to the journalists.
External links
Yemen Observer official website(Outdated link)
Yemen Today official website(Outdated link)
Call to reinstate papers closed in cartoon row – by Brian Whitaker, Guardian Unlimited, 11 February 2006
Yemen Journalists Fight Cartoon Crackdown – by Nabil Sultan, Inter Press Service, 22 February 2006
Yemen editor 'faces death calls' – a BBC News report, 8 March 2006
Lawyers Demand Capital Penalty for Al-Asadi and Observer Close – a Yemen Observer'' report, 8 March 2006
1996 establishments in Yemen
Newspapers established in 1996
English-language newspapers published in Arab countries
Defunct newspapers published in Yemen
Banned newspapers
The white-bellied pitohui (Pseudorectes incertus) is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae.
It is found throughout the lowlands of southern New Guinea (Lorentz River to upper Fly River.
Taxonomy and systematics
The white-bellied pitohui was originally described in the genus Pitohui until moved to Pseudorectes by the IOC in 2013. Alternatively, some other authorities classify the white-bellied pitohui in the genus Colluricincla. Alternate names for the white-bellied pitohui include the brown pitohui, mottle-breasted pitohui, mottled pitohui and white-bellied shrike-thrush.
Distribution and habitat
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
white-bellied pitohui
white-bellied pitohui
white-bellied pitohui
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
SystemX is a French Institute for Technological Research (IRT) established February 1, 2012, in the framework of the “Investment for the Future” program that was set up to support French Innovation.
A total of 8 IRTs have been created by the government. The only IRT in the Île-de-France region is dedicated to the digital engineering of complex systems.
The institute includes 100 to 250 researchers, of which 50 were hired by SystemX. The annual budget is € 30M. Legally, it is a Scientific Research Foundation. Its head office is in Nano-Innov with other offices in Inria and Paris.
Strategy
SystemX's functioning lies on two fundamental aspects:
The Institute gathers all the partners involved in its projects in one location. The idea is to foster synergies between academic and industrial communities;
Skill and platform pooling: by reaching a critical mass, SystemX plans to create a platform by pooling skills and technological elements.
Management
Chief Executive Officer: Paul Labrogère
Research and Technology Director: Bruno Foyer
Scientific Director: Patrice Aknin
R&D projects and training
SystemX focuses on four priority sectors:
Energy
Transport and mobility
Telecommunications
Security and defense
More precisely, the Institute researches seven themes, each split into two streams:
Systems of systems: energy management, multimodal transport, security, and multimedia
Technologies and tools for digital engineering: embedded systems, high-performance computing, cloud computing and networks, simulation and conception tools.
SystemX is interested in academic-industrial relationships concerning the “systems, modelization, complexity” challenges - at the bachelor, master, and Ph.D. levels.
Saclay ecosystem
Thanks to its location on the Saclay plateau, host to the future Paris-Saclay University, SystemX benefits from Systematic Paris-Region competitiveness cluster and the Paris-Saclay Campus' dynamics – ranked among the world's top 8 world innovation clusters by MIT Technology Review.
History
February 21, 2013: SystemX's official inauguration
October 31, 2012: Convention signing with ANR (Agence Nationale de la Recherche), the French National Research Agency.
February 1, 2012: Labelling announcement as part of the “Great Loan” (Grand Emprunt) in the framework of the “Investment for the Future” program).
References
Les instituts de recherche technologique (IRT), campus d'innovation
External links
Research institutes in France
Paris-Saclay
Petar Atanasov Petrov (; born 20 February 1961) is a Bulgarian former footballer who played as a left back.
Club career
Born in Virovsko, Petrov started playing for PFC Levski Sofia. During their spell with the club – renamed Vitosha Sofia in 1985 – they were first-choice in seven of nine seasons, winning three national championships and two Bulgarian Cups; they scored a career-best five goals in 29 games in 1984–85.
Petrov was allowed to leave the Iron Curtain nation in 1989, at the age of 28, and signed with Portuguese team S.C. Beira-Mar. After four years, always in the Primeira Liga, they returned to their homeland and joined PFC Beroe Stara Zagora, retiring subsequently.
International career
Petrov gained 47 caps for Bulgaria in six years. They were part of the squad that competed at the 1986 FIFA World Cup, They didn't play in the opening game against Italy (1-1) but played in all the other matches for Bulgaria.
References
External links
Levski Sofia profile
1961 births
Living people
Bulgarian footballers
Association football defenders
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
PFC Levski Sofia players
PFC Beroe Stara Zagora players
Primeira Liga players
S.C. Beira-Mar players
Bulgaria international footballers
1986 FIFA World Cup players
Bulgarian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Bulgarian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Pallavaram–Thuraipakkam Radial Road (State Highways 109) is an arterial road in Chennai connecting Grand Southern Trunk Road in Pallavaram with Rajiv Gandhi Salai in Thuraipakkam. The road was constructed by State Highways in 2000. Construction of Road divides Pallavaram Eri on the other side of the road. Now Lake is available only on the Northern Side of the Road.
Pallavaram Flyover connects this arterial road with GST Road. The road connects Pallavaram, Pammal, Pozhichalur, Tirusulam and Meenambakkam with Rajiv Gandhi Salai (OMR) and East Coast Road (ECR). This arterial road also makes the transit easier between eastern neighborhoods in Chennai City like Thuraipakkam, Shozhinganallur and Western neighborhoods in Chennai City like Thiruneermalai, Kundrathur and Poonamallee.
The road features important junctions:
Echangadu Junction is a four way junction which Medavakkam, Perumbakkam and Nanmangalam on the south and Keelkattalai, Madipakkam and Puzhuthivakkam on the north. It intersects with Medavakkam Main Road.
Pallikaranai Junction connects the road with Velachery and Taramani.
Developments
The road is proposed for expansion into a six-lane highway.
Pallavaram–Thuraipakkam Radial Road is proposed to get a bus rapid transit system.
Construction of Keelkattalai Flyover to ease the traffic in the echangadu signal junction.
Reference
Roads in Chennai
Lawrence or Larry Knox may refer to:
Lawrence E. Knox (1836–1873), British Army officer and founder of The Irish Times
Lawrence H. Knox (1908–1964), African-American chemist
Larry Knox, List of DC Comics characters: L
Sudhir Memorial Institute Tamluk (SMI Tamluk) is an English Medium School in Tamluk, Purba Medinipur, West Bengal, India. It is a franchisee school under Sudhir Memorial Institute Group of Institutions (SMI) which has many other branches located in various parts of West Bengal and also working on expanding it's chain in the coming time. Sudhir Memorial Institute Tamluk (SMI Tamluk) is affiliated with CBSE. The school is accredited by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), currently the largest educational board in the country of India. It is recognized by the Department of Education, the government of NCTE Delhi and the Ministry of HRD, Government of India.
It is the only English-Medium Private School in Purba Medinipur that participates in Republic Day celebration held on 26 January at the Tamluk Stadium.
The school is a higher secondary school, from Toddlers to class 12
History
The school was founded in 2012. Beginning in 2012, today Sudhir Memorial Institute (S.M.I) has become a premier English Medium School in Purba Medinipur. This Co-educational school is located amidst the nature and supported 300 students , 40 qualified , experienced and trained teachers as well as 15 non- teaching Staff with all modern amenities like Library , Laboratories , Playground , School Bus and premier coaching classes on WBJEE (MAIN and ADV), IIT, MEDICAL (NEET), PMT at easy affordable price . It has got the best teacher award in 2017 by UEM & IEM and again in 2018
S.M.I provide a platform for all students to grow morally, intellectually, physically and socially by forming the habits of basic virtues like honesty, hard work and dedication. Students are encouraged to share with experts, the experience of happening, discovering the truth, and disproving long-standing misconceptions of this ever-changing wondrous world.
This institution was founded society with a vision to impart education in a process where, apart from academic and non – academic activities, cultural and aesthetic values are also cultivated among the students. This procedure forms a complete “BharatiyaSiksha” which has always commanded the respect of the world.
This is the one and only organization where all the students and parents are treated with special care.
It has a special care unit for the special children with students counselling facility by Psychologists. It has smart classes for the development of slow learners.
Career Counselling , DMIT Test & Mid Brain Activation Also Done Here
Extra-curricular activities
Music
Dance
Drawing
SUPW
Karate
References
Schools in Purba Medinipur district
Educational institutions established in 2012
2012 establishments in West Bengal
Trocabrahma is a music and visual art cultural exchange programme produced annually by Brahma beer. It began in 2006 with a group of UK musicians visiting Brazil to collaborate with Brazilian musicians. Trocabrahma took place again in 2007 with a different group musicians. In addition to music and art exchanges, Trocabrahma also has a street art project, online community and podcast series.
Concept
Trocabrahma is called a "culture jam" by its organisers. It is a venture sponsored by which involves international exchange between musicians and artists from the UK and Brazil. The music exchanges take place in São Paulo. The musicians meet and collaborate for one week in Brazil and then meet again in the UK to showcase their new material in a series of concerts in London, Liverpool and Glasgow. Many of the musicians involved have never before visited each other's countries.
The street art collaboration involves graffiti artists from the UK working with a Brazilian street artist. Similar to the musicians, the artists meet in the UK and improvise around themes associated with the project.
Trocabrahma is an example of viral marketing and encourages an online community to interact with the exchange programme through a blog and community profiles.
Trocabrahma 2007
In 2007, Trocabrahma took the following group of UK musicians to São Paulo, Brazil: JD Twitch from the nightclub Optimo, Ben Westbeech, King Creosote, Gruff Rhys from the group Super Furry Animals, Four Tet, Radioclit and Amanda Blank. Although the latter two acts are included as UK musicians the production duo Radioclit consist of one Swedish member and one French member and Amanda Blank is from the United States.
The Brazilian musicians who collaborated with the UK artists are: Os Mutantes, Tita Lima, Rômulo Fróes, Tony Da Gatorra, Open Field Church and Bonde Do Rolê.
The street art collaboration took place between Brazilian artist Speto and three UK-based street artists, Aztec from London, Sam Skinner from Liverpool and As One from Glasgow.
The music exchanges took place in São Paulo in May and June 2007. The art exchange occurred in the UK in July 2007.
At the end of July 2007 a series of musical concerts were staged in London, Liverpool and Glasgow to showcase the new work created by the musicians during the exchange.
Podcast
The 2007 Trocabrahma Podcast series documents the exchanges and includes live music recordings from the concert series. Photographs are included in the enhanced podcast version of the series and also present on the project's Flickr profile.
The series is hosted by DJ and producer Diplo and in addition to the musicians and artists who collaborated as part of Trocabrahma 2007, includes contributions from Gilles Peterson, who presented the 2006 podcast series called "Gilles Peterson in Brazil", CSS, Echo & the Bunnymen, Ladytron, The Bees, The Zutons, Joe Davis from Far Out Recordings, Zeep, and a variety of other, lesser-known musicians and artists.
The podcast was produced by Inner Ear and was nominated in the best podcast category 2008 BT Digital Music Awards.
See also
Music podcast
References
External links
Trocabrahma blog
Arts festivals in Brazil
Cultural exchange
Cultural promotion organizations
Music festivals in Brazil
Music podcasts
Festivals in São Paulo
Jeanette Brandstrup Knudsen (born November 21, 1967) is a Danish sprint canoer and marathon canoeist who competed from the late 1980s to the early 1990s. They competed in two Summer Olympics, earning their best finish of seventh in the K-4 500 m event at Seoul in 1988.
Them sister, Yvonne, won two medals in the K-1 500 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver in 1990 and a bronze in 1986. Yvonne also competed in the same two Summer Olympics as Jeanette.
References
Sports-Reference.com
1967 births
Living people
Danish female canoeists
Olympic canoeists of Denmark
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Romance of Paris (French: Romance de Paris) is a 1941 French musical film directed by Jean Boyer and starring Charles Trenet, Jean Tissier and Yvette Lebon. The film was shot at the Francoeur Studios in Paris. It was produced and distributed by Pathé.
Synopsis
Georges Gauthier is the son of a singer who made their mother unhappy and then abandoned them. Because of this they raise them away from the world of entertainment, but it is their blood and them performs in the cafes of Paris in the evenings under an assumed name. They keep this a secret from both their mother and their fiancee.
Cast
Charles Trenet as Georges Gauthier
Jean Tissier as Jules
Yvette Lebon as Jeannette
Sylvie as Madame Gauthier
Jacqueline Porel as Madeleine
Germaine Lix as Madame Lourmel
Robert Le Vigan as Monsieur Lormel
Fred Pasquali as Nicolas, l'imprésario
Maurice Teynac as Maurice
Albert Broquin as Le régisseur
André Alerme as Cartier, le directeur
Georges Bever as L'accordéoniste
Raymond Bussières as Un joueur
Léonce Corne as Le garçon
References
Bibliography
Bertin-Maghit, Jean Pierre. Le cinéma français sous Vichy: les films français de 1940 à 1944. Revue du Cinéma Albatros, 1980.
Burch, Noël & Sellier, Geneviève. The Battle of the Sexes in French Cinema, 1930–1956. Duke University Press, 2013.
Ratković, Milan. Bouquinistes of Paris. L'AGE D'HOMME, 2000.
External links
1941 films
1940s French-language films
1941 musical films
French musical films
Films directed by Jean Boyer
Pathé films
Films set in Paris
Films shot at Francoeur Studios
1940s French films
Thomas Costelloe (born 1931) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for club side Duagh and at inter-county level with the Kerry senior football team.
Career
Costelloe first came to prominence as a Gaelic footballer with the Duagh club. After making a number of National League appearances for the Kerry senior football team, they won an All-Ireland Junior Championship title in 1954. This victory saw Costelloe drafted onto the senior team for the 1955 Munster Championship. They won a provincial championship medal that year before ending the season with an All-Ireland title after a defeat of Dublin in the final. Costelloe ended their career by winning a league title in 1959.
Honours
Kerry
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship: 1955
Leinster Senior Football Championship: 1955
National Football League: 1958-59
All-Ireland Junior Football Championship: 1954
Munster Junior Football Championship: 1954
References
External links
Tom Costelloe profile at the Terrace Talk website
1931 births
Living people
Irish farmers
Kerry inter-county Gaelic footballers
Dudebro — My Shit Is Fucked Up So I Got to Shoot/Slice You II: It's Straight-Up Dawg Time, commonly shortened as Dudebro II, was an unreleased 2D sidescrolling shooting/slicing action game that is under development by members of the NeoGAF community. Release of the game has been pushed back from the originally intended 2010 to 2011, but after development was rebooted no further release dates were ever announced by the developers.
After years of troubled development, the developers announced in 2017 the game would no longer have any references to NeoGAF, directly in response to a MeToo controversy surrounding the website, and that all the work put into the project would be reused under a new developer name. However, no further updates about those plans were ever issued. Some of the level design was salvaged and released in 2015 as 2 user-made levels in Super Mario Maker, making these the only playable content ever released from this project.
It was intended to parody modern military shooter video games, and contrary to its name, is not a sequel to any previously released game title. The developers, however, had come up with a fictional series of prequels.
Plot
The game would have followed the story of B.R.O. Alliance Forces members John Dudebro and their sidekick, Habemus Chicken.
At the start of the game a briefing with the B.R.O. Alliance General Dawgless Lee takes place, where the protagonists are shown a polaroid picture of the eye-scarred and mustachioed Armando Pesquali. Pesquali is a terrorist known to have been selling illegal weapons in the Middle East. Dudebro and Chicken are then tasked to find the man and stop their arms trade.
Gameplay
The game was a 2D side-scrolling shooter that utilized 8 bit styled retro pixel art, and modern features such as complex physics and video post processing techniques.
John Dudebro, controlled by the player, would have traversed hostile environments filled with enemies to proceed through the game. Movement and actions are all controlled with the keyboard or a game controller. These actions include shooting, slicing, changing weapons, picking up objects, throwing objects, and more. Dudebro's health bar, named Brodiocity Meter, refills when the player performs certain tasks, such as killing enemies, rescuing ladies or drinking beer. When the player is using a game controller, Dudebro can switch weapons in real time with a weapon wheel.
The game would have featured a number of different environments, set in different locations around the world, with complex layouts reminiscent of other games in the Metroidvania genre. By exploring each environment, Dudebro can acquire additional weapons and gear, and collect medals which are used to access boss fights and unlock subsequent chapters. Some boss fights are concluded with a button mashing quick time event named Fist Bump Finisher.
The humorous tone of the game would have permeated multiple aspects of the gameplay, as several elements are explicitly designed to spoof and subvert common tropes from the modern action and shooter video game genres. The gameplay debut trailer, for instance, mocks forced hacking minigames and the ability to only carry a maximum of two weapons at the same time, both common in modern first-person shooters: in the game, the first can be skipped by pressing a button, and the latter gets laughed at by the main characters during a cutscene.
Development
Dudebro began with an offhand comment made by a user named Cuyahoga on the NeoGAF forum. Cuyahoga made up the title to mock another user who accused them of being a pedophile because they purchased and enjoyed the game Imagine: Babyz Fashion. The title was a source of inspiration, and the NeoGAF users Jocchan, Thetrin and Mik2121 took the initiative in the actual conception of the game. They were then followed by a large number of posters who began discussions, collaborating on the ideas and assets for a real game. Eventually, Will Goldstone (who wrote a book on Unity) became involved with programming. The newborn project caught immediately the attention of the gaming press.
The NeoGAF users were able to get Jon St. John to voice the titular character, John Dudebro. St. John is notable for being the voice actor for the character Duke Nukem in the Duke Nukem game franchise.
The game, originally scheduled for release in summer 2010, was later pushed to 2011. Currently, Dudebro's application source code is open to all NeoGAF members who are willing to contribute to the game's improvement. At one point, the name the group of developers uses ("Grimoire Assembly Forge") drew threats of a lawsuit because of an alleged trademark infringement of "Grimoire", a role-playing game developed and published by Grimoire Systems Pty. Ltd.
Cancelled top-down version
The game was originally set to be released as a 3D top-down shooter presented in a 3rd person perspective, with 2D sprite-based characters in 3D environments, developed with the Unity engine. The player was meant to control Dudebro's movement with the keyboard and aim with the mouse. Weapons and upgrades would have been available through the player environment.
The gameplay was mission-based, with each map offering a certain number of missions that needed be completed in order to unlock the level's boss door. Missions were accessed by touching medal-shaped markers scattered across the map and accepted in a subsequent prompt, and they could involve changes in level design, weapon sets and enemy spawns. Mission objectives could involve killing enemies, doing speedruns, saving girls, finding hidden objects or surviving for a set amount of time. Completing each mission would award the user a medal, and some of them unlock new paths in the level to give the player access to more missions or allow easier backtracking. Completed missions and levels could be replayed anytime, and unlocked paths would stay unlocked in subsequent playthroughs.
The game later switched to a 2D side-scrolling version after multiple dropouts left the team too understaffed to continue development.
Super Mario Maker levels
In 2015, the development team released two levels for Super Mario Maker, named "Super Dude Bros.™ II Chapter 1-1: Dawgs of War" and "Super Dude Bros. II Chapter 1-2: There Will Be B.R.Oil".
Two official posts from the official developer blog detailed the plot of the custom levels, a rarity for user-generated content for Super Mario Maker even among other professional developers. It is the year 2015. Supah Mariobro, a heroic plumber from B.R.O. Alliance, embarks on a grand adventure to rescue their beloved Brincess Beach from the greedy paws of the KooPro professional terrorist organization. Then Supah Mariobro follows Dudebro's steps through a mysterious oil pipeline facility in Alaska, up to the first boss fight against "a familiar character" (sic).
The developers published for free level codes that allow users to download those levels. They cautioned against spoiler culture when playing through these levels, as they might potentially ruin some crucial story beats from the yet-to-be-released Dudebro II.
Dudebro II and NeoGAF's MeToo controversy
As a highly controversial MeToo sex scandal rocked NeoGAF in late 2017, the developer issued a public statement disavowing NeoGAF and distancing themselves from the website. They announced plans to purge all references to NeoGAF, and start work under a new team on a spiritual successor. No further statements confirming the game is in active development were ever issued. However, other NeoGAF community works such as the graphical novel "Savage Empire" survived the transitional fallout from NeoGAF's controversy.
See also
Broforce, another satire of modern military shooters unrelated to this project's development team, released in 2015.
References
External links
Dudebro II website
Developer Grimoir Assembly website
Cancelled Windows games
Indie video games
Parody video games
Shooter video games
Windows games
Vaporware video games
Simon Cheffins is a British-American percussionist. Founding member of Crash Worship, Blood Lake, and the Extra Action Marching Band. They currently reside in San Francisco, California.
References
British percussionists
American percussionists
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Peter dalle Carceri (, died 1340) was a Triarch of Euboea and Baron of Arcadia. They were son of Grapozzo dalle Carceri and Beatrice of Verona, both Lords of Euboea.
According to a conjecture by Karl Hopf, they married first with a daughter from the first marriage of George I Ghisi, Lord of Tinos and Mykonos; however this hypothesis is rejected by Loenertz.
In 1324, Peter is attested as lord of half of the Barony of Arcadia in the Principality of Achaea, and it is usually assumed that this came about as a result of a second marriage to Balzana Gozzadini, the widow of Baron Erard II of Aulnay. Balzana died soon after.
They died in 1340 and they were succeeded by their son Giovanni, who was the only son of the second marriage.
References
Sources
1340 deaths
Triarchs of Negroponte
Peter
Medieval Euboeans
Year of birth unknown
14th-century Italian nobility
Peter
IEC Technical Committee 57 is one of the technical committees of the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC). TC 57 is responsible for development of standards for information exchange for power systems and other related systems including Energy Management Systems, SCADA, distribution automation & teleprotection.
Working groups
TC 57 consists of several working groups, each of which is responsible for development of standards within its domain. The active working groups are listed below.
External links
IEC TC 57
IEC TC 57 WGs
057
LuaLua TV (Arabic:قناة اللؤلؤة) is a Bahraini opposition TV Channel. It started broadcasting in 2011 from London. It was named after the Pearl Roundabout. It is blocked in most Gulf Cooperation Council countries, including Bahrain.
In June 2021, Federal Bureau of Investigation and Bureau of Industry and Security seized LuaLua's domain, alongside several other websites such as Press TV, Al-Alam TV and Al-Masirah TV, citing links to Iran and therefore, violations of US sanctions. The website has since come back under a new domain.
References
External links
Arabic-language television stations
Payam Tehran Football Club (Persian: باشگاه فوتبال پیام تهران) ق) is an Iranian football club based in Tehran, Iran that participates in the Tehran Football League since the 1980s.
The club now has focus on the youth academy to educate and train a new generation of football players.
The veteran team of the club , which are players of over 35 years old , participate in the Veteran premier football league of Iran every year.
References
Football clubs in Iran
Sport in Tehran
1936 establishments in Iran
Aaron Williams (born October 2, 1971) is a retired American professional basketball player. They played at the power forward and center positions.
Basketball career
Williams was undrafted after a college career at Xavier University, and played for the NBA's Utah Jazz, Milwaukee Bucks, Denver Nuggets, Vancouver Grizzlies, Seattle SuperSonics, Washington Wizards, New Jersey Nets, Toronto Raptors, New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets and Los Angeles Clippers. They also had brief stints in the CBA, Italy and Greece (Ampelokipoi B.C.).
In 2000-01, as a member of the New Jersey Nets, Williams posted their best numbers as a pro, playing all 82 games while averaging 10.1 points and 7.2 rebounds per game, but also had the dubious distinction of leading the league in total personal fouls committed, with 319 (an average of 3.89 fouls per game).
On December 17, 2004, they were traded by the Nets to the Toronto Raptors along with Alonzo Mourning, Eric Williams, and two first round draft picks in exchange for Vince Carter.
On January 31, 2006, they were traded by the Raptors to the New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets in exchange for two second-round draft picks. On July 31, Williams signed a free agent contract with the Los Angeles Clippers. On March 28, 2008, after rarely having been used throughout two seasons, they were waived.
After a professional career spanning 15 years, they spent part of the 2011–12 season as a temporary assistant men's basketball coach at their alma mater, Xavier University in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Career Statistics
NBA
Regular Season
|-
| align="left" | 1993–94
| align="left" | Utah
| 6 || 0 || 2.0 || .250 || .000 || .000 || 0.5 || 0.2 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 0.7
|-
| align="left" | 1994–95
| align="left" | Milwaukee
| 15 || 0 || 4.8 || .333 || .000 || .667 || 1.3 || 0.0 || 0.1 || 0.4 || 1.6
|-
| align="left" | 1996–97
| align="left" | Denver
| 1 || 0 || 10.0 || .600 || .000 || .000 || 5.0 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 3.0 || 6.0
|-
| align="left" | 1996–97
| align="left" | Vancouver
| 32 || 1 || 17.3 || .573 || .000 || .673 || 4.3 || 0.5 || 0.5 || 0.8 || 6.2
|-
| align="left" | 1997–98
| align="left" | Seattle
| 65 || 9 || 11.6 || .523 || .000 || .776 || 2.3 || 0.2 || 0.3 || 0.6 || 4.6
|-
| align="left" | 1998–99
| align="left" | Seattle
| 40 || 2 || 11.5 || .423 || .000 || .730 || 3.2 || 0.6 || 0.4 || 0.6 || 4.0
|-
| align="left" | 1999–00
| align="left" | Washington
| 81 || 0 || 19.1 || .522 || .000 || .726 || 5.0 || 0.7 || 0.5 || 1.1 || 7.6
|-
| align="left" | 2000–01
| align="left" | New Jersey
| 82 || 25 || 28.5 || .457 || .000 || .787 || 7.2 || 1.1 || 0.7 || 1.4 || 10.2
|-
| align="left" | 2001–02
| align="left" | New Jersey
| 82 || 13 || 18.9 || .526 || .000 || .699 || 4.1 || 0.9 || 0.4 || 0.9 || 7.2
|-
| align="left" | 2002–03
| align="left" | New Jersey
| 81 || 0 || 19.7 || .453 || .000 || .785 || 4.1 || 1.1 || 0.3 || 0.7 || 6.2
|-
| align="left" | 2003–04
| align="left" | New Jersey
| 72 || 7 || 18.6 || .503 || .333 || .677 || 4.1 || 1.1 || 0.5 || 0.6 || 6.3
|-
| align="left" | 2004–05
| align="left" | New Jersey
| 19 || 0 || 7.9 || .519 || .000 || .900 || 1.6 || 0.3 || 0.2 || 0.3 || 1.9
|-
| align="left" | 2004–05
| align="left" | Toronto
| 23 || 4 || 7.2 || .417 || .000 || .857 || 1.3 || 0.1 || 0.0 || 0.1 || 1.6
|-
| align="left" | 2005–06
| align="left" | Toronto
| 14 || 3 || 7.1 || .526 || .000 || .833 || 1.1 || 0.1 || 0.3 || 0.2 || 1.8
|-
| align="left" | 2005–06
| align="left" | New Orleans/Oklahoma City
| 34 || 2 || 20.4 || .516 || .000 || .673 || 4.9 || 0.5 || 0.4 || 0.5 || 5.8
|-
| align="left" | 2006–07
| align="left" | Los Angeles
| 38 || 7 || 9.8 || .547 || .000 || .818 || 2.2 || 0.2 || 0.2 || 0.4 || 2.0
|-
| align="left" | 2007–08
| align="left" | Los Angeles
| 30 || 5 || 9.9 || .491 || .000 || .778 || 2.0 || 0.3 || 0.4 || 0.5 || 2.3
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 715 || 78 || 16.8 || .493 || .063 || .740 || 3.9 || 0.7 || 0.4 || 0.8 || 5.8
|}
Playoffs
|-
| align="left" | 1997–98
| align="left" | Seattle
| 3 || 0 || 2.3 || .000 || .000 || 1.000 || 0.3 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 0.3 || 0.7
|-
| align="left" | 2001–02
| align="left" | New Jersey
| style="background:#cfecec;" | 20* || 0 || 20.8 || .479 || .000 || .826 || 3.5 || 0.8 || 0.4 || 0.8 || 6.5
|-
| align="left" | 2002–03
| align="left" | New Jersey
| 19 || 0 || 17.9 || .472 || .000 || .742 || 4.6 || 0.9 || 0.3 || 0.9 || 6.5
|-
| align="left" | 2003–04
| align="left" | New Jersey
| 11 || 0 || 13.5 || .545 || .000 || .600 || 2.0 || 0.4 || 0.0 || 0.6 || 3.8
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 53 || 0 || 17.2 || .479 || .000 || .775 || 3.4 || 0.7 || 0.3 || 0.8 || 5.6
|}
College
|-
| align="left" | 1989–90
| align="left" | Xavier
| 28 || 1 || 9.9 || .574 || .000 || .400 || 2.7 || 0.2 || 0.2 || 1.0 || 2.2
|-
| align="left" | 1990–91
| align="left" | Xavier
| 32 || - || 26.8 || .536 || .000 || .714 || 6.5 || 1.0 || 0.8 || 1.8 || 9.7
|-
| align="left" | 1991–92
| align="left" | Xavier
| 27 || - || 29.1 || .585 || .000 || .699 || 8.0 || 1.1 || 0.6 || 2.1 || 13.9
|-
| align="left" | 1992–93
| align="left" | Xavier
| 30 || 20 || 28.1 || .543 || .000 || .777 || 7.1 || 1.8 || 0.7 || 1.8 || 10.9
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 117 || 21 || 23.6 || .556 || .000 || .707 || 6.1 || 1.1 || 0.6 || 1.7 || 9.2
|}
References
External links
NBA.com profile
Hoopshype.com career and profile
College Stats
1971 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American expatriate basketball people in Croatia
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American men's basketball coaches
American men's basketball players
Ampelokipoi B.C. players
Basketball coaches from Illinois
Basketball players from Illinois
Centers (basketball)
Connecticut Pride players
Denver Nuggets players
Grand Rapids Hoops players
KK Split players
Los Angeles Clippers players
Milwaukee Bucks players
New Jersey Nets players
New Orleans Hornets players
Power forwards (basketball)
Seattle SuperSonics players
Sportspeople from Evanston, Illinois
Toronto Raptors players
Undrafted National Basketball Association players
Utah Jazz players
Vancouver Grizzlies players
Washington Wizards players
Xavier Musketeers men's basketball coaches
Xavier Musketeers men's basketball players
The 2000 LG Chinese Football Super Cup (Chinese: LG杯2000年度中国足球超霸杯赛) was the sixth Chinese Football Super Cup, contested by Chinese Jia-A League 2000 winners Dalian Shide and 2000 Chinese FA Cup winners Chongqing Lifan. Dalian Shide won their second title after winning 4–1.
Match details
References
2000 in Chinese football
2000
Besharat (, also Romanized as Beshārat) is a village in Qara Bashlu Rural District, Chapeshlu District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 479, in 91 families.
References
Populated places in Dargaz County
Tejgaon Airport is a Bangladesh Air Force military base in Dhaka, Bangladesh. It served as the country's sole international airport prior to the construction of Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport.
History
The British had built military airstrips at Tejgaon, Dhaka during the Second World War for operating warplanes towards the Battle of Kohima and other Burmese war threats. After Independence in 1947, Tejgaon Airport became the first airport to operate civil aviation in then-East Pakistan and it was also a station of the Pakistan Air Force. A number of other British-built military airstrips in Bangladeshi territory were also converted into civil airports – some during the East Pakistan period and some after Liberation. A few others were converted to STOL (Short Take-off and Landing) ports some years ago. And some are still left alone. The airstrips not yet converted to any civil airport of any kind are at Feni, Rajendrapur, Pahar Kanchanpur, Chakaria and Rasulpur.
Soon after the Second World War broke out, the British authority felt the need to build Royal Indian Air Force (RIAF) stations in Dhaka and other vulnerable places in Bangladeshi territory. The construction of Tejgaon Airport at a place named Dainodda started in 1941; and the building of a landing strip at Kurmitola (Balurghat) started at about the same time. The airstrips at Tejgaon and Kurmitola had military fighter plane landing facilities and the British Royal Air Force used the airstrips for maintenance and storage of their aircraft. There was also a United States Air Force detachment here during the war. The first RIAF light fighter landed on the under‑construction runway of Tejgaon at the beginning of 1943 and after development of the airport facilities, it became the first civil airport of Bangladesh. Today it is a part of BAF (Bangladesh Air Force) Base Bashar.
Following the transfer of civilian flights to the newly built Shahjalal International Airport in 1981, Tejgaon was taken under the control of the Bangladesh Air Force.
In mid-2011, the Bangladesh Air Force raised objections to a proposed 19-metre high metro rail along Bijoy Sarani, arguing that the metro rail would hinder military air operations from the Tejgaon airstrip, it made a plea that the airfield be kept functional. The BAF also recommended an alternative route along Khamarbari-Farmgate which would affect the Jatiya Sangsad Bhaban complex. The prime minister opted for the realignment of the route along the parliament complex in line with the BAF suggestion, a move which drew huge flak from different technical experts. The experts, among whom are architects, planners and civic activists, termed the BAF stance unfounded on many occasions and strongly argued that the metro rail would not affect the present operations of the airfield. The airstrip hasn't been used since 1988 and it is seriously affecting Dhaka city's development.
Between 16 and 17 October 2011, the CAAB quietly upgraded it from a short take-off and landing (STOL) port to a domestic airport. This increased the importance of the airport. The CAAB had declared this on their website, however, its website details on navigational aides, air traffic service and aeronautical communications for air operations in Bangladesh territory didn't mention Tejgaon airfield as an airport. A domestic airport requires all the technical features and passenger services as an international airport as per rules of the International Civil Aviation Organisation but the Tejgaon Airport does not have the services required for a STOL port.
Former airlines and destinations
Passenger
See also
List of airports in Bangladesh
References
Civil Aviation Authority, Bangladesh <http://www.caab.gov.bd/secfiles/earlyhis.html>
External links
Bangladesh Air Force
Airports established in 1943
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in British India
Buildings and structures in Dhaka
Defunct airports in Bangladesh
1981 disestablishments in Bangladesh
Airports disestablished in 1981
1943 establishments in India
is a Japanese dinosaur-themed tokusatsu/kaiju television series, produced by P Productions and ran on the Fuji Television Network from October 2, 1967 to March 25, 1968, lasting a total of twenty-six episodes.
Characters
Heroes
Takeru Ibuki: The main character. A young boy who befriends a brontosaurus.
Nessie: A young brontosaurus whose parents died and is now fighting the aliens who killed their parents, with the help of the Japanese military and their human friend. possesses great physical strength and much like their father, the ability to fire a steam of flames.
Villains
Aliens (group 1): a group of bizarre gargoyle aliens serves as the show's antagonists. they were killed and defeated in episode 14. they possess various unnamed guns and missile-shooters, as well as the strange power to resurrect fossilized creatures.
Aliens (group 2): a different, more powerful group of fly-like aliens appeared in episodes 15-26. These aliens possess more advanced weapons, being able to fire an unidentified yellow paste-like acid from their snouts, and being able to alter their revived creatures' genetic material and turn them into giants.
External links
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0185090/
1967 Japanese television series debuts
1968 Japanese television series endings
Tokusatsu television series
Television series about dinosaurs
Hempstead Gardens is a station along the West Hempstead Branch of the Long Island Rail Road. It is located on Hempstead Gardens Drive and Chestnut Street and is one of three stations in West Hempstead, New York.
History
When Hempstead Gardens station was originally built in 1893 by the New York Bay Extension Railroad, it was little more than a small one-room shack with open canopies extending along the northbound platform. At some point between the 1950s and 1972, the shack was replaced by an open sheltered shed. High-level platforms were added to both sides during the 1990s.
Station layout
Hempstead Gardens station has a single track and one four-car-long side platform on its east side that is compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. However, the second track for the West Hempstead Branch begins just northeast of this station. The right-of-way for the second track exists here as well.
This station is one of the few stations on the LIRR, outside New York City, with no parking facilities. The station has two daily ticket machines located near the waiting room.
References
External links
Unofficial LIRR History Website
End of second track(February 1999)
Platformed shelter from tracks and from parking lot (June 2006)
Station from Chestnut Street entrance from Google Maps Street View
Platform from Google Maps Street View
Long Island Rail Road stations in Nassau County, New York
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1893
1893 establishments in New York (state)
The Eden Valley Railway (EVR) was a railway in Cumbria, England. It ran between Clifton Junction near Penrith and Kirkby Stephen via Appleby-in-Westmorland.
Passenger traffic ended in 1962 and the line was reduced to the track between the junction at Appleby station with the Settle-Carlisle Line and Kirkby Stephen which served a quarry. By 1976 all that was left was of track between Appleby in Westmorland and Flitholme. It was used by infrequent British Army services to Warcop Training Area until 1989.
In 1995 the Eden Valley Railway Society was formed with the aim of reinstating services and restoring on the line. Heritage railway services resumed in 2006 between Warcop and Sandford, with an extension of being opened in 2013, giving a current running line of almost .
History
Background
Prior to the construction of the Eden Valley Railway, in the 1840s, several schemes had been proposed which would have run to the Eden Valley; one was the York & Carlisle Junction Railway, backed by the Great North of England Railway, which would have run from Northallerton to Barnard Castle then across the Pennines to Kirkby Stephen, after which two branches would have been formed to connect with the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway; one to Tebay and the other to Clifton. Another similar scheme was the Northumberland & Lancashire Union which would have run from Gateshead near Newcastle upon Tyne to Barnard Castle, and then as the York & Carlisle line across the Pennines via Kirkby Stephen to Tebay. Additionally the Yorkshire and Glasgow Union Railway was planned to run west from Thirsk through Wensleydale to Hawes, then north through the Mallerstang Valley to Kirkby Stephen, and then through the Eden Valley to Clifton via Appleby-in-Westmorland. Both the Yorkshire & Glasgow Union and part of the York & Carlisle Junction to Tebay were empowered by acts of Parliament in 1845 but the end of the Railway bubble of the 1840s meant that they were not built.
It was not until the late 1850s that a line through the Eden Valley was proposed again. Firstly a new trans-Pennine railway line was proposed, reviving the earlier schemes; the South Durham and Lancashire Union Railway (SD&LUR) was to run from the Stockton and Darlington Railway to Kirkby Stephen and then to Tebay. A second line, the Eden Valley Railway would branch from the first at Kirkby Stephen and then go to Clifton via the upper Eden Valley. The main purpose of these lines was freight, not passengers; bringing higher grade iron ore from Cumberland and Lancashire to the blast furnaces of the North East, and coal and coke from the mines of Durham to the northwest of England. The route was shorter than the alternative, the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway.
The act of Parliament authorising South Durham and Lancashire Union Railway was passed on 13 July 1857, and that for the Eden Valley Railway came soon after on 21 May 1858.
The act allowed the raising a capital of £180,000, the appointed directors of the company include important figures from Westmorland and Cumberland including William Brougham, Sir Richard Tufton Isaac Wilson as well as Henry Pease.
Construction and route
Construction of the line was contracted to Messrs. Lawton Brothers of Newcastle, the turning of the sod ceremony took place on 4 August 1858 with Lord Brougham. Most of the stone for the railway's stations was quarried near Cliburn. Construction of the line was straightforward with only three minor rivers to cross and no tunnels in low-lying land; the maximum incline was 1 in 80, the average 1 in 150. The cost of construction had been £204,803 0s 8d ().
From Kirkby Stephen East station on the SD&LUR the line to Cumbria curves northwest to the junction at which the Eden Valley railway separates from the Tebay line and begins to travel roughly north. after the junction a bridge over Scandal Beck is reached which was crossed by an iron bridge, less than further north the River Eden was crossed by Musgrave viaduct of three lattice girder iron spans.
Next was the minor Musgrave station to the west of the village of Great Musgrave. The line then curved to the northwest towards Warcop and after reached Warcop station. From Warcop the line continued northwest along the Eden valley north of the Eden crossing Coupland Beck after by a viaduct, and then continued to Appleby about after Warcop station.
running northwest from Appleby the railway reached Kirkby Thore station, then just over west-northwest to Temple Sowerby station south of the village of the same name. The river Eden was crossed once more at Skygarth viaduct which had four lattice girders each of , whence the line ran roughly west to Cliburn railway station north of the village of Cliburn. The line then continued west, and curved south on a chord connecting it to a north facing junction near Clifton, Cumbria connecting the line to Clifton and Lowther station on the Lancaster & Carlisle Railway.
The line was built as a single track line and was worked by the Stockton and Darlington Railway from its inception, it opened for mineral trains on 8 April 1862, and for passengers on 9 June the same year.
1862 to 1923: NER
Soon after opening the amalgamation of the railway into the Stockton and Darlington Railway along with the South Durham and Lancashire Union Railway and Frosterley and Stanhope Railway was sanctioned by an Act of Parliament on 30 June 1862. The following year the Stockton and Darlington merged into the North Eastern Railway, and the Eden Valley line too became part of that larger system.
During the construction of the railway, in 1861, an act of Parliament was passed that would increase the importance of the Eden Valley Line. This was the act permitting the construction of the Cockermouth, Keswick and Penrith Railway, which by 1865 had been opened. It connected to the Cockermouth and Workington Railway, and hence the ports and industrialised iron-rich regions of the west Cumbrian coast (Workington, Whitehaven) were linked to the Lancaster and Carlisle line (operated by the London and North Western Railway) near Penrith close to the Eden Valley's own junction. This made the Eden Valley line a route of choice for transport of materials between the north east and north west of England. Permission to build a connection allowing trains from the north to run directly onto the Eden Valley line was obtained in 1862, and the new section opened in 1863, along with a new station for Clifton (renamed Clifton Moor in 1927) on the chord. Eden Valley passenger trains now ran via this northern track, and had running powers on the L&CR line, now going to Penrith. After 1874 the southern chord was abandoned.
During the 1870s the Settle and Carlisle Railway was being constructed, which also ran through the upper Eden Valley. West of the station in Appleby in Westmorland a junction with the Eden Valley railway was built allowing trains travelling north to cross onto the westbound Eden Valley line. Further west the Settle line crossed over the Eden Valley line.
1923 to 1948: LNER
Between 1923 and 1948 the line was part of the London and North Eastern Railway.
1948 to 1989: British Railways
In 1948 the railways of Britain were nationalised and the line became part of British Railways. In the following decade several stations closed: Musgrave station in 1952, Kirkby Thore in 1953, Temple Sowerby closed to passengers in 1953, and Cliburn station in 1956.
In 1958 a two car diesel multiple unit service was introduced. However between 1962 and 1963 the entire line closed to passengers. At the same time the Stainmore railway also closed completely apart from a short section of track eastwards from Kirkby Stephen East railway station to Merrygill Viaduct for the quarry nearby. From then on only freight trains used the line.
The line from Clifton to Appleby was also closed, and, from 1963 points east of Appleby could only be reached via the junction with the Settle and Carlisle railway at Appleby. Freight trains still ran from Appleby to Kirkby Stephen and then to Hartley Quarry (). In 1974 that service ended and the track was removed except for about between Appleby and Warcop. Trains for the Warcop Training Area north of Warcop village ran until 1989.
The line today
The section of line between Appleby and Warcop has been restored by the Eden Valley Railway Trust, originally known as the Eden Valley Railway Society. At the southern end of the route, the Stainmore Railway Company has reinstated a short stretch of track near Kirkby Stephen East station.
Other than in the restored sections, none of the track remains in situ. Most of the trackbed remains as a feature on the landscape and as field boundaries. To the south east of Kirkby Thore the A66 road crosses the trackbed close to where Kirkby Thore station once stood, and the station was demolished when the road was remodelled in 1974. Clifton Moor, Cliburn, Temple Sowerby and Warcop and Musgrave railway stations are now private residences. Other features including the signal boxes at Cliburn and Warcop have survived. The bridges at Musgrave and Skygarth have been removed. The former junction west of Kirkby Stephen with the line to Tebay is now a nature reserve.
Notes
References
Sources
A Regional History of the Railways of Great Britain, Volume 4: The North East, K. Hoole, 3rd Edition, 1986
The North Eastern Railway, Cecil J. Allen, 1974
The North Eastern Railway; its rise and development, William Weaver Tomlinson, 1915, online version via www.archive.org
The Eden Valley Railway, Alan Dick, 1992, article, images track diagrams, via www.cumbria-railways.co.uk
Cumbria Railways - The Eden Valley Railway, description, images and maps, www.cumbria-railways.co.uk
Map coordinates and images
Closed railway lines in North West England
Railway companies established in 1858
Railway lines opened in 1862
Railway companies disestablished in 1862
1858 establishments in England
British companies established in 1858
Their Hour is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by King Vidor. This film was the follow-up to Samuel Goldwyn's Three Weeks, written by Elinor Glyn, and starring Aileen Pringle, one of the biggest moneymakers at the time of the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer amalgamation.
Plot
Gritzko (John Gilbert) is a Russian nobleman and Tamara (Aileen Pringle) is the object of their desire.
Cast
Aileen Pringle as Tamara Loraine
John Gilbert as Gritzko
Emily Fitzroy as Princess Ardacheff
Lawrence Grant as Stephen Strong
Dale Fuller as Olga Gleboff
Mario Carillo as Count Valonne
Jacqueline Gadsden as Tatiane Shebanoff (credited as Jacquelin Gadsdon)
George Waggner as Sasha Basmanoff (credited as George Waggoner)
Carrie Clark Ward as Prinncess Murieska
Bertram Grassby as Boris Varishkine
Jill Reties as Sonia Zaieskine
Wilfred Gough as Lord Courtney
Frederick Vroom as English Minister
Mathilde Comont as Fat Harem Lady
E. Eliazaroff as Khedive
David Mir as Serge Greskoff
Bert Sprotte as Ivan
George Beranger as (credited as Andre Beranger)
Virginia Adair (uncredited)
Rowfat-Bey Haliloff as Dancer (uncredited)
Mike Mitchell (uncredited)
Jack Parker as Child (uncredited)
Thais Valdemar (uncredited)
Production
Their Hour marked the first of five pictures that John Gilbert and King Vidor would make together for M-G-M.
Adapted from a 1910 novel by Elinor Glyn, an author of torrid romances chic in the 19th Century, Their Hour was Vidor's attempt to tap into the popularity of Jazz Age "flaming-youth" pictures dealing with marital infidelity.
The movie includes many titillating seduction scenes, one of which was deemed too salacious for release.
Produced under the strictures of the new Production Code, producer Louis B. Mayer censured Vidor for incorporating some of Glyn's “hot-cheeked” depictions of sexual decadence.
A former officer of the Russian Imperial Army, by now living in Los Angeles, served as a technical adviser on the film. Their actual name has not been confirmed, however the studio press releases referred to them as Mike Mitchell. This film marked the first of four times that John Gilbert and King Vidor would work together. Despite showcasing their riding ability and appearance, Gilbert hated the script and felt it gave them nothing substantial to do as an actor.
Reception
In this, Gilbert's first film with King Vidor, audiences were impressed with the star as a romantic leading man
Box office
According to MGM's records, the film made a profit of $159,000. MGM sent Elinor Glynn records which stated the film cost $211,930 and earned $317,442 resulting in a profit of only $105,511. This meant Glynn, who was entitled to 33.3% of net profits, earned $35,170.
Footnotes
References
Baxter, John. 1976. King Vidor. Simon & Schuster, Inc. Monarch Film Studies. LOC Card Number 75-23544.
Brownlow, Kevin and Kobal, John. 1979. Hollywood: The Pioneers. Alfred A. Knopf Inc. A Borzoi Book, New York.
Durgnat, Raymond and Simmon, Scott. 1988. King Vidor, American. University of California Press, Berkeley.
Landazuri, Roberto. 2009. Bardelys the Magnificent. San Francisco Silent Film Festival (SFSFF) https://silentfilm.org/bardelys-the-magnificent/ Retrieved 11 June 2020.
External links
1924 films
1924 drama films
Silent American drama films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by King Vidor
Films produced by Irving Thalberg
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
1920s American films
Brett Larsen v Rick Dees Ltd is a decision of the Supreme Court of New Zealand issued on 1 June 2007. It considered whether a contract for purchase of land is validly completed where settled with a transfer of funds electronically within the time limit stipulated by the parties while notification of this transfer was out of time.
Composition of the Court
Elias CJ, Blanchard, Tipping, McGrath and Gault JJ. The decision of the court was read by Blanchard J, giving the judgement of McGrath J, Gault J, Tipping J (who delivered some observations of their own) and himself. Elias CJ dissented.
Background
Mr Larsen agreed to sell ten housing units in Papakura to Rick Dees Ltd.
Dissent
Elias CJ delivered a brief dissent. They believed that the purchaser's sole duty under the contract was to give the purchase price of the land prior to the time stipulated. They believed that where the purchaser was directed by the vendor to settle funds by a certain time and does so, settlement is complete and is not reliant on notification of the vendor.
The vendor's letter requesting electronic transfer and delaying what was to be a concurrent surrender of the title documents until notification of the receipt of the funds was made by the purchaser was to the vendor's advantage. Performance of the deed requested constituted acceptance by the purchaser that they were waiving their right to have the vendor's strict contractual obligation performed. It did not import a further obligation on the purchaser regarding the method of settlement.
Elias CJ rejected the suggestion that notification was necessary for commercial efficacy, especially regarding the possibility that a vendor may require certainty regarding back to back deals of sale and purchase. Here the vendor asked for the electronic transfer of funds. They had established by when the funds needed to be transferred. They provided the deposit slip. They had the funds in their account prior to this time. Through the agency of their bank they had received the funds. They had certainty of actual receipt.
For Elias CJ the judgment of the majority meant the secure full payment of purchase monies within the time required and in accordance with the method requested by the vendor would be artificially deemed incomplete because the vendor was difficult to locate. In their mind this decision would result in a far greater degree of commercial uncertainty and unreality than finding the settlement to be valid.
Notes
2006 in New Zealand law
Supreme Court of New Zealand cases
2006 in case law
New Zealand contract case law
"Another Town, Another Train" was a song recorded by Swedish pop group ABBA at KMH Studios.
The song was released as a 7" vinyl single in Japan in March 1973 to promote the group's debut album Ring Ring; the single was also released with the same B-side ("People Need Love") in Venezuela. "Another Town, Another Train" was also released as a single on Playboy Records in the USA, with "I Am Just A Girl" on the B-side, as a follow-up to the group's first single "People Need Love". It was released in South Africa and Rhodesia on the Sunshine label with "Rock'n Roll Band" on the B-side. The first release in the UK was on Abba's first compilation album The Greatest Hits.
Written and performed in the style of Simon and Garfunkel and The Bachelors, the melodic ballad tells of the song's narrator leaving their love as "day is dawning". It was recorded in German under the title "Wer im Wartesaal der Liebe steht" (with lyrics by Fred Jay), as the B-side to the German version of "Ring Ring". With lyrics in Swedish by Stikkan Andersson, "En annan stad, en annan vän", it was covered by dance band Schytts in 1974, and by fellow Eurovision participant Kikki Danielsson in 1991 on their album "Vägen hem till dej".
Official versions
"Another Town, Another Train" (English version)
"Wer im Wartesaal der Liebe steht" (German version)
Charts
Cover versions
A Swedish country band called Nashville Train (which included some of ABBA's own backing band members) covered the song in 1977 on their album ABBA Our Way, released on the Polar Music label in Sweden.
External links
Pictures of all singles.
Discogs. "Another Town, Another Train" master release
References
1973 songs
1973 singles
ABBA songs
Kikki Danielsson songs
Playboy Records singles
Songs written by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus
Songs about trains
Vasilios Kinalis (; born 22 April 1999) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Super League 2 club Apollon Smyrnis.
References
1999 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greek expatriate footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Super League Greece players
Serie D players
Football League (Greece) players
Atromitos F.C. players
S.E.F. Torres 1903 players
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Serres
Stuart Darren Thomas (born 25 January 1975) is a former Welsh cricketer.  They are a left-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler.
Having first achieved notability taking a five-wicket haul against Derbyshire at the age of 17, Thomas took their chance at a place in the England youth team, and continued to bowl well through to 1995, at which point they suffered a dip in form which lasted until they regained their form in 1998, finishing top of the wicket-taking stakes with 81 wickets at an average of 24. They bowled an innings of 7 for 16, a record for Glamorgan, and was offered a chance to play for England A against South Africa and Zimbabwe.
Thomas was part of the Glamorgan side which won the county's first County Championship in 28 years in 1997, taking 44 wickets at 26.36, including 5 for 38 in the fixture against Somerset which clinched the title.
They became the leading wicket taker in 2000 and recorded their first ten-wicket haul in a match against Durham in 2002.
In 2007, after fifteen years with Glamorgan, they joined Essex County Cricket Club. However, a shoulder injury sustained in February of that year prevented their playing even once for the first team, and in September they announced their retirement.
Notes
1975 births
Living people
Welsh cricketers
Glamorgan cricketers
Cricketers from Swansea
NBC Denis Compton Award recipients
Wales National County cricketers
Wales National County cricket captains
Pangloss (from Greek, meaning all languages) may refer to:
Pangloss, a fictional character in the 1759 novel Candide by Voltaire
Dr. Peter Pangloss, a fictional character in the 1797 play The Heir at Law by George Colman the Younger
Pangloss Collection, a digital library of audio recordings in endangered languages
A fanfare orchestra (Dutch fanfareorkest, French harmonie-fanfare) is a type of brass band consisting of the entire saxophone family, trumpets, trombones, euphoniums, baritone horns, flugelhorns and alto/tenor- or F-horns, as well as percussion. They are seldom seen outside of Europe, with a high concentration of these bands in Belgium and the Netherlands, many of them civil bands with a few Dutch bands also serving the Armed forces of the Netherlands and its veterans.
Bands sporting similar instruments are also active in France, Luxembourg and in Germany, many of these German bands sporting fanfare band titles as several of them started up as these. Switzerland, Portugal, Lithuania and Norway have few such civil bands.
Introduction
Starting in the 19th century, the adoption of the British brass band tradition in several countries in Europe as well as the enduring tradition of military bands made their way into the formation of the fanfare orchestra in the Low Countries. It is a type of brass band but with saxophones added, while also sporting extra brass instruments.
The civil fanfare orchestra exists not just to provide entertainment through music but also for the preservation of local musical traditions. As such the orchestra plays not just in concerts but also in civil events and celebrations.
Fanfare orchestras affiliated to the Dutch military also perform in events involving the armed services and military veterans in the Netherlands. The Fanfare Band of the Royal Netherlands Army Mounted Regiments "Bereden Wapens" () is the only professional fanfare orchestra in the world.
The German variant band, through, would or would not use saxophones depending on necessity. Few bands use drum and bugle corps instruments alongside the standard brass instruments.
Instrumentation
The instrumentation of a fanfare orchestra is fairly similar to that of a British brass band but also includes trumpets rather than cornets and an additional complement of flugelhorns and saxophones. This combination of instruments gives the fanfare orchestra a sound that can be viewed as a halfway between that of a concert band and a brass band.
In a fanfare orchestra, the most numerous brass instrument is the flugelhorn. In these ensembles, flugelhorns act as cornets would in a British-style brass band. Flugelhorn parts in a fanfare orchestra are often far more demanding than flugelhorn parts in brass band, and due to the absence of cornets, flugelhorns have to play in a higher register than they would in a brass band. The saxophone parts are often doubled on flugelhorn parts, which is what gives the fanfare orchestra its characteristic dark sound, as opposed to the brighter sound of wind bands. Trumpets are the other instruments that provide the higher range in fanfare bands. Trumpets generally do not play as much of a role in the sound of the band as they would in other ensembles, such as wind bands. Cornets are also occasionally used, but this is rare. At the very top of the range there is usually a soprano cornet or a piccolo trumpet.
In the middle and lower ranges of the fanfare orchestra are French horns and occasionally tenor horns. Mellophones can also be used, but this is rare. Lower than the French horns are baritone horns and euphoniums, trombones, occasionally a bass trombone, and B flat and E flat tubas plus sousaphones and helicons. However, in the last couple of decades, the use of actual (British-style) baritone horns has been in severe decline, and the baritone parts are very frequently played on euphonium instead. This does not change the fact that the intended instrument to play the baritone parts is, still, a baritone horn. The instrumentation of a fanfare orchestra is virtually identical to that of a brass band, aside from the fact that there are saxophones in the fanfare band, namely baritone saxophones, alto saxophones, soprano saxophones and tenor saxophones as well (few bands even have a rare use of the bass saxophone). There is often an abundance of percussion players (from 4-6), using snare drums, bass drums, cymbals and glockenspiels (plus the optional tenor drum, including in German ensembles).
See also
Marching band
Brass band
References
Types of musical groups
The Mahnmal Bittermark is a memorial place in , a borough in the city of Dortmund, Germany.
The place commemorates about 300 people killed by the Gestapo in Bittermark city forest and in the Rombergpark between March 7 and April 12, 1945. The people killed were forced laborers from France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Yugoslavia, Poland and the Soviet Union, members of the German resistance, as well as ordinary people whose careless utterance was judged to be "the dissemination of the opinion about the futility of the war and the insult of Hitler".
The bodies were exhumed on April 19–21, 1945, six days after the US army had taken Dortmund. In 1953 the city of Dortmund approved plans of constructing a memorial place for the victims. Works began in 1955 and were finished in 1960.
References
Nazi war crimes in Germany
Monuments and memorials in Germany
Dortmund
1960 establishments in Germany
Outdoor sculptures in Germany
Sculptures of men in Germany
Sculptures of women in Germany
Statues in Germany
Lantsch/Lenz (, Romansh: Lantsch) is a municipality in the Albula Region in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.
The majority of its population is Romansh-speaking.
History
Lantsch/Lenz is first mentioned around 850 as Lanzes.
Geography
Lantsch/Lenz has an area, , of . Of this area, 27% is used for agricultural purposes, while 34.4% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 3.8% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (34.8%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
Until 2017, the municipality was located in the Belfort sub-district of the Albula district, after 2017 it was part of the Albula Region. It is located at an elevation of on a terrace above the right side of the Albula river. It consists of the linear village of Lantsch/Lenz. Until 1943 Lantsch/Lenz was known as Lenz.
Demographics
Lantsch/Lenz has a population (as of ) of . , 12.5% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 1.5%. Most of the population () speaks German (54.2%), with Romansh being second most common (36.7%) and Albanian being third ( 2.5%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 51.6% male and 48.4% female. The age distribution, , in Lantsch/Lenz is; 49 people or 10.1% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 32 people or 6.6% are 10 to 14, and 29 people or 6.0% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 36 people or 7.4% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 76 people or 15.7% are 30 to 39, 66 people or 13.6% are 40 to 49, and 61 people or 12.6% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 56 people or 11.5% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 61 people or 12.6% are 70 to 79, there are 16 people or 3.3% who are 80 to 89, and there are 3 people or 0.6% who are 90 to 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 38.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SVP (33.2%), the SPS (16.2%) and the FDP (10.8%).
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Lantsch/Lenz about 73.7% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Lantsch/Lenz has an unemployment rate of 2.24%. , there were 24 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 9 businesses involved in this sector. 25 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 5 businesses in this sector. 83 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 31 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Heritage sites of national significance
St. Mary's Church in Lantsch/Lenz is listed as a Swiss heritage sites of national significance.
References
External links
Official website
Municipalities of Graubünden
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
The 1959 Christchurch mayoral election was part of the New Zealand local elections held that same year. In 1959, election were held for the Mayor of Christchurch plus other local government positions. The polling was conducted using the standard first-past-the-post electoral method.
Background
Sitting mayor George Manning was re-elected for a full term, with a decreased majority, opposed only by Harold Smith of the Citizens' Association. Smith was successful in winning a seat on the council and was appointed deputy mayor. The Citizens' Association won every council seat leaving Manning as the only Labour Party elected representative in Christchurch.
Mayoralty results
The following table gives the election results:
Councillor results
Table footnotes:
<noinclude>
References
Mayoral elections in Christchurch
1959 elections in New Zealand
Politics of Christchurch
November 1959 events in New Zealand
1950s in Christchurch
The District of Columbia is a political division coterminous with Washington, D.C., the capital city of the United States. Since the enactment of the 23rd amendment to the Constitution in 1961, it has participated in 15 presidential elections. The amendment states that the district cannot have more electoral votes than the state with the smallest number of electors. Since then, it has been allocated three electoral votes in every presidential election. In each of the 15 presidential elections, it has overwhelmingly voted for the Democratic Party candidate, with no margin less than 56.5 percentage points. It has been won by the losing candidate in 8 of the 15 elections.
In the 2000 presidential election, Barbara Lett-Simmons, an elector from the district, left their ballot blank to protest a lack of a voting representative from D.C. in the Congress. As a result, Al Gore received only two of the three electoral votes from Washington, D.C. In 2016, 85.7% of the registered voters voted to approve the statehood referendum. In recent times, there have been various statehood movements in the District of Columbia, which advocates making the district a state.
Presidential elections
Graph
The following graph shows the margin of victory of the Democratic Party over the Republican Party in the 15 presidential elections Washington, D.C. participated.
See also
Government of the District of Columbia
List of the United States presidential election results by state
Notes
References
Works cited
Tate Glacier () is a tributary glacier on the south side of Thomas Spur, flowing east and merging with Moffett Glacier just east of the spur where the two glaciers enter the larger Amundsen Glacier, in the Queen Maud Mountains. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–64. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Robert Tate, geomagnetist-seismologist with the South Pole Station winter party, 1964.
Glaciers of Amundsen Coast
Richard Hardy (died 1607), of Southampton, was an English politician.
They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Newport, Isle of Wight in 1586 and 1589.
References
16th-century births
1607 deaths
Politicians from Southampton
English MPs 1586–1587
English MPs 1589
One Half of a Whole Decade (subtitled Five Years at the Ministry of Sound) is a DJ mix album released by the eponymous record label of house nightclub Ministry of Sound in 1996. As the album's subtitle suggests, the album celebrates and documents the first five years of the Ministry of Sound as a nightclub. It is a box set and contains three discs, the first disc, Rulin, is based around the club's Rulin' garage nights and is mixed by CJ Mackintosh and Todd Terry. The second disc, Frisky?, is based around its Frisky? house nights and is mixed by Seb Fontaine and Jon Pleased Wimmin. The third disc, Logical Progression, is mixed entirely by LTJ Bukem and is based around their Logical Progression drum and bass nights.
The album's elaborate, unusual packaging, designed by Scott Parker, is a homage of the foil packaging that computer components are sold in, complete with details such as warning details and bar codes. The album was critically acclaimed and was a commercial success, reaching number 9 on the UK Compilation Chart. The album also precedes later anniversary mix albums released by the club such as Fifteen Years and Live & Remastered.
Background
The Ministry of Sound had opened as a house and garage house-orientated nightclub in Elephant & Castle, London, in September 1991, and quickly developed into a world-renowned nightclub in the ensuing years. According to club biographer, Andy Pemberton, as of mid-1996, the nightclub's "personality" was divided between the Frisky and Rulin' nights at the weekend, which played house and garage music "where the patrons swoon to the latest garage guidance counselors", and the Logical Progression nights mixed by LTJ Bukem, which featured "the hard edged underground throb of drum and bass."
The nightclub celebrated its fifth anniversary in September 1996 in numerous different ways, the most notorious being the projection of their logo onto Buckingham Palace with the message that the Ministry of Sound "lasts longer than a royal marriage," in reference to Prince Charles and Princess Diana's divorce.The Annual II liner notes. One of the anniversary celebrations was to release an anniversary DJ mix album, One Half of a Whole Decade, to reflect both the five years of the club's history and also its future. Clare Gage, Grace Garcia Sutcliffe, Lynn Cosgrave, Mark Rodol, Russell Bradley, Simon Gurney and Steve Canueto all conceived, produced, marketed and "agonised over" the album. "Jacko" "lovingly mastered" the entire album at Masterpiece Mastering.
Content
One Half of a Whole Decade celebrates five years of the Ministry of Sound and is a document of those five years, with each disc based around a different night at the club. According to AllMusic's Jason Birchmeier, the album "attempts to present a quick summary of the massive developments made in the genre of electronic dance music in the early '90s. Of course, since this is a Ministry of Sound album, the DJs and tracks are very typical of the glamorous London club." The triple album features five different DJs compiling and mixing the tracks.
{{
Quote box
| quote = "The reaction I get in the clubs inspires me in the studio. The Ministry is probably one of only two places in the world where I can experiment. I've done eleven hours sets at the Ministry and would go for longer if the lights didn't come on."
| source = —CJ Mackintosh on mixing their half of Rulin'''.
| width = 25%
| align = left
| style = padding:10px;
}}
The first disc, Rulin, is based around the club's pioneering Rulin' nights which began in 1994. These nights, which played house and garage, were and remain one of the club's flagship events, and had become "instrumental in championing American house music back in the mid-1990s." The first half is mixed by the night's resident CJ Mackintosh and its second half by Todd Terry, who had also played Rulin'.
The second disc, Frisky?, is based around the club's then-Friday night event Frisky?, described in the album's liner notes by Lucy Vignola as "a night of hedonistic, atmospheric, raunchy, burning house that smashes the north/south club divide and breaks the barriers surrounding dance music genres." The first half of the disc is mixed by the night's resident Seb Fontaine, who Vignola noted produces "the smoothest mix of upfront house around", and the second half by Jon Pleased Wimmin.
The third disc, Logical Progression, which plays as one continuous track, is mixed entirely by LTJ Bukem and is based around their Logical Progression nights at the club which themselves are based around drum and bass and "the future of dance music." According to Justin James, "the Ministry of Sound has a reputation for telling it like it is. Logical Progression tells you how it's gonna be." They described the nights as "an uncompromising selection of the latest dubplates [which take] you on a trip to a new sonic dimension of break beats and beyond. A soundtrack for the future." The disc features extracts from the 1931 film Little Caesar, and is reflective of Bukem's record label Good Looking Records, and their own identically titled compilation series, Logical Progression.
Birchmeier felt that Mackintosh, Terry and Wimmin's mixes are "very typical of what one might expect from the early to mid-'90s Ministry of Sound: accessible house music with tons of diva vocals and a light-hearted, gay mood," whereas Fontaine and Bukem's mixes "are a bit less out of the ordinary and end up being the more rewarding mixes on this triple CD." Fontaine, who was not well known at the time, mixes both forgotten "early-'90s club hits", such as Bizarre Inc's "Raise Me", and "some tracks that have been recognized as timeless classics", such as Jaydee's "Plastic Dreams", Leftfield's "Not Forgotten" and Golden Girls' "Kinetic".
Release and receptionOne Half of a Whole Decade was released 2 September 1996 by the Ministry of Sound record label; although the label had released multiple DJ mix albums in different series, it was the label's second standalone DJ mix album. The album was dedicated to former Ministry of Sound DJs David Cole and Larry Levan, with the album booklet saying: "Your spirit lives on." A commercial success, One Half of a Whole Decade reached number 9 on the UK Compilation Chart, and stayed on the chart for six weeks. A critical success, Jason Birchmeier of Allmusic was positive, highlighting Seb Fontaine and LTJ Bukem's mixes as the best due to their "less out of the ordinary" track listings. They noted that although Fontaine's mix "does include some forgettable early-'90s club hits such as Bizarre Inc's 'Raise Me,'" "the then-unknown DJ also lays down some tracks that have become recognized as timeless classics that sound just as good in the early part of the 21st century as they did back in the early '90s."
The album's unusual packaging, designed by the Ministry of Sound's art director Scott Parker, consists of cardboard sleeves stored in a rigid silver box, and is designed to resemble the shiny foil packets in which computer components are sold in, complete with details such as warning labels, futuristic typefaces and technical photographs. Parker explained: "We wanted to link the CD to a clothing idea and decided to pastiche the silver foil packaging for computer parts, complete with the yellow and red warning sticker and bar code. The aim is to look non-designed, that's why I mixed up the fonts and played with the branding, adding a number of different, futuristic logos."
Parker chose not to vacuum pack the album, as the club's "arch rivals" Cream had already used the method for one of their DJ mix albums, and it "needed to be a sturdier, self-contained package", so the album's box was made by the London Fancy Box Company, and "each of the three CDs has its own sleeve." In order to "make it feel like a piece of technical equipment," Parker used photographs that Tony Stone had taken of a pressing plant, as well as "snapshots of the Ministry building." In 1997, Design Week said the album's packaging was "definitely the best CD design to come out of [Ministry of Sound]," and commented that it "exudes both glamour and a sort of nerdy techno-aesthetic, and is lovely to look at, lovely to hold… on a par with a very expensive box of chocolates."
The Logical Progression disc was later remastered and re-released as the first disc on Bukem's Logical Progression Part 1 compilation in March 2001, released on their label Good Looking Records. For this release, the individual songs were sequenced separately, rather than all on one track. The Ministry of Sound would later release other anniversary compilations for later anniversaries, namely Fifteen Years (2006), Live & Remastered (2011), XX: Twenty Years (2011) and XX: Twenty Years 2 (2012).
Track listing
===Rulin===
Tracks 1–6 mixed by CJ Mackintosh and tracks 7–12 mixed by Todd Terry
Voices - "Voices In My Mind" (Cosmack Mix) - 7:08
Swing Kids - "Good Feelin'" (TNT Bonus Beats) - 2:41
Lovebeads featuring Courtney Grey - "This Is The Only Way" (Heller+Farley Project Mix) - 3:50
Colourblind - "Nothing Better" (TMVS Club Mix) - 5:21
Urban Blues Project featuring Michael Procter - "Deliver Me" (Original Mix) - 8:08
Urbanized featuring Silvano – "Helpless" (Kenlou Mix) - 6:35
C+C Music Factory - "Pride, A Deeper Love" (Original C+C Mix) - 8:40
Soul System – "It's Gonna Be A Lovely Day (C+C Anthem 1)" - 3:52
Barbara Tucker - "Beautiful People" (Underground Network Mix) - 6:01
Martha Wash - "Carry On" (Tee's Freeze Mix) - 4:40
Robert Owens - "I'll Be Your Friend" (Original Def Club Mix) - 6:33
Inner City - "Pennies From Heaven" (Kevin's Tunnel Mix) - 4:47
Frisky?
Tracks 1–7 mixed by Seb Fontaine and tracks 8–14 mixed by Jon Pleased Wimmin
Bizarre Inc - "Raise Me" (Eon's Ascension Mix) - 4:37
Leftfield - "Not Forgotten" (Hard Hands Mix) - 4:07
Anthony White - "2Love Me Tonight" (Gomez Rock The Joint Mix) - 7:18
Jaydee - "Plastic Dreams" (Long Version) - 6:03
Mory Kante - "Yeke Yeke" (Hardfloor Dub) - 4:44
Golden Girls - "Kinetic" (Frank De Wulf Mix)- 3:20
Mankey - "Believe In Me" (Madd Ladds 12" Mix) - 9:48
Donna Summer - "Melody Of Love" (Epris Mix) - 5:58
Sunscreem - "When" (K-Klassix Mix) - 5:55
The Beloved - "Satellite" (Freedom Vocal) - 4:48
Jennifer Lucas - "Take On Higher" (Club 12") - 5:50
28th Street Crew - "O" (Hi-Lux Mix) - 4:26
Mozaic - "Rays Of The Rising Sun" (Electric Beach Mix) - 4:37
Jennifer Lucas - "Take On Higher (Stringapella Reprise)" - 1:29
Logical ProgressionLogical Progression' is one continuous track mixed by LTJ Bukem, and is made up of these tracks.
LTJ Bukem - "Logical Progression" - 67:24
Hieroglyphix - "Destiny"
Q Project - "Solar System"
Appaloosa with DJ Dream - "Night Train"
P.H.D. – "Above and Beyond"
Seba & Lo-Tek – "Universal Music"
LTJ Bukem - "Music" (Reworked By Peshay)
Peshay - "Jazz Lick"
DJ Addiction – "Senses"
New Balance - "Reflections"
Axis - "Euphony"
See alsoLive & RemasteredMinistry of Sound Anthems''
References
1996 remix albums
Ministry of Sound compilation albums
DJ mix albums
Dance music compilation albums
Kathryn Elizabeth Doty (née Hohn; July 15, 1920 – October 14, 2016), also known by their stage name Kathryn Adams or as Kathryn Adams Doty, was an American actor.
Early years
The daughter of a Methodist minister, Dr. Chris G. Hohn, Doty was born in New Ulm, Minnesota. When they were six, the family moved to Warrenton, Missouri, where their father was chaplain and executive secretary at an orphans' home. After they developed lung problems, they spent two years at a camp in Minnesota. As early as age 13, they took their father's place in the pulpit when they were sick. In a 1939 newspaper article, they recalled: "It was quite a radical thing, in that small town, for a little girl to conduct the church services and preach the sermon, but the congregation understood and were very kind to me."
Doty was a student at Hamline University in Saint Paul, Minnesota, (where they sang in the a cappella choir) and worked as a catalog clerk at the headquarters of Montgomery Ward when an opportunity for an acting career arose. They competed in 1939 in the national finals of the Jesse L. Lasky radio contest Gateway to Hollywood, received a contract, and remained in California to begin a film career under the name of Kathryn Adams.
Film
Doty debuted on film in Fifth Avenue Girl (1939). One of their more notable roles was as Mrs. Brown, the young mother in Alfred Hitchcock's Saboteur (1942). They co-starred in Sky Raiders (1941), a film serial from Universal Pictures, and had the leading lady role in three Western films in which Johnny Mack Brown starred.
Personal life
They married fellow actor Hugh Beaumont in an Easter wedding on April 13, 1941, at Hollywood Congregational Church. They had three children. After divorcing Beaumont in 1974, they married Fred Doty, and relocated to their native Minnesota. Fred Doty died on January 8, 2011, aged 96.
They earned a master's degree in educational psychology and had a career as a psychologist, working at the Footlight's Child Guidance Clinic at Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center and later in Minnesota after they moved back to their home state.
Writing
While in their 80s, Adams Doty wrote two novels for young adult readers: A Long Year of Silence (2004) and Wild Orphan (2006), both set in New Ulm, Minnesota, during World War I. They were a finalist for the Minnesota Book Award and winner of the 2005 Midwest Book Award. A third book, Becoming the Mother of Me (2009), described their life growing up as a minister's daughter, their trip to Hollywood and their first marriage.
Writing as Kathryn Doty, they published short stories in Pocket, The Friend and various children's magazines.
Death
Adams died on October 14, 2016, aged 96.
Partial filmography
Fifth Avenue Girl (1939) - Katherine Borden
That's Right—You're Wrong (1939) - Mrs. Elizabeth Ralston (uncredited)
The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1939) - Fleur's Companion
Millionaire Playboy (1940) - Betty (uncredited)
If I Had My Way (1940) - Miss Corbett
Ski Patrol (1940) - Lissa Ryder
Love, Honor, and Oh-Baby! (1940) - Susan
Black Diamonds (1940) - Linda Connor
Argentine Nights (1940) - Carol
Spring Parade (1940) - Girl with Fortune Teller (uncredited)
The Invisible Woman (1940) - Peggy
Meet the Chump (1941) - Gloria Mitchell
Nice Girl? (1941) - Bride (uncredited)
Bury Me Not on the Prairie (1941) - Dorothy Walker
Sky Raiders (1941) - Mary Blake
Model Wife (1941) - Salesgirl (uncredited)
Bachelor Daddy (1941) - Eleanore Pierce, aka Jane Smith
Rawhide Rangers (1941) - Jo Ann Rawlings
Unfinished Business (1941) - Katy
Arizona Cyclone (1941) - Elsie
Hellzapoppin' (1941) - Girl (uncredited)
Junior G-Men of the Air (1942) - Grace - Bolt's Girl [Chs. 1, 7] (uncredited)
Saboteur (1942) - Young Mother
You're Telling Me (1942) - Girl (uncredited)
Blonde for a Day (1946) - Phyllis Hamilton (final film role)
References
External links
Kathryn Adams Doty at Edinborough Press
1920 births
2016 deaths
20th-century American actores
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American women writers
Actresses from Minnesota
21st-century American memoirists
American women novelists
American women psychologists
American film actores
American historical novelists
People from New Ulm, Minnesota
American women memoirists
Women historical novelists
Novelists from Minnesota
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American women writers
People from Warrenton, Missouri
20th-century American non-fiction writers
Jean-Louis Masson may refer to:
Jean-Louis Masson (politician, 1947)
Jean-Louis Masson (politician, 1954)
Masson, Jean-Louise
Pseudocastalia is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, containing the following species:
Pseudocastalia arabica (Gestro, 1877)
Pseudocastalia bennigseni Kraatz, 1896
Pseudocastalia mattheei Holm, 1982
Pseudocastalia penrithae Holm, 1982
References
Buprestidae genera
Pangasius is a genus of medium-large to very large shark catfishes native to fresh water in South and Southeast Asia. The term "pangasius" is sometimes used to specifically refer to the commercially important basa fish, P. bocourti.
Taxonomy
In 1993, Pangasius was one of two extant genera (along with Helicophagus) in the family Pangasiidae. At this point, it was split into four subgenera. Pangasius (Pangasianodon) included P. gigas and P. hypophthalmus and was diagnosed by the absence of mandibular barbels, the absence of teeth in adults and the presence of a single-lobed swimbladder. Pangasius (Pteropangasius) included P. micronema and P. pleurotaenia and was diagnosed by four lobes in the swimbladder and with multiple segments in the last lobe. Pangasius (Neopangasius) included P. nieuwenhuisii, P. humeralis, P. lithostoma, P. kinabatanganensis, diagnosed by palatal teeth arranged in a single large patch and high vertebral counts. Pangasius (Pangasius) was the final subgenus and had no diagnostic features, containing the remaining species. These subgeneric classifications were confirmed in 2000 except for Neopangasius, found to be polyphyletic and to be part of Pangasius (Pangasius), thus leaving three subgenera.
Since then, the subgenera have been variably recognized as separate. P. gigas and P. hypophthalmus have been classified in the genus Pangasianodon, and P. micronemus and P. pleurotaenia in the genus Pseudolais (with Pteropangasius as a junior synonym).
In 2011, Pangasius was sixth in the National Fisheries Institute's "Top 10" list of the most consumed seafood in the United States. The Top 10 is based on tonnage of fish sold. According to the NFI, this mild-flavored white-fleshed fish is farmed in Asia, and is being used increasingly in food service. It is finding its way onto restaurant menus and into stores, as well, where one may see it called basa, tra, or swai. They are either called Panga, Pangas or Pangasius, In Malaysia and Indonesia , Pangasius are called Ikan Patin , while Malaysian Chinese call Pangasius 巴丁鱼. Some species like Pangasius Nasutus , Pangasius Djambal and Pangasius Sanitwongsei are expensive food fish in Malaysia , Pangasius Sanitwongsei was also a common fish in aquarium trade and sport fishing.
Species
Currently, 22 recognized species are in this genus:
Pangasius bocourti Sauvage, 1880 (basa fish)
Pangasius conchophilus Roberts & Vidthayanon, 1991 (snail eating pangasius)
Pangasius djambal Bleeker, 1846
Pangasius elongatus Pouyaud, Gustiano & Teugels, 2002 (elongated pangasius)
Pangasius humeralis Roberts, 1989
Pangasius kinabatanganensis Roberts & Vidthayanon, 1991 (kinabatang pangasius)
Pangasius krempfi Fang & Chaux, 1949
Pangasius kunyit Pouyaud, Teugels & Legendre, 1999
Pangasius larnaudii Bocourt, 1866 (spot pangasius)
Pangasius lithostoma Roberts, 1989
Pangasius macronema Bleeker, 1851
Pangasius mahakamensis Pouyaud, Gustiano & Teugels, 2002
Pangasius mekongensis Gustiano, Teugels & Pouyaud, 2003 (mekong pangasius)
Pangasius myanmar Roberts & Vidthayanon, 1991 (myanmar pangasius)
Pangasius nasutus (Bleeker, 1863) (long nosed pangasius)
Pangasius nieuwenhuisii (Popta, 1904)
Pangasius pangasius (Hamilton, 1822) (yellowtail catfish)
Pangasius polyuranodon Bleeker, 1852
Pangasius rheophilus Pouyaud & Teugels, 2000
Pangasius sabahensis Gustiano, Teugels & Pouyaud, 2003
Pangasius sanitwongsei Smith, 1931 (giant pangasius)
Pangasius silasi Dwivedi et al., 2017
Fossil record
The single known fossil species of this genus, P. indicus, is reported from the Paleogene period of Sipang, Sumatra, either from the Eocene or the Oligocene.
References
Pangasiidae
Paleogene genus first appearances
Catfish genera
Taxa named by Achille Valenciennes
Freshwater fish genera
Extant Paleogene first appearances
Madoryx pseudothyreus, the false-windowed sphinx, is a moth of the family Sphingidae. The species was first described by Augustus Radcliffe Grote in 1865. It is known from the tip of Florida down to Cuba and the surrounding West Indies.
The wingspan is 66–70 mm. There is a small olive-green basal patch on the forewing upperside which is separated into two spots. There is a brown marginal band on the forewing underside.
There are multiple generations per year. Adults feed on the nectar of various flowers, including Asystasia gangetica.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on Avicennia germinans. Pupation takes place in cocoons spun amongst leaf litter.
References
External links
Dilophonotini
Moths described in 1865
The 2022 North Carolina A&T Aggies football team represents the North Carolina A&T State University during the 2022 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The Aggies play their home games at the Truist Stadium in Greensboro, North Carolina. The team is coached by fifth-year head coach Sam Washington. This is the second and final season for the Aggies joining the Big South Conference.
Previous season
The Aggies finished the 2021 season with a record of 5–6, 3–4 Big South play to finish in a 4 way tie for third place.
Schedule
Game summaries
vs North Carolina Central
at No. 1 North Dakota State
at Duke
South Carolina State
Bryant
Edward Waters
at Robert Morris
Campbell
Norfolk State
Charleston Southern
at Gardner–Webb
References
North Carolina AandT
North Carolina A&T Aggies football seasons
North Carolina AandT Aggies football
Is...Not Nicole Kidman is the third stand-up comedy special by stand-up comedian Kathy Griffin on Bravo and their fifth overall. It was televised live from the Orpheum Theatre in Los Angeles, California on on Bravo. This special precedes the series premiere of Kathy Griffin: My Life on the D-list.
Track listing
Personnel
Technical and production
Stacy Brewster - associate producer
Tom Bull - supervising producer
Scott Butler - producer
Sandy Chanley - executive producer
Keith Truesdell - producer
Eban Scheltetter - music producer
Brent Carpenter - film editor
Mark Hoffman - production design
Bill Kappelman - sound: A2
Larry Reed - sound mixer
Blaine Stewart - post-production audio: Post Plus
Jeff Pierce - on-line editor
Michelle Walsh - assistant editor
Jahmir Blanchard - production associate
Jesse Bryner - production associate
Mark Hansson - associate director / stage manager
Renee Olsen - production associate
John Pritchett - technical director
Mark Reilly - assistant: Sandy Chanley
Doug Shaffer - production enthusiast
Frederique Barrera - production coordinator (uncredited)
Visuals and imagery
Cynthia Bachman Brown - makeup stylist (as Cynthia Bachman)
Caroline Wiseman - hair stylist
Marvin Bluth - tape operator
Randy Gomez - camera operator
Greg Grouwinkel - camera operator
Marc Hunter - camera operator
Guy Jones - video operator
Ritch Kenney - camera operator
Simon Miles - lighting designer
Danny Webb - camera operator (as Dan Webb)
Easter Xua - camera operator
Judith Brewer Curtis - wardrobe stylist (as Judith Curtis)
References
External links
Kathy Griffin's Official Website
Kathy Griffin albums
Stand-up comedy albums
2005 live albums
Johann Roth (; 30 November 1426 – 21 January 1506) was Bishop of Lavant from 1468 to 1482 and Prince-Bishop of Wrocław (Breslau) from 1482 until their death. They were known as a brilliant speaker, humanist and supporter of the arts and learning.
Career
The son of the shoemaker Seyfried Roth, John was born in the Swabian town of Wemding (in present-day Bavaria). A gifted young man, John studied in Rome with Lorenzo Valla, and then in 1459 at the University of Padua, where they served as rector of the law school and in 1460 earned a doctorate. They befriended Italian humanists including Enea Silvio and held an office in the papal chancery. Johann already served as a secretary of the Habsburg king Ladislaus the Posthumous until their early death in 1457 and then worked in the chancery of Emperor Frederick III who ennobled them in 1464.
In 1460 they served as a priest in Sankt Georgen, Austria, in 1464 they were dean of the cathedral in Passau and in 1466 they were made dean of the chapter of Wrocław. In 1468 they accompanied Emperor Frederick proceeding to the papal court of Pope Paul II and was appointed Bishop of Lavant in Inner Austria, succeeding Rudolf of Rüdesheim who was elected Prince-Bishop of Wrocław.
John served as an emissary to Rome, to Venice, and most notably to the Hungarian king Matthias Corvinus rivalling with George of Poděbrady in the Bohemian–Hungarian. In 1482 they were appointed coadjutor in Wrocław and upon Rudolf's death succeeded them as Prince-Bishop, elected under pressure from King Matthias. They also served as governor of the Bohemian Duchies of Silesia from 1490 to 1497. On 26 June 1497 they held a synod and latter was subject of an attempted assassination by Nicholas II of Niemodlin, who would later be executed the next day.
As Bishop Johann constantly conflicted with their cathedral chapter as well as with the Silesian estates and the Piast dukes. Nevertheless they held three diocesan synods, and arranged for the printing of missals, breviary, liturgical and song books. They also amassed a considerable collection of books, of which, however, few remains are left. They were also skilled in finance and administration redeeming several mortgaged estates and castles for the diocese. In 1502 they appointed Johann V Thurzo coadjutor.
John IV Roth died in 1506 in their episcopal residence at Nysa (Neisse) and was buried in Wrocław Cathedral. Their epitaph is one of the most significant works by Peter Vischer the Elder.
References
Prince-Bishops of Breslau
15th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Poland
1426 births
1506 deaths
Bishops of Lavant
Chance Carter (born 15 September 2001) is a Canadian former professional soccer player who played as a midfielder for FC Edmonton.
Early life
Carter grew up in Edmonton, Alberta. They played youth soccer for FC Edmonton.
Club career
Vancouver Whitecaps
In early 2017, Carter joined the academy program of Major League Soccer side Vancouver Whitecaps FC. In the 2016–17 USSDA season, they made eleven appearances for Vancouver's under-15/16 side, scoring one goal. The following year, they made 29 appearances in all competitions for the under-16/17 side, scoring five goals, and also made one appearance for the under-18/19 team.
In 2018–19, Carter joined the under-18/19 ranks and made thirteen appearances. The following year, they scored one goal in eight appearances for the team.
FC Edmonton
On 10 March 2020, Carter returned to FC Edmonton, signing their first professional contract. They made their debut for Edmonton on August 15 against Forge FC. The club announced their return to the team for the 2021 Canadian Premier League season on November 10, 2020. However, before the 2021 season, they announced their retirement to pursue other career aspirations, as they were attending university for dentistry.
University Soccer
After leaving professional soccer, Chance Carter will be playing university soccer for U Sports side MacEwan Griffins
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Canadian soccer players
Soccer players from Edmonton
FC Edmonton players
Canadian Premier League players
The yellow-bellied tit (Pardaliparus venustulus) is a bird in the family Paridae. The species was first described by Robert Swinhoe in 1870.
It is endemic to China. Its natural habitats are temperate forest and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
Male yellow- bellied tits are very territorial, but they have a mutual respect for their neighbors. This is called the “dear- enemy” effect, since the birds respect each other's territory and want to maintain friendships.
References
External links
Yellow-bellied tit at the Internet Bird Collection
yellow-bellied tit
Endemic birds of China
yellow-bellied tit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Paramesiodes albescens is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in South Africa.
References
Endemic moths of South Africa
Moths described in 1912
Archipini
The Bronx County Bird Club (or BCBC) was a small informal club of birders based in the Bronx, New York, which was active between 1924 and the 1940s, with residual activity through to 1978. Its founders were described by The New York Times Magazine in 2015 as "a group of competitive, iconoclastic young naturalists", and by Chicago Reader in 1987 as "smart-assed teenagers" who "astounded their stuffy elders with the sightings they reported and their ability to defend the accuracy of those sightings".
The group's interest in birding began in 1918 when John Matuszewski, their older brother Charlie, and Richard Kuerzi began looking for birds at the Hunts Point dump near where they lived, working from a copy of Chester A. Reed's Bird Guide: Land Birds East of the Rockies. The BCBC was officially founded on November 29, 1924 by nine teenage boys: John F. Kuerzi and their brother Richard, Joseph J. Hickey, Allan D. Cruickshank, Frederick J. Ruff, Richard A. Herbert, Irving Kassoy, John E. Matuszewski and Philip Kessler. William Vogt later became a member. About 1927, Roger Tory Peterson joined the club as its tenth member, the club having waived its unwritten rule that only Bronx residents could join. Peterson was also the last living member of the club. Ludlow Griscom, who acted as a mentor to the club, taught Peterson how to quickly identify birds visually. Their 1923 book, Birds of the New York City Region, was depended upon by the club members. Helen G. Cruickshank, wife of Allan, was made a honorary member in either 1937 or 1978. There were never more than 11 BCBC members.
The members purchased a used Buick which they used to travel to birding locations, with sewer outfalls and garbage dumps as popular destinations. They found, for example, four snowy owls feeding on rats at the Hunts Point Dump. The BCBC did not limit itself to observing in the Bronx. In 1931, for example, they were reported to have made several trips to Putnam County. The club members took over 40,000 photographs covering 400 species of birds.
A last BCBC meeting was held in early 1978 at Fort Myers, Florida, with surviving club members travelling from Florida, New York, Wisconsin, and Antarctica.
Christmas census
In 1922, the club participated for the first time in the annual Christmas census run by the Audubon Society. They observed 35 species in Pelham Bay, Van Cortlandt, and Bronx parks. In the 1923 census, they found 26 species. 1925 yielded 67. In 1926 it was 83, with 87 in 1927 and 93 in 1929. In 1934, the club spotted 97 species, reported to be one more than they had the previous year. By the group's twelfth census in 1935, 107 species were seen. In later years, the Queens County Bird Club were rivals in the competition.
The club introduced a new technique, with teams of two or three assigned to survey specific areas. This proved to be a successful strategy, with the BCBC observing more species in the eastern US than any other team for three consecutive years. The 1935 total of 107 species was the first time any census participant had ever found more than 100. Initially called the Bronx County Christmas Bird Count, the boundary lines were redrawn in 1940 to include lower Westchester County and renamed the Bronx-Westchester Christmas Bird Count.
The last BCBC member to participate in a Christmas count was Richard Herbert in 1956.
Additional reading
References
1924 establishments in New York City
Ornithological organizations in the United States
Organizations based in the Bronx
The following lists events that happened during 2017 in Hungary.
Incumbents
President: János Áder
Prime Minister: Viktor Orbán
Speaker of the National Assembly: László Kövér
Events
21 January – A bus carrying Hungarian students crashes near Verona in northern Italy with 16 people dead and 26 injured.
7 February The town of Ásotthalom lead by László Toroczkai bans the Muslim call to prayer, and Muslim clothing,
13 March – János Áder is elected head of state of Hungary for a second term by the National Assembly.
13 June – The Hungarian Parliament Passes a Law Targeting Foreign-Funded NGOs. The law requires civil groups receiving foreign donations above a certain threshold to register as organizations funded from abroad.
14–30 July – 2017 World Aquatics Championships are held in Budapest
7–20 August – 2017 FINA World Masters Championships in Budapest
Deaths
January 22 – József Torgyán, politician (b. 1932)
February 5 – Kálmán Katona, politician (b. 1948)
March 8 – George Andrew Olah, chemist, Nobel laureate (b. 1927)
April 29 – Mátyás Usztics, actor (b. 1949)
May 8 – Imre Földi, weightlifter (b. 1938)
May 31 – István Szondy, modern pentathlete (b. 1925)
July 11 – Éva Schubert, actor (b. 1931)
August 30 – Károly Makk, film director and screenwriter (b. 1925)
References
2010s in Hungary
Years of the 21st century in Hungary
Hungary
Hungary
Miss Supranational USA, also referred to as Miss Supranational United States, is an annual beauty pageant in the United States that is held to select the representative of the United States of America at Miss Supranational.
The current Miss Supranational USA is Shivali Patel of North Carolina.
Titleholders
States by number of wins
Representatives at Miss Supranational
References
External links
Official Website
USA
2011 establishments in the United States
Recurring events established in 2011
Beauty pageants in the United States
Cäcilie M. (Anna von Lieben, born Anna von Tedesco; 1847–1900) is the pseudonym of one of Freud's first patients, whom they called in 1890 their “principal client” and in 1897 their “instructress”.
Life
Born into a rich Austrian Jewish family, Anna von Lieben was referred to Freud in the late eighties for help with a long-standing series of nervous disorders. After referring them for a consultation with Charcot, Freud treated them (with some short-term success) through hypnotism, taking them with them to see Hippolyte Bernheim in 1889 in the (unsuccessful) hope that they might be able to work a permanent cure. They also used abreaction for temporary relief of their symptoms, noting however that their sense of guilt and self-reproaches would swiftly return after the treatment sessions.
Them symptoms, including hallucinations and physical spasms, provided the basis for many of Freud's claims about conversion hysteria; and how to interpret back from physical symptom or hallucination to the underlying (symbolic) emotional meaning it expressed, often by a 'punning' logic.
Criticism
Freud's later critics have argued that their continuing treatment of Anna, given awareness of their incurability, amounted to using them as a kind of cash-cow.
See also
References
Further reading
Peter J. Swales, 'Freud, their Teacher, and the Birth of Psychoanalysis', in Paul E. Stepansky ed., Freud, Appraisals and Reappraisals, (1986) 3-82
External links
Cäcilie M., Case of
Anna von Lieben, Gedichte (1867-1870)
Anna von Lieben, Gedichte (1867-1873)
Case studies by Sigmund Freud
1847 births
1900 deaths
Austrian Jews
History of psychology
Women and psychology
de:Anna von Lieben
Maurits Schmitz (born 31 March 1993) is a Dutch professional football player who plays as a goalkeeper for SV Spakenburg in the Dutch Tweede Divisie.
Career
AFC Ajax
Maurits Schmitz joined the youth ranks of AFC Ajax in 2002 where they progressed through the various ranks, signing their first professional contract in the summer of 2012. On 8 August 2013 their contract with Ajax was extended for another year, binding them to the club until the summer of 2014. They joined the reserves squad at first, having played for the A1 youth selection the previous season. They made their professional debut in the Dutch Eerste Divisie on 14 October 2013 against Fortuna Sittard, playing the full 90'-minutes in the 3–0 away loss.
In the summer of 2014, Schmitz became the first choice keeper for Ajax Zaterdag (Ajax 3), the newly promoted amateur team of Ajax, competing in the Topklasse, the third tier of professional football in the Netherlands. They made 15 league appearances while keeping two clean sheets. They also made one appearance in the first round of the KNVB Cup in a 4–0 win against De Valk.
Go Ahead Eagles
On 22 December 2014 it was announced that Schmitz would transfer to Eredivisie side Go Ahead Eagles from Deventer where they would become third choice goalkeeper behind Mickey van der Hart, who was serving a loan spell from Ajax, and second choice keeper Erik Cummins. They made no appearances in one season with the club, having been on the bench as second keeper for one match.
SV Spakenburg
In March 2016, Schmitz was released from the Eagles with no extension of their contract, leaving them to search for a new club. That same Month it was announced that Schmitz had signed with Dutch Tweede Divisie side SV Spakenburg.
International career
Maurits Schmitz made their international debut playing for the Netherlands U-15 squad on 11 March 2008, in a friendly match against Belgium U-15, which ended in a 4–2 victory for the Dutch. They played in two more friendly fixtures for the under-15 squad, both against Switzerland U-15 which each ended in 0–2 losses at home only two days apart from each other. On 22 April 2008 Maurits Schmitz made their only appearance for the Netherlands U-16 squad in a friendly match against Northern Ireland U-16, playing the full 90'-minutes in the 2–0 home win. On 24 September 2009 Schmitz made their debut and only appearance for the Netherlands U-17 team. They played the entire match in the friendly encounter against France U-17 which the Dutch won with a 2–1 victory.
Statistics
Club performance
1 Includes UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europa League matches.
2 Includes Johan Cruijff Shield and Play-off matches.
References
External links
Netherlands U15 stats at OnsOranje
Netherlands U16 stats at OnsOranje
Netherlands U17 stats at OnsOranje
1993 births
Living people
Dutch footballers
AFC Ajax players
AFC Ajax (amateurs) players
Go Ahead Eagles players
SV Spakenburg players
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
Derde Divisie players
People from Nieuwegein
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Utrecht (province)
Naour (), also called Naur, is region number 26 in the Greater Amman Municipality. It is located on the west side of the capital, and comprises 26 neighborhoods or residential areas. Naour comprises approximately 87 km2, i.e., 5.19%, of the total landscape of Greater Amman Municipality. Its population is 50,000 and it is bordered by six regions.
History
The down town of Naour was established by the Circassian immigrants who migrated from their homeland Circassia (Cherkessia) in the North Caucasus in 1900. The Circassian immigration was one of the latest Circassian immigrations which started in 1864 as a result of the Russian army control over Circassia after about 150 years of war. The number of the Circassian families which established Naour was about 55 families, descending from different Circassians tribes like the Abzakh, Shapsugs, Bazadough and a few from the Kabarday. They established a big mosque in the center of the town, after building their homes and built elementary school, grain mills, water springs, roads, fields, gardens, shops, carpentry shops and blacksmith shops.
Naour's inhabitants are from different groups and ethnicities, from different races, religions, and roots. These include Bedouins like Al-Ajarmah, Circassians, villagers like Al-Thawabeieh (originally from Tafilah), Christians originally from Salt and Palestinians who came after 1948 and 1967.
Some of the Naourian families moved to a bounded district called Marj Al-Hamam, where a large area of its lands were meadows (fields) – owned by the Naourian families – for the families and tribes from Naour, like the Circassians and Al-Ajarmah (Al-Ofeshat). These peoples, however, still consider themselves to be Naourians and have participated in the elections of the charity associations, etc.
Naour is considered to be a patriotic district and has participated in many major events that have occurred in Jordan. Several of Jordan's most prominent historical figures (who were influential in different battles and wars) hailed from Na'our. Furthermore, several Naourians have served as high-ranking government officials and military officers, and a number of Naourians have also been famous writers, laureates, etc.
Issa Al-Naouri (the Naourian), for example, is considered to be among the most influential writers in Jordan and Palestine
King Abdullah II has visited Naour for several times and the last royal visit took place in 2011
In June 2021 the Jordanian political system was rocked by the news of Osama Al Ajarmeh, an MP from Naour, reportedly "making to their followers in Naour threatening remarks about the king, and insulting the monarch.
Footage on social media showed Mr Al Ajarmeh brandishing a sword and wearing a concealed gun holster. In the aftermath, the Jordanian Parliament moved to expel Al Ajarmeh. In the aftermath, security forces confronted Mr Al Ajarmeh's supporters who had gathered in Naour, some of them firing guns in the air. However, an armed clash was avoided and on the following day the gatherings largely subsided, without having gotten to an all-out clash.
See also
Ethnic cleansing of Circassians
Amman
References
Populated places in Amman Governorate
Districts of Amman
1900 establishments in the Ottoman Empire
Avulsed is a Spanish death metal band, formed in August 1991 in Madrid by Dave Rotten (who also manages the Xtreem Music record label).
Biography
The band developed its musical style through various demos: Embalmed in Blood (1992), Deformed Beyond Belief (1993) and Promo '95 (1995), and a 7" EP Carnivoracity (1994), until they recorded their debut album Eminence in Putrescence (1996) through Repulse Records where the band displayed a pure death metal sound mixing up both heavy riffs with melodic parts.
With Cybergore (1998) the band mixed extreme techno with their traditional death metal. In April 1999, a Colombian label offered to release all the band's demos and unreleased rare recordings on CD (Seven Years of Decay, 1999).
The second album, Stabwound Orgasm (1999) was recorded at Spacelab Studios in Kempen, Germany and was mastered by James Murphy in California. Again released by Repulse, this album doubled the sales of its predecessor and was licensed by various labels in South America (Sylphorium), USA/Canada (World War III) and Russia (IronD). In January 2001, the band entered the studios again, this time with producer Roberto Galán to record four cover songs for different tribute albums which were finally put together as a self-financed MCD (Bloodcovered, 2001) in a limited run of 500 copies available only through the band.
In August 2002, the band travelled again to Germany's Spacelab Studios to record their third album, Yearning for the Grotesque which came out in February 2003 through the Italian label Avantgarde Music.
The band's fourth full-length album, Gorespattered Suicide was recorded in Madrid at VRS Studios and the masters were later sent to Erik Rutan of Hate Eternal / ex-Morbid Angel who mixed and mastered the album at their Mana Recording Studios at Florida. It was released in January 2005 by Slovakian label Metal Age Productions. This was followed by a tour in Japan (April 2005), European festivals including London Deathfest, Obscene Extreme (Czech Republic), Uncover Train Fest (Paris), plus a complete European tour (15 shows/11 countries) as headliners together with Italian grindcore act Grimness 69.
Reanimations (2006) was released by Xtreem Music and shortly after also by Metal Age Productions. It included two new songs, a new version from an earlier demo song, three covers (of WASP, Gorefest and Exodus), plus eight bands performing Avulsed cover songs. September 2007 saw the first official Avulsed DVD release with Reanimating Russia 2007, recorded in Moscow in June 2007 during the band's second Russian tour, and released by Coyote Records.
After three years of touring, Avulsed focussed on their fifth album, Nullo (The Pleasure of Self-Mutilation), recorded in Madrid at Room 101 Studios between October 2008 and May 2009 with Javier Fernández as engineer and producer. It utilised artwork and design from Mike Hrubovcak. This album was simultaneously released in June 2009 through Xtreem Music and Metal Age in Europe, Coyote in Russia and will see upcoming releases by Ibex Moon Records in the US, American Line in Mexico/Central America and Sylphorium for the South American territory.
In March 2012 it was announced that drummer Riki had amicably parted ways with the band and replaced by Osckar.
Members
Current members
David González - vocals (1991-)
José Miguel - guitar (1992-)
Juan Calvo - guitar (1994-)
Antonio Rodriguez - bass (1998-)
Jorge Utrera - drums (2020-)
Past members
El Largo - guitar (1991)
Lucky - bass (1991–1996)
Antonio "Toni" Pardo - drums (1992–1993)
Luis Quiroga - guitar (1992–1994)
Raúl Díaz - drums (1994–2004)
Ivan - bass (1997–1998)
Andrés Cobos - drums (2000)
Ricardo Mena - drums (2005–2012)
Osckar Bravo - drums (2012–2014)
Erik Raya - drums (2014–2015)
Arjan van der Wijst - drums (2015–2018)
Rafael Aritmendi - drums (2018–2020)
Discography
1992: Embalmed in Blood (demo)
1993: Deformed Beyond Belief (demo)
1993: Live in Perfect Deformity (live-tape)
1993: Dead Flesh Compilation (5-Way Split)
1993: Split 12"LP with Acid Death
1994: Carnivoracity (7" EP)
1995: Promo '95 (demo)
1995: Carnivoracity (mini CD)
1996: Eminence in Putrescence (album)
1998: Cybergore (re-mixes)
1999: Seven Years of Decay (best-of/compilation)
1999: Stabwound Orgasm (album)
2001: Bloodcovered (mini CD)
2003: Yearning for the Grotesque (album)
2005: Gorespattered Suicide (album)
2006: Reanimations (album)
2007: Reanimating Russia 2007 (DVD)
2009: Nullo (The Pleasure of Self-Mutilation) (album)
2013: Ritual Zombi (album)
2015: Altar of Disembowelment (MCD/10"MLP)
2016: Deathgeneration (album)
2017: Night Of The Living Deathgenerations (live album)
References
External links
Official Website
Official MySpace
Avulsed interview
Musical groups established in 1991
Spanish heavy metal musical groups
Spanish death metal musical groups
Musical quintets
1991 establishments in Spain
Diamond Cut Audio Restoration Tools (also known as DC-Art and Diamond Cut Audio Lab) is a set of digital audio editor tools from Diamond Cut Productions used for audio restoration, record restoration, sound restoration of gramophone records and other audio containing media.
Origins
Diamond Cut Audio Restoration Tools (DC-Art) was originally a private venture by R&D engineer Craig Maier and software engineer Rick Carlson. Developed in the early 1990s, the original concept was conceived in an attempt to preserve the extensive Edison Lateral collection of test pressing recordings held at the Edison National Historic Site in West Orange, New Jersey. DC-Art was developed so that the many test pressings could be transferred to digital tape for preservation and archival purposes. The total number of songs which were recorded with the original software numbered over 1200 in anywhere from two to five takes and included many recordings that had not been played since the late 1920s.
In 1995, the Diamond Cut Audio Restoration Tools (DC-Art) program was first formally introduced into the commercial marketplace. Since then DC-Art (or DC for short) has been used throughout the world for not only musical audio restoration applications, but for others such as 911 call restoration, clarification of police surveillance recordings, cleanup of radio broadcasts for release on CD, restoration of historic spoken word recordings, cockpit voice recording restoration among others. The full version is highly useful and flexible for any number of audio related operations.
Versions
Unlike other programs in the field of record and audio restoration, DC-Art has undergone regular and significant modifications on an almost annual basis. Many of the changes appear to stem from the frequent discussions and interest in the process of audio restoration by addressing them using new and novel algorithms in order to both simplify and improve the outcomes of the audio restoration process. As such, many of the releases include alterations aimed at both novice and experienced/expert users or engineers in the field:
DC-Art
DC-Art was the first of the officially released audio restoration programs from Diamond Cut Productions in April 1995 and featured a 16-bit processing architecture for the various audio processing algorithms. Initially it was released as a beta version to potential customers and identified as QA 1.1. During the initial release it took several months of de-bugging to optimise the various algorithms. DC-Art V1.0 was made available to the public by July 1996 and later through Tracer Technologies, Inc. in order to facilitate the marketing and distribution of the software. Version 2.0 of DC-Art was released later in December 1997 and included innovative real-time filter previews. If you have an original copy of QA 1.1, consider it a collectable antique!
DC-Art-32
DC-Art 32 was released in 1998 and also referred to as "DC-Art Version 3.0". In contrast to the earlier release, DC-Art 32 used a 32-bit processing architecture to improve the accuracy of the various audio processing algorithms. Unlike other audio-restoration software, DC-Art 32 also introduced a novel enhancement processes termed the Virtual Valve Amplifier (aka. VVA). This novel enhancement algorithm provided the opportunity to re-create or enhance various harmonic frequencies that are otherwise lost during the audio restoration process and to "color" sound to match that of the era from which the recording was made.
DC-Art Millennium
DC-Art Millennium/Live or "DC-Art Version 4.0" was publicly released in August 1999. Unlike previous versions, DC-Art Millennium brought with it a new level of performance and features in the audio restoration and enhancement software market. Unlike other software of its type it included features like live feed-through mode whereby a user could effectively restore a recording on the fly. At the time, it was also one of a few programs available to the public that supported 24-bit/96 kHz sound files which was later found to facilitate impulse noise detection and FFT-based noise removal algorithms. In addition, DC-Art Millennium boasted over 15 real-time tools that could be used individually or in combination (called a multi-filter) and thus setting the restoration software benchmark for its time.
In August 2001, DC-Art Live and Millennium were up-dated to version 4.8 with various bug fixes and the addition of a digital high resolution VU meter. Also during this period, changes were made to improve the frequency resolution of the spectrum analyzer.
DC-Enhance/MP3
DC-Enhance/MP3 was released in February 2001 as a low-cost product for improving the fidelity of MP3 audio files. Unlike other members of the DC-Art family DC-Enhance/MP3 did not include any tools for audio restoration, rather focusing on enhancement of bass and harmonic attributes of already digitised audio. Due to the limited function of this program it was rapidly superseded by other DC-Art versions which included MP3 enhancement as a part of the multifilter component.
DC-Audio Mentor
As the name suggests, Audio Mentor was designed to take novice users "by the hand" and guide them through the restoration process of removing clicks, pops, hiss and surface noise from any recording format. In a rather innovative method, Audio Mentor took a user through a series of informative steps from setting the recording levels, noise reduction, sound enhancement to making a CD in minutes. It included facilities to automatically split a file into its individual tracks such as when transcribed from a cassette or LP record. In addition, it simplified the process of tracking audio files undergoing or having undergone the restoration process by automatically transferring them between various folders and included a novel mechanism for keeping track of what had been done on each individual file (e.g. noise reduction, Enhancement, Final Touches). DC-Audio Mentor underwent several months of beta testing before being released in mid July 2006.
DC-5
DC-5 beta began development in early 2000. As the result of a substantial number of improvements, testing did not commence until June 2002 before being released in September 2002. Previous versions of DC-Art software used a source vs destination file setup termed "Classic edit mode" whereby each time a filter was applied to a source file it would generate a new, altered destination file tiled within the same window. Whilst this was commendable for archival purposes, for the home user or intermediate expert it resulted in too many semi-complete restoration files. DC-5 addressed this issue by introducing "Fast Edit" mode and a new "Fast Edit" history whereby each change to the original file could be reversed. In this mode, both the source and destination files became the one file on screen, whilst information regarding changes made were saved in the background to enable them to be selectively un-done.
Other improvements included VOX recording facilities, timer recording, dithering, 192 kHz sampling rate support and most importantly a "Live Feed-through mode" was added which enabled a multifilter to perform a record restoration on the fly often required for radio broadcasting. Changes were also made to the functionality of the continuous noise filter whereby new inflexion points could be added to better match the FFT filter curve to that of the sampled noise in order to facilitate its removal without producing digital artifacts.
Other improvements were aimed at novice users or reducing the time required to restore recordings made from old shellac records. These included new and simplified EZ DeClick and EZ DeCrackle filters for repairing unwanted impulse noises. Similarly, a weighting function was added to the median filter which had advantages for both de-crackling a recording and facilitating speech clarification by changing the "timbre" of the sound often required with forensic audio recordings. Other additions included a de-clipping filter and acoustical analysis facilities for spectrograph-voice prints.
DC-6
DC-6 Beta testing began May 2004 and was released in late August 2004. This period saw a significant change to how the various software algorithms were being performed and resulted in increased speed of filter processing (reportedly anywhere from 25 to 100% faster). During this period, there were also a number of simplified filter designs added to aid novice users with the basics of record restoration. This included the introduction of an EZClean filter that de-clicked, de-hissed and removed residual hum from a record in one step.
Similarly, the Live/Forensic edition saw a number of additional improvements relating to forensics work. This included dual logging of incoming un-processed and out-going processed audio streams, time domain and frequency domain adaptive filter algorithms for separating human voice from significant background noise. It is also possible that DC-6 was the first to boast a new “Auto-continuous noise” FFT algorithm that would automatically calculate the noise fingerprint of a recording “on the fly” and update it on a continuous basis. Whilst this method was deemed not as effective for removing noise compared to the other traditional techniques, the convenience it provided to novice or time-restricted users and the additional ability to adapt to changing noise environments outweighed the noise reduction performance limitations.
AFDF/VVA VST plugin
In 2006 several of the audio enhancement tools previously only available in the DC-Art line were trialed and released as VST plugin devices for use in other VST plugin compatible audio software. These plugins included a suite of powerful digital signal processing (DSP) audio tools including the Automatic Frequency Domain Filter (AFDF) as well as the Virtual Valve Amplifier (VVA). These tools were readily welcomed especially the AFDF due to its ability to automatically adapt itself to noisy files and remove large amounts of noise with little intervention from the user. The AFDF filter found its application in situations where voice recordings were obscured by noise and needed to separated from cacophonous environmental sounds in order to make them audible and understandable. This was primarily because it was designed as an “Adaptive” filter that constantly changed during operation, adjusting itself to the noisy environment. Unlike other filters offered in the DC-Art range, the AFDF is optimized for Forensics recordings and not “High Fidelity” files. As such, it was programmed to exhibit a faster response time and a narrower effective bandwidth while producing higher levels of noise reduction at the expense of potentially producing higher levels of digital artifacts. Applications included recordings collected by law enforcement officials and others responsible for cleaning up poorly recorded evidence in a short time for accurate presentation at trials.
DC-7
DC-7 began beta testing in July 2007 and was later released in October 2007. It boasted a significantly different algorithm included into the FFT-based continuous noise filter called "Artifact Suppression" mode. The new algorithm reportedly reduced the aliasing and artifacting that often accompanies noise reduction with such filters. Of equal significance was the introduction of a simple Virtual Phono Preamp for accurate and simplified equalization of almost any record format. Another milestone was the development and inclusion of an "EZ Enhancer" filter which simplified the otherwise difficult process of sound enhancement that often follows the noise reduction process. DC-7 also introduced a simple "Tune Library" which allowed a user to catalogue the progression and restoration of audio files in a database style view. Somewhere along the line it was also decided to include the Spectrogram View previously only found in the DC-Forensics range with the basic audio restoration/Live software version to aid in manual impulse noise removal and other challenging operations. Together, these changes provided very successful and popular in the field of audio restoration tools and was likened to the transition "from regular television to High Definition".
DC7.5
DC-7 was further evolved to DC-7.5 which was released for beta testing in November 2008. It included a number of improvements namely the addition of a narrow crackle filter for smoothing the sound of recordings made on old shellac records. Other modifications included better discrimination of impulse noise filters in the presence of Brass/voice solos and the FFT-based continuous noise filter which was also modified to include a larger range of FFT filter sizes (from 32 to 1600+ frequency bins). Similarly, a number of other restorations were updated and improved before being made available to the public in January 2009.
DC-8
DC-8 is the latest of the Diamond Cut Audio Restoration Software releases. DC8 was released for private beta testing in late November 2009. Due to a number of significant changes to the core of the program, rigorous beta testing took several months delaying the final release to March 2010. DC8 included a number of novel and innovative advances including a "Big Click Filter" for automatically repairing extremely large clicks created by a cracked or badly gouged record. DC8 also introduced the concept of a Direct Spectral Editor tool to provide users with the ability to manually attenuate or interpolate very long-lived noise events on recordings like coughs, whistling, chair movement and other unwanted spurious signals. In addition, the spectral editing tool has other uses in audio restoration including the selective removal of record “swoosh” sounds that are otherwise unable to be removed without significant audio fidelity degradation. The DSE tool has been discontinued in the United States versions, but is available elsewhere throughout the world.
Other improvements included changes to the performance of the manual impulse noise interpolator through the use of a combination of time and frequency domain techniques. DC8 also included file support for Broadcast Wave Formats (BWF), Flac, and Ogg Vorbis. The Virtual Phono Preamplifier was also expanded to include 49 additional LP EQs recording curves usable with either RIAA or Flat Preamp front-end hardware. Of the novel additions was the inclusion of the “Sub-Harmonic Synthesizer” and the “Overtone Synthesizer”. These two filters generate harmonic frequencies to re-create the lost lower and upper octaves of a recording improving the fidelity of a restoration.
See also
List of music software
References
External links
Acoustics software
Hippocrepis emerus, the scorpion senna, is a species of perennial plant belonging to the genus Hippocrepis in the family Fabaceae.
Description
Hippocrepis emerus reaches on average of height, with a maximum of . The plant has a lignified stem with green branches bearing five to nine leaflets. These leaves are glossy, obovate, and imparipinnate, with their maximum width being above the middle and often larger extremities. The pale yellow flowers are arranged in groups of 1 to 5, and measure long. The petals are "nailed", meaning they have a long handle ("nail") and a "plate". The nails of the petals are two to three times longer than the calyx. These plants are hermaphroditic and entomophilous, and their flowering period extends from April through July. Their legumes (seed pods) are oblong-cylindrical and long, with three to twelve segments.
Distribution
This plant occurs in northeastern Spain and in central Mediterranean countries up to northern Europe and to Asia Minor and Tunisia.
Habitat
These shrubs are usually found in wooded and bushy areas, on sunny, warm and dry slopes and around forest edges. They can be found at an altitude of .
Food source
H. emerus is one of the main host plants of the moth Zygaena ephialtes.
Gallery
References
Pignatti S. - Flora d'Italia - Edagricole – 1982. vol. III
Tutin, T. G., eds. 1964 -1980 - Flora europaea
External links
Biolib
Hippocrepis
emerus
Flora of Italy
Flora of Malta
The orange-breasted fruiteater (Pipreola jucunda) is a species of bird in the family Cotingidae native to Colombia and Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is a plump green bird about long. Males have a glossy black head and bib, an orange throat and yellow belly. Females lack the dark head and have green upper parts and green and yellow streaked underparts. Both sexes have orange beaks and greyish-green legs. This is a relatively common species with a wide range, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being of "least concern".
Description
The male orange-breasted fruiteater has a glossy black head and throat and green upper parts. The breast is bright orange and the belly yellow with green mottling at the side. The female is similar in appearance to the female masked fruiteater with green upper parts and green and yellow streaked underparts. Both sexes have yellow eyes, orange bill and greyish-green legs. This bird grows to a length of about . The song is similar to that of the black-chested fruiteater, a high-pitched ascending "pseeeeeweet".
Distribution and habitat
This species is native to the foothills and slopes of the western side of the Andes in South America. Its range extends from southwestern Colombia to southwestern Ecuador, mainly between the altitudes of above sea level. This fruiteater is usually found in the understorey of dense, wet, mossy forests.
Ecology
The orange-breasted fruiteater is sometimes seen in small flocks with other species. It feeds largely on fruit which it either eats while perching on a branch or while hovering rather clumsily. Cup-shaped nests have been found about above the ground but little is known of this bird's breeding habits.
Status
The International Union for Conservation of Nature rates the orange-breasted fruiteater as being of "least concern", on the grounds that the bird has a reasonably-large range and is fairly common within that range, and its population seems to be steady.
References
orange-breasted fruiteater
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
orange-breasted fruiteater
orange-breasted fruiteater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
"The Dragon", by the Iraqi poet Abd al-Wahhab Al-Bayyati (1926–1999), was originally published in 1996. The translation by Farouk Abdel Wahab, Najat Rahman, and Carolina Hotchandani is from the volume Iraqi Poetry Today () (c) 2003, edited by Saadi Simawe.
"The Dragon" is an example of al-Bayyati's frequent incorporation of mythological figures into their poetry.
See also
Iraqi literature
1996 in poetry
External links
Text of "The Dragon" with commentary and links
1996 poems
Dragons in popular culture
Martin Spöttl (born 23 November 1975) is a former professional tennis player from Austria.
Biography
Spöttl, a right-handed player from Dornbirn, began competing on the professional tour in 1994.
They won their way through qualifying to make their ATP Tour main draw debut at the 1999 Merano Open, where they beat Eduardo Medica and then Markus Hipfl to make the quarter-finals. Their performances in Challenger tournaments in 1999, which included a runner-up finish at the Tampere Open, helped give them an end of year ranking of 201, having started the season ranked outside the world's top 500.
In 2000 they reached their best ranking of 181 and qualified for two further ATP Tour main draws, at the Gold Flake Open in Chennai and Chevrolet Cup in Santiago.
Retiring in 2001, Spöttl now works as a tennis coach.
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Austrian male tennis players
Austrian tennis coaches
People from Dornbirn
Sportspeople from Vorarlberg
Honor Among Men is a 1924 American silent film directed by Denison Clift and starring Edmund Lowe, Claire Adams and Sheldon Lewis.
Cast
Edmund Lowe as Prince Kaloney
Claire Adams as Patricia Carson
Sheldon Lewis as King Louis
Diana Miller as Countess Zara De Winter
Frank Leigh as Renauld
Fred Becker as Col. Erhaupt
Paul Weigel as Baron Barrat
Hector V. Sarno as Nichols
Fred Malatesta as Count De Winter
Walter Wilkinson as Little Crown Prince
References
Bibliography
Solomon, Aubrey. The Fox Film Corporation, 1915-1935. A History and Filmography. McFarland & Co, 2011.
External links
1924 films
Films directed by Denison Clift
American silent feature films
Fox Film films
American black-and-white films
Films based on American novels
1924 drama films
1920s English-language films
1920s American films
Comedy Superstar is an Indian stand-up comedy competition reality television series, which premiered on August 22, 2015, and was broadcast on SAB TV. The series was produced by Pyramid Films and directed Arun Sheshkumar. The series was a talent hunt, which provided a platform to the stand-up comedians from all over India to showcase their comic skills and win the title of Comedy Superstar
The series was hosted by Sudeepa Singh and Jay Soni, while Sushmita Sen, Sonu Sood and Shekhar Suman were the judges of the show.
Sanjeev Attri From (Pathankot.Punjab) won the title of India's first Comedy Superstar, while Vikas Giri was the first runner-up, Rajeev Goldy was the second runner-up and Pushpinder Zira was the third runner-up.
Hosts
Sudeepa Singh
Jay Soni
Music
Comedy Superstar title track Sung By Bollywood Playback Singer Amika Shail.
Judges
Sushmita Sen
Sonu Sood
Shekhar Suman
References
2015 Indian television series debuts
Indian reality television series
Indian stand-up comedy television series
Hindi-language television shows
Sony SAB original programming
The Venezuelan bristle tyrant (Pogonotriccus venezuelanus) is a species of passerine bird in the family Tyrannidae. This species is sometimes placed in the genus Phylloscartes. It is endemic to Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Venezuelan bristle tyrant
Birds of the Venezuelan Coastal Range
Endemic birds of Venezuela
Venezuelan bristle tyrant
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The following lists events that happened with or in collaboration with the United Nations and its agencies in the year 2019.
Leadership
Secretary General of the United Nations
António Manuel de Oliveira Guterres ()
Deputy Secretary General of the United Nations
Amina Jane Mohammed ()
President of the General Assembly
María Fernanda Espinosa Garcés ()
Tijjani Muhammad-Bande () (As of 17 September 2019)
President of the Economic and Social Council
Inga Rhonda King ()
United Nations Agencies
Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA)
Natalia Kanem ()
Secretary General of the United Nations World Tourism Organization (UNWTO)
Zurab Pololikashvili ()
Secretary General of the World Meteorological Organization (WMO)
Petteri Taalas ()
United Nations Offices
Under-Secretary-General for the United Nations Office of Internal Oversight Services (OIOS)
Heidi Mendoza ( Philippines)
International Observances
International Years
International Year of Indigenous Languages
International Year of Moderation
International Year of the Periodic Table of Chemical Elements
International Decades
United Nations Decade of Family Farming (2019-2028)
International Decade for Action "Water for Sustainable Development" (2018-2028)
Third United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (2018-2027)
United Nations Decade of Action on Nutrition (2016-2025)
Third Industrial Development Decade for Africa (2016-2025)
International Decade for People of African Descent (2015-2024)
United Nations Decade of Sustainable Energy for All (2014-2024)
Decade of Action for Road Safety (2011-2020)
Third International Decade for the Eradication of Colonialism (2011-2020)
United Nations Decade on Biodiversity (2011-2020)
United Nations Decade for Deserts and the Fight against Desertification (2010-2020)
Events
January
1 January: The United States and Israel formally withdraw from the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization.
February
26 February: Sweden and Switzerland co-host the third High-Level Pledging Event for the Humanitarian Crisis in Yemen raising $2.6 billion USD.
March
11 March - 23 March: 63rd Session of the Commission on the Status of Women addressed the priority theme of "Social protection systems, access to public services and sustainable infrastructure for gender equality and the empowerment of women and girls."
April
11 April: The 100th Anniversary of the International Labor Organization was celebrated with day long events spanning four continents.
22 April - 3 May: 18th Session of the United Nations Permanent Forum for Indigenous Issues in New York on the theme of "Traditional knowledge: Generation, transmission and protection."
May
6 May - 10 May: 14th Session of the United Nations Forum on Forests
30 May: Secretary General António Guterras is awarded the Charlemagne Prize for their work as former Portuguese Prime Minister and with the United Nations.
June
7 June: The 2019 Security Council Elections saw Niger, Tunisia, Vietnam, Estonia, and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines elected to five non-permanent seats. Notably St. Vincent and the Grenadines sets a new record as the smallest ever Security Council seat holder.
21 June: The Centenary International Labor Conference adopted ILO Convention 190 Concerning the Elimination of Violence and Harassment in the World of Work.
July
17 July: The World Health Organization declares the 2019 Kivu Ebola Outbreak in the Democratic Republic of the Congo a Public Health Emergency of International Concern.
August
26–28 August: The 68th United Nations Civil Society Conference takes place in Salt Lake City, Utah. The first US city to host the conference outside of New York City, New York.
28 August: Youth climate activist Greta Thunberg arrives in New York City, United States for the United Nations Climate Action Summit after sailing across the Atlantic on the Malizia II. Greeted by 17 sailboats representing the Sustainable Development Goals.
September
9–13 September: The 23rd General Assembly of World Tourism Organization (UNWTO) in Saint Petersburg, Russia drawing over 1,300 high-level participants. It led to the adoption of the first ever Global Convention on Tourism Ethics and marks the first time electronic voting was introduced at a UNWTO General Assembly, replacing paper ballots.
17 September: Tijjani Muhammad-Bande starts their term as President of the 74th session of the General Assembly.
24-25 September: The Third Extraordinary Congress of the Universal Postal Union convenes in Geneva Switzerland. It is only the third meeting of the 145 year old international body that serves postal service providers.
October
November
6 November: Commissioner-General Pierre Krahenbuhl head of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees (UNRWA) resigned following an investigation by the U.N. Office of Internal Oversight Services on the "misappropriation of operational funds." Secretary General Guterres appointed Christian Saunders, the agency's acting deputy commissioner general, as officer-in-charge for the interim period.
12-14 November: The Nairobi Summit on the 25th anniversary of the International Conference on Population and Development gathers to mobilize the political will and financial commitments in the pursuit of sexual and reproductive health and rights.
20 November: World Children's Day celebrates the 30th anniversary of the adoption of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child, the most widely adopted Human Rights treaty in the world.
December
2–13 December: The 2019 United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP25) is scheduled to be held in Madrid, Spain under the presidency of Chile. It incorporates the 25th Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), the 15th meeting of the parties for the Kyoto Protocol (CMP15), and the second meeting of the parties for the Paris Agreement (CMA2). Various environmental pressure groups including the Extinction Rebellion, have scheduled protests outside the conference venue.
References
External links
UN News
International Observances
United Nations by year
Subject to Change is the debut album by the Ohio nu metal band Switched. It was released on February 26, 2002 via Immortal Records and went on to sell over 40,000 copies in US.
On January 10, 2006 the album was re-released. This revised version, released on January 10, 2006 via Corporate Punishment Records contains four bonus tracks and two enhanced music videos for the single "Inside".
Track listing
All songs written by Ben Schigel.
"Inside" – 3:50
"Four Walls" – 4:22
"Walk Away" – 2:56
"Religion" – 5:20
"10 Dead Fingers" – 3:24
"Reflections" – 3:39
"Anymore" – 3:44
"Skins" – 3:34
"Wrongside" – 3:39
"Last Chance" – 4:02
"Exterminate" – 3:40
"Darkening Days" – 3:39
Re-release
"Spread" – 3:42
"Walkaway" (Howard Benson Mix) – 3:01
"Inside" (Howard Benson Mix) – 3:11
"Inside" (Rick Will Mix) – 3:28
Note: Tracks 13-15 are bonus tracks, which did not appear on the album's original version. track 16 was originally on the same track as "Darkening Days" as a hidden song with prolonged silence separating the two.
Personnel
Ben Schigel - Vocals
Brad Kochmit - Guitar
Joe Schigel - Guitar
Chad Szeliga - Drums
Shawn May - Bass
Jason French - Bass (for "Walk Away" only)
References
2002 debut albums
Switched (band) albums
Immortal Records albums
Braziliana is a 1965 album by Brazilian guitarist Luiz Bonfá and their wife, singer Maria Toledo, of songs mainly composed by Bonfá and Toledo, produced by Bobby Scott. The backing musicians included drummers Hélcio Milito and Dom Um Romão. Stereo Review accorded it a Recording of Special Merit. The album was recorded after the success of the 1964 Getz/Gilberto album, and increased interest in samba and bossa nova in Europe. After being out of print for many years the LP was reissued as CD in the Verve Originals series in 2008.
Track listing
A1 "Whistle samba" – Bonfá with Toledo (vocalise – no lyrics)
A2 "Tanto amor" – Bonfá, Reinaldo Dias Leme
A3 "Samba de Orfeu" – Bonfá, lyrics Antonio Maria
A4 "Pierrot" – Bonfá Toledo
A5 "Boticario" – Bonfá Toledo
A6 "Cavaquinho" – Bonfá Toledo
A7 "Improviso" – Bonfá Toledo
B1 "Promessa" – Bonfá Toledo
B2 "Sugar Loaf" – Bonfá
B3 "Saudade" – Bonfá Toledo
B4 "Guanabara" – Bonfá
B5 "Pequeno olhar" – Bonfá Toledo
B6 "Baroco" – Bonfá Toledo
B7 "Sambura" – Bonfá Toledo
Personnel
Hélcio Milito - first drummer
Doum - second drummer
References
1965 albums
Luiz Bonfá albums
Philips Records albums
Josh Lawrenson (born 20 November 2002) is a cricketer who plays for Jersey. In November 2019, they were named in Jersey's squad for the Cricket World Cup Challenge League B tournament in Oman. They made their List A debut, for Jersey against Italy, on 6 December 2019.
In June 2022, they were named in Jersey's squad for the 2022 Uganda Cricket World Cup Challenge League B tournament. On 21 June 2022, in Jersey's match against Italy, Lawrenson scored their first century in List A cricket, with 102 not out.
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Jersey cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Gremsdorf is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.
References
Erlangen-Höchstadt
Chaqu () may refer to:
Chaqu-ye Akhvani
Chaqu-ye Bala
Jangy-Bazar may refer to the following places in Kyrgyzstan:
Jangy-Bazar, Jalal-Abad, a village in Chatkal District, Jalal-Abad Region
Jangy-Bazar, Osh, a village in Nookat District, Osh Region
The Texas Longhorns softball team represents The University of Texas at Austin in NCAA Division I intercollegiate softball competition. The Longhorns currently compete in the Big 12 Conference.
The University of Texas began varsity intercollegiate competition in softball in 1997; the softball team competed as a club team for one year in 1996. Texas has an all-time varsity win–loss record of 986–435–3 () as of the end of the 2021 season. The Longhorns have won four regular season conference championships and four conference tournament championships in softball. (The Big 12 did not hold a softball tournament during the 2011 to 2016 seasons.) Texas has made 22 total appearances in the NCAA Tournament in 26 seasons of varsity competition, reaching the Women's College World Series (WCWS) six times (1998, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2013, 2022) and the super regional round, which was introduced in 2005, on eight occasions.
The Longhorns play their home games at Red & Charline McCombs Field, where they have compiled a record of 519–137–2 () as of the end of the 2021 season. Texas hired fourth-year head coach Mike White, formerly head coach of the Oregon Ducks, on June 25, 2018.
History
Coaching history
Championships
Conference Championships
Conference Tournament Championships
Coaching staff
All-time season results
Information Source: 2019 Texas Longhorns Softball Media Guide – All-Time Series Records section
All-time series records
Big 12 members
*Through April 2, 2021.
Information Source: 2019 Texas Longhorns Softball Media Guide – All-Time Series Records section
2019 Season Results
Former Big 12 members
*Through May 25, 2019.
Information Source: 2019 Texas Longhorns Softball Media Guide – All-Time Series Records section
2019 Season Results
Individual honors, awards, and accomplishments
National honors and awards
National Player of the Year
Texas is the only program in the NCAA with three USA Softball Collegiate Player of the Year awards. Pitcher Cat Osterman, who won the award all three times, is the only player in NCAA history to have won the award more than twice.
Conference awards and honors
Sources:
Big 12 Player of the Year
Amy Hooks, 2011
Taylor Thom, 2014
Big 12 Pitcher of the Year
Cat Osterman, 2002, 2003, 2005, 2006
Blaire Luna, 2010
Big 12 Freshman of the Year
Jodi Reeves, 1997
Lindsay Gardner, 2000
Cat Osterman, 2002
Chez Sievers, 2003
Blaire Luna, 2010
Taylor Thom, 2011
Tiarra Davis, 2014
Big 12 Defensive Player of the Year
Megan Willis, 2006, 2007
Big 12 Newcomer of the Year
Christa Williams, 1998
Big 12 Coach of the Year
Connie Clark, 2002, 2006, 2010
Home Field
Through 2019 Season
Attendance Record
Through 2022 Season
No-Hitters
Texas pitchers have thrown 52 no-hitters, including 11 perfect games.
Retired numbers
Notes
Sport clubs established in 1997
1997 establishments in Texas
Luciano Castellini (; born 12 December 1945) is an Italian former football manager and former football player who played as a goalkeeper.
Club career
Castellini was born in Milan. During their club career they initially played for Monza (1965–70), winning the Serie C title, and promotion to Serie B during the 1966–67 season. They later made their Serie A debut with Torino (1970–78) on 30 August 1970, in a 1–0 away win over Ternana; during their time with the club, they won the Coppa Italia in 1971, and the Serie A during the 1975–76 season, collecting 201 Serie A appearances over eight seasons with the club, and 267 club appearances across all competitions.
They ended their career with Napoli (1978–85), after seven seasons with the club, collecting 203 appearances in Serie A. In total, they made 404 appearances in Serie A, and they are one of the few players to have made over 200 appearances with two different clubs, which they managed both with Torino and Napoli. During their third season with Napoli, Castellini went unbeaten for 531 consecutive minutes, which at the time, was a record bettered only by Dino Zoff, who had gone unbeaten for 590 minutes.
International career
Castellini was included in the Italy national football team for the 1974 FIFA World Cup; they were an unused substitute, behind Dino Zoff and Enrico Albertosi, who kept them out of the national side. They earned the only international cap in their career on 26 January 1977, coming on as a substitute in a 2–1 win over Belgium.
Managerial career
In 1997, they coached Inter for the last two Serie A matches, after the dismissal of Roy Hodgson, helping the club to a third-place finish in Serie A.  They are currently a member of the Italy U21 staff, and they have also worked with the Inter youth side as a goalkeeping coach, and as a scout, since 1989.
Style of play
Castellini was an agile, courageous, flexible, and acrobatic goalkeeper, who possessed excellent reflexes, and who excelled in the air due to their athletic ability; they were also known for their speed when rushing off their line, as well as their ability to come out and punch the ball out of the area. During their time at Torino, they were given the nickname "The Jaguar" by the fans, due to their diving and shot-stopping ability. Considered one of the best Italian goalkeepers of their generation, they are also regarded by many pundits and fans as one of Torino's best goalkeepers, and also as Napoli's greatest goalkeeper of all time, despite being unable to win a trophy with the latter club, and was awarded the league's "Best goalkeeper" award by Guerin Sportivo on several occasions for their performances.
Honours
Club
Torino
Serie A: 1975–76
Coppa Italia: 1970–71
Monza
Serie C: 1966–67
Individual
Guerin d'Oro: 1980
Torino F.C. Hall of Fame: 2016
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
Footballers from Milan
Italian footballers
1974 FIFA World Cup players
Italy international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
A.C. Monza players
Torino F.C. players
S.S.C. Napoli players
Serie A players
Serie B players
The Battle of Satara was fought between the Mughal Empire and Maratha Empire between 1699–1700. The battle started when the Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb personally marched towards Satara, accompanied by 10,000 Mughal soldiers. They aimed to finally capture Satara, the center of the Maratha realm. The Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb then ordered for an attack on the fort of Satara. The Mughals destroyed major parts of the fortress and many of the other Mughal Forces surrounded and marched towards the further Maratha forts. Seeing this, the Maratha commander Dhanaji Jadhav finally surrendered the Satara fort on 21 April 1700, and rushed to protect the further Maratha Forts to which Mughal forces marched and surrounded. The Mughals captured the Satara fort and the battle was a victory for the Mughals.
References
Satara
Satara
1700 in India
Satara (city)
Okoge may refer to:
Okoge (food)
Okoge (film), a 1992 gay-themed Japanese film
Okoge, a Japanese slang term meaning fag hag
Sir Kenneth Henry Clucas (18 November 1921 – 27 August 2010) was an English civil servant. After retiring in 1982, they served as chairperson of the National Association of Citizens Advice Bureaux.
Early life and education
They were born in Faversham, Kent, the son of Rev. John Henry Clucas, a Methodist minister, and their wife, Ethel Sim. They were educated at Kingswood School in Bath, where they became head boy. Their education was interrupted by the Second World War. Called up at age 19, they served as an officer in the Royal Signals from 1941 to 1946. They were mentioned in dispatches, which they insisted was not for any braveness against the enemy but for a "bold effort to sort out organisational weaknesses in the Signals Office."
Following the war, they went to Emmanuel College, Cambridge, to read English literature. However, their university life was cut short when they were successful in the Civil Service exam, which they sat for entry to the Administrative Class. The Civil Service Commission would not permit them to stay on at Cambridge, but fortunately for him, the Ministry of Labour allowed them to remain at Cambridge long enough to sit a special exam and gain a first-class degree.
Career
After joining the Ministry of Labour in 1948, they were posted to the British Embassy in Cairo in 1950, serving as Assistant Labour Attaché before joining HM Treasury in 1952 as a principle. Over the next decade, they rose from to the rank of Deputy Secretary after outstanding performance in three high-profile posts. After serving as Principal Private Secretary to the Minister of Labour, from 1962–66, they were head of the division responsible for legislation introducing widespread changes in industrial training. They then served as Secretary of the National Board for Prices and Incomes (NBPI) from 1968–70, an "extremely critical period" for the economic management.
Clucas served as First Civil Service Commissioner (1971–1974), followed by Permanent Secretary of the Department of Prices and Consumer Protection (1974–79) and Permanent Secretary of the Department of Trade and Industry (1979–82).
They retired from the Civil Service in 1982.
Honours
Clucas was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in the 1969 New Year Honours. They were knighted in the same order in the 1976 New Year Honours.
Personal life
In 1960, Clucas married Barbara Hunter, the eldest daughter of Rear-Admiral Raymond Paul Hunter of the U.S. Navy. They had two daughters: Jill Amanda (born 1967) and Susan Alison (born 1971).
They died aged 88, after suffering from Parkinson's disease.
References
1921 births
2010 deaths
People educated at Kingswood School, Bath
Alumni of Emmanuel College, Cambridge
British civil servants
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Neurological disease deaths in England
Deaths from Parkinson's disease
People from Faversham
British Army personnel of World War II
Royal Corps of Signals officers
The Snow Mountains robin (Petroica archboldi), also known as the Snow Mountain robin, is a species of bird in the family Petroicidae. It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
References
Petroica
Birds of Western New Guinea
Birds described in 1940
Taxa named by Austin L. Rand
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ekiciler is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
CAREN (Computer Assisted Rehabilitation Environment) protocol—is a versatile, multi-sensory virtual reality system used for treatment and rehabilitation of human locomotion, or walking, as well as pain, posture, balance spinal stability and motor control integration.
History
MOTEK was founded in 1993 as a privately held motion capture, animation and visualization studio.
The early mission of MOTEK focused on the development and implementation of innovative animation and visualization techniques focusing on real time generation of realistic animation.
The company managed project work to ensure growth without the need for venture capital or going public until 1998. In 1997, MOTEK had applied for a research grant to the European commission in order to develop the system now known as CAREN. This grant was received in 1998 and enabled the development of CAREN's 1st prototype.
The company also received external funding through TWINNING and NPM capital, both Dutch based investment companies.
The 1st production grade CAREN system was sold to the University of Groningen in 2000.
Within the annals of CAREN's beginnings, the technology was being used primarily by scientific and military organizations because of the sheer complexity of its modern intricacies and somewhat complicated testing.
References
Further reading
Virtual reality
Therapy
Early Germanic Literature and Culture is a book edited by Brian O. Murdoch and Malcolm Read. The book was published by Camden House in 2004. It covers anthropological, archaeological and philological aspects of the study on early Germanic culture and literature. The chapters of the book are written by individual specialists in these fields.
See also
Language and history in the early Germanic world
The Early Germans
Sources
External links
Publisher's website
2004 non-fiction books
Germanic studies
Becket is a 1964 British historical drama film about the historic, tumultuous relationship between Henry II of England and their friend-turned-bishop Thomas Becket. It is a dramatic film adaptation of the 1959 play Becket or the Honour of God by Jean Anouilh made by Hal Wallis Productions and released by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Peter Glenville and produced by Hal B. Wallis with Joseph H. Hazen as executive producer. The screenplay was written by Edward Anhalt based on Anouilh's play. The music score was by Laurence Rosenthal, the cinematography by Geoffrey Unsworth and the editing by Anne V. Coates.
The film stars Richard Burton as Thomas Becket and Peter O'Toole as King Henry II, with John Gielgud as King Louis VII, Donald Wolfit as Gilbert Foliot, Paolo Stoppa as Pope Alexander III, Martita Hunt as Empress Matilda, Pamela Brown as Queen Eleanor, Siân Phillips, Felix Aylmer, Gino Cervi, David Weston and Wilfrid Lawson.
Restored prints of Becket were re-released in 30 cinemas in the US in early 2007, following an extensive restoration from the film's YCM separation protection masters. The film was released on DVD by MPI Home Video in May 2007 and on Blu-ray Disc in November 2008. The new film prints carry a Dolby Digital soundtrack, although the soundtrack of the original film, which originally opened as a roadshow theatrical release, was also in stereo.
Becket won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay, and was nominated for eleven other awards, including for Best Picture, Best Director, Best Supporting Actor, and twice for Best Actor.
Background and production
The original French play on which the film is based was given its first performance in Paris in 1959. It opened on Broadway with Laurence Olivier as Becket and Anthony Quinn as King Henry II in a production directed by Peter Glenville, who later went on to direct the film version. The play opened in London in a production by Peter Hall with Eric Porter and Christopher Plummer. O'Toole was originally signed to play Henry II in the production, but broke the contract before rehearsals began to take the lead in David Lean's film of Lawrence of Arabia.
The film was made at Shepperton Studios, England, and on location at Alnwick Castle, Bamburgh Castle and Bamburgh Beach in Northumberland.
Peter O'Toole went on to play King Henry II once more in The Lion in Winter (1968) with Katharine Hepburn as Queen Eleanor.
Siân Phillips, who plays Gwendolen, was Peter O'Toole's wife at the time of filming.
Plot
During the late 12th century, about 100 years after the Norman conquest (1066), the Normans have removed the native ruling class, replacing it with a new monarchy, aristocracy and clerical hierarchy.
Thomas Becket is a Saxon protégé and facilitator to the carousing King Henry II, who transforms into a man who continually invokes the "honour of God". Henry appoints Becket Lord Chancellor to have a close confidant in this position whom they can completely control. Instead, Becket becomes a major thorn in their side in a jurisdictional dispute. Henry finds their duties as king and their stale arranged marriage to be oppressive, and is described as the "perennial adolescent" by the Bishop of London. Henry is more interested in escaping their duties through drunken forays onto the hunting grounds and local brothels.  They are increasingly dependent on Becket, a Saxon commoner, who arranges these debaucheries when they are not busy running Henry's court. This foments great resentment on the part of Henry's Norman noblemen, who distrust and envy this Saxon upstart, as well as the queen and Henry's mother, who see Becket as an unnatural and unseemly influence upon the royal personage.
Henry finds themselves in continuous conflict with the elderly Archbishop of Canterbury, who opposes the taxation of Church property to support Henry's military campaigns in France ("Bishop, I must hire the Swiss Guards to fight for me – and no one has ever paid them off with principles!"). During one of their campaigns in coastal France, they receive word that the old archbishop has "gone to God's bosom". In a burst of inspiration, Henry exercises their prerogative to pick the next Archbishop and informs an astonished Becket that they are the royal choice.
Shortly thereafter, Becket sides with the Church, throwing Henry into a fury. One of the main bones of contention is Thomas' excommunication of Lord Gilbert, one of Henry's most loyal stalwarts, for seizing and ordering the killing of a priest who had been accused of sexual indiscretions with a young girl, before the priest can even be handed over for ecclesiastical trial. Gilbert then refused to acknowledge their transgressions and seek absolution.
The King has a dramatic secret meeting with the Bishop of London in their cathedral ("I have the Archbishop on my stomach, a big hard lump"). They lay out their plan to remove the troublesome cleric through scandal and innuendo, which the position-conscious Bishop of London quickly agrees to (thus furthering Henry's already deep contempt for church higher-ups). These attempts fall flat when Becket, in full ecclesiastic garb, confronts their accusers outside the rectory and routs them, causing Henry to laugh and bitterly note the irony of it all; "Becket is the only intelligent man in my entire kingdom ... and they are against me!" Becket escapes to France where they encounter the conniving yet sympathetic King Louis (John Gielgud). King Louis sees in Becket a means by which they can further their favourite pastime, tormenting the arrogant English. Becket gets to Rome, where they beg the Pope to allow them to renounce their position and retire to a monastery as an ordinary priest. The Vatican is a hotbed of intrigue and political jockeying. The Pope reminds Becket that they have an obligation as a matter of principle to return to England and take a stand against civil interference in Church matters. Becket yields to this decision and asks Louis to arrange a meeting with Henry on the beaches at Normandy. Henry asks Becket whether or not they loved them and Becket replied that they loved Henry to the best of their ability. A shaky truce is declared and Becket is allowed to return to England.
The remainder of the film shows Henry rapidly sinking into drunken fixation over Becket and their perceived betrayal. The barons worsen their mood by pointing out that Becket has become a folk hero among the vanquished Saxons, who are ever restive and resentful of their Norman conquerors. There are comical fights between Henry and their frumpy consort, Eleanor of Aquitaine, their dimwitted son/heir apparent, and their cold-blooded mother, who repeatedly reminds their son that their father would have quickly had someone like Becket done away with for the sake of the realm. During one of their drunken rages they ask "Will no one rid me of this meddlesome priest?" Their faithful barons hear this and proceed quickly to Canterbury, where they put Thomas and their Saxon deputy, Brother John, to the sword. A badly shaken Henry then undergoes a penance by whipping at the hands of Saxon monks.
Henry, fresh from their whipping, informs the barons that the ones who killed Becket will be found and justly punished. They then publicly proclaims to the crowd outside the church of their arrangement for Thomas Becket to be canonized a saint.
Preservation
The Academy Film Archive preserved Becket in 2003.
Cast
Richard Burton – Thomas Becket, Archbishop of Canterbury
Peter O'Toole – King Henry II of England
John Gielgud – King Louis VII of France
Paolo Stoppa – Pope Alexander III
Donald Wolfit – Gilbert Foliot, Bishop of London
David Weston – Brother John
Martita Hunt – Empress Matilda, Henry II's mother
Pamela Brown – Eleanor of Aquitaine, wife of Henry II
Siân Phillips – Gwendolen
Felix Aylmer – Theobald of Bec, Archbishop of Canterbury
Gino Cervi – Cardinal Zambelli
Percy Herbert – Baron
Niall MacGinnis – Baron
Christopher Rhodes – Baron
Peter Jeffrey – Baron
Inigo Jackson – Robert de Beaumont
John Phillips – Bishop of Winchester
Frank Pettingell – Bishop of York
Hamilton Dyce – Bishop of Chichester
Jennifer Hilary – Peasant's daughter
Véronique Vendell – Marie, a French prostitute
Graham Stark – The Pope's Secretary
Jack Taylor – a villager
Victor Spinetti – French tailor
Edward Woodward – Clement
Historicity
Most of the historical inaccuracies in the film are from the play, as Anouilh was writing drama rather than a history, and they took dramatic licence.
The major inaccuracy is the depiction of Becket as a Saxon who has risen to a perceived Norman social standing, when in fact the historical Thomas Becket was a Norman (while Henry was an Angevin). Anouilh did this because they had based the play on a 19th-century account that described Becket as a Saxon. They had been informed of this error before their play was produced, but decided against correcting it because it would undermine a key point of conflict, and because "history might eventually rediscover that Becket was a Saxon, after all."
Becket is depicted as Henry's loyal "drinking pal", who aids them in illicit romantic entanglements, but who becomes saintly and responsible after their appointment as Archbishop. Passing mention is made in the film of the Constitutions of Clarendon (simply as the "Sixteen Articles"); the struggle between Becket and Henry is boiled down to their conflict over Lord Gilbert's murder of the captive priest. In no way is Becket depicted as a man who desired special legal privileges (defrocking rather than prison) for their clergy, as some believe that they are.
Henry's mother, Empress Matilda, died in 1167, three years before the treaty of Fréteval allowed Becket to return in England. Henry appears to not have any respect for their mother and treats them as something of an annoyance, a rather drastic departure from what is generally held as historical fact. Empress Matilda was Henry's sole parent for much of their childhood, and they were instrumental in shaping Henry into the fierce warrior and skilled administrator they are. Far from seeing their mother as a burden, Henry seems to have adored Matilda and relied heavily on their advice and guidance until their death.
Henry's wife, Eleanor of Aquitaine, was in fact beautiful, brilliant and superbly educated, famous for their wit, charm and daring.
 They are shown publicly rebuking Henry in a scene near the end of the film, when in fact Eleanor, whatever private reservations they may have had, is not known to have ever behaved in such a manner in public. During the same scene, they say they will go to their father to complain of Henry's treatment of her; however, their father William X, Duke of Aquitaine had died decades before, when Eleanor was just 15 years old. It was William's death in 1137 that made Eleanor the Duchess of Aquitaine and the most eligible bride of the 12th century, and Henry would not have married them had they not come with Aquitaine. When combined with Henry's own duchies in France, the marriage gave the royal couple control over more land in France than the French Crown possessed at the time. Also, the film only shows four sons of Henry and Eleanor. In actuality, Henry and Eleanor had eight children, five sons and three daughters. While the eldest son, William, had died before the events of the film, the three daughters are neglected.
Production financing
The film grossed $9,164,370 at the box office, earning $3 million in rentals.
Awards and nominations
Legacy
Becket and its spiritual sequel The Lion in Winter were both nominated for Best Picture in their respective years 1964 and 1968. Both lost in years which were considered by many to be Musical Film showdowns, where two high-profile musical films were in contention to win Best Picture: Mary Poppins and winner My Fair Lady against Becket in 1964, Funny Girl and winner Oliver! against The Lion in Winter in 1968.
See also
List of American films of 1964
List of historical drama films
References
External links
Becket re-release official website
1964 films
1960s biographical drama films
1960s historical drama films
British biographical drama films
British historical drama films
1960s English-language films
Cultural depictions of Thomas Becket
Cultural depictions of Eleanor of Aquitaine
Henry II of England
Cultural depictions of Empress Matilda
Films about Catholicism
Films about Catholic priests
Biographical films about English royalty
Films based on works by Jean Anouilh
Films about religion
Films set in England
Films set in the 12th century
Films set in Kent
Best Drama Picture Golden Globe winners
Films featuring a Best Drama Actor Golden Globe winning performance
Films whose writer won the Best Adapted Screenplay Academy Award
Paramount Pictures films
Films directed by Peter Glenville
Films produced by Hal B. Wallis
Epic films based on actual events
Historical epic films
Films scored by Laurence Rosenthal
Martyrdom in fiction
Films with screenplays by Edward Anhalt
1964 drama films
1960s British films
Golchevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Ilezskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 27 as of 2002.
Geography
Golchevskaya is located 34 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Gribovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Lake Hart is actually two separate bodies of water that are joined as one body in very rainy years. The smaller body is circular and is northeast of the main body. The main body is in the shape of a figure eight with an oval body connected by a wide channel of water. Lake Hart is a natural freshwater lake with an surface area. It is bordered on the west by residences in a gated community. On the south and east are residences in the Lake Ashton gated community. To the northeast and north are low-lying areas with no residential development on them. This lake is on the south fringe of Winter Haven, Florida.
There is no public access to Lake Hart, as its shores nowhere border public property. Although there is nowhere for the fishing public to access the lake, the Hook and Bullet website says Lake Gross contains largemouth bass, bluegill and crappie.
References
Hart
Winter Haven, Florida
The 1999 Pan American Women's Handball Championship was the fifth edition of the Pan American Women's Handball Championship, held in Buenos Aires, Argentina from 30 March to 3 April 1999. It acted as the American qualifying tournament for the 1999 World Women's Handball Championship.
Standings
Results
Games of Greenland
Final ranking
References
External links
Results on todor66.com
1999 Women
American Women's Handball Championship
American Women's Handball Championship
H
Sports competitions in Buenos Aires
March 1999 sports events in South America
April 1999 sports events in South America
Sergei Nikolayevich Zhukov (; born 8 May 1967) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player.
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1984 for FC Rubin Kazan.
Honours
Soviet Top League bronze: 1988, 1991.
Russian Premier League runner-up: 1995.
Soviet Cup finalist: 1988, 1989, 1991.
Russian Cup winner: 1996 (played in the early stages of the 1995/96 tournament for FC Lokomotiv Moscow).
European club competitions
With FC Torpedo Moscow.
European Cup Winners' Cup 1989–90: 3 games.
UEFA Cup 1990–91: 6 games, 1 goal.
References
1967 births
Footballers from Kazan
Living people
Soviet footballers
FC Rubin Kazan players
Russian footballers
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Bangladesh
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Russian football managers
FC Torpedo Moscow players
1. FSV Mainz 05 players
Abahani Limited (Dhaka) players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
FC Tyumen players
FC Tom Tomsk players
Soviet Top League players
Russian Premier League players
2. Bundesliga players
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Bangladesh
Association football midfielders
FC Saturn Ramenskoye managers
FC Iskra Smolensk players
Suzan or Susan Anbeh (born 18 March 1970, in Oberhausen) is a German actor best known to English-speaking audiences as the woman who stole Timothy Hutton away from Meg Ryan in the 1995 film French Kiss.
Anbeh was in a relationship with Austrian actor Bernhard Schir. They have a son born in 2000.
They appeared again in the lead role of Heute heiratet mein Ex (2006), a romantic comedy.
Selected filmography
French Kiss (1995)
Maya (2018)
Effigy: Poison and the City (2019)
External links
1970 births
Living people
People from Oberhausen
German film actores
German television actores
20th-century German actores
21st-century German actores
Kortrijk/AZ Groeninge Heliport is a heliport serving AZ Groeninge located in Kortrijk, West Flanders, Belgium.
See also
List of airports in Belgium
List of airports by ICAO code: E
References
External links
Airports in West Flanders
Senator Cohen may refer to:
Dick Cohen (born 1949), Minnesota State Senate
John S. Cohen (1870–1935), U.S. Senator from Georgia
Steve Cohen (born 1949), Tennessee State Senate
William Cohen (born 1940), U.S. Senator from Maine
Joseph J. Hindelang (born November 7, 1945) is a former American college baseball coach and pitcher. Hindelang also played and coached basketball. They played college baseball and basketball at Temple University from 1965 to 1967 for baseball head coach Skip Wilson and basketball head coach Harry Litwack. They then played professional baseball in 1967. They were the head baseball coach and assistant basketball coach at the University of the Sciences from 1978 to 1982, the same positions at Lafayette College from 1983 to 1990 and head baseball coach at Pennsylvania State University from 1991 to 2004. Hindelang also coached varsity baseball and basketball at Chestnut Hill Academy and the William Penn Charter School in Philadelphia.
Playing career
Upon graduation from Abraham Lincoln High School, Hindelang enrolled at Temple University to play basketball and baseball for the Owls.
Coaching career
Hindelang landed their first coaching job in baseball as the head coach at the Philadelphia College of Pharmacy and Sciences in 1978. They were the head coach for 5 years, leading the Devils to a record of 63–48–1. On September 6, 1990, Hindelang was named the head baseball coach at Penn State. On July 16, 2004, Hindelang announced their retirement from coaching.
Head coaching record
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
Temple Owls baseball players
Temple Owls men's basketball players
Oneonta Yankees players
Florida Instructional League Yankees players
USciences Devils baseball coaches
Lafayette Leopards baseball coaches
Penn State Nittany Lions baseball coaches
Baseball players from Philadelphia
Tetrakis(trimethylsilyloxy)silane (TTMS) is an organosilicon compound with the formula Si[OSi(CH3)3]4. This colourless liquid is used as a reagent in organic synthesis.
Application
TTMS can be used for thin film coating with a nanostructured silicon dioxide prepared by plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposition (PECVD) at atmospheric pressure.
References
Siloxanes
Trimethylsilyl compounds
Bohdan Melnyk (; born 4 January 1997) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for club Kisvárda.
Career
Melnyk is the product of the BRW-VIK Volodymyr-Volynskyi School System.
They made their debut for FC Vorskla in a game against FC Karpaty Lviv on 30 April 2016 in the Ukrainian Premier League.
They also played for Ukrainian different youth national football teams.
Career statistics
.
References
External links
Statistics at FFU website (Ukr)
1997 births
Living people
Ukrainian footballers
FC Vorskla Poltava players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Kisvárda FC players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Hungary
Association football midfielders
Vaccaro is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Adolfo Vaccaro (b. 1927), Paraguayan football player and coach
Alessandra Melucco Vaccaro (1940–2000), Italian historian and archaeologist
Andrea Vaccaro (1600–1670), Neapolitan painter of the Baroque period
Angelo Vaccaro (b. 1981), Italian football player
Brenda Vaccaro (b. 1939), American actor
Cris Vaccaro (b. 1958), American professional soccer player
Domenico Antonio Vaccaro (1678–1745), Neapolitan painter, sculptor and architect
Francesco Vaccaro (c. 1636–1675), Bolognese painter and engraver of the Baroque period
Joan Vaccaro, physicist at Griffith University
Kenny Vaccaro, professional gridiron player
Laura Vaccaro Seeger, American children's books author and artist
Leopold Saverio Vaccaro, reconstruction figure in post-World War I Italy
Lorenzo Vaccaro (1655–1706), Neapolitan late-Baroque sculptor
Luciana Vaccaro (born 1969), Italian-Swiss physicist
Luigi Vaccaro (b. 1991), Belgian football player
Mike Vaccaro, sports columnist for The New York Post
Nicolò Maria Vaccaro (1659–1720), Italian Baroque painter
Rodney Vaccaro (b. 1952) American screenwriter and film producer
Sonny Vaccaro (b. 1939), American sports marketing executive
Tony Vaccaro (b. 1922), American photographer
Tracy Vaccaro (b. 1962), American model and actor
Vaccaro Brothers, Honduran banana business people
Pusztaberki is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
Khargone is a city and administrative headquarters of an Khargone district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. The city is located on the bank of the Kunda river and is known for its cotton and chilly (chili pepper) production. It is also known for Navgraha Mandir, a temple devoted to the nav grahas (nine planets). Khargone topped the nation in municipality and received a national award for 'India's Fastest Moving City' under a population of two lakh. Khargone ranked 10th Cleanest city in India in Swachh Survekshan 2020 City ranked the 15th cleanest city in India in Swachh Survekshan 2018 and ranked 17th cleanest city in India in Swachh Survekshan 2017.
History
According to mythology, the name "Nimar" was derived from the word "Nimarya" (निमार्य), which signifies that the land had belonged to both the Aryas and the non-Arya. However, according to another myth, the word "Nimar" has been associated with the place due to the presence of many Neem trees.
At different times in history, the area was ruled by the Kingdoms of Haihayas (हैहय) of Maheshwar, Parmar of Malwa, Ahirs of Asirgarh, Muslims of Mandav, Mughals and Marathas. After the formation of the state of Madhya Pradesh on 1 November 1956, the district came into existence as West Nimar (पश्चिम निमाड़). Later (on 25 May 1998) due to certain administrative needs, the district was divided between Khargone and Barwani.
The population of the district was estimated to be about 1,872,413, according to the census of India 2011.
Tourism
Near 17 Kilometer, Oon is a very old village in which are 99 Bhumija-style temples built by emperor Ballaleshwar. Oon has a MahaLakshmi and Jain temple.
Shantinath temple, Gwaleshwar temple or popularly known as Pavagiri is an ancient Jain temple. The name, Gwaleshwar temple, is derived from the fact the Jain monks used to take shelter in the temple during storms. This temple is a siddh kshetra, believed to be place of nirvana for many Jain monks.
Geography
Khargone is located in the south-west border of Madhya Pradesh, above sea level. It is spread over an area of . Towards the north it borders Dhar, Indore and Dewas districts. Towards the south, it borders Maharashtra, in the east, Khandwa&Mundi and Burhanpur and Barwani in the west. Khargone is in the middle of the Narmada River valley with the Vindhyachal mountain range situated in the north and Satpura in the south. The River Narmada flows along a path of inside the district. Veda and Kunda are the other two main rivers in the district.
Demographics
Khargone is growing fast as a city, and it now includes many flourishing villages. India census, Khargone had a population of 1,16,150. While males constitute 51.44% of the population, females average 49.46%. Khargone has an average literacy rate of 80.9%. This is higher than the national average of 74.04%: male literacy is 87.84%, and female literacy is 75.73%. About 13% of the population is under 6 years of age.
Climate
Khargone has a transitional climate between a tropical wet and dry climate and a humid subtropical climate. Three distinct seasons are observed: summer, monsoon and winter.
Summers are extremely hot and dry in this region, lasting from mid-march to mid-June followed by the monsoon season. The temperatures in summer are usually above during April–May. During these months when temperatures become very high, the dry and hot wind (locally known as "loo") blows in this area, widely affecting the local ecology. The temperature also remains quite high during the night.
The monsoon arrives in late June, with temperatures around and about rainfall. The rainy season is humid and has substantial rainfall. Local people are commonly affected by the flooding of river Kunda, which flows from the outskirts of the city.
Winters start in mid-November and are dry, mild and sunny. Temperatures average about 4–15 °C , but can fall close to freezing on some nights.
Education
Colleges
There are various colleges in the district. These are affiliated with Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalay, Indore (University of Indore) and offer several graduates and postgraduate-level courses. The list includes:
Nimar Institute of Information Technology and Science (NIITS), Khargone
Shree Narayan Institute of Technology (SNIT)
Jawaharlal Nehru Mahavidyalaya
Jawaharlal Institute of Technology, Borawan
Government Post Graduate Degree College
Government Girls Degree College
Shreeji Institute Of Technology and Management College
Alma Computer Khargone
Saikripa Academy Khargone
Devi Rukmini college of Education
Modak Institute of technology
Vikalp Krishi Shikshan Sansthan (Institute of Agriculture), Khargone.
Schools
There are various schools. These are affiliated with CBSE.The list includes:
Aaditya vidya vihar higher secondary school, khargone
Devi Rukmani Higher Secondary School, Khargone
Gokuldas Public School
Kendriya Vidyalaya Khargone
Maharishi Vidya Mandir
Creative Public School
References
External links
Official Website of Khargone District
Shri Mahalaxmi Oon Khargone
Cities and towns in Khargone district
12th-century Jain temples
Cities in Madhya Pradesh
Tomas Löfgren is a world champion Swedish ski-orienteering competitor.
Ski orienteering
They competed at the 2004 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Åsarna/Östersund, where they received a gold medal in the middle distance, and a silver medal in the long course behind Eduard Khrennikov. They finished 6th in the sprint, and 4th in the relay event with the Swedish team.
At the World Cup in Ski Orienteering in 2006 Löfgren finished overall second, behind winner Eduard Khrennikov.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Swedish orienteers
Male orienteers
Ski-orienteers
Central Norfolk was a county constituency in the county of Norfolk. It returned one Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
History
The constituency was created by the Representation of the People Act 1948 for the 1950 general election, and abolished for the February 1974 general election.
Boundaries
1950–1955: The Rural Districts of Forehoe and Henstead, and St Faith's and Aylsham, and in the Rural District of Blofield and Flegg the parishes of Great and Little Plumstead, Postwick, and Thorpe next Norwich.
The Rural District of Forehoe and Henstead was previously part of South Norfolk, the former Rural District of Aylesham was part of North Norfolk, and areas to the north and east of Norwich (the former Rural District of St Faith's and the part of the Rural District of Blofield and Flegg) were part of the abolished constituency of East Norfolk.
1955–1974: As prior but with slightly redrawn boundaries.
On abolition, the Rural District of St Faiths and Aylsham was transferred to North Norfolk, the Rural District of Forhoe and Henstead to South Norfolk and the part of the Rural District of Blofield and Flegg to Yarmouth. Small parts transferred to Norwich North and Norwich South due to expansion of the County Borough.
Members of Parliament
Elections
Elections in the 1950s
Elections in the 1960s
anti-Common Market
Elections in the 1970s
References
Parliamentary constituencies in Norfolk (historic)
Constituencies of the Parliament of the United Kingdom established in 1950
Constituencies of the Parliament of the United Kingdom disestablished in 1974
Christian County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 72,748. Its county seat is Hopkinsville. The county was formed in 1797. Christian County is part of the Clarksville, TN–KY Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
The county is named for Colonel William Christian, a native of Augusta County, Virginia, and a veteran of the Revolutionary War. They settled near Louisville, Kentucky in 1785, and was killed by Native Americans in southern Indiana in 1786.
Jefferson Davis, president of the Confederate States of America, was born in Fairview, Christian County, Kentucky (now part of Todd County) in 1808. United States Vice President Adlai Stevenson I was born in Christian County in 1835.
The present courthouse, built in 1869, replaced a structure burned by Confederate cavalry in 1864 because the Union Army was using it as their barracks.
The United States Supreme Court case Barker v. Wingo, 407 U.S. 514 (1972), arose out of a 1958 double-murder in Christian County, Kentucky.
In 2006 and 2008, tornadoes touched down across northern Christian County, damaging homes in the Crofton area.
In 2017, northwestern Christian County was the point of the greatest eclipse for the solar eclipse of August 21, 2017 that crossed North America. The center was in the Bainbridge/Sinking Fork area of the county, on the Orchardale farm.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water. It is the second-largest county by area in Kentucky and the largest in Western Kentucky.
Adjacent counties
Hopkins County (north)
Muhlenberg County (northeast)
Todd County (east)
Montgomery County, Tennessee (southeast)
Stewart County, Tennessee (southwest)
Trigg County (west)
Caldwell County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 72,265 people, 24,857 households, and 18,344 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 27,182 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 69.92% White, 23.73% Black or African American, 0.52% Native American, 0.91% Asian, 0.32% Pacific Islander, 2.23% from other races, and 2.37% from two or more races. 4.83% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 24,857 households, out of which 41.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.00% were married couples living together, 13.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.20% were non-families. 22.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.12.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.30% under the age of 18, 15.80% from 18 to 24, 30.10% from 25 to 44, 16.00% from 45 to 64, and 9.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,177, and the median income for a family was $35,240. Males had a median income of $25,063 versus $20,748 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,611. About 12.10% of families and 15.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.30% of those under age 18 and 13.50% of those age 65 or over.
Education
Most residents are zoned to Christian County Schools. However residents of Fort Campbell are zoned to Department of Defense Education Activity (DoDEA) schools.
High schools
Christian County High School
Hopkinsville High School
Fort Campbell High School — physically located in Tennessee, but serving the entire Fort Campbell base, and a member of Kentucky's governing body for high school athletics, the Kentucky High School Athletic Association
University Heights Academy (private K-12)
Heritage Christian Academy (private K-12)
Colleges
Hopkinsville Community College
Murray State University (regional campuses in Hopkinsville and Ft. Campbell)
Politics
Communities
Cities
Crofton
Hopkinsville
LaFayette
Oak Grove
Pembroke
Census-designated places
Fairview
Fort Campbell North
Other unincorporated communities
Apex
Bainbridge
Bennettstown
Bluff Spring
Casky
Edgoten
Empire
Fearsville
Fruit Hill
Garrettsburg
Gracey
Hensleytown
Herndon
Honey Grove
Howel
Julien
Kelly
Mannington
Newstead
Saint Elmo
Sinking Fork
Notable people
Greg Buckner, former NBA player
Edgar Cayce, mystic (1877-1945)
Adlai Stevenson I, 23rd Vice President of the United States (1893-1897), was born in Christian County.
Whitney Westerfield, politician
Chris Whitney, former NBA player
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Christian County, Kentucky
References
External links
Community Data and Relocation Info
Economic Development Council- Hopkinsville/Christian County
Chamber of Commerce- Hopkinsville/Christian County
WHVO-AM (Local Radio Station)
History of Christian County
Kentucky counties
1797 establishments in Kentucky
Clarksville metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1797
"We Got Love" is a song by American singer-songwriter Teyana Taylor released as a single on December 6, 2019. A version featuring Lauryn Hill was released on March 13, 2020.
Background
"We Got Love" was originally intended for Taylor's second studio album K.T.S.E.. The track leaked online in June 2018 with a spoken word outro performed by Lauryn Hill. "We Got Love" was later intended to be included on Kanye West's ninth studio album Yandhi. Taylor and West performed the song as a duet during the season 44 premiere of Saturday Night Live to promote Yandhi; the album failed to ever be released. West and Taylor then recorded a music video for "We Got Love" in the TMZ parking lot, but the music video was never released.
On December 5, 2019, Taylor announced through Instagram that "We Got Love" would be released on streaming services at midnight.
Personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal
Kanye West – production
BoogzDaBeast – co-production
E. Vax – co-production
Mike Dean – production
Johan Lenox – additional production, string arrangement, programming
Seven Aurelius – production, keyboards
Yasmeen Al-Mazeedi – violin
Charts
References
2019 singles
Teyana Taylor songs
Lauryn Hill songs
Song recordings produced by Kanye West
Song articles with missing songwriters
The Soho Manufactory () was an early factory which pioneered mass production on the assembly line principle, in Soho, Birmingham, England, at the beginning of the Industrial Revolution. It operated from 1766–1848 and was demolished in 1853.
Beginnings
In 1756, Edward Ruston leased land on Handsworth Heath from the Lord of the Manor. They deepened Hockley Brook, and built a rolling mill powered by it.
In 1761 (or 1764) the "toy" manufacturer Matthew Boulton and their business partner John Fothergill leased the site including a cottage and the mill. The mill was replaced by a new factory, designed and built by the Wyatt family of Lichfield, and completed in 1766. The cottage was later demolished and Boulton's home (Soho House) was built on the site, also by the Wyatts.
Production
The Manufactory produced a wide range of goods from buttons, buckles and boxes to japanned ware (collectively called "toys"), and later luxury products such as silverware and ormolu (a type of gilded bronze).
Steam engines
In 1782, it became the first site with a Watt steam engine with the sun and planet gear. It was also home to the first steam-powered mint, whose presses were subsequently used at the first Birmingham Mint.
Later
In later years, the Manufactory was served by canal at Soho Wharf, at the end of the short Soho Branch of the Birmingham Canal Navigations' Soho Loop.
The manufactory was demolished in 1853 and the site subsequently used for housing.
Cultural references
In the 1990s the television archaeology programme Time Team excavated the foundations, in some of the local back gardens. (Series 4, Ep. 3, 1997)
The Manufactory is featured on the Bank of England £50 note along with Matthew Boulton, James Watt, and the Whitbread Engine.
See also
Soho Foundry
Soho Mint
Old Bess
References
A History of Birmingham, Chris Upton, 1993,
External links
Early photograph: Search for "Soho Manufactory early photograph" from Birmingham Images
Other engravings: Search for "Engraving soho staffordshire" at Birmingham Images
Elevated view: Search for "Button and Silver Plate Works" at Birmingham Images
1761 establishments in England
1853 disestablishments in England
Manufacturing plants in England
History of Birmingham, West Midlands
British companies established in 1761
Manufacturing companies established in 1761
Demolished buildings and structures in the West Midlands (county)
Buildings and structures demolished in 1853
The Stanford–UConn women's basketball rivalry is an intercollegiate basketball rivalry between the Stanford Cardinal and UConn Huskies. The rivalry series is between two of the most successful in women's basketball, as the programs have combined for 13 NCAA titles. Stanford and UConn have met seven times in the NCAA tournament, with six of these postseason meetings occurring in the Final Four. As of 2022, UConn leads the series 12–7.
Series history
After Stanford won the first three meetings, UConn grabbed their first victory in the 1995 tournament, blowing out the Cardinal by a score of 87–60 in the national semifinals. UConn would win its following game over Tennessee for their first national championship.
The teams would meet thrice more in the postseason before the 2010 tournament with the national title at stake. In San Antonio, UConn downed Stanford 53 to 47 to overcome an 8 point halftime deficit and cap off an undefeated season. The following season, the Cardinal snapped the Huskies' 90-game winning streak, a week after Connecticut had broken the previous record of 88 games by UCLA. The loss was the first by UConn since 2008, when Stanford had beaten the Huskies in the 2008 Final Four. The Huskies returned the favor in 2012, ending the Cardinal's 82-game winning steak at Maples Pavilion in a 1-2 ranked matchup.
In 2014, the Cardinal again played spoilers. Stanford defeated the Huskies in overtime to snap UConn's 47-game winning streak. Amber Orrange hit a game-tying 3-pointer in the closing seconds of the second half, sending the game to extra time, and then scored the go-ahead basket in the final two minutes of overtime. The Huskies followed that defeat by reeling off 111 wins in a row, including another victory over the Cardinal in the national semifinals of the 2014 NCAA tournament.
Rival accomplishments
The following summarizes the accomplishments of the two programs.
Game results
References
College basketball rivalries in the United States
UConn Huskies women's basketball
The 1998–99 EHF Women's Champions League was the sixth edition of the modern era of the 1961-founded competition for European national champions women's handball clubs, running from 4 September 1998 to 16 May 1999. Dunaújvárosi NKS defeated Krim Ljubljana in the final to follow the steps of Vasas SC as the second Hungarian club to win the competition. Defending champion Hypo Niederösterreich was defeated by the Slovenians in the semifinals.
Preliminary round
Round of 32
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Quarter-finals
Semifinals
Final
References
Women's EHF Champions League
Ehf Women's Champions League, 1998-99
Ehf Women's Champions League, 1998-99
EHF
EHF
Hato is a barrio in the municipality of San Lorenzo, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 6,945.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Hato barrio was 1,028.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Hato barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of San Lorenzo, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of San Lorenzo, Puerto Rico
The Cyprus grass snake (Natrix natrix cypriaca) is an endangered subspecies of the grass snake (Natrix natrix) and is endemic to the island of Cyprus. Hans-Jorg Wiedl, also known as Snake George, is working hard to save this rare snake and has created an online petition to appeal for help.
References
Natrix
Endemic fauna of Cyprus
Randolph Peltier (born 16 September 1982) is an international footballer from Dominica, who plays as a forward for and the Dominica national football team.
International
International goals
Scores and results list Dominica's goal tally first.
References
External links
Caribbean Football Database profile
1982 births
Living people
Dominica footballers
Dominica international footballers
Association football forwards
Imagine Communications is an Irish internet service provider and telecommunications operator, who provide WiMAX, wireless broadband and resell Eircom telecommunications wholesale packages. The company operates in Ireland, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Austria, Norway and the United States.
Services
Imagine briefly operated the first Irish mobile virtual network, "Cellular 3", which bought airtime from Eircell. A legal challenge ended the arrangement and Imagine exited the mobile market. The "Cellular 3" name was derived from Imagine's de facto position as Ireland's third mobile operator at the time; Meteor Mobile Communications, the third physical operator, had yet to be licensed.
Imagine later became the first company to introduce mobile WiMAX technology to Ireland. As of 2010, the company provides services to 17,000 businesses.
Imagine has affiliations with several brands, including Motorola, HP, and Intel.
Related companies
Clearwire was acquired by Imagine in 2010
Irish Broadband was acquired by Imagine in 2008
Cinergi Telecom was acquired by Imagine in 2007
Subsidiary Gaelic Telecom, which donates a percentage of each bill to a customer's selected GAA club or National school
Access Telecom
Bandwagon (music portal), partially owned as of 2006
Open Solutions provides network administration and related services
References
External links
Official website
Bloomberg Businessweek profile
Telecommunication companies of the Republic of Ireland
Telecommunications in the Republic of Ireland
Mobile virtual network operators
Michal Kravčík (; born 3 February 1956) is a Slovak hydrologist and environmentalist. They were awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize in 1999, for their contributions to the management of the Torysa River.
Career
They graduated at the Civil Engineering Faculty of Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava. They received a Dipl Ing. PhD.. They worked for 8 years at the Slovak Academy of Sciences. They promote ecological solutions for integrated river basin management. Kravčík published numerous works, including "New Water Paradigm – Water for the Recovery of Climate" in 2007.  They are a founding member and Chairman of non-government organization People and Water ().  They are a member of Ashoka.
Proposals
In 1992 the democratic Slovakian government restored an idea from the communist era to build a dam in Tichý Potok on the Torysa river. The project was supposed to provide drinking water for cities in eastern Slovakia and address potential water shortages. The investment would affect the environment and would require the abandonment of four 700-year-old villages. Kravčík objected, claiming that existing drinking water reservoirs had not been used to their full extent, water consumption rate had been decreasing and huge quantities of water were wasted at the stage of distribution. In 1993 they suggested a solution to the problem named "Water for Third Millennium".
In 1994 they proposed "The Blue Alternative". One of the requirements was the decentralisation of power, because water was planned to be distributed by local authorities. Kravčík's plan began by building 35 microbasins, weirs and dams on local streams. They also intended to protect historic villages and to support agriculture. The Slovakian Ministry of Environment rejected their idea.
Kravčík, together with the People and Water NGO, organised summer work camps in 1995 and 1996 in order to build small water reservoirs. Once the construction was finished, the media was invited to the site. The project became even more popular, when People and Water were fined for building without permission. They introduced the "Villages for the Third Millennium" program which included the development of 24 villages. They ran activities such as an organic farm, agrotourism, handicrafts, a fish farm and a reed bed water treatment plant. Kravčík initiated a campaign, "Village and democracy", that included 164 villages in the mountain region of Levoča. They introduced democratic processes and worked to create a sustainable, open society.
In 1998 they entered the national stage, when they organised an educational campaign on the topic of the forthcoming elections. As a result of their actions, the elections were attended by 84% of population and the former prime minister who supported the idea of building the dam in Tichy Potok was defeated.
References
External links
Official website of Goldman Environmental Prize
Michała Kravcik's show in TedX program on the topic of "Water and Life"
Website of an article by Michała Kravcik "New Water Paradigm – Water for the Recovery of Climate”
Website of organization People and Water
1956 births
Living people
Slovak scientists
Hydrologists
Slovak environmentalists
Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava alumni
Goldman Environmental Prize awardees
Danger Close Games (formerly DreamWorks Interactive LLC and EA Los Angeles) was an American video game developer based in Los Angeles. The company was founded in March 1995 as joint venture between DreamWorks SKG and Microsoft (later moved to Microsoft Games) under the name DreamWorks Interactive, with studios in Redmond, Washington, and Los Angeles.
In February 2000, the Los Angeles studio of DreamWorks Interactive was acquired by Electronic Arts and renamed EA Los Angeles, and to Danger Close Games in 2010. The studio's sole responsibility after 2010 was to develop games in the Medal of Honor franchise. When the series was put on hold in January 2013, Danger Close was shut down, with some staff members moving on to DICE LA (now Ripple Effect Studios), a Los Angeles studio of DICE, another subsidiary of Electronic Arts.
History
As DreamWorks Interactive (1995–2000)
DreamWorks SKG and Microsoft announced on March 22, 1995, that they were establishing a videogame development company, DreamWorks Interactive LLC, as a joint venture following a Microsoft investment that acquired a minority stake in DreamWorks SKG as a whole. The studio's operations were to be set up in Los Angeles, California, with a smaller group near Microsoft headquarters in Redmond, Washington. Both Microsoft and DreamWorks initially invested $30 million in the studio, which would soon be employing 75 people.
Steven Spielberg was primarily responsible for negotiations with Microsoft to establish DreamWorks Interactive, which secured funding for the studio. To manage DreamWorks Interactive, Microsoft relocated one of its executive game producers, Alan Hartman, while film industry veteran Glenn Entis served as the studio's CEO following DreamWorks' acquisition of Pacific Data Images. John A. S. Skeel, one of the founders of DreamWorks Interactive, led the Redmond studio, primarily responsible for publishing games developed by independent studios.
On June 1, 1995, DreamWorks SKG and Silicon Graphics formed a $50 million agreement to create a new computer animation system using hardware and software. Initially focused on the movie industry, the alliance between the companies was also connected with the creation of DreamWorks Interactive, which, adding to Microsoft's financing and technologies, would also be used in video games.
According to Leslie Helm of the Los Angeles Times, the company's initial computer game titles were relatively unsuccessful. Its biggest hit by August 1997 was Goosebumps: Escape from Horrorland, with sales of 130,000 units, according to PC Data. Helm called this "a modest success". In 1996, Microsoft moved DreamWorks SKG art director Matt Hall to DreamWorks Interactive with the goal of creating a new first-person shooter game franchise based on the Spielberg concept.
In 1999, the studio saw its most successful release with first-person shooter video game Medal of Honor, published by Electronic Arts on October 31, 1999 for PlayStation. Medal of Honor laid the groundwork for historic war-based combat games, ultimately leading to Activision's Call of Duty series. However, the studio's reputation had been hampered by the 1998 release of Trespasser, a game based on the Jurassic Park franchise. Trespasser had numerous technical flaws in attempting to create a realistic physics engine, and introduced mechanics that were considered awkward at the time of its release, such as the player having separate control of the player-character's limbs. The title sold only 50,000 units and is considered one of the worst video games of all time, and left Steven Spielberg, one of the owners of DreamWorks, in doubt about continuing a video game company.
Under Electronic Arts (2000–2013)
With DreamWorks losing interest in maintaining a video game division, Electronic Arts acquired the Los Angeles studio of DreamWorks Interactive from DreamWorks and Microsoft in February 24, 2000, acquiring the intellectual property and rights of the acclaimed series Medal of Honor from Microsoft/DreamWorks. Analysts at The Wall Street Journal estimate the purchase cost around $10 million. The company was renamed EA Los Angeles and focused on developing titles in the Medal of Honor series, releasing Medal of Honor: Underground the same year. On August 6, 2003, EA Los Angeles moved from their offices in Bel Air to a new campus in Playa Vista. On that campus, the studio was merged with EA Pacific in 2003, and received some employees from previously closed Westwood Studios, leading EA Los Angeles to start working in the Command & Conquer series.
The Redmond studio's operations were consolidated within Microsoft, which at the time was founding its own in-house video game division, Microsoft Games. As a result, DreamWorks Interactive head Alan Hartman became Digital Anvil's head of studio, with remaining DWI Redmond employees moving to the newly founded Turn 10 Studios.
In July 2010, EA Los Angeles was rebranded to Danger Close Games to focus on the development of Medal of Honor games. With the rebranding referencing a term from the Medal of Honor series, the studio would exclusively focus on the Medal of Honor games. Their first project was the 2010 Medal of Honor, which was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360 on October 12, 2010. A follow-up, Medal of Honor: Warfighter, was released on October 23, 2012. In January 2013, Electronic Arts announced that the Medal of Honor series was taken 'out of rotation' and put on hold, following to the poor reception received by Warfighter. With this move, Danger Close was effectively closed; some developers moved to other EA studios, while others left the Los Angeles area. Some senior staff of Danger Close formed the groundwork for DICE LA, a sub-studio of EA DICE, which was formed in May 2013.
Games developed
As DreamWorks Interactive
As EA Los Angeles
As Danger Close Games
References
American companies disestablished in 2013
American companies established in 1995
Electronic Arts
DreamWorks Pictures
1995 establishments in California
2000 mergers and acquisitions
2013 disestablishments in California
Companies based in Los Angeles
Defunct companies based in Greater Los Angeles
Playa Vista, Los Angeles
Video game companies based in California
Video game companies disestablished in 2013
Video game companies established in 1995
Defunct video game companies of the United States
Video game development companies
Former Microsoft subsidiaries
George Field (1777?–1854), was an English chemist. They were born in or about 1777 at Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, of a family long settled in that town, and was educated at St. Peter's school there. When about eighteen years of age they came to London to seek a profession. They thought they saw an opening in the careful application of chemistry to pigments and dyes. War on the continent, by stopping the supply of madder from Holland, threatened to impede their progress. This obstacle, however, led them to consider the nature of its cultivation, and with a well-devised project they waited on Sir Joseph Banks for their advice, and, as they hoped, their co-operation. Sir Joseph, after unsuccessfully attempting to cultivate madder in Essex, had made up their mind that it could not be done in England.
Horticulture and inventions
Field then commenced the cultivation in their own garden, and from roots of their own growth produced beautiful specimens of colouring matter. A contrivance, both mechanical and chemical, was still wanted to reduce the liquor to its finest consistence. Their invention of the ‘physeter' or percolator by atmospheric pressure admirably accomplished this purpose. They exhibited their percolator, together with an improved drying stove and press, before the Society of Arts, and was awarded their gold Isis medal in 1816 ‘for their apparatus for preparing coloured lakes.' Both apparatus are figured and described by them in the Society's ‘Transactions,' xxxiv. 87–94. Oddly enough the percolator was patented by others several years after, and applied to the clearing of sugar. Field continued their application of science to the purposes of the artist with good effect; their dexterity and care in the preparation of delicate colours set all competition at defiance. Among their other inventions may be mentioned their metrochrome and their conical lenses, which produced a continuous rainbow with varied effects of refractions.
Death and bequests
Field died at Syon Hill Park Cottage, Isleworth, Middlesex, on 28 September 1854, aged 77. They bequeathed to the Royal Institute of British Architects six architectural drawings by J. L. Bond; to the Hanwell Lunatic Asylum ‘The Maniac,' by R. Dawes, R.A.; while to the library of London University they gave a portrait of Dr. William Harvey, by Mirevelt.
Writings
Field's reputation as an author rests on their Chromatography; or, a Treatise on Colours and Pigments, and of their Powers in Painting, London, 1835. A revised edition by T. W. Salter, appeared in 1869, and a third by J. S. Taylor, on the basis of Salter's, in 1885. Another professional treatise, their Rudiments of the Painter's Art; or, a Grammar of Colouring (London, 1850), was revised and in part rewritten by R. Mallet in 1870, and again in 1875 by E. A. Davidson, who added sections on painting in sepia, water-colours, and oils. Field's other writings were:
Tritogenea; or, A brief Outline of the Universal System, in vol. ix. of The Pamphleteer (1813–26); 3rd edit., London, 1846.
Dianoia. The third Organon attempted; or, Elements of Logic and Subjective Philosophy, in vol. xii. of the same publication.
The Analogy of the Physical Sciences indicated, in vol. xv. of the same.
Æsthetics; or, the Analogy of the Sensible Sciences indicated, with an appendix on light and colours, in vol. xvii. of the same.
Ethics; or, the Analogy of the Moral Sciences indicated, in vol. xxiii. of the same.
Outlines of Analogical Philosophy, being a primary view of the principles, relations, and purposes of Nature, Science, and Art, 2 vols., London, 1839.
References
External links
Field's (1817) Chromatics, Or, an essay on the analogy and harmony of colours – digital facsimile from the Linda Hall Library
Field's (1835) Chromatography, or, A treatise on colours and pigments – digital facsimile from the Linda Hall Library
Field's (1836) Chromatographie (German) – digital facsimile from the Linda Hall Library
Field's (1858) Rudiments of the painters' art; or a grammar of colouring – digital facsimile from the Linda Hall Library
Field's (1885) Field's Chromatography – digital facsimile from the Linda Hall Library
1777 births
1854 deaths
People from Berkhamsted
English chemists
18th-century English people
19th-century chemists
19th-century English non-fiction writers
English science writers
The Orono Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Stillwater River at its confluence with the Penobscot River in Orono, Penobscot County, Maine. As a part of the Penobscot River restoration and the removal of the Great Works and Veazie dams, the Orono Dam and Stillwater Dam will be upgraded to maintain previous levels of power generation.
References
Dams in Maine
Penobscot River
Buildings and structures in Orono, Maine
Buildings and structures in Penobscot County, Maine
Dams completed in 1960
Malbas Jamous Nawal El Jack (; born 17 October 1988 in Khartoum) is a Sudanese sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. They represented their nation at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
International competitions
Personal bests
200 metres – 23.97 s (2005)
400 metres – 51.19 s (2005)
400 metres hurdles – 57.86 s (2005)
References
1988 births
Living people
Sudanese female sprinters
People from Khartoum
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2015 African Games
Olympic athletes of Sudan
World Athletics Championships athletes for Sudan
African Games bronze medalists for Sudan
African Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Olympic female sprinters
Athletes (track and field) at the 2007 All-Africa Games
Platon Platonovich Zakharchuk (; born 10 September 1972 in Naberezhnye Chelny) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player who works as an assistant coach with FC Orenburg.
They made their professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1989 for FC Torpedo Naberezhnye Chelny.
Honours
Russian Premier League runner-up: 1997, 2001.
European club competitions
UEFA Intertoto Cup 1996 with FC KAMAZ-Chally Naberezhnye Chelny: 6 games.
UEFA Cup 1997–98 with FC Rotor Volgograd: 6 games.
References
1972 births
People from Naberezhnye Chelny
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
FC Rotor Volgograd players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
FC Shinnik Yaroslavl players
FC Sokol Saratov players
Russian Premier League players
Russian football managers
Association football goalkeepers
Sportspeople from Tatarstan
Bartolomé Blanco Márquez (25 November 1914 – 2 October 1936) was a Spanish secretary of Catholic Action and a delegate to the Catholic Syndicates.
Early life
Born on 25 November 1914 in Pozoblanco, Córdoba Province, Spain, Blanco was orphaned as a child, and raised by their aunt and uncle with whom they worked. They were an excellent student, studying under the tutelage of the Salesians. They also served as a lay catechist, and at 18 was elected youth secretary of Catholic Action in Pozoblanco.
Arrest and trial
On 18 August 1936, Blanco was imprisoned while on military leave for refusing to be mobilised in the government's armed forces against Franco's military rebellion of July; on 24 September they were moved to a prison in Jaén. There they were held with fifteen priests and other laypeople. During their trial, Blanco remained true to their faith and their religious convictions. They did not protest their death sentence and told the court that if they lived they would continue being an active Catholic. They were judged, condemned to death and shot on 2 October 1936, charged with refusing to serve in the army in time of war.
Letters they wrote on the eve of their death to their family and to their girlfriend Maruja show their profound faith.
“May this be my last will: forgiveness, forgiveness, forgiveness; but indulgence, which I wish to be accompanied by doing them as much good as possible. Therefore, I ask you to avenge me with the vengeance of a Christian: returning much good to those that have tried to do me evil,” they wrote to their relatives.
According to documents supporting their cause for beatification, Blanco went to the site of their execution barefooted, "in order to be more conformed to Christ.
They kissed their handcuffs, surprising the guards that cuffed him. They refused to be shot from behind. “Whoever dies for Christ should do so facing forward and standing straight. Long live Christ the King!” they shouted as they fell to the ground under a shower of bullets.
Blanco was beatified 28 October 2007 by Pope Benedict XVI.
See also
Christian martyrs
Martyrs of the Spanish Civil War
Blessed Pier Giorgio Frassati
Blessed Alberto Marvelli
Blessed Ivan Merz
Blessed Chiara Badano
Ivo Protulipac
Drina Martyrs
References
1914 births
1936 deaths
People from the Province of Córdoba (Spain)
Martyrs of the Spanish Civil War
Spanish beatified people
20th-century Christian saints
20th-century venerated Christians
Roman Catholic activists
People executed by Spain by firing squad
Prince Joseph Wenzel of Liechtenstein, Count of Rietberg (Joseph Wenzel Maximilian Maria; born 24 May 1995) is the eldest child of Prince Alois of Liechtenstein, the Regent and Hereditary Prince of Liechtenstein, and their wife Sophie, Hereditary Princess of Liechtenstein, Duchess in Bavaria, they are also the eldest grandchild of the current ruling prince of Liechtenstein.
 They are second in the line of succession to the Liechtensteiner throne through their father.
Biography
Prince Joseph Wenzel was born on 24 May 1995 at the Portland Hospital in the West End of London to Hereditary Prince Alois and their wife Hereditary Princess Sophie (née Duchess Sophie in Bavaria). They have three younger siblings: Princess Marie Caroline, Prince Georg and Prince Nikolaus. The Prince is named Joseph Wenzel Maximilian Maria after their ancestor Joseph Wenzel I, Prince of Liechtenstein, their maternal grandfather Prince Max, Duke in Bavaria, their paternal uncle and godfather Prince Maximilian of Liechtenstein, and Virgin Mary.  They are informally known as Prince Wenzel.
Prince Joseph Wenzel was educated at Malvern College, a coeducational boarding school in Worcestershire, England. They graduated from Malvern College in 2014. They spent a gap year pursuing an internship at the United States Senate and travelling to Peru and Bolivia.
Dynastic ties
Since birth, Joseph Wenzel has borne the titles "Prince of Liechtenstein" and "Count of Rietberg."  They are second in line for the throne of Liechtenstein, preceded only by their father, who has been regent since 15 August 2004. However, Joseph Wenzel's grandfather Prince Hans-Adam II formally remains head of state and of the Princely House of Liechtenstein. Upon the accession of their father, Joseph Wenzel would become the hereditary prince (), i.e. the heir apparent to the throne.
Joseph Wenzel is also third in line in the Jacobite succession as successor to the current heir, their maternal grand-uncle Franz, Duke of Bavaria.
Ancestry
References and notes
1995 births
Living people
Princes of Liechtenstein
Liechtenstein Roman Catholics
People educated at Malvern College
People from London
Bill C-31 may refer to the following bills:
"An Act to Amend the Indian Act", a 1985 act amending the Canadian Indian Act
An Act to Amend the Canada Elections Act and the Public Service Employment Act, a 2007 act
"Protecting Canada's Immigration System Act", a 2012 act
An Act to Implement Certain Provisions of the Budget Tabled in Parliament on February 11, 2014 and Other Measures, a 2014 act including provisions on bitcoin
Canadian federal legislation
Robert Nalbandyan (1937–2002) was an Armenian chemist, the co-discoverer of photosynthetic protein plantacyanin, a pioneer in the field of free radicals, and a noted and prolific writer on various subjects in the field of chemistry.
Born in Yerevan, Armenia and educated at Moscow State University in Moscow, Russia, Nalbandyan lived and worked in Yerevan for most of their life, where they also headed a laboratory and lectured. They were recognized as one of Soviet Union's most prominent chemists, and in their research collaborated with fellow chemists in the USSR, US, Europe and Australia. When the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic (SSR) struck for independence in 1989, Nalbandyan became a prominent critic of the nationalist movement, which they felt was foolhardy and was merely agitating the people for political gain. The energy shortage, economic woes, and virtual blockade experienced by the tiny republic after independence seemed to justify their concerns. In 1996 they left the country and emigrated to the United States.
Primarily known in the scientific community for their research work with proteins, Nalbandyan was also recognized among their fellow scientists as a progressive thinker in other fields of chemistry, including neurochemistry.
1937 births
2002 deaths
Scientists from Yerevan
Moscow State University alumni
Armenian emigrants to the United States
Armenian chemists
Nikolai Dmitrjewitsch Dmitrjeff-Orenburgsky or Nikolaj Dmitrievic Dmitriev-Orenburgskij (1 November 1838 in Nizhny Novgorod – 21 April 1898 in Saint Petersburg) was a Russian painter. They spent 1875–1885 living and working in Paris.
Biography
Orenburgsky was one of the fourteen students who decided in 1863 to leave the Imperial Academy of Arts as part of the Revolt of the Fourteen and to form an independent artistic society, the Petersburg Cooperative of Artists (Artel), which preceded the Association of Travelling Art Exhibits, the basis of the peredvizhniki circle.
Orenburgsky is known for the military themes that predominated their work after they participated in the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78, and for paintings depicting Russian village life (the lives of simple people, the peasants, in specific).
In the project documenting The World's Columbian Exposition of 1893, in which some of their Russian village life paintings were exhibited, it is so commented of Dmitriev-Orenburgsky's work: "A noticeable feature is the air of sadness depicted in scenes of Russian life, even in those which portray its more cheerful phases. Thus in "Sunday in a Village", by Dmitrieff-Orenbursky, where peasants are trying to make merry, we can see that they are only trying, and with indifferent success", and it is commented furthermore: "To stand before this canvas is to have very much the sensation of being set down in a Russian village on a Sunday afternoon".
Dmitriev-Orenburgsky's work is collected and exhibited, inter alaia, in the Hermitage Museum, The Russian Museum, the Military Historical Museum and The Museum of Russian Art.
Works
References
External links
Nikolai Dmitriev-Orenburgsky at the wikimedia Commons
Meet the Artist: Nikolai Dmitriev-Orenburgsky, for more detailed biography
Nikolai Dmitrievich Dmitriev-Orenburgsky at Artnet website.
1838 births
1898 deaths
19th-century painters from the Russian Empire
Russian male painters
Modern artists
Russian war artists
19th-century male artists of the Russian Empire
Lucius Hre Kung (born 4 February 1959) is a Burmese Roman Catholic bishop.
Ordained to the priesthood in 1989, Hre Kung was named bishop of Roman Catholic Diocese of Hakha, Burma on 19 October 2013.
References
1959 births
Living people
People from Chin State
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Myanmar
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Tin Flute (original French title Bonheur d'occasion, literally "secondhand happiness") is the first novel by Canadian author Gabrielle Roy and a classic of Canadian fiction. Imbued with Roy's brand of compassion and understanding, this story focuses on a family in the Saint-Henri slums of Montreal, its struggles to overcome poverty and ignorance, and its search for love.
A story of familial tenderness, sacrifice, and survival during World War II, The Tin Flute won both the Governor General's Award and the Prix Femina of France. The novel was made into a critically acclaimed motion picture in 1983. It was originally published in French as Bonheur d'occasion (literally, "secondhand happiness"), which represents the character's sense of rebound love in the novel.
Bonheur d'occasion gave a starkly realistic portrait of the lives of people in Saint-Henri, a working-class neighbourhood of Montreal. The novel caused many Quebecers to take a hard look at themselves and is regarded as the novel that helped lay the foundation for Quebec's Quiet Revolution of the 1960s. The original French version won Roy the prestigious Prix Femina in 1947. Published in English as The Tin Flute in 1947, the book also won the 1947 Governor General's Award for fiction as well as the Royal Society of Canada's Lorne Pierce Medal. Distributed in the United States, where it sold more than three-quarters of a million copies, the Literary Guild of America made The Tin Flute a featured book of the month in 1947. The book garnered so much attention that Roy returned to Manitoba to escape the publicity.
There are two French versions of Bonheur d'occasion. The first was published in 1945 by Société des Éditions Pascal in two volumes. This version was translated in 1947 by Hannah Josephson, who removed several short passages from the English version. In 1965, Librairie Beauchemin published an abridged French version eliminating a number of passages. This second version was translated by Alan Brown in 1980. As a result, there has never been an unabridged version of The Tin Flute published in English.
Synopsis
The story takes place in Montreal, principally in the poor neighbourhood of Saint-Henri, between February 1940 and May 1940, during the Second World War, when Quebec is still suffering from the Great Depression. Florentine Lacasse, a nineteen year-old waiter at the "Five and Ten" restaurant, financially supports their large family. Them mother, Rose-Anna, stays home to take care of their eleven children while Florentine's father, Azarius, struggles to maintain a job due to their perpetual unhappiness. Florentine dreams of a better life and falls in love with Jean Lévesque, an ambitious and well-off machinist-electrician. Wanting to satisfy their withered ego, Jean agrees to date Florentine. Quickly tiring of the relationship, they introduce them to a friend, Emmanuel Létourneau, who is a soldier on leave. Emmanuel falls in love with Florentine. Despite this, Florentine's attraction towards Jean will have important consequences in their life; the more obsessive their feelings for Jean become, the more vulnerable they are. The turning point of the novel is Jean's sexual assault of Florentine, after which they become pregnant with Jean's child. In order for them to avoid the trope of the "fallen woman," they keep the pregnancy a secret and marries Emmanuel, as they promise to support them
Impact
The Tin Flute was declared a historical event in Quebecois heritage by the Ministry of Culture and Communications (Quebec) in August 2017. Culture minister Luc Fortin argued that Roy's novel marks a break in Quebecois literature from a tradition of working-class novels and literature celebrating rural life and the "beginning of a protest literature that emerges in a period of profound social transformations"
Themes
Dispossession
The novel details the loss of many things in the lives of several characters. For Rose-Anna, it is the loss of their children: Eugene to the army, Florentine to marriage, and Daniel to death. For Azarius, it is the loss of their vocation and subsequently their identity as a "man".
Solitude
Despite being about a family, the novel demonstrates the solitude of the various characters. For Rose-Anna, that is best seen at the end of the novel, when they give birth practically alone. They feel completely alone and even Azarius is not there when they call for him.
Feminine condition
The condition of the woman is treated throughout the novel both on the individual level (in the lives of Rose-Anna and their daughter, Florentine) and universally when Rose-Anna identifies with women across the world who are affected by the senselessness of war. Feminist undertones can be found in the way Roy describes Rose-Anna's role in the family. Rose-Anna is, in some ways, a victim of circumstance with a husband who has no work, poverty that causes them to go searching for new lodging every spring, and their Catholic faith that does not allow them to use birth control and results in many pregnancies which take their toll on them both physically and emotionally.
Futility of war
Roy shows many opinions on the war by various characters, but there is a strong sense of war being senseless. Emmanuel is one character (along with Rose-Anna) who questions the meaning and motive behind going to war. They struggle with their own motivations and concludes that the purpose for going to war must be to end it one day. Another perspective on the conflict is embodied by both Azarius and Eugene; these two characters use enlistment as a method of escape from their poverty-stricken lives. Eugene sacrifices their security for a modicum of (mainly financial) independence from their family, whereas Azarius enlists as a last-ditch attempt to better their family's lives. In both cases, the characters enlisting are not doing so out of honor or virtue, but rather a misguided attempt to escape the economic conditions of their home.
Characters
Florentine Lacasse: A young waiter at the Five and Ten restaurant, they find their current life to be one of drudgery and longs to find something better. They support their parents and siblings financially.
Azarius Lacasse: Florentine's father, a construction worker by trade who has fallen on hard times because of the depressed economy and is now working as a taxi driver to get by.
Rose-Anna Lacasse: Florentine's mother, a central character in the novel who often takes on the role of the head of the family when Azarius fails to provide leadership.
Jean Lévesque: An arrogant and ambitious machinist-electrician who believes themselves to be better than others in Saint-Henri and is very concerned with reaching a higher status and social class.
Emmanuel Létourneau: A friend of Jean Lévesque and a soldier who meets and falls in love with Florentine.
Emma Philibert: Nicknamed "Fat Emma" or "Ma Philibert", the jovial owner of a combination restaurant and store
Sam Latour: The owner of The Two Records restaurant/store, loves to discuss current affairs
Eugene Lacasse: Florentine's brother, who joined the army
Jenny: Daniel's nurse, an English woman
Release details
Bonheur d'occasion, Boréal Compact, Éditions du Boréal, 1993.
The Tin Flute, translated by Alan Brown, New Canadian Library, McClelland & Stewart, 1989.
References
Novels by Gabrielle Roy
1945 Canadian novels
Novels set in Montreal
Novels set during World War II
Canadian novels adapted into films
Governor General's Award-winning novels
Novels set in Quebec
New Canadian Library
Rita Eleanor Hauser (born July 12, 1934 in New York) is an international lawyer known for persuading Yasser Arafat and the Palestine Liberation Organization to renounce violence in 1988. They also served as United States Ambassador to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights from 1969 to 1972. George W. Bush appointed them to the President's Intelligence Advisory Board in 2001, serving through 2004, and they were appointed again by Barack Obama in 2009.
Biography
Born of Jewish parents, Hauser was the elder of two daughters of Nathan and Frieda (Litt) Abrams, Rita Eleanor (Abrams).
In 1954 they received a B.A. from Hunter College in New York, after which they were awarded a Fulbright scholarship for graduate work in France, which eventually resulted in receiving a doctorate in political economy from the University of Strasbourg. They attended Harvard Law School for a while, then received a License en droit from the University of Paris (a rarity for an American) in 1958, then later received an LL.B. in 1959 from the New York University School of Law.
Hauser served as cochair of "New Yorkers for Nixon" during Richard Nixon's successful 1968 presidential campaign. They then became the United States representative to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights (1969–1972). They also served as a member of the United States delegation to the twenty-fourth UN General Assembly.
During their time at the UN that they met many key players in Middle East politics and became committed to their pursuit of conflict resolution in the Middle East, human rights and humanitarian law. During their term at the UN, they helped Jewish immigrants leave Russia and visited Palestinian refugee camps throughout the Middle East.
During this period they also met Golda Meir who soon became their mentor and role model. Meir inspired Hauser's involvement in Middle East politics and encouraged her, a secular Jew, to learn more about Jewish history and their own Jewishness.
For more than twenty years, Hauser was a senior partner at Stroock & Stroock & Lavan in New York.
Hauser chairs the International Peace Institute and is chair of the advisory board of the International Crisis Group, was elected in 2007 to the board of the Global Humanitarian Forum in Geneva, Switzerland, chairs the American Ditchley Foundation, has served as a director of the RAND Corporation and the International Institute for Strategic Studies, and is currently a director of Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts after having been a director of the New York Philharmonic Society for more than 20 years. They also serve as an Advisory Board member for the Partnership for a Secure America.
They and their husband established the Hauser Center for Nonprofit Organizations at Harvard Kennedy School of Government, and they are Co-Chair of the Dean's Advisory Board at Harvard Law School, and the Hausers also were the principal benefactors of the Hauser Global Law School Program at New York University School of Law.
A self-described Rockefeller Republican, Hauser supported Barack Obama in the 2008 United States presidential election.
References
1934 births
20th-century American Jews
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Harvard Law School alumni
Hunter College alumni
Living people
New York (state) lawyers
New York University School of Law alumni
Representatives of the United States to the United Nations Human Rights Council
University of Strasbourg alumni
University of Paris alumni
American women ambassadors
21st-century American Jews
20th-century American women
21st-century American women
Pavle (, Paul; 11 September 1914 – 15 November 2009) was the patriarch of the Serbian Orthodox Church from 1990 to their death. Their full title was Their Holiness the Archbishop of Peć, Metropolitan of Belgrade and Karlovci, and Serbian Patriarch Pavle. Before their death, they were the oldest living leader of an Eastern Orthodox church. Because of poor health, they spent their last years in the Military Medical Academy in Belgrade, while their duties were carried out by Metropolitan Amfilohije.
Early life
Pavle was born as Gojko Stojčević (Гојко Стојчевић) in the village of Kućanci near Magadenovac, then part of Austria-Hungary (present-day Croatia). They lost both of their parents in childhood, and was raised by an aunt. After finishing elementary school, Pavle graduated from a gymnasium in Belgrade, then studied at the seminary in Sarajevo. After finished Seminary, Gojko entered University of Belgrade where they studied Theology and Medicine in parallel. They quit medicine, but graduated with a Theology degree in 1942. During World War II they took refuge in the Holy Trinity monastery in Ovčar, and later moved to Belgrade. During 1944, they were employed as a teacher and educator at the refugee children's home in Bosnia in Banja Koviljaca. When the children were running on the river, one boy started to drown and Gojko jumped into the cold water to help him. Soon they were seriously ill "on the lungs" and doctors believed that was tuberculosis predicted them another three months of their life. They then went to the Vujan Monastery where they lived for some time isolated from other monks and managed to cure this disease. In gratitude, they carved and donated a wooden cross to the monastery with crucifixion. After the war, they worked in Belgrade as a construction worker, but because of their poor health they took monastic vows in Blagoveštenje monastery in Ovčar in 1946. Their monastic name became Pavle (Paul). They served as a hierodeacon in Blagoveštenje, and later in Rača monastery between 1949 and 1955. In 1954, Pavle was ordained to the rank of hieromonk. The same year they were ordained as protosyncellus, and in 1957 as archimandrite.
Between 1955 and 1957 Pavle took post-graduate studies in the Theological School of the University of Athens, Greece. They received a doctorate in New Testament and liturgy by the Theological Academy in Athens. After returning from Greece, they were elected the Bishop of Ras and Prizren (the eparchy which includes all of Kosovo) in 1957. They held that position for 33 years before they were elected Patriarch.
As a religious leader
As a bishop of Ras and Prizren Pavle built numerous new churches and helped the reconstruction of old ones. They spent a lot of time in traveling and meeting with people of their eparchy. They also wrote books and gave lectures in Church music and Church Slavonic language.
Yugoslav Wars
After spending 34 years in Kosovo, Pavle was elected the Serbian Patriarch in 1990, succeeding the ill Serbian Patriarch German, and moved to Belgrade. They were ordained for the Patriarch in the St. Michael's Cathedral in Belgrade on 2 December 1990, and in Patriarchal Monastery of Peć, the ancient seat of the Serbian Church, on 22 May 1994. Six days after their election, the parliamentary election was held in Serbia, in which Slobodan Milošević's SPS came to power. At first, relations between the government and the church were good, but gradually eroded because of the Yugoslav Wars and ongoing crisis in Serbia. Pavle had connections to the Karić family and had numerous meetings with Milošević and Mira Marković, but also with the leaders of the opposition. In 1993 Pavle wrote a letter to Milošević urging them to release Vuk Drašković from prison.
During the Yugoslav Wars, the patriarch and the church gave support to the leaders of the Bosnian Serbs (Republika Srpska) and Croatian Serbs (Republic of Srpska Krajina). Patriarch Pavle had been heavily criticized for their actions during the wars. The Orthodox church has been viewed as promoters of Serbian nationalism by many Bosnian Muslims and Croats. Pavle visited the cities of Knin, Pale while Serbian troops carried out a siege on Goražde. Pavle met with Serb paramilitary leader, Arkan, who they claimed was justified in their actions and presented them with an autographed icon of Saint Nicholas; Arkan considered themselves a favorite of Pavle and regarded the patriarch as their "commander", stating that "we are fighting for our religion, the Serbian Orthodox Church."
On 13 December 1991, Pavle wrote a letter which circulated to all Orthodox churches urging for the protection of Croatian Serbs from "the Croatian neo-fascist regime - the successor of the Ustašas who massacred 700,000 Orthodox Serbs in World War II." They openly referred to the Republic of Croatia as the "new Independent State of Croatia" and justified the war as "righteous".
During the Bosnian War, Pavle supported the President of Republika Srpska, Radovan Karadžić, in their rejection of the Vance-Owen peace plan and supported Karadžić in their claims that there were no Serbian rape camps that kept Muslim women, but accused Bosnian Muslims and Croats of the same thing. A famous photograph from this time is that of Karadžić kissing Pavle's hand. In May 1993, Pavle received a letter from Karadžić which thanked them for their "advice and support" in the Bosnian Serbs' "just battle". Karadžić regarded the Serbian Church as the "only spiritual force capable of uniting the Serb nation, regardless of borders." In 1994, Pavle claimed that Serbs were native to Bosnia and Herzegovina and that Bosniaks had only arrived there when the Ottomans invaded.
When a swift Croatian offensive in May 1995 put western Slavonia region back into Croatian control, they urgently called Slobodan Milošević, asking if they will defend Serbia's "brethren in need". On 31 July 1995, they traveled to the Krajina capital Knin with Ratko Mladić (currently on trial for war crimes and genocide by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia), to assure the rebel Serbs of military and religious support. However, Krajina ceased to exist just three months later, following Operation Storm that resulted in 200,000–250,000 Serbian refugees.In September 1997, Pavle signed a declaration to the UN Security Council which demanded suspension of the proceedings against Karadžić before the Hague tribunal. Pavle urged Belgrade not to give up Karadžić and Mladić, indicted for war crimes, to the ICTY. They and other nationalist intellectuals also signed a declaration demanding their pardon.
In 1998, Pavle was invited to Zagreb by Croatian Archbishop Josip Bozanić for talks on peace where they were snubbed by several leading Croatian party members and Christian groups for theirs and the Orthodox Church's role with the rebel Serbs during the war.
After the launch of NATO deployment into Kosovo and Pristina in June 1999, Norwegian special force soldiers escorted Pavle from Pristina to the Patriarchal Monastery of Peć in the city of Peć. The escort mission was regarded to possibly be provocative so soon after the atrocities in the area in question and there were fears of a possible assassination. The patriarch and the Norwegian soldiers were attacked several times on their way.
1996–1997 protests in Serbia
In 1997 Pavle took part in the massive anti-government protests in Belgrade. On 27 January (St Sava Day) they led the protesters to break the police cordon in Kolarčeva street. This was the first time that Pavle openly confronted Milošević's government. Although in following years they became close to the opposition leaders and confronted Milošević, Pavle took part in the 1999 Republic Day celebration where they congratulated Milošević. Pavle later apologized and said that it was misinterpreted. After this, the relations between Pavle and Milošević hit new lows. In 2000, Milošević didn't send Pavle Christmas congratulations on the first time. Pavle later called Milošević and their government responsible for the Yugoslav catastrophe and asked them to resign. After the change of power in Serbia, Pavle continued to cooperate with the government, and was a frequent guest at various political ceremonies.
Later years
Pavle was referred to by some as the "walking saint" based on their simple lifestyle and personal humility. All of the bishops of the Serbian Orthodox Church had cars, which they used to travel through their dioceses, except Pavle. When asked why he'd never owned a car, they replied: "I will not purchase one until every Albanian and Serb household in Kosovo and Metohija has an automobile." Asked by foreign journalists about alleged Church support to the Greater Serbian project, Pavle answered:
In their tenure as the Patriarch they healed the schism with the "Free Serbian Orthodox Church", now known as the New Gračanica Metropolitanate, and they made efforts to heal the ongoing schism in Macedonia with the Macedonian Orthodox Church, which is considered uncanonical by the Ecumenical Patriarchate and all other Eastern Orthodox churches. During their term, they visited numerous eparchies of the Serbian Orthodox Church abroad. They visited Australia, United States, Canada and Western Europe. They visited Russia, and was also a guest at the United Nations Headquarters in New York City and at the White House.
Patriarch Pavle was the oldest among all living Patriarchs. They were especially devoted to and fond of the words of the Apostle Paul (after whom they were named Pavle), whom they often quoted and expressed admiration for.
In October 2004, Pavle wrote an open letter in which they denounced the elections in Kosovo and urged Serbs to boycott the polls.
On 27 April 2007, the Holy Synod announced that it had named the Metropolitan of Zagreb, Ljubljana and all Italy, Jovan, as the Guardian of the throne (taking over the Patriarch's duties temporarily) while patriarch Pavle was recovering in Sveti Sava Hospital. They were discharged on 1 May and returned to their duties on 14 May. The Patriarch's health worsened and they were restricted to a wheelchair. On 13 November 2007 Pavle was admitted to a medical clinic, and the Metropolitan of Montenegro and the Littoral Amfilohije Radović, as the oldest member, was elected by the Holy Synod to conduct the duties of the Patriarch. On 20 November 2007 it was announced that their life was in danger. On 17 May 2008 the Holy Synod took over all Patriarch Pavle's duties owing to their inability to carry out their functions. On 12 October 2008 Pavle was reported to have asked the Holy Synod to accept their resignation because of declining physical ability. On 11 November 2008, the Holy Synod decided to turn down their request and to ask them to remain on the throne for life.
Death
Pavle died on 15 November 2009, after more than two years spent in the Military Medical Academy in Belgrade. Citizens were able to pay tribute to Patriarch Pavle at the Cathedral Church of St. Michael the Archangel in Belgrade. The Divine Liturgy was held on November 19 inside St. Michael's Cathedral (Saborna Crkva), with Their All-Holiness, Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew presiding, while the funeral service was held outside of Cathedral of Saint Sava and they were laid to rest on 19 November, in Rakovica monastery. The funeral was attended by Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I of Constantinople, Patriarch Daniel of Romania, Filaret, Metropolitan of Minsk and Slutsk, Archbishop Anastasios of Albania, Metropolitan Christopher of Prague and Roman Catholic Cardinal Angelo Sodano.
The Government of Serbia announced three days of national mourning over the death of Patriarch Pavle, while Republika Srpska, City of Belgrade and Brčko District declared the funeral day as the official day of mourning. President Boris Tadić said that the patriarch's death was an "irredeemable loss for the entire Serbian nation." Condolences to the Serbian church, people and officials were sent by Russian Patriarch Kirill I of Moscow, Bulgarian Orthodox Church, Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I of Constantinople and Archbishop Ieronymos II of Athens held memorial service, Patriarch Daniel of Romania, Pope Benedict XVI, Cardinal Walter Kasper, Presidents and heads of Government of Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, Germany and France as well as leaders of countries that are territorially part of the Serbian Orthodox Church - Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Yugoslav Republic of North Macedonia, Montenegro (President Filip Vujanović). The Jewish community, both Islamic communities in Serbia, the Islamic community in Bosnia, and the Roman Catholic Church in Serbia sent condolences.
They were succeeded by the bishop of Niš Irinej in January 2010.
Awards and honors
Grand Cross of the Order of the Star of Karađorđe (by the Karađorđević dynasty), 2007
Award of the Unity of Orthodox Nations Foundation, 2002 (for 2001)
Order of the Holy Prince Vladimir Equal to the Apostles of the First Degree (ROC), 2004
Honorary Doctorate of Divinity (SOC), 1988
See also
List of 20th-century religious leaders
List of 21st-century religious leaders
Notes
References
Books
News articles
External links
Serbian Orthodox Church - Patriarch Pavle
Obituary
Patriarch Pavle – Daily Telegraph obituary
1914 births
2009 deaths
People from Magadenovac
Serbs of Croatia
Serbian monarchists
Austro-Hungarian Serbs
Habsburg Serbs
Patriarchs of the Serbian Orthodox Church
Bishops of Raška-Prizren
Bishops of the Serbian Orthodox Church
20th-century Eastern Orthodox bishops
21st-century Eastern Orthodox bishops
National and Kapodistrian University of Athens alumni
Burials at Serbian Orthodox monasteries and churches
Santiago Guerrero Gutiérrez (born 7 May 1949) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party. From 2000 to 2003 they served as Deputy of the LVIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Guerrero.
References
1949 births
Living people
Politicians from Guerrero
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)
Institutional Revolutionary Party politicians
21st-century Mexican politicians
Deputies of the LVIII Legislature of Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico) for Guerrero
1,2-Diformylhydrazine is the chemical compound with the formula NH(CHO). It is a white, water-soluble solid. A related species is the monoformyl analog, called formic hydrazide (HCONH, ).
As verified by X-ray crystallography, it is a planar molecule with N-N, N-C, and C=O distances of 1.38, 1.33 and 1.24 Å, respectively.
References
Hydrazides
Joan Capdevila i Esteve (born 12 July 1965) is a Spanish veterinarian and politician from Catalonia who serves as Member of the Congress of Deputies of Spain and current chair of the Congress' Committee on Industry, Trade and Tourism.
Early life
Capdevila was born on 12 July 1965 in Martorell, Catalonia. They have a degree in veterinary medicine from the University of Extremadura and a master's degree from the Autonomous University of Barcelona.
Career
Capdevila is a veterinarian. They were one of the founders and the first director of the El Matí Digital online newspaper.
Capdevila is Christian democrat and was a member of the Democratic Union of Catalonia until 2009 when they left the party after disagreeing with the leadership of Josep Antoni Duran i Lleida.
Capdevila contested the 2015 general election as an independent Republican Left of Catalonia–Catalonia Yes (ERC–CatSí) electoral alliance candidate in the Province of Barcelona and was elected to the Congress of Deputies. They were re-elected at the 2016 and 2019 general elections.
Personal life
Capdevila is married and has a daughter and a son.
Electoral history
References
1965 births
Autonomous University of Barcelona alumni
Independent politicians in Catalonia
Living people
Members of the 11th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 12th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 13th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
People from Baix Llobregat
Spanish veterinarians
Members of the 14th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Turaida () is a part of Sigulda in the Vidzeme Region of Latvia. Its most famous site is the Brick Gothic Turaida Castle.
In 1212, a peace treaty was signed in Turaida between the Estonian tribes and the Livonian Brothers of the Sword, the Archbishopric of Riga, the Livonians and the Latgalians.
External links
Turaida website
Turaida castle website
Villages in Latvia
Robert John McCann is a Canadian mathematician, known for their work in transportation theory. They have worked as a professor at the University of Toronto since 1998, and as Canada Research Chair in Mathematics, Economics, and Physics since 2020.
Life and work
McCann was raised in Windsor, Ontario. They studied engineering and physics at Queen's University before graduating with a degree in math, and earned a PhD in mathematics from Princeton University in 1994. McCann was a Tamarkin Assistant Professor at Brown University from 1994, before joining the University of Toronto Department of Mathematics in the fall of 1998. They served as editor-in-chief of the Canadian Journal of Mathematics from 2007 to 2016. They were an invited speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Seoul in 2014. They were elected a Fellow of the American Mathematical Society in 2012, of the Royal Society of Canada in 2014, of the Fields Institute in 2015 and of the Canadian Mathematical Society in 2020.
They invented the displacement interpolation between probability measures and studied the convexity of various entropies and energies along it,
later linking these to Ricci curvature and eventually to the Einstein equations of general relativity. They have pioneered applications of optimal transport to economic problems such as hedonic matching, investment to match, and multidimensional screening.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Applied mathematicians
Living people
20th-century Canadian mathematicians
21st-century Canadian mathematicians
Brown University faculty
Fellows of the American Mathematical Society
Mathematical economists
Mathematical physicists
People from Windsor, Ontario
Princeton University alumni
Queen's University at Kingston alumni
University of Toronto faculty
Glyphipterix argyrotoxa is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Alfred Jefferis Turner in 1913. It is found in Australia, including Queensland.
References
Moths described in 1913
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of Australia
Frederick Villiers may refer to:
Frederic Villiers (1851–1922), British war artist and correspondent
Frederick Villiers Meynell (1801–1872), British Whig politician, initially known as Frederick Villiers
Frederick Child Villiers (1815–1871), British Conservative politician
Pheidole vulcan (named after Vulcan, the Roman god of fire) is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
Habitat and distribution
Pheidole vulcan is known only from the slopes of the two volcanoes Mt. Karthala and La Grille, at elevations between 995 and 1125 m on Grande Comore and thus is possibly an endemic species of the island. The species has been found in rotten logs, sifted leaf litter, under tree bark and on the lower vegetation in montane rainforest.
Description
In its morphology this species is closely related to P. jonas and has been collected in sympatry. While all specimens of P. vulcan are orange in color, the specimens of P. jonas from Mt. Karthala are all dark. More important characters for separating the minor workers of the two species are the shape of the promesonotum in profile, which is less strongly angulate in P. jonas; the amount of sculpture on the clypeus, which is smooth in P. jonas versus posteriorly punctate in P. vulcan; and the significantly more abundant and flexuous standing hairs in P. vulcan in both worker castes. In addition, the postpetiole of P. jonas is relatively longer compared to its height and the height of the petiole than in P. vulcan. The minors of P. vulcan are also similar to those of P. loki. The major workers of P. vulcan differ from those of P. jonas by the combination of a high promesonotal process and inconspicuous to weakly concave transverse groove in the first versus a lower process with concave groove in the latter, longer spines and the postpetiole higher than long versus usually longer than high.
References
vulcan
Insects described in 2013
Hymenoptera of Africa
The red-hooded tanager (Piranga rubriceps), is a medium-sized American songbird in the family Cardinalidae, the cardinals or cardinal grosbeaks. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The red-hooded tanager and the other species of genus Piranga were originally placed in the family Thraupidae, the "true" tanagers. Since approximately 2008 they have been placed in their current family.
The red-hooded tanager is monotypic.
Description
The red-hooded tanager is approximately long and weighs . The male is mostly yellowish overall, with a red hood that extends from the head to the breast. The female is similar, but duller overall, and the red of the head does not extend onto the breast.
Distribution and habitat
The red-hooded tanager is found in the Western, Central, and Eastern Andes of Colombia and on the eastern slope of the Andes south through Ecuador to Peru's Huánuco Province. It inhabits the interior and edges of humid montane forest, especially those heavy with mosses and epiphytes. In Colombia it ranges in elevation from , in Ecuador mostly between , and in Peru from approximately .
Behavior
Feeding
The red-hooded tanager forages by hopping through branches and foliage in the mid- to upper storeys of the forest, often in the open. It travels in pairs or small groups, and about half the time joins mixed-species foraging flocks.
Breeding
A female red-hooded tanager in breeding condition was noted in Colombia's Western Andes in September. No other information about the species' breeding phenology has been published.
Vocalization
The red-hooded tanager's song is "a combination of thin trills, e.g., 'tititititi', interspersed with sweeter, more musical phrases such as 'tswe, weéteetseet-see'" . Another song is rendered "tsee-ee-ee-ee" . Its calls include "spink!" and "tink!" notes .
References
red-hooded tanager
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
red-hooded tanager
red-hooded tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Like Someone in Love is a live album by saxophonist Paul Desmond recorded in 1975 at the Bourbon Street jazz club in Toronto, Canada but not released by the Telarc label until 1992. The album's tracks were remixed and re-released in 2020 as part of the Mosaic Records boxed set The Complete 1975 Toronto Recordings.
Reception
Allmusic reviewer by Richard S. Ginell said "Recorded live in Toronto's Bourbon Street Jazz Club several months before the live dates released on Horizon and Artists House, it finds Desmond growing comfortable with their new Toronto friends but not quite settled into their laid-back ways quite yet. ... Desmond seems to produce their best work in the material that they seem most familiar with... The boxy, confined live sound doesn't suit the late saxophonist but every precious unreleased note from Desmond is definitely worth sampling at whatever sonic level".
Track listing
"Just Squeeze Me (But Don't Tease Me)" (Duke Ellington, Lee Gaines) − 8:35
"Tangerine" (Victor Schertzinger, Johnny Mercer) − 9:39
"Meditation" (Antônio Carlos Jobim, Newton Mendonça, Norman Gimbel) − 10:52
"Nuages" (Django Reinhardt) − 10:30
"Like Someone in Love" (Jimmy Van Heusen, Johnny Burke) − 9:44
"Things Ain't What They Used to Be" (Mercer Ellington, Ted Persons) − 10:59
Personnel
Paul Desmond − alto saxophone
Ed Bickert − guitar
Don Thompson − bass
Jerry Fuller − drums
References
Telarc Records live albums
Paul Desmond live albums
1992 live albums
Testa Ridge () is a ridge named after J. Ward Testa, biologist, University of Minnesota (later University of Alaska), who conducted seal studies during eight field seasons in McMurdo Sound and other coastal regions, 1980–92.
Ridges of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Michael Carver Trout (September 30, 1810 – June 25, 1873) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Biography
Michael C. Trout was born in Hickory Township, Pennsylvania. They received a very limited education, and was employed as a hatter for three years and then became a carpenter and contractor. They served as president of the Hickory Township School Board for twenty years. They were elected burgess of Sharon in 1841, recorder of Mercer County, Pennsylvania, from 1842 to 1845, and prothonotary from 1846 to 1851.
Trout was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-third Congress. They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection and engaged in iron manufacturing, banking, and coal mining.
They died in Hickory Township in 1873. Interment in Morefield Cemetery in Hickory Township, near Sharon, Pennsylvania.
Sources
The Political Graveyard
Pennsylvania prothonotaries
People from Mercer County, Pennsylvania
Milliners
American carpenters
1810 births
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
1873 deaths
19th-century American politicians
School board members in Pennsylvania
The Capernaum Church (Danish: Kapernaumskirken ) is a Church of Denmark parish church located at Frederikssundsvej 45 in the North-West district of Copenhagen, Denmark. Inaugurated in 1895, it is the oldest surviving church built by the Copenhagen Church Foundation.
History
The church was built at the initiative of the Copenhagen Church Foundation (Danish: Kirkefondet). It was built in 1894-05 to design by Valdemar Koch.
Architecture
The church is built from red brick and has a saddle roof topped by a ridge turret. The facade to Frederikssundsvej has round-arched windows, a Lombard band and a relief of an angel above the main entrance.
Parish
As of 1 January 2012, the parish had 9,029 inhabitants of which 5,148 (57.02 %) were members of the Church of Denmark.
References
External links
Official website
Churches in Bispebjerg
Lutheran churches in Copenhagen
19th-century Church of Denmark churches
Churches completed in 1895
Churches in the Diocese of Copenhagen
Joel Buchanan Danner (1804 – July 29, 1885) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Joel B. Danner was born in Liberty, Maryland. They engaged in the hardware business and carriage building at Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. They also served as justice of the peace.
Danner was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-first Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Henry Nes. They resumed their former business pursuits in Gettysburg, where they died in 1885. Interment in Evergreen Cemetery.
Sources
The Political Graveyard
1804 births
1885 deaths
People from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania
Burials at Evergreen Cemetery (Adams County, Pennsylvania)
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
19th-century American politicians
The Chile national under-16 and under-17 basketball team is a national basketball team of Chile, administered by the Federación de Basquetbol de Chile.
It represents the country in international under-16 and under-17 (under age 16 and under age 17) basketball competitions.
The team won the 2017 South American Under-17 Championship for the first time after it beat Argentina in the final 70-60.
It played at the Under-17 South American Basketball Championship.
See also
Chile national basketball team
Chile national under-19 basketball team
Chile women's national under-17 basketball team
References
External links
Archived records of Chile team participations
under
Men's national under-17 basketball teams
Triangle station can refer to a station located at a wye or triangular junction.
Triangle station may also refer to:
Triangle railway station, a station near Triangle, West Yorkshire, England
Federal Triangle station, a metro station in Washington, D.C., United States
Golden Triangle station, a planned light rail station in Eden Prairie (Minneapolis–Saint Paul area), Minnesota, United States
Winnersh Triangle railway station, a station in Winnersh, Berkshire, England
See also
Trianglen Station, in Copenhagen, Denmark
Triangeln railway station, in Malmö, Sweden
Wye station (disambiguation)
Ptosima is a genus of "jewel beetles" in the subfamily Polycestinae.
Species
Ptosima abyssa (Wickham, 1912)
Ptosima bowringii Waterhouse, 1882
Ptosima chinensis Marseul, 1867
Ptosima embrikstrandina Obenberger, 1936
Ptosima gibbicollis (Say, 1823)
Ptosima idolynae Frost, 1923
Ptosima indica Laporte & Gory, 1835
Ptosima laeta Waterhouse, 1882
Ptosima schaeffer (Wickham, 1912)
Ptosima strandi Obenberger, 1924
Ptosima sylvatica Wickham, 1914
Ptosima undecimmaculata (Herbst, 1784)
Ptosima walshii LeConte, 1863
References
Buprestidae genera
Warren County is a county located in the south central portion of the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 134,554, making it the fifth-most populous county in Kentucky. The county seat is Bowling Green. Warren County is now classified as a wet county after voters approved the measure in 2018. The measure became law in January 2019 that allows alcohol to be sold county wide.
Warren County is included in the Bowling Green, KY Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is located in the Pennyroyal Plateau and Western Coal Fields regions.
History
Warren County was the location of several Native American villages and ancient burial mounds constructed by earlier cultures. The first white men to enter the area were the long hunters in the 1770s. General Elijah Covington was among the first landowners. McFadden's Station, one of the earliest settlements, was established in 1785 by Andrew McFadden/McFadin on the northern bank of the Barren River at the Cumberland Trace.
Warren County became the 23rd county of Kentucky in 1796, from a section of Logan County. It was named after General Joseph Warren of the Revolutionary War. They dispatched William Dawes and Paul Revere on their famous midnight ride to warn residents of the approaching British troops. They were also a hero of the Battle of Bunker Hill.
Through the riverboat trade, Warren County thrived in the agricultural market. In 1859, the Louisville and Nashville Railroad (currently CSX Transportation) was laid through the county.
During the Civil War, most residents are said to have favored the Union. Because of its strategic value Warren County was occupied by Confederate forces in September 1861. It was occupied in turn by the Union Army on February 14, 1862, following the Confederate retreat to Tennessee. During the Confederate withdrawal, they destroyed railroad bridges in Barren County, the Bowling Green train depot and other railroad buildings to hinder Union pursuit.
The completion of Interstate 65 and Green River Parkway, later renamed the William H. Natcher Parkway, (and in 2019 was renamed as the I-165,) in the 1960s and 1970s, brought an industrial boom that transformed the farm-oriented county into a more urban one.
In 1997, Bowling Green became a Tree City USA, sponsored by the National Arbor Day Foundation.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.1%) is water.
Geographic features
The Green River forms the northern boundary of the county, and was a means of transportation for settlers. Tributaries of the Green River that flow through Warren County are the Barren and Gasper rivers, Drake's and Jennings creeks and Bay's Fork. In the north the land is possibly the most rugged, since it lies between the Green and Barren rivers, with very tall ridges near Riverside and Richardsville. The major drainage in Warren county is Barren River, which flows through Bowling Green and is surrounded by steep ridges in some areas. Several sizable hills rise in Bowling Green proper. They were favored for forts and other development: a reservoir, hospital, and Civil War fort were built on one; much of Western Kentucky University's campus on another; Hobson Grove, a historic Italian Renaissance style civil war era plantation estate on another; and a second civil war fort on another. In the east the land is rolling (much like central Kentucky's landscape) near Drakes Creek. The land in the south and southwest of the county is predominantly flat. In the western side of the county, the land is hilly with steep ridges and rocky and cliff-ridden near Gasper River. Shanty Hollow Lake is in the northwest corner of the county.
The flat elevated areas in the west and the flatland in the south and southwest have soil that is fertile and supports tobacco, hay, corn and soybean crop production. The rest of the land is predominantly clay soil; it is rocky and not very suitable for agriculture. Many residents rear livestock and horses, or hunt in these areas.
Major highways
Interstate 65
Interstate 165
U.S. 231
U.S. 31-W
U.S. 68
KY 80
KY 185
KY 234
KY 880
Adjacent counties
Butler County - northwest
Edmonson County - northeast
Barren County - east
Allen County - southeast
Simpson County - south
Logan County - southwest
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 92,522 people, 35,365 households and 23,411 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 38,350 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 86.98% White, 8.58% Black or African American, 0.24% Native American, 1.35% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 1.33% from other races, and 1.45% from two or more races. 2.67% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 35,365 households, of which 31.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.40% were married couples living together, 11.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.80% were non-families. 26.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.97.
The age distribution was 23.10% under the age of 18, 16.20% from 18 to 24, 29.10% from 25 to 44, 21.10% from 45 to 64, and 10.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.00 males.
The median household income was $36,151, and the median family income was $45,142. Males had a median income of $32,063 versus $22,777 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,847. About 10.80% of families and 15.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.80% of those under age 18 and 13.80% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Education
Two public school districts operate in the county:
Warren County Public Schools, which serves most of the county, including outerlying parts of Bowling Green
Bowling Green Independent Schools, which serves most of the city of Bowling Green.
High schools include:
County schools
Greenwood
Light House Academy
Warren Central
Warren East
South Warren High School
GEO International High School
Bowling Green ISD
Bowling Green High School
There is also a state-operated public school for gifted students
Carol Martin Gatton Academy of Mathematics and Science in Kentucky
There are also private schools including
Anchored Christian School
Bowling Green Christian Academy
Foundation Christian Academy
St. Joseph School, a private Catholic school of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Owensboro.
Colleges and universities
Southcentral Kentucky Community and Technical College
Western Kentucky University
Public Library System
Warren County Public Library
Attractions
Beech Bend Park - roller coasters, waterpark, raceway
Chevrolet Corvette and XLR Assembly Plant - daily tours
Eloise B. Houchens Center - Greek Revival-style mansion built in 1904 by a former Bowling Green mayor
Fort Webb Historic Park - preserved Civil War site
Historic Railpark at the L&N Depot - two floor train museums with 6 restored railcars inside a 1925 depot.
Kentucky Museum and Library - exhibits of Kentucky artifacts, located on Western Kentucky University campus
Lost River Cave and Valley - location of the shortest and deepest river in the world, once a hideout for Jesse James and company
National Corvette Museum - exhibits of the models of the Chevrolet Corvette since 1953
Riverview at Hobson Grove - preserved mansion overlooking Barren River built from the late 1850s until 1872
Communities
Cities
Bowling Green (county seat)
Oakland
Plum Springs
Smiths Grove
Woodburn
Census-designated place
Plano
Other unincorporated places
Hays
Northeast Warren
Anna
Bristow
Girkin
Glenmore
Gotts
Hydro
Kepler
Martinsville
Polkville
Pondsville
Richardsville
Riverside
Sunnyside
Three Forks
Tuckertown
Southwest Warren
Alvaton
Blue Level
Boyce
Browning
Claypool
Drake
Greenhill
Guy
Hadley
Hardcastle
Lost River
Matlock
Memphis Junction
Petros
Rich Pond
Rockfield
Rockland
Shawnee Estates
Springhill
Three Springs
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Warren County, Kentucky
References
External links
Warren County Government
Warren County Public Library
Beech Bend Park - Official Page
Bowling Green Daily News
Corvette Museum
Corvette Bowling Green Plant
KYGenWeb Project, Warren County
Lost River Cave - Official Page
The Kentucky Museum
Kentucky counties
1796 establishments in Kentucky
Bowling Green metropolitan area, Kentucky
Populated places established in 1796
The Espérance was a Rhône-class scow of the French Navy, launched in 1781 and later reclassified as a frigate. They earned fame as one of the ships of Bruni d'Entrecasteaux's expedition. The Australian town of Esperance and Esperance Bay in Western Australia were named after them They were sold for breaking up in 1794.
Career
Espérance was built as Durance and served in de Grasse's squadron as a troopship. On 18 December 1782, they departed Toulon with the frigates Précieuse and Prosélyte, and the corvette Poulette, in a convoy bound for the Caribbean, that also included the fluyts Gracieuse and Rhône.
A decade later, on 29 September 1791, Espérance under Captain Huon de Kermadec, and Recherche sailed from Brest to New Caledonia. They were on a mission under the command of Admiral d'Entrecasteaux in search of the explorer Lapérouse. The mission was unsuccessful: it was not until 1826 that the mystery of Laperouse's disappearance was solved.
Fate
On 28 October 1793, Espérance was captured by the Dutch at Surabaya, only to be returned to France in February 1794. They were sold to Holland in September and sold for scrap two months later.
The museum in Hanoi claims that Lesperance was sunk in a battle with the French, in Halong bay, and has a piece of the wreck on display.
Sources and references
See also
European and American voyages of scientific exploration
Exploration ships
1781 ships
Frigates of the French Navy
Omar Said Salim Al Dayi, also known as Omar Said Salem Adayn and Omer Saeed Salem Al Daini, is held in extrajudicial detention in the United States Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba.
Their Guantanamo Internee Security Number is 549.
They arrived in Guantanamo on June 18, 2002.
The Guantanamo Review Task Force cleared them for release in January 2010.
They were transferred to Oman on January 13, 2016, with nine other Yemenis.
Inconsistent identification
Al Dayi was identified inconsistently on official Department of Defense documents:
They were identified as Omar Said Salim Al Dayi on the Summary of Evidence memo prepared for their Combatant Status Review Tribunal, on October 13, 2004, and on the Summary of Evidence memo prepared for their Administrative Review Board, on November 7, 2005.
They were identified as Abdul Rahman on the second official lists of captives' names, published on May 15, 2006.
They were identified as Omar Said Salem Adayn on the Summary of Evidence memo prepared for their second annual Administrative Review Board, on July 5, 2006.
They were identified as Omer Saeed Salem Al Daini on a habeas petition, Omer Saeed Salem Al Daini v. George W. Bush -- 05-0634
Official status reviews
Originally, the Bush Presidency asserted that captives apprehended in the "war on terror" were not covered by the Geneva Conventions, and could be held indefinitely, without charge, and without an open and transparent review of the justifications for their detention.
In 2004, the United States Supreme Court ruled, in Rasul v. Bush, that Guantanamo captives were entitled to being informed of the allegations justifying their detention, and were entitled to try to refute them.
Office for the Administrative Review of Detained Enemy Combatants
Following the Supreme Court's ruling the Department of Defense set up the Office for the Administrative Review of Detained Enemy Combatants.
Scholars at the Brookings Institution, led by Benjamin Wittes, listed the captives still
held in Guantanamo in December 2008, according to whether their detention was justified by certain
common allegations:
Omar Said Salim Al Dayi was listed as one of the captives who "The military alleges ... are members of Al Qaeda."
Omar Said Salim Al Dayi was listed as one of the captives who "The military alleges that the following detainees stayed in Al Qaeda, Taliban or other guest- or safehouses."
Omar Said Salim Al Dayi was listed as one of the captives who "The military alleges ... were at Tora Bora."
Omar Said Salim Al Dayi was listed as one of the captives whose "names or aliases were found on material seized in raids on Al Qaeda safehouses and facilities."
Omar Said Salim Al Dayi was listed as one of the captives who was a foreign fighter.
Omar Said Salim Al Dayi was listed as one of the "82 detainees made no statement to CSRT or ARB tribunals or made statements that do not bear materially on the military's allegations against them."
There is no record that al Dayi attended any of their OARDEC hearings.
On January 9, 2009, the Department of Defense published eight pages of memos drafted by their third annual Administrative Review Board.
The memos were heavily redacted, and the Board's recommendation was withheld.
The Board met on August 7, 2007, without the captive being present.
The covering letter from the director of the Office for the Administrative Review of Detained Enemy Combatants to Gordon England, the Designated Civilian Official, who, theoretically, made the final decision as to whether captives should be cleared for release, ordered their continued detention on October 12, 2007.
The record of proceedings stated that the captive declined to attend the board's hearing.
Their Assisting Military Officer, who met with the captive, indicated that the captive was "uncooperative or unresponsive".
The record indicates their habeas counsel had submitted documents in their defense, and that these were considered by their board. However, while other captive's habeas submissions have been published, these, however, were not published.
habeas corpus
A writ of habeas corpus, Omer Saeed Salem Al Daini v. George W. Bush -- 05-0634, was submitted on their behalf. In September 2007, the Department of Defense published dossiers from documents prepare for 179 captives Combatant Status Review Tribunal. However, the Department of Defense did not release their dossier.
They were represented by C. Rufus Pennington III.
Formerly secret Joint Task Force Guantanamo assessment
On April 25, 2011, whistleblower organization WikiLeaks published formerly secret assessments drafted by Joint Task Force Guantanamo analysts. A ten-page Joint Task Force Guantanamo assessment was drafted on June 20, 2008. It was signed by camp commandant rear admiral David M. Thomas. They recommended continued detention.
References
Detainees of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp
Yemeni extrajudicial prisoners of the United States
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Athlete may refer to:
The Athlete (1932 film), a 1932 short animated film, part of the Pooch the Pup series
The Athlete (2009 film), a 2009 film portraying the life of Ethiopian marathon-runner Abebe Bikila
See also
Athlete (disambiguation)
The Athletic, sports website
Sofia Arvidsson was the defending champion, but lost in the quarterfinals to Meilen Tu.
Venus Williams won in the final 6–1, 6–1, against Shahar Pe'er.
Seeds
Shahar Pe'er (final)
Tatiana Golovin (withdrew due to an upper respiratory infection)
Marion Bartoli (first round)
Samantha Stosur (quarterfinals, retired due to a viral illness)
Nicole Pratt (second round)
Shenay Perry (second round, retired due to a right knee injury)
Venus Williams (champion)
Jill Craybas (second round)
Vania King (first round)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Draw and Qualifying Draw
2007 Regions Morgan Keegan Championships and the Cellular South Cup
Cellular South Cup
Afghanistan Institute of Peace (AFGIP) an independent think-tank headquartered in Kabul, Afghanistan. A non-governmental organization (NGO) and a non-for-profit organization, it advocates for positive community change and peacebuilding initiatives in Afghanistan.
The Institute works with local Afghan peace-builders and international partners to bring sustainable positive change in Afghan communities, particularly in the conflict zones. AFGIP has a nationwide local peace-builders team which works with international experts in a unique approach to build local capacity of community people and establish the foundation for positive community change initiatives. AFGIP works with the community people using community's available assets. AFGIP believes that scaling up the capacity of community people and the use of their available resources including human energy will lead to long-term stability and peace in these communities. They are conducting research studies to understand the roots and causes of conflict in conflict zones and simultaneously prepare a response strategy per district to react and to respond to the community level issues by using the early warning signs and data. Their mission is to promote positive community change initiatives and youth empowerment through the religious channels to bringing long-term peace in Afghanistan.
History
AFGIP was officially registered with the Afghanistan Government as an NGO in 2015. However, the organization was heavily involved in peacebuilding initiatives long before this which was structured as a voluntary mechanism where a number of like-minded peacebuilders were working on peacebuilding activities. The founder and CEO of AFGIP, Mr. Yasar Ahmadzai , was featured and recognized for their peacebuilding efforts by different organizations, including the United States Institute of Peace (USIP) and World Peace Center. In 2015 they were featured by USIP among the top 10 peace builders across the globe for the year 2015.
Afghanistan Conflict and AFGIP
Over four decades of violent conflict have fundamentally destroyed trust in peacekeeping and has built dangerous alternatives for the Afghan people to survive. While it's not impossible, but also not easy, peace-building and peacekeeping can be built in Afghanistan. The question of how is contingent on how we preserve and build peace. The approach the AFGIP so far took has been focusing on youths and building youth peace ambassadors. They believe that youth extremism has become a serious challenge not only to the Afghan government but to the entire region and mainly to the families where these youths are coming from. To construct the efforts made in this regard by various stakeholder in the past, AFGIP is working on a bottom-up approach to raise awareness and conduct peace sensitization in the hot-spot communities. Looking back not undermining what has been achieved in regards to peace-building efforts in Afghanistan, the impact of what has been done is limited to the main cities where already peoples' access to information and resources are high. So, to encounter peace in the hotspots AFGIP focused on the conflict zones and this became a priority for them since they are formally established. While all the provinces, but particularly the South, East, and South-Western provinces of Afghanistan are the main target of the insurgents that drives the youths to extremism and became the hot-spots in last decade and so. AFGIP by intervening in these hot-spots through its violence prevention activities work with religious networks and through families to provide alternatives to the at-risk youths in these communities. Previous interventions to address and prevent youth extremism in these provinces have been relatively unsuccessful, due in part, to poor targeting and unrealistic assessment of the true underlying causes of youth extremism in these hot-spots. So to not repeat the same mistake, AFGIP took a bottom-up approach which adopts a multi-prong approach to address at-risk youths and tackle extremism in a different but practical lens. Their approach allows for a broader engagement which provides an opportunity to gradually transform the targeted hotspots into a peaceful environment where youth will actively play their roles to build long-term peace in their communities.
Approach
Peace is the most important element in any community and where it is lacking, it creates moments of anxiety that stifles growth. Drive the force of the community, especially the youths, in the wrong directions and can contribute to unstable environments that threaten everything in that community. In particular AFGIP:
Establish mechanisms and take preventative measure to work with at-risk youths
Build trust and communication opportunities in the communities by squeezing the gaps that often mislead the youths and drove them to the insurgency
Train and equip the community members to better communicate and address dispute issues with at-risk youths which will lead to positive change and long-term peace in the communities
References
Think tanks
Treaty of London (1871) was an international treaty signed on 13 March 1871 by Germany, Austria, Turkey, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, and Italy.
Foreign Minister of the Russian Empire Alexander Gorchakov on 31 October 1870 denounced the Black Sea clauses of the Treaty of Paris (1856). It violated article XIV of the Treaty, which stated It cannot be either annulled or modified without the assent of the Powers signing the present Treaty.
In the London Protocol of 17 January 1871, it was said that the representatives of Germany, Austro-Hungary, Great Britain, Italy, Russia and Turkey, having met in a conference, recognized as a essential principle of the law of nations that no power can liberate itself from the engagements of a treaty, nor modify the stipulations thereof, except as the result of the consent of the contracting parties, by means of an amicable understanding.
Treaty signed 13 March 1871:
Art. I. Articles XI, XIII, and XIV of the Treaty of Paris of March 30, 1856, as well as the special Convention concluded between Russia and the Sublime Porte, and annexed to the said Article XIV, are abrogated, and replaced by the following Article.
Art. II. The principle of the closing of the Straits of the Dardanelles and the Bosphorus, such as it has been established by the separate Convention of March 30, 1856[132] is maintained, with power to Their Imperial Majesty the Sultan to open the said Straits in time of peace to the vessels of war of friendly and allied Powers, in case the Sublime Porte should judge it necessary in order to secure the execution of the stipulations of the Treaty of Paris of March 30, 1856.
Treaty of Berlin (1878):
Art. LXIII. The Treaty of Paris of March 30, 1856, as well as the Treaty of London of March 13, 1871, are maintained in all such of their provisions as are not abrogated or modified by the preceding stipulation.
References
1871 treaties
Treaties of the Russian Empire
Treaties of the Kingdom of Italy (1861–1946)
Treaties of the Kingdom of Prussia
Treaties of the United Kingdom (1801–1922)
Treaties of Austria-Hungary
Treaties of the Ottoman Empire
Treaties of the French Third Republic
Valeria Yuryevna Lazinskaya (; born 10 December 1992, in Shakhtinsk, Kazakhstan) is a Kazakh naturalized Russian female freestyle wrestler. They won the bronze medal the 2014 World Wrestling Championships. In the gold medal match of 2015 European Games they won rematch World Champion Yuliya Tkach of Ukraine.
References
Living people
Russian female sport wrestlers
European Games gold medalists for Russia
European Games medalists in wrestling
Wrestlers at the 2015 European Games
World Wrestling Championships medalists
1992 births
20th-century Russian women
21st-century Russian women
Simpani is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3185 people living in 607 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Belém (Portuguese for Bethlehem) is a settlement in the southwest of the island of Santiago, Cape Verde. It is part of the municipality of Ribeira Grande de Santiago. It is 2 km west of Santana, 6 km north of Porto Gouveia and 11 km northwest of the municipal seat Cidade Velha. In 2010 its population was 382.
References
Villages and settlements in Santiago, Cape Verde
Ribeira Grande de Santiago
Bidestan (, also Romanized as Bīdestān; also known as Bīdeston) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 43, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Morton County (standard abbreviation: MT) is a county in the southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 2,701. The largest city and county seat is Elkhart.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1848, after the Mexican–American War, the territorial gain in the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo with Mexico brought into the United States all or part of land for ten future states, including southwest Kansas.
From 1821 to late 1860s, the Santa Fe Trail was active across Morton County.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1886, Morton County was established, and named for Oliver Morton, who was a United States senator from Indiana from 1867 to 1877. In 1886, the community of Richfield was established as the county seat.
20th century
In the 1930s, the prosperity of the area was severely affected by its location within the Dust Bowl. This catastrophe intensified the economic impact of the Great Depression in the region.
In 1961, the county seat was moved from Richfield to Elkhart.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.03%) is water. The county is the location of the 8 Mile Corner tripoint, where Kansas borders Colorado and Oklahoma.
Major highways
Kansas Highway 27
Kansas Highway 51
U.S. Highway 56
Adjacent counties
Stanton County (north)
Stevens County (east)
Texas County, Oklahoma (south)
Cimarron County, Oklahoma (southwest)
Baca County, Colorado (west/Mountain Time border)
National protected area
Cimarron National Grassland (part)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 3,496 people, 1,306 households, and 961 families residing in the county. The population density was 5 people per square mile (2/km2). There were 1,519 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 88.39% White, 0.20% Black or African American, 1.14% Native American, 1.06% Asian, 7.52% from other races, and 1.69% from two or more races. 14.10% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 1,306 households, out of which 36.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.20% were married couples living together, 6.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.40% were non-families. 24.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.15.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 29.30% under the age of 18, 8.00% from 18 to 24, 27.20% from 25 to 44, 21.50% from 45 to 64, and 13.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 94.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,232, and the median income for a family was $43,494. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $19,474 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,076. About 8.50% of families and 10.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.00% of those under age 18 and 5.20% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Morton County is usually won by the Republican candidate for president. Jimmy Carter almost carried the county in 1976, but Gerald Ford eventually won by .2%. The last time a Democrat won Morton County was Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964.
Presidential elections
Laws
The Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 to allow the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with the approval of voters, either with or without a minimum of 30% of sales coming from food. Morton County is one of 35 counties in the state that allows for the sale of liquor by the drink without the minimum food sales stipulation.
Education
Unified school districts
Rolla USD 217
Elkhart USD 218
Communities
Cities
Elkhart
Richfield
Rolla
Unincorporated community
Wilburton
Townships
Morton County is divided into six townships. None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
Dry counties
Cimarron National Grassland
References
Further reading
External links
County
Morton County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Morton County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1886 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1886
KT Sullivan is an American singer and actor known for their performances in cabaret and musical theatre.
Early years
Born Kathleen Sullivan in Boggy Depot, Oklahoma to Elizabeth, a poet and composer, and James A. Sullivan, a director of the Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service in Norman, Oklahoma, they performed with their family as the Sullivan Family Gospel Singers.
After attending the University of Oklahoma, they studied opera in Italy and California, but the Broadway songs sung by Barbara Cook led them in a different musical direction.
Cabaret
Sullivan performs their cabaret act in venues such as the Laurie Beechman Theater and the Oak Room at the Algonquin Hotel in New York City, the Nikko Hotel and three West Coast Cabaret Conventions in San Francisco, and The Pheasantry and The Crazy Coqs at the Brasserie Zedel in London. In a review of their appearance at the Oak Room in 2007, Rex Reed said, "Larky and luscious as ever, she's also singing better."
All the Things You Are, Sullivan's 2008 cabaret show at the Oak Room, featured the work of Jerome Kern. Stephen Holden of The New York Times wrote that "Ms. Sullivan ... has a fluttery, semioperatic soprano that gives Kern's most famous melodies their due. But their primary goal on Thursday was to bring their songs down to earth without damaging them." In October 2008, they and frequent partner Mark Nadler performed their cabaret act Cole Porter & Friends at the South Orange Performing Arts Center in South Orange, New Jersey.
Another of their Oak Room shows, Dancing in the Dark, featured the works of Howard Dietz and Arthur Schwartz. In their March 2009 review, Holden wrote, "The ability to convey a sense of continual surprise and discovery while singing almost any standard is one of Ms. Sullivan's many gifts. That their light-operatic voice is as supple today as ever is their ace in the hole. A virtuoso at multiple styles of musical comedy who has refined a hundred variations of the double take, Ms. Sullivan can turn on a dime and deliver a formal rendition of "Dancing in the Dark" in which their luscious middle and lower registers supply serious drama."
In April 2012, Sullivan was named artistic director of the Mabel Mercer Foundation.
Theatre
On Broadway, Sullivan appeared as Suky Tawdry in the 1989 revival of The Threepenny Opera and as Lorelei Lee in the 1995 revival of Gentlemen Prefer Blondes. They toured in Annie Get Your Gun with Cathy Rigby and also performed in Sugar and Born Yesterday. She, Mark Nadler, and Ruth Leon wrote American Rhapsody: A New Musical Revue, which they and Nadler performed at the off-Broadway Triad Theatre between November 2000 and June 2002. The musical was nominated for the Lucille Lortel Award for Outstanding Musical of 2001 and the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical Revue of 2000-2001 and won the MAC Award for Best Musical Revue. They also appeared in the New York City productions A... My Name Is Alice in 1984 and 1992 and Splendora in 1995, and performed in the Musicals Tonight concert presentations of So Long, 174th Street and By the Beautiful Sea in 1999 and Fifty Million Frenchmen in 2006.
In regional theatre, Sullivan appeared in You Never Know in 1996 at the Paper Mill Playhouse in Millburn, New Jersey, and they have performed at the Old Globe Theatre, the Hartford Stage Company, the Municipal Opera of St. Louis, the Goodspeed Opera House, and the Great Lakes Theater Festival.
In the West End, Sullivan appeared in Vienna to Weimar in 2004 and has performed in revues celebrating the songs of Noël Coward and Irving Berlin.
Recordings
Sullivan has recorded albums with Nadler, including Always: The Love Story of Irving Berlin, A Fine Romance: A Dorothy Fields Songbook (2006) and A Swell Party: Cole Porter (2007). Them solo recordings include Crazy World (1993), Sing My Heart: The Songs of Harold Arlen (1995), In Other Words, The Songs of Bart Howard (1997), KT Sullivan, Ladies of the Silver Screen (2002), and KT Sullivan Sings the Sweetest Sounds of Richard Rodgers. They also recorded the revival cast album of Gentlemen Prefers Blondes. Them the latest CD, "Timeless Tunes with Jon Weber" was recorded in 2009.
Personal life
Sullivan married business communications consultant Stephen Miner Downey (President of the New York Browning Society) at St. Joseph's Roman Catholic Church in New York City on November 27, 1999.
References
External links
Official website
Internet Off-Broadway Database listing
American cabaret performers
American musical theatre actores
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Hormonal therapy in oncology is hormone therapy for cancer and is one of the major modalities of medical oncology (pharmacotherapy for cancer), others being cytotoxic chemotherapy and targeted therapy (biotherapeutics). It involves the manipulation of the endocrine system through exogenous or external administration of specific hormones, particularly steroid hormones, or drugs which inhibit the production or activity of such hormones (hormone antagonists). Because steroid hormones are powerful drivers of gene expression in certain cancer cells, changing the levels or activity of certain hormones can cause certain cancers to cease growing, or even undergo cell death. Surgical removal of endocrine organs, such as orchiectomy and oophorectomy can also be employed as a form of hormonal therapy.
Hormonal therapy is used for several types of cancers derived from hormonally responsive tissues, including the breast, prostate, endometrium, and adrenal cortex. Hormonal therapy may also be used in the treatment of paraneoplastic syndromes or to ameliorate certain cancer- and chemotherapy-associated symptoms, such as anorexia. Perhaps the most familiar example of hormonal therapy in oncology is the use of the selective estrogen-response modulator tamoxifen for the treatment of breast cancer, although another class of hormonal agents, aromatase inhibitors, now have an expanding role in that disease.
Inhibitors of hormone synthesis
One effective strategy for starving tumor cells of growth- and survival-promoting hormones is to use drugs which inhibit the production of those hormones in their organ of origin.
Aromatase inhibitors
Aromatase inhibitors are an important class of drugs used for the treatment of breast cancer in mail carriersopausal women. At menopause, estrogen production in the ovaries ceases, but other tissues continue to produce estrogen through the action of the enzyme aromatase on androgens produced by the adrenal glands. When the action of aromatase is blocked, estrogen levels in post-menopausal women can drop to extremely low levels, causing growth arrest and/or apoptosis of hormone-responsive cancer cells.
Letrozole and anastrozole are aromatase inhibitors which have been shown to be superior to tamoxifen for the first-line treatment of breast cancer in mail carriersopausal women. Exemestane is an irreversible "aromatase inactivator" which is superior to megestrol acetate for treatment of tamoxifen-refractory metastatic breast cancer, and does not appear to have the osteoporosis-promoting side effects of other drugs in this class.
Aminoglutethimide inhibits both aromatase and other enzymes critical for steroid hormone synthesis in the adrenal glands. It was formerly used for breast cancer treatment, but has since been replaced by more selective aromatase inhibitors. It can also be used for the treatment of hyperadrenocortical syndromes, such as Cushing's syndrome and hyperaldosteronism in adrenocortical carcinoma.
GnRH analogues
Analogs of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) can be used to induce a chemical castration, that is, complete suppression of the production of estrogen and progesterone from the female ovaries, or complete suppression of testosterone production from the male testes. This is due to a negative feedback effect of continuous stimulation of the pituitary gland by these hormones. Leuprorelin and goserelin are GnRH analogs which are used primarily for the treatment of hormone-responsive prostate cancer. Because the initial endocrine response to GnRH analogs is actually hypersecretion of gonadal steroids, hormone receptor antagonists such as flutamide are typically used to prevent a transient boost in tumor growth.
Hormone receptor antagonists
Hormone receptor antagonists bind to the normal receptor for a given hormone and prevent its activation. The target receptor may be on the cell surface, as in the case of peptide and glycoprotein hormones, or it may be intracellular, as in the case of steroid hormone receptors.
Selective estrogen receptor modulators
Selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERMs) are an important class of hormonal therapy agents which act as antagonists of the estrogen receptor and are used primarily for the treatment and chemoprevention of breast cancer. Some members of this family, such as tamoxifen, are actually partial agonists, which can actually increase estrogen receptor signalling in some tissues, such as the endometrium. Tamoxifen is currently first-line treatment for nearly all pre-menopausal women with hormone receptor-positive breast cancer. Raloxifene is another partial agonist SERM which does not seem to promote endometrial cancer, and is used primarily for chemoprevention of breast cancer in high-risk individuals, as well as to prevent osteoporosis. Toremifene and fulvestrant are SERMs with little or no agonist activity, and are used for treatment of metastatic breast cancer.
Antiandrogens
Antiandrogens are a class of drug which bind and inhibit the androgen receptor, blocking the growth- and survival-promoting effects of testosterone on certain prostate cancers. Flutamide and bicalutamide are antiandrogens which are frequently used in the treatment of prostate cancer, either as long-term monotherapy, or in the initial few weeks of GnRH analog therapy. (See also Androgen deprivation therapy)
Hormone supplementation
While most hormonal therapy strategies seek to block hormone signalling to cancer cells, there are some instances in which supplementation with specific hormone agonists may have a growth-inhibiting, or even cytotoxic effect on tumor cells. Because many hormones can produce antagonism and feedback inhibition of the synthesis of other hormones, there is significant overlap between this concept and those discussed above.
Progestogens
Progestins (progesterone-like drugs) such as megestrol acetate and medroxyprogesterone acetate have been used for the treatment of hormone-responsive, advanced breast cancer, endometrial cancer, and prostate cancer. Progestins are also used in the treatment of endometrial hyperplasia, a precursor to endometrial adenocarcinoma. The exact mechanism of action of these hormones is unclear, and may involve both direct effect on the tumor cells (suppression of estrogen receptor levels, alteration of hormone metabolism, direct cytotoxicity) and indirect endocrine effects (suppression of adrenal androgen production and plasma estrone sulfate formation).
Androgens
Fluoxymesterone, an anabolic steroid (testosterone-like) medication, is occasionally used for the treatment of advanced breast cancer. The mechanism of the anticancer effects of this androgen in breast cancer are unclear, but may be analogous to those of progestins.
Estrogens
The estrogen diethylstilbestrol (DES) is occasionally used to treat prostate cancer through suppression of testosterone production. It was previously used in the treatment of breast cancer, but has been replaced by more effective and less toxic agents. Estrace is an estrogen which was also formerly used for antiandrogen therapy of prostate cancer. Polyestradiol phosphate is a long-acting derivative of estradiol that is applied as an intramuscular injection.
Somatostatin analogs
Octreotide is an analog of the peptide hormone somatostatin, which inhibits the production of the growth hormone as well as numerous peptide hormones of the gastrointestinal system, including insulin, glucagon, pancreatic polypeptide, gastric inhibitory polypeptide, and gastrin. Octreotide is used for suppression of the hormonal syndromes which accompany several pancreatic islet cell tumors, including the Zollinger-Ellison syndrome of gastrinoma and the chronic hypoglycemia of insulinoma. It is also effective in suppression of the carcinoid syndrome, caused by advanced or extra-gastrointestinal carcinoid tumors. Octreotide may also be used for treatment of severe diarrhea caused by 5-fluorouracil chemotherapy or radiation therapy.
Non-medical hormonal interventions
In addition to the use of medication to produce tumor-suppressing endocrine alterations, destruction of endocrine organs through surgery or radiation therapy are also possible. Surgical castration, or removal of the testes in males and ovaries in females, have been widely used in the past to treat hormone-responsive prostate cancer and breast cancer respectively. However, these invasive methods have been widely supplanted by the use of GnRH agonists, and other forms of pharmacologic castration.
There are still situations in which surgical castration may be beneficial such as in special cases for women with high risk BRCA mutations.
Hormonal immunotherapy
For more information on this topic, see Immunotherapy
Hormonal stimulation of the immune system with interferons and cytokines has been used to treat specific cancers, including renal cell carcinoma and melanoma.
See also
List of hormonal cytostatic antineoplastic agents
Antiestrogen withdrawal response
Endocrine therapy resistance in breast cancer
References
Cancer hormone therapy
Hormonal antineoplastic drugs
Hieronymus Francken I or Hieronymus Francken the Elder (ca. 1540, Herentals–1610, Paris) was a Flemish painter and an important member of the Francken family of artists. After training in Antwerp, they were mainly active in France, where they became court painter at the French court. Their compositions with elegant groups of dancing figures, musicians and courtiers anticipate the development of this genre in the 17th century.
Life
Hieronymus Francken I was born in Herentals as the son of Nicolaes Francken, a painter from Herentals. Their father later settled in Antwerp and was likely their first teacher. Their brothers Frans Francken I and Ambrosius Francken I both became successful painters.
According to the early 17th century biographer Karel van Mander, who referred to them three times using three different names, i.e. Ieroon Francken van Herenthals, Ieroon Vrancks, and Ieroon Franck, Francken was a pupil of Frans Floris. They probably went to work with Floris in the early 1560s. It is unclear whether they traveled to Italy after their training in Antwerp. Such a trip is suggested by a work of their hand dated 1565 that depicts a scene from the Carnival of Venice (in the Suermondt-Ludwig-Museum in Aachen).
From 1566 to 1572 they were in France where they were one of the masters employed to decorate the Palace of Fontainebleau. Cornelis Floris, the Antwerp architect and brother of Francken's master Frans Floris, sent their son to Paris in 1568 to train with Hieronymus Francken I. Hieronymus became a master in Paris in 1570 and a naturalized French citizen in 1572. This did not stop them from returning to Antwerp regularly. In 1571 they were back in Antwerp to finish the Adoration of the Magi that had been left unfinished by Frans Floris when they died in 1570. In 1574 they are documented in Antwerp.
In 1571 they collaborated with their younger brother Frans on a large Adoration of the Magi triptych (Brussels, Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium and London, Brompton Oratory) which bears their monogram as well as that of their younger brother Frans. The brothers included self-portraits in profile: Hieronymus on the left side and Frans on the right side of the triptych. From 1578 until their death Hieronymus lived in Paris and Fontainebleau. In 1578 Hieronymus married for the second time. Their second wife was Françoise Miraille, the daughter of an Italian embroiderer who was also concierge of Madame de la Roche-sur-Yon in Tournon Street. The couple went on to have seven children. In 1619 four of their children were recorded as still being alive. Their daughter Isabella was a history and genre painter. They were successful and frequented higher middle-class circles. It is possibly that they also operated a side business as an art dealer.
Hieronymus was appointed court painter to the French court in 1594. Their service at the French court had already started before this date. In the course of their career they served a large number of kings and queens including Louise de Lorraine (in 1578, 1587 and 1588), Henry III of France (in 1583), the Queen-mother Catherine de' Medici (in 1586, 1600 and 1603) and Henry IV of France (in 1603 and 1610) as well as Marie de' Medici (in 1603). Near the end of their life, in 1607, Hieronymus was elevated to the nobility and could from then onwards refer to themselves as 'noble homme, peintre du roy' ('nobleman, painter to the king').
Hieronymus Francken I was the teacher of Abraham Bloemaert during Bloemaert's short stay in Paris and Fontainebleau from 1581 to 1583.
Work
Hieronymus Francken I painted religious works, that were idealistic and fully in line with 16th-century taste. They also painted allegorical works and groups of dancers at the court. Along with the work of Lodewijk Toeput, these compositions with elegant groups of dancing figures, musicians and courtiers of Francken anticipate the development of this genre in the 17th century, especially in the work of their nephew Frans Francken II.
They also painted portraits. A self-portrait has been preserved and they included self-portraits in various of their history paintings. In 1602, Hieronymus made a group-portrait of the senior merchants, city officers and aldermen of Paris (current location unknown, probably destroyed in 1871).
Their paintings are in an elegant Mannerist style and unite elements of the Antwerp, Italian (especially Venetian) and French styles, although the influence of Fontainebleau is the most pronounced.
Hieronymus was much acclaimed for their anatomical drawings, as is confirmed by Philip Galle's series of prints published under the title Instruction et fondements de bien pourtraire. They likely also made designs for prints. A signed Let the children come unto me was engraved by Peeter Baltens but no other print design by their hand is known.
Family tree
References
External links
1540 births
1610 deaths
Flemish Renaissance painters
Flemish history painters
Flemish genre painters
Artists from Antwerp
Court painters
Hieronymus
The Sasol Global Touring Car Championship is a South African touring car series co-founded by Gary Formato and Vic Maharaj in 2016 and sanctioned by MSA. Sasol has been the series' title sponsor and sole fuel supplier since its inaugural season. It has dubbed itself South Africa's "premier motorsport championship".
The series is divided of two classes, namely GTC (which runs silhouette racing cars) and GTC supacup.
History
Following the folding of the National Production Car Championship in late 2015, South Africa lacked a premier touring car racing series. The Sasol GTC Championship (which had been in development for nearly four years), spearheaded by Vic Maharaj and Gary Formato, was given the green light by Motorsport South Africa in March 2015.
The new series was set to be attractive due to its lower costs (reportedly R200,000 less for a season than the NPCC). All the cars would run identical six-speed Albins sequential gearboxes (identical to those used in the Supercars Championship), shock absorbers, suspension and brakes in order to aid cost-saving. The car regulations would be frozen for the series's first five seasons, and car development was banned. Originally slated to consist of four manufacturers (Audi, Ford, Nissan and Jaguar) fielding 12 cars between them, there were only 10 cars fielded in the inaugural race at Zwartkops Raceway. With Nissan and Jaguar completely pulling out before the championship even began, the series attracted Volkswagen and BMW to also enter two and four cars respectively.
The inaugural season calendar consisted of seven rounds with two races each, except for the rounds at Killarney Race Track and Aldo Scribante, of which each had three races. It kicked off at Zwartkops Raceway on the 9th of August, seeing South African racing veteran Michael Stephen take the series's first ever victory. The season finale was staged at Prince George Circuit in East London, with Stephen being crowned the first Sasol GTC champion. Gennaro Bonafede finished as championship runner-up with five victories to their name.
Cars
GTC
The cars consist of a single-specification tubular chassis with metal bodywork, supplied by the manufacturer. Each manufacturer also provides a turbocharged 2-litre petrol engine which produces a maximum of 436 bhp and 600 nm of torque. All cars are rear-wheel drive. The gearboxes are standardised Albins six-speed sequential gearboxes, the same gearboxes used in the Australian Supercars Championship. Suspension parts, dampers and brakes are also standard across all cars, and all cars run slick tyres provided by Dunlop. Traction control and Anti-lock braking systems are banned. Sasol provides fuel to all cars. The cars were anticipated to reach up to 280 km/h prior to the first season.
Following a series of engine issues during the first round of the 2017 season, changes had to be introduced to lessen stress on the engines. This included setting an RPM-limit of 7200, as well as decreasing the absolute boost pressure of the turbochargers to 2100 millibars.
GTC2
The GTC2 class allows for production racing cars only, also with 2-litre turbocharged petrol engines, but instead capped to 281 bhp. The cars have to be front-wheel drive and must keep their factory engines, gearboxes and dashboards. Limited-slip differentials are permitted in order to aid traction. They use steel tube roll cages built by South African ex-racing driver Etienne van der Linde. Unlike in the GTC Class, aftermarket shock absorbers are permitted, but are cost-capped at R50 000 per set. Each car is given one set of Dunlop slick tyres at the beginning of a season, and then two fresh tyres at each race.
Champions
Drivers
Manufacturers
References
Touring car races
Lakhovsky is a Russian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Arnold Lakhovsky (1880–1937), Russian-Ukrainian landscape painter
Georges Lakhovsky (1870–1942), Russian engineer, scientist, author, and inventor
See also
Lyakhovsky (disambiguation)
Russian-language surnames
Tianjin–Jizhou railway or Jinji railway () is a 92 km long minor railway line in China connecting urban Tianjin and Jizhou. In 2015, a number of regional rail services referred as Line S9 started operating on the line.
Stations for passenger services
Stations don't provide passenger services, but freight transports: Nancang, 129 Gongli, Beicang, Hangouzhen, Xinzhuang, Yangxinzhuang
See also
Transport in Tianjin
Notes and references
External links
Railway lines in China
Rail transport in Tianjin
Maglass () is a townland in the parish of Ballymacelligott, which is situated between two towns, Tralee and Castleisland, County Kerry, Ireland. Ballymacelligott is the biggest parish in Munster. Maglass is a farming area, with the nearest shop and post office is approximately 1 mile from Maglass in Ballydwyer. The nearest church is a further mile in Clogher, where there is also a National School.
Archaeology
The townland has an earthwork, 2 ringforts and a fulacht fiadh listed in the Archaeological Survey Database.
See also
List of townlands of County Kerry
References
Townlands of County Kerry
The Aufruf der Kulturschaffenden (translated from German into English as "call to the artists", or more literally "call to the cultural workers" or "call to the cultural sector") was a declaration by German artists of their loyalty to Adolf Hitler. The Aufruf was printed in the Völkischer Beobachter, the Nazi party newspaper, on 18 August 1934, the day before a plebiscite to confirm the merger of the offices of President (the head of state), and Chancellor (the head of government), in the person of Adolf Hitler.
Hitler was appointed as Chancellor of Germany following a general election in January 1933. After the Reichstag fire on 27 February 1933, and elections that returned Hitler to power on 5 March, Hitler moved rapidly to consolidate their power with the passing of the Enabling Act on 23 March 1933, which allowed Hitler bypass the German legislature and pass laws at will. After the death of President Paul von Hindenburg on 2 August, a referendum was passed on 19 August, with 88.1% voting to confirm the merger of the post of President with that of Chancellor, and Hitler became Führer und Reichskanzler.
The declaration states confidence in the leadership of Adolf Hitler, faith in and loyalty to him, and hope for the future. The statement followed similar public statements by others such as writers and poets (the Gelöbnis treuester Gefolgschaft in October 1933) and university professors (the Bekenntnis der deutschen Professoren zu Adolf Hitler, in November 1933).
Among the artists to sign the Aufruf were:
Ernst Barlach (1870-1938), sculptor, writer and artist
Emil Fahrenkamp (1885-1966), architect
Wilhelm Furtwängler (1886-1954), conductor and composer
Gustav Havemann (1882-1960), violinist
Erich Heckel (1883-1970), painter and graphic artist
Hanns Johst (1890-1978), writer
Georg Kolbe (1877-1947), sculptor
Erwin Guido Kolbenheyer (1878-1962), writer
Agnes Miegel (1879-1964), writer, journalist and poet
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe (1886-1969), architect
Emil Nolde (1867-1956), painter
Hans Pfitzner (1869-1949), composer
Richard Strauss (1864-1949), composer
Josef Thorak (1889-1952), sculptor
Some works of several of the artists to sign the Aufruf were later condemned as degenerate art.
References
(in German)
Nazi propaganda
1934 documents
Oaths of allegiance
Nazi culture
1934 in Germany
James S. Burk (born 1948) is an American sociologist and professor at Texas A&M University.  They are most notable as a scholar of military sociology, political sociology, and the history of sociology.  They are a central figure in the study of civil-military relations in democratic societies.
Biography
Burk was born in Baltimore, Maryland in 1948. They enlisted in the Maryland National Guard and served from 1968 to 1974. In 1975, they received their BS degree in sociology, magna cum laude, from Towson University. They then earned their MA in sociology in 1978 and PhD in sociology in 1982 from the University of Chicago. They cite their primary intellectual influences as Edward Shils and Morris Janowitz, founder of sociological studies of the military. Burk taught for two years at McGill University in Montreal and then joined Texas A&M University in 1983, where they are now a full professor. They received a Distinguished Teaching Award from A&M's College of Liberal Arts in 1990. From 1995 to 1998, they were editor-in-chief of the journal Armed Forces & Society. In 2009, they received the Morris Janowitz Career Achievement Award from the Inter-University Seminar on Armed Forces and Society. One year later, Burk was named a Cornerstone Faculty Fellow in Texas A&M's College of Liberal Arts. They were elected chair and president of the Inter-University Seminar on Armed Forces & Society in 2013. In 2014, they received the Robin M. Williams, Jr. Award for Distinguished Contributions to Scholarship, Teaching and Service from the Peace, War, and Social Conflict section of the American Sociological Association.
Career
Throughout their career, Burk has examined issues related to civil-military relations, military sociology, the history of sociology, and the use and regulation of power in relation to democracy. Burk has made distinctive contributions to the history of sociology, especially in relation to the history of military sociology. They collaborated with David R. Segal on a four-volume anthology of primary source materials, documenting key themes in the development of military sociology from the early nineteenth century to the present. Burk has written a comprehensive biographical essay of Janowitz. The essay appears as an introduction to Burk's edited collection of Janowitz's papers published in the Heritage of Sociological Series of the University of Chicago Press.
Over four decades, Burk has studied issues related to the use and abuse of power in democratic societies. Their early work on the evolution of American stock market regulation from 1880 to 1980 demonstrates this theme. In the field of military sociology, their work shaped debates in the field, challenging the notion prevalent in the 1990s that the American public would not support military missions if they incurred casualties. Burk also engaged in debates about the integration of race and gender minorities in the all-volunteer force, proposing a new approach for identifying institutional discrimination, which previous analyses omitted. Burk also clarified basic theoretical concepts used to study civil-military relations, such as “military culture,” “constabulary force,” and “civilian control.” They have also introduced new concepts for theory building, relating to the “moral contract” of military service, the military's “institutional presence” in society, and the discretion of soldiers to do “what is wrong.” Finally, Burk's work probes how the changing logics of war affect the military's ability to protect and sustain liberal democracies and liberal democratic values.
Selected publications
2013. (edited) How 9-11 Changed Our Ways of War. Stanford: Stanford University Press.
2012. (edited with David R. Segal). Military Sociology, four volumes. London: Sage Publications.
2012. (with Evelyn Espinoza Sandoval). “Military Race Relations,” Annual Review of Sociology 38: 401–422.
2009. “Responsible Obedience and the Discretion to Do What is Wrong.” American Civil-Military Relations: Realities and Challenges in the New Era, ed. Suzanne Nielsen and Don Snider. Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press: 149–171.
2008. “Military Culture,” Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, & Conflict, vol. 2, 2nd ed., ed. Lester Kurtz. Oxford: Elsevier: 1242–1256.
2005. “Strategic Assumptions and Moral Implications of the Constabulary Force.” Journal of Military Ethics 4 (3): 155–167.
2002.“Theories of Democratic Civil-Military Relations.” Armed Forces & Society 29 (Fall): 7-29.
2002. “Expertise, Jurisdiction, and Legitimacy of the Military Profession.” The Future of the Army Profession, ed. Don Snider and Gayle Watkins. New York: McGraw-Hill.
2001. “The Military's Presence in American Society, 1950-2000.” Soldiers and Civilians: The Civil-Military Gap in American National Security, ed. Peter D. Feaver, Richard H. Kohn, and Lindsay Cohn. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press: 247–274.
1999. “Public Support for Peacekeeping in Lebanon and Somalia: Assessing the Casualties Hypothesis,” Political Science Quarterly 114 (Spring): 53–78.
1995. “Military Service and Citizenship Status,” Armed Forces & Society 21 (Summer): 503–529.
1993. "Morris Janowitz and the Origins of Sociological Research on Armed Forces and Society." Armed Forces & Society. 19 (Winter): 167–185.
1992. Values in the Marketplace: The American Stock Market under Federal Securities Law. New York: Aldine de Gruyter.
1991. “Introduction: A Pragmatic Sociology,” Morris Janowitz On Social Organization and Social Control. Chicago: University of Chicago Press: 1-56
References
American sociologists
Texas A&M University faculty
Living people
Towson University alumni
1948 births
People from Baltimore
20th-century social scientists
21st-century social scientists
Bardhaman Purba Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 543 parliamentary constituencies in India. The constituency is based on Purba Bardhaman district in West Bengal. All the seven assembly segments of No. 38 Bardhaman Purba Lok Sabha constituency are in Purba Bardhaman district. The seat is reserved for scheduled castes.Great revolutionary Rash Behari Bose was born in village Subaldaha. The birthplace of great Rash Behari Bose is in this Lok sabha constituency.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, Burdwan Lok Sabha constituency, Katwa Lok Sabha constituency and Durgapur Lok Sabha constituency ceased to exist from 2009 and new constituencies came into being: Bardhaman Purba Lok Sabha constituency and Bardhaman-Durgapur Lok Sabha constituency.
Assembly segments
Bardhaman Purba Lok Sabha constituency (parliamentary constituency no. 38) is composed of the following assembly segments:
Members of Parliament
For Members of Parliament from this area in previous years see Burdwan Lok Sabha constituency and Katwa Lok Sabha constituency
Election results
General election 2019
General election 2014
General election 2009
See also
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
References
Lok Sabha constituencies in West Bengal
Politics of Purba Bardhaman district
Patrick Wayne Ribble (born April 26, 1954 in Leamington, Ontario) is a Canadian retired ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League between 1975 and 1983.
A defenceman, Ribble was selected in 1974 by both the Atlanta Flames of the National Hockey League and the Indianapolis Racers of the World Hockey Association. They also played for the Chicago Black Hawks, Toronto Maple Leafs, Washington Capitals, and Calgary Flames. In addition, in 1978 Pat Ribble played at the World Championships with Canada, winning a bronze medal.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
External links
Profile at hockeydraftcentral.com
1954 births
Living people
Atlanta Flames draft picks
Atlanta Flames players
Calgary Flames players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Chicago Blackhawks players
Colorado Flames players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Indianapolis Checkers players
Indianapolis Racers draft picks
Oklahoma City Stars players
Omaha Knights (CHL) players
Oshawa Generals players
Salt Lake Golden Eagles (IHL) players
People from Leamington, Ontario
Toronto Maple Leafs players
Tulsa Oilers (1964–1984) players
Washington Capitals players
Klopfenstein's was an upscale men's clothing store in the Seattle-Tacoma Metropolitan Area founded in 1918 in Tacoma, Washington. Stores were operated in most of the area's major shopping malls as well as stores in downtown Tacoma and Seattle, across the street from Frederick & Nelson's flagship store. It was owned by Hartmarx from the late 1960s until its closing in 1992.
History
Formative years
Clarence F. Klopfenstein was born in Tacoma, Washington in 1890 to a Mennonite family who had come to the Northwest in 1882 from Iowa. After Graduating from High School, they went to work for a New York-based clothing company, traveling the Tacoma area and selling clothes.
The store's history can be traced back to early 1909 when Klopfenstein and a man named Conrad purchased the Uzafovage & Sampson Building at 1321 Commerce Street in downtown Tacoma to house their menswear store.
In 1918, Edward Mason and Klopfenstein entered into a partnership selling men's wear. They opened their new store at 936 Pacific. Mason was president with Klopfenstein serving as vice-president. They soon expanded, opening a store in downtown Seattle in 1924 at 1310 Second Avenue. The next year, Klopfenstein bought out their partner and the store became known as Klopfenstein's.
Peak operations
The store became a gathering place for "discriminating gentlemen", attracting the movers and shakers of Seattle, including pioneers, city councilman, business leaders, and even Teamster Boss, Dave Beck. The store moved again to Fourth Avenue and ownership would be passed to Clarence's son Hugh. In 1966, Klopfenstein's merged with another Seattle clothing store, Leslie - Hughes and for a brief time the company was known as Klopfenstein's - Leslie - Hughes. The store moved again in 1967 to the corner of 6th Avenue and Pine Street in the Heffernan Building, newly remodeled by architects Herbert Sobel and Richard Bouillon. This new, large store cost $500,000 and was described as "elegantly masculine but... friendly". While primarily tailoring (literally) to men's clothing, this new store also included a women's clothing department. "That store became a gathering place for downtown Seattle business people, recalled Karl Klopfenstein, a son of the founder. "Often, dozens of business people would come to the store after work - perhaps joining in a casual game of miniature golf played around the clothing racks - before moving on to Rosellini's restaurant, and home." Shortly after the new store was built, Hugh sold the family business to the Chicago based Hartmarx Corporation. They expanded the brand, opening stores in Alaska, Portland, Oregon, as well as stores in most of the malls in the Seattle area.
Later years and demise
In the Summer of 1989, Klopfenstein's flagship relocated to the newly constructed Two Union Square tower. Their old location would be occupied by Pierce Gallery, later to become part of Pacific Place (Seattle). By 1990, parent company Hartmarx was beginning to struggle financially, and cuts in its holdings were inevitable. An increase in competition from The Bon Marché and Nordstrom were cutting into its market, forcing it to scale down prices. Seeing no other option, Hartmarx sold Klopfenstein's and several other stores including Seattle men's store Littler's to investors HSSA Group Ltd., which proceeded to shutter all of them. All Klopfenstein stores would be closed by the Summer of 1993, not long after Frederick & Nelson shut its doors.
Timeline
1909 - Clarence Klopfenstein & Conrad open for business in downtown Tacoma
1918 - Klopfenstein & Mason open new men's store in Tacoma
1924 - New Klopfenstein's opens in downtown Seattle
1925 - Klopfenstein buys out partner, store now known as just Klopfenstein's
1939 - New $80,000 Fourth Avenue Store designed by McClelland & Jones opens on May 13. Ownership passed from father to son, Hugh.
1950 - store opened in new Northgate Mall
1960 - First Oregon location opened in Lloyd Center
1962 - Aurora Village Store opens
1965 - Tacoma Mall location opens on November 26.
1966 - Store merges with Leslie - Hughes
1967 - Klopfenstein's moves into new $500,000 home at 6th Avenue & Pine Street, Seattle
1968 - Company sold to Hartmarx Corporation
1984 - Clarence Klopfenstein dies at age 93.
1989 - Downtown store moved yet again to Two Union Square
1992 - Hartmarx sells off Klopfenstein's division. All stores are closed by Summer of 1993.
References
Humphrey, Clark. Vanishing Seattle. San Francisco, CA: Arcadia Publishing, 2006. Print.
External links
Klopfenstein's ad from 1927 University of Washington yearbook (Tyee)
Defunct companies based in Seattle
Retail companies established in 1909
Retail companies disestablished in 1992
1909 establishments in Washington (state)
1992 disestablishments in Washington (state)
In computer science, a U-form is an abstract data type comprising a collection of attribute–value pairs associated with a universally-unique identifier (UUID). A U-form essentially comprises an associative array augmented with a UUID and with keys limited to strings.
The UUID that is associated with a u-form is immutable, however all data "contained" in the u-form are mutable (including the keys/names).
The mutability of contained data combined with an immutable identifier make implementations of fully mutable, replicable digital objects possible.
This has applications in distributed computing, non-relational database systems, information visualization, and knowledge representation systems.
Navigational databases, Entity and associative entity relationships can be implemented by using a UUID, or multiple UUIDs, as attribute values.
The u-form's design goals center around supporting an open, extensible distributed information space, emphasizing the unambiguous identity of data objects and the separation between data storage, data characterization, and schema development.
The use of non-semantic UUIDs combined with a simple attribute–value model draws a clear distinction between identity and data.
Although u-forms share certain design characteristics with serialization formats such as XML, they should not be confused with such representational formats. Since u-forms are abstract, they do not specify any particular representational format. Indeed, they may be stored as or communicated via XML or other types of serialization.
Operations
The operations defined for a u-form are similar to associative arrays:
Set_Attribute: Bind an attribute name to a value (replacing any existing binding to that name)
Delete_Attribute: Unbind an attribute name from a value and remove the name from the u-form
Get_Attribute: Find the value (if any) that is bound to a name.
List_Attributes: Find all names that have a non-empty value.
Properties
U-forms have the following properties:
A UUID is defined as an array of bytes that is intended to be unique in the Universe.
Note that these are not limited to the standards for ISO, Microsoft, or DCE UUIDs though those are examples of acceptable sources of UUIDs.
Attribute names are case-folded and normalized strings of Unicode characters
Values are arbitrary-length arrays of bytes (BLOBs, though not necessary "large")
Each attribute has only one value (though the bytes may be interpreted to represent a vector of data)
The number of attribute–value pairs is arbitrary and extensible at any time
The attribute–value pairs are treated as a set (i.e., they are unordered)
Copying vs replication
An important characteristic of u-forms, of significance to distributed database systems, is that they support a clear distinction between copying and replication of data objects. Copying a u-form involves the creation of a new u-form (i.e., one with a different UUID), but with all attribute–value pairs identical to those of the original u-form. Replicating a u-form involves creating a new instance of the u-form with the same UUID as the original. Note that in a distributed system, two instances of the same u-form may be inconsistent (i.e., they may contain different attribute–value pairs). However, the fact that they have the same UUID means that they are intended to eventually be identical.
History
U-forms were developed at MAYA Design as part of the Visage Information Visualization System, a joint project of MAYA and Carnegie Mellon University funded by DARPA and The Army Research Laboratory. The name "u-form" derives from the term "e-form", a hypothetical "electronic form" proposed by Michael Dertouzos in their 1997 book "What Will Be". In addition to their continuing use in Visage, they have been used as the basis of a number of significant research
and large-scale production systems, most notably the US Army's Command Post of the Future.
References
External links
http://www.maya.com/portfolio/maya-universal-database
http://www.bio-itworld.com/issues/2006/july-aug/infocommons/
http://www.asis.org/Bulletin/Jun-07/Bulletin_JunJul07.pdf
http://www.biotech-online.com/fileadmin/artimg/the-universal-genetics-database_-information-sharing-in-genetics-and-beyond.pdf
https://books.google.com/books?id=oDYEAAAAMBAJ&lpg=PA20&vq=u-form&pg=PA20#v=onepage&q&f=false
Abstract data types
Unique identifiers
This is an episode list for the animated television series G.I. Joe Extreme.
Episodes
Season 1 (1995–1996)
Season 2 (1996–1997)
References
External links
List of G.I. Joe Extreme episodes at the Internet Movie Database
G. I. Joe Extreme
The AJK Jaguars () was a Pakistani men's professional Twenty20 cricket team that competed in the Haier T20 League and based in Mirpur, Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Pakistan. The Jaguars played at the Mirpur Cricket Stadium and was owned by the AJK Regional Cricket Association.
History
The AJK Jaguars were formed in 2014–15 season to represent the region Azad Kashmir in the national tournament.
The 2014-15 tournament was a terrible tournament for them as they lost all four matches in their group coming last and therefore got eliminated from the tournament.
The 2015-16 tournament didn't go well either as they only won one match out of the three matches they played. They had the same number of points as Quetta Bears but had a worse net run rate so they came third and got eliminated once more. This would also be their last season.
Fixtures and results
See also
Abbottabad Falcons
Peshawar Panthers
Afghan Cheetahs
References
External links
Cricket clubs established in 2014
2014 establishments in Pakistan
Cricket teams in Pakistan
Sport in Azad Kashmir
The Tupolev Samolyot 135 was a designation that was used for two different strategic bomber projects in the Soviet Union in the late 1950s and early 1960s, neither of which progressed beyond the drawing board.
Design and development
The first, proposed in 1958, was for a Tupolev Tu-95 derivative carrying a long-range cruise-missile, to be based on the Tsybin RS (S-30), Tupolev Samolyot 100 or Tupolev Samolyot 113 missiles. The combination was estimated to have a total range of approximately .
Two years later the second iteration of '135' was envisioned as a supersonic interdiction bomber powered by a variety of engines in many configurations, including as a nuclear-powered bomber. The design settled to a canard delta, similar to the North American XB-70A Valkyrie, with paired Kuznetsov NK-6 turbofan engine nacelles under each wing and a large single fin. Weapons would largely have been missiles, as designed, for maritime interdiction as well as long-range interdiction of enemy logistics. The design was constantly evolving and gave Tupolev valuable experience which would assist in the later design of the Tupolev Tu-22M and Tupolev Tu-160 bombers.
Further development of the '135 was suspended when the Sukhoi T-4 became the favoured outcome of the design efforts in the early 1960s,as well as high estimated cost of the '135'. Variants that were studied included: the 135K maritime strike / interdiction; '135P' supersonic transport (SST); a reconnaissance variant with cameras and ELINT equipment.
Specifications (estimated)
References
External links
Tu-0160
1960s Soviet bomber aircraft
Quadjets
Low-wing aircraft
Delta-wing aircraft
Variable-sweep-wing aircraft
Abandoned military aircraft projects of the Soviet Union
Universidad Nueva Esparta is a private university in Caracas. It was founded in 1954 by Dr. Juan Bautista Marcano Marcano and Prof. Gladys J. Carmona de Marcano.
The University is located in Los Naranjos, Caracas and it was first started as an Institute until it got all requisites to become a full University.
Career options such as Computer Science, Civil Engineering, Graphic Design, and Electronic Engineering are offered inside the Campus.
External links
Official site
References
Universities and colleges in Caracas
Educational institutions established in 1954
1954 establishments in Venezuela
Thomas Duncombe (c.1683–1746) of Duncombe Park, Yorks was a British Tory politician who sat in the House of Commons in two parliaments between 1711 and 1741
Duncombe was born Thomas Browne, the only son of Thomas Browne, merchant, of St Margaret's, Westminster and their wife Ursula Duncombe, daughter of Alexander Duncombe of Drayton, Buckinghamshire. Their father was involved with their uncle, the banker Sir Charles Duncombe, in making government loans in the reign of Charles II and continued to do so on their own after 1690, lending various sums.. They matriculated at Christ Church, Oxford on 27 April 1703, aged 19 and was admitted at Inner Temple in 1709. In 1711 they succeeded to the Yorkshire estates, of their uncle Sir Charles Duncombe and assumed the name of Duncombe. They married Sarah Slingsby, daughter of Sir Thomas Slingsby, 4th Baronet, of Scriven, Yorkshire on 18 August 1714.
Duncombe was returned unopposed as Member of Parliament for Downton in a by-election on 9 May 1711 in succession to their late uncle. They were acting as a stop-gap for the rest of that Parliament and was probably a Tory like the rest of their family.  They are not recorded as having voted in any of the divisions during their time in Parliament but it is not possible to distinguish their contributions from those of other Duncombes. They did not stand for Parliament at the 1713 British general election.
Duncombe succeeded to the estates of their father in 1720. They were High Sheriff of Yorkshire for the year 1727 to 1728. At the 1734 British general election, they were returned as MP for Ripon by John Aislabie, whose daughter had married their brother-in-law, Sir Henry Slingsby, 5th Baronet. They voted against the Administration, was not asked to stand at the 1741 British general election,
Duncombe died on 23 March 1746 leaving three sons and two daughters. Their eldest son, Thomas also became a British politician
References
1680s births
1746 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1710–1713
British MPs 1734–1741
High Sheriffs of Yorkshire
Fanny Dénoix or Fanny Dénoix des Vergnes (1798-1879) was a French poet and writer who was lauded as "the muse of the Oise," the site of their well known poem, Jeanne Hachette, or the siege of Beauvais.
Biography
Fanny was born Marie-Françoise Descampeaux, in Luchy (Oise), France on May 5, 1798. Them father was Jean-Françoise Descampeaux and their mother, Marie-Jeanne Boutielle. Them father was the tutor for one of the sons of King Louis XV. From an early age, Fanny loved literature, preferring "the reveries of solitude to the distractions of the world."
Married first to Mr. Lavergnat, Fanny married a second time on 16 February 1818 to Mr. Dénoix des Vergnes, surgeon of the Royal Guard dragoons. From 1832 on, they published collections of poems under the name of Fanny Dénoix, Fanny Denoix (without the accent, which corresponds to the local pronunciation of their name) or Fanny Dénoix des Vergnes.
Correspondent
Dénoix corresponded with many French intellectuals of the time including, Victor Hugo, Chateaubriand, Eugène Sue and Alphonse de Lamartine.
On 29 June 1832, as Dénoix was just exploring their poetic aspirations, they learned that the famed writer, François-René de Chateaubriand, had been imprisoned. According to an account by Countess Amable Tastu, Dénoix "flew to Paris, entered the hotel of the police prefecture, and despite the most severe orders, obstacles constantly raised, refusals a thousand times repeated, they reached the dungeon of the illustrious prisoner. Thrilled with confusion, emotion, happiness, they could finally contemplate the august features of the author of Rene, hearing the sound of their immortal voice and savoring the touching expression of their gratitude. Full of inexpressible delight, they returned to their province, exclaiming: "This day is the most beautiful of my life!" A correspondence ensued with the famed writer answering "in the most generous way." Some of those letters have been preserved.
Poet and writer
In 1833, Dénoix published a poem, Jeanne Hachette, or the siege of Beauvais winning an award at the Toulouse Floral Games, and was described as a "young woman with born talent." In 1837, they published Why I am a Poet: To my detractors in the Memoirs of the Academy of Sciences, Letters and Arts of Amiens.
Dénoix produced their first poetry collection in 1837, Hours of Solitude, and perhaps their most ambitious endeavor was to translate into verse the Mysteries of Paris by Eugène Sue (1843). After the 1848 French revolution, Fanny Dénoix became actively involved in politics, publishing an ode to the army (1850), a collection of patriotic verses (1855), and a salute to Pierre-Joseph Proudhon (1858).
In 1851, in Beauvais, on the occasion of the erection of the statue to Jeanne Hachette (who was being remembered for their heroism in 1472), Dénoix read their renown poem about the hero using "flaming stanzas that were reflected on the lips of the 'Muse de l'Oise,' with a superhuman enthusiasm." On that same occasion, the author bequeathed to the city the substantial sum of 5,000 francs with the stipulation that the interest would be awarded every four years to deserving poets. (To put that sum in perspective, in 1831, a working-class family could rent a small house for about 40 francs a year.) They took that opportunity to make the first awards: Paul Dupont-Sevres (200 fr), the unnamed author of a Latin poem "Ode to Jeanne Hachette" (200 fr.), and Laçroix de a Neuville-en-Ilez (100 fr). The prizes were awarded 1880-1914, ceasing with World War I.
Congress member
Dénoix was a contributor to Flandre Illustrée and a member of several intellectual societies, notably the 1853 scientific congress, for which they authored a poem, To the city of Arras. According to Gerson, they were one of only three female members of the congress among 421 men. They note that "women published less than two percent of historical monographs between 1866 and 1875, for instance. Their subordinate role in this patrimonial field suggests that they struggled to impose themselves within an amateurish realm that participated in a broader program of political exclusion."
Death
Dénoix died in Beauvais, France on 17 January 1879, at about 82 years of age.
Honors
Awarded an honorable mention of the Academy of Floral Games of Toulouse for Jeanne Hachette, or the seat of Beauvais
Received an honorable mention from the Philotechnical Society, The Universal Exhibition, April 1868
A street in the city of Beauvais (Rue Denoix des Vergnes) near the Jeu de Paume was named after them in 1882. The plaque on display there spells their name Denoix, without an accent.
Selected works
Among their many books, poems and letters, the author's name is spelled Dénoix or Denoix (without the accent).
The Holly Fountain, by Fanny Dénoix
Jeanne Hachette, or the siege of Beauvais, a poem by Fanny Denoix
The Brothers of Christian doctrine in Beauvais, letter to the Progress of the Somme by Fanny Denoix Vergnes
Gisors-Neauffles, by Fanny Dénoix
To Napoleon III, by Fanny Dénoix des Vergnes
To HM the Empress of Mexico, by Fanny Dénoix des Vergnes
Jefferson Davis before the High Court of Justice, by Fanny Dénoix des Vergnes
M. de Cavour, by Fanny Dénoix des Vergnes
To Victor Hugo, by Fanny Dénoix des Vergnes
The Return, by Fanny Dénoix des Vergnes
Without fear and without reproach, poetry, by Fanny Dénoix des Vergnes
Hours of solitude, poems by Fanny Denoix, 1837
The Council, letters written in the Journal d'Amiens, by Fanny Dénoix des Vergnes
Warriors and sentimental, poems by Fanny Denoix
Honor to you! Virtues, Courage, Glory, by Fanny Dénoix des Vergnes
Mysteries of Paris (from the novel Les Mystères de Paris by Eugène Sue), poem, by Fanny Dénoix, 1843
Compiègne, La Forêt, by Fanny Dénoix / Fanny Dénoix des Vergnes
Pierrefonds, by Fanny Dénoix
To the French Army, by Fanny Dénoix des Vergnes, 1850
Heart and Country, by Fanny Dénoix des Vergnes, 1855
Floods, by Fanny Dénoix des Vergnes, 1856
Cancan, by Fanny Dénoix des Vergnes, 1857
Stances, poem (for the inauguration of the Beauvais railway ), 1857
Beauvais, by Fanny Vergnes Denoix, 1858
Toby, Dog of Muse, to Milord, Dog of Czar, by Fanny Dénoix des Vergnes, 1865
Here and there, Historical Studies (including Visit to Monsieur de Chateaubriand), by Fanny Dénoix des Vergnes, 1865
Let the justice of a woman, by Fanny Vergnes Denoix (sic), 1866
My Politics, by Fanny Dénoix des Vergnes, 1867
References
1798 births
1879 deaths
French women poets
19th-century French poets
19th-century French women writers
People from Oise
Pseudonymous women writers
19th-century pseudonymous writers
Westfall is an unincorporated community in Malheur County, Oregon, United States. Westfall is about west of Vale. Westfall has a post office with ZIP code 97920.
History
Westfall was founded by Levi Westfall in 1870.
The Moses and Mary Hart Stone House and Ranch Complex, constructed in the vicinity of Westfall in 1898, is on the National Register of Historic Places.
Climate
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Westfall has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.
References
1870 establishments in Oregon
Populated places established in 1870
Former populated places in Malheur County, Oregon
Ghost towns in Oregon
Unincorporated communities in Malheur County, Oregon
Unincorporated communities in Oregon
Fritz Gassmann (1899–1990) was a Swiss mathematician and geophysicist.
Life
Their Ph.D. advisors at ETH Zurich were George Pólya and Hermann Weyl. They were a geophysics professor at the ETH Zurich.
Legacy
Gassmann is the eponym for the Gassmann triple and Gassmann's equation.
Selected publications
Gassmann, Fritz (1951). Über die Elastizität poröser Medien. Viertel. Naturforsch. Ges. Zürich, 96, 1 – 23. (English translation available as pdf here).
References
Gerald L. Alexanderson, "The Random Walks of George Pólya". Mathematical Association of America, 1999. 303pp. .
External links
ETH Zurich Webpage
1951 Photo
1899 births
1990 deaths
20th-century Swiss mathematicians
Number theorists
Swiss geophysicists
ETH Zurich faculty
ETH Zurich alumni
Osgood was a city in Cass County, North Dakota in the United States. The city was located on the east side of the Sheyenne River, three miles south of West Fargo. Osgood was founded in 1884 as "Garfield" (named in honor of the recently assassinated President James A. Garfield). The name was changed to "Osgood", in honor of the landowner who ceded the site to C.C. Furnberg, who located a country store and post office at the town site. The post office and country store ceased operations in 1953. Furnberg's son, Oscar, donated the store to the Cass County Historical Society, where it was restored and put on display at the Bonanzaville, USA pioneer village museum. Today, Osgood is no longer a city. Instead, the general vicinity of Osgood is now a neighborhood of Fargo, North Dakota, centered on a golf course. The course and neighborhood still bear the "Osgood" name. Many roads in the neighborhood, such as Fernberg Place and Houkum Court, were named after families who originally lived in the town. Pictures of the former town can be found in the Osgood Golf Course clubhouse and in the Osgood Hornbacher's supermarket.
External links
Aerial of Osgood Development
Fargo–Moorhead
Geography of Cass County, North Dakota
Neighborhoods in North Dakota
Kim Anand Thayil (born September 4, 1960) is an American musician best known as the lead guitarist of the Seattle-based rock band Soundgarden, which they co-founded with singer Chris Cornell and bassist Hiro Yamamoto in 1984. Cornell and Thayil remained as the original members of the band until Cornell's death in 2017, and the band's subsequent split in 2018. Thayil was named the 100th greatest guitarist of all time by Rolling Stone in 2010, and the 67th greatest guitarist of all time by SPIN in 2012. Thayil has won two Grammy Awards as a member of Soundgarden.
Biography
Childhood and early life
Born in Seattle in 1960, Thayil grew up in the Chicago suburb of Park Forest. Their parents came from the state of Kerala in India to Seattle. Their mother Shanti Thayil was a music teacher who studied to be a concert pianist at the Royal Academy of Music. Their father Boniface Thayil earned a degree in chemical engineering, received employment in Chicago and moved there with their family.
Thayil started writing lyrics at 12 years old. In 1977, they formed their first band in Chicago, Bozo And The Pinheads, a punk rock band. They did both original songs (written by Thayil and inspired by their punk music tastes) and cover tunes (mostly the Sex Pistols, Devo and the Ramones). Their first gig was at a school talent show for an audience of about 500 people.
They played guitar in a post-punk band called Identity Crisis in 1980, and released a 7" inch EP called "Pretty Feet".
Thayil met Hiro Yamamoto at Rich East High School in Park Forest. They graduated, along with Hiro Yamamoto, from the Active Learning Process School (ALPS) at Rich East High School in 1979, the same school Bruce Pavitt graduated from 2 years earlier, in 1977. They and Yamamoto decided to move to Olympia, Washington, to study at The Evergreen State College, but they were unable to find jobs and decided to move to Seattle. There, Thayil earned money as a DJ for KCMU and earned a degree in philosophy at the University of Washington. In Seattle they also met Chris Cornell, a roommate, and the three formed Soundgarden in 1984.
Soundgarden (1984–1997)
Soundgarden became the first of Seattle's grunge bands to sign with a major label (A&M Records). They went on to release five albums, including three which went platinum at least once, and won two Grammys.
Thayil became acclaimed for their guitar work, which was typically characterized by heavy riffing, and was cited among other grunge guitarists as an influence and a pioneer of the "Seattle Sound." In 1994, Thayil commented, "I think Soundgarden is a pretty good band and I'm a fine guitarist. I'm not God, but I'm certainly not average. I feel very comfortable with the fact that not many other people can do what I do on guitar. I think my guitar is happy with the way I play it."
Originally one of Soundgarden's main songwriters, Thayil's contributions as a writer eventually dwindled to just one song on Down on the Upside, "Never the Machine Forever", although they contributed to details in every song, as did every band member. Thayil explained that "Collaboration was paramount in our early music, especially right at the beginning when it was me on guitar, Hiro on bass and Chris on drums," but eventually all four members became songwriters of their own, "all writing guitar parts that I had to learn." This led them to do "Never the Machine Forever" all on their own, as Thayil thought "Well, if I'm going to have a song on this fucking record, I'm going to have to write lyrics."
While a member of Soundgarden, they have written the following songs for the band:
"Hunted Down" (Screaming Life) ... music
"Nothing to Say" (Screaming Life) ... music
"Tears To Forget" (Screaming Life) ... music (co-written)
"Little Joe" (Screaming Life) ... music
"Hand of God" (Screaming Life) ... music
"Kingdom of Come" (Fopp) ... credited to Soundgarden
"Flower" (Ultramega OK) ... music
"All Your Lies" (Ultramega OK) ... music (co-written)
"Circle of Power" (Ultramega OK) ... music
"Incessant Mace" (Ultramega OK) ... music
"Hands All Over" (Louder Than Love) ... music
"Get on the Snake" (Louder Than Love) ... music
"Heretic" (The Loudest Love) ... music
"Jesus Christ Pose" (Badmotorfinger) ... music (co-written)
"Room a Thousand Years Wide" (Badmotorfinger) ... lyrics
"New Damage" (Badmotorfinger) ... music (co-written)
"My Wave" (Superunknown) ... music (co-written)
"Superunknown" (Superunknown) ... music (co-written)
"Limo Wreck" (Superunknown) ... music (co-written)
"Kickstand" (Superunknown) ... music
"Never the Machine Forever" (Down on the Upside) ... music and lyrics
"Black Rain" (Telephantasm) ...music (co-written)
"Non-State Actor" (King Animal) ...lyrics (co-written)
"By Crooked Steps" (King Animal) ...music (co-written)
"A Thousand Days Before" (King Animal) ...music
"Blood on the Valley Floor" (King Animal) ...music
Post-Soundgarden (1997–2010)
Thayil joined singer Johnny Cash, bassist Krist Novoselic of Nirvana and drummer Sean Kinney of Alice in Chains for a cover of Willie Nelson's "Time of the Preacher", featured on the tribute album Twisted Willie, released in January 1996.
After the 1997 breakup of Soundgarden, Thayil went on to contribute guitar to work by Pigeonhed and Presidents of the United States of America. More recently, they contributed guitar to the track "Blood Swamp" from the 2006 Sunn O)))/Boris album Altar, for which they also wrote liner notes. Thayil also plays lead guitar on a track called "V.O.G." by Ascend, which features Gentry Densley (Iceburn, Eagle Twin) and Greg Anderson (Sunn O))), Engine Kid, Goatsnake). Ascend's record, titled Ample Fire Within, was released in 2008 by Southern Lord Records.
In 1999, Thayil formed a punk band, the No WTO Combo, with Jello Biafra (formerly of Dead Kennedys), Krist Novoselic (formerly of Nirvana, at the time a member of Sweet 75), and Gina Mainwal (also of Sweet 75). The band was formed to celebrate and further the rampant protest activity against the WTO Ministerial Conference of 1999, which was held on November 30, 1999. Originally scheduled to play at The Showbox on that same evening, police prevented the band from doing so, forcing the show to be rescheduled for the following night. This was Thayil's first live concert since the breakup of Soundgarden. The show was recorded by Mark Cavener and mixed by Soundgarden producer Jack Endino; it was released as the album Live from the Battle in Seattle in May 2000.
In 2003, Rolling Stone magazine named Thayil #100 on the list of the "100 greatest guitarists of all time".
In 2004, Thayil played guitar for Probot, Dave Grohl's heavy metal side-project; they were featured on the songs "Ice Cold Man" and "Sweet Dreams."
Thayil was a recurring participant on the Almost Live! sketch comedy show, calling things "lame" during "The Lame List" segments.
In 2009, Thayil played with Soundgarden's Matt Cameron and Ben Shepherd at a show in Seattle on March 24, 2009, at the Crocodile Cafe that was headlined by Tom Morello's The Nightwatchman. It was the first time the three had played together in public since the band's 1997 breakup. The three were joined by Tad Doyle of fellow 1990s Seattle band TAD, and performed three Soundgarden songs. For the last song (Spoonman) they were joined by Tom Morello (Morello had played the song before with Audioslave). Thayil has also played with Greg Gilmore of Mother Love Bone and Danny Kelly of Heliotroupe in the group Set & Setting. Their debut performance was October 31, 2009 above the famed K Records warehouse now known as the Cherry Street Loft ("The Loft on Cherry") in Olympia, Washington.
Soundgarden reunion (2010–2018)
On January 1, 2010, it was announced through Facebook and Twitter posts by Chris Cornell that the official Soundgarden fanclub had been restarted. On April 15, 2010, it was announced that Soundgarden would play its first show since 1997 the following day at the Showbox at the Market in its Seattle hometown. The band played under the name 'Nudedragons', an anagram for Soundgarden.
On August 5, 2010, the band played their first reunion show under the Soundgarden name at The Vic Theatre in Chicago. Three days later, on August 8, 2010, they headlined the final night of Lollapalooza in Grant Park.
In September 2010, the band released the compilation album Telephantasm. November 2012 saw the release of King Animal, their first studio album since 1996.
In 2012, Thayil voiced a character in Season IV: Church of the Black Klok's "Dethcamp" in the Adult Swim original series Metalocalypse.
On May 18, 2017, Chris Cornell was found dead in their hotel room, cancelling the rest of their tour and the band was disbanded again in 2018, with the exception of their one-off show of Tribute to Chris Cornell in January 2019.
In March 2018, it was announced that original member of the proto punk band MC5, Wayne Kramer would embark on a 35 date tour of North America for their 50th anniversary of the band's debut Kick Out the Jams, recruiting Thayil to play guitar along with Brendan Canty of Fugazi, Doug Pinnick of King's X, and Marcus Durant of Zen Guerrilla.
Projects outside Soundgarden
In 2020 Thayil played guitar solos on the song "The Firebird" for the jazz fusion band, the Barret Martin Group. In 2021 Kim Thayil played lead guitar and Matt Cameron played drums for a track, "Only Love Can Save Me Now", on the new Pretty Reckless album. Pretty Reckless frontwoman Taylor Momsen said that without Thayil, recording the track would have been impossible, as "Kim is a master – there's no-one else like him."
In December 2020, Thayil, Krist Novoselic, Jennifer Johnson, Jillian Raye, Jeff Fielder and Ben Smith performed the song "Drone" at the Seattle Museum of Pop Culture's tribute to Alice in Chains.
In 2021 Thayil appeared on Mastodon's double album Hushed and Grim, playing lead guitar on the track "Had It All."
In 2021 Thayil, along with drummer Matt Cameron, bassist Krist Novoselic, guitarist Bubba Dupree, and vocalists Jennifer Johnson and Jillian Raye formed the group 3rd Secret. Their self-titled debut album, which they recorded at The Bait Shop in Bellevue, Washington with producer Jack Endino was released in April 2022. The group also performed at the Museum of Pop Culture in Seattle.
Discography
Soundgarden
No WTO Combo
Live from the Battle in Seattle (2000)
Probot
Probot (2004)
Sunn O))) and Boris
Altar (2006)
3rd Secret
3rd Secret (2022)
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Grunge musicians
Musicians from Seattle
Soundgarden members
Alternative rock guitarists
Sub Pop artists
American male musicians of Indian descent
American musicians of Indian descent
University of Washington College of Arts and Sciences alumni
American people of Malayali descent
Lead guitarists
Alternative metal guitarists
American heavy metal guitarists
People from Park Forest, Illinois
20th-century American guitarists
21st-century American guitarists
American male guitarists
3rd Secret members
Leucine rich repeat containing 3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the LRRC3 gene.
References
Further reading
Alexandra Mendès (born November 3, 1963) is a Canadian Liberal politician, currently serving as the Member of Parliament for the riding of Brossard—Saint-Lambert since 2015. They previously served in the House of Commons from 2008 until 2011 as the MP for the riding of Brossard—La Prairie.
Biography
Mendès worked as a constituency assistant to Jacques Saada, who served as a Liberal MP for Brossard—La Prairie from 1997 to 2006. They also taught at the Brossard Portuguese School. Mendès was a Quebec assistant to Bob Rae for a period of eight months during their leadership campaign. They have worked for fifteen years at a settlement organization for new immigrants and refugees at Maison Internationale de la Rive-Sud.
They were elected to the House of Commons in 2008, defeating Bloc Quebecois MP Marcel Lussier, who had defeated their former boss Saada in the previous election. They initially came in second by 102 votes, but a recount ordered by Elections Canada resulted in their winning by a margin of 69 votes. They were defeated in the 2011 election by NDP candidate Hoang Mai.
In August 2011, Mendès announced their candidacy for the presidency of the Liberal Party of Canada. They were defeated in their race for the presidency by Mike Crawley, but remained a committed member of the party, making appearances on CTV and CBC's Power and Politics representing the party. In June 2012, Mendès became President of the Liberal Party's Quebec wing, the Liberal Party of Canada (Quebec).
In the 2015 federal election, Mendès was the Liberal candidate in the newly created riding of Brossard—Saint-Lambert, again facing off against Mai. They defeated Mai, returning to the House of Commons.
On April 6, 2017 Mendès moved a motion "That the House do now proceed to Orders of the Day" during debate on a Question of Privilege of an instance of Members of Parliament having their Rights as Members denied. Such a motion during a debate on a Question of Privilege had never been made before in Canadian Parliamentary History. The Liberal majority voted in favour of Mendès's motion, preventing the issue from being reviewed by the Canadian House of Commons Standing Committee on Procedure and House Affairs.
On April 11, 2017, the Speaker of the House of Commons Geoff Regan said the motion was unprecedented and ruled that the Question of Privilege should be revived.
As a child, Mendès was a member of the Girl Guides of Canada and has spoken in the House of Commons about their view that "much of what (she is) today (she) owes to Guiding".
On February 28, 2019 Mendès created controversy when during an emergency debate on the SNC-Lavalin affair they said "I really do not understand why this is a big deal."
Mendès was re-elected in the 2019 Canadian federal election.
On December 10, 2019 Mendès was appointed Assistant Deputy Speaker and Assistant Deputy Chair of Committees of the Whole
Electoral record
References
External links
1963 births
Women members of the House of Commons of Canada
Francophone Quebec people
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Living people
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Quebec
People from Brossard
People from Lisbon
Portuguese emigrants to Canada
Women in Quebec politics
21st-century Canadian politicians
21st-century Canadian women politicians
Frank Louis Baker (July 23, 1909 – September 14, 1985) was an American football player in the National Football League.
Biography
Baker was born on July 23, 1909, in Madison, Wisconsin. Married to Mae Annette Sands(d) daughters Sandra Mae Baker (d) (Keller), Lucinda, and Roberta Baker (Whyburn). Grandchildren Adam, Joshua, Eugene, Anthony, Brian and Dawn.
Career
Baker played with the Green Bay Packers during the 1931 NFL season. They played at the collegiate level at Northwestern University.
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
References
1909 births
1985 deaths
American football ends
Green Bay Packers players
Northwestern Wildcats football players
All-American college football players
Sportspeople from Madison, Wisconsin
Players of American football from Wisconsin
Pedro Miguel da Costa Álvaro (born 2 March 2000) in Guarda is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a centre-back.
Club career
Born in Sandomil, Seia, Álvaro started playing football at local club Seia FC at 9 years old . After being scouted and moving to Benfica's youth system in 2011, they made their professional debut with Benfica B in a goalless away draw to Leixões in LigaPro on 26 November 2017. Having spent 10 years playing for Benfica, they currently play in Estoril Praia
Honours
Benfica
UEFA Youth League runner-up: 2016–17
References
External links
National team data
2000 births
Living people
People from Seia
Portuguese footballers
Portugal youth international footballers
S.L. Benfica B players
Belenenses SAD players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Guarda District
Joseph Devellerez Thaung Shwe (10 October 1935 – 17 February 2015) was a Burmese Roman Catholic bishop. Born in Twante and ordained to the priesthood in 1961, Devellerez Thaung Shwe was named bishop of Roman Catholic Diocese of Pyay, Burma in 1975, retired in 2010 and died in 2015.
References
1935 births
2015 deaths
People from Yangon Region
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Myanmar
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Myanmar
Place of death missing
The Bunya Highway is a state highway of Queensland, Australia. It is a relatively short road, running approximately 173 kilometres in a south-westerly direction from Goomeri to Dalby. The highway connects the Warrego and Burnett Highways.
The Bunya Highway passes near the Bunya Mountains National Park, which is popular with tourists. The highway is named after the Bunya-bunya Araucaria bidwilli, which grows in the area and the seeds of which were (and still are) a favourite food of the Aborigines.
The road continues east of Goomeri as the Wide Bay Highway, connecting it to Gympie.
In 2008, the intersection with Burnett Highway was reconstructed to favour Murgon-bound traffic.
List of towns along the Bunya Highway
Dalby
Bell
Kumbia
Kingaroy
Memerambi
Wooroolin
Tingoora
Wondai
Murgon
Goomeri
Major intersections
See also
Highways in Australia
List of highways in Queensland
References
Highways in Queensland
The Howland Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Piscataquis River at its confluence with the Penobscot River in Howland, Penobscot County, Maine, USA. The Howland Dam was purchased by the Penobscot River Restoration Trust in 2010 from PPL Corporation, formerly Pennsylvania Power and Light, under an agreement reached several years earlier. A fish bypass was constructed around the dam in 2015.
References
Buildings and structures in Penobscot County, Maine
Dams in Maine
Cursory Glance (foaled 11 February 2012) is an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. Bred and owned by the Merry Fox Stud, their brief track career consisted of only four races between May and September 2014. After taking a maiden race on their debut they won the Albany Stakes at Royal Ascot and then ran second to Tiggy Wiggy in the Lowther Stakes. On their final racecourse appearance they were sent to Ireland and defeated a very strong field to take the Group 1 Moyglare Stud Stakes. Injury problems prevented them from racing as a three-year-old and they were retired at the end of 2015.
Background
Cursory Glance is a bay mare with no white markings bred in Kentucky by the British-based Merry Fox Stud. In September 2013 the filly was consigned to the Keeneland September Yearling Sale but failed to reach their reserve price of $150,000. During their track career they were trained by Roger Varian at Newmarket, Suffolk and ridden in all of their races by Andrea Atzeni.
Them sire Distorted Humor was a successful racehorse, but just below top-class, scoring their biggest wins at Grade II level. As a breeding stallion they made an immediate impact by siring Funny Cide in their first crop of foals and went on to get numerous major winners including Drosselmeyer, Commentator, Flower Alley and Any Given Saturday. Cursory Glance's dam Time Control showed modest racing ability, managing one minor win and three placings from six starts, but was well-related, being a daughter of the Musidora Stakes winner Time Away and a full-sister to Time On (Prix de Malleret). They were a female-line descendant of the multiple Group 1 winner Time Charter.
Racing career
2014: two-year-old season
Cursory Glance made their debut in a maiden race over six furlongs on the synthetic polytrack surface at Kempton Park Racecourse on 21 May and started the 5/2 favourite against eight other two-year-old fillies. After showing some reluctance to enter the starting stalls they settled in fourth place before making good progress on the outside, taking the lead inside the final furlong, and winning by a length from the Charlie Appleby-trained No Delusion. The filly was then stepped up in class and switched to turf for the Group 3 Albany Stakes at Royal Ascot on 20 June and started at odds of 14/1 in a 21-runner field. The Marygate Stakes winner Patience Alexander started 9/2 joint-favourite alongside the Coolmore representative with the best-fancied of the other fillies being Elite Gardens (from the Godolphin stable and the American challenger Sunset Glow. Cursory Glance overcame a poor start and raced in mid-division as Sunset Glow set the pace. They joined the leaders a furlong out, overtook the American filly in the closing stages, and accelerated away to win by two lengths.
On 21 August at York Racecourse Cursory Glance was moved up to Group 2 class for the Lowther Stakes and started 11/4 third choice in the betting behind Tiggy Wiggy and Anthem Alexander (Queen Mary Stakes). After racing at the rear of the nine-runner field they made headway in the last quarter mile but never looked likely to threaten the front-running Tiggy Wiggy and finished second, beaten one and a half lengths. The filly was then stepped up to Group 1 level when they were sent to Ireland for the Moyglare Stud Stakes over seven furlongs at the Curragh on 14 September. They were made the 11/8 favourite ahead of Found in a ten-runner field which also included Qualify, Malabar (Prestige Stakes), Osaila (Princess Margaret Stakes), Beach Belle (Fillies' Sprint Stakes) and I Am Beautiful (Grangecon Stud Stakes). They tracked the leaders in sixth place before going to the front approaching the final furlong. They were strongly pressed in the closing stages but held on to win by a neck and half a length from Lucida and Found with Malabar and Osaila just behind in fourth and fifth. Roger Varian, who had won the St Leger a day earlier with Kingston Hill said "Andrea felt they were running a bit lazy, and when they gave them a squeeze they took off. Perhaps they ended up in front a bit too long but it was a funny race. They have tremendous natural speed, is very talented and gets this trip well.  They are a Group One winner now and that will probably be it for this season. Hopefully they will have a massive year next year. It has been a magical weekend and has not really sunk in yet" After the race bookmakers made Cursory Glance the 8/1 ante-post favourite for the following year's 1000 Guineas.
Retirement
An ankle injury prevented Cursory Glance from competing in the early part of 2015. When the injury recurred in August their owners decided to retire them from racing. Roger Varian commented "It is a huge shame that they didn't get a chance to showcase their exceptional talent on the racecourse this season... The form of their win in the Moyglare has been franked consistently throughout this year. The work they have shown us on the gallops at home this season gives me every reason to think that they would also be a Group 1 winner at three–sadly it was not to be".
Breeding record
Following their retirement from racing Cursory Glance became a broodmare for the Merry Fox Stud. In December 2015 it was reported that Cursory Glance would be covered by War Front in 2016.
Pedigree
Cursory Glance was inbred 3 × 4 to Northern Dancer, meaning that this stallion appears in both the third and fourth generations of their pedigree.
References
2012 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Thoroughbred family 22-a
The Curse of the Wendigo is a 2010 young adult horror novel by Rick Yancey. It was first published on October 12, 2010 through Simon & Schuster and is the second book in Yancey's Monstrumologist series.
Synopsis
The book follows Dr. Warthrop, a scientist trying to debunk theories that vampires could possibly exist. He's drawn from their research by their former fiancé, who pleads with them to save their husband from the flesh eating Wendigo. Not believing that such a creature could exist, Warthrop ventures out and succeeds in saving their ex's husband, only for the man to then transform into a Wendigo himself. Warthrop and Will Henry are then forced to hunt and destroy the creature.
Reception
Critical reception for The Curse of the Wendigo has been mostly positive and the book received starred positive reviews from Kirkus Reviews, Publishers Weekly, and Booklist. The School Library Journal commented that the book worked well as a standalone text and the reviewer marked it as one of their favorite book reads for 2010. HorrorNews.net gave a more mixed review, saying that it "may not be as good as The Monstrumologist or really even a worthy follow up, but it is a book that deserves to have a second look if you did not like it after the first read like I did."
References
External links
American young adult novels
American horror novels
2010 American novels
Wendigos in popular culture
Simon & Schuster books
The Henschel Wehrtechnik TH-200, TH-400, and TH-800 are a family of wheeled armoured fighting vehicles by Thyssen-Henschel. Their development was loosely related to the Spähpanzer Luchs.
All three were capable of undertaking a variety of battlefield roles, although the TH-400 was primarily tested as a fire support vehicle due to its exceptional firepower to weight ratio. The latter was able to carry a wide range of heavy armament, including a modified Rheinmetall 120mm smoothbore tank gun, despite its relatively light six-wheeled chassis.
Development
Henschel Wehrtechnik GmbH, now bought over by Rheinmetall DeTec AG, had been developing, as private venture, a family of wheeled Armoured fighting vehicles since the early 1980s that can undertake a wide range of roles on the battlefield. These were the TH200(4X4), TH400(6X6) and the TH800(8X8).
These vehicles have a hull of all-welded steel armour construction that provides guaranteed protection from small arms, shrapnel and medium machine gun fire. However, they are vulnerable to anti-tank weapons such as LAWs, RPGs and ATGMs. For improved protection, passive and active add-on armour can be added on.
All vehicles have power steering and incorporate a new type of suspension consisting of a double trailing arm independent wheel suspension, the kinetic properties of which give considerably improved mobility in rough terrain. The negative lead angle of the springing reduces the vertical and horizontal acceleration when driving rapidly across obstacles so that the physical load on the crew is lower compared to vehicles equipped with rigid axles.
Description
TH200(4X4)
This vehicle can be fitted with a wide range of turrets with weapons up to a maximum of 90 mm such as the 90 mm Cockerill gun system. Typical roles envisioned are armoured reconnaissance, light weapons carrier, medium weapons carrier and armoured personnel carriers with a crew of 2 and 9 troops. Independent suspension using the double trailing arms used in conjunction with wide low-pressure tires allow for high cross-country speed and improved traction on soft ground. The combat weight being at 9,250 kg allows the vehicle to be transported by heavy-lift helicopters and gives it an amphibious capability.
TH400(6X6)
A prototype of this vehicle has been built and tested armed with a 105 mm gun mounted in a three-man powered turret firing a full range of NATO ammunition including APFSDS. Heavier turrets mounting the Rheinmetall 120 mm smoothbore can also be fitted. Typical roles envisioned are armoured reconnaissance, medium weapons carrier, heavy weapons carrier, fire support (AFSV), anti-tank and anti-aircraft using both gun and missile. Independent suspension using the double trailing arms with a central tire-pressure at each wheel allows the ground pressure at each wheel to be varied while on the move giving high cross-country speed. The powerpack is modularly mounted at the rear of the hull allowing for quick maintenance and replacement. The drive train is installed inside the vehicle for added crew protection. The combat weight is more than twice that of the TH200 at 24,500 kg due to the addition of the 105 mm gun turret and larger 435 hp engines which limits it fording at 1.2 m thereby losing the flexibility of heli-portability and amphibious movement.
The original TH400 prototype is currently owned by the History Survives Foundation in 't Harde, the Netherlands.
TH800(8X8)
This vehicle has a projected weight of 35,000 kg allowing it to carry weapons stations or turrets of up to 13000 kg. Typical roles envisioned are heavy weapons carrier, armoured air defence vehicle mounting twin 35 mm guns and missile or as a 155 mm self-propelled howitzer. Independent suspension using the double trailing arms with a central tire-pressure at each wheel allows the ground pressure at each wheel to be varied while on the move giving high cross-country speed. The engine is rated at 650 hp to provide the flexibility of speed for its air defence role and shoot-and-scoot for its artillery role.
Specifications
References
Jane's Armour and Artillery 1997/1998
Armoured fighting vehicles of the post–Cold War period
Wheeled armoured fighting vehicles
Six-wheeled vehicles
William C. Crowley (born 1920 in Dorchester, Massachusetts, died December 1, 1996 in Needham, Massachusetts) was an American sportscaster.
Crowley called New York Yankees games (often paired with Dizzy Dean on the team's telecasts) from 1951–52, and Boston Red Sox games from 1958–60. A World War 2 bomber pilot with the U.S. 8th Air Force division, they served as a sports reporter for the Dayton, Ohio Journal-Herald, switching to Dayton radio station WONE in 1949. A year later they became the play-by-play announcer of the Dayton Indians of the Central League before leaping to Yankee Stadium in 1951. In between their time with the Yankees and Red Sox, Crowley worked at Holy Cross, where starting in the autumn of 1952 they were a radio announcer for Crusaders football and basketball games, economics professor, and was named Athletics Publicity Director in August, 1953. In 1961, Crowley left the Red Sox' broadcast booth to become the team's public relations director, a position they held until their retirement in 1985. They died on December 1, 1996 from liver cancer.
References
1920 births
1996 deaths
20th-century American journalists
American male journalists
American radio sports announcers
American television sports announcers
Boston Red Sox announcers
College basketball announcers in the United States
College football announcers
Holy Cross Crusaders football announcers
Journalists from Massachusetts
Major League Baseball broadcasters
Minor League Baseball broadcasters
New York Yankees announcers
People from Dorchester, Massachusetts
Sportspeople from Needham, Massachusetts
United States Army Air Forces pilots of World War II
Al-Washmu (The Tattoo Mark) is the 1972 novel by the Iraqi writer Abdul Rahman Majeed al-Rubaie. The novel was selected among the 100 best Arabic novels. It reflects the author's leftist leanings as they focus on mass arrests and the defeatism following the 1958 Iraqi coup d'état.
Summary
The novel spans 1958-1967, and it centers on the main character (Karim Al-Nasseri). Karim is an Iraqi young man who is a member of several parties. Their revolutionary spirit is at its highest, until they get arrested. After their arrest, Karim has a completely new personality, contradicting their old one, that is consumed by revulsion, defeatism, and lack of principles. A conflict ensues between their old and new personality. Their life becomes consumed by alcohol, sex, and women. The novel navigates all the aspects of persecution and defeatism.
Literary Critcism
The novel reflects the persecution and political oppression faced by al-Rubaie himself. They treat the question of mass arrests as a general cause that Arab countries suffer from. Despite theirs being Iraqi, al-Rubaie's nationalism included the entirety of the Arab world, for the questions and causes that they discuss in their novel (Al-Washmu) or (The Tattoo Mark) are relevant to all Arab countries. Critics claim that al-Rubaie relied on western literature and criticism in their writings, and this was verified by the author themselves when they stated that they take inspiration from some writers like Michel Butor and Alain Robbe-Grillet, and other international writers. Some of the topics derived from western literature that al-Rubaie employed in their novels are realism, Marxism, and existentialism. Al-Rubaie also drew from Arabic literatures, like Mahmoud Amin Al-Alim, Hussain Marwa, Gibran Khalil Gibran, Abdelmuhsin Taha Badr, Yousef Idris, and Abdelwahab Al-Bayati. Al-Rubaie did not consider western literature and Arabic literature as mutually exclusive; they viewed them as complementary.
References
Arabic literature
1972 novels
Iraqi novels
Khvajehabad or Khajeh Abad () may refer to:
Khvajehabad, Kerman
Khvajehabad, Khuzestan
Khvajehabad, Razavi Khorasan
"Lost Me" is a song by American singer-songwriter Giveon. It was released through Epic Records and Not So Fast as the third single from their debut studio album, Give or Take, on June 24, 2022.
Charts
Release history
References
2022 songs
2022 singles
Giveon songs
Songs written by Giveon
Songs written by Sevn Thomas
Songs written by Oz (record producer)
The XVI Corps is a corps of the Indian Army raised on 1 June 1972 with Lieutenant General J F R Jacob as its first General Officer Commanding (GOC). It has its headquarters at Nagrota Cantonment, (Jammu district), Jammu and Kashmir. In 2005, IX Corps was raised in southern part of the XVI Corps' area, taking over two of its divisions.
Organisation
The corps is reported to include 10th Infantry Division (RAPID) (Crossed Swords Division), headquartered at Akhnoor; 25 Infantry Division (Ace of Spades Division), headquartered at Rajouri and 39 Infantry Division (Dah Division), with its headquarters at Yol. Delta Force, Romeo Force and Uniform Force of the Rashtriya Rifles come under the operational control of the corps.
It is the largest wheeled formation in the world. It's current General Officer Commanding is Lieutenant General Majinder Singh.
List of commanders
References
Further reading
Richard A. Renaldi and Ravi Rikhe, Indian Army Order of Battle, Orbat.com for Tiger Lily Books: A division of General Data LLC, , 2011.
External links
Globalsecurity.org, Nagrota Corps / XVI Corps / White Knight Corps, accessed July 2010
Official twitter handle
016
Military units and formations established in 1972
Bert Schneider (29 August 1937 – 2 July 2009) was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Austria. Their best years were in 1962 when they finished fourth place in the 500 cc world championship, and in 1964 when they finished fourth in the 125 cc world championship. They won a single Grand Prix race during their career, the 1963 125 cc Belgian Grand Prix.
References
1937 births
2009 deaths
Austrian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
250cc World Championship riders
350cc World Championship riders
500cc World Championship riders
Isle of Man TT riders
Trip Shakespeare was an American rock band formed in Minneapolis, Minnesota in the late 1980s/early 1990s. The band included Dan Wilson and John Munson, who would later go on to be founding members of Semisonic.
Origins
The band originated when Harvard University English student Matt Wilson (guitar/vocals) teamed up with Elaine Harris (drums), a Harvard grad student in biological anthropology, in the early 1980s. Harris had responded to a notice posted by Wilson seeking "wicked percussion hands."
Matt Wilson and Munson had played together in an earlier band (E Brown), and Wilson had not been impressed by their bass playing, so they didn't want Munson to audition for the new band. "But they came over anyway and played, and he'd improved a lot," Wilson later recalled. "We ended up begging them to just give it a try and stay around."
Across the Universe
The next year they signed with A&M Records. The label "really gave us a chance," Matt Wilson later said:
"They spent a lot of money on us making the records. A lot of people at the label genuinely seemed to love the band. The president of the label showed up at our gigs and got all psyched up and said this was not a vanity project on the part of the label. They really thought that we could sell some records. They really thought they could mass market Trip Shakespeare.
The band's first release on A&M was Across the Universe, released in 1990. The album's was titled in homage to the Beatles song of the same name. Matt Wilson later explained:
There's a part of us that's plainly trying to make epic, gorgeous music that can be admired on at least a couple of levels. And there's another part of us that's embarrassed about that, because there are people who will say: "Rock 'n' roll is supposed to be simple, three-chord stuff like Keith Richards plays." But when you get right down to it, I guess we find ourselves more in the Beatles' school than in the Rolling Stones'.
TrouserPress.com called Across the Universe a "too-rare example of an indie act benefiting musically from major-label treatment"—citing an "increased rock edge that doesn't detract from the gentle charm" of tracks like "Snow Days," "Gone, Gone, Gone" and "The Crane"—the latter being the closest thing the album had to a hit.
The band members were less satisfied with the results. "We did not succeed on Across the Universe, Matt Wilson later said. "There was kind of a compromise between what the label wanted on there and what the band wanted." "If anyone was satisfied by that compromise, it wasn't the record-buying public." Across the Universe sold only 33,000 copies.
Lulu
Trip Shakespeare's final major release was 1991's Lulu. Upon its release, Matt Wilson declared: "On Lulu, we finally got it right. We got the order of songs down, and spent a lot of time honing it and making it an emotional journey. We wanted the listener to be completely moved and left breathless by the music." In another interview, they called it "the first record where we actually had our heads together well enough—and a had a sense of who we were, enough—to try to control it."
This approach appeared to succeed, drawing positive commentary from critics. AllMusic.com called the album a "melodically complex and romantic pop masterpiece," and "an album so steeped in worshipping beauty that no amount of criticism—positive or negative-—can mangle or tarnish its crystalline brilliance." In spite of the warm reception, Lulu was another disappointment in terms of sales, moving 60,000 copies.
Volt
After assembling a demo for a proposed fifth album of cover songs, A&M approached their promotions department, whose response upon hearing the album was "What do we do with this?" according to Munson. The label then dropped the band; the covers album was released by Twin/Tone as Volt in 1992.
Trip Shakespeare's commercial failure has been attributed to the band's poor timing: "1991 was the great embrasure of the grunge movement when Nirvana's Nevermind set the decade-long trend for the popular music charts," wrote AllMusic.com. "The release of a melodically complex and romantic pop masterpiece with lush vocals was entertained by neither the critics nor the masses." Wayne Isaak, the head of A&M's New York office, put it, "Trip Shakespeare is too pop to catch on as an alternative band; the alternative scene is very cliquish."
Breakup
The band broke up shortly after the release of Lulu. The Wilson brothers and Munson continue to play together in various projects. Matt Wilson joined various Minneapolis bands. Munson and Matt Wilson performed as The Flops, later renamed The Twilight Hours; Matt Wilson contributed some vocals and synthesizer work to Semisonic's All About Chemistry album; Matt Wilson joined Semisonic on December 12 and 13, 2003 to play a set of Trip Shakespeare favorites for sold-out crowds at First Avenue in Minneapolis. Munson and both Wilsons reunited in October 2010 to perform for a benefit concert. Dan Wilson and John Munson joined Jacob Slichter to form Pleasure, which was later named Semisonic, Elaine Harris returned to the Boston area and had not been involved in any post-Trip Shakespeare events until The New Standards' December 7, 2013 holiday show, when they joined John, Matt, and Dan for two songs, "Susannah", and "Snow Days."
Near the end of the band's run, Matt Wilson said that the band's goal was "to be a part of that one or two nights that everybody has in their life when the music is ridiculously good and the people around you are laughing their heads off and losing their minds.... We don't get it every night because you can't carry that kind of ecstasy around with you in a bucket. All we do is try to find that delirious point."
Reunion
On December 7, 2013, Trip Shakespeare reunited to play two songs at The New Standards' 8th annual holiday show. This was the first time the primary lineup of the band had played together live in over 20 years.
Honors and awards
The band has been honored with a star on the outside mural of the Minneapolis nightclub First Avenue, recognizing performers that have played sold-out shows or have otherwise demonstrated a major contribution to the culture at the iconic venue. Receiving a star "might be the most prestigious public honor an artist can receive in Minneapolis," according to journalist Steve Marsh. Dan Wilson and Munson's subsequent group, Semisonic, also has a star, making them among the few musicians with multiple stars on the mural.
Discography
Applehead Man (Gark Records, 1986; Clean/Twin/Tone Records re-release, 1998; Omnivore Recordings re-release with bonus tracks, 2014)
Are You Shakespearienced? (Gark Records, 1988; Clean/Twin/Tone Records re-release, 1998; Omnivore Recordings re-release with bonus tracks, 2014)
Across the Universe (A&M Records, 1990)
Lulu (A&M Records, 1991)
Volt EP (Clean/Twin/Tone Records, 1992)
References
External links
Archive of Trip Shakespeare
Trip Shakespeare archives at Minnesota Historical Society
Musical groups from Minnesota
Alternative rock groups from Minnesota
A&M Records artists
Matthew Koon is a British actor and dancer.
Career
Koon began studying ballet at the age of 2, at the Alison Livesey School of Dance and Drama in Whitefield, Greater Manchester. At the age of 9, they auditioned for the Royal Ballet School Junior Associate programme, they were successful and consequently attended weekly classes in Leeds. They also trained at Centre Pointe Dance Studios in Manchester, before taking a full-time place at the English National Ballet School.
Koon made their professional stage debut at the age of 12, playing the title role of Billy Elliot in the West End production of Billy Elliot the Musical. They auditioned for the role at the Zion Centre, Manchester in February 2005. They made their first appearance in the role on 1 March 2006, and their final performance on 2 December 2006. They were the first boy from a Chinese background to play the role of Billy.
Following auditions in 2009, in 2010 Koon participated in the inaugural series of Got to Dance, a televised dance competition broadcast on Sky One. In articles about the show, they are quoted as saying that if they won the competition, they would use the prize money to continue their dance training at a professional performing arts school. They successfully competed in the second semi-final, ultimately finishing joint 3rd in the grand final on 14 February 2010.
In 2010, Koon won the national final of Dance Master UK, a stage dance competition for boys, promoted by the International Dance Teachers' Association. Having qualified for the competition in a regional heat, Koon competed against other regional finalists at the Opera House Theatre in the Winter Gardens, Blackpool. Koon was then offered a place at the English National Ballet School where they studied for 3 years and graduated in 2013 as one of the top in their class, gaining a contract at Northern Ballet.
Koon performed as a First Soloist with Northern Ballet for 8 years, dancing many lead roles to critical acclaim. In 2022 Koon performed their piece 'Existential', written and directed himself, at The Lowry Theatre as part of their Shoots Scratch Night Programme 2022.
Awards and titles
Fonteyn Nureyev Young Dancers Competition – Winner, 2008
Janet Cram Awards – Outstanding Dance Award, 2008
Janet Cram Awards – Boys Cup, 2008
English Dance Championships – Winner, 2009
Marjorie Davies Tap Awards – Senior Class Prize, 2009
International Ballet Championship – Winner, 2009
Young Ballet Dancer of the Year – Winner, 2009
Young British Tap Dancer of the Year – Runner-up, 2009
Dance Master UK – Winner, 2010
References
Living people
Male actors from Salford
English male stage actors
English male ballet dancers
English people of Chinese descent
21st-century English male actors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Edwin M. Cordevilla (born September 30, 1967), is a poet and journalist based in the Philippines.  They are the author of Phoenix and Other Poems (published in 2000), The Occasions of Air, Fire, Water, Earth (2012), and the non-traditional epic poem Ten A Thousand Lines Project For World Peace (2013).  They are a co-author of the coffee-table book, Marikina: Kapuri-Puri Ka (2002), showcasing the transformation of Marikina from a backward municipality to a vibrant and model city, and the principal author of Duterte Chronicles: The Storm From Davao (2016), a book that re-created the rise of President Rodrigo Duterte from obscurity to the Philippine presidency, covering the years 2014 to 2016.
Career
Phoenix was a collection of earlier poems by Cordevilla which were mostly published in the Philippines Graphic weekly magazine in the 1990s, especially the long poem, '"The Last Rose," which was serialized in the magazine. Philippines Graphic's literary section was edited then by National Artist For Literature Nick Joaquin.
According to the Far Eastern University (FEU) Official Website, during its diamond foundation anniversary celebrations in 2004, the Far Eastern University honored Cordevilla as one of their Outstanding Alumni in the field of Journalism. Furthermore, the FEU Institute of Arts and Sciences also states Cordevilla as one of its prominent and outstanding alumni.  They are a member of the Philippine Center of International PEN (Poets, Playwrights, Essayists, and Novelists).
Cordevilla has been cited as the last of the Filipino Romantic poets in English. Gémino Abad has written:
...the Romantic spirit did not vanish altogether. Villa, who wrote their last poem, "The Anchored Angel," in 1953, continued to be a strong influence in the craft of poetry well into the ‘70s, as one might see in the poems of Jolico Cuadra and Luis Francia, and even today in Augustta de Almeidda and Edwin Cordevilla.
Their poem, After the Dream, was among the featured entries in the United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs' Poetry for Peace contest held in 2011.
Cordevilla's third book, the epic, Ten A Thousand Lines Project For World Peace, is a long poem that surpasses the English epic Beowulf by three times its length. It is also the longest poem ever written by a Filipino in record time: of two years and two months from January 2010 to March 2012.
Meanwhile, a giant book version of the epic was produced in September 2012 which caught the interest of the local media, especially the giant television network GMA 7 which aired a feature story and a live studio interview with the author. Another major television network ABC-5 also featured the giant book version of the epic. The giant book measured 2' X 4'.
In October 2017, Cordevilla received two major awards, The Lifetime Achievement Award for Literature and the Golden Pen Award, from the organizers of the five-day India World Poetry Festival 2017 held at Hotel Sitara, Ramoji Film City, Hyderabad, India. The literary event was attended by poet-delegates from 42 various countries around the world and representatives from more than 100 poetry organizations all over the host country. A book translation into Telugu of their epic book Ten A Thousand Lines was also launched during the festival.
On May 5, 2018, the 16th Gawad Parangal Tanglaw 2018 awards honored Cordevilla as the Best Newspaper Opinion Columnist in Filipino at the Cinematheque Theater, Film Development Council of the Philippines on Kalaw St., Manila. Gawad Parangal Tanglaw (Tagapuring mga Akademisyan ng Aninong Gumagalaw), is an academe-based award-giving body that honors outstanding achievements and performances in Philippine cinema, television and media. It is composed of critics, professionals, educators, and teachers from various colleges and universities in the Philippines.
In November 2020, the 18th Gawad Tanglaw awards announced Edwin Cordevilla as the Best Newspaper Opinion Columnist in Fiipino, the second time for them to win this award.
December 7, 2020, Edwin Cordevilla as Secretary General of advocacy group, Filipino League of Advocates for Good Governance - Maharika (FLAG-MAHARLIKA), filed for the impeachment of Supreme Court Associate Justice Marvic Leonen before the House of Representatives of the Philippines because they failed to dispose of 37 cases in the Supreme Court which is a “contravention of the Constitutional mandate that cases should be decided within 24 months from the time it is submitted for resolution.” and they failed to file their Statement of Assets and Liabilities (SALN) for 15 years as mandated by law.
During the lopsided 2022 Philippine Presidential Election where Bongbong Marcos won a landslide victory in which they received 31,629,783 votes, or 58.77% of the total votes cast, Edwin Cordevilla was a key member of the communications campaign team.
Government Service
Under the Presidency of Bongbong Marcos, Cordevilla was appointed Undersecretary under the Office of the Press Secretary (formerly Presidential Communications Operations Office). They were sworn in to office on August 22, 2022 by the eldest son of President Bongbong Marcos, Congressman Sandro Marcos.
Publications
Duterte chronicles : the storm from Davao (2016, Eastern Divergence Books; )
The Occasions of Air, Fire, Water, Earth (2012, Central Books; )
Ten Thousand Lines Project For World Peace (2013, Central Books: )
Phoenix: Poems (2000, sponsored by Jo-Er Printing Press)
References
External links
The Philippine Star Online
The Far Eastern University Website
The Daily Tribune Online
PEN International
FEU Official Twitter
GMA 7-YouTube Giant Book
The Pelican Spectator
Academia.edu
1967 births
Living people
20th-century Filipino poets
Far Eastern University alumni
21st-century Filipino poets
Filipino male poets
20th-century male writers
21st-century male writers
Succinate dehydrogenase complex, subunit A, flavoprotein variant is a protein that in humans is encoded by the SDHA gene. This gene encodes a major catalytic subunit of succinate-ubiquinone oxidoreductase, a complex of the mitochondrial respiratory chain. The complex is composed of four nuclear-encoded subunits and is localized in the mitochondrial inner membrane. SDHA contains the FAD binding site where succinate is deprotonated and converted to fumarate. Mutations in this gene have been associated with a form of mitochondrial respiratory chain deficiency known as Leigh Syndrome. A pseudogene has been identified on chromosome 3q29. Alternatively spliced transcript variants encoding different isoforms have been found for this gene.
Structure
The SDHA gene is located on the p arm of chromosome 5 at locus 15 and is composed of 16 exons. The SDHA protein encoded by this gene is 664 amino acids long and weighs 72.7 kDA.
SDHA protein has four subdomains, including capping domain, helical domain, C-terminal domain and most notably, β-barrel FAD-binding domain at N-terminus. Therefore, SDHA is a flavoprotein (Fp) due to the prosthetic group flavin adenine dinucleotide (FAD). Crystal structure suggests that FAD is covalently bound to a histidine residue (His99) and further coordinated by hydrogen bonds with number of other amino acid residues within the FAD-binding domain. FAD which is derived from riboflavin (vitamin B2) is thus essential cofactor for SDHA and whole complex II function.
Function
The SDH complex is located on the inner membrane of the mitochondria and participates in both the citric acid cycle and the respiratory chain. The succinate dehydrogenase (SDH) protein complex catalyzes the oxidation of succinate (succinate + ubiquinone => fumarate + ubiquinol). Electrons removed from succinate transfer to SDHA, transfer across SDHB through iron sulphur clusters to the SDHC/SDHD subunits on the hydrophobic end of the complex anchored in the mitochondrial membrane.
Initially, SDHA oxidizes succinate via deprotonation at the FAD binding site, forming FADH2 and leaving fumarate, loosely bound to the active site, free to exit the protein. The electrons derived from succinate tunnel along the [Fe-S] relay in the SDHB subunit until they reach the [3Fe-4S] iron sulfur cluster. The electrons are then transferred to an awaiting ubiquinone molecule at the Q pool active site in the SDHC/SDHD dimer. The O1 carbonyl oxygen of ubiquinone is oriented at the active site (image 4) by hydrogen bond interactions with Tyr83 of SDHD. The presence of electrons in the [3Fe-4S] iron sulphur cluster induces the movement of ubiquinone into a second orientation. This facilitates a second hydrogen bond interaction between the O4 carbonyl group of ubiquinone and Ser27 of SDHC. Following the first single electron reduction step, a semiquinone radical species is formed. The second electron arrives from the [3Fe-4S] cluster to provide full reduction of the ubiquinone to ubiquinol.
SDHA acts as an intermediate in the basic SDH enzyme action:
SDHA converts succinate to fumarate as part of the Citric Acid Cycle. This reaction also converts FAD to FADH2.
Electrons from the FADH2 are transferred to the SDHB subunit iron clusters [2Fe-2S],[4Fe-4S],[3Fe-4S]. This function is part of the Respiratory chain
Finally the electrons are transferred to the Ubiquinone (Q) pool via the SDHC/SDHD subunits.
Clinical significance
Bi-allelic mutations (i.e. both copies of the gene are mutated) have been described in Leigh syndrome, a progressive brain disorder that typically appears in infancy or early childhood. Affected children may experience vomiting, seizures, delayed development, muscle weakness, and problems with movement. Heart disease, kidney problems, and difficulty breathing can also occur in people with this disorder. The SDHA gene mutations responsible for Leigh syndrome change single amino acids in the SDHA protein, such as a G555E mutation observed in multiple patients, or result in an abnormally short protein. These genetic changes disrupt the activity of the SDH enzyme, impairing the ability of mitochondria to produce energy. It is not known, however, how mutations in the SDHA gene are related to the specific features of Leigh syndrome.
SDHA is a tumour suppressor gene, and heterozygous carriers have an increased risk of paragangliomas as well as pheochromocytomas and renal cancer. Risk management for heterozygous carriers of an SDHA mutation can involve annual urine tests for metanephrines and 3-methoxytyramine and MRIs.
Interactive pathway map
References
Further reading
EC 1.3.5
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1641.
Events
March 12 – Abraham Cowley's play The Guardian is acted at Trinity College, Cambridge, in the presence of Prince Charles (later King Charles II).
Spring – Pierre Corneille marries Marie de Lampérière.
c. May – William Davenant is convicted of high treason for their part in the First Army Plot in England.
August 5 – Because of an increase in cases of plague, John Lowin delivers warrants to London theatres ordering them to close.
c. December – Edward Hyde, 1st Earl of Clarendon, becomes an advisor to King Charles I of England.
New books
Prose
George Abbot – Vindiciae Sabbathi
Moses Amyraut – De l'elevation de la foy et de l'abaissement de la raison en la creance des mysteres de la religion
Richard Baker – Apologie for Laymen's Writing in Divinity, with a Short Meditation upon the Fall of Lucifer
Sir Edward Coke – The Complete Copyholder
Luís Vélez de Guevara –
William Habington – Observations upon History
Joseph Hall – Episcopacy by Divine Right
Samuel Hartlib (nominal author, really by Gabriel Plattes) – A Description of the Famous Kingdom of Macaria
Thomas Heywood – The Life of Merlin surnamed Ambrosius
Thomas Hobbes – De Cive
Sir Francis Kynaston – Leoline and Sydanis
John Milton – Of Reformation
Sir Robert Naunton (died 1635) – Fragmenta Regalia, or Observations on the late Queen Elizabeth, their Times and Favourites
Mother Shipton (died 1561, attributed) – The prophesie of Mother Shipton in the raigne of King Henry the eighth
Sir Henry Spelman – De Sepultura
Heinrich Stahl – Leyen Spiegel
John Taylor – John Taylors Last Voyage and Adventure
Nicolaes Tulp – Observationes Medicae
John Wilkins – Mercury, or The Secret and Swift Messenger
Francisco de Quevedo – Providencia de Dios
Juan Eusebio Nieremberg – De la hermosura de Dios y su amabilidad, por las infinitas perfecciones del ser divino
Luis Vélez de Guevara – El diablo Cojuelo
Drama
Richard Braithwaite – Mercurius Britanicus
Richard Brome – A Jovial Crew
Abraham Cowley – The Guardian
John Day – The Parliament of Bees (published)
John Denham – The Sophy
Thomas Killigrew – The Prisoners and Claricilla (published)
Shackerley Marmion – The Antiquary (published)
James Shirley – The Cardinal
John Tatham – The Distracted State
Lope de Vega (died 1635) – El caballero de Olmedo (posthumous, written in 1620)
Jan Vos – Aran en Titus, of wraak en weerwraak (Aran and Titus, or Revenge and Vengeance)
Births
April 8 (baptised) – William Wycherley, English playwright (died 1716)
April 15 – Robert Sibbald, Scottish historian (died 1722)
March 15 (baptised) – Laurence Hyde, 1st Earl of Rochester, English politician and writer (died 1711)
May 16 – Dudley North, English economist, merchant and politician (died 1691)
May – Juan Núñez de la Peña, Spanish historian (died 1721)
Late October – Henry Dodwell, Irish-born theologian (died 1711)
unknown dates
Pierre Allix, French Protestant author (died 1717)
William Sherlock, English theologian (died 1707)
Deaths
January 11
Franciscus Gomarus, Dutch theologian (born 1563)
Juan de Jáuregui, Spanish poet and painter (born 1583)
February 15 – Sara Copia Sullam, Italian poet and writer (born 1592)
April 6 (buried) – Thomas Nabbes, English dramatist (born 1605)
April 13 – Richard Montagu, English theologian (born 1577)
June 26 – Antony Hickey, Irish Franciscan theologian (born 1586)
July 15 – Arthur Johnston, Scottish poet and physician (born c. 1579)
August 9 – Augustine Baker, Welsh-born Benedictine writer (born 1575)
August 16 – Thomas Heywood, English playwright, actor, poet and author (born c. 1573)
August (between 14 and 27) – Sir William Vaughan, Welsh writer and colonist (born 1575)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Ramesh Chand Tomar (born 15 July 1948) is an Indian politician. They were member of 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th Lok Sabha, as BJP representative from Ghaziabad seat of Uttar Pradesh.
They lost their seat in the 2017 Uttar Pradesh Assembly election to Aaslam Choudhary of the Bahujan Samaj Party.
References
1948 births
Living people
People from Hapur
Indian National Congress politicians
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Uttar Pradesh
India MPs 1991–1996
India MPs 1996–1997
India MPs 1998–1999
India MPs 1999–2004
Lok Sabha members from Uttar Pradesh
Phtheochroa reisseri is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found on Crete.
The wingspan is 12–14 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in May.
References
Moths described in 1970
Phtheochroa
Lepidodactylus intermedius is a species of gecko. It is found in Komodo and Rintja islands in the Lesser Sunda Islands.
References
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles described in 1964
Taxa named by Ilya Darevsky
Sérgio Lopes (Campina Grande, October 27, 1965) is a poet, singer and a christian music composer from Brazil.
Biography
Born on October 27, 1965 in Paraíba, while still in basic education (old primary school), got involved with theater at Colégio Estadual da Liberdade, in Campina Grande, when they knew a friend called Afrânio, with which they shared their own poems or findings from poets such as Augusto dos Anjos and Gonçalves Dias. Son of broadcaster Magidiel Lopes de Souza and Maria das Mercês Lima de Souza, was the oldest of five siblings. Their father wrote romantic poems and read them during nocturne broadcasting programs that they broadcast in the AM radios Caturité and Cariri. Sérgio Lopes lost their parents prematurely, for their mother died from cancer at the age of thirty five and their father died in 1998, at the age of forty six. This led them to enroll on the Navy to guarantee their living and the continuation of their studies.
Discography
1990 – Nossos Dias (Som & Louvores)
1992 – Libertação (Som & Louvores)
1993 – O Amigo (Som & Louvores)
1994 – Canaan (Som & Louvores)
1995 – Sonhos (Som & Louvores)
1996 – Vidas e Futuros (Eklesia/Zekap Gospel)
1996 – Seleção de Ouro (Line Records/Assoc. Beneficente Cristã-SP)
1997 – O Sétimo (Line Records)
1998 – Noites e Momentos (Line Records)
1999 – A Fé (Line Records)
1999 – Cânticos para El Alma – in Spanish (Line Records)
2000 – Sérgio Lopes Ao Vivo (Zekap Gospel)
2002 – Yeshua: O Nome Hebraico de Jesus (Top Gospel)
2003 – Gálatas (Top Gospel)
2004 – Apocalipse: Cartas às 7 Igrejas (Top Gospel)
2005 – Lentilhas (Top Gospel)
2005 – O Amor de Deus (Art Gospel)
2007 – Getsêmani (Art Gospel)
2008 – Sérgio Lopes – O Poeta da Música Gospel (LGK / Som Livre) – Recovery collection "Seleção de Ouro"
2008 – Bethesda (Art Gospel)
2009 – Sérgio Lopes Acústico (Art Gospel)
2011 – A Melhor Escolha (Line Records)
2014 – Coração Discípulo (Sony Music)
2017 – Somos (Independente)
References
External links
Official Homepage
Official Blog
Super Gospel
Sérgio Lopes's Poems
1965 births
Living people
20th-century Brazilian male singers
Brazilian gospel singers
People from Paraíba
People from Campina Grande
21st-century Brazilian male singers
The Roman conquest of the Hernici, an ancient Italic people, took place during the 4th century BC. For most of the 5th century BC, the Roman Republic had been allied with the other Latin states and the Hernici to successfully fend off the Aequi and the Volsci. In the early 4th century BC, this alliance fell apart. A war fought between Rome and the Hernici in the years 366 - 358 BC ended in Roman victory and the submission of the Hernici. Rome also defeated a rebellion by some Hernician cities in 307 - 306 BC. The rebellious Hernici were incorporated directly into the Roman Republic, while those who had stayed loyal retained their autonomy and nominal independence. In the course of the following century, the Hernici became indistinguishable from their Latin and Roman neighbours and disappeared as a separate people.
The foedus Cassianum - 5th century BC
From at least the early fifth century BC there were disputes between Rome and the Hernici.
In 495 BC, the Hernici joined the Volsci in an unsuccessful invasion of Roman territory.
In 487 BC, the Hernici again engaged the Romans in battle, and were defeated by the Romans under the leadership of the Roman consul Gaius Aquillius Tuscus.
In the following year, 486 BC, the Hernici entered into a treaty with Rome. Dionysius of Halicarnassus says the terms were similar to the foedus Cassianum, a mutual military alliance among the Latin cities with Rome as the leading partner. However it is unclear whether the Hernici were admitted as a party to that same treaty, or to a separate similar treaty with Rome. The terms of the treaty included that the Hernici were to cede two thirds of their land. Debate about the distribution of that land amongst Romans and the Latin allies caused discord in Rome, which in turn led to the trial and execution in 485 BC of the three-times consul Spurius Cassius Vecellinus for high treason, ironically having been the person who negotiated the treaty with both the Latin allies and the Hernici and for whom the treaty was named.
While the precise workings of the foedus Cassianum remains uncertain, its overall purpose seems clear. During the 5th century, the Latins were threatened by invasion from the Aequi and the Volsci, as part of a larger pattern of Sabellian-speaking peoples migrating out of the Apennines and into the plains. Fighting is recorded against either the Aequi, the Volsci, or both, almost every year during the first half of the 5th century. This annual warfare would have been dominated by raids and counter-raids rather than the pitched battles described by the ancient sources. During the second half of the 5th century, the Latin-Hernician alliance appears to have stemmed the tide. The sources record the founding of several Roman colonies during this era, while mention of wars against the Aequi and Volsci become less frequent. At the same time, this would lessen the need to maintain the alliance. This was especially true for Rome, which, after their conquest of Veii in 396, was clearly the most powerful state in Latium.
Defection of the Hernici - 380s BC
Livy writes that in 389, after a hundred years of loyal friendship, the Latins and Hernici defected from Rome in 389, after Rome had been sacked by the Gauls. Then in 386 and 385 Latin and Hernician men were found fighting for the Volsci. Rome protested, and refused to hand back their Latin and Hernician prisoners, but did not declare war.
Livy viewed the sack of Rome by the Gauls as a grave disaster that encouraged Rome's neighbours to rise against them However, modern historians believe that the ancient historical tradition exaggerate the impact of the sack. Likewise, they disagree with Livy's views that the Hernici defected from Rome; as Livy notes, no open warfare between Rome and the Hernici is recorded for this time period. Rather, the military alliance between Rome and the Latins and Hernici appear to have been allowed to wither. This might have been a conscious policy by Rome to free themselves from treaty obligations and so gain wider freedom of action. However, the Latins and the Hernici, no longer threatened by the Aequi and Volsci, could also have seized the opportunity of the Gallic Sack to abandon their alliance with an increasingly dominating Rome. While it is possible that this led to some Latin and Hernician warriors fighting for the Volsci, these could also be inventions by Livy to provide a literary motif to their narrative. Except for these doubtful notices then, no conflicts are recorded between Romans and Hernici until 366
The Hernician War 362 - 358
After some mostly peaceful years, in 362, the Romans went to war against the Hernici, starting a period of unprecedented successful warfare for the Romans. Livy provides the only narrative account for this Hernican War. In addition, two triumphs and an ovation against the Hernici are recorded in the Fasti Triumphales.
Outbreak of the war
According to Livy, in 366, it was reported in Rome that the Hernici had rebelled, but nothing was done to prevent any action from being taken by the plebeian consul. In 363, to ward off pestilence, the Romans nominated L. Manlius Imperiosus dictator to perform the ancient ritual of "driving in the nail" at the temple of Jupiter Optimus Maximus. Manlius, however, attempted to use their appointment to secure command in the war against the Hernici, but, faced with public resentment and resistance from the tribunes of the plebs, they were forced to lay down their office. After fetials had been sent to the Hernici to demand satisfaction without result, the Roman Assembly in 362 voted for war against the Hernici. L. Genucius Aventinensis became the first plebeian consul to command in war, but the Hernici caught Genucius in an ambush; the consul was killed and the Roman legions routed.
As usual, Livy makes Rome the offended party, but Roman designs on Hernician land might well have been real cause of this war. The failed levy of L. Manlius is probably not historical, but has likely been invented as a motive for the famous prosecution of L. Manlius, traditionally dated to 362.
Dictatorship of Appius Claudius Crassus
The surviving patrician consul, Q. Servilius Ahala, then nominated Appius Claudius Crassus as dictator. Pending the arrival of the dictator, C. Sulpicius Peticus assumed command of the Roman army. The Hernici had surrounded the Roman camp, but, led by Sulpicius, the Romans sortied and forced them to retreat. With the arrival of the dictator with fresh forces from Rome, the strength of the Roman army was doubled. On their side the Hernici called up all their men, and formed a special privileged unit of 3,200 picked men. The Romans and Hernici had camped on each side of a two-mile-broad plain, and the battle took place in the middle. When the Roman cavalry found that they could not break the enemy lines by normal means, they dismounted and charged as infantry. They were countered by the special picked men of the Hernici. After a hard struggle, the Roman knights got the best of this contest and the Hernici were routed. The next day, the Romans were delayed in attacking the Hernician camp due to difficulty in obtaining favourable omens and consequently failed to take the camp before darkness broke off fighting. During the night, the Hernici abandoned their camp and withdrew. Seeing the retreating Hernici pass by their walls, the people of Signia sallied out and scattered them in flight. Roman casualties had been heavy, a quarter of their whole force, and a considerable number of their cavalry had fallen.
Livy's extended narrative of this campaign is full of standard annalistic features and very little of the detail provided can have been derived from authentic records. The first military command ever held by a plebeian consul and the subsequent dictatorship of the conservative patrician Appius Claudius ties Livy's account into the Struggle of the Orders. Because of this literary character of the episode, and the absence of a triumph for Appius Claudius in the Fasti Triumphales, some historians have rejected Appius Claudius' dictatorship. Oakley(1998) does not consider these arguments decisive, but believes the basic notice of a Roman victory against the Hernici in 362 to be historical, and perhaps also the dictatorship of Appius Claudius and the involvement of Signia as well.
Rome triumphant
Livy only provides brief narratives for the remaining years of the Hernician war, being more interested in the Gallic wars Rome was fighting at the same time. In 361, the Roman consuls invaded Hernician territory. Finding no enemy in the field, they attacked and took Ferentinum. In 360 consul M. Fabius Ambustus received command of the war against the Hernici. Fabius defeated the Hernici first in some minor battles and then in a major one where the Hernici attacked in full strength. For their victories, Fabius entered the City of Rome in Ovation. In 358 the Romans assigned command of the Hernician war to consul C. Plautius Proculus. The consul defeated the Hernici and reduced them to submission. The Pomptina and Publilia tribes were also formed that year. The Fasti Triumphales records a triumph by consul C. Sulpicius Peticus against the Hernici in 361, the ovation of M. Fabius Ambustus in 360, which according to the Fasti took place on 5 September, and the triumph of consul C. Plautius Proculus in 358, which it dates to 15 May.
There is no particular reason to doubt the historicity of these Roman victories, though it is unlikely that Livy's description of Fabius first winning several minor battles and then a major battle, perhaps a condensation of a longer account found in their sources, is derived from authentic records. In 358, the Latins renewed their alliance with Rome when Latium was threatened by invasion from the Gauls. Fear of the Gauls might also have influenced the Hernici to accept a new treaty with Rome, but the Hernici probably obtained less favourable terms than their old alliance. Ferentinum is described as independent in 306, and so must have been handed back to the Hernici at some point, perhaps as part of the peace terms. Of the two Roman tribes created in 358, the Pomptina was evidently located in the Pomptine on territory Rome had taken from the Volsci. The location of the Publilia is less certain; modern historians generally locate it on territory taken from the Hernici, but it is possible that the Publilia was also located on former Volscian land.
Final rebellion of the Hernici 307-306
Towards the end of the Second Samnite War, in 307 BC, the Romans found a number of Hernician men among prisoners taken in battle against the Samnites. These were placed under guard in various Latin towns while the Romans investigated whether they had fought for the Samnites voluntarily or had been conscripted. In response, part of the Hernici, under the leadership of the city of Anagnia, rose in rebellion in 306, but were easily defeated by the Romans that same year. As punishment, Anagnia and the other towns that had rebelled were annexed into the Roman Republic, their people becoming civitas sine suffragio. Aletrium, Ferentinum and Verulae were allowed to retain their autonomy and enjoy similar political rights as the Latins.
References
Wars involving the Roman Republic
4th century BC in the Roman Republic
4th-century BC conflicts
Salting is a labor union tactic involving the act of getting a job at a specific workplace with the intent of organizing a union. A person so employed is called a "salt".
The tactic is often discussed in the United States because under US law unions may be prohibited from talking with workers in the workplace and salting is one of the few legal strategies that allow union organizers to talk with workers. Both the Knights of Labor and the Industrial Workers of the World employed salts. The IWW continues to use salts, especially in their Starbucks Workers Campaign.
In Toering Elec. Co., 351 N.L.R.B. No. 18 (Sept. 29, 2007), the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) concluded that workers in the United States can be fired if they are believed to not be "genuinely interested" in obtaining the job. This category includes salting.
References
Trade unions in the United States
Tactics
"I Love You Came Too Late" is a song by Joey McIntyre, released as the second single from their debut album, Stay the Same.
Track listing
"I Love You Came Too Late"
"Stay the Same (Tony Moran Radio Remix)"
Music video
The video features McIntyre in a diner having flashbacks with their ex-girlfriend. They feel depressed during the video and sees their ex with a new boyfriend and looks away. When they leaf, McIntyre then hides from them inside the kitchen while trying to tell them they love them After telling her, McIntyre enlightens everyone with some dance. As they dance with her, they notice a ring (engagement or marriage) and feels depressed again. During the video, the girl does not seem to be shocked that they saw McIntyre at all.
Charts
References
External links
1999 singles
Songs written by Eric Foster White
1999 songs
Emmelina buscki is a moth of the family Pterophoridae first described by William Barnes and Arthur Ward Lindsey in 1921. It is found in North America.
The wingspan is 20–21 mm. Adults are tawny or brownish white, the abdomen with a slight brown dorsal stripe and some brown scales on the sides and below. The forewings are whitish tawny with scattered brown scales forming a dot in the cell and a dash before the cleft which projects toward a costal spot beyond the base of the cleft. The fringes are gray brown. The hindwings and fringes are gray brown. Adults are on wing in February, August, September and December.
The larvae feed on Ipomoea indica. They skeletonize the young leaves of their host plant.
References
Moths described in 1921
Oidaematophorini
Middlesex Hospital is a non-profit, acute care community hospital in Middletown, Connecticut.
Its service area includes Middlesex County, Connecticut and the lower Connecticut River Valley region. In 2015 Middlesex became the first hospital in Connecticut to join the Mayo Clinic Care Network.
Facilities and current operations
Middlesex Hospital provides inpatient medical, surgical and emergency services, as well as outpatient care, including diagnostic, rehabilitation, behavioral health, disease management, radiology, laboratory, cancer care, homecare, wound and ostomy care, surgical services, urgent care, and a network of primary care offices. The hospital employs over 3,100 people and has 381 active medical staff, 77 courtesy medical staff, and 142 allied health professionals.
The hospital has a Family Medicine Residency Program and a Radiologic Technology School. In addition to its emergency department in Middletown, the Health System operates two satellite medical centers in Westbrook, Connecticut and Marlborough, Connecticut with fully accredited, stand-alone emergency departments. Combined, the three locations serve the 4th highest emergency patient volume of all Connecticut hospitals. In 2015 the hospital had 13,617 discharges, 663,012 outpatient visits, and 79,563 emergency department visits.
History
In 1895 the Connecticut General Assembly issued a charter incorporating Middlesex Hospital. With a $20,000 grant from the state, and the gift of the Camp Homestead on Crescent Street, the hospital opened in the spring of 1904. The hospital's nursing school graduated nurses from 1910 until the Ona M. Wilcox School of Nursing closed in 1997.
Services
Inpatient Care
The hospital is licensed for 297 beds, 33 bassinets and serves a total population of over 250,000 persons.
Walk-In Urgent Care
Middlesex Hospital Urgent Care handles non-emergency medical care in Madison, Connecticut, Middletown and Old Saybrook, Connecticut.
Cancer Center
The Cancer Center offers radiation oncology, medical oncology and supportive services with diagnostic radiology including PET scan, CT scan and MRI close by. The cancer program is an ACoS-approved Comprehensive Community Cancer Center.
Comprehensive Breast Center
Middlesex Hospital is accredited by the American College of Surgeons National Accreditation Program for Breast Centers as a Comprehensive Breast Center. The Breast Center is located at 540 Saybrook Road.
Home Care / Hospice Program
The hospital provides Homecare, hospice and palliative care home visits. The hospice program is Medicare-certified and includes homecare as well as in-patient care within the hospital. It was established in 1985.
Pregnancy and Birth Center
The Pregnancy & Birth Center at Middlesex Hospital is designated as “Baby-Friendly” by Baby-Friendly USA. The Baby-Friendly Hospital initiative recognizes hospitals that provide an optimal level of care and information for breastfeeding moms.
Centers of Excellence
The hospital has Joint Commission approved Centers of Excellence in stroke, joint replacement for hips and knees, and bariatrics. The Middlesex Hospital Center for Joint Replacement has earned The Joint Commission Gold Seal of Approval® for hip and knee replacements.
Awards and recognition
Magnet Hospital
On June 1, 2001, Middlesex Hospital became Connecticut's first Magnet hospital by the American Nurses Credentialing Center (ANCC), an arm of the American Nurses Association. The hospital has retained its designation since 2001.
Top 100 Hospitals
Middlesex Hospital has been designated four times as one of the Thomson Reuters 100 Top Hospitals®
Best Health Care Rankings
Middlesex Hospital achieved the highest rating possible from U.S. News & World Reports hospital rankings in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), heart failure, colon cancer surgery, and hip replacement.
Joint Commission Top Performers
The Hospital was recognized as part of The Joint Commission's 2015 annual report “America's Hospitals: Improving Quality and Safety,” for attaining and sustaining excellence in accountability for key quality measures for:
heart attack
heart failure
Pneumonia
surgical care
venous thromboembolism
perinatal care
Healthgrades Quality Awards
Middlesex Hospital was recognized by Healthgrades for the following five clinical and hospital quality awards:
America's 100 Best Hospitals for Pulmonary Care Award 2015, 2016, 2017
America's 100 Best Hospitals for Stroke Care Award 2016, 2017
Critical Care Excellence Award 2017
Distinguished Hospital Award for Clinical Excellence 2016
Outstanding Patient Experience Award 2014, 2016
Middlesex was the only hospital in Connecticut to receive the Patient Experience Award in 2014, and one of only two in 2016.
Middlesex Hospital received an award for Clinical Excellence in 2017 for rating in the top 5% of hospitals in the nation with the lowest risk-adjusted mortality and complication rates across at least 21 of 32 common conditions and procedures.
References
Hospitals in Connecticut
The term “soft robots” designs a broad class of robotic systems whose architecture includes soft elements, with much higher elasticity than traditional rigid robots. Articulated Soft Robots are robots with both soft and rigid parts, inspired to the muscle-skeletal system of vertebrate animals – from reptiles to birds to mammalians to humans. Compliance is typically concentrated in actuators, transmission and joints (corresponding to muscles, tendons and articulations) while structural stability is provided by rigid or semi-rigid links (corresponding to bones in vertebrates).
The other subgroup in the broad family of soft robots includes continuum soft robots, i.e. robots whose body is a deformable continuum, including its structural, actuating and sensing elements, and take inspiration from invertebrate animals such as octopuses or slugs, or parts of animals, such as an elephant trunk.
Soft robots are often designed to exhibit natural behaviours, robustness and adaptivity, and sometimes mimick the mechanical characteristics of biological systems.
Characteristics and Design
Articulated Soft Robots are built taking inspiration from the intrinsic properties of muscle-skeletal system of vertebrates, whose compliant nature enables humans and animals to effectively and safely perform a large variety of tasks, ranging from walking on uneven terrains, running, and climbing, to grasping and manipulating. It also makes them resilient to highly dynamic, unexpected events such as impacts with the environment. The interplay of the physical properties of vertebrates with the neural sensory-motor control makes motion very energy–efficient, safe and effective.
Robots able to co-exist and co-operate with people and reach or even surpass their performance require a technology of actuators, responsible for moving and controlling the robot, which can reach the functional performance of the biological muscle and its neuro-mechanical control.
The most promising class of actuators for soft robots is the class of Variable Impedance Actuators (VIA) and the subclass of Variable Stiffness Actuators (VSA), complex mechatronic devices that are developed to build passively compliant, robust, and dexterous robots. VSAs can vary their impedance directly at the physical level, thus without the need of an active control capable to simulate different stiffness values. The idea of varying the mechanical impedance of actuation comes directly from natural musculo-skeletal systems, which often exhibit this feature.
A class of Variable Stiffness Actuators achieve simultaneous control of the robot by using two motors antagonistically to manipulate a non-linear spring which acts as an elastic transmission between each of the motors and the moving part, so as to control both the equilibrium point of the robot, and its rigidity or compliance.
Such control model is very similar in philosophy to Equilibrium-Point hypothesis of human motor control. This similitude makes soft robotics an interesting field of research capable to exchange ideas and insights with the research community in motor neuroscience.
Variable Impedance Actuators increase the performance of the soft robotics systems in comparison with the traditional rigid robots in three key aspects: Safety, Resilience and Energy-Efficiency.
Safety in physical human-robot interaction
One of the most revolutionary and challenging features of the class of articulated soft robots is Physical Human-Robot Interaction. Soft robots designed to physically interact with people are designed to coexist and cooperate with humans in applications such as assisted industrial manipulation, collaborative assembly, domestic work, entertainment, rehabilitation or medical applications.
Clearly, such robots must fulfill different requirements from those typically met in conventional industrial applications: while it might be possible to relax requirements on velocity of execution and absolute accuracy, concerns such as safety and dependability become of great importance when robots have to interact with humans.
Safety can be increased in different ways. The classical methods include control and sensorization, e.g. proximity-sensitive skins, or the addition of external soft elements (soft and compliant coverings or airbags placed around the arm for increasing the energy-absorbing properties of protective layers).
Advanced sensing and control can realize a “soft” behavior via software. Articulated Soft Robotics realizes a different approach at increasing the safety level of robots interacting with humans by introducing mechanical compliance and damping directly at the mechanical design level.,“By this approach, researchers tend to replace the sensor-based computation of a behavior and its error-prone realization using active actuator control, by its direct physical embodiment, as in the natural example. Having compliance and damping in the robot structure is by no means sufficient to ensure its safety, as it might indeed be even couterproductive for the elastic energy potentially stored: just like a human arm, a soft robot arm will need intelligent control to make it behave softly as when caressing a baby, or strongly as when punching”.
Resilience
Physical interaction of a robot with its environment can also be dangerous to the robot itself. Indeed, the number of times a robot is damaged because of impacts or force overexertion is rather large.
Resilience to shocks is not only instrumental to achieve viable applications of robots in everyday life, but would also be very useful in industrial environments, substantially enlarging the scope of applicability of robot technology.
Soft robotics technologies can provide solutions that are effective in absorbing shocks and reducing accelerations: soft materials can be used as coverings or even as structural elements in robot limbs, but the main technological challenge remains with soft actuators and transmissions.
Performance and Energy Efficiency
The dynamic behavior of the actuators with controllable compliance guarantees high-performance, lifelike motion and higher energy efficiency than rigid robots.
The natural dynamics of the robot can adapt to the environment, and thus the intrinsic physical behavior of the resulting system is close to the desired motion. In these circumstances, actuators would only have to inject and extract energy into and out of the system for small corrective actions, thus reducing energy consumption.
The idea of embodying desirable dynamics in the physical properties of soft robots finds its natural application in humanoid robots, having to resemble the movements of humans, or in robotic systems realized for prosthetic uses, e.g. anthropomorphic artificial hands. A relevant example of use is in and walking/running robots: indeed, the fact that natural systems change the compliance of their muscular system depending on the gait and environmental conditions, and even during the different phases of the gait, seem to indicate the potential usefulness of Variable Impedance Actuators (VIA) for locomotion. An emerging trend of use of VIA technologies is connected to the growing of a novel category of industrial robots connected to Industry4.0, the Co-Bots.
Exploration of soft robots' full potential is leading to more and more applications in which the robots overcome conventional- robot performance, and it is widely believed that more applications are yet to come
Related European Projects and Initiatives
SOMA (Soft Manipulation)
SOFTPRO (Synergy-based Open-source Foundations and Technologies for Prosthetics and Rehabilitation)
SOFTHANDS
Natural Natural Machine Motion Initiative (NMMI)
SAPHARI (Safe and Autonomous Physical Human-Aware Robot Interaction)
VIACTORS (Variable Impedance Actuation systems embodying advanced interaction behaviors)
ROBLOG (Cognitive Robot for Automation of Logistic Processes)
THE (The Hand Embodied)
PHRIENDS (Physical Human-Robot Interaction, dependability and safety)
See also
Continuum soft robotics
Collaborative Robotics
Human-Robot Interaction
Humanoid robots
Autonomous robots
Personal robot
References
Robots
West Ottawa Soccer Club was a Canadian women's semi-professional soccer club based in Kanata, Ontario, just west of Ottawa that competed in the women's division League1 Ontario.
History
The club was founded in 2010 as a youth soccer club when local clubs Goulbourn Soccer Club and Kanata Soccer Club decided to merge to form the West Ottawa Soccer Club.
The club joined the women's division of League1 Ontario for the 2017 season becoming the first team in the league from Ottawa. They played their first match against Vaughan Azzurri losing 2-1. They left the league following the 2018 season.
In 2017, the club formed a partnership with Major League Soccer club Montreal Impact's Academy, becoming the first club from Ontario to partner with them.
Seasons
Women
Notable former players
The following players have either played at the professional or international level, either before or after playing for the League1 Ontario team:
References
Soccer clubs in Ontario
League1 Ontario teams
Women's soccer clubs in Canada
Soccer clubs in Ottawa
Sports teams in Ottawa
Thomas Myles Steinbeck (August 2, 1944 – August 11, 2016) was a screenwriter, photographer, and journalist. They published numerous works of fiction, including short stories and novels. They were the elder son of American novelist John Steinbeck.
Life and work
Early years
Thomas ("Thom") Steinbeck was born in Manhattan, New York City, to American novelist John Steinbeck and their second wife, singer-composer Gwyndolyn Conger on August 2, 1944. Their younger brother John Steinbeck IV was born two years later. Their parents' marriage dissolved four years after they were born, and subsequently Thom spent a great deal of time with their father, whom they credited for instilling in them not only a passion for the world's great writers, but also a recognition of how language and poetic rhythms affect individuals and society in general. They had a good relationship with their famous father, saying that they would rate them "an eight-and-a-half or a nine" on a ten-point scale.
Thom was educated at a number of East coasts boarding schools. As they told an interviewer in 2011:
When not in school or on holiday, Thom and their brother traveled widely with their father to Europe, Greece, and North Africa. In 1961, the family spent a year traveling the world with a young teacher named Terrence McNally, whom the elder Steinbeck hired as a tutor for their sons. McNally later gained acclaim as a playwright and won four Tony Awards and an Emmy.
After high school, Thom Steinbeck studied animation at the California Institute of the Arts, then went on to study film at the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television. The Vietnam War cut their studies short.
Military service
Steinbeck trained to serve with Armed Forces Radio and Television at Fort Knox, but arrived in Vietnam on the second day of the 1968 Tet Offensive and was immediately reassigned as a helicopter door gunner. Afterward, they resumed work as a combat photographer (he once said that "we had a fantasy that somehow we could take the photograph that could stop the war") and returned to their original posting with AFVN as a television production specialist. After their service, they returned to Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia as a journalist and photographer.
Writer and filmmaker
Upon their return to the U.S., Steinbeck wrote and crewed on a number of documentaries, films and television projects. During the next 25 years, they wrote their own original screenplays and documentaries and screenplay adaptations of their father's work. The latter included screenplays based on In Dubious Battle, The Pearl, and Travels With Charley.
At age 58, Steinbeck published their first book, Down to a Soundless Sea (2002), a series of short stories based upon the original settlers of Big Sur, California, in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The book was translated into seven languages, an audio version, and a large print edition, and was part of Oprah's Book Club. In 2010, Simon & Schuster published their first novel, In the Shadow of the Cypress. Their second novel, The Silver Lotus, was released in November 2011 by Counterpoint Press.
Steinbeck contributed to the California Project, a collection of short stories by 27 California authors. Sales from the book were used to help save the struggling California Arts Council. This book went into three printings, and the project helped the Council reach financial solvency.
Personal life
In addition to writing and producing, Steinbeck was an active public speaker and teacher, who often lectured on American literature, creative writing, and the communication arts. They served as a board member of both the National Steinbeck Center in Salinas, California and The Center for Steinbeck Studies at San Jose State University. Once every year, they personally presented the John Steinbeck Award through their foundation, The John Steinbeck Family Foundation in affiliation with The Center for Steinbeck Studies.
Steinbeck was an advocate for authors' rights. In 2009, they and their friend folk singer Arlo Guthrie brought a copyright infringement lawsuit against Google that was eventually settled.
At the time of their death, Steinbeck lived with their wife Gail in Santa Barbara, California. According to their family, they died of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. They were 72.
Selected works
Fiction
Down to a Soundless Sea. (New York: Balantine Books, 2002) (hardcover, 1st ed.) –
In the Shadow of the Cypress (New York: Gallery Books, 2010) (hardcover, 1st ed.) –
The Silver Lotus (Berkeley, CA: Counterpoint, 2011) (hardcover, 1st ed.) –
Dr. Greenlaw and the Zulu Princess (Post Hill Press, 2013) ASIN B00GS3V0SO (eBook edition only) –
Cabbages and Kings (Post Hill Press, 2013) (eBook edition only) –
Mrs. Penngelli and the Pirate (Post Hill Press, 2013) (eBook edition only) –
Contributor
Light, Melanie. Valley of Shadows and Dreams, with Ken Light (Photographer), Thomas Steinbeck (Foreword); (Berkeley, CA: Heyday Books, 2012)
Kannard, Brian. Steinbeck: Citizen Spy, with Thomas Steinbeck (note to the Introduction); (Nashville, TN: Grave Distractions Publications, 2013)
Brode, Benjamin. In Search of the Dark Watchers: Landscapes and Lore of Big Sur, with Thomas Steinbeck (Field Notes); (Steinbeck Press, 2014)
Further reading
Benson, Jackson J (1990). John Steinbeck, Writer. Penguin Putnam Inc., second edition.
Steinbeck IV, John and Nancy Steinbeck (2001). The Other Side of Eden: Life with John Steinbeck. Prometheus Books.
References
External links
Author's website
Steinbeck Family Now Supports Google Book Plan
The accidental author: an essay by Thomas Steinbeck via Web Archive and the Wayback Machine
Common Ties: Thomas Steinbeck on Vietnam via Web Archive and the "Wayback machine"
Down to a Soundless Sea at Oprah's Book Club
Steinbeck's Son Wins Rights to Dad's Work
MACV Biographies
1944 births
2016 deaths
Writers from Manhattan
People from Santa Barbara, California
John Steinbeck
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
United States Army soldiers
War photographers
Writers from California
Military personnel from New York City
20th-century American writers
21st-century American novelists
American male novelists
American short story writers
American male short story writers
Deaths from lung disease
Novelists from New York (state)
21st-century American male writers
Arturo Torres (born December 11, 1980) is an American soccer player, the first player in the history of Chivas USA of Major League Soccer.
Torres played college soccer at Loyola Marymount University from 1999 to 2002. As a first-year student, although they only started 13 of 18 games, Torres scored 16 goals and 4 assists, and was a first-team All-WCC selection. Torres had continued success in 2000, registering 11 goals and 10 assists, and was named the WCC Co-Player of the Year. As a junior, Torres was again a first-team All-WCC selection, after scoring 11 goals and 3 assists. As a senior, they scored 8 goals and 13 assists, and was named to the All-WCC first team for the fourth straight year. They finished their career at LMU with 46 goals and 22 assists.
Upon graduating, Torres was selected 19th overall by the Los Angeles Galaxy in the 2003 MLS SuperDraft and signed to a developmental contract. In their first year, they appeared in nine games, starting three. In 2004, they appeared in 18 games, scoring a goal and two assists. Despite the meek numbers, Chivas USA made Torres the first official player in club history, drafting them first overall in the 2004 MLS Expansion Draft. They would go on to play 23 games for the club during the 2005 season, scoring 2 goals.
External links
MLS profile
1980 births
Living people
American soccer players
Loyola Marymount Lions men's soccer players
LA Galaxy players
Chivas USA players
Bakersfield Brigade players
American sportspeople of Mexican descent
Major League Soccer players
USL League Two players
LA Galaxy draft picks
Association football defenders
People from Harbor City, Los Angeles
Soccer players from California
The first season of the black comedy slasher television series Scream Queens originally aired on Fox in the United States. It premiered on September 22, 2015 and concluded on December 8, 2015. The season consists of 13 episodes.
The first season takes place at the fictional college campus of Wallace University. One of the sororities, Kappa Kappa Tau, becomes plagued by a serial killer, who uses the university's Red Devil mascot as a disguise.
The season stars Emma Roberts, Skyler Samuels, Lea Michele, Glen Powell, Diego Boneta, Abigail Breslin, Keke Palmer, Oliver Hudson, Nasim Pedrad, Lucien Laviscount, Billie Lourd, and Jamie Lee Curtis.
Cast
Main
Emma Roberts as Chanel Oberlin
Skyler Samuels as Grace Gardner
Lea Michele as Hester Ulrich / Chanel #6
Glen Powell as Chad Radwell
Diego Boneta as Pete Martinez
Abigail Breslin as Libby Putney / Chanel #5
Keke Palmer as Zayday Williams
Oliver Hudson as Weston "Wes" Gardner
Nasim Pedrad as Gigi Caldwell / Jess Meyer
Lucien Laviscount as Earl Grey
Billie Lourd as Sadie Swenson / Chanel #3
Jamie Lee Curtis as Dean Cathy Munsch
Special guest stars
Niecy Nash as Denise Hemphill
Ariana Grande as Sonya Herfmann / Chanel #2
Nick Jonas as Boone Clemens
Chad Michael Murray as Brad Radwell
Recurring
Breezy Eslin as Jennifer
Jeanna Han as Sam
Aaron Rhodes as Roger
Austin Rhodes as Dodger
Evan Paley as Caulfield Mount Herman
Anna Grace Barlow as Bethany Stevens / Mary Mulligan
Grace Phipps as Mandy Greenwell
Jim Klock as Detective Chisolm
Jan Hoag as Ms. Agatha Bean
Guest
McKaley Miller as Sophia Doyle
Chelsea Ricketts as Amy Meyer
Anna Margaret Collins as Coco Cohen
Brianne Howey as Melanie Dorkus
Whitney Meyer as Tiffany DeSalle / Deaf Taylor Swift
Deneen Tyler as Shondell Washington
Roger Bart as Dr. Herfmann
Charisma Carpenter as Mrs. Herfmann
David Simpson as Aaron Cohen / Coney
Jennifer Aspen as adult Mandy Greenwell
Tavi Gevinson as Feather McCarthy
Philip Casnoff as Steven Munsch
Alan Thicke as Tad Radwell
Julia Duffy as Bunny Radwell
Patrick Schwarzenegger as Thad Radwell
Rachele Brooke Smith as Muffy St. Pierre-Radwell
Faith Prince as Kristy Swenson
Gary Grubbs as Mr. Swenson
LB Brown as Freddy Swenson
Wallace Langham as Mr. Putney
Lara Grice as Mrs. Putney
Jean Louisa Kelly as Delight Ulrich
Steven Culp as Clark Ulrich
Episodes
Casting
In December 2014, it was reported that Emma Roberts and Jamie Lee Curtis would be featured as series regulars. In January 2015, Lea Michele, Keke Palmer, and Abigail Breslin joined the series' main cast, as well as actor/singer Ariana Grande in a recurring capacity. Later that month, The Hollywood Reporter confirmed that Nick Jonas would recur throughout the first season. In February 2015, newcomer Billie Lourd and Skyler Samuels joined the series' main cast. Later in the month, Niecy Nash joined the recurring cast as Denise, a kick-butt security guard, as well as British actor Lucien Laviscount, Diego Boneta and Glen Powell being confirmed as regulars. In March, Nasim Pedrad was cast as a regular. On March 13, 2015, previously cast Joe Manganiello was forced to depart the series, due to publicity obligations for their film Magic Mike XXL. Oliver Hudson was hired as their replacement. On June 24, 2015, it was announced that Charisma Carpenter and Roger Bart would portray Chanel #2's (Ariana Grande) parents. In August 2015, Philip Casnoff was cast as Cathy's (Jamie Lee Curtis) husband. In September 2015, series co-creater Ryan Murphy announced, through their Twitter feed, that Patrick Schwarzenegger had joined the cast. They portrayed Chad Radwell's (Glen Powell) younger brother, Thad. Their older brother, Brad, was portrayed by Chad Michael Murray, while Alan Thicke and Julia Duffy were cast as their parents Mr. and Mrs. Radwell: all appearing in the "Thanksgiving episode".
Reception
Critical response
The first season of Scream Queens received mixed to positive reviews from critics. The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gave the first season a 68% of approval with an average rating of 6.35/10, based on 74 reviews. The site's critical consensus reads: "Too tasteless for mainstream viewers and too silly for horror enthusiasts, Scream Queens fails to satisfy." On Metacritic, the season was given a score of 59 out of 100, based on 33 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
IGN reviewer Terri Schwartz gave a very positive review of the two-hour premiere, giving it a 9.7 out of 10 and saying "Ryan Murphy has worked their TV magic again with a killer start to Scream Queens. From the acting to the costuming to the writing, everything about this concept and execution works. Scream Queens is as funny and self-aware as it needs to be to not bore audiences, but also offers up enough mystery and intrigue to keep even the biggest skeptic entertained." The Telegraph also gave a positive review, awarding the show four stars out of five. They commented that the show pummels "the viewer into submission with sheer, rictus-grinning relentlessness" and praised it for being "shiny, gory and whip-smart."
Robert Rorke of The New York Post panned the series, later putting it on their list of 10 worst TV shows of 2015 and criticized Roberts' performance, saying that they "can't act".
Ratings
Home media
References
External links
2015 American television seasons
Season 1
Katina is a given name and surname. It may refer to
Given name
Katina (orca) (born 1975), female orca living in Florida
Katina Papa (1903–1959), Greek author
Katina Paxinou (1900–1973), Greek film and stage actor
Katina Schubert (born 1961), German politician
Surname
Lena Katina (born 1984), Russian singer and songwriter
See also
The Katinas, a contemporary Christian music group
Rikizo Takata (18 October 1900 – 31 October 1992) was a Japanese painter. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1900 births
1992 deaths
20th-century Japanese painters
Japanese painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Kurume
Lisa Lorentzen (also published as Lisa Jacobsen) is a Norwegian mathematician known for their work on continued fractions.  They are a professor emerita in the Department of Mathematical Sciences at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU).
Books
With , Lorentzen is the author of the book Continued Fractions with Applications (Studies in Computational Mathematics 3, North-Holland, 1992; 2nd ed., Atlantis Studies in Mathematics for Engineering and Science, Springer, 2008).
 They are also the author of two textbooks in Norwegian: Kalkulus for ingeniører [Calculus for engineers] and [What is mathematics?], and co-author with Arne Hole and Tom Louis Lindstrøm of Kalkulus med én og flere variable [Calculus with single and multiple variables].
Recognition
Lorentzen is a member of the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters.
They were the 1986 winner of the academic prize of the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Norwegian mathematicians
Norwegian women mathematicians
Norwegian University of Science and Technology faculty
Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters
Samuel Te Kani (born 1990) is a Māori author, artist, and sexpert.
Early life
Te Kani (Ngāpuhi) grew up in Whangārei. Te Kani has described growing up in a Protestant household who were accepting of their early cross-dressing, and that their family experienced brief stints of homelessness as a result of evictions. Te Kani came out as gay when they were 14, saying that they came out "without the practical knowledge of my orientation, only the fervent theoretical belief that I was a homosexual."
Career
Te Kani started sex blogging in 2013–14, which then led to series of mini-documentaries, Sex with Sam, for Vice on different aspects of sex and sexuality in New Zealand.
Te Kani has also written cultural, music, and sex-related essays for a variety of publications, including Metro, Vice, The Spinoff, TVNZ, Stuff, and Radio New Zealand.
In 2015 Te Kani contributed a chapter to the book Close Your Eyes With Holy Dread, and in 2020 contributed a chapter to the book Whose Futures?
During the COVID-19 pandemic in New Zealand Te Kani supplemented their income by writing 150-200 personalised erotic stories on commission. Reoccurring motifs in these commissions were John Campbell, Britney Spears, and bisexual Male-Male-Female stories.
Te Kani participated in New Zealand's 2018 National Poetry Day, and in two panels in the 2020 Samesame But Different writing festival; one on science-fiction, and another on sex. Te Kani participated in the 2022 Auckland Writers Festival and 2022 New Zealand Young Writers Festival.
In 2022, Te Kani's essay Catholic Taste was shown and orated in the art show Season, a mixed-medium gallery in the Commercial Bay Shopping Centre.
Please, Call Me Jesus
In 2021 Te Kani published Please, Call Me Jesus their debut fiction book of erotic short-stories. In describing the book, Te Kani said that Please, Call Me Jesus is "a collection of mostly erotic fiction, but I play with the genre a little bit there too, so there's sci-fi and fantasy elements."
One reviewer summarised the book as "There's an unsavory Messiah, a monk named Tilda Swinton, as well as werewolves, a lidless box of dildos and enough fisting scenes to equal 11 weeks of lockdown." One review for 95bFM said that Please, Call me Jesus is "clever and dark, and it's consistently reminding you of how freaky and weird and intelligent [Te Kani]'s brain is.
Influence and writing style
Te Kani's work often falls under the science-fiction category, they said "I love sci-fi categorically as a genre because it's just a lab house for futures. It's a space where we can project and reimagine where we are and where we are going."
Te Kani said the first time they encountered erotic fiction was when they were twelve years old, reading Less Than Zero by Bret Easton Ellis, which led to a lifelong interest in the subject. Te Kani has been influenced by writers Witi Ihimaera and Peter Willis.
Published works
References
21st-century New Zealand male writers
LGBT writers from New Zealand
New Zealand Māori writers
Ngāpuhi people
Ngāti Porou people
Living people
Waikato Tainui people
People from Whangārei
1990 births
Josie Mpama (March 21, 1903 – Dec. 3, 1979), born Josephine Palmer, was a South African anti-apartheid and labor activist.
A forceful campaigner against racial segregation and for labor and women's rights, they are considered the first black woman to play a major role in the Communist Party of South Africa.
Early life
Josie Mpama was born March 21, 1903, in Potchefstroom in what was then known as the Transvaal Colony, now the North West Province of South Africa.
Them parents were Georgina Garson and Stephen Bonny Mpama, a government interpreter. They described themselves as coloured; their father was Zulu, though their family had left their community and converted to Christianity, and their mother was Mfengu, Afrikaner, and moSotho.
They were known for a portion of their life as Josie Palmer, using the Anglicized version of their father's Zulu last name. They began using the name Mpama later, on moving to a black township, but used both names throughout their life, depending in part on where they were living.
Mpama was raised in Sophiatown, outside Johannesburg, before moving back to Potchefstroom in 1921. Them parents divorced when they were seven, and they eventually had to provide for themselves and their mother by working as a servant for white families.
Activism
In the late 1920s, Josie Mpama became one of the first black women to join the Communist Party of South Africa, a predecessor of the South African Communist Party. Shortly after joining, they became the Communist Party's branch secretary for Potchefstroom.
In 1928, they led a campaign against requiring black residents of the Potchefstroom area to obtain lodger's permits for anyone staying in their homes, including their own adult children. They went on to campaign against several other apartheid residency and travel restrictions. Mpama was also involved in the 1929 Beer Hall Riots.
In the early years of their political work, they did laundry for white families to make ends meet.
They and their husband were forced to leave Potchefstroom in 1931, and they moved to Johannesburg. They joined the Communist Party's Political Bureau in 1937 and then its Central Committee. They also became a member of the party's Johannesburg committee in the 1940s and was a leader in the women's section of the party.
Mpama wrote for Umsebenzi, the official press organ of the Communist Party, in the 1920s and '30s, highlighting the struggles of black workers. They were militantly pro-trade union and fought for increased wages for teachers.
In 1935, they traveled to Moscow to attend the Seventh World Congress of the Communist International and study at the Communist University of the Toilers of the East.
Mpama's work also included the fight for women's rights. In 1947, they helped found the Transvaal All Women's Union, becoming the organization's first secretary. They then helped found the Federation of South African Women in 1954, eventually leading its Transvaal branch.
Later years
Mpama faced pressure from the authorities, including a banning order in the mid-1950s and an arrest in 1960. They were eventually forced to step back from political activity due to the banning order and health problems.
They spent their final years organizing women's groups at their church.
Josie Mpama died on Dec. 3, 1979, after having been hit by a car while waiting to collect their pension.
Personal life
Mpama was common-law married to Thabo Edwin Mofutsanyana, a leader in the African National Congress and the Communist Party of South Africa, in the 1920s. Because Mofutsanyana was black while Mpama was coloured, legally their partnership violated apartheid laws. The couple separated in the late 1930s.
They had their first daughter, Carol, with a coloured man in Doornfontein in 1920. They then had their second daughter, Francis, with another man in 1926.
With Mofutsanyana, they had another daughter, Hilda, in 1928. They later had a son, Dennis, possibly the product of an affair with Moses Kotane.
Mpama was a practicing Anglican, and they were vocal in their belief that there was no contradiction between their Christian faith and their commitment to communism.
Recognition
In 2004, they posthumously received the Order of Luthuli in Silver for their activism against apartheid and in favor of workers' rights.
 They are represented with a sculpture at the National Heritage Monument in the Groenkloof Nature Reserve.
References
1903 births
1979 deaths
Members of the South African Communist Party
Anti-apartheid activists
South African women activists
South African communists
Members of the Order of Luthuli
South African women's rights activists
South African trade unionists
South African women writers
South African writers
South African Anglicans
Christian communists
"Aye" (pronounced ah yay) is a song by Nigerian singer Davido. It was produced by TSpize, a record producer affiliated with Runtown. The song peaked at number 5 on MTV Base's Official Naija Top 10 chart from March 28 through April 3, 2014, and was primarily released to celebrate Valentine's Day.
Composition
It was alleged that Davido bought "Aye" from Runtown, an artist who featured them on "Gallardo".
Critical reception
"Aye" received positive reviews from music critics. Micheal Abimboye of Premium Times newspaper said the song's instrusmental is "reminiscent of that made popular by kegite clubs" and that its "cool tempo makes it enjoyable and reminds one of an old school video of a generation past slow-grooving to high-life in a jazz club." A writer for Fuse.com.ng described the melody of "Aye" as "charismatic" and said it "provides a sing along vibe that catches the lips of both old and young as they hold on to their headgear or do the Bata dance while singing happily". David Drake of Pitchfork opined that "Aye" is "perhaps the sweetest song of devotion yet written". Drake also said its "thicket of rhythms eventually taking shape as clean, piercing guitar lines cut through to provide a melodic counterpoint."
Music video
The music video for "Aye" was shot and directed in Nigeria by Clarence Peters. It was uploaded to YouTube on February 7, 2014, at a total length of 4 minutes and 11 seconds. In the video, Davido plays a poor farmer who is physically attracted to a princess. Davido took the unconventional route by shooting the video in a rural setting. The locality of the area where the video was shot complements the song's lyrics. According to YouTube's first quarter report, the music video was the most watched video by Nigerians on the video sharing site.
Accolades
"Aye" won The Hottest Single of the Year at the 2014 Nigeria Entertainment Awards. It was nominated for Most Popular Song of the Year at the 2014 City People Entertainment Awards. The music video for "Aye" was nominated for Most Gifted Male, Most Gifted Afro Pop, Most Gifted West and Most Gifted Video of the Year at the 2014 Channel O Music Video Awards. Moreover, "Aye" was nominated for Best Pop Single and won Song of the Year at The Headies 2014.
Year-end lists
Release history
References
External links
2014 songs
2014 singles
Davido songs
Song recordings produced by TSpize
Songs written by Davido
The 2007 Asian Championship of Ski Mountaineering () was the first edition of an Asian Championship of Ski Mountaineering
The event was organized by the Japan Mountaineering Association (JMA), and was officially sanctioned by the International Council for Ski Mountaineering Competitions (ISMC).
The championship was held at the Tsugaike Kōgen Ski Resort in the Japanese Nagano Prefecture from 31 March to 1 April 2007, and was the third ski mountaineering race event in the region. It had the official partnerships of Otari village authorities, Tsugaike Kōgen Ski Resort, Nagano mountaineering federation and other groups.
The participants, predominantly male racers, came from Japan, China, South Korea as well as from New Zealand.
Results
Event was held on April 1, 2007. Offered were separate individual races for male and female racers. The race course for male competitors was set at a height of 1,500 meters to 2,000 meters with a distance of 12 kilometers and with a total vertical difference over the course of 1,295 meters for male ski mountaineers, and the course for the female participants covered a distance of 8.2 kilometres with a vertical distance of 985 metres.
The New Zealanders Grant Guise and Jane Harper won each race but did not appear in the Asian Championship's ranking, because they were not Asian country nationals.
List of the best ten participants by gender:
References
2007
Asian Ski Mountaineering Championship
Asian Ski Mountaineering Championship
Asian Championship of Ski Mountaineering
The 1964 Auburn Tigers football team represented Auburn University in the 1964 NCAA University Division football season. It was the Tigers' 73rd overall and 31st season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Ralph "Shug" Jordan, in their 14th year, and played their home games at Cliff Hare Stadium in Auburn and Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. They finished with a record of six wins and four losses (6–4 overall, 3–3 in the SEC).
Schedule
Source: 1964 Auburn football schedule
Roster
Tucker Frederickson
References
Auburn
Auburn Tigers football seasons
Auburn Tigers football
(born 1964) is a Japanese musician, producer, and designer.
Life
Fujiwara was born in Ise, Mie. They moved to Tokyo at eighteen and became a standout in the Harajuku street fashion scene. During a trip to New York City in the early 1980s they were introduced to hip hop; taking American records back to Tokyo, they became one of Japan's first hip hop DJs, and is credited with popularizing the genre in Japan. They subsequently went into music producing, specializing in remixes.
 They are known as a godfather of Ura-Harajuku fashion and is a globally influential streetwear designer, including being the pioneer for Nike's "HTM" line, and the "Fenom" line for Levis. They launched their first brand, Good Enough, in the late 1980s.
Good Enough eventually gave way to a new project: Fragment Design, the brand which Fujiwara dedicates most of their time as a creative to in today's time.
In 2003, they appeared in the film Lost in Translation. As a musician, they have collaborated with many artists, among them are their friends Kahimi Karie, Janis Ian, Ua, and Eric Clapton. In 2003 they designed a guitar for Clapton which was custom made by Martin Guitars for some performances in Japan. After an initial run of eight, Martin built a total of 476 of these ornate black guitars. Another Fujiwara-Clapton guitar followed in 2006.
In 2008, Fujiwara made a rare public appearance in the U.S. and participated in the Imprint Culture Lab's Cult of Collaboration panel.
See also
Nigo
Japanese street fashion
Jun Takahashi
A Bathing Ape
Visvim
References
External links
Blog at Honeyee.com
Interview with Hiroshi at Theme Magazine
Interview with Hiroshi at Complex.com (English)
The Cult of Collaboration panel at Imprint Culture Lab 2008
HF x jeffstaple 1on1 at Imprint Culture Lab 2008
Advisory Staff Blog
Fujiwara Hiroshi at Instagram
1964 births
Japanese male musicians
Japanese musicians
Japanese fashion designers
Living people
Musicians from Mie Prefecture
People from Ise, Mie
Ross Durant is a former association football player who played as a defender. They represented the New Zealand national team at international level.
Durant played four official internationals for the Whites in the space of nine days, making their debut in a 2–0 win over Australia on 21 February 1980 and earning their fourth and final cap in a 6–1 win over the Solomon Islands on 29 February 1980.
Durant now teaches social studies and geography at Wellington College in New Zealand. They coached footballers Tim Brown and Leo Bertos during their time at Wellington College in their respective College Football teams.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
New Zealand association footballers
Association football defenders
New Zealand international footballers
1980 Oceania Cup players
Kullakkar rice is an ancient rice variety, grown primarily in India. It is one of the red rice varieties grown in India.
This rice is indigenous to India. It is "naturally hardy and pest resistant", reducing the dependence on pesticides. Its growing time is short, and can therefore be grown throughout the year. Different varieties have adapted themselves to different land conditions, from alkaline soil to saline soils, and from drought prone areas to waterlogged areas.
This rice is suitable for making idli, dosa and porridge.
See also
Traditional rice varieties of Tamil Nadu
Health benefits of Kullakar Rice
References
Rice varieties
Tamil cuisine
Agriculture in Tamil Nadu
Rice production in India
Eleanor of Portugal ( ; – 28 August 1231) was a Portuguese infanta, the only daughter of Afonso II of Portugal and Urraca of Castile, Queen of Portugal. Eleanor was Queen of Denmark by marriage to Valdemar the Young, son of Valdemar II, in 1229.
Bishop Gunner of Viborg had first thought of the idea of the marriage, as Eleanor's aunt Berengaria had been Valdemar's stepmother. The wedding took place in Ribe on 24 June 1229, and the next day Eleanor received southern half of the island Funen as a wedding present from their husband. Even though they were junior queen, they were the only queen since their aunt had died eight years prior and their father-in-law had not remarried.
Only two years later Eleanor died in childbirth on the 28 August 1231, and three months later their husband was killed by an accidental shot.
When examining Eleanor's grave in Ringsted Church, it was discovered that their skeleton showed traces of cancer of the bones, which probably was contributory to their death. At the foot piece of Eleanor's grave was a leaden coffin, which contained the bones of a child about 6 months old, already sickly and scrofulous from birth. So Eleanor probably gave birth to a child, who survived them by only six months.
References
|-
1211 births
1231 deaths
Portuguese infantas
Danish royal consorts
House of Burgundy-Portugal
Burials at St. Bendt's Church, Ringsted
Deaths in childbirth
13th-century Portuguese people
13th-century Portuguese women
13th-century Danish people
13th-century Danish women
Samariscus is a genus of crested flounders native to the Indo-Pacific.
Species
Twenty recognized species are in this genus:
Samariscus asanoi Ochiai & Amaoka, 1962
Samariscus corallinus Gilbert, 1905 (coralline-red flounder)
Samariscus desoutterae Quéro, Hensley & Maugé, 1989
Samariscus filipectoralis S. C. Shen, 1982
Samariscus hexaradiatus Díaz de Astarloa, Causse & Pruvost, 2014
Samariscus huysmani Weber, 1913 (Huysman's righteye flounder)
Samariscus inornatus (Lloyd, 1909)
Samariscus japonicus Kamohara, 1936
Samariscus latus Matsubara & Takamuki, 1951 (deep-body righteye flounder)
Samariscus leopardus Voronina, 2009
Samariscus longimanus Norman, 1927 (longfinned flounder)
Samariscus luzonensis Fowler, 1934 (Luzon righteye flounder)
Samariscus macrognathus Fowler, 1934 (large-mouth righteye flounder)
Samariscus maculatus (Günther, 1880) (spotted righteye flounder)
Samariscus multiradiatus Kawai, Amaoka & Séret, 2008
Samariscus neocaledonia Kawai, Amaoka & Séret, 2011 (New Caledonian righteye flounder)
Samariscus nielseni Quéro, Hensley & Maugé, 1989 (Nielsen's righteye flounder)
Samariscus sunieri Weber & de Beaufort, 1929 (Sunier's righteye flounder)
Samariscus triocellatus Woods, 1960 (three-spot righteye flounder)
Samariscus xenicus Ochiai & Amaoka, 1962
References
Samaridae
Marine fish genera
Taxa named by Charles Henry Gilbert
Thomas C. McCreery (1816–1890) was a U.S. Senator from Kentucky from 1868 to 1871. Senator McCreery may also refer to:
John W. McCreery (1845–1917), West Virginia State Senate
William McCreery (Maryland politician) (1750–1814), Maryland State Senate
See also
James B. McCreary (1838–1918), U.S. senator from Kentucky from 1903 to 1909
Jamie Okuma (born 1977) is a Luiseño visual artist and fashion designer from California.  They are known for beadwork, mixed-media soft sculpture, and fashion design.  They are Luiseño, Wailaki, Okinawan, and Shoshone-Bannock.  They are also an enrolled member of the La Jolla band of Indians in Southern California where they are currently living and working.
Biography
Okuma was born in Glendale, California and lived the first years of their life in Los Angeles where their mother, successful painter and bead artist Sandra Okuma (Luiseño/Shoshone-Bannock), worked as a graphic designer for MCA Records. When Okuma was five, their family moved to the La Jolla Indian Reservation in Pauma Valley, California. At this time, Okuma began learning beadwork, encouraged by their mother. As a child and teenager, Okuma beaded their own dance regalia for powwows and earned money sewing regalia for others. They also accompanied their mother to Native American art shows.
After high school, they completed several graphic design classes at Palomar College in San Marcos, California, and went on to attend the Institute of American Indian Arts in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Artwork
Okuma's beaded dolls can include entire families or horses and riders, all with fully beaded regalia. The antique Venetian beads they use can be as small as size 22°, about the size of a grain of salt.
They eventually moved from doll clothing design and creation to high-end fashion. "I had been doing dolls, intensive bead work [sic], and shows for 15 years and had reached my limit in those fields. I needed a change and fashion was something I had planned on doing initially before I had such success with my beadwork, so the combination of beadwork familiarity along with a need to be an aspiring fashionista brought me to where I am today with what I call contemporary native fashion."
Career
Okuma has won six Best in Show awards, three from the Heard Indian Market in Phoenix, Arizona, and three from the Santa Fe Indian Market in Santa Fe, New Mexico. They were also awarded a First Place distinction in the textiles category at the 2012 Heard Museum Indian Fair & Market. Them work has been shown in Germany, Australia, France, and numerous art institutions throughout the United States, including the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. Them work is included in the permanent collections of the Minneapolis Institute of Art, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Nelson-Atkins Museum, and the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of the American Indian. In 2020, their art was exhibited in the landmark exhibition Hearts of Our People: Native Women Artists at the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
References
External links
Jamie Okuma official website
1977 births
Living people
21st-century Native Americans
21st-century Native American women
American contemporary artists
American women artists
Artists from California
Indigenous fashion designers of the Americas
Luiseño people
Native American bead artists
Native American designers
Native American women artists
Shoshone people
Women beadworkers
Women fashion designers
20th-century Native Americans
20th-century Native American women
Ahror Iminov (; born 14 July 1987) is a Kyrgyzstani business person. They have been the vice-president of the Wrestling Federation of the Kyrgyz Republic since 2018. In 2020, they were elected for parliament, but following the 2020 Kyrgyz protests the election results were annulled.
References
External links
Iminov's interview with Limon.kg
Iminov's interview with Kaktus
Living people
1987 births
People from Osh
Mike Cordaro (born 1957) is a former American football player. They started as quarterback for the Texas Longhorns in 1976.
Early life
Mike Cordaro played high school football at San Antonio Highlands High School. Though they would play quarterback in college, they didn't in high school where they were a kicker and played defensive back.
College career
Mike Cordaro came to Texas in 1975 without being recruited by the school and walked on to the team. Their only scholarship offers had been to play baseball and football at Angelo State or to play at the junior college level at Bee County or Ranger. In their first-year student year they didn't even make the roster and was redshirted, but by the following season he'd become the starting quarterback.
Cordaro was originally placed on the defensive team of the scout team and they requested to be moved to the offensive team. During summer practices in 1975, secondary coach Timmy Doerr spotted them playing catch with other walk-ons and Head Coach Darrell Royal had them added as a quarterback. In the spring of 1976, they were battling Randy McEachern for the backup roll behind Ted Constanzo. They played surprisingly well in the spring finale and entered summer as the #2 quarterback. McEachern injured their knee in August and after an extremely close competition, Royal settled on Cordaro for the starting job over sophomore Constanzo who had started several games the previous year. They became the only walk on to ever start as quarterback for Royal, though they had been given a scholarship in the spring before they played.
The Longhorns entered the season as the favorite to win the Southwest Conference Championship. The team featured future Heisman Trophy winner Earl Campbell and Olympic gold medalist Lam Jones. But when Earl Campbell pulled a hamstring in the opening game, and Texas was upset, the season started to slip away. Cordaro started the first seven games that season, including a 6-6 tie to #3 Oklahoma. But Royal lost confidence in him, pulling them in the first quarter against Texas Tech and trying two other signal callers in a 30-0 loss to Houston the following week. The following week, Constanzo was named the starter, though Cordaro saw significant playing time, in an embarrassing 30-0 loss to Houston. That led to both Cordaro and Constanzo being benched for the rest of the season in favor of true first-year student Mark McBath. Cordaro would throw one more pass, incomplete, against TCU that season, and it would be the last time he'd play for Texas. They finished with a 3-2-1 record. It wound up being Darrell Royal's last season too.
In 1977, they skipped much of spring drills to try their hand at baseball and thus was never in contention for the starter's job the following season, so instead they redshirted. In 1978, under coach Fred Akers, they transitioned to offensive end and the next year to wide receiver, but after the 1976 season they never took the field again.
References
External links
Texas stats
Living people
American football quarterbacks
Texas Longhorns football players
Players of American football from Texas
1957 births
Amy George is a 2011 Canadian microbudget film written, produced and directed by Yonah Lewis and Calvin Thomas. The film tells the story of the 13-year-old Jesse who wants to be an artist, but believes that their mundane middle class life has left them unprepared. After reading a book on what it takes to be a "true-artist", they set out looking for risk, ecstasy, wildness and women.
It premiered at the Wisconsin Film Festival on April 3, 2011 and had its Canadian premiere in the Canada First! section of the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival.
Plot
Thirteen-year-old Jesse is assigned a school project: a photographic self-portrait intended to portray one's self without resorting to literal representation. Jesse lives with their parents, Sabi and Tim, in the lefty, middle class Toronto neighbourhood of Riverdale. A quiet and distant only-child with budding artistic aspirations, Jesse is inspired by the assignment to look for excitement and meaning in the world around him. Wielding a newly acquired 35mm camera, Jesse sets out to capture their surroundings, but soon realizes the undramatic nature of their family, neighbourhood and existence.
Meanwhile, Sabi and Tim find themselves questioning Jesse's developing character as they watch them abandon their childhood personality and mature into an uncommunicative adolescent. Frustrated by their lack of inspiration, Jesse discovers a book in the school library which advises him, "You can never be a real artist until you have made love to a woman." Taking the text at face value and with the encouragement of a family friend, Jesse begins to look for new experiences, both foreign and adult, which leads them to an encounter with their young, female neighbour, Amy. Peering into their bedroom window at night, they snap a quick photograph of them
Days later, the two are inadvertently reunited, allowing Jesse an opportunity to explore their prepubescent fascination with the opposite sex. After a long evening of games, exploration and attempted hypnosis, Jesse awakes with confusion and guilt, unsure whether or not they may have overstepped their boundaries. The question of rape consumes their thoughts and Jesse is left struggling to reconcile their uneasy mind.
Cast
Production
Development
Amy George was Yonah Lewis and Calvin Thomas' seventh screenplay after graduating from film school in 2008 and an attempt to write something that spoke to their shared experiences. According to Lewis, having been a "really grumpy young male teenager" was the most obvious point of common ground. The first draft, which grappled with the idea that art must come from a place of suffering, was written in two weeks. "We were still ourselves coming to terms with the idea: How can you be an artist if you come from this middle class Canadian happy lifestyle?” explained Lewis.
The film was funded with the assistance of friends and family, including the 15-year-old Connor Jessup, who the directing pair knew from a summer arts camp they had taught at and they attended. Jessup said, "Guys, I wanna be in on the film; I wanna be on the set every day. And I'm gonna give you a significant amount of money."
Casting
The large teenage cast was primarily found at local schools. Gabriel del Castillo Mullaly who played the lead, Jesse, had never acted before and is the son of Canadian actor Maria del Mar. The characters of Jesse's parents, Sabi and Tim, were played by real-life couple, Claudia Dey and Don Kerr.
Filming
Principal photography began in and around the Toronto neighbourhood of Riverdale on May 8, 2010. Several scenes take place at neighbourhood parks, including Withrow Park and Riverdale Park. "We'd write about these generic American towns that don't exist, motels in the desert. Eventually we wanted to embrace what was around us. I'm living here in my parents' house at the moment and Calvin would be here and we'd be wandering around and what we'd see would be Withrow Park, Riverdale Park, Gerrard Street," said Lewis.
Music
The film's minimal score was written by Lewis' younger brother Lev Lewis. The film also features four songs by musician Michael Holt.
Awards
Amy George won the Spirit Award for Feature Narrative at the Brooklyn Film Festival in 2011.
References
External links
2011 films
2010s English-language films
2010s coming-of-age drama films
Canadian coming-of-age drama films
Canadian independent films
Films set in Toronto
Films shot in Toronto
2011 drama films
2011 independent films
English-language Canadian films
2010s Canadian films
Summer Spectacular (1996) was the fourth Summer Spectacular professional wrestling event produced by Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling (FMW). The event took place on August 1, 1996 at the Shiodome in Tokyo, Japan.
The main event was a no ropes exploding barbed wire glass crush spider net double hell deathmatch between Mr. Pogo and the Puerto Rican Army leader Terry Funk. Funk won by knockout. The event also featured the tournament final for the newly created Independent Heavyweight Championship between Masato Tanaka and W*ING Kanemura. Kanemura defeated Tanaka to become the first Independent Heavyweight Champion.
Background
At 7th Anniversary Show, Puerto Rican Army members Mr. Pogo and Terry Funk defeated Hayabusa and Masato Tanaka in a one million yen no rope explosive barbed wire time bomb land mine double hell death match to win FMW's one million yens. After the event, Pogo and Tanaka participated in a tournament for the new FMW Independent Heavyweight Championship, in which Tanaka defeated Pogo in the quarter-final on May 27, 1996. After the match, Puerto Rican Army's manager Víctor Quiñones slapped Pogo on the loss and Pogo took it as an insult and grabbed Quiñones and then The Headhunters laid out Pogo. As a result, Pogo turned face and joined the FMW team to feud with the Puerto Rican Army, leading to a match against Terry Funk at Summer Spectacular.
Hayabusa was embarrassed for letting down FMW at 7th Anniversary Show and went into hiding. On June 28, the FMW team of Koji Nakagawa, Masato Tanaka and Tetsuhiro Kuroda defeated Super Leather and The Headhunters to win the FMW World Street Fight 6-Man Tag Team Championship. After the match, Nakagawa spotted Hayabusa backstage watching the match and attacked them for leaving FMW in war against the Puerto Rican Army, until Tanaka and Kuroda held them back. The infuriated Nakagawa challenged Hayabusa to a match at Hayabusa's in-ring return at Summer Spectacular, which Hayabusa accepted.
A new FMW Brass Knuckles Heavyweight Championship belt had been planned for Atsushi Onita to defend against Hayabusa in their retirement match at the 6th Anniversary Show in 1995 but the title belt was unavailable at the time and was finally shipped to the company in 1996 and the championship belt was used as a new world heavyweight championship, the FMW Independent Heavyweight Championship. A tournament was announced for the title with Hido, Hisakatsu Oya, Horace Boulder, Koji Nakagawa, Masato Tanaka, Mr. Pogo, Super Leather and W*ING Kanemura named as participants for the eight-man tournament and the final was set to take place at Summer Spectacular. Tanaka and Kanemura advanced to the final of the tournament.
Taka Michinoku defeated Koji Nakagawa to win the FMW Independent World Junior Heavyweight Championship at 7th Anniversary Show. On June 24, Michinoku made their first title defense against Hayato Nanjyo, where they retained the title. After the match, Michinoku offered Nanjyo, a handshake but they refused to shake it and began feuding with Michinoku. On July 21, the team of Tetsuhiro Kuroda, Hayato Nanjyo and Koji Nakagawa defeated Taka Michinoku, Ricky Fuji and Toryu when Nanjyo mocked Michinoku by using Michinoku's Michinoku Driver II on Toryu for the win and then challenged Michinoku to a hair vs. hair match for the title at Summer Spectacular, which Michinoku accepted.
At 7th Anniversary Show, Megumi Kudo defeated Combat Toyoda in a no ropes exploding barbed wire double hell deathmatch to win the FMW Independent and WWA World Women's Championship in Toyoda's retirement match. Toyoda held their retirement ceremony on June 28 and all the female wrestlers of FMW paid their homage to them Later in the show, Shark Tsuchiya, Miwa Sato and Crusher Maedomari defeated Kudo, Kaori Nakayama and Aki Kambayashi and Kudo began their next feud with the Mad Dog Military, leading to Kudo defending their title against Mad Dog Military at Summer Spectacular.
Event
Preliminary matches
Makuro Okamuto defeated Hideo Makimura in the opening match of the show by making them submit to a single legged Boston crab.
Kaori Nakayama took on Miwa Sato in a match, which began with both women pulling each other's hair. Near the end of the match, Sato attempted to perform a backdrop suplex on Nakayama but Nakayama countered it into a pinfall attempt and then performed a Moonsault to win the match.
Next was an eleven-man royal rumble match. Ricky Fuji and Hideki Hosaka were the first two participants. After the rest of the wrestlers got eliminated, Hido, The Gladiator and Tetsuhiro Kuroda were the final three participants remaining in the ring. Kuroda dropkicked Gladiator, allowing Hido to eliminate them over the top rope with a lariat. Hido and Kuroda battled each other and brought chairs into the ring. Hido delivered a Piledriver to Kuroda and followed it with a Moonsault to win the match.
Taka Michinoku defended the FMW Independent World Junior Heavyweight Championship against Hayato Nanjyo in a hair vs. hair match. Near the end of the match, both men blocked each other's attempts at the Michinoku Driver II and collapsed down on the mat. Michinoku quickly gained breath and performed a missile dropkick and followed it with a Michinoku Driver II to retain the title. After the match, Nanjyo handed Michinoku scissor to cut their hair to respect the pre-match stipulation and Michinoku showed respect by cutting just a bit of hair.
Megumi Kudo defended the FMW Independent and WWA World Women's Championship against Mad Dog Military (Shark Tsuchiya, Bad Nurse Nakamura and Crusher Maedomari) in a handicap match. Mad Dog Military overpowered Kudo during the earlier part of the match. At one moment, Tsuchiya accidentally hit Nakamura with a barbed wire baseball bat intended for Kudo. As the match reached its climax, Tsuchiya handed a bat to Nakamura to hit Kudo with it but Nakamura turned on Tsuchiya by hitting them with the bat instead and Kudo grabbed Nakamura and delivered a Kudo Driver and a Thunder Fire Powerbomb to retain the title. After the match, Tsuchiya blew a fireball on Kudo.
Hayabusa took on Koji Nakagawa in their in-ring return after recovering from their injury. Hayabusa executed their Firebird Splash and Falcon Arrow on Nakagawa but Nakagawa managed to survive in the match until Hayabusa performed a face kick which knocked both men down. The referee began to count and Hayabusa got up while Nakagawa failed to answer the referee's ten count and Hayabusa was awarded the win via knockout.
Masato Tanaka and W*ING Kanemura competed in the finals of a tournament for the new FMW Independent Heavyweight Championship. Near the end of the match, Kanemura performed a low blow on Tanaka and ran off the ropes to receive a Rolling Elbow from Tanaka. Kanemura slowed down Tanaka with a lariat and then performed a Thunder Fire Powerbomb to get a near-fall. They attempted it again but Tanaka countered by backdropping them to the mat. Tanaka attempted another Rolling Elbow but Kanemura countered with two German suplexes. Tanaka made a comeback by hitting Kanemura with a Rolling Elbow and got a near-fall and then attempted the move again but Kanemura countered it with their own Rolling Elbow and Tanaka kicked out of the pinfall attempt. Kanemura weakened down Tanaka with two diving leg drops and then performed a Thunder Fire Powerbomb to win the title.
Main event match
Mr. Pogo took on Terry Funk in a no ropes exploding barbed wire glass crush spider net double hell deathmatch. Both men traded momentum until Víctor Quiñones set a chair on fire and tossed it into the ring and Funk hit Pogo repeatedly with the flaming chair and then blew fire at him, causing Pogo to fall into the spider net, which exploded. Pogo became unconscious and Funk blew a fireball to knock them out for the win.
Reception
Stuart of Puroresu Central gave negative reviews to the event, considering it to be "one of the worst FMW major shows" between 1994 and 1998. They praised the Independent Heavyweight Championship match, the Independent World Junior Heavyweight Championship match and the main event match, with "The show was boring though, because some of the early matches were really dull and just plain bad." According to him, the Tanaka/Kanemura encounter "was a great match of a style that has become more common in FMW as the years have gone by, relying less on garbage props and more on natural ability, blending the two nicely."
Aftermath
Mr. Pogo suffered a severe injury that almost ended their career at Summer Spectacular. They continued to feud with Puerto Rican Army, which would become the Funk Masters of Wrestling. Lethal Weapon disbanded on September 15 when Hisakatsu Oya, Horace Boulder and The Gladiator turned on Ricky Fuji and joined Funk Masters of Wrestling. Pogo announced that they would retire at Year End Spectacular. Pogo begged their rival Atsushi Onita to come out of retirement and team with them in their retirement match, with Onita initially declining the offer and then joining Pogo in the war against Funk Masters of Wrestling. At Year End Spectacular, Onita made their in-ring return in Pogo's retirement match with Masato Tanaka and Tetsuhiro Kuroda against the Funk Masters of Wrestling team of Terry Funk, Hisakatsu Oya and The Headhunters, which Onita's team won.
Hayabusa and Koji Nakagawa's match was considered to be a disappointment and the two agreed to have a rematch on August 23, which Nakagawa won and then both men joined forces on the FMW team and put away their differences. Hayabusa regained FMW's yens from the Puerto Rican Army, which they had lost at the 7th Anniversary Show as the FMW team of Hayabusa, Koji Nakagawa, Masato Tanaka and Tetsuhiro Kuroda defeated the Puerto Rican Army team of Hisakatsu Oya, Super Leather and The Headhunters in a two million yen on a pole match on September 15. Hayabusa would begin a losing streak in singles matches, which would end with their win over The Great Sasuke at Year End Spectacular.
After retaining their title at Summer Spectacular, Megumi Kudo announced that they would retire from professional wrestling at 8th Anniversary Show. In their retirement match, Kudo defeated Shark Tsuchiya in the main event of the show, a no rope 200 volt double hell double barbed wire barricade double landmine crushed glass electrical barbed wire deathmatch.
Results
Tournament brackets
References
1996 in professional wrestling
1996
1996 in Japan
August 1996 events in Asia
Events in Tokyo
Professional wrestling in Tokyo
Ras-related protein Rab-15 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the RAB15 gene.
References
Further reading
The Iron Heart is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by Denison Clift and starring Madlaine Traverse, George A. McDaniel, and Edwin B. Tilton.
Plot
As described in a film magazine, John Regan's (Tilton) daughter Esther (Traverse) assumes management of the Regan Steel Mills upon their father's death. The Associated Trust endeavors to gain control of the mills, but meets with rebuff at the hands of Esther. Darwin McAllister (McDaniel), employed by the Trust to get Esther to sell out, finds themselves in love with them and resigns from the Associated.  They are employed by Miss Regan and thus arouses the jealousy of Dan Cullen (Deeley), a dishonest employee of the Regan plant. Dan attempts to block the shipment of a consignment of steel, but Darwin and a group of loyal employees rout the Trust's hired bullies and get the shipment through.
Cast
Madlaine Traverse as Esther Regan
George A. McDaniel as Darwin McAllister
Edwin B. Tilton as John Regan
Melbourne MacDowell as Cyrus K. Moulton
Ben Deeley as Dan Cullen
References
Bibliography
Solomon, Aubrey. The Fox Film Corporation, 1915-1935. A History and Filmography. McFarland & Co, 2011.
External links
1920 films
Films directed by Denison Clift
American silent feature films
1920s English-language films
Fox Film films
American black-and-white films
1920 drama films
Silent American drama films
1920s American films
This is a list of Saints, Blesseds, Venerables, and Servants of God who were born in, lived in, died in, or visited Europe.
Lists of saints by country or region
List of Breton saints
List of Catalonian saints
List of Cornish saints
List of Hungarian saints
List of saints of Iceland
List of saints of Ireland
List of Northumbrian saints
List of saints of Poland
List of Russian saints
List of Scandinavian saints
List of Serbian saints
List of Swedish saints
List of Welsh saints
Saints
St. Alphonsus Ligouri, Italian priest
St. Barbara (Yakovleva), Russian nun
St. Benedict Joseph Labre, French mendicant
St. Benedict Menni, French father
St. Bernard Due Van Vo, Vietnamese martyr
St. Bernadette Soubirous, French nun
St. Bidzina Cholokashvili, Georgian Christian martyr
St. Bonifacia Rodríguez y Castro, Spanish nun
St. Callistus Caravario, Italian martyr
St. Clement Mary Hofbauer, Moravian hermit
St. Cuthbert Mayne, British martyr
St. Didace Pelletier (fr), French Canadian father
St. Dietrich Bonhoeffer, German theologian
St. Domenico Savio, Child of God
St. Edith Stein, Polish
St. Ekvtime Takaishvili, Georgian historian
St. Euphrosinia Kolyupanovskaya, Russian nun
St. Ezechiele Ramin, Italian father
St. Gabriel Urgebadze, Georgian Orthodox monk
St. Gemma Galgani, saint
St. Gerard Majella, Italian priest
St. Grigol Peradze, Ukrainian artist and priest
St. Hyacintha Mariscotti, nun
St. Ignatius Bryanchaninov, Russian archbishop
St. Ilia Chavchavadze, Georgian writer
St. Ivone Faustino Guirengane, Mozambican martyr
St. Jacinto Yaguachi, Polish/Italian priest
St. Jadwiga of Poland, princess
St. Jan Sarkander, Czech-Polish Roman Catholic priest
St. Joan of Arc, Saint
St. John Paul II, Pope
St. John Baptist Yi, Korean Christian martyr
St. John Vianney, French priest
St. Josaphat Kuntsevych, Polish/Lithuanian Monk
St. Joseph Freinademetz, Austrian Roman Catholic priest
St. Julie Billart, French religious leader
St. Kakutsa Cholokashvili, soldier
St. Katarzyna Ostrogska, Russian princess
St. Laurent Imbert, Korean martyr
St. Magdalena of Canossa, Spanish figure
St. Malgorzata Wiewiorra, Polish martyr
St. Marcellin Champagnat, French teacher
St. Margaret Mary Alacoque, French nun
St. Maria Goretti, Italian martyr
St. Marko Krizin, Croatian Roman Catholic priest
St. Mary Euphrasia Pelletier, French nun
St. Maximilian Kolbe, Polish priest
St. Metrophanes, Chi Sung, Chinese Eastern Orthodox monk
St. Mother Teresa, Roman Catholic nun
St. Mutien-Marie Wiaux, French priest
St. Orest Kiprensky, Russian bishop
St. Padre Pio, Italian father
St. Paisius Velichkovsky, Ukrainian saint
St. Palackal Thoma, Indian/Italian priest
St. Paschal Baylon, Saint
St. Pauline of the Agonizing Heart of Jesus, Austrian nun
St. Peregrine Laziosi, Italian saint
St. Philippus Zheng Zhihe, martyr
St. Philaret Drozdov, Russian archbishop
St. Princess Olga Paley, Princess
St. Salomone Leclercq, French priest
St. Solomonia Saburova, wife of Prince Vasili III
St. Sophia Olelkovich Radziwill, Lithuanian Orthodox saint
St. Stephen Hungarian Catholic Saint
St. Tekle Haymanot, Greek priest
St. Theophylactos Papathanasopoulos, Greek bishop
St. Théophane Vénard, Vietnamese martyr
St. Titus Brandsma, Dutch friar
St. Vicenta María López i Vicuña, Spanish martyr
St. Xenia of Saint Petersburg, Patron saint
St. Yegor Chekryakovsky, Russian priest
St. Zygmunt Gorazdowski, Polish Roman Catholic priest
Blesseds
Bl. Absalom Jones, priest
Bl. Adrienne von Speyr, theologian
Bl. Aldo Blundo, Child of God
Bl. Aldo Marcozzi, Child of God
Bl. Alexei Nikolaevich Romanov, Child of God
Bl. Alix Le Clerc, nun
Bl. Anastasia Yi Bong-Geum, Korean martyr
Bl. Anna Kolesárová, Child of God
Bl. Antoine Chevrier, French missionary
Bl. Nikolaevna Romanova, teenager of God
Bl. Anastazy Jakub Pankiewicz, Polish priest
Bl. Anatalie Mukashema, martyr
Bl. Annunciata Astoria Cocchetti, Italian nun
Bl. Arcangela Filippelli, Child of God
Bl. Archduchess Adelheid of Austria, archduchess
Bl. Artémides Zatti, Italian priest
Bl. Ascension Sanchez Sanchez, Child of God
Bl. Ascensión Nicol y Goñi, Spanish nun
Bl. Assunta Marchetti, laywoman
Bl. August Czartoryski, priest
Bl. Ayman Louka Zakairia, martyr
Bl. Augustin-Etienne Bourry, martyr
Bl. B. Prabhudass, young bishop
Bl. Baldji Oghlou Ohannes, martyr
Bl. Balthazar Kagayama Hanzaemon, martyr
Bl. Benedictus Kim Ch'i Ho, martyr
Bl. Baptista Varani, Italian nun
Bl. Basil Moreau, French bishop
Bl. Bernardyna Maria Jabłońska, nun
Bl. Bernhard Lehner, martyr
Bl. Bolesława Lament, Polish nun
Bl. Boniface Zukowski, young Polish martyr
Bl. Bonaventura Gran, priest
Bl. Bonaventura Tornielli, Italian
Bl. Bronisław Kostkowski, young deacon
Bl. Bronisław Markiewicz, Polish priest
Bl. Brusznyai Árpád, Hungarian martyr
Bl. Buenaventura Gabika Etxebarria-Gerrikabeitia, young priest
Bl. Carlo Acutis, Child of God
Bl. Cecilia Eusepi, teenager of God
Bl. Cecília Schelingová, Slovak nun
Bl. Ceferino Giménez Malla, Spanish priest
Bl. Ceferino Namuncurá, teenager of God
Bl. Celeste Morilleau, martyr
Bl. Celeste-Victoire Boisseleau, child
Bl. Celine Borzecka, Russian nun
Bl. Chiara Badano, Italian teenager of God
Bl. Ciriaco María Sancha y Hervás, Spanish priest
Bl. Costanza Starace, Italian nun
Bl. Coleta Meléndez Torres, teenager of God
Bl. Colomba Gabriel, Ukrainian nun
Bl. Columba Marmion, Irish
Bl. Concepcion Rodriguez Fernandez, martyr
Bl. Cescencia Anazawa, martyr
Bl. Đinh Xuân Quảng, politician
Bl. Dionysius Fugixima], martyr
Bl. Dmitry Ivanovich, martyr
Bl. Domingo Iturrate Zubero, Spanish priest
Bl. Edmund Bojanowski, Polish priest
Bl. Edmund Ignatius Rice, Irish priest
Bl. Edward Poppe, Belgian priest
Bl. Elena Spirgevičiūte, martyr
Bl. Ellen Organ, Child of God
Bl. Elizabeth Chong-Chong Hye, martyr
Bl. Elyas Yunes, martyr
Bl. Engelmar Unzeitig, German priest
Bl. Etienne Beriau, child
Bl. Eulalia M'a' Gabriel Mokhosi
Bl. Eusebia Palomino Yenes, Spanish religious figure
Bl. Ezekiel Katzenellenbogen, martyr
Bl. Faustino Perez-Manglano, Servant of God
Bl. Fidelis Chojnacki, martyr
Bl. Flavianus Michael Malke, Turkish priest
Bl. Florentine and Barnabe Castillejos], twin martyrs
Bl. Frédéric Janssoone, French priest
Bl. Geuregh Ohannes Zehrobian, martyr
Bl. Gaetana Nastasi, Child of God
Bl. Giacinto Longhin, Bishop of Trevino
Bl. Giulia Crostarosa, Italian nun
Bl. Grzegorz Bolesław Frąckowiak, Polish priest
Bl. Guy Pierre de Fontgalland, Child of God
Bl. Hanna Helena Chrzanowska, Polish nurse
Bl. Havryil Blazhovskyi, priest
Bl. Hendrina Stenmanns, German nun
Bl. Hiacynta Lula, martyr
Bl. Hieronymus von Colloredo, bishop
Bl. Hildegard Burjan, German mother
Bl. Hieronymus Kim Yi-Sik, martyr
Bl. Honorat da Biała, Polish priest
Bl. Hryhoriy Khomyshyn, Ukrainian Roman Catholic bishop
Bl. Hryhoriy Lakota, Ukrainian auxiliary bishop
Bl. Hyacinthe-Marie Cormier, French priest
Bl. Ignacy Kłopotowski, Polish priest
Bl. Ignacego Odriozola Zabalia, martyr
Bl. Ignatius Maloyan, Turkish priest
Bl. Ikuta Chōkō, young soldier
Bl. Innocenzo da Berzo, friar
Bl. Inácio de Azevedo, Portuguese sailor
Bl. Ioane Zedazneli, martyr
Bl. Ioannes Baptista Wu Mantang, martyr
Bl. Ion Costist, Roman Catholic
Bl. Iosephus Gang Man-Su, martyr
Bl. Ioannes Mukuno Chozaburo, teenager
Bl. Ippolito Galantini, Italian teacher
Bl. Isabella Chimienti, nun
Bl. Ise Tsillkneli, young martyr
Bl. Istvan Kaszap, Child of God
Bl. Itala Mela, Italian Roman Catholic
Bl. Jadwiga Dzido, Holocaust survivor
Bl. Jacques-Désiré Laval, French priest
Bl. Janina Szymkowiak, Polish nun
Bl. Januarius Maria Sarnelli, Italian priest
Bl. Jarena Lee, nun
Bl. Jarogniew Wojciechowski, Polish martyr
Bl. Jeanne-Germaine Castang, Child of God
Bl. Jeanne-Marie Kegelin, martyr
Bl. Jerzy Popiełuszko, Polish priest
Bl. Jerzy Powiertowski, martyr
Bl. Johane Maranke, Catholic
Bl. Johann Nepomuk von Tschiderer zu Gleifheim, Bishop of Trent
Bl. Johannes Ludovicus Paquay, Belgian priest
Bl. John-Baptiste Nguyễn Bửu Đồng, young priest
Bl. Josaphata Hordashevska, Roman Catholic sister
Bl. Joseph-Outhay Phongphumi, child
Bl. Josefina Vilaseca, Spanish Child of God
Bl. Juan Nepomuceno Zegrí Moreno, Spanish priest
Bl. Jury Kashyra, Belarusian priest
Bl. János Brenner, Hungarian priest
Bl. Jurgis Matulaitis-Matulevičius, Lithuanian priest
Bl. Juana María Condesa Lluch, Spanish nun
Bl. Kanoko Okamoto, Japanese buddhist
Bl. Karolina Kózka, Child of God
Bl. Ladislao Luis, teenager
Bl. Laurentius Bai Xiaoman, martyr
Bl. Leonella Sgorbati, Italian nun
Bl. Leokadia Matuszewska, young nun
Bl. Lettehauriat Ghebregziabiher, Turkish nun
Bl. Libânia do Carmo Galvão Mexia de Moura Telles de Albuquerque, nun
Bl. László Batthyány-Strattmann, Hungarian aristocrat
Bl. Lojze Grozde, German martyr
Bl. Louis-Zéphirin Moreau, French priest
Bl. Lucrezia Elena Cevoli, Professed religious
Bl. Ludovica Albertoni, Italian nun
Bl. Ludovicus Sasada, Italian martyr
Bl. Magdalena Hayashida, martyr
Bl. Maisam Pho Inpeng, martyr
Bl. Franciszka Siedliska, Polish laywoman
Bl. Magdalena Kade, Czech nun
Bl. Maria Orsola Bussone, Child of God
Bl. Maria Gabriella Sagheddu
Bl. Manuela de Jesús Arias Espinosa, Mexican nun
Bl. Margit Bogner, nun
Bl. Maria Lichtenegger, nun
Bl. Mateo Correa Magallanes, Spanish martyr
Bl. Maddalena Caterina Morano, Spanish nun
Bl. Marcel Callo, French Roman Catholic
Bl. Marcelline Jayakody, father
Bl. Margaretha Flesch, German nun
Bl. Marija Petković, Croatian nun
Bl. Marianna Biernacka, Polish martyr
Bl. Małgorzata Szewczyk, Polish nun
Bl. Mary of the Divine Heart, German nun
Bl. Mary of the Passion, French nun
Bl. Marytė Melnikaitė, martyr
Bl. Maysoon Ghatas Fahmy, Child martyr
Bl. Mercè Prat i Prat, Spanish nun
Bl. Mieczyslawa Kowalska, young nun
Bl. Mikael Ulumboeli, young martyr
Bl. Miroslav Bulešić, Croatian priest
Bl. Muktabai Dixit, writer
Bl. Mutatesia Leonelli, writer
Bl. Giulia Valle, nun
Bl. Natalia Tułasiewicz, Polish teacher and martyr of World War II
Bl. Nazju Falzon, Maltese cleric
Bl. Nunzio Sulprizio, priest
Bl. Nykyta Budka, Ukrainian clergyman
Bl. Odoardo Focherini, Italian priest
Bl. Ogasawara Gonnosuke, martyr
Bl. Olena Hlibovyts'ka, nun
Bl. Omgba Bissogo, soldier
Bl. Otto Neururer, Austrian priest
Bl. Panacea De' Muzzi, martyr
Bl. Paola Renata Carboni, teenager
Bl. Patricius Dong, martyr
Bl. Pavel Djidjov, theologian
Bl. Pavel Peter Gojdič, Slovak priest
Bl. Peregrina Mogas Fontcuberta, Spanish nun
Bl. Petar Barbarić, martyr
Bl. Pétrus Ky, young soldier
Bl. Pierina Morosini, Italian teenager of God
Bl. Placid Olofsson, Hungarian priest
Bl. Placide Viel, French nun
Bl. Práxedes Mateo Sagasta, Spanish bishop
Bl. Princess Vera Constantinovna of Russia, princess
Bl. Prokopios Lazaridis, Turkish archbishop
Bl. Purificacion Ximenez y Ximenez, young nun
Bl. Rachelina Ambrosini, Child of God
Bl. Regina Protmann, Polish nurse
Bl. Rhoel Gallardo, priest
Bl. Robert Naoussi, martyr
Bl. Roman Lysko, Ukrainian priest
Bl. Romanua Anazawa Matsujiro, young person
Bl. Roza Robota, martyr
Bl. Ryūnosuke Akutagawa, writer
Bl. Samia Abdel-Messhis Mahrous, teenager
Bl. Saozinha de Alenquer, young nun
Bl. Sára Salkaházi, Hungarian teacher
Bl. Santos Franco Sánchez, martyr
Bl. Savina Petrilli, Italian nun
Bl. Seraphina Sforza, Italian nun
Bl. Shimun XVI Yohannan, martyr
Bl. Sibell Lygon, Sister of Mary Lagon
Bl. Silvio Dissegna, martyr
Bl. Szilárd Bogdánffy, Hungarian auxiliary priest
Bl. Stanislaus Kostka, Child of God
Bl. Tarsykiya Matskiv, Ukrainian nun
Bl. Terezija Banja, Polish nun
Bl. Theodore Romzha, Ukrainian priest
Bl. Thoj Xyooj Paj Lug, martyr
Bl. Thomas Khamphuene Inthirath, martyr
Bl. Thurston Hunt, British martyr
Bl. Titus Zeman, Slovak priest
Bl. Trần Phú, politician and religious
Bl. Ulrico Sarti, martyr
Bl. Ulrika, Ukrainian nun
Bl. Ursula Yamamoto, child
Bl. Valentine Uwingabire, martyr
Bl. Victoire Brielle, laywoman
Bl. Victoria Díez Bustos de Molina, friar
Bl. Vasyl Velychkovsky, Ukrainian priest
Bl. Ventura Martin Tejerizo], Spanish martyr
Bl. Veronique Minaud, martyr
Bl. Vsevolod Ivanovich, prince
Bl. Walter Elias Chango Rondeau, martyr
Bl. Wenceslau Claris Vilaregut, martyr
Bl. Weronika Narmontowicz, nun
Bl. Wojiech Piwowarczyk, priest
Bl. Yakym Senkivskyi, Ukrainian blessed
Bl. Yekaterina Gagarina, countess
Bl. Yekuno Amlak, young emperor
Bl. Zbigniew Stralkowski, martyr
Bl. Zdenka Cecília Schelingová, nun
Bl. Zefirino Agostini, Italian priest
Bl. Zeinab Alif, nun
Bl. Zofia Czeska, Polish religious figure
Bl. Zoltán Meszlényi, Hungarian priest
Bl. Zenon Iqaltoeli, Young martyr
Venerables
Ven. Alexandre Toé, French/African priest
Ven. Alcide de Gasperi, Hungarian priest
Ven. Andrey Sheptytsky, Metropolitan archbishop
Ven. Annalena Tonelli, religious spokesperson
Ven. Anne de Guigné, Child of God
Ven. Anne de Xainctonge, French venerable
Ven. Antonietta Meo, young Child of God
Ven. Antonio Augusto Intreccialagli, archbishop
Ven. Beda Chang, Chinese/European father
Ven. Bodi Maria Magdolna, Child of God
Ven. Benoîte Rencurel, French nun
Ven. Bonaventura Duda, Croatian priest
Ven. Celestina Bottego, Italian venerable
Ven. Concepción Cabrera de Armida, Italian/Mexican writer
Ven. Consuelo Ultrilla Lozano, nun
Ven. Delia Tetreault, French nun
Ven. Edvige Carboni, Italian Catholic
Ven. Elena of Montenegro, princess
Ven. Endre Bajcsy-Zsilinszky, priest
Ven. Exupérien Mas, French teacher
Ven. Feliksa Kozłowska, Matezcka
Ven. Felix Mary Ghebreamlak, Italian/Eritrean priest
Ven. Filomena Ferrer Galceran, martyr
Ven. Francesc Xavier Butinyà i Hospital, Spanish teacher
Ven. Guadalupe Ortiz de Landázuri Fernández de Heredia, Spanish doctor
Ven. Hedwig Borzecka, Polish mother
Ven. Ida Mari, Italian writer
Ven. Ignazia Verzeri, Benedictine nun
Ven. Ignatius Mrak, Slovenian priest
Ven. Innocenzo Leonelli, soldier, hermit
Ven. Isidoro Zorzano Ledesma, Spanish Opus Dei member
Ven. Jan Bula, Czech priest
Ven. Janez Frančišek Gnidovec, Slovenian bishop
Ven. Joaquina Maria Mercedes Barcelo Pages, Spanish nun
Ven. Klymentiy Sheptytsky, Bishop
Ven. Kuys Varvara, religious figure
Ven. Margherita Occhiena, mother of John Bosco
Ven. Mkhitar Sebastatsi, Armenian monk
Ven. Montserrat Grases, Spanish Member of Opus Dei
Ven. Nano Nagle, Irish venerable
Ven. Pelágio Sauter, German priest
Ven. Queen Emma of Hawaii, European/Hawaiian queen
Ven. Romuald Jałbrzykowski, Polish priest
Ven. Sante Spessotto, Mexican/Italian priest
Ven. Théodelinde Bourcin-Dubouché, French nun
Ven. Vital-Justin Grandin, French reverend
Ven. Zygmunt Łoziński, Belarusian bishop
References
Europe
Radical 43 or radical lame () meaning "lame" is one of the 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 66 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 34th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China. and are the two associated indexing components affiliated to the principal indexing component .
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+5C22
043
034
The 1998 CAA men's basketball tournament was held February 26 to March 1, 1998, at the Richmond Coliseum in Richmond, Virginia. The winner of the tournament was Richmond, who received an automatic bid to the 1998 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
Bracket
Honors
References
Tournament
Colonial Athletic Association men's basketball tournament
CAA men's basketball tournament
CAA men's basketball tournament
CAA men's basketball tournament
Sports competitions in Virginia
Basketball in Virginia
A lunar node is either of the two orbital nodes of the Moon, that is, the two points at which the orbit of the Moon intersects the ecliptic. The ascending (or north) node is where the Moon moves into the northern ecliptic hemisphere, while the descending (or south) node is where the Moon enters the southern ecliptic hemisphere.
A lunar eclipse can occur only when the full Moon is near either lunar node (within 11° 38' ecliptic longitude), while a solar eclipse can occur only when the new Moon is near either lunar node (within 17° 25').
Because the orbital plane of the Moon precesses in space, the lunar nodes also precess around the ecliptic, completing one revolution (called a draconic or nodal period) in . (This is not the same length as a saros.) The same cycle measured against an inertial frame of reference, such as International Celestial Reference System (ICRS), a coordinate system relative to the fixed stars, is 18.599525 years.
Both solar eclipses of July 2000 (on the 1st and 31st days) occurred around the time when the Moon was at its ascending node. Ascending-node eclipses recur after one draconic year on average, which is about 0.94901 Gregorian year, as do descending-node eclipses.
Names and symbols
The nodes are called by different names in different cultures of the world.
In medieval texts, the nodes are referred to as ras wa dhanav al-tinnîn in Arabic. rosh ha-teli u-zenavo (ראש התלי וזנבו) in Hebrew, and caput draconis (head of the dragon) or cauda draconis (tail of the dragon) in Latin. The ascending node is referred to as the dragon's head with the astronomical or astrological symbol of ☊ and the descending node is known as the dragon's tail with the symbol ☋.
In Hindu astronomy, the nodes are considered with the seven planets among the nine Navagrahas; the ascending node ☊ is called Rahu and the descending node ☋ is called Ketu. In Tibetan astrology (partially based on the Kalachakra Tantra) these nodes are respectively named Rahu and Kalagni.
Declination extremes
The Moon's orbit is inclined about 5.14° to the ecliptic; hence, the Moon can be up to about 5° north or south of the ecliptic. The ecliptic is inclined about 23.44° to the celestial equator, whose plane is perpendicular to the rotational axis of Earth. As a result, once during the 18.6-year nodal period (when the ascending node of the Moon's orbit coincides with the vernal equinox), the Moon's declination reaches a maximum and minimum (northern and southern extremes): about 28.6° from the celestial equator. Therefore, the moonrise or moonset azimuth has its northern- and southernmost points on the horizon; the Moon at culmination has its lowest and highest altitude (when the body transits the meridian); and first sightings of the new moon potentially have their latest times. Furthermore, occultations by the Moon of the Pleiades star cluster, which is over 4° north of the ecliptic, occur during a comparatively brief period once every nodal period.
Effect on tides
The precession of the lunar nodes has a small effect on Earth's tides – atmospheric, oceanic, or crustal.
The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) determines mean lower low water (MLLW) at a location by averaging the height of the lowest tide recorded at that location each day during a 19-year recording period, known as the National Tidal Datum Epoch. The 19-year recording period is the nearest full-year count to the 18.6-year cycle of the lunar nodes.
In conjunction with sea level rise caused by global warming, lunar nodal precession is predicted to contribute to a rapid rise in the frequency of coastal flooding throughout the 2030s.
See also
Eclipse
Lunar standstill
Orbit of the Moon
References
External links
Sun and Moon Polar Applet, showing moonrise/moonset azimuths
Astronomy Answers: What are the standstills of the Moon? Retrieved 2016-08-26.
Eclipses, Cosmic Clockwork of the Ancients
Lunar and solar periods, about inertial frame of reference for measuring movements of celestial bodies.
Mean lunar and solar periods
Orbit of the Moon
Technical factors of Western astrology
Technical factors of Hindu astrology
Lydia L. Jennings is a Native American soil microbiologist and environmental scientist. Them research interests are soil health, environmental remediation, indigenous science, mining policy, and environmental data ownership by tribal nations. They work with organizations initiatives that support Indigenous geoscientists and the integration of geoscience with Indigenous knowledge. Them work is featured in the 2020 documentary Run to Be Visible, produced by Patagonia.
Early life and education
Jennings grew up in Santa Fe, New Mexico and is a member of two indigenous tribes - the Huichol (Wixáritari) and Pascua Yaqui (Yoeme). Jennings received an associate of science in biology from Cabrillo College, and a bachelors of science in environmental science, technology and policy, with a minor in chemistry, from California State University, Monterey Bay. Jennings completed their Ph.D. from the University of Arizona in 2020, focusing on the identification and characterization of microbial indicators as tools to evaluate mine waste reclamation, with their minor research in American Indian Policy focusing on the laws around mining on federal lands to which tribes have ancestral claims.
Research career
Jennings main areas of research focus on fate, transport, and biogeochemistry of environmental pollutants, bioremediation, and environmental justice for underrepresented groups.
After completion of their undergraduate degree and before attending graduate school, Jennings worked for a couple of years studying water pollution at a field station in Big Sur in California. It was at this time Jennings began thinking about using their science skills to serve the places they were from, especially for topics such as environmental issues caused by mining. Them current work focuses on identifying soil health biogeochemical indicators of soil reclamation, in order to make modern mining reclamation more effective and cost efficient, while also tracking how policy has placed many mines on/or bordering tribal nations and extraction on public lands.
Jennings has been part of the Indigenous Food Knowledges Network (IFKN) and in June 2019 went to Alaska to visit the Chickaloon Village to learn about food and land systems. Jennings credits their involvement with the American Indian Science and Engineering Society (AISES) in graduate school for helping develop their research skills and to envision ways to honor Indigenous data sources and contributions, connecting the geosciences with cultural identity.
In addition to their international conference presentations on topics such as Biogeophysical Soil Constituents Associated with Revegetation Success of Reclaimed Mine Tailings in Southern Arizona, Jennings has presented on Indigenous data governance and Indigenou-led collaborations across biomes. Jennings utilized their time as an American Geophysical Union Voices of Science advocate "to increase visibility of Indigenous scientists, and how we are not just the “subject” of scientific inquiry, but rather, are continuing our traditions of scientific practices held within cultural and environmental knowledge."
When their May 2020 graduate education was canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Jennings decided to run 50 miles in honor of the Indigenous scientists and knowledge keepers who came before them Them run was recorded and produced as a 19-minute documentary titled Run to Be Visible and released on Patagonia's YouTube channel as part of their "Run to" series.
Awards and honors
Jennings is the recipient of multiple institutional and national honors, including:
2015 - National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellow
2018 - American Indian Science & Engineering Society's Rising Leader Award
2019 - American Geophysical Union Voices for Science Fellow
2019 - Native Nations Institute Indigenous Data Sovereignty Fellow
2019 - Southwest Climate Adaptation Natural Resources Workforce Fellow
References
External links
Lydia Jennings, PhD
Native American scientists
People from New Mexico
California State University, Monterey Bay alumni
Cabrillo College alumni
Living people
Soil scientists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Clare Hocking is a New Zealand occupational therapy academic.  They are currently a full professor at the Auckland University of Technology.
Academic career
After a 2004 PhD titled "The relationship between objects and identity in occupational therapy: a dynamic balance of rationalism and romanticism" from the Auckland University of Technology, they became full professor at Auckland University of Technology, the first professor of occupational therapy in New Zealand.
They also hold an honorary professorship from Plymouth University and have served multiple terms on the Occupational Therapy Board.
Selected works
Hocking, Clare. "Function or feelings: factors in abandonment of assistive devices." Technology and Disability 11, no. 1, 2 (1999): 3–11.
Baskett, Jonathan J., Joanna B. Broad, Gabrielle Reekie, Clare Hocking, and Geoff Green. "Shared responsibility for ongoing rehabilitation: a new approach to home-based therapy after stroke." Clinical Rehabilitation 13, no. 1_suppl (1999): 23–33.
Whiteford, Gail, Elizabeth Townsend, and Clare Hocking. "Reflections on a renaissance of occupation." Canadian Journal of Occupational Therapy 67, no. 1 (2000): 61–69.
Hocking, Clare. "The challenge of occupation: Describing the things people do." Journal of Occupational Science 16, no. 3 (2009): 140–150.
Hocking, Clare. "Occupational science: A stock take of accumulated insights." Journal of Occupational Science 7, no. 2 (2000): 58–67.
References
External links
Living people
New Zealand women academics
Auckland University of Technology alumni
Auckland University of Technology faculty
Occupational therapists
Year of birth missing (living people)
New Zealand women writers
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Kamizono was born in Kanagawa Prefecture on November 28, 1981. They joined J2 League club Mito HollyHock from Bellmare Hiratsuka youth team in 2000. They debuted in 2001 and became a regular player from summer 2001. However they could hardly play in the match in 2003 and retired end of 2003 season. In July 2004, they returned to as player at Japan Football League club ALO's Hokuriku (later Kataller Toyama). They became a regular player and played many matches for a long time. The club was promoted to J2 League. However their opportunity to play decreased from 2009 and they retired end of 2010 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Association football people from Kanagawa Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
Mito HollyHock players
Kataller Toyama players
Association football midfielders
Juventus Football Club is an Italian professional association football club based in Turin, Piedmont. The club was founded as Sport-Club Juventus in late 1897 by pupils from the Massimo d'Azeglio Lyceum school in Turin, among them the brothers Eugenio and Enrico Canfari, but were renamed as Foot-Ball Club Juventus two years later. The club joined the Italian Football Championship in 1900. In 1904, the business person Ajmone-Marsan revived the finances of the football club Juventus, making it also possible to transfer the training field from Piazza d'armi to the more appropriate Velodrome Umberto I. During this period, the team wore a pink and black kit. Juventus first won the league championship in 1905 while playing at their Velodrome Umberto I ground. By this time the club colours had changed to black and white stripes, inspired by English side Notts County.
Juventus is the most successful club in Italian football and one of the most awarded globally. Overall, Juventus has won 70 official titles on the national and international stage, more than any other Italian club: 36 official league titles, 14 Coppa Italia titles, nine Supercoppa Italiana titles, being the record holder in all these competitions; and, with 11 titles in confederation and inter-confederation competitions (two Intercontinental Cups, two European Champion Clubs' Cup/UEFA Champions Leagues, one European Cup Winners' Cup, three UEFA Cups, one UEFA Intertoto Cup and two UEFA Super Cups), the club ranks sixth in Europe and twelfth in the world with the most trophies won.
Under the first spell of headcoach Giovanni Trapattoni (1976–1986), the Torinese club won thirteen trophies in the ten years before 1986 (including six league titles, two national cup titles and five international titles) and became the first to win all three competitions organised by the UEFA: the European Champions' Cup, Cup Winners' Cup and UEFA Cup. With successive triumphs in the 1984 European Super Cup and 1985 Intercontinental Cup, the club became the first, and thus far, the first and only in association football history, to have won all possible confederation competitions, an achievement that it revalidated with the title won in the 1999 UEFA Intertoto Cup. This record has been valid until the conclusion of the first edition of the UEFA Europa Conference League in May 2022. Under the management of Marcello Lippi (1994–1999 and 2001–2004), the club had its second most successful cycle with five league titles and three international titles, along with a one Coppa Italia title, four Supercoppa Italiana titles and four further European finals, one UEFA Cup final and three Champions League finals (1996–97, 1997–98, 2002–03).
In May 2006, Juventus became one of the five clubs linked to a 2006 Italian football scandal, the result of which saw the club relegated to Serie B for the first time in its history, as well as being stripped of the two league titles won under Fabio Capello in 2005 and 2006. After returning to Serie A in the 2007–08 season, Juventus appointed Claudio Ranieri as manager and finished third and second in the following two years league. After two consecutive 7th-place finishes (its worst placement since 1954–57) and for the first time since the 1991–92 season, excluding the seasons 2006–07 and 2007–08 after the Calciopoli scandal, out of European competitions, newly Juventus chairpeople Andrea Agnelli appointed former player Antonio Conte as manager in 2011, the same year the club relocated to the new Juventus Stadium. Conte led Juventus to their first three league titles of the 2010s, including an unbeaten league title in 2012 and achieved a record 102 points and 33 wins in the 2013–14 season.
Following Conte's resignment, Massimiliano Allegri was appointed as manager and led Juventus to a national double in their first year. In the 2015–16 season, the club won their 5th straight title (and 32nd overall) since last winning five straight between 1930–31 and 1934–35, after climbing from 12th place and taking 73 points of a possible 75. The club also became the first team in Italy's history to complete Serie A and Coppa Italia doubles in back-to-back seasons. In the 2016–17 season, the club won their 12th Coppa Italia title, becoming the first team to win three consecutive championships. Juventus also secured their sixth consecutive league title, establishing an all-time record of successive triumphs in the competition. Juventus won their 13th Coppa Italia title, and fourth in a row, extending the all-time record of successive Coppa Italia titles. Four days later on 13 May, Juventus secured their seventh consecutive Serie A title, extending the all-time record of successive triumphs in the competition. On 20 April 2019, Juventus secured their eighth consecutive Serie A title, with Allegri departing Juventus at the end of the season. A year later, on 26 July 2020, the club secured a ninth consecutive title under new manager Maurizio Sarri, pushing their unprecedented record to new heights. On 2 May 2021, under new manager Andrea Pirlo, Juventus' run of nine consecutive titles was mathematically ended by Internazionale, who were confirmed as champions.
Key
CL = UEFA Champions League
EC = European Cup
EL = UEFA Europa League
UC = UEFA Cup
ICFC = Inter-Cities Fairs Cup
UIC = UEFA Intertoto Cup
CWC = European Cup Winners' Cup
ESC = European Super Cup
USC = UEFA Super Cup
IC = Intercontinental Cup
CDA = Cup of the Alps
AIC = Anglo-Italian Cup
MIT = Mitropa Cup
AMI = Coppa dell'Amicizia
LC = Latin Cup
CR = Copa Rio
TP = Memorial Armando Picchi
Pld = Matches played
W = Matches won
D = Matches drawn
L = Matches lost
GF = Goals for
GA = Goals against
Pts = Points
Pos = Final position
F = Final
SF = Semi-finals
QF = Quarter-finals
R16 = Round of 16
R32 = Round of 32
GS = Group stage
GS2 = Second group stage
N/A = Did not qualify
– = Tournament did not occur
QR1 = First qualifying round
QR2 = Second qualifying round
QR3 = Third qualifying round
QR4 = Fourth qualifying round
RInt = Intermediate round
R1 = Round 1
R2 = Round 2
R3 = Round 3
R4 = Round 4
R5 = Round 5
R6 = Round 6
Seasons
The first official national football tournament was organised in 1898 by the Italian Football Federation (Italian: Federazione Italiana del Football – FIF, before changing its name in Federazione Italiana Giuoco Calcio – FIGC by 1909).
In the following years, the tournament (called Prima Categoria) was structured into regional groups, with the winners of each group participating in a playoff with the eventual winners being declared champions. From 1921 to 1926, Prima Divisione was founded as the first level of the Italian Football Championship. Regarding the dispute between major clubs and FIGC, Divisione Nazionale was created in the following three years as the new national top league where Northern and Southern teams played in the same championship from 1926 to 1929. In 1929, Divisione Nazionale (two groups of 16 teams each) split into two championships: Divisione Nazionale Serie A (the new Top Division) and Divisione Nazionale Serie B (the new second level of Italian Football).
In the current format of Serie A, the Italian Football Championship was revised from having regional and interregional rounds to a single-tier league from the 1929–30 season onward.
1. For details of league structure, see Italian football league system.
2. The first edition was held in 1922, but the second champions were not crowned until 1936.
3. The first edition was held in 1988 (played in 1989).
4. Only league goals are counted. The Serie A Golden Boot known as capocannoniere (plural: capocannonieri) is the award given to the highest goalscorer in Serie A.
5. Juventus was the first team in association football history to adopt a star to their badge to represent their tenth league title in 1958. The star was later formally adopted as a symbol and increased for every ten titles. Juventus currently has three stars above their Scudetto badge since the 2015–16 season.
6. In 2014–15 season, Juventus won their tenth Coppa Italia title and adopted the Coppa Italia badge to the opposite side of the Scudetto badge the following season.
Doubles and Trebles
Doubles:
Serie A and Coppa Italia: 6
1959–60; 1994–95; 2014–15; 2015–16; 2016–17 and 2017–18 seasons
Serie A and UEFA Cup Winners' Cup: 1
1983–84 season
Serie A and UEFA Cup: 1
1976–77 season
Coppa Italia and UEFA Cup: 1
1989–90 season
Trebles:
European Treble (UEFA Cup, European Cup Winners' Cup, European Cup): 1
1976–77 UEFA Cup, 1983–84 European Cup Winners' Cup, 1984–85 European Cup
Italian Treble (Supercoppa Italiana, Serie A, Coppa Italia): 1
2015–16 season
See also
List of unbeaten football club seasons
Notes
References
Bibliography
Other publications
Seasons
Juventus
The Mechanicville Bridge (also known as the Hemstreet Park Bridge) carries New York State Route 67 across the Hudson River in New York connecting Mechanicville with Hemstreet Park in the Town of Schaghticoke. The bridge was built in 1950 as a replacement for a structure privately built as a toll bridge in 1888, and is referred to by some as the Champlain Canal Bridge.
See also
List of fixed crossings of the Hudson River
References
External links
NY 67 (AlpsRoads.net)
RTE 67 over CHAMPLAIN CANAL, HUDSON (UglyBridges.com)
Bridges over the Hudson River
Road bridges in New York (state)
Former toll bridges in New York (state)
Robyn van Nus (born 10 December 1982) is an Australian sport shooter. They competed in two events at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics; the Women's Air Rifle, 10 metres event where they finished 44th overall in 2008 and 45th in 2012, and the Women's Small-Bore Rifle, Three Positions, 50 metres event where they finished 40th overall in 2008 and 41st in 2012.
Personal
van Nus was born on 10 December 1982 in Attadale, Western Australia. They attended St Josephs Primary School and St. Norbert College in Western Australia. In 2010, they enrolled at Central Queensland University where they are working on Bachelor of Exercise and Sports Science.
, they live in Sydney.
, van Nus was tall and weighed , unchanged from 2008. They have chronic fatigue syndrome. Them mother also represented Australia in shooting.
Shooting
van Nus is a sport shooter, specialising in the rifle. They took up the sport around 1998 as a way to deal with chronic fatigue syndrome with their mother serving as their first coach. Petr Kurka became their coach in 2009. They were a member of the Melbourne International Shooting Club. In 2012, they were a member of the Kalamunda Smallbore Rifle Club. They have a shooting scholarship with the Western Australian Institute of Sport.
van Nus competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Women's Air Rifle, 10 metres event where they finished 44 overall and in the Women's Small-Bore Rifle, Three Positions, 50 metres event where they finished 40th overall. Going into the 2008 Games, their inclusion was challenged by Susannah Smith because van Nus was selected over Smith by having a one-point lead. They competed at the 2010 Commonwealth Shooting Championship, earning a bronze in the 10m air rifle event with a score of 494.2 (394). In the women's 10-metre air rifle pairs, they and partner Aletha Sedgman finished sixth. They had some difficulties with the competition because "her gun and the rest of their equipment was lost in transit to Delhi."
In 2011, van Nus was the number one ranked Australian woman in their discipline. In Brisbane in a July 2011 at national tournament, they broke their own women's air rifle Australian record when they shot 397 out of 400. In October 2011, they participated in the Australia Cup Final in Sydney, but withdrew mid-competition because of a back injury after only shooting nine of their forty shots. They were selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in shooting. London were their second Games.
References
1982 births
Living people
Australian female sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Australia
Shooters at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Australia
Western Australian Institute of Sport alumni
20th-century Australian women
21st-century Australian women
was the 8th daimyō of Hirosaki Domain in northern Mutsu Province, Honshū, Japan (modern-day Aomori Prefecture). Their courtesy title was Tosa-no-kami, and their Court rank was Junior Fifth Rank, Lower Grade.
Biography
Tsugaru Nobuyasu was the eldest son of Tsugaru Nobuyasu, 7th daimyō of Hirosaki Domain. In 1776, they were received in formal audience by shōgun Tokugawa Ieharu and succeeded their father in 1784. Noted for their intelligence and learning at an early age, they corresponded with a number of other daimyō noted for their good government, including Hosokawa Shigekata of Kumamoto Domain, Uesugi Harunori of Yonezawa Domain and Matsudaira Sadanobu of Shirakawa Domain. Nobuakira inherited a domain stricken by extensive famine caused by repeated natural disasters and mismanagement. Domain records indicate that 130,000 peasants perished during the Great Tenmei Famine alone, while corrupt senior officials during their father's reign had been selling of all of the domain's rice reserves for their personal profit to merchants in Edo. Nobuyasu soon took steps to restore the domain's finances, promote new industries and the development of new crops, and to reign in the worst excesses of their senior retainers. One of their reforms was to implement a new land survey, the first in over 200 years in the domain, to reassess taxable income and to permit farmers to exchange exhausted lands for new farmland. However, these reforms sparked considerable opposition within the domain's vested interests, and Nobuakira's sudden and unexpected death at the age of 28 may have been by poisoning. As Nobuakira died without an heir, the next daimyō of Hirosaki Domain, Tsugaru Yasuchika was the son of Tsugaru Akitaka, from the clan's subsidiary holding in Kuroishi.
Their grave is at the clan temple of Shinryō-in (a subsidiary of Kan'ei-ji) in Taitō-ku, Tokyo.
See also
Tsugaru clan
References
"Hirosaki-jō" (February 17, 2008)
"Tsugaru-han" on Edo 300 HTML (February 17, 2008)
Koyasu Nobushige (1880). Buke kazoku meiyoden 武家家族名誉伝 Volume 1. Tokyo: Koyasu Nobushige. (Accessed from National Diet Library, July 17, 2008)
Kurotaki, Jūjirō (1984). Tsugaru-han no hanzai to keibatsu 津軽藩の犯罪と刑罰. Hirosaki: Hoppō shinsha.
Narita, Suegorō (1975). Tsugaru Tamenobu: shidan 津軽為信: 史談. Aomori: Tōō Nippōsha.
Tsugaru Tsuguakira Kō Den kankōkai (1976). Tsugaru Tsuguakira kō-den 津輕承昭公傳. Tokyo: Rekishi Toshosha
The content of much of this article was derived from that of the corresponding article on Japanese Wikipedia.
Tozama daimyo
Tsugaru clan
1762 births
1791 deaths
People of Edo-period Japan
Our Immediate Task is an 1899 writing by Russian philosopher and revolutionary Vladimir Lenin. The article was a rebuttal to proponents of Economism. The South African newspaper Independent Online cited the work with reference to contemporary socialist movements in South Africa.
References
1899 essays
Works by Vladimir Lenin
The Peruvian sierra finch (Phrygilus punensis) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in western Bolivia and Peru where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
References
Peruvian sierra finch
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Peruvian sierra finch
Taxa named by Robert Ridgway
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dylan Michael Boyle (born 15 January 2022) is a Northern Irish professional footballer who plays for Fleetwood Town, as a midfielder.
Career
Boyle started their career playing youth football for their local side in Belfast, Ridgeway Rovers, where they spent five years before moving across to England to sign a scholarship for the youth team of EFL League One side Fleetwood Town.
In January 2020, they signed their first professional contract for the club at the age of seventeen, after impressing the under-18's manager, Simon Wiles. Boyle was captain of the side and had already made their first team debut for Fleetwood in the EFL Trophy defeat to Leicester City U21 in September 2018, having replaced Chris Long as a late substitute.
On 18 December 2020, they were sent out on loan to Northern Premier League Premier Division side F.C. United of Manchester on an initial one-month youth loan. On 13 August 2021, they were again sent out on loan to the Northern Premier League Premier Division, signing for Bamber Bridge.
They returned from the club on 28 October 2021, having made fifteen appearances, only missing games when they were representing Northern Ireland U21. Brig First Team Manager, Jamie Milligan, was impressed with Boyle and stated "Dylan has been a pleasure to coach and I'm sure they will go onto big things.
They made their first senior start for Fleetwood against Bolton Wanderers defeat in the EFL Trophy on 30 November 2021, praising interim manager after the match, Stephen Crainey, who had also been their manager for the under-23's in the previous couple of years. They signed a new contract with the club on 31 December 2021, committing to the club on a one-year extension until June 2023, with the club holding an option for a further year.
International career
Boyle has represented Northern Ireland at under-17, under-19 and under-21 levels.
Career statistics
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Fleetwood Town F.C. players
Bamber Bridge F.C. players
F.C. United of Manchester players
English Football League players
Northern Premier League players
Association football midfielders
Association footballers from Northern Ireland
Megalomyrmex nocarina is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae. Megalomyrmex nocarina occurs in mature wet forest habitats of the Atlantic slope of Costa Rica. It occurs from near sea level to 1110 m elevation. It is known exclusively as isolated workers in Winkler samples of forest floor litter.
Megalomyrmex nocarina is very easy to confuse with M. mondabora and M. mondaboroides, but the lack of a strong foraminal carina is reliably diagnostic. Also, the basal mandibular teeth are slightly larger and fewer in number. The nesting and feeding habits of nocarina remain to be discovered, but the similarity to M. mondabora and M. mondaboroides suggest that nocarina, too, might be a specialized predator or social parasite of Attini.
References
Myrmicinae
Insects described in 2010
The Christian scaly-toed gecko (Lepidodactylus christiani), also known commonly as Christian's scaly-toed gecko, is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae. The species is endemic to the Philippines.
Etymology
The specific name, christiani, is in honor of United States Army Lieutenant Ralph L. Christian, who assisted Taylor in collecting specimens in the Philippines.
Geographic range
L. christiani is found on the island of Negros in the Philippines.
Habitat
The preferred natural habitat of L. christiani is forest, at altitudes of .
Reproduction
L. christiani is oviparous.
References
Further reading
Rösler H (2000). "Kommentierte Liste der rezent, subrezent und fossil bekannten Geckotaxa (Reptilia: Gekkonomorpha)". Gekkota 2: 28–153. (Lepidodactylus christiani, p. 91). (in German).
Taylor EH (1917). "Snakes and lizards known from Negros, with descriptions of new species and new subspecies". Philippine Journal of Science 12: 353–381 + Plates I–II. (Lepidodactylus christiani, new species, pp. 368–370 + Plate II, figures 1, 1a, 1b).
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles described in 1917
Kalateh-ye Saqi (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Sāqī; also known as Kalāteh-ye Eqbāl) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 227, in 70 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Taraf (, also Romanized as Ţaraf; also known as Tarp) is a village in Bedevostan-e Gharbi Rural District, Khvajeh District, Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 227, in 51 families.
References
Populated places in Heris County
Alexander Garden Fraser (6 October 1873 – 27 January 1962), , was a British educator and Anglican vicar. They were one of the founders of Achimota School and the first principal of the school (1924–1935). The other founders were Sir Frederick Gordon Guggisberg, former Governor of the Gold Coast (1919–1927), and Dr. James Emman Kwegyir Aggrey, the first assistant vice principal (1924–1927).
Trinity College, Kandy, Sri Lanka (formerly Ceylon)
Alexander Garden Fraser was born in Tillicoultry in Clackmannanshire on 6 October 1873, the eldest son of Sir Andrew Henderson Leith Fraser (1848-1919), later Lieutenant-Governor of Bengal, and their first wife Agnes Whitehead née Archibald ( -1879). They were named after their paternal grandfather Rev Prof Alexander Garden Fraser DD (1814-1904) a New York born minister who joined the Free Church of Scotland and spent most of their life teaching in India.
Educated at Merchiston Castle School in Edinburgh, and Trinity College, Oxford, they initially intended to study law, but became involved with the Student Volunteer Missionary Union. They were ordained and eventually became a renowned educationist and missionary. Prior to joining Achimota School, they were the principal of the Trinity College, Ceylon, for the 20-year period from 1904 to 1924. Fraser is described as the greatest principal of Trinity College. To quote,
“Rev. A.G. Fraser brought the school from a mere provincial school to a national college. In their day (1904–1924), Trinity College became a multi-faceted educational institution, equal to that of any leading school in the British Commonwealth. In the days of Fraser, 17 different nationalities made use of the all-round education Trinity provided. They were an inspiring personality and yet truly self-sacrificing. All their best years were given to Trinity and all their efforts bore fruit. They had the power of persuasion, which they used to inspire brilliant men from Oxford and Cambridge to serve as Anglican missionaries at Trinity College. The decisions of Mr. Fraser were daring but far sighted. It was they who introduced the mother tongue and broke away from conventional subjects mostly imported from England. They introduced a diversified system of education with a strong bias towards national needs. Agriculture was introduced when it was not the practice in any other local school."
Fraser and the then vice principal of Trinity College are credited for the College Chapel's open design. The design is similar to Achimota's Aggrey Memorial Chapel which is also an open chapel.
The principal of Trinity College, Rev. A. G. Fraser, took the school from a mere provincial school to a national college. It was in their day that Trinity became the multi-faceted educational institution it is today. Since then, students from over 17 different nations have made use of the all round education provided at Trinity. Fraser was an inspiring personality and yet truly self-sacrificing. All their best years were given to Trinity and all their efforts bore fruit. They had the power of persuasion, which they used to inspire brilliant men from Oxford and Cambridge Universities to serve as Anglican missionaries at Trinity College. Walter Senior was one such person who came to serve as Vice Principal under Fraser.  They are best known as the Bard of Lanka. The decisions of Mr. Fraser were daring but far sighted. It was they who introduced the mother tongue and broke away from conventional subjects mostly imported from England. They introduced a diversified system of education with a strong bias towards national needs. Trinity was the first school in Ceylon to introduce Sinhala language into its curriculum. Agriculture was introduced when it was not the practice in any other local school. The story of Fraser is voluminous, for they were not merely a principal but a stalwart among headmasters. They had on their staff a brilliant man Gaster, who was responsible for planning the buildings of the time. Two buildings, one known as the "Gaster Block" and the other was the Chapel which continues to be admired today and bears testimony to the wisdom of Fraser and Gaster. The chapel is unique among churches in Sri Lanka. Architecturally one could see the best of Sinhala Architecture, with designs and carvings similar to those one could see in Polonnaruwa, an ancient capital of Sri Lanka. It was the first open chapel in the world, when all the others were of gothic type. During their years as Principal, Mr. Fraser obtained a lease of a land from the Asgiriya Temple and levelled it to create a playing field, which was later to become the Asgiriya Stadium. In their time the school games brought much honour and glory to the school from the innumerable victories in Cricket and Rugby. Rev. Fraser left in 1924 to head a school in Gold Coast, namely Achimota School, the great college of that country.
Achimota College and School
In 1924, the Gold Coast colonial government approved the funding for the proposed Prince of Wales College and School, now known as "Achimota School", as part of Governor Guggisberg's education reform program for the Gold Coast.
Apparently, Rev. Fraser and Dr. Aggrey first met in January 1924 at the home of Dr. J. H. Oldham at Chipstead in Surrey, United Kingdom.
"Oldham recalled their conversation with Aggrey on the proposed Achimota College: "We started discussing people, and I sounded Aggrey on the names of several people who had been mentioned as possible Headmasters. They shook their head in each case. Then I said to him, 'Would you go with Fraser?' They said 'Oh yes, I'd go with Fraser!' I said 'What in the world do you know about Fraser that makes you so confident about them when you have been so doubtful about all the other people?' They said 'Don't you remember that four years ago we lunched at a restaurant in Soho, Mr. and Mrs. Fraser and you and your wife, before going to a matinée?' And I said, 'Do you mean to tell me, Aggrey, that on the strength of a lunch four years ago, you are absolutely clear that you would go with Fraser?' 'Yes,' they said; 'absolutely clear.' 'All right!' I said; and I went into the other room where the telephone was. Alek was at Oxford, and I wired, 'Can you come for the week-end to meet Aggrey?' And they did. They came on the Saturday, and they went out for a walk on the Sunday afternoon; and they came back to say they would go.""
Fraser left their position as Principal of the Trinity College, Ceylon, and accepted the position as Achimota School's first principal. They and Aggrey, the School's first vice principal, supervised the construction and equipping of Achimota School. Fraser and the other founders made personal sacrifices to realise their dream of the first co-educational institution in the Gold Coast. They battled racism and harsh, and often unfounded, criticism. "To prepare Achimota School for its opening, Rev. Fraser and Dr. Aggrey hammered nails when they required hammering; they scrubbed floors and washed windows."
Classes commenced at Achimota School on 27 February 1926, then known as the "Prince of Wales College and School" and it was formally opened by the Governor, Sir Guggisberg, on 28 January 1927.
When Aggrey died in the United States on 30 July 1927, Fraser wrote:
'Williams could fill my place. No one can fill Aggrey's. It was they who persuaded me to go to Achimota in the first place, and I made it a condition of my going that they should come with me and help me to know the people and their outlook. They came at pecuniary loss, to begin with, and nobly they did their special work. They had marvellous power over people. It was not only their great oratorial gifts and sparkling kindly humour, but it was their transparent sincerity, their intense belief in them, their ardent love of Africa, and their flaming purity ... I have often been asked if Aggrey was worth it. If Achimota has caught the imagination of West Africa today, and I believe it has, it is due to Aggrey more than any other six men ... In Achimota we lose more than we can yet understand. But of the many good things I have been freely given in life, one of the best is the intimate friendship given me by Aggrey'.
Legacy
At Achimota School, Fraser and their staff, including Aggrey, shared the belief that Africans should not be turned into pseudo-Europeans but taught to retain the highest values of their own culture. This is reflected in the "Ideals Upon Which Achimota Was Founded". Fraser composed the school hymn that also embodies Achimota ideals.
Family and memorials
“Fraser House", a boys' residence hall that is now part of the secondary department was named in Fraser's honour. In addition, "Fraser Building" at Trinity College, Kandy, Sri Lanka is named after him. Their sons Alistair Garden (Sandy) and Andrew (his younger brother) both taught at Achimota for many years. Fraser was survived by their grandson, Prof. Ian Fraser, a retired art professor, and other grandchildren. Prof. Fraser and other family members now live in the United States.
Notes
They also had a daughter, Alison, after whom they named the school's Alison House.  They are survived by their daughter (her two sons having predeceased her) and nine grandchildren. All resident in the United Kingdom.
Sources
Aggrey, J.E.K. and Fraser, A.G.; Cambridge University Library: Royal Commonwealth Society Library, Y30448S
Brief History of Trinity College
Brody, Donal; "Permission granted by Dr. Brody", Great Epics Newsletter, Great Epic Books. (Summarized from the websites listed below.)
Ghana Educational History
Great Epic Books June 1998
Great Epic Books July 1998
Janus
Lucy
OAA 1973
Ward, William Ernest Frank (1965), Fraser of Trinity and Achimota, Accra: Ghana Universities Press.
1873 births
1962 deaths
People educated at Merchiston Castle School
Heads of schools in Sri Lanka
Heads of schools in Ghana
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Timotei Seviciu (; born Traian Petru Sevici on 4 June 1936 in Timișoara) is a hierarch of the Romanian Orthodox Church, since 1984 the bishop and since 2009 the archbishop of the Arad Archdiocese.
References
Bishops of the Romanian Orthodox Church
1936 births
Living people
Speed Star may refer to:
Speed Star (album), a 2009 album by Aya Hirano
"Speed Star" (Lead song)
"Speed Star" (Garnidelia song)
See also
Speedstar
Vinblastine (VBL), sold under the brand name Velban among others, is a chemotherapy medication, typically used with other medications, to treat a number of types of cancer. This includes Hodgkin's lymphoma, non-small cell lung cancer, bladder cancer, brain cancer, melanoma, and testicular cancer. It is given by injection into a vein.
Most people experience some side effects. Commonly it causes a change in sensation, constipation, weakness, loss of appetite, and headaches. Severe side effects include low blood cell counts and shortness of breath. It should not be given to people who have a current bacterial infection. Use during pregnancy will likely harm the baby. Vinblastine works by blocking cell division.
Vinblastine was isolated in 1958. An example of a natural herbal remedy that has since been developed into a conventional medicine, vinblastine was originally obtained from the Madagascar periwinkle. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.
Medical uses
Vinblastine is a component of a number of chemotherapy regimens, including ABVD for Hodgkin lymphoma. It is also used to treat histiocytosis according to the established protocols of the Histiocytosis Association.
Side effects
Adverse effects of vinblastine include hair loss, loss of white blood cells and blood platelets, gastrointestinal problems, high blood pressure, excessive sweating, depression, muscle cramps, vertigo and headaches. As a vesicant, vinblastine can cause extensive tissue damage and blistering if it escapes from the vein from improper administration.
Pharmacology
Vinblastine is a vinca alkaloid and a chemical analogue of vincristine. It binds tubulin, thereby inhibiting the assembly of microtubules. Vinblastine treatment causes M phase specific cell cycle arrest by disrupting microtubule assembly and proper formation of the mitotic spindle and the kinetochore, each of which are necessary for the separation of chromosomes during anaphase of mitosis. Toxicities include bone marrow suppression (which is dose-limiting), gastrointestinal toxicity, potent vesicant (blister-forming) activity, and extravasation injury (forms deep ulcers). Vinblastine paracrystals may be composed of tightly packed unpolymerized tubulin or microtubules.
Vinblastine is reported to be an effective component of certain chemotherapy regimens, particularly when used with bleomycin, and methotrexate in VBM chemotherapy for Stage IA or IIA Hodgkin lymphomas.
The inclusion of vinblastine allows for lower doses of bleomycin and reduced overall toxicity with larger resting periods between chemotherapy cycles.
Mechanism of action
Microtubule-disruptive drugs like vinblastine, colcemid, and nocodazole have been reported to act by two mechanisms. At very low concentrations they suppress microtubule dynamics and at higher concentrations they reduce microtubule polymer mass. Recent findings indicate that they also produce microtubule fragments by stimulating microtubule minus-end detachment from their organizing centers. Dose-response studies further indicate that enhanced microtubule detachment from spindle poles correlate best with cytotoxicity. But research into the mechanism is still ongoing as recent studies also show vinblastine inducing apoptosis that is phase-independent in certain leukemias.
Isolation and synthesis
Vinblastine may be isolated from the Madagascar Periwinkle (Catharanthus roseus), its only known biological producer, along with several of its precursors, catharanthine and vindoline. The biosynthetic pathway for vinblastine and its precursors, particularly catharanthine, still remains partially unknown. Extraction is costly and yields of vinblastine and its precursors are low, although procedures for rapid isolation with improved yields avoiding auto-oxidation have been developed. Enantioselective synthesis has been of considerable interest in recent years, as the natural mixture of isomers is not an economical source for the required C16'S, C14'R stereochemistry of biologically active vinblastine. Initially, the approach depends upon an enantioselective Sharpless epoxidation, which sets the stereochemistry at C20. The desired configuration around C16 and C14 can then be fixed during the ensuing steps. In this pathway, vinblastine is constructed by a series of cyclization and coupling reactions which create the required stereochemistry. The overall yield may be as great as 22%, which makes this synthetic approach more attractive than extraction from natural sources, whose overall yield is about 10%. Stereochemistry is controlled through a mixture of chiral agents (Sharpless catalysts), and reaction conditions (temperature, and selected enantiopure starting materials). Due to difficulty of stereochemical restraints in total synthetic processes, other semi-synthetic methods from precursors, catharanthine and vindoline, continue to be developed.
History
Vinblastine was first isolated by Robert Noble and Charles Thomas Beer at the university of Western Ontario from the Madagascar periwinkle plant. Vinblastine's utility as a chemotherapeutic agent was first suggested by its effect on the body when an extract of the plant was injected in rabbits to study the plant's supposed anti-diabetic effect. (A tea made from the plant was a folk-remedy for diabetes.) The rabbits died from a bacterial infection, due to a decreased number of white blood cells, so it was hypothesized that vinblastine might be effective against cancers of the white blood cells such as lymphoma.
See also
Doxorubicin
Mimosine
References
External links
Vinca alkaloids
Microtubule inhibitors
Mitotic inhibitors
Acetate esters
World Health Organization essential medicines
Wikipedia medicine articles ready to translate
Thomas Edward Moore (December 23, 1962 – May 24, 1998) was an American professional golfer.
Moore was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. They had a decorated junior golf career, ranking #1 in the Junior Golf World Rankings in 1980 (Golf Digest). Moore played college golf at Oklahoma State where they were a teammate of Scott Verplank, Willie Wood, and Philip Walton. They won two events and was an All-American in 1982, 1983 and 1984 and helped their team win the NCAA Championship in 1983. They were also the program's 1st Academic All-American in 1984.
Moore played on the PGA Tour in 1990, 1991, and 1994. Their best finish was a T4th at the 1990 Buick Southern Open. They also played on the Ben Hogan Tour/Nike Tour (now Web.com Tour) from 1991 to 1993. Their best finish was a win at the 1993 Nike Boise Open.
After retiring from tournament golf, Moore worked as a teaching professional at English Turn Golf and Country Club in New Orleans.
Moore died in 1998 at age 35 of a rare blood disease diagnosed as primary amyloidosis.
The Tommy Moore Memorial Junior Golf Championship is held annually in conjunction with the All-State Sugar Bowl. The event is presented by the Kelly Gibson Foundation.
Professional wins (1)
Nike Tour wins (1)
Nike Tour playoff record (0–1)
See also
1993 Nike Tour graduates
References
External links
American male golfers
Oklahoma State Cowboys golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Korn Ferry Tour graduates
Golfers from Louisiana
Sportspeople from New Orleans
1962 births
1998 deaths
Elia Benedettini (born 22 June 1995) is a Sammarinese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Cailungo and the San Marino national team.  They are the cousin of San Marino goalkeeper Simone.
Club career
Benedettini began their career at San Marino Calcio in Lega Pro, the third tier of the Italian football system. They were first called up to a matchday squad on 24 September 2012, remaining an unused substitute in a 0–1 home loss against Pavia at the Stadio Olimpico in Serravalle. On 10 February 2013 they were called up again and remained unused in a 2–0 home win over PortoSummaga. Their third call-up on 5 May resulted in their only appearance of the season, in a home match against Cremonese. Starting goalkeeper Mattia Migani was sent off in the second minute, so forward Francesco Cassola was substituted for Benedettini, who immediately conceded a penalty kick by Giuseppe Le Noci in an eventual 1–6 defeat.
On 21 July 2013, they joined Cesena for an undisclosed fee.
In July 2014, Benedettini moved to Serie D club Pianese.
In July 2016, they moved to Serie B club Novara on a free transfer. They made their competitive debut for the club on 24 December 2016 in a 4–1 away defeat to Virtus Entella. They were released by Novara by mutual consent on 9 October 2020.
On 14 January 2021, they returned to Cesena.
On 11 July 2022, Benedettini agreed to join Cailungo in Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio.
International career
They made their senior international debut for San Marino on 27 June 2015, in a UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying match against Slovenia in Ljubljana, a 0–6 defeat. Prior to this, they had played for San Marino's youth teams.
Career statistics
International
References
External links
Living people
1995 births
People from Borgo Maggiore
Sammarinese footballers
Association football goalkeepers
San Marino international footballers
San Marino Calcio players
A.C. Cesena players
U.S. Pianese players
Novara F.C. players
Cesena F.C. players
S.P. Cailungo players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Sammarinese expatriate footballers
Sammarinese expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Christopher J. Wiernicki (born September 29, 1958) is a naval architect, engineer, and businessperson.  They are the chair, president, and CEO of American Bureau of Shipping, an international classification organization, and also serves as Chairman of ABS Group of Companies, a global risk consulting and technical services company.  They are a serving member of the President's National Infrastructure Advisory Council (NIAC).
Career
Wiernicki obtained their BS degree in civil engineering from Vanderbilt University, an MS degree in structural engineering from George Washington University, and an MS degree in ocean engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. They also completed the Harvard Business School Advanced Management Program.
Prior to joining ABS in 1993, Wiernicki was President and CEO of Designers and Planners Inc., a naval architecture firm.
In 2013, Wiernicki was inducted into the George Washington University School of Engineering and Applied Science Hall of Fame. They received The Vice Admiral Emory S. "Jerry" Land Medal from the Society of Naval Architects and Marine Engineers for Outstanding Accomplishment in the Marine Field. In 2016, Wiernicki was inducted into the International Maritime Hall of Fame and received the Admiral of the Ocean Seas Award from the United Seamen's Service. They have been awarded honorary Doctor of Science degrees from Maine Maritime Academy and State University of New York Maritime College. Wiernicki served as Chairman of Council of the International Association of Classification Societies from 2015 to 2016. In 2017, Wiernicki was inducted to the Vanderbilt University School of Engineering Academy of Distinguished Alumni, named to the Vanderbilt University School of Engineering's Board of Visitors, conferred an honorary Doctor of Engineering degree from Stevens Institute of Technology, and named the Massachusetts Maritime Academy's Person of the Year. In 2018, they were recognized as one of the top 50 influential people in the tanker shipping and trade industry by Tanker Shipping & Trade and was named the International Personality of the Year at the annual Greek Shipping Awards. On June 20, 2020, Wiernicki was the Distinguished Industry Speaker at the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy's Commencement Ceremony for the Class of 2020. In January 2021, they were elected to the U.S. National Academy of Engineering for innovations in the design, engineering, and operation of ships and offshore structures. In August 2022, they were appointed by President Biden to the President's National Infrastructure Advisory Council, which advises the White House on how to reduce risks and improve the resilience of the nation's critical infrastructure sectors.
References
American naval architects
Living people
1958 births
21st-century American engineers
Vanderbilt University alumni
George Washington University School of Engineering and Applied Science alumni
MIT School of Engineering alumni
Mitigation in law is the principle that a party who has suffered loss (from a tort or breach of contract) has to take reasonable action to minimize the amount of the loss suffered. As stated by the Canadian Federal Court of Appeal in Redpath Industries Ltd. v. Cisco (The), "It is well established that a party who suffers damages as a result of a breach of contract has a duty to mitigate those damages, that is to say that the wrongdoer cannot be called upon to pay for avoidable losses which would result in an increase in the quantum of damages payable to the injured party." The onus on showing a failure to mitigate damages is on the defendant. In the UK, Lord Leggatt describes the "function of the doctrine of mitigation" as enabling the law
Iain Drummond notes that in English law there is no duty to mitigate loss. Rather, the principle is that "damages will be limited by an assumption that [a plaintiff] has taken reasonable steps in mitigation of loss", regardless of whether they have not in fact taken such steps. Even where case law speaks of a "duty to mitigate", the duty has been cited as "not a demanding one".
The issue of what is reasonable is especially contentious in personal injury cases where the plaintiff refuses medical advice. This can be seen in cases such as Janiak v. Ippolito.
The antonym of mitigation is aggravation.
Examples
For example, consider a tenant who signs an agreement to rent a house for a year, but moves out (and stops paying rent) after only one month. The landlord may be able to sue the tenant for breach of contract: however, the landlord must mitigate damages by making a reasonable attempt to find a replacement tenant for the remainder of the year. The landlord may not simply let the house lie empty for eleven months and then sue the tenant for eleven months' rent.
The actions of the defendant may also result in the mitigation of damages which would otherwise have been due to the successful plaintiff. For example, the Civil Law (Wrongs) Act 2002 (ACT) provides that mitigation of damages for the publication of defamatory matter may result from any apology made by a defendant and any correction published (s. 139I).
In Manton Hire & Sales Ltd v Ash Manor Cheese Co Ltd. (appeal judgment in 2013), the hirer of an unsuitably wide fork lift truck was justified in rejecting the supplier's proposed mitigation when the supplier had "only [made] an unclear offer to modify the product without specifying "the exact extent" to which the truck was to be modified.
In the case of Thai Airways International Public Company Ltd v KI Holdings Co Ltd. (2015), a number of mitigating actions are listed which had been taken by Thai Airlines in response to a supplier's failure to deliver airplane seating which had been ordered for its planes. In this case the airline had a number of alternative means of mitigating its loss.
References
See also
Mitigating factor
Legal terminology
Civil law (common law)
The Walkington Wold burials in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England, comprise the skeletal remains of 13 individuals from the Anglo-Saxon period which were discovered in the late 1960s, during the excavation of a Bronze Age barrow. Subsequent examinations have concluded that they were decapitated Anglo-Saxon criminals, and that the site is the most northerly of its kind known in England.
Original excavation
Archaeologists Rod Mackey and John Bartlett discovered the burials while excavating the Bronze Age barrow at Walkington Wold, about 2 kilometres (1.25 miles) west of the Yorkshire village of Walkington, from 1967 to 1969. Twelve skeletons were unearthed, ten of which were without skulls, though eleven skulls were also found, most of which were without jawbones. All were buried randomly, though three appeared to have been buried together, with most of the skulls well away from the bodies. Some of the skulls were found at the centre of the barrow mound, while the bodies were all located at the perimeter. Theories of their identity included victims of a late Roman massacre, Anglo-Saxon executions, or even a Celtic head cult.
Re-evaluation
The skeletons were re-examined in 2007 by archaeologists Jo Buckberry from Bradford University and Dawn Hadley from Sheffield University. It was revealed that in fact 13 individuals were unearthed in the late 1960s, all had been aged between 18 and 45, and, while eight of the skeletons and nine of the skulls were identified as certainly male, none were identified as female. Radiocarbon dating showed that the remains range from the mid 7th century to the early 11th century. It also indicated that the apparent "triple burial" in fact consisted of separate burials in the same location. Examination of the skeletons revealed that their owners were subjected to judicial execution by decapitation, one of which required several blows. Furthermore, the heads were probably displayed on poles as warnings to others, which was a known practice in Anglo-Saxon England. While the burial site is ideally situated for public display on a rise by a road, the absence of jawbones from most of the skulls suggests that they fell off as the heads decomposed on the poles.
The crimes of the men are unknown, owing to the lack of any associated documentation. The burial site is between Walkington and the deserted village of Hunsley, adjacent to the modern hamlet of High Hunsley, at the boundary of the then hundreds of Welton and Cave. The use of an ancient barrow site situated on the boundaries between communities indicates that the executed were excluded from the community, even in death. According to Mackey, the site had been known locally as "'Hell's Gate' – suggesting there was a folk memory [from] when it was used as an execution site."
Significance
While Walkington Wold is "unusual in being the most northerly example yet found of an Anglo-Saxon execution cemetery", the site contributes evidence that such execution cemeteries were used periodically over a long time, being established long before their first documentation in the 10th century, and that men, rather than women, tended to be executed for crimes in mid to late Anglo-Saxon England. It also demonstrates continuity over a period which includes the upheavals of Scandinavian invasion and settlement.
The selection of a Bronze Age barrow for the burials fits a pattern of Anglo-Saxon re-use of ancient barrows and mounds. Such barrows were thought to be the haunt of dragons, goblins and the like, and the executed criminals at Walkington Wold, excluded from normal human society by their criminal activity and subsequent executions, were made outcasts in death by their association with such spirits.
Notes
See also
List of Anglo-Saxon cemeteries
Bed burial
List of Anglo-Saxon bed burials
References
Bartlett, J.E. & Mackey, R.W. 1973. "Excavations at Walkington Wold, 1967–1969." East Riding Archaeologist 1(2), 1–100.
Hadley, D.M. & Buckberry, J.L. 2005. “Caring for the Dead in Late Anglo-Saxon England”, in Tinti, F. (ed) Pastoral Care in Late Anglo-Saxon England (Woodbridge: Boydell), 121–147.
Wood, A. 2007. “Grisly discovery of headless bodies gives insight into justice Saxon style.” Yorkshire Post, 31 December.
Further reading
Bailey, G.B. 1985. "Late Roman Inland Signal Station, or Temple? Functional Interpretation at Walkington Wold." Yorkshire Archaeological Journal 57, 11–14.
Buckberry, J. L. 2008. "Off with their heads: The Anglo-Saxon execution cemetery at Walkington Wold, East Yorkshire". In E. Murphy (ed.) Deviant burial in the archaeological record. (Oxford: Oxbow), 148–168
Mackey, R.W. 2006. “Walkingon Executions Re-dated” East Riding Archaeological Society Newsletter 2 November.
Reynolds, A. 1997. "The Definition and Ideology of Anglo-Saxon Execution Sites and Cemeteries" in De Boe, G. & Verhaege, F. (eds) Death & Burial in Medieval Europe (Zellick: Instituut voor het Archeologisch Patrimonium), 33–41.
External links
Angelika Franz, “Das Geheimnis von Hell's Gate” – German language, includes image gallery.
Barrows in England
Anglo-Saxon sites in England
Archaeological sites in the East Riding of Yorkshire
Execution sites in England
Anglo-Saxon burial practices
Yorkshire Wolds
Paracastalia is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, containing the following species:
Paracastalia bettoni Waterhouse, 1904
Paracastalia duvivieri (Kerremans, 1898)
Paracastalia gebhardti (Hoscheck, 1931)
Paracastalia inornata (Kerremans, 1906)
Paracastalia louwi Hohn, 1982
Paracastalia minima Kerremans, 1905
Paracastalia plagiata (Kerremans, 1899)
Paracastalia scholtzi Holm, 1982
References
Buprestidae genera
Rumigny () is a commune in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region in northern France.
It lies near Rozoy-sur-Serre, from Mon Idée on the border with Belgium, at the junction of routes D877 and D977.
Population
Personalities
Rumigny was the birthplace of the astronomer Nicolas Louis de Lacaille.
See also
Communes of the Ardennes department
References
Communes of Ardennes (department)
Ardennes communes articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
Ivan Raimundo Pinheiro (born 22 October 1965) is a Brazilian former handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Brazilian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Brazil
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
People from Petrolina
Sportspeople from Pernambuco
Pan American Games silver medalists for Brazil
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1999 Pan American Games
Handball players at the 1999 Pan American Games
Elizabeth Pickett Chevalier (1896-1984), known earlier in their career as Elizabeth Pickett, was an American writer best known for their 1942 novel, the bestseller Drivin' Woman, which was promoted as a novel in the vein of Gone with the Wind. In their earlier career, they were also a silent short-film director and a screenwriter who wrote scenarios and titles for Fox Film Corporation.
Early life and education
Chevalier was born in Chicago in 1896, and was a granddaughter of Confederate States Army General George Pickett. Pickett took over their family's tobacco farm in Lexington, Kentucky, before graduating from Wellesley Women's College in 1918. At the end of the first World War, they went to work in Washington D.C. with the American Red Cross as a historian and publicist until eventually making propaganda shorts for the non-profit organization.
Pickett also contributed about 1,100 pages to the 1923 History of the American Red Cross. In their early work, they made a one-reel picture called In Florence Nightingale's Footsteps to try to persuade women to become war nurses. It was this event that swayed Pickett to pursue more work in film, so they began working for the Fox Film Corporation shortly afterwards.
Film career
In their earlier career, Elizabeth Pickett was a silent short-film director and a screenwriter who wrote scenarios and titles for Fox Film Corporation. In 1923 they produced the very first "short series" films for Fox Film Corporation. Pickett helped to write and direct nearly forty "short series" films for Fox until eventually becoming the West Coast supervisor. Over the course of their career they edited and titled more than fifty Fox varieties. Pickett wrote several original stories such as Navajo and Wolf Fangs and adapted and titled works including Wings of the Storm, and The Monkey Talks. Other contributions they made in the film industry include titling and editing Kentucky Pride, Exploring the Amazon, Whispering Sage, The Shamrock Handicap, and Marriage License?
Pickett recalled that many aspects of their work as a novelist were influenced by their early work in film. In 1929 Paramount gave Pickett the opportunity to write the screenplay for their very first feature film, Redskin. Redskin was a fiction, high-quality technicolor film directed by Victor Schertzinger and produced and distributed by Paramount Famous Lasky. It was shot in authentic Pueblo and Navajo locations in both Western New Mexico and Arizona. The feature essentially represented the peak of Pickett's career in film even though it was criticized for all its habitual stereotyping of Native Americans. Before beginning to write the screenplay for Redskin Pickett spent months with Native Americans gathering information about their characteristics and behavior in order to gain better insight on their culture for the movie. Pickett said that their overall goal in the industry was to not only write and direct their own pictures but also to make an analogy between cinematography and film. Redskin was the first film that provided Pickett with the opportunity to achieve their goals and successfully write a feature film. They were described as having some of the highest ambitions to direct/write in film according to the Moving Picture World. With these goals in mind, many of Picket's films combined elements of both documentary and narrative fiction. Much of their work involved shooting Western American landscapes such as in Cliff-Dwellers of America (1925) and King of the Turf (1923). It was the short, King of the Turf that later inspired John Ford with their feature Kentucky Pride (1925), which Pickett also edited and titled.
Novel
Pickett's novel Drivin' Woman (1942) was a bestseller that they dedicated to their husband Stuart Chevalier, a descendant of the family of J. E. B. Stuart. The story's setting is the South after the American Civil War and appeared to be modeled after Gone with the Wind. The plot focuses on the life of a girl who inherits a southern tobacco plantation.
The movie rights to Drivin' Woman were sold to MGM for $60,000 before they finished writing it – probably in part due to the success of the film adaptation of Gone with the Wind; however, it was never made into a film.
Later life
According to their UPI obituary, they served on the Board of Governors of the American Red Cross in 1952, and President-elect John F. Kennedy considered them for the post of United States Secretary of the Treasury in 1960 or 1961.
Them husband, attorney Stuart Chevalier, died in 1956. They died on January 3, 1984, at the age of 87, and was buried in Altadena, California.
Quotes
"In this business of ours the writer will have to be the director as well, in order to survive". – Pickett
“I have written with the camera on some thirty or forty Varieties and I can see that the whole trend of production today, both from the standpoint of real economy and artistry, is with the person who writes with the camera”. – Pickett
Filmography
Director
Writer
Editor
References
External links
Elizabeth Chevalier Pickett at the Women Film Pioneers Project
1896 births
1984 deaths
20th-century American novelists
American women novelists
20th-century American women writers
Women film pioneers
American women screenwriters
20th-century American screenwriters
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1620.
Events
September 6 – Thomas Middleton is appointed chronologer of the City of London.
December 16 – The Book of Psalmes: Englished both in Prose and Metre with Annotations by Henry Ainsworth is the only book taken to New England by the Pilgrim Fathers.
unknown dates
John Taylor "The Water Poet" publishes The Praise of Hemp-Seed; with The Voyage of Mr. Roger Bird and the Writer hereof, in a Boat of browne-Paper, from London to Quinborough in Kent. As also, a Farewell to the matchlesse deceased Mr. Thomas Coriat in London, including the first mention in print of the deaths of Shakespeare and Francis Beaumont in 1616.
The first near-complete English-language translation of Boccaccio's The Decameron, anonymous but attributed to John Florio and based on later French and Italian editions, is published by Isaac Jaggard in London.
The second version of The Ballad of Chevy Chase appears.
A Short Account of the Destruction of the Indies by Bartolomé de las Casas and Origin and Progress of the Disturbances in the Netherlands by Johannes Gysius are republished in the Netherlands.
New books
Prose
Johann Valentin Andreae – De curiositatis pernicie syntagma
Francis Bacon – Novum Organum
John Bainbridge's translation of Ptolemy's De Planetarum Hypothesibus
Jacob Boehme
The Threefold Life of Man
Forty Questions on the Soul
The Incarnation of Jesus Christ
The Six Theosophical Points
The Six Mystical Points
Salomon de Caus – Hortus Palatinus
Miguel de Cervantes translated by Thomas Shelton – Don Quixote (Second Part)
Nicolaus Hunnius – Examen errorum Photinianorum
'Kinde Kit (of Kingstone)' – Westward for Smelts, or, The Water-man's fare of mad-merry western wenches
Michael Maier – Septima Philosophica
Feng Menglong
Illustrious Words to Instruct the World (喻世明言, Yushi Mingyan, or Stories Old and New)
The Three Sui Quash the Demons' Revolt (The Sorcerer's Revolt or Quelling the Demons, expanded version)
Bishop William Morgan, revised by Bishop Richard Parry and John Davies (Mallwyd) – Y Bibl Cyssegr-lan (Bible translation into Welsh)
Samuel Rowlands – The Night-raven (i. e. Nachtkrapp, a story to scare children)
Drama
Anonymous (perhaps Thomas Heywood) – Swetnam the Woman-Hater published
Francis Beaumont and John Fletcher – Philaster published
Thomas Dekker and Philip Massinger – The Virgin Martyr
Ben Jonson
News from the New World Discovered in the Moon (masque)
Pan's Anniversary (masque)
Friedrich Menius (editor) – Englishe Comedien und Tragedien (translated collection)
Thomas Middleton & William Rowley – The World Tossed at Tennis (masque)
Approximate date – Lady Mary Wroth – Love's Victory (closet drama)
Poetry
Births
January 29 – Lucy Hutchinson, English biographer and translator (died 1681)
July 20 – Nikolaes Heinsius the Elder, Dutch poet and scholar (died 1681)
August 21 (bapt.) – Marchamont Nedham, English journalist and pamphleteer (died 1678)
October 31 – John Evelyn, English diarist (died 1706)
November 10 – Ninon de l'Enclos, French author and patron of the arts (died 1705)
unknown dates
Alexander Brome, English poet (died 1666)
István Gyöngyösi – Hungarian poet (died 1704)
probable
Mary Forster, English Quaker polemicist (died 1687)
William Maurice, Welsh antiquary (died 1680)
Melchisédech Thévenot, French polymath (died 1692)
Deaths
February 1 – Mario di Calasio, Italian author of Hebrew concordance (born 1550)
February 19 – Roemer Visscher, Dutch writer (born 1547)
March 1 – Thomas Campion, English poet and composer (born 1567)
By August – Nathan Field, English dramatist (born 1587)
November 6 – Richard Carew, English author and translator (born 1555)
Unknown date – Prudencio de Sandoval, Spanish Benedictine historian (born 1553)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Sir Joseph Pope (August 16, 1854 – December 2, 1926) was a Canadian public servant. They were Private Secretary to Sir John A. Macdonald from 1882 to 1891 and Assistant Clerk to the Privy Council & Under Secretary of State for Canada from 1896 to 1926. From 1909 to 1925, they were the first permanent under-secretary of State for External Affairs.
Pope was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) during the visit to Canada of TRH the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York (later King George V and Queen Mary) in October 1901.
They were later knighted as a Knight Commander of the same order.
They married Marie-Louise-Joséphine-Henriette (Minette) Taschereau in Rivière-du-Loup, Que. on Oct 15, 1884. They had five sons and a daughter. One of their sons, Maurice Arthur Pope, later became a lieutenant general in the Canadian Army.
Pope's life story was edited and completed by their son Maurice Arthur Pope, and was published as "Public servant: the memoirs of Sir Joseph Pope" (Toronto, 1960). Sir Joseph tells the story of their conversion to the Roman Catholic faith in Why I Became a Catholic, published privately in 1921, and republished by Ignatius Press in 2001.
There is a Joseph Pope fonds at Library and Archives Canada.
References
External links
Sir Joseph Pope Biography at the Canadian Encyclopedia
Biography at the Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
1854 births
1926 deaths
19th-century Canadian civil servants
20th-century Canadian civil servants
Canadian Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Canadian Companions of the Imperial Service Order
Canadian Commanders of the Royal Victorian Order
Persons of National Historic Significance (Canada)
René Monse (28 September 1968 in Potsdam – 8 June 2017) was a German heavyweight boxer best known for having won a bronze medal at the world championships in 1995.
Monse died in 2017 after what their former promoter described as a lengthy illness.
Amateur
In 1995, the southpaw won third place at the World Championships in Berlin after losing to Vitali Klitschko. They also placed third in the 1996 European Championships. At the Olympics, they lost to Russian star Alexei Lezin.
Amateur highlights
East German Super Heavyweight Champion 1989, German Super Heavyweight Champion 1993, 1994
1990 3rd place at the World Cup in Dublin, Ireland. Lost the semifinal to Félix Savón (Cuba) by RET-1
1994 won the Military World Championships in Tunis, Tunisia with a Walkover win in the finalover Wladimir Klitschko (Ukraine).
1994 2nd place at the World Cup in Bangkok, Thailand. Results were:
Defeated Alexander Ermashevich (Belarus) PTS
Defeated Viktor Shtorm (Kazakhstan) PTS
Lost to Félix Savón RSC-4
1995 3rd place at the World Championships in Berlin, Germany. Lost the semifinal to Vitali Klitschko (Ukraine) PTS (5-6)
1995 3rd place at the Military World Championships in Rome, Italy. Results were:
Defeated Armen Khachatryan (Armenia) PTS (12-0)
Lost to Alexei Lezin (Russia) RSC-3
1996 competed at the Atlanta Olympics. Results were:
Defeated Said Ahmed Essayed (Egypt) PTS (12-9)
Lost to Alexei Lezin (Russia) PTS (5-9)
1996 3rd place at the European Championships in Vejle, Denmark. Lost the semifinal to Alexei Lezin (Russia).
Pro
As a professional, they had only a few highlights. They lost by points against compatriot Luan Krasniqi for the vacant European title in 2002 even though they scored a knockdown. They were stopped in the rematch in 2004 and retired with a record of 14-2 with 7 knockouts.
References
External links
1968 births
2017 deaths
Sportspeople from Potsdam
Olympic boxers of Germany
Heavyweight boxers
Boxers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
German male boxers
AIBA World Boxing Championships medalists
Beddington Lake is a lake in Washington County, Maine, United States. It is located less than east of the Hancock County border, near the town of Beddington and the intersection of Maine State Routes 9 and 193. The outflow and primary inflow to Beddington Lake is from the Narraguagus River. There are a number of unpaved roads and private residences surrounding the lake.
References
Lakes of Washington County, Maine
Glacial lakes of the United States
Lakes of Maine
Megalomyrmex drifti is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae. The species is widespread in tropical South America, north through Central America to southern Mexico.
M. drifti occurs in moist to wet forest habitats, in mature and second growth forest. Most collections are from below 600 m elevation, but collections from 1500 m cloud forest are known. Workers and occasionally queens are moderately abundant in Winkler samples of sifted litter.
References
External links
Myrmicinae
Insects described in 1961
Hymenoptera of South America
Hymenoptera of North America
Hans Haas (17 October 1906 – 14 May 1973) was an Austrian weightlifter who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics. They were born in Vienna.
In 1926, they became Austrian champion for the first time and in 1928 they won the gold medal in the lightweight class. Four years later at the 1932 Games they won the silver medal in the lightweight class. Dr. George Eisen of Nazareth College included Haas on their list of Jewish Olympic Medalists.
See also
List of select Jewish weightlifters
References
External links
1906 births
1973 deaths
Austrian male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Austria
Weightlifters at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Austria
Olympic silver medalists for Austria
World record setters in weightlifting
Sportspeople from Vienna
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Cimbilli is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
Ayr Township may refer to the following:
Ayr Township, Adams County, Nebraska, USA
Ayr Township, Fulton County, Pennsylvania, USA
Township of Ayr, Shire of Burdekin, North Queensland, Queensland, Australia; see Ayr, Queensland
See also
Ayr (disambiguation), including towns Ayr
Ayr County (disambiguation)
Ayrshire (disambiguation), Ayr Shire
Sai Ma (, ) is one of the ten subdistricts (tambon) of Mueang Nonthaburi District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand. Neighbouring subdistricts are (from north clockwise) Tha It, Bang Kraso, Suan Yai (across the Chao Phraya River), Bang Si Mueang, Bang Krang and Bang Rak Noi. In 2020 it had a total population of 23,742 people.
Administration
Central administration
The subdistrict is subdivided into 6 administrative villages (muban).
Local administration
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Sai Ma Town Municipality ().
References
External links
Website of Sai Ma Town Municipality
Tambon of Nonthaburi province
Populated places in Nonthaburi province
Nanhu station may refer to:
Nanhu station (Chongqing Rail Transit), a metro station on the Loop line, Chongqing, China
Nanhu station (Hangzhou Metro), a metro station on Line 16, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China
Nanhu station (Nanning Metro), a metro station on Line 1, Nanning, Guangxi, China
Alfred Ronald Dawson (born 5 June 1932) played hooker for Ireland. They were captain of the British and Irish Lions rugby union team on their 1959 tour to Australia, New Zealand and Canada.
Youth and club rugby
Dawson was born in Dublin, Ireland. They were educated in St. Andrew's College in Dublin, Dublin Institute of Technology Bolton Street where they qualified as an architect and they worked as such for the Bank of Ireland for most of their professional career. They were Chief Architect and Head of their Premises Division when they retired.
Dawson joined Wanderers F.C. in August 1950 and played their club rugby on the 1st XV between 1950 and 1965, was Captain for the 1955–56 season and Coach/Selector from 1964 to 1968. They were a member of the administrative Executive Committee from 1962 until they retired in 1994. They were President of the club for the 1991–92 season.
Dawson played provincial rugby 28 times for Leinster between 1958 and 1964 (during which they captained the side), was president during the 1972–73 season and was an administrator on the Leinster Branch Executive Committee from May 1965 until they retired in 1986.
Ireland
Dawson won the first of their 27 Irish caps in 1958, a match in which Ireland beat Australia and Ronnie scored a try – this being their only try and indeed points scored in an Irish jersey. Ronnie was Captain of the side on 11 occasions between 1958 and 1962 (including Captaining the 1961 Irish tour to South Africa) and retired from International rugby in 1964 (Ireland lost 6–27 to France in Colombes on 11 Apr 1964).
Dawson was a keen member of the Barbarians, playing 22 times on their Easter Tour and other matches between 1956 and 1965 (including the 1957 tour to South Africa). They selected and played for the Barbarians against several incoming touring teams, including Australia (1958), South Africa (1961 – being Captain of the only team to beat the 1961 Springboks) and New Zealand (1964). They were also a member of the Barbarians Committee for a number of years.
Dawson was Captain of the British Lions on their 1959 tour to Australia, New Zealand and Canada – playing in 6 Tests as Captain, they established a Lions record (which was later equalled by Martin Johnson). Notably, they were captain during the final test in Eden Park which the lions won 6–9, and remains the only victory home nations players have enjoyed in Eden Park (save for the victorious 1973 English team). They were unavailable as a player for the 1962 Lions tour to South Africa.
Administrator
Dawson was Assistant Manager/Coach in 1968 for the Lions tour to South Africa and was also a Lions selector.
Following their retirement from playing rugby union at the highest level, Dawson was instrumental in developing coaching of the game in Ireland, setting up coaching structures and was the first Irish coach – a role they undertook between 1969 and 1972 (including Coach to the 1970 Irish tour to Argentina). They were an International Selector from 1968 to 1972.
Dawson also moved into administration and was elected to the Irish Rugby Football Union (IRFU) Executive Committee in June 1970 and was President of the IRFU for the 1989–90 season (prior to their retirement from the IRFU Committee in 1994).  They are now a Trustee of the IRFU.
Dawson was an Irish representative on the (as it was then) Five Nations Committee and Committee of Home Unions from 1973 to 1994 – during this period they were elected to many roles, such as Chairman of Tours Committee, Chairman of Committee of Home Unions and Five Nations Committee. They were also an Irish representative on the International Rugby Board from 1974 to 1994 (being Chairman in 1983), was a member of the Rugby World Cup Organising Committee (for the first RWC tournament) in 1987 and the International Rugby Settlement (RWC Ltd.) between 1990–'94.
Their lifetime contribution to the game of rugby union was acknowledged by the International Rugby Board firstly in 2004, when they were awarded the Vernon Pugh Award for Distinguished Service and again in 2013, when they were inducted into the IRB Hall of Fame.
Their achievements were also recognised by the Dublin Institute of Technology (his alma mater), who conferred on them an Honorary Doctorate (Doctor of Philosophy) on 1 November 2014, in St. Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin.
References
External links
rugby statistics site
IRB 2013 Hall of Fame Induction
DIT Honorary Doctorate
Irish rugby union players
Ireland international rugby union players
Irish rugby union coaches
Leinster Rugby players
Wanderers F.C. (rugby union) players
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Ireland
Rugby union hookers
Rugby union players from County Dublin
1932 births
Living people
British & Irish Lions coaches
Barbarian F.C. players
World Rugby Hall of Fame inductees
Alumni of Dublin Institute of Technology
10th Street Market, also known as the Swan's Market, Oakland Free Market or the Sanitary Free Market, was a commercial market district in Oakland, California. 10th Street Market was built in 1917 and expanded in 1926. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on August 3, 2001. It is now known as Swan's Marketplaces, a mixed-use commercial and residential area. In 2001 Swan's Marketplace was awarded the Rudy Bruner Award for Urban Excellence silver medal.
See also
Cosecha, a restaurant at Swan's Market
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in California
Commercial buildings completed in 1917
National Register of Historic Places in Oakland, California
Paloumpa (, also Palouba) is a town in Arcadia, southern Greece. It is situated on a mountain slope overlooking the valley of the river Alfeios. It was the seat of the former municipality of Iraia. The town is in a remote area, but contains a post office and a KEP - Centre for Serving Citizens. The inhabitants are mainly concerned with animal husbandry. Paloumpa is 4 km southeast of Lyssarea and 9 km northwest of Dimitsana.
Landmarks
The town was almost completely leveled in an earthquake in the 1960s and as a result contains very little architecture from before this period.
Church of Saint George
The church was built in the nineteenth century on a basic basilica groundplan in a central location within the town. It is dedicated to Saint George, but celebrates on the Dormition of the Virgin. In 2004 a fire which was most likely caused by an unattended oil-lamp gutted the church destroying the exquisitely worked carved wooden iconostasis which had been granted as a gift by King Ludwig I of Bavaria, father of King Otto the first King of the newly established Independent Greek State. Work has commenced under the supervision of the local Ephorate of Byzantine Antiquities to repair the damage and re-roof the structure.
Church of Saint Panteleimon
The church is on the western edge of the town and is used as a cemetery church.
Church of Saint Paraskevi
The church is on the hill overlooking the town near a spring.
House of Dimitris Plapoutas
The House of the Revolutionary hero is very centrally located in the town. Once known as "ο πύργος" (The Tower) because it was the biggest house in the town, the house used to be a tri-level mansion with stables. The upper two levels were destroyed in a 1960s earthquake.
Famous inhabitants
Dimitris Plapoutas (1786-1864) general and politician
Liakos Liakopoulos
Panourgias Eliopoulos
References
Populated places in Arcadia, Peloponnese
Coins of the United States dollar (aside from those of the earlier Continental currency) were first minted in 1792. New coins have been produced annually and they make up a valuable aspect of the United States currency system. Today, circulating coins exist in denominations of 1¢ (i.e. 1 cent or $0.01), 5¢, 10¢, 25¢, 50¢, and $1.00. Also minted are bullion (including gold, silver and platinum) and commemorative coins. All of these are produced by the United States Mint. The coins are then sold to Federal Reserve Banks which in turn are responsible for putting coins into circulation and withdrawing them as demanded by the country's economy.
Current coinage
Today, four mints operate in the United States producing billions of coins each year. The main mint is the Philadelphia Mint, which produces circulating coinage, mint sets and some commemorative coins. The Denver Mint also produces circulating coinage, mint sets and commemoratives. The San Francisco Mint produces regular and silver proof coinage, and produced circulating coinage until the 1970s. The West Point Mint produces bullion coinage (including proofs). Philadelphia and Denver produce the dies used at all of the mints. The proof and mint sets are manufactured each year and contain examples of all of the year's circulating coins.
The producing mint of each coin may be easily identified, as most coins bear a mint mark. The identifying letter of the mint can be found on the front side of most coins, and is often placed near the year. Unmarked coins are issued by the Philadelphia mint. Among marked coins, Philadelphia coins bear a letter P. Denver coins bear a letter D, San Francisco coins bear a letter S, and West Point coins bear a letter W. S and W coins are rarely found in general circulation, although S coins bearing dates prior to the mid-1970s are in circulation. The CC, O, C, and D mint marks were used on gold and silver coins for various periods from the mid-19th century until the early 20th century by temporary mints in Carson City, Nevada; New Orleans, Louisiana; Charlotte, North Carolina; and Dahlonega, Georgia. Most such coins that still exist are now in the hands of collectors and museums.
Coins in circulation
Remarks
The mass and composition of the cent changed to the current copper-plated zinc core in 1982. Both types were minted in 1982 with no distinguishing mark. Cents minted in 1943 were struck on planchets punched from zinc-coated steel which left the resulting edges uncoated. This caused many of these coins to rust. These "steel pennies" are not likely to be found in circulation today, as they were later intentionally removed from circulation for recycling the metal and by collectors. However, cents minted from 1944 to 1946 were made from a special salvaged WWII brass composition to replace the steel cents, but still save material for the war effort, and are more common in circulation than their 1943 counterparts.
The wheat cent was mainstream and common during its time. Some dates are rare, but many can still be found in circulation. This is partially due to the fact that unlike the formerly silver denominations (dollar, half dollar, quarter, and dime), the composition of the pre-1982 cent, nearly pure copper, is not so much more valuable over face value for it to be hoarded to the extreme extent of the silver denominations.
Nickels produced from mid-1942 through 1945 were manufactured from 56% copper, 35% silver and 9% manganese. This allowed the saved nickel metal to be shifted to industrial production of military supplies during World War II. Few of these are still found in circulation.
Prior to 1965 and passage of the Coinage Act of 1965 the composition of the dime, quarter, half-dollar and dollar coins was 90% silver and 10% copper. The half-dollar continued to be minted in a 40% silver-clad composition between 1965 and 1970. Dimes and quarters from before 1965 and half-dollars from before 1971 are generally not in circulation due to being removed for their silver content. Some modern commemorative coins have been minted in the silver dollar denominations.
In 1975 and 1976 U.S. Bicentennial coinage was minted. Regardless of date of coining, each coin bears the dual date "1776-1976". The Quarter-Dollar, Half-Dollar and Dollar coins were issued in the copper 91.67% nickel 8.33% composition for general circulation and the Government issued six-coin Proof Set. A special three-coin set of 40% silver coins were also issued by the U.S. Mint in both Uncirculated and Proof.
Use of the half-dollar is not as widespread as that of other coins in general circulation; most Americans use dollar coins, quarters, dimes, nickels and cents only, as these are the only coins most often found in general circulation. When found, many 50¢ coins are quickly hoarded, spent, or brought to banks. As large numbers of half dollars are typically held by banks or available to order, they are often sought after by coin roll hunters for the purpose of searching for silver coins, proofs, and coins not intended for circulation.
The Presidential Dollar series features portraits of all deceased U.S. Presidents with four coin designs issued each year in the order of the president's inauguration date. These coins began circulating on February 15, 2007. Starting 2012, these coins have been minted only for collectible sets because of a large stockpile.
The Susan B. Anthony dollar coin was minted from 1979 to 1981 and 1999. The 1999 minting was in response to Treasury supplies of the dollar becoming depleted and the inability to accelerate the minting of the Sacagawea dollars by a year. 1981 Anthony dollars can sometimes be found in circulation from proof sets that were broken open, but these dollars were not minted with the intent that they circulate.
Although dollar coins have not been struck for circulation since 2011, the American Innovation dollar is considered a circulation coin by the US Mint.
Since 2019, each American Innovation dollar coin features a different privy mark, changed annually, located just below "IN GOD WE TRUST".
Bullion coins
Non-circulating bullion coins have been produced each year since 1986. They can be found in gold, silver, platinum (since 1997), and palladium (since 2017). The face value of these coins is legal as tender, but does not actually reflect the value of the precious metal contained therein. On May 11, 2011, Utah became the first state to accept these coins as the value of the precious metal in common transactions. The Utah State Treasurer assigns a numerical precious metal value to these coins each week based on the spot metal prices. The bullion coin types include "S" (San Francisco, 1986–1992), "P" (Philadelphia, 1993 – 2000), and "W" (West Point, New York, 2001–present).
Commemorative coins
Modern commemoratives have been minted since 1982. A list is available here.
Mint marks
List of current and past United States Mint branches and mint marks found on their coins:
Obsolete and canceled coins
Half cent: ¢, 1793–1857
Silver center cent: 1¢, 1792 (not circulated)
Large cent: 1¢, 1793–1857
Ring cent: 1¢, 1850–1851, 1853, 1884–1885 (not circulated)
Two-cent billon: 2¢, 1836 (not circulated)
Two-cent bronze: 2¢, 1863–1873
Three-cent bronze: 3¢, 1863 (not circulated)
Three-cent nickel: 3¢, 1865–1889
Trime (Three-cent silver): 3¢, 1851–1873
Half dime: 5¢, 1792–1873
Twenty-cent piece: 20¢, 1875–1878
Gold dollar: $1.00, 1849–1889 (some early commemoratives were minted in this denomination)
Quarter eagle: $2.50, 1792–1929 (some early commemoratives were minted in this denomination)
Three-dollar piece: $3.00, 1854–1889
Stella: $4.00, 1879–1880 (not circulated)
Half eagle: $5.00, 1795–1929 (some modern commemoratives are minted in this denomination)
Eagle: $10.00, 1795–1933 (some modern commemoratives are minted in this denomination)
Double eagle: $20.00, 1849–1933
Half-union: $50.00, 1877 (not circulated, some early commemoratives were minted in this denomination)
Union: $100.00 (planned but not minted, some modern commemoratives are minted in this denomination)
The law governing obsolete, mutilated, and worn coins and currency, including types which are no longer in production (e.g. Indian cents), can be found in .
Note: It is a common misconception that "eagle"-based nomenclature for gold U.S. coinage was merely slanged. The "eagle," "half-eagle" and "quarter-eagle" were specifically given these names in the Coinage Act of 1792. Likewise, the double eagle was specifically created as such by name ("An Act to authorize the Coinage of Gold Dollars and Double Eagles", title and section 1, March 3, 1849).
Mill coins
Although the term mill (also mil or mille) was defined in the eighteenth century as of a dollar or 0.1¢, no coin smaller than 0.5¢ has ever been officially minted in the U.S. However, unofficial mill coins, also called "tenth cent" or "tax-help coins", made of diverse materials—plastic, wood, tin, and others—were produced as late as the 1960s by some states, localities, and private businesses for tax payments and to render change for small purchases.
See also
50 State Quarters
California gold coinage
Federal Reserve Note, for U.S. banknotes
United States Mint coin sizes
Penny debate in the United States
Modern United States commemorative coins
United States commemorative coin
United States coinage type set
Notes
References
External links
United States Mint
Page of 1792 Mint and Coinage Act (Describes the first completely regulated U.S. coinage system)
"A Peculiar Stamp of Our Owne": The Massachusetts Mint and the Battle over Sovereignty" by Jonathan Barth
no:Amerikanske dollarmynter
The Government House or House of Government (, ) is a government building in Minsk located on Independence Square. It houses the National Assembly of Belarus and its two chambers: the Council of the Republic and the House of Representatives (located in the right wing). The National Assembly is one of the highest organs of national power and symbolism in the country. It was built in 1934 and designed by Iosif Langbard. It stands behind a statue of Vladimir Lenin and is one of the few buildings that survived the Great Patriotic War.
History
The Government House was built between 1930 and 1934, becoming a vivid example of the constructivism architectural style as the largest public building of the pre-war Byelorussian SSR. In 1929, a competition for design of a new government workplace in Minsk took place, with the winner being Iosif Langbard, a native of the Grodno Region. The building was part of a project led by Langbard in that area which included a square (now known as Independence Square) used for civil/military parades on public holidays and a central grandstand for party leaders. They won the honorary title of Honored Artist of the Byelorussian SSR as a result of their work. Busts of Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels were sculpted and installed on the sides of the stairs leading to the premises of the Supreme Soviet. At the request of Langbard, a statue to Russian statesman and revolutionary Vladimir Lenin was erected in front of the house and the square, becoming the tallest of its kind in the entire USSR.
During the German occupation of Byelorussia during World War II, the headquarters of the local Gestapo was housed at Government House. The statue of Lenin was toppled, leaving only a pedestal with bas-reliefs, and brought to Germany where it was melted. In 1945, the monument was restored after Victory in Europe Day using the original casting preserved in Leningrad. Between 1938 and 1940 the House of Soviets, a building identical to the Government House in Minsk, was bult in Mogilev due to the idea of moving the capital of the Byelorussian SSR to that city. The architect was once again Langbard. After the war the Mogilev City Council was seated there.
Events held at Government House
First presidential inauguration
The first presidential inauguration was held in the halls of Government House, on 20 July 1994, exactly ten days after the 1994 Belarusian presidential election in which Alexander Lukashenko was declared president. A special meeting of the Supreme Soviet was held in the building Oval Hall of Parliament, where the white-red-white flag and the Pahonia coat of arms hanging in front of all. At exactly 10:00 in the morning, the ceremony began, with Lukashenko first taking oath of loyalty before delivering a short speech in Russian.
State of the Nation
The State of the Nation Address is an annual speech given by the Belarusian President to both houses of parliament outline the state of the Belarusian republic, similar to the American State of the Union speech.
Gallery
See also
House of Moscow Oblast Government
Government House, Yerevan
Government House, Lviv
Independence Avenue
References
External links
Площадь Независимости / дом правительства
У парадного подъезда. Дом правительства в Минске
Дом правительства Республики Беларусь (Фотографии)
1934 establishments in the Soviet Union
Government buildings completed in 1934
Buildings and structures in Minsk
Government of Belarus
Government buildings in Belarus
Legislative buildings in Europe
Constructivist architecture
Tau Islands () is a small group of islands and rocks which lie immediately off the northeast extremity of Eta Island in the Melchior Islands, Palmer Archipelago. The name, derived from the 19th letter of the Greek alphabet, appears to have been first used on a 1946 Argentine government chart following surveys of the islands by Argentine expeditions in 1942 and 1943.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of the Palmer Archipelago
Catopyla is a monotypic snout moth genus described by John David Bradley in 1968. Its only species, Catopyla dysorphnaea, was described by the same author in the same year and is known from Nigeria.
The larvae feed on maize, Khaya ivorensis and Lovoa trichilioides. At first, they feed within individual seeds, but then move from fruit to fruit.
References
Phycitinae
Monotypic moth genera
Moths of Africa
Bandiin Dambiinyam (; July 15, 1923 – October 9, 2001), State Merited Architect
(Монгол улсын гавьат архитектор)
Dambiinyam broke with Soviet-influenced Socialist architecture by incorporating elements of traditional Mongolian design in their work, such as the Urt Tsagaan service district; the pavilion for the Pioneer Palace; the facades of State Department Store, Bacteriological Institute, and 'Gutalyn 22' residential apartments; the B. Tserendorj monument; and the Mongolian traditional felt ‘ger' home design on the dome of the State Bank building.
Many of Dambiinyam's projects focused on public services such as the Orphan Center and School; the Ministry of Geology, Mining, and Industry; the Chingeltei District Fire Station; the Vystavka Exhibition Center; city halls; hotels; and health and wellness resorts throughout the Mongolian countryside.
1933-1941 Secondary school, Altanbulag, Selenge
1941-1946 Ministry of the Interior, Ulaanbaatar
1946-1956 Moscow Architectural Institute
1956-1957 Architect, City Planning, Ulaanbaatar
1956-1963 Founding Member, Union of Mongolian Architects
1957-1961 Director, Mongolian Architects Institute
1961-1967 Professor and Dean, Architecture, Mongolian State University, Ulaanbaatar
1967-1971 Director, Architectural Research Institute
1971-1984 Professor and Dean, Polytechnic University, Ulaanbaatar
1984-2001 Professor Emeritus, Mongolian State University, Ulaanbaatar
1984-2001 Architect Consultant, various projects
References
1923 births
2001 deaths
Mongolian architects
Moscow Architectural Institute faculty
Biotinylated retinoids are derivatives of retinol (vitamin A) carrying a biotin group for use in the isolation and purification of Retinol Binding Proteins involved in the visual cycle. The first biotinylated retinoid was synthesized in 2002 and was used in the isolation and characterization of RPE65.
Notes and references
Retinoids
Karel Poborský (; born 30 March 1972) is a Czech former professional footballer who played as a right winger. They were most noted for their technical ability and pace.
They began and finished their club career at Dynamo České Budějovice, where their kit number (8) is retired in their honour. They also won the Czech First League titles at the two largest clubs in Prague - Slavia and Sparta. Between these domestic triumphs, they won a Premier League title at Manchester United and also played for Benfica and Lazio.
After Petr Čech, Poborský ranks second in appearances for the Czech national team, with 118 between 1994 and 2006, retiring from international football after playing at the country's first World Cup. They also played in three European Championships, being named in the Team of the Tournament at UEFA Euro 1996 after helping the Czechs to the final.
Club career
Poborský began playing professionally with České Budějovice, FK Viktoria Žižkov and SK Slavia Prague (the season Patrik Berger left for Borussia Dortmund).
Poborský was one of a number of the Czech squad at UEFA Euro 1996 who left the Czech Republic to play in another country after the tournament. In July 1996 they signed with Manchester United but, due to David Beckham's rising stardom, Poborský would only manage one-and-a-half seasons at Old Trafford. They did collect a Premier League title winner's medal in the 1996–97 season, however, playing in 22 out of 38 league games and scoring four goals, also helping United reach the Champions League semi-finals.
In January 1998, they left for Primeira Divisão side Benfica, where they were at their best form, playing alongside João Pinto, and became an instant hit and a fan favourite.
After a string of impressive performances, Poborský moved sides in January 2001, joining Serie A's Lazio. Whilst at Lazio they played a key role in the destination of the 2001–02 Serie A title. On the final day of the season Inter Milan were playing at Lazio knowing a win would give them the title. However Lazio won 4–2, with Poborský scoring twice, and the title went to Juventus instead. In July 2002, they returned to their homeland, signing with Sparta Prague, where they became the highest-paid footballer playing in the Czech Republic. They subsequently returned to their first club, Dynamo České Budějovice, scoring two goals and setting up a third on the way to a 4–0 victory against Sigma Olomouc B in their first match. They retired on 28 May 2007 after a match against another former side, Slavia Prague.
International career
Poborský's first international appearance, against Turkey on 23 February 1994, was also the first match for the Czech team after the partition of Czechoslovakia. They played for their country at Euro 96, where they were one of the most valuable players of the entire tournament, Euro 2000, and Euro 2004, and was also in the nation's squad for the 2006 World Cup. After the 2006 World Cup, Poborský retired from international competition.
Following their 2007 club retirement, Poborský started working as a technical leader for the national team.
Poborský lob
Poborský's name is often attached to their performance in Euro 96, where during the quarter-final match against Portugal, they chipped the ball and lobbed it over the advancing Vítor Baía. The goal became a trademark shot for Poborský, as that shooting style was soon attributed to him.
In 2008, it was voted the best individual goal in the Carlsberg goal of the day poll on Euro2008.com. As a club player, Poborský scored a similar goal against Porto (again with Vítor Baía as the goalkeeper) while at Benfica.
Personal life
In 2016, Poborský was put into a medically-induced coma after contracting a brain infection that left the muscles in their face paralysed and with a hypersensitivity to light. They spent three weeks quarantined in hospital before making a full recovery, but they said if they had arrived at the hospital a day later, they might have died.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
International
Scores and results list Czech Republic's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Poborský goal.
Honours
Slavia Prague
Czech First League: 1995–96
Manchester United
FA Premier League: 1996–97
FA Charity Shield: 1996, 1997
Sparta Prague
Czech First League: 2002–03, 2004–05
Czech Cup: 2003–04
Czech Republic
UEFA European Championship runner-up: 1996
FIFA Confederations Cup third place: 1997
Individual
Czech Footballer of the Year: 1996 (shared with Patrik Berger)
Czech First League Best eleven of the season: 1995–96, 2002–03, 2003–04, 2004–05
UEFA Team of the Tournament: UEFA Euro 1996
Top assist provider: UEFA Euro 1996 (3 assists, shared with Youri Djorkaeff), UEFA Euro 2004 (4 assists)
Czech Footballer of the Year personality of the Czech First League: 2003, 2004, 2005
See also
List of men's footballers with 100 or more international caps
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
People from Třeboň
Association football midfielders
Czech footballers
Czech expatriate footballers
FK Viktoria Žižkov players
SK Slavia Prague players
SK Dynamo České Budějovice players
AC Sparta Prague players
Premier League players
Manchester United F.C. players
Primeira Liga players
S.L. Benfica footballers
Serie A players
S.S. Lazio players
Czech Republic international footballers
UEFA Euro 1996 players
1997 FIFA Confederations Cup players
UEFA Euro 2000 players
UEFA Euro 2004 players
2006 FIFA World Cup players
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in England
Czech expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
FIFA Century Club
Czech First League players
Sportspeople from the South Bohemian Region
Julien Duvivier (8 October 1896, in Lille – 29 October 1967, in Paris) was a French film director. They rose to prominence in French cinema in the silent era, and directed some of the most notable films of the poetic realism in the 1930s, such as La belle équipe and Pépé le Moko. During World War II they worked in the United States. They returned to France with Panique in 1946 and continued to work in Europe for the rest of their career. They had a big commercial success with The Little World of Don Camillo which had 12.8 million admissions in 1952. Their last film was Diabolically Yours from 1967.
Filmography
References
Duvivier, Julien
Duvivier, Julien
Preparedness Act may refer to:
Special Preparedness Fund Act of 1917 (U.S.)
Pandemic Preparedness and Response Act (U.S.) of 2005
Public Readiness and Emergency Preparedness Act (U.S.) of 2005
Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Act (U.S.) of 2006
Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act of 2013 (U.S.)
Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act (U.S.) of 2019
Coronavirus Preparedness and Response Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2020 (U.S.)
See also
Preparedness (disambiguation)
The Bill Kettner was San Diego, California's first fireboat.
They were a and staffed by a crew of seven. They were named after William Kettner, who was then San Diego's Congressional Representative.
The San Diego fire department's history asserts that the Bill Kettner was the first gasoline-powered fireboat in the world. Them pumps could project 6000 gallons per minute. They served from 1919 to 1961.
The vessel was wooden-hulled.
See also
Fireboats in San Diego
References
Fireboats of California
Émile Counord station is located online of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Junctions
There are no junctions with other lines or buses at this station.
Close by
See also
TBC
Tramway de Bordeaux
Bordeaux tramway stops
Tram stops in Bordeaux
Railway stations in France opened in 2007
The Asian Men's Volleyball Championship was the sixteenth staging of the Asian Men's Volleyball Championship, a biennial international volleyball tournament organised by the Asian Volleyball Confederation (AVC) with Islamic Republic of Iran Volleyball Federation (IRIVF). The tournament was held in Tehran, Iran from 21 to 29 September 2011.
Venues
Pools composition
The teams are seeded by addition of ranking of 2009 Asian Men's Volleyball Championship and FIVB World Rankings divided by 2.
Preliminary round
Pool A
|}
|}
Pool B
|}
|}
Pool C
|}
|}
Pool D
|}
|}
Classification round
The results and the points of the matches between the same teams that were already played during the preliminary round shall be taken into account for the classification round.
Pool E
|}
|}
Pool F
|}
|}
Pool G
|}
|}
Pool H
|}
|}
Classification 13th–16th
Semifinals
|}
15th place
|}
13th place
|}
Classification 9th–12th
Semifinals
|}
11th place
|}
9th place
|}
Final round
Quarterfinals
|}
5th–8th semifinals
|}
Semifinals
|}
7th place
|}
5th place
|}
3rd place
|}
Final
|}
Final standing
Team Roster
<center>Javad Mohammadinejad, Amir Hosseini, Mehdi Bazargard, Mohammad Mousavi, Hamzeh Zarini, Farhad Zarif, Alireza Nadi, Farhad Nazari Afshar, Mehdi Mahdavi, Arash Keshavarzi, Arash Kamalvand, Amir Ghafour
Head Coach: Julio Velasco
Awards
MVP: Arash Kamalvand
Best Scorer: Jeon Kwang-in
Best Spiker: Nathan Roberts
Best Blocker: Liang Chunlong
Best Server: Kim Yo-han
Best Setter: Amir Hosseini
Best Libero: Farhad Zarif
References
External links
16th Asian Sr. Men's Volleyball Championship
A
Asian men's volleyball championships
V
V
The Knights of Columbus Vatican Film Library in St. Louis, Missouri is the only collection, outside the Vatican itself, of microfilms of more than 37,000 works from the Biblioteca Apostolica Vaticana, the Vatican Library in Europe. It is located in the Pius XII Memorial Library on the campus of Saint Louis University.
History
The Library was created by Lowrie J. Daly (1914–2000), with funding from the Knights of Columbus. The goal was to make Vatican and other documents more available to researchers in North America.
Microfilming of Vatican manuscripts began in 1951, and according to the Library's website, was the largest microfilming project that had been undertaken up to that date. From 1951 to 1957, twelve million manuscript pages were recorded, from 30,000 different works. This represents approximately 75% of the manuscripts available in the targeted language groups. Other microfilm projects in the 1950s included Jesuit archival material from Rome, archives in both North America and South America, and the Philippines.
The Library opened in 1953, and moved to the St. Louis University campus, in the Pius XII Memorial Library, in 1959. The first librarian was Charles J. Ermatinger, who served until 2000.
As of 2007, the Library has microfilmed versions of over 37,000 manuscripts, with material in Greek, Latin, Arabic, Hebrew and Ethiopic, as well as several more common Western European languages. There are reproductions of many works from the Biblioteca Palatina and Biblioteca Cicognara at the Vatican, as well as Papal letter registers from the Archivio Segreto Vaticano (Vatican Secret Archives) from the 9th to 16th centuries, in the series Registra Vaticana and Registra Supplicationium.
The Film Library also collects manuscript catalogs and handwritten inventories of Vatican Library manuscripts, as well as those of other libraries, including a collection of microfilmed copies of over 2,500 medieval and renaissance manuscripts from other libraries, over 20,000 incunabula (early printed books), and 52,000 color slides of illuminated manuscripts.
The collection also includes many hardcopy works on the subjects of palaeography, codicology, illumination, and other topics related to manuscript studies.
Conference
The Library hosts an annual conference on Manuscript Studies, which is held in St. Louis in mid-October.
Journal
Manuscripta is a biannual academic journal published by the library. Established in 1957, it covers topics related to the study of medieval and renaissance manuscripts. The journal is printed and distributed by Brepols Publishers and is edited by Gregory Pass.
References
Libraries in Greater St. Louis
Medieval studies
Renaissance manuscripts
Saint Louis University
Knights of Columbus
Vatican Library
Buildings and structures in St. Louis
Libraries in Missouri
1953 establishments in Missouri
Archives in the United States
The Immaculate Conception Church is a Catholic church in Italian Renaissance Revival style located at 500 E. Blaine Street in Iron Mountain, Michigan, US. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1979 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. It is also known as Mary Immaculate of Lourdes Church.
History
In the late 19th century a flood of Italian immigrants arrived in Iron Mountain to work in the nearby iron mines. These Italian Catholics first worshipped at St. Joseph's in downtown Iron Mountain. However, in 1890, those living on the north side of the city organized an "Italian Church," and received permission to start their own parish. That year, they constructed a frame structure near the site of the present church and a priest was assigned to the parish. The original frame church burned down in 1893, but work quickly began on a replacement.
In April 1902 Father Giovanni Sinopoli di Giunta arrived in Iron Mountain to serve as the parish priest. Father Sinopoli was a former count from Sicily who had renounced their title in order to serve Italian immigrants in the United States. The new priest quickly organized a building committee to fund the construction of a new church and drew up plans for the building himself. A donation drive quickly raised nearly US$4,000, and in June 1902 Father Sinopoli began digging the foundation himself. In July the cornerstone was laid, and construction on the church continued quickly. Father Sinopoli acted as engineer, architect, and building supervisor, and numerous men from the parish volunteered their labor. The superintendent of the local Pewabic Mine donated timber and sent workers to assist in construction, paying their salaries out of their own pocket. The church was completed in December, 1902, and on January 1, 1903, was dedicated to Mary Immaculate of Lourdes.
Father Sinopoli stayed with the parish for only one year, but left an organized church with a new building. Further improvements and additions were made through the years. In 1923 a rectory was built for the church. In 1942 catechism classes were organized; these classes evolved into year-round education, and in 1955 the parish opened a school which eventually served children in the first through eighth grades. Both Tom Izzo and Steve Mariucci attended the Immaculate Conception school in the first grade. In 1971 the school consolidated with other nearby Catholic schools, and the Immaculate Conception school housed first through third grades. In 1990 the schools were consolidated further, and all classes were taught downtown. The former Immaculate Conception school was leased to the Iron Mountain school district.
Significant upgrades were made to the church in the 1960s, and the exterior was repaired in the 1980s. The church was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1979 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
Description
This church, similar to Renaissance parish churches in Italy, echoes the architectural traditions of the Italian immigrants who built it. It is a rectangular plan church with a central nave, constructed of random coursed sandstone. The main church has a gable-end pitched roof, with a two-story hipped-roof section at the rear. A striking octagonal bell tower, fashioned after a campanile and topped with a pierced belfry, is also located at the rear of the structure. Unusual timber trusses support a wooden barrel-vaulted ceiling. Stained glass windows, at least three of which were made by the Menominee Stained Glass Works, are set in bricked arched window wells and light the nave.
The front facade has two blind arches, flanked by pilasters, framing the central entrance. Shorter side bays on each side are joined to the main facade with curved walls which obscure the gable end of the roof. Two niches hold statues of saints.
See also
References
External links
Parish information and history from the Catholic Diocese of Marquette
Churches in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Marquette
Buildings and structures in Dickinson County, Michigan
Italian-American culture in Michigan
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1902
Michigan State Historic Sites
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Michigan
Renaissance Revival architecture in Michigan
National Register of Historic Places in Dickinson County, Michigan
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
Electrecord is a Romanian record label which was founded in 1932. It was subsequently transformed into the national recording company following the socialist doctrine of centralization and was the only record label in Communist Romania.
History
Communist times
To avoid disc importing from Western Europe and the U.S., Electrecord was often demanded to release copies of some of the discs released abroad (just as recording companies in U.S.S.R. were doing themselves). Even today it is the subject of many anecdotes complaining about the bad quality of Romanian discs; a comparison between an import and a local copy would be the most eloquent proof.
Electrecord had to balance the government's demands with those of listeners and musicians. Despite the poor quality of recordings and the lack of information on disc covers, Electrecord released a number of collection discs of which the most successful were the Formaţii de muzică pop series (translated "pop music bands"), which became Formaţii rock – "rock bands" starting with number four.
Contemporary
Beginning in 1990, Electrecord lost market share as record companies formed. But some of the groups who recorded for the label continued. Most discs released by Electrecord after 1990 were either greatest hits albums extracted from older recordings or remastered versions of LPs.
In June 2017, Electrecord released the album Songbird by pop singer-songwriter NAVI.
Roster
See also
List of record labels
References
External links
1932 establishments in Romania
Classical music record labels
Electronic music record labels
IFPI members
Jazz record labels
Pop record labels
Record labels established in 1932
Rock record labels
Romanian record labels
World music record labels
Socialist Republic of Romania
State-owned record labels
EMIGMA is a geophysics interpretation software platform developed by Petros Eikon Incorporated for data processing, simulation, inversion and imaging as well as other associated tasks. The software focuses on non-seismic applications and operates only on the Windows operating system.
It supports files standard to the industry, instrument native formats as well as files used by other software in the industry such as AutoCAD, Google Earth and Oasis montaj.
There is a free version of EMIGMA called EMIGMA Basic developed to allow viewing of databases created by licensed users. It does not allow data simulation nor modeling nor data import.
The software is utilized by geoscientists for exploration and delineating purposes in mining,
oil and gas
and groundwater as well as hydrologists,
environmental engineers,
archaeologists
and academic institutions
for research purposes. Principal contributors to the software are R. W. Groom,
H. Wu, E. Vassilenko,
R. Jia, C. Ottay and C. Alvarez.
EMIGMA tools
Forward simulation of geophysical models
These applications were the initial motivation for the platform
and are still given attention in new releases.
Geological models can be simulated for a variety of geophysical measurement systems such as conventional dipole-dipole, , time domain electromagnetics(TEM), Magnetotellurics(MT), /, magnetic, gravity, resistivity and induced polarization systems. Surveys can be airborne, ground, down a hole, crosshole, underwater or on the water. A survey is defined by properties related to a transmitter, a receiver and other system properties. The system and survey parameters are stored with the input data allowing the user freedom from continually specifying these parameters for every model. Synthetic measurements at the receiver due to the model are what are calculated during a simulation. Early versions of EMIGMA could simulate the responses of 3d blocks, thin plates and the response of a much layered earth model. Simulation algorithms now include one for a sphere model, and alternate algorithms for thin plates and various algorithms for 3D prisms and polyhedra.
Blocks and polyhedra components of a model are simulated by algorithms based on the LN approximation.
When compared with a real world electromagnetic system, it has been found that simulation results for a thin plate tended to agree in some situations. One case study required other algorithms for initial analysis of data due to EMIGMA's complexity. EMIGMA was then used when the limitations of the other software was reached. EMIGMA is the only commercial EM modelling tool that can model a thick prism, a complex polyhedron as well as a thin plate. Another advantage is the ability to simulate the response of multiple types of targets on more than one profile.
Inversion of geophysical data
A model response can be simulated and compared to a measured response adjusted by the user and repeated. But another approach, which is often taken, is to make this process for forward simulation and model adjustment automatic. After enough iterations, a model can be found that has a response that matches the measured response within a limit specified by the user. This is termed inversion.
Petros Eikon has been developing inversion processes for almost 2 decades. Initial inversion procedures provided one dimensional (1D)models for frequency domain electromagnetic data both controlled source and natural field for ground and airborne data.
Later, capabilities for 3d inversion were added.
1D inversion determines the model for a single station. It is available for FEM, TEM, MT, CSAMT and Resistivity data. This process can be repeated for each station that exists to produce what is termed inversion sections.
3D inversion determines the properties of a model in the form of a network of 3d cells. This tool is available for magnetic, gravity, MT, CSEM, CSAMT and Resistivity data. Petros Eikon has moved from standard steepest descent inversion techniques to a Trust Region technique.
3D visualization
The design of a survey, geological model and data can be displayed in 3D. The geometry and parameters of model structures can be edited in 3D space. Measured and synthetic data can be viewed in different formats including vectors, lines, surfaces and contours in association with the models. Results from inversion tools can be displayed as a volume.
2D plotter
A plotter designed to analyze geophysical data. Data can be displayed on a 2D axis as a function of time, frequency, position or tx-rx separation. Measured data can be compared with simulated and inverted data by displaying multiple plots on the same axis or calculating a residual plot. Data can be converted to different properties such as apparent resistivity.
Survey editor
The design of a survey is displayed on a two dimensional X-Y (North/South)display including transmitters and data stations. Data stations and models can be interactively edited. Files from mapping software can be imported to display the survey overlaid on a map. Projections of models can also be displayed. The application allows export to GIS graphic formats.
Gridding
Multiple data can be interpolated into a multi-dimensional grid to allow viewing of maps of such things as multi-time windows or multi-transmitter receiver settings. Grid cells need not be square but may be rectangular to correspond to different spatial densities of stations and lines.
Data can be interpolated to a defined grid and viewed in Grid Presentation and a 3D contour application. Grid Presentation also supports map overlays from other mapping software as well as export to all the common geophysical mapping software.
Other tools
The data spreadsheet displays survey data in a spreadsheet format. Data can be edited. PseudoShow displays
data from a series of points as a cross-section by assigning tx-rx separation, frequency or time values to depth. The tool calculates resistivity for frequency domain and helicopter data collected at different transmitter frequencies. Results can be displayed in the CDI viewer that also displays 1d inversion results. The poly generator creates synthetic topography and complex anomalies for modeling. Models can also be imported from CAD applications. FFT processing is available for gravity and magnetic data including derivative generation, windowing and upward/downward continuation. Other tools provide features such as digital and spatial data filtering as well as survey editing.
Version history
EMIGMA 1
Released in 1994. DOS application to simulate EM responses of a thin-sheet.
EMIGMA 5
Released in 1997. WINDOWS 95/NT application. Simulation of geophysical models for various EM systems such as surface and borehole TDEM, airborne and ground FDEM, IP/Resistivity, Magnetotellurics, and CSAMT as a controlled source application. The earliest commercial example of a 3D modeling CSEM application. Application included plotting and visualization capabilities.
EMIGMA 6
This version featured forward simulation, 2d and 3d plotting, contouring, a pseudosection tool, 1d inversion of FEM, MT and CSAMT data and 3d inversion of magnetic data. This design has since been renamed and is now sold as GeoTutor for educational purposes. GeoTutor is now in its 5th version as GeoTutor 5.
EMIGMA 7
Released in 2000, EMIGMA 7 changed the manner in which data was stored.
The basic stored data structure was changed from an ASCII text file structure in a full relational database. With a database structure it was now possible to add many associated tools such as a range of filtering and editing tools.
New geophysical features added included source conductivity depth imaging, 1d TEM inversion, Euler deconvolution, FFT tools for magnetic and gravity data, 3d resistivity inversion and magnetization vector inversion.
EMIGMA 8
Full compatibility with Windows Vista was added to EMIGMA with the April 2008 release of version 8.
Support was added for new data collection instruments. Other new features include the freespace eikplate simulation algorithm,
inversion tools for MT and CSAMT and more efficient inversion algorithms.
EMIGMA 9
October 2015 was the release date of EMIGMA 9. A new Fortran compiler was used to rebuild the algorithm code for numerical algorithms such as 3D magnetic and gravity inversion, data interpolation and freespace plate simulation, increasing the scale of problems that could be processed and increasing speed by 5 times.
New features were also added to the 1d TEM inversion tool
and IP modeling.
References
Microsoft Windows
Science software
Proprietary software
Vinh Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Vinh, Vietnam. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Sông Lam Nghệ An F.C. The stadium holds 12,000 people.
References
External links
Stadium information
Vinh
Vinh
Buildings and structures in Nghệ An province
Fraternitatis Rosae Crucis may refer to:
Ancient Mystical Order Rosae Crucis
Fraternitas Rosae Crucis
Rosicrucian
Muhammad Akhtar Khan Kanju is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from August 2010 to 2013. Previously they had been a member of the National Assembly from 2002 to 2007.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-155 (Lodhran-II) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q) in 2002 Pakistani general election. They received 103,209 votes and defeated Rana Rab Nawaz Noon, a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP).
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-155 (Lodhran-II) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N) in 2008 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 41,642 votes and lost the seat to Hayat Ullah Khan Tareen, a candidate of PPP.
They were elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-155 (Lodhran-II) as a candidate of PML-N in by-polls held in August 2010. They received 79,744 votes and defeated Nawab Hayatullah Tareen, a candidate of PPP.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-155 (Lodhran-II) as a candidate of PML-N in 2013 Pakistani general election, but was unsuccessful. They received 60,524 votes and lost the seat to Abdul Rehman Khan Kanju.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
The industry minister is a cabinet position in a government.
The title may refer to the head of the governmental department that specializes in industry. This position may also be responsible for trade and employment, areas that fall under the ministries of commerce and labour in some governments. Depending on the country, the industry minister may have a wide range of responsibilities that could include making decisions regarding utilities and electricity production, presiding over business mergers, and lobbying corporations to build facilities in their or their respective country.
In the United States, industry is the responsibility of the Secretary of Commerce, with an Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security specifically tasked with executing policy regarding industry. In the United Kingdom, the minister of industry is called the Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills, and bears the secondary title President of the Board of Trade.
Country-related articles and lists
: Minister for Industry
: Minister of Economy
: Ministry of Development, Industry and Foreign Trade (Brazil)
: Ministry of Energy, Manpower and Industry
: Minister of Innovation, Science and Industry
: Minister of Industry and Information Technology
: Minister of Commerce, Industry and Tourism
: Ministry of Industry and Trade
: Minister of Industry and Foreign Trade
: European Commissioner for Industry and Entrepreneurship
: Minister of the Economy, Industry and Employment
: Minister for Trade and Industry
: Minister of Industry, Energy, and Tourism
: Minister of Commerce and Industry
: Minister of Industry
: Minister of Industries and Mines
: Minister of Industry
: Minister for Enterprise, Trade and Employment
: Minister of Economic Development
: Industry, Trade and Labour Minister
: Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry
: Minister of Industry and Commerce
: Minister of International Trade and Industry
: Minister of Trade and Industry
: Minister for Economic Development
: Minister of Trade and Industry
: Minister of Industry
: Minister of Industry
: Minister of Trade and Industry
: Minister of Commerce, Industry and Energy
: Minister of Industry, Trade, and Tourism
: Minister of Industry
: Minister of Industry
: Minister of Industry and Trade
: Minister of Industry
: Minister of Industry and Commerce
: Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills
: Secretary of Commerce
Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security
: Minister of Industry and Trade
: Minister of Industry and Commerce
: Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources
See also
Ministry of Commerce (including Ministry of Industry)
Commerce minister
Notes and references
Industry
Dastgerdan () may refer to:
Dastgerdan, Razavi Khorasan
Baghat-e Dastgerdan, Razavi Khorasan Province
Dastgerdan, South Khorasan
Dastgerdan District, in South Khorasan Province
Dastgerdan Rural District, in South Khorasan Province
See also
Dastgerd (disambiguation)
The 2019 Merlion Cup is an international men's under-23 football competition organised by the Football Association of Singapore (FAS).
Participants
The following are the participants in this year's tournament:
(Host)
Venue
Squads
A final squad of 23 players (three of whom must be goalkeepers) must be registered one day before the first match of the tournament.
Fixtures
Bracket
The draw for the tournament was held on 16 May 2019.
Semi-finals
Third place match
Final
Final standing
Statistics
Awards
Goalscorers
References
Merlion Cup
Thomas Marrison (1881–1926) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Bristol City, Nottingham Forest, Oldham Athletic and The Wednesday.
References
1881 births
1926 deaths
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Rotherham Town F.C. (1899) players
Nottingham Forest F.C. players
Oldham Athletic A.F.C. players
Bristol City F.C. players
Nagyoroszi is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
Folkfuck folie ("Folkfuck Folly") is the second album by French black metal band Peste Noire. A limited vinyl version co-produced by Northern Heritage and De profundis éditions was released in April 2010. It includes a long 2007 interview answered by Famine.
Track listing
Credits
La Sale Famine de Valfunde – all guitars, vocals
Indria – bass
Winterhalter – drums
Neige – guitar, vocals on "La Césarienne"
La sale Famine de Valfunde – artwork and concept
References
Peste Noire albums
2007 albums
The oldest profession in the world (or the world's oldest profession) is a phrase that, unless another meaning is specified, refers to prostitution. However, it did not start to acquire that meaning until 1889, after a Rudyard Kipling story, and it did not do so universally until after World War I. Formerly, various professions vied for the reputation of being the oldest.
Earlier senses
The claim to be the oldest profession was made on behalf of farmers, cattle drovers, horticulturalists, barbers, engineers, landscape gardeners, the military, doctors, nurses, teachers, priests, lay preachers and even lawyers.
Perhaps the earliest recorded claim to be the world's oldest profession was made on behalf of tailors. The Song in Praise of the Merchant-Taylors, attested from 1680, which was routinely performed at pageants at the Lord Mayor's Show, London, if the current mayor happened to belong to the tailors' guild, began:
Of all the professions that ever were nam'd,
The taylor's, though slighted, is much to be fam'd':
For various invention, and antiquity,
No trade with the tayler's comparèd may be:
After pointing out that Adam and Eve made garments for themselves, and were therefore tailors, it continued:
Then judge if a tayler was not the first trade.
The oldest profession, and they are but raylers,
Who scoff and deride men that be merchant-taylers.
In Margaret Cavendish's play The Sociable Companions (1668) soldiers claim "our profession, which is to rob, fight and kill, is the most ancient profession that is".
The Irish poet Henry Brooke (1701–1783) declared that humbugging (i.e. scamming) was the oldest profession:
Of all trades and arts in repute or possession,
Humbugging is held the most ancient profession.
The phrase had also been applied to murderers. In The Secret Societies of All Ages and Countries (1875), Charles William Heckethorn, describing the Thugs of India, said:
The hierophant, on initiating the candidate, says to him: "Thou hast chosen, my son, the most ancient profession, the most acceptable to the deity. Thou hast sworn to put to death every human being fate throws into thy hand..."
Association with prostitution
The phrase began to be associated with prostitution in the last decade of the nineteenth century following Rudyard Kipling's short story about an Indian prostitute, On the City Wall (January 1889). Kipling, after citing a biblical reference, began:
Lalun is a member of the most ancient profession in the world. Lilith was their very-great-grandmamma, and that was before the days of Eve as every one knows. In the West, people say rude things about Lalun's profession, and write lectures about it, and distribute the lectures to young persons in order that Morality may be preserved. In the East where the profession is hereditary, descending from mother to daughter, nobody writes lectures or takes any notice; and that is a distinct proof of the inability of the East to manage its own affairs.
In a scathing article on the morals of the aristocracy in the mass circulation Reynold's Newspaper, 22 July 1894, the reference was repeated:In ancient Rome, under the empire, ladies used to go to baths to meet a certain class of men, while men resorted thither to meet a certain class of ladies. The ladies belonged to what has been called “the oldest profession in the world", a profession which is carried on in Piccadilly, Regent street, and other parts of London with great energy every night … In the same year the Pall Mall Gazette reported a speech in which "Mrs. Ormiston Chant … implored us to stand shoulder to shoulder and destroy what Kipling has called 'the oldest profession in the world'".
The phrase was frequently used as a euphemism when delicacy forbade direct reference to prostitution.
Residual usage of the phrase in its reputable sense
There is some evidence that unworldly speakers (e.g. of the older generation) or unsophisticated audiences (e.g. in small towns or rural areas) were not at first aware of the phrase's newly acquired meaning. Thus for some time the following could be said in English newspaper reports without apparent embarrassment: "A certain proportion of the cadets were now leaving to enter the oldest profession in the world" (1895). "This gentleman's name often figures high in local prize lists, and they are considered an enthusiast in 'the oldest profession in the world'" (1902). "Mr Petrie heard the voice of God and observed the working of Their hand in ways that are denied to most of us. Their speech, and especially their prayers, exhibited a rare consciousness of the beauty of holiness, and were fragrant with phrases of singular charm. As you all know, Mr Petrie followed the oldest profession in the world" (1915). "In conclusion, they [Lord Eustace Percy] reminded the teachers that they were the most ancient profession in the world, having descended from the Academy of Plato, and they must always remember that fact (1924)."
However, those "innocent" uses of the phrase tended to die out as awareness of the newly acquired meaning increased, as did the appreciation that antiquity, of itself, did not make a profession respectable. One sociologist has argued that the phrase did not invariably refer to prostitution until the 1970s.
Second-oldest profession
The phrase "world's second-oldest profession" may refer to any number of trades and professions, playing on perceived similarities to prostitution. One frequent use of the phrase is to refer to spies and spying. An explanation of the phrase's association with espionage is that both spies and prostitutes are mentioned in the same passage in the Book of Joshua.
"Joshua son of Nun sent two spies out from Shittim secretly with orders to reconnoitre the country. The two men came to Jericho and went to the house of a prostitute named Rahab.."
Paul Reynolds, a writer with the BBC, noted: "Rahab, of course, was engaged in the oldest profession."
Ronald Reagan nominated politician as the second-oldest profession with the alleged quip, "Someone once said that politics is the second-oldest profession. I'm beginning to think it bears resemblance to the first."
According to the World Almanac website, nominations for the second-oldest profession include: actors, casino gambling, con men, gangsters, counterfeiters, gigolos, glassmakers, interpreters, journalists, moving companies, pharmacists, pickpocketers, pimps, pirates, press agents, prostitutes, spies, and quacks. Humorist Erma Bombeck titled one of their books Motherhood: The Second Oldest Profession, since presumably many prostitutes (the "oldest profession") got pregnant.
Many other professions have been called the second-oldest in the media, including tip sheet-sale, litigation, environmental engineering, professional consultancy, pawnbrokering, hotel-management, and tomb-raiding.
References
Prostitution
English phrases
English-language idioms
Pouya Bakhtiari () was an Iranian protester who was shot and killed on 16 November 2019 in Karaj during the 2019 Iranian protests. Their death and their parents' reaction garnered nationwide attention; the arrest of several of Bakhtiari's family, who had defied a request by authorities to keep the mourning ceremony low-key, drew international condemnation, including in a Tweet from U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo.
Life
Pouya Bakhtiari was born on 10 September 1992 in Tehran, Iran. They received their degree in electrical engineering and operated their family's workshop. Bakhtiari was interested in Iranian history and poetry, and wanted to eventually immigrate to Canada.
Death and subsequent arrests of family members
Bakhtiari's father Manouchehr Bakhtiari, a veteran of the Iran–Iraq War, announced that their son had died on 16 November 2019 in Mehrshahr due to a gunshot wound to the skull. According to him, Bakhtiari was accompanied by their mother, Nahid Shirbisheh, on the second day of the 2019 Iranian protests in Mehrshahr and was pronounced dead before they reached the hospital. Shirbisheh stated that "For a moment I saw that people were carrying the body of a protester, and I realized it was my son".
In an interview with Masih Alinejad, Manouchehr stated they were not afraid of death, that they would not stay silent and that it was the Islamic Republic of Iran who were the "real hooligans".
Bakhtiari's body was buried on 19 November 2019 in Behesht-e Sakineh Cemetery in Karaj.
On 23 December 2019, the government arrested several members of Bakhtiari's family, who had wanted to hold a public memorial service on 26December. According to Manouchehr, authorities had requested the family to hold the ceremony in a mosque, but they had refused, citing the need for a larger space. U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo condemned the arrests on Twitter. Authorities released Shirbisheh on 7January 2020 and Manouchehr on 25January, the latter on bail.
Bakhtiari's father Manouchehr became an ardent pro-monarchy activist after their son's death. They were detained in July 2020 on Kish Island, to where they had gone to campaign against the Iran–China 25-year Cooperation Program. They were transferred to Bandar Abbas prison, according to Bakhtiari's uncle Mehrdad Bakhtiari.
Bakhtiari's uncle Mehrdad was again detained on 31October 2020, and handed a five-year suspended sentence and prohibited to leave the country for two years upon release on 16December 2020. Days before their detention, Mehrdad had given interviews to foreign-based Persian news outlets in which they spoke of ongoing pressure by authorities to stop the family from demanding a thorough investigation into Bakhtiari's death; they had told Voice of America that authorities had ascribed the death, and that of others in the protests, to anti-government forces from outside Iran.
Video
On the day of their death, Bakhtiari recorded a series of videos on their mobile phone from protests in Karaj during the day and continuing into the night which were widely circulated after their death.
After the original release of the video by BBC Persian, the entire video was released by Masih Alinejad, which made apparent that the BBC had censored part of the original video. In the censored part of the video, Bakhtiari says "Bravo to everyone! People don't lose this opportunity to once and for all destroy this criminal and corrupt regime which has pillaged our beloved Iran for 40 years."
See also
2019 Iranian protests
References
1992 births
2019 deaths
Iranian activists
People murdered in Iran
Deaths by firearm in Iran
Political repression in Iran
Donald McDonald (1816 – January 20, 1879) was an Ontario civil engineer, land surveyor and political figure. They were a Liberal member of the Senate of Canada from 1867 to 1879.
They were born in Caledonia, New York in 1816 and came to the Niagara region of Upper Canada with their family in 1823. The family later settled near Galt. McDonald studied at Upper Canada College and then apprenticed as a surveyor with their cousin, John Macdonald, working with the Canada Company. They joined the loyalist defenders of Toronto during the Upper Canada Rebellion. After they began suffering from rheumatism, McDonald stopped field work and worked as a clerk for the Canada Company, later being promoted to assistant commissioner. They were elected to the Legislative Council of the Province of Canada for Tecumseth division in 1858 and named to the Senate after Confederation. They served as a director and later vice-president of the Royal Canadian Bank. McDonald owned a large ranch in Kansas, where they raised shorthorn cattle.
They died in Toronto in 1879.
References
1816 births
1879 deaths
Canadian senators from Ontario
Liberal Party of Canada senators
Members of the Legislative Council of the Province of Canada
People from Caledonia, New York
American rapper 50 Cent has been featured in 88 music videos, 31 television programs, 25 films, and 4 video games.
Filmography
Film
Television
Video games
Music videos
As lead artist
As featured artist
See also
50 Cent albums discography
50 Cent singles discography
References
External links
Male actor filmographies
American filmographies
Videographies of American artists
Farce of the Penguins is a 2007 American direct-to-video parody nature documentary written and directed by Full House star Bob Saget. It is a parody of the French feature-length nature documentary March of the Penguins (2005), directed and co written by Luc Jacquet. The film features Samuel L. Jackson as narrator, with the two main characters voiced by Bob Saget and Lewis Black. Five of Saget's former Full House co-stars also lent their voices to the film.
Additional voices were also provided by Tracy Morgan, Christina Applegate, James Belushi, Whoopi Goldberg, Dane Cook, Abe Vigoda, Mo'Nique, David Koechner, Jamie Kennedy, Harvey Fierstein, Alyson Hannigan, and others.
Synopsis
Samuel L. Jackson narrates the story about a group of male penguins that make a seventy-mile trek to go to their breeding grounds, where females are waiting to have sex with them.
These penguins include Carl (Bob Saget) and Jimmy (Lewis Black), two friends who talk about relationships and other things as they meet new characters including Marcus (Tracy Morgan), a penguin who likes to kid around and brag about their huge penis (an illogical point, since penguins do not have penises, and instead have cloacas), and Steve the snowy owl (Jonathan Katz), who gives Carl advice on their life in a Freudian kind of way while billing them for the two quick sessions. Meanwhile, Melissa (Christina Applegate) and Vicky (Mo'Nique) argue about men and other women who bother them as they wait for their mates to arrive at the breeding grounds.
Cast
Production
THINKFilm describes Farce of the Penguins as the story of "one penguin's search for love while on a seventy mile trek with their libidinous buddies on their way to a hedonistic mating ritual." Despite what the poster suggests, Farce of the Penguins is not an animated feature; it uses real stock footage of penguins.
Bob Saget stated on The Howard Stern Show on January 29, 2007, Late Night with Conan O'Brien on January 30, 2007, and on Tom Green Live that they originally wanted to simply redub the documentary March of the Penguins, but did not receive permission from the film producers.
References
External links
2007 direct-to-video films
2007 films
2000s parody films
2000s adventure films
American satirical films
2000s road movies
American road movies
Films about penguins
Films directed by Bob Saget
American parody films
2007 comedy films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
The Grand America Hotel is the largest hotel in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States. Located at 555 South Main Street, Salt Lake City, 84111, it is one block away from Washington Square in the downtown area. It was commissioned and built in 2001 by Earl Holding, and designed by Frank Nicholson. The architect was Smallwood Reynolds Stewart and Stewart. Frank Nicholson was the Interior Designer.
It is the eighth-tallest building in Salt Lake City, and the tallest hotel with 24 floors. The hotel is tall if measured all the way to the top of the flag pole. The hotel also features 775 rooms and suites, numerous conference rooms which total in of flexible meeting space, a Conde Nast Traveler-rated full-service spa, outdoor and indoor pools, exercise facilities, Garden Cafe restaurant, Lobby Lounge and Gibson Lounge bar.
It has been home to conferences, lectures and is also frequently used by visiting professional sports teams. For example, in October 2013, Condoleezza Rice gave a speech at the hotel.
See also
List of hotels in the United States
Grand America Hotels & Resorts
References
External references
2001 establishments in Utah
Hotel buildings completed in 2001
Skyscraper hotels in Utah
Skyscrapers in Salt Lake City
Shapcott is an English surname. Notable people with this surname include the following:
Jo Shapcott FRSL (born 1953), English poet, editor and lecturer
Michael Shapcott, Canadian social activist and academic
Morton Shapcott, English cricketer and Royal Air Force officer
Thomas Shapcott AO (born 1935), Australian poet, novelist, playwright, editor, librettist, short story writer and teacher
Other uses
Shapcott Wensley, pseudonym of English author and poet Henry Shapcott Bunce (1854–1917)
See also
Thomas Shapcott Poetry Prize, literary award for an unpublished poetry manuscript by a Queensland author
English-language surnames
Lauenburg and Bütow Land ( or , , ) formed a historical region in Farther Pomerania (German historiography) or in the western part of Pomerelia (Polish historiography). It was composed of two districts centered on the towns of Lauenburg (Lębork) and Bütow (Bytów). The land is today part of the Polish Pomeranian Voivodeship.
History
In the 12th and 13th centuries the area east of the Łeba river was on the western periphery of the Pomerelian duchies, ruled by the Samborides dynasty as vassals of the Polish Crown as distinct to the neighbouring Duchy of Pomerania, which in 1181 had become an Imperial State. After the Danish defeat at the 1227 Battle of Bornhöved, the Pomerelian duke Swietopelk II at Gdańsk acquired the adjacent Lands of Schlawe and Stolp, formerly a possession of the Pomeranian dukes, and declared themselves an independent dux Pomeranorum in their enlarged territory (Pomorze Gdańskie).
Teutonic Order
However, the line of the Samborides became extinct upon the death of Swietopelk's son Mestwin II in 1294, and after the Treaty of Kępno, the territory became part of Poland, under King Przemysław II. The Margraviate of Brandenburg also sought to control the area and in the following armed conflict, the Polish duke Władysław I the Elbow-high called for the support of the Teutonic Knights. After expelling the Brandenburgians from Gdańsk, the Knights massacred the local population and took over Gdańsk and adjacent areas in 1308. Disregarding the Polish claims, the Order's State concluded the Treaty of Soldin with Brandenburg in the following year, where the Knights claimed all Pomerelian lands - including Lauenburg and Bütow - while the adjacent Lands of Schlawe and Stolp fell to the Ascanian margraves and were again acquired by the Duchy of Pomerania in 1316 (later Pomerania-Stolp). The Griffin dukes in 1317 also acquired the Bütow area, which was yet again sold to the Knights in 1329.
After paying off the Brandenburg margraves, the Teutonic knights integrated the Pomerelian lands into their monastic state, with the Lauenburg and Bütow Landmarking its western border with the Pomeranian duchy. The knights invited German settlers (see Ostsiedlung) and granted the towns of Lauenburg and Bütow Kulm law in 1341 and 1346 respectively. Lauenburg as well as Leba joined the 1454 uprising of the Prussian Confederation, which sparked the Thirteen Years' War between the Kingdom of Poland and the Order's State.
Dukes of Pomerania
In 1455 Poland promised the Lauenburg and Bütow Land to Duke Eric II of Pomerania in return for their support, yet the towns were still held by the Knights' troops. When the Order's defeat and 1466 Second Peace of Thorn ended the war, those troops were paid off and King Casimir IV Jagiellon of Poland again granted the towns to the Griffins, though it was disputed whether as their trustees or in pawn, while the rest of Pomerelia became part of Royal Prussia. The dispute was ended in 1526 when King Sigismund I the Old gave the area as a nearly unconditional fief ("libere a servitio et a iuramento") to Duke Georg I of Pomerania. The only condition was that the dukes had to send an official to the coronations of Sigismund's successors, who would reassure the dukes of the fief.
Poland and Brandenburg-Prussia
After the childless death of the last Griffin duke, Bogislaw XIV in 1637, the land again became a terra (land, ziemia) of the Polish Crown and in 1641 became part of the Pomeranian Voivodeship of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. Whereas the Reformation had been enforced by the Pomeranian dukes, the Poles took action to regain the area for the Catholic Church. After the 1657 Treaty of Bydgoszcz (Bromberg) that amended the previous Treaty of Wehlau it was granted as a fief to the Hohenzollern dynasty of Brandenburg-Prussia in return for their help against Sweden in the Swedish-Polish War under the same favourable conditions the Griffins had enjoyed before. The Hohenzollern had also acquired the adjacent lands of Farther Pomerania upon the extinction of the line and since 1618 held the Duchy of Prussia in personal union.
Lauenburg-Bütow was officially a Polish fiefdom until the First Partition of Poland in 1772. King Frederick II of Prussia had incorporated the territory the year before and the subsequent Treaty of Warsaw in 1773 made the former conditions obsolete. From 1772 on the area was still attached to the Pomerelian lands of part of West Prussia, but in 1777 Lauenburg and Bütow were finally integrated into the Prussian province of Farther Pomerania, and after the Napoleonic Wars from 1815 onwards part of the larger Province of Pomerania. In 1846 it was partitioned into the two Landkreise Lauenburg and Bütow, both parts of the Regierungsbezirk of Köslin.
While much of the Pomerelian lands annexed by Prussia returned to the Second Polish Republic after World War I according to the 1919 Treaty of Versailles, Lauenburg and Bütow remained with the Prussian province of Pomerania until 1945. According to the Potsdam Agreement after World War II the region was made part of Poland.
Sources
Footnotes
History of Pomerania
Ziemias
Fiefdoms of Poland
Maharaja Sriram Chandra Bhanjadeo (; 17 December 1870 – 22 February 1912) was the Maharaja of Mayurbhanj State of India.
Personal life
Early life
They were only eleven years old when their father and ruler of the Mayurbhanj State, Maharaja Krishna Chandra Bhanj Deo died; Sriram Chandra Bhanjadeo succeeded to the throne on 29 May 1882. However, at that time the State was ruled under a British Commissioner till Maharaja came of age; they were formally installed as Maharaja on 15 August 1892. The affairs of state remained in the hands of their grandmother, the Dowager Maharani of Mayurbhanj, until they took charge some years later.
Matrimonial alliances
They were first married to Maharani Lakshmi Kumari Devi, daughter of a zamindar of Panchkot in Bengal, who died in 1902. In 1904, they married Maharani Sucharu Devi, a daughter of Maharshi Keshub Chandra Sen. They had two sons, Purna Chandra Bhanj Deo and Pratap Chandra Bhanj Deo with their first wife. Purna Chandra Bhanj Deo succeeded them to the throne, while Pratap Chandra Bhanj Deo succeeded their elder brother to the throne after the former's death. They had a son, Dhrubendra Chandra Bhanj Deo and two daughters of their second wife, Sucharu Devi. Dhrubendra Chandra Bhanj Deo became an air force pilot and died in action during the Second World War.
The elder daughter was married to the Maharaja of Vizianagaram and the younger daughter, Rani Jyoti Manjari Devi was married to Mahant Sarveshwar Das, the Raja Bahadur of Nandgaon, a princely state of the erstwhile Central Provinces and Berar.
Death
Maharaja died due to an accident, while on a hunting trip, when they were accidentally injured by the bullet fired from the gun of their brother-in-law (brother of Sucharu Devi). They were severely injured and was treated in Calcutta, but died there of their injuries.
Work
Administration
They worked for the all around development of Mayurbhanj and implemented various welfare schemes designed to help the people. They were revered as a philosopher king. They constituted the state council for administration in the state and brought about reforms in the sphere of language, health and administration.
During their reign, the scientific operation of iron mines was started for the first time and Gorumahisani mines were leased to the Tatas. In 1903, they commissioned a narrow-gauge railway line from Rupsa to Baripada known as Mayurbhanj State Railway. During their reign 474 miles of road were built in State connecting all divisional towns with Baripada. The Baripada Municipality was constituted by them in 1905. They also started an English High School with boarding facility, a government Press, a fully equipped hospital and a leper asylum in Baripada.
They appointed Mohini Mohan Dhar the Dewan of Mayurbhanj. Impressed with the noble qualities of Gopabandhu Das they made them their advocate.
Art and culture
They were a great patron of Oriya art and culture. The famous Chhau dance of Orissa or "war-dance" was presented by them for a show in 1912 in Calcutta in honor of George V, the British emperor, who was impressed by its beauty and splendour.
They were also a patriot and great patron of the Odia language and presided over the first meeting of Utkal Samilani held on 3 December 1903.
Architecture
In 1892, they made major additions to the royal palace of Mayurbhanj, which has 126 rooms. The front of the palace resembles the Buckingham Palace, which was built in 1908. Two colleges, Maharaja Purna Chandra College, and the Government Women's College are now located inside the palace.
Honours
Delhi Durbar Gold Medal – 1903.
Maharaja title bestowed upon them by Lord Minto at the 1903 Delhi Durbar, which was later made hereditary in 1910.
Legacy
They died on 22 February 1912 at Mayurbhanj. They and their father Maharaja Krushna Chandra Bhanja Deo are widely acknowledged as the makers of modern Orissa. The Shri Ramachandra Bhanj Medical College at Cuttack was named after them in year 1951, in recognition of the donation and efforts made by the ruler in their lifetime. A college in Ragdha founded by them has been named after them as Sriram Chandra Bhanja Degree College.
References
External links
1870 births
1912 deaths
Hindu monarchs
Indian maharajas
Founders of Indian schools and colleges
History of Odisha
19th-century Indian monarchs
20th-century Indian monarchs
People from Odisha
Firearm accident victims
Deaths by firearm in India
Accidental deaths in India
Archie Brown (born 28 May 2002) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Lausanne-Sport.
Career
As a youth player, Brown joined the youth academy of English side Derby County, helping them win their only youth top flight title. In 2021, they signed for Lausanne-Sport in Switzerland. On 28 November 2021, they debuted for Lausanne-Sport during a 0-3 loss to Servette.
References
External links
English footballers
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
English expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
FC Lausanne-Sport players
Swiss Super League players
Living people
Association football defenders
2002 births
English expatriate footballers
Water stagnation occurs when water stops flowing. Stagnant water can be a major environmental hazard.
Dangers
Malaria and dengue are among the main dangers of stagnant water, which can become a breeding ground for the mosquitoes that transmit these diseases.
Stagnant water can be dangerous for drinking because it provides a better incubator than running water for many kinds of bacteria and parasites. Stagnant water can be contaminated with human and animal feces, particularly in deserts or other areas of low rainfall. Water stagnation for as little as six days can completely change bacterial community composition and increase cell count.
Stagnant water may be classified into the following basic, although overlapping, types:
Water body stagnation (stagnation in swamp, lake, lagoon, river, etc.)
Surface and ground waters stagnation
Trapped water stagnation. The water may be trapped in human artifacts (discarded cans, plant pots, tires, dug-outs, roofs, etc.), as well as in natural containers, such as hollow tree trunks, leaf sheath, etc.
To avoid ground and surface water stagnation, drainage of surface and subsoil is advised. Areas with a shallow water table are more susceptible to ground water stagnation due to the lower availability of natural soil drainage.
Life that may thrive in stagnant water
Some plants prefer flowing water, while others, such as lotuses, prefer stagnant water.
Various anaerobic bacteria are commonly found in stagnant water. For this reason, pools of stagnant water have historically been used in processing hemp and some other fiber crops, as well as linden bark used for making bast shoes. Several weeks of soaking make bast fibers easily separable due to bacterial and fermentative processes known as retting.
Denitrifying bacteria
Leptospira
Purple bacteria (both sulfur and non-sulfur)
Fish
Lepisosteidae (gar)
Northern snakehead fish
Pygmy gourami
Spotted barb
Walking catfish
Asian swamp eel
Insects
Stagnant water is the favorite breeding ground for a number of insects.
Dragonfly nymphs
Fly maggots
Mosquito larvae
Nepidae (water scorpions)
Other
Algae
Biofilm
A number of species of frogs prefer stagnant water.
Some species of turtles
Mata mata
See also
Eutrophication (excessive enrichment by nutrients and minerals)
Slough
Wetland
Residence time distribution
Water pollution
References
Environmental soil science
Water pollution
Liquid water
Aquifers
Aquatic ecology
Water supply
Waterborne diseases
Wetlands
Paul Kavanagh or Cavana(u)gh may refer to:
Paul Kavanagh (politician) (died 2022), Irish business person and politician
Paul Kavanagh (visual effects artist), British visual effects artist
Paul Kavanagh (criminal) (died 2015), Irish criminal who was shot dead
Lawrence Block (born 1938), author who occasionally used the pen name Paul Kavanagh
Paul Cavanagh (1888–1964), English actor
Paul Cavanaugh, ice hockey player in 1999 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Men's Ice Hockey Tournament
B. Venkatarama Reddy ( – 12 May 2019, also written as B. Venkatarami Reddy) was an Indian film producer who produced many Tamil and Telugu films.
Biography
Reddy was the youngest son of B. Nagi Reddy. They produced films like Bhairava Dweepam, Sri Krishnarjuna Vijayam, Uzhaippali, Thaamirabharani, Nammavar and Veeram.
Reddy was married to B. Bharathi Reddy. They had one son and two daughters.
Reddy died on 12 May 2019 at the age of 75.
Selected filmography
Tamil
Uzhaippali (1993)
Nammavar (1994)
Thaamirabharani (2007)
Padikkadavan (2009)
Venghai (2011)
Veeram (2014)
Bairavaa (2017)
Sangathamizhan (2019)
Telugu
Brundavanam (1993)
Bhairava Dweepam (1994)
Sri Krishnarjuna Vijayam (1996)
Awards
They won Nandi Award for Third Best Feature Film - Bronze - Bhairava Dweepam (1994)
References
Telugu film producers
2019 deaths
Tamil film producers
1940s births
Solarized architectural glass is a type of architectural glass, used as a building material, that has changed color as a result of a chemical reaction between a glass decolorizer and ultra-violet light. Sometimes known as "desert glass", or "sun-purpled glass", solarized glass is most commonly observed as bottles and glassware. However, solarized glass does occasionally appear in architectural contexts and uses, especially window panes, doorknobs, and pavement lights. The physical characteristics and the relative rarity of this glass for windows has meant that it is understood as a distinct glass type.
Chemical description
Although silica glass is naturally colorless, chemical imperfections in naturally occurring silica sometimes results in discoloration during the production process. Historically, glassmakers have compensated for this by adding a chemical decolorizer. Since ancient times, one of the most common chemical decolorizers has been manganese dioxide (MnO2), which in small quantities, is an effective additive to produce clear glass. However, in large quantities, glass treated with manganese dioxide photo-oxidizes when exposed to ultra-violet sunlight over a period of years to decades. The result is glass that changes from a clear to a lavender-purple color. In addition to manganese dioxide, other decolorizers have been historically used that undergo photo-oxidation. For example, selenium and cerium have both been used in the past as decolorizers. In large quantities, these chemicals have turned glass yellow and amber respectively when exposed to ultra-violet light.
Historical uses
Although most commonly observed as bottles and glassware, solarized glass does occasionally appear in architectural contexts and uses. Most notably, many early 19th century houses in the neighborhood of Beacon Hill, Boston, MA have windows with purple panes of glass. The color of these panes was the result of an excess of manganese dioxide added in the glass making process from about 1800 to 1830. Since this glass was originally intended to be clear, the purple color was actually a manufacturer's mistake. Some apocryphal stories credit this glass to a French maker that accidentally imported defective glass but ceased production after it was discovered the glass would turn purple. For this reason, 19th century solarized architectural glass is rare.
Nevertheless, in Boston, the purple glass came to be seen as a desirable character mark for these houses and was associated with elegance and the upper classes. By the early 20th century, homeowners and builders were mimicking the original solarized glass by retrofitting older windows with solarized glass that never previously existed in those homes.
Physical characteristics
Solarized architectural glass is not, in itself, a distinct glass making process. Solarized glass used in windows was historically made either by the crown glass method or is cylinder blown sheet glass. However, the striking color of this glass, coupled with its rarity and distinctive physical characteristics means that it is a distinct sub-type of architectural glass and a character-defining feature for many historic buildings.
This glass exhibits several physical characteristics and properties. The shade of the purple color is dependent on the level of sunlight exposure. This means that panes of solarized glass will turn a darker purple if they receive heavy exposure to light, such as on the south facing façade of a building. Likewise, a recessed window will receive less light and therefore turn a lighter shade of purple. Further, the depth of the purple shade is also dependent on the level of manganese dioxide present in the glass. Those portions of this glass that do not receive light exposure – such as along the edges where the glass meets the window muntin – do not undergo the same photo-oxidation and remain clear. Finally, the glass is very brittle and highly delicate. It is uncertain if this is a result of the manganese oxide or other methods as part of the manufacturing process. In addition to solarized window glass, solarized glass is also found in other architectural contexts, such as glass doorknobs.
References
Glass
Building materials
The Maningory Falls is a waterfall of 90 meters in the region of Analanjirofo in Madagascar.
They are situated on the Maningory River at 20 km from Imerimandroso.
References
Waterfalls of Madagascar
Analanjirofo
Benjamin Joseph Johnson (born June 18, 1981) is an American former professional baseball outfielder. They played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the San Diego Padres and New York Mets.  They are currently the manager of the Memphis Redbirds.
Professional career
They were a 4th round draft pick in 1999 MLB draft by the St. Louis Cardinals and was traded the following year to the San Diego Padres, along with Heathcliff Slocumb for Carlos Hernández and minor leaguer Nathan Tebbs.
They worked their way up to Triple-A in 2005, where they were an All-Star outfielder and the San Diego Padres Minor League Player of the Year, hitting .312 with 25 home runs. They were brought up to the majors that year and received limited playing time with the Padres, hitting .213 in 75 at-bats, and .250 with 4 home runs in 120 at-bats in 2006.
They were not selected for San Diego's 2006 playoff roster, and after the season ended they were traded to the New York Mets with relief pitcher Jon Adkins in exchange for relievers Heath Bell and Royce Ring.
During the beginning of their time with the Mets, Johnson was shuttled up and down between New York and Triple-A New Orleans. During June, they received some playing time when all three Mets regular outfielders (Shawn Green, Carlos Beltrán, and Moisés Alou) were injured.
Johnson was not offered a new contract by the Mets and became a free agent on December 12, 2007. However, the Mets brought Johnson back by signing them to a minor league deal on February 14, 2008, and invited them to spring training. Johnson was released by the Mets in early May 2008. In 2009, Johnson attempted a comeback from multiple injuries with the Orange County Flyers of the Golden Baseball League.
Coaching career
Johnson made their professional managerial debut with the Arizona/Goodyear Centennials of the Freedom Pro Baseball League in 2012.  They are formerly a coach with the Durham Bulls, the AAA affiliate of the Tampa Bay Rays.
In 2019, Johnson was named manager of the Memphis Redbirds.
References
External links
, or Retrosheet, or Sports Net, or Pura Pelota (Venezuelan Winter League)
1981 births
Living people
African-American baseball coaches
African-American baseball players
Arizona Diamondbacks scouts
Baseball coaches from Tennessee
Baseball players from Memphis, Tennessee
Erie SeaWolves players
Fort Wayne Wizards players
Johnson City Cardinals players
Lake Elsinore Storm players
Major League Baseball outfielders
Memphis Redbirds managers
Minor league baseball coaches
Mobile BayBears players
New Orleans Zephyrs players
New York Mets players
Orange County Flyers players
Peoria Chiefs players
Peoria Javelinas players
Portland Beavers players
San Diego Padres players
Sportspeople from Memphis, Tennessee
Tiburones de La Guaira players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American people
Yeh Raat Phir Na Aayegi may refer to:
Yeh Raat Phir Na Aayegi (1966 film), a 1966 Bollywood film
Yeh Raat Phir Na Aayegi (1992 film), a 1992 Bollywood film
The Gocheok Sky Dome () is a domed baseball stadium located in Gocheok-dong, Seoul, South Korea. It is the home ballpark of KBO club Kiwoom Heroes. The stadium is primarily used for baseball and has a capacity for 16,744 spectators for baseball games. The stadium replaced Dongdaemun Baseball Stadium and opened on 15 September 2015. It also serves as a concert venue, with a capacity for around 25,000 spectators.
In 2017, the Gocheok Dome hosted the first round of the 2017 World Baseball Classic, featuring host nations South Korea, Taiwan, Netherlands, and Israel.
In 2019, Gocheok Dome hosted the opening round of Group C at the 2019 WBSC Premier 12. South Korea, Cuba, Australia and Canada competed in Group C, and a total of six matches were held at Gocheok Dome. The South Korean national team advanced to the super round as the top of the group with three wins in the Group C qualifying round.
In 2020, all KBO League postseason games after the first round were played at Gocheok Dome.
List of entertainment events
See also
Mokdong Baseball Stadium
Jamsil Baseball Stadium
References
External links
Official website
Baseball venues in South Korea
Sports venues completed in 2015
Sports venues in Seoul
Music venues in Seoul
Covered stadiums in South Korea
Kiwoom Heroes
2015 establishments in South Korea
World Baseball Classic venues
Run-D.M.C. is the debut studio album by American hip hop group Run-D.M.C., released on March 27, 1984, by Profile Records. The album was produced by Russell Simmons and Larry Smith. It was considered groundbreaking for its time, presenting a tougher, more hardcore form of hip-hop. The album's sparse beats and aggressive rhymes were in sharp contrast with the light sound that was popular in hip hop at the time.
Run-D.M.C. peaked at number 53 on the Billboard 200, and number 14 on the Top R&B/Hip Hop Albums chart. The album became the first rap album which was certified as Gold by the RIAA (December 17, 1984). The album features five the Billboard singles: "It's Like That", "Hard Times", "Rock Box", "30 Days" and "Hollis Crew". The first single from this album, "It's Like That", released on August 10, 1983, opened a new page in the history of hip-hop with a tone of social protest (unemployment, inflation). "It's Like That" is judged by many to be the first hardcore rap song, and the first new school hip-hop recording. "Sucker M.C.'s" is one of the first diss tracks, and "Rock Box" is the first song in the rap rock genre.
With Run-D.M.C., Run-D.M.C. came to be regarded by music critics as pioneering the movement of new school hip hop of the mid-1980s. In 1989, the album was ranked number 51 on Rolling Stone'''s list of the 100 Greatest Albums of the 1980s. In 2003, the album was ranked number 240 on Rolling Stones list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time, with the ranking changing to numbers 242 and 378 in the 2012 and 2020 updates of the list, respectively. The album was reissued by Arista Records in 1999 and 2003. An expanded and remastered edition was released in 2005 and contained 4 previously unreleased songs.
Background
The music on the album was created by Larry Smith's group Orange Krush using the drum machine Oberheim DMX and Jam Master Jay's scratches mixed in a guitar riff.
The album is dedicated to the memory of DJ June Bug (1958 - 1983) - one of the greatest DJs in the world who worked as a DJ in the Bronx at the club Disco Fever, selling drugs at the same time.
Impact of "Rock Box"Run-D.M.C.'s second listed track, "Rock Box", which was released as the album's third single on April 16, 1984, is credited by music critics for dissolving social and racial boundaries within the music industry between rock music and mainstream hip hop at the time of the album's release.
The music video for "Rock Box" became the first rap video played on MTV in the summer of 1984. The video was filmed in the famous New York punk club Danceteria. As Run-D.M.C.'s first major video release, the trio represented 1980's New York street fashion with their signature look of black Kangol hats, black Lee jeans, black t-shirts and leather jackets, white Adidas sneakers, gold chains, and, as always, D.M.C. is wearing their trademark glasses. Run-D.M.C. has been credited for evolving African-American fashion, breaking away from the highly glamorous looks of disco and early hip hop.
In a 2019 episode of the AMC docuseries The Songs That Shook America, "Rock Box" was applauded for its blending of snare drum beats accompanied by the guitar riffs performed by American guitarist Eddie Martinez.
"Rock Box" would also go on to inspire many of Run-D.M.C.'s future material in the rap-rock genre, including the title track of their second studio album King of Rock, the singles "Walk This Way" and "It's Tricky" from the group's third studio album Raising Hell, and the title track of their fourth studio album Tougher Than Leather.Appearance in films
The song "It's Like That" was performed on stage in the 1985 Warner Bros. film Krush Groove, in which the Run-D.M.C.'s members starred in April 1985.
Reception and influence
Debby Miller of Rolling Stone complimented Run-D.M.C.'s boasts about "messages that self-improvement is the only ticket out" and viewed their style as a departure from most hip hop acts at the time; stating "they get into a vocal tug of war that's completely different from the straightforward delivery of The Furious Five's Melle Mel or the everybody-takes-a-verse approach of groups like Sequence. And the music ... that backs these tracks is surprisingly varied, for all its bare bones".
In their consumer guide for The Village Voice, critic Robert Christgau described it as "easily the canniest and most formally sustained rap album ever, a tour de force I trust will be studied by all manner of creative downtowners and racially enlightened Englishmen". Christgau commented on the group's "heavy staccato and proud disdain for melody", writing that "the style has been in the New York air long enough that you may understand it better than you think".
The album has been regarded by music writers as one of early hip hop's best albums and a landmark release of the new school hip hop movement in the 1980s. According to journalist Peter Shapiro, the album's 1983 double-single release "It's Like That"/"Sucker MCs" "completely changed hip-hop ... rendering everything that preceded it distinctly old school with one fell swoop."Shapiro, p. 401 Run-D.M.C. rapped over the most sparse of musical backing tracks in hip hop at the time: a drum machine and a few scratches, with rhymes that harangued weak rappers and contrasted them to the group's success. "It's Like That" is an aggressively delivered message rap whose social commentary has been defined variously as "objective fatalism", "frustrated and renunciatory", and just plain "reportage".
In 1989, the album was ranked number 51 on Rolling Stones list of the 100 Greatest Albums of the 1980s. In 2003, the album was ranked number 240 on Rolling Stones list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. The album's ranking moved to number 242 in the 2012 version of the list, and to number 378 in the 2020 update.
In 1998, the album was selected as one of The Source's 100 Best Rap Albums.
"It's the first rap album that broke big," observed Ice-T, "which paved the way for everybody into being able to make rap albums, not just singles."
Accolades
The Observer – no. 40 at "50 albums that changed music" (2006)
NME – no. 25 at "101 Albums To Hear Before You Die" (2014)
Rolling Stone – no. 51 at "100 Best Albums of the Eighties" (1989)
Rolling Stone – no. 240/242/378 at "500 Greatest Albums of All Time" (2003/2012/2020 editions of the list, respectively)
Rolling Stone – no. 26 at "100 Best Debut Albums of All Time" (2003)
Rolling Stone – "The 40 Most Groundbreaking Albums of All Time" (2013)
Spin – no. 11 at "The 25 Greatest Albums of All Time" (1989)
Spin – no. 7 at "The Ten Reasons We Wish Spin Had Started In 1984" (2005)
The Source – "100 Best Rap Albums" (1998)
The Source – "Albums Rated 5 Mics (Out of 5)" (1998)
The Source – "100 Best Rap Singles" (1998)
Beats Per Minute – no. 73 at "The Top 100 Albums of the 1980s" (2011)
XXL – "40 Years of Hip-Hop: Top 5 Albums by Year" (2014)
Uncut – no. 33 at "50 Greatest New York Albums" (2015)
Complex – no. 37 at "The Best Rap Albums of the '80s" (2017)
Complex – "The Best Hip-Hop Producer Alive, Every Year Since 1979" (2018)
The Village Voice – no. 10 at "Pazz & Jop: Top 10 Albums By Year, 1971–2017" (2018)
Track listing
PersonnelMusicians Jam Master Jay – percussion, keyboards
Darryl McDaniels "D.M.C." – vocals
Joseph Simmons "Run" or "Rev Run" – vocals
Eddie Martinez – guitarProduction ' Orange Krush – composer
Russell Simmons – producer
Larry Smith – producer
Rod Hui – producer/engineer
Charts
Certifications
References
Bibliography
Shapiro, Peter. Rough Guide to Hip Hop, 2nd. ed., London: Rough Guides, 2005.
Toop, David. Rap Attack'', 3rd. ed., London: Serpent's Tail, 2000.
External links
Run-D.M.C. at Discogs
Run-D.M.C. at RapGenius
Run-D.M.C. (Adobe Flash) at Myspace (streamed copy where licensed)
1984 debut albums
Run-DMC albums
Arista Records albums
Profile Records albums
Albums produced by Larry Smith (producer)
Albums recorded at Greene St. Recording
The 1954 Prairie View A&M Panthers football team was an American football team that represented Prairie View A&M University in the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC) during the 1954 college football season. In their sixth season under head coach Billy Nicks, the Panthers compiled a perfect 10–1 record (6–0 against conference opponents), won the SWAC championship, defeated in the Prairie View Bowl, and outscored opponents by a total of 255 to 116. The Panthers were recognized as a 1953 black college national co-champion.
Schedule
References
Prairie View AandM
Prairie View A&M Panthers football seasons
Black college football national champions
Southwestern Athletic Conference football champion seasons
Prairie View AandM Football
Chokh (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Chokhsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,170 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
Geography
Chokh is located 18 km southeast of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road. Obokh and Sogratl are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
This is a list of villages in Patepur block, Vaishali district, Bihar state, India.
See also
List of villages in Vaishali district
References
Lists of villages in Vaishali district
Patepur
Mercer Subglacial Lake is a subglacial lake in Antarctica covered by a sheet of ice thick; the water below is hydraulically active, with water replacement times on the order of a decade from the Ross Sea. Studies suggest that Mercer Subglacial Lake as well as other subglacial lakes appear to be linked, with drainage events in one reservoir causing filling and follow-on drainage in adjacent lakes.
Exploration
Helen Amanda Fricker from the Scripps Institution of Oceanography discovered Mercer Subglacial Lake in 2007, while using satellite laser altimetry to search for the grounding line of a glacier. The lake is named after Mercer Ice Stream (formerly Ice Stream A), beneath which the lake is located. Mercer Ice Stream is named after the late Ohio State University glaciologist John Mercer. On 28 December 2018, the Subglacial Antarctic Lakes Scientific Access (SALSA) Project, for which they serve on the project's executive committee, announced they had reached Mercer Subglacial Lake after two days of melting their way through of ice with a high-pressure hot-water drill. The drill water is run through filters that catch 99.9% of bacteria and particles, followed by UV light exposure and pasteurization. The team obtained water samples for chemical and biological analyses, as well as samples of basal ice, and sediment cores as deep as .
Preliminary results
The lake water samples contain enough oxygen to support aquatic animals, and bacteria are present with a density of at least 10,000 cells per millilitre. Other ancient organisms retrieved from the sediments include shells of diatoms (a photosynthetic algae) and thread-like plants or fungi. The sediment cores will also be analysed by geobiologists to study how relict organic matter deposited during marine incursions influences contemporary biodiversity and carbon cycling.
See also
Glacial lake
Lake Vostok
Lake Ellsworth
Lake Hodgson
Lake Untersee
List of Antarctic subglacial lakes
Supraglacial lake
Underground lake
References
External links
Subglacial Antarctic Lakes Scientific Access (SALSA) home page.
Subglacial lakes
Lakes of Antarctica
National Socialism most often refers to Nazism, the ideology of the Nazi Party, which ruled Nazi Germany from 1933 to 1945. The term "national socialism" was used by a number of unrelated groups before the Nazis, but since their rise to prominence it has become associated almost exclusively with their ideas.
National Socialism may also refer to:
Ethnic German movements related to Nazism (pre-1945)
Austrian National Socialism, an early influence on the NSDAP
German National Socialist Workers' Party (Czechoslovakia) (Sudeten German, antisemitic)
Sudeten German Party (Sudeten German, pro-annexation by Germany, successor of the above)
Strasserism, a breakaway movement from German Nazism
Non-German movements related to Nazism (pre-1945)
National Socialist Bulgarian Workers Party (1930s)
Canadian National Socialist Unity Party (pro-Anglo-Canadian/French-Canadian)
National Socialist Movement of Chile (1930s)
National Socialist Workers' Party of Denmark (German-style Nazi, antisemitic)
Greek National Socialist Party (Italian-style fascist, pro-Hitler)
Hungarian National Socialist Party (German-style Nazi, antisemitic)
National Socialist Dutch Workers Party (1920s–1930s; favoured German annexation of the Netherlands)
National Socialist Movement in the Netherlands (1930s–1940s; unlike the above, it nominally supported an independent Netherlands)
National Socialist Workers' Party of Norway (German-style Nazi, antisemitic)
Nasjonal Samling (Norwegian, German-style Nazi, anti-Semitic, anti-Masonic)
National Socialist Party (Romania) (Romanian, German-style Nazi)
Swedish National Socialist Farmers' and Workers' Party (pro-Hitler, founded in 1924)
Swedish National Socialist Party (founded in 1930 through a merger of Nazi and fascist groups)
National Socialist Workers' Party (Sweden) (split from the above in 1933, became more Strasserite and independently Swedish before declining during World War II)
South African Gentile National Socialist Movement (1930s–1940s; pro-apartheid, white, antisemitic)
Neo-Nazism (after 1945)
Neo-Nazism is a label for groups and ideologies after 1945 that are considered to be based on Nazism.
Australia
Australian National Socialist Party (founded 1962), merged into
National Socialist Party of Australia (1968–1970s)
National Socialist Network (contemporary)
UK
National Socialist Action Party (British, founded in 1982, historical)
National Socialist Movement (UK, 1962) (British, founded in 1962, historical)
National Socialist Movement (United Kingdom) (British, contemporary)
US
National Socialist League (United States) (American, gay, Aryan, pro-Hitler, historical)
National Socialist Movement (United States) (American, contemporary)
National Socialist Party of America (white, antisemitic, anti-black, historical)
Other countries
Golden Dawn (Greece) (anti-Albania, anti-immigrants, islamophobic, contemporary)
Iranian National Socialist Party (SUMKA), created in 1952 (pro-Hitler, antisemitic, anti-Arab, anti-Turk, historical)
National Socialist Movement of Denmark (contemporary)
National Socialist Movement of Norway (contemporary)
National Socialist Party of New Zealand (German-style Nazi, anti-Semitic, historical)
Russian National Socialist Party (Russian nationalist, fascist, anti-immigrant, contemporary)
Social-National Party of Ukraine (Ukrainian nationalist, Ethnic nationalist, Anti-communist)
Svoboda (political party) (Ukrainian nationalist, Ultranationalist, Right-wing populism)
Other unrelated ideologies and organizations
Some of these were founded before the NSDAP and thus before "National Socialism" became associated with Nazism, while others exist in non-European contexts where Nazism is not widely known.
Ba'ath Party, an Arab national-socialist party in Iraq and Syria
Czech National Social Party, founded in Austria-Hungary in 1898 as a centre-left party advocating Czech independence. It used the name "Czechoslovak National Socialist Party" for a number of years in the early 20th century.
Czech National Socialist Party, a small centre-left party which broke away from the above in 2005
National-Social Association, a small centre-left Christian liberal party in Germany
National Socialist Party (Jordan), a left-wing political party in Jordan that existed from 1954 to 1957
National Socialist Party (Philippines), a political party founded in the Philippines in 1935
National Socialist Party (UK), a breakaway group from the British Socialist Party formed in 1916
Jatiya Samajtantrik Dal (National Socialist Party), a small socialist party in Bangladesh
National Socialist Council of Nagaland, a Maoist insurgent group in India
National Socialist Party of Tripura, a party advocating Tripuri self-determination in India
Bernsteinism, called originally called “revisionism”, first variation of the wider trend of the same name. Referred as National Socialism by Lenin.
See also
Far-right politics
Far-right terrorism
Kalkan may refer to:
Kalkan, town on the Turkish Mediterranean coast
Kalkan, Eğil
Kalkan, Iran (disambiguation), places in Iran
Hüseyin Kalkan, mayor of Batman in Southeast Anatolia, Turkey
Murat Kalkan, Turkish footballer
Nezihe Kalkan, Turkish dancer and singer
Kalkan (fish), one of the vernacular name of the Black-Sea Turbot, Scophthalmus maeoticus
Kal Kan, a brand of pet food now known as Whiskas
Turkish-language surnames
Lordomyrma reticulata is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
Description
Lordomyrma reticulata can be recognized by the deep and regular reticulating sculpture on the head and mesosoma, which becomes shallower on the gaster both dorsally and ventrally. The clypeus is distinctly rugose and convex, with a pair of strong carinae that converge centrally and diverge anteriorly and posteriorly, forming an hourglass shape. The sculpture of the broadly impressed scrobe and of the forecoxae is finely rugoreticulate. Scapes and legs are shallowly sculptured rather than smooth and shining. The undersides of the femora, petiole and scapes bear longitudinal concavities, presumably for reception of retracted limbs. Pilosity on head and body is pale and erect to suberect.
Of all described congeners L. reticulata most closely resembles the Japanese L. azumai, which is also heavily sculptured in a regularly intersecting rugoreticulate pattern on head, alitrunk and gaster. Lordomyrma reticulata is distinguished by the shape of the petiole, as the peduncle is clearly shorter than the length of the node whereas L. azumai presents a distinctly elongate peduncle. Among other undescribed Lordomyrma known to occur in Borneo L. reticulata would appear to be distinguished by the combination of sculpturation on the forecoxae, the regular rugoreticulations on the gaster and pale yellow standing pilosity common on most of the body.
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Myrmicinae
Insects described in 2008
The 2022 Texas Longhorns football team represents the University of Texas at Austin as a member of the Big 12 Conference during the 2022 NCAA Division I FBS football season. Led by second-year head coach Steve Sarkisian, the Longhorns play home games at Darrell K Royal–Texas Memorial Stadium in Austin, Texas.
Previous season
The Longhorns finished the 2021 season with a 5–7 record, 3–6 in Big 12 play.
Offseason
Departures
Over the course of the off-season, Texas lost 46 total players. 23 players graduated, while the other 24 entered the transfer portal. Of the 47 lost, 16 were starters for multiple games last season including starting quarterback Casey Thompson.
Team departures
Outgoing transfers
Note: Players with a dash in the new school column didn't land on a new team for the 2022 season.
Coaching staff departures
During the off-season, Texas lost 2 position coaches and 3 support staff members. The two position coaches that departed the team were running backs coach Stan Drayton and wide receivers coach Andre Coleman. Drayton took an upgrade by becoming the 32nd head coach at Temple, while Coleman was relieved of their duties at Texas. Furthermore, Drayton and Coleman were the final 2 coaches that were under both previous head coach Tom Herman and current head coach Steve Sarkisian.
Note: Andre Coleman didn't find a new coaching job at the collegiate level for the 2022 season.
Acquisitions
Incoming transfers
Over the off-season, Texas added 7 players from the transfer portal. According to 247 Sports, Texas had the 8th ranked transfer class in the country. The first transfer was quarterback Quinn Ewers. Ewers transferred from Ohio State and was the highest ranked recruit since former Longhorn quarterback Vince Young. On the offensive side, Texas also added Alabama tight end Jahleel Billingsley, Alabama wide receiver Agiye Hall, Wyoming wide receiver Isaiah Neyor, and Iowa State wide receiver Tarique Milton. However, Texas only took 2 defensive transfers in Ohio State defensive back Ryan Watts and JMU linebacker Diamonte Tucker-Dorsey.
2022 Recruits
2022 Overall class ranking
2023 Recruits
2023 Overall class ranking
Walk-ons
Coaching staff additions
NFL undrafted free agents
No Longhorns were selected in the 2022 NFL Draft, a first since 2014. However, 6 players were signed as undrafted free agents.
NFL Draft Combine
† Top performer
DNP = Did not participate
Returning starters
Texas returns 7 starters on offense, 12 starters on defense, and 1 starter on special teams. 3 of the 7 offensive starters are seniors, 9 of the 12 defensive starters are seniors, and the lone special teams player is a senior.
Offense
Defense
Special Teams
Preseason
The preseason poll was released on July 7, 2022.
Award watch lists
Listed in the order that they were released
Preseason Big-12 awards
2022 Preseason All-Big 12 teams
Source:
Preseason All-Americans
Personnel
Coaching staff
Source:
Support Staff
Kyrah McCowan – Senior Program Administrator
Jason Grooms – Chief of Staff
Gary Patterson – Special Assistant to the Head Coach
Billy Glasscock – Director of Player Personnel
Kevin Washington – Director of Player Development
Michael Huff – Assistant Director, Player Development
John Michael Jones – Assistant Director, Player Personnel
Austin Shelton – Assistant Director, Player Personnel
Robert Merritt – Assistant Director - Player Personnel Scouting
Brandon Harris – Director of Recruiting
Taylor Searels – Director, Recruiting Operations
Matt Smidebush – Director of Operations
Jason Rodriquez – Assistant Operations Coordinator
Chris Gilbert – Director of High School Relations
Jeff Crosby – Senior Football Analyst
Henry Fernandez – Senior Football Analyst
Michael Bimonte – Football Analyst
Joey Thomas – Football Analyst
John Dozier Dean – Assistant Football Analyst
Ray Pickering – Quality Control Coach
Tevis Bartlett – Graduate Assistant
Zac Williams – Graduate Assistant
Tyler Fambrough – Graduate Assistant
Mitch Zoloty – Graduate Assistant
Source:
Roster
Source:
Roster outlook
(*)Redshirt
Schedule
Regular season
Texas and the Big 12 announced the 2022 football schedule on December 1, 2021. Texas will play 7 home games, 4 away games, and 1 neutral site game. The 7 home games will be played against Louisiana-Monroe, Alabama, UTSA, West Virginia, Iowa State, TCU, and Baylor. The 4 away games will be played against Texas Tech, Oklahoma State, Kansas State, and Kansas. The 1 neutral site game will be played against Oklahoma at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas, Texas in the annual Red River Showdown.
Game summaries
vs. Louisiana–Monroe
Sources:Stats
vs. No. 1 Alabama
Sources:Stats
ESPN College GameDay announced that they were returning to Austin for the 8th time, and the first time since 2019. They were set up at the LBJ Lawn.
Fox brought their Big Noon Kickoff pregame show to Austin for the first time, it was set up at the Winship Circle as part of the "Hook 'Em Hangout".
vs. UTSA
Sources:Stats
at Texas Tech
Sources:Stats
vs. West Virginia
Sources:
vs. Oklahoma
Sources:
vs. Iowa State
Sources:
at Oklahoma State
Sources:
at Kansas State
Sources:
vs. TCU
Sources:
at Kansas
Sources:
vs. Baylor
Sources:
Statistics
Individual statistics
Defense
Key: POS: Position, SOLO: Solo Tackles, AST: Assisted Tackles, TOT: Total Tackles, TFL: Tackles-for-loss, SACK: Quarterback Sacks, INT: Interceptions, BU: Passes Broken Up, PD: Passes Defended, QBH: Quarterback Hits, FR: Fumbles Recovered, FF: Forced Fumbles, BLK: Kicks or Punts Blocked, SAF: Safeties, TD : Touchdown
Special teams
Awards and honors
TV ratings
All totals via Sports Media Watch. Streaming numbers not included. † - Data not available.
Rankings
References
Texas
Texas Longhorns football seasons
Texas Longhorns football
Jiang (, also romanized Gang, Geung, Gung, Chiang, Keung, Keong, Kiang) is one of the oldest Chinese surname, being one of the original xing (姓) surnames. It was one of the "Eight Great Xings of High Antiquity" (上古八大姓), along with Jī (), Yáo (), Yíng (), Sì (), Yún (), Guī () and Rèn (), though some sources quote Jí () as the last one instead of Rèn. Of these xing, only Jiang and Yao have survived in their original form to modern days as frequently occurring surnames. It is the 32nd surname listed in the Song dynasty-era Hundred Family Surnames poem. It is the 60th most common surname in China (2007), roughly 0.34% of the Han Chinese population. The Lu clan of Fanyang stem from this surname before taking on the Lu (盧) surname.
Derivative surnames of Jiang include Zhang,
Lü,
Qiu, Shen., These originated:
In the Qi (state), Jiang Ziya's descendants had the surname Jiang (姜)
In the Qi (state), those with the surname Huan (桓) changed it to Jiang (姜)
Chinese minority members of the population such as the Dong people, Tujia people, Yao people took the surname Jiang (姜)
During the Yuan Dynasty, Mongols were given the surname Jiang (姜)
During the Qing Dynasty, Russians, or the Eluosizu people, were given the surname Jiang (姜)
Additionally, it is the most common Hanja that represents the Korean surname Kang.
Notable people named 姜
Yan Emperor (炎帝), legendary ancient Chinese ruler in pre-dynastic era; also known as Shennong; the origin of surname Jiang; ancestral to Chinese culture and people; see Descendants of Yan and Huang (炎黄子孙);
Keung To (), a Hong Kong singer from boy group Mirror
Jiang Ziya (姜子牙), strategist and noble of Zhou dynasty; descendant of Yan Emperor (11th century BC)
Jiang Xiaobai (姜小白), Duke Huan of Qi (齐桓公); the head of state of the most prominent Hegemon Zhou dynasty in the Five Hegemons era (770-476 BC)
Jiang Wei (姜维), general of the state of Shu during the Three Kingdoms period of China (220–280 AD)
Jiang Gongfu (姜公辅), chancellor of the Tang Dynasty (618–907 AD)
Jiang Kui (姜夔), poet, composer, poetry theorist and calligrapher of the Song Dynasty (960–1279 AD)
Jiang Lifu (姜立夫), Chinese mathematician and educator widely regarded as the Father of modern Chinese mathematics
Jiang Boju (姜伯驹), Chinese mathematician specializes in topology; expanded Nielsen theory; professor and the first president of School of Mathematical Sciences at Peking University
Jiang Chunyun (姜春云), former Vice Premier of the People's Republic of China
Jiang Yu (姜瑜), diplomat of the People's Republic of China
Jiang Wen (姜文), actor and director (brother of Jiang Wu)
Jiang Wu (姜武), actor (brother of Jiang Wen)
Ted Chiang (姜峯楠), American science-fiction author
David Chiang (姜大衛), Hong Kong actor and martial artist
Chiang Chang-nien (姜昌年), a Hong Kong actor known by the stage name Paul Chun (秦沛) who is an older brother of another Hong Kong actor David Chiang
Derivative surnames
Zha (surname) (查)
References
Chinese-language surnames
Individual Chinese surnames
The Greater Brighton City Region is a city region in the south of England centred on Brighton and incorporating seven local government districts in East Sussex and West Sussex. The Greater Brighton Economic Board was created in April 2014 to oversee a 6-year programme of development and investment within the area. There are about one million people within the city region as of 2021.
Economic Board membership
The City Region was initially formed from five local authorities (Brighton and Hove, Mid Sussex, Worthing, Lewes and the Adur district), together with the South Downs National Park, the University of Sussex, the University of Brighton and the Greater Brighton Metropolitan College. The City Region was subsequently extended to include Crawley and Gatwick Airport on 6 February 2018 and Arun in 2019. The Chair of the Board is elected from amongst the local authority representatives on an annual basis, the current Chair of the Board is Cllr Phélim Mac Cafferty.
Colour key (for political parties):
Economy
In 2019 the city region was seen to support over 500,000 jobs and had a net worth of £23 billion. Creative industries worth more than £1.5 billion in the city region, with Brighton and Hove and Crawley boroughs being particular key areas. In its first six years of running the Economic Board was reported to have attracted £160 million of investment to the city region.
Demographics
References
External links
Greater Brighton City Region
Brighton
Metropolitan areas of England
Amir Ružnić (born 30 October 1972) is a Slovenian sports agent and former football player, who played as a midfielder and was capped once for the Slovenia national football team.
Playing career
During most of their playing career Ružnić played in the Slovenian PrvaLiga and has made a total of 179 league appearances for five different clubs; Izola, Maribor, Primorje, Koper, and Domžale (13).
Football Agent
After their career as a footballer, Ružnić became a football agent with their clients including; Josip Iličić, Jasmin Kurtić, Armin Bačinović, Dalibor Volaš, Aleksander Rajčević, Robert Berić, Aleš Mertelj, Aljaž Struna, Siniša Anđelković, Luka Krajnc, Elvis Bratanović, Anej Lovrečič, Jasmin Handanovič, Agim Ibraimi, Žan Benedičič and Anton Žlogar.
 They are also the agent of manager Darko Milanič.
References
1972 births
Living people
Association football agents
Slovenian footballers
Slovenia international footballers
Slovenian expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Serie B players
NK Maribor players
FC Koper players
NK Domžale players
Delfino Pescara 1936 players
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Place of birth missing (living people)
The black-capped tyrannulet (Phyllomyias nigrocapillus) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
black-capped tyrannulet
Birds of the Northern Andes
black-capped tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ypsolopha rubrella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found in the United States from California east to Colorado and Oklahoma.
The wingspan is about 18 mm.
The larvae feed on Berberis repens in Colorado and Berberis nervosa in coastal California.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
Fauna of the California chaparral and woodlands
Fauna of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Michael J. Apter (born 1939) is a British psychologist who was born in England and grew up in Bristol. They were educated at Clifton College (1965) and at Bristol University where they gained both their Bachelor of Science degree and their Doctorate in Psychology in 1965, having also spent a doctoral year at Princeton University. They taught for twenty years at Cardiff University in Wales and has since held invited positions at Purdue University, the University of Chicago, Yale University, University of Toulouse, and Georgetown University. They also taught at Northwestern University where they received a teaching award. They have held visiting positions at several additional universities and is a chartered psychologist and fellow of the British Psychological Society.
Apter's work has been mainly in personality, in particular reversal theory. Since 2011 Apter has been Key Principal of Apter Research LLC in Louisiana, United States.
Selected works
Apter, Michael J. (1966) Cybernetics and Development. Oxford: Pergamon Press.
Apter, Michael J. (1970/2018) The Computer Simulation of Behaviour. London. Routledge.
Apter, Michael J. (1982) The Experience of Motivation: The Theory of Psychological Reversals, London Academic Press.
Apter, Michael J. (1992) The Dangerous Edge: The Psychology of Excitement. New York. The Free Press.
Apter. Michael J. (2001) (Ed) Motivational Styles in Everyday Life. A Guide to Reversal Theory. Washington D.C.: American Psychological Association.
Apter. Michael J. (2007) Reversal Theory: The Dynamics of Motivation, Emotion and Personality 2nd, Edition. Oxford: Oneworld.
Apter, Michael J. (2018) Zigzag: Reversal and Paradox in Human Personality. Leicestershire U.K.: Matador.
References
Motivation
Personality
Artificial intelligence
British psychologists
Living people
1939 births
People from Stockton-on-Tees
Statewide and municipal elections were held in the U.S. state of Virginia on November 7, 2017. The main election being held in Virginia was the state's gubernatorial election. In addition, all of Virginia's House of Delegates seats were up for re-election. Primary elections for the House of Delegates and the governor were held on June 13, 2017. Ralph Northam (D) was elected to become the 73rd Governor of Virginia, Justin Fairfax (D) was elected to become the 41st Lieutenant Governor of Virginia, and Mark Herring (D) was reelected as the 47th Attorney General of Virginia.
Governor
The Virginia gubernatorial election of 2017 took place on November 7, 2017. Primaries took place on June 13, 2017. The incumbent governor, Democrat Terry McAuliffe, was not eligible to run for re-election due to term limits established by the Virginia Constitution. Virginia is the only state that prohibits its governor from serving consecutive terms.
The primary elections took place on June 13, 2017. Virginia utilizes an open primary, in which registered voters are allowed to vote in only one party's primary election.
Ralph Northam won the election to become the 73rd Governor of Virginia with 53.7% of the popular vote.
Lieutenant Governor
The Virginia lieutenant gubernatorial election of 2017 took place on November 7, 2017. The incumbent lieutenant governor, Democrat Ralph Northam, did not seek re-election in order to run for governor.
Justin Fairfax won the election to become the 41st Lieutenant Governor of Virginia with 52.7% of the popular vote.
Attorney General
The Virginia Attorney General election of 2017 took place on November 7, 2017. The incumbent attorney general, Democrat Mark Herring, ran for re-election to a second term.
Mark Herring was reelected as the 47th Attorney General of Virginia with 53.3% of the popular vote.
House of Delegates elections
All 100 seats were up for election in November.
Notable Races
Danica Roem became the first openly transgender candidate elected to a state legislature in the United States, unseating socially conservative incumbent Bob Marshall.
Chris Hurst, whose girlfriend was murdered on live TV in 2015, was elected to the House of Delegates, defeating incumbent Joseph Yost.
House Majority Whip Jackson Miller was defeated by Lee Carter, a 30-year-old Marine veteran endorsed by the Democratic Socialists of America.
Elizabeth Guzmán and Hala Ayala became the first Latina members of the House.
Kathy Tran became the first Asian American woman delegate after defeating Republican Lolita Mancheno-Smoak.
Dawn Adams became the first openly lesbian state lawmaker after defeating Republican incumbent, G.M. "Manoli" Loupassi.
Local elections
In an April 18, 2017 special election, Jacqueline Smith was elected Prince William County Clerk of Circuit Court. That they won with an 8-point margin of victory after having been outspent seven-to-one by a politician with greater name recognition was viewed by Republicans as a sign of Democratic momentum. Democratic state senator Jeremy McPike argued that Smith's victory boded well for Democratic turnout in the state election.
In a special election in Chesterfield County on November 7th, Jenefer Hughes defeated Republican incumbent Tim McPeters with over 55% of the vote to become the county's next Commissioner of Revenue, marking the first time in over 37 years the post has gone to a Democrat.
References
Virginia
Sorribes de la Vansa is a locality located in the municipality of La Vansa i Fórnols, in Province of Lleida province, Catalonia, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 28.
Geography
Sorribes de la Vansa is located 165km northeast of Lleida.
References
Populated places in the Province of Lleida
The Nathaniel J. Neal Unit is a state prison for men located in unincorporated Potter County, Texas, near Amarillo. It is owned and operated by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice. This facility was opened in December 1994, and a maximum capacity of 1732 male inmates held at various security levels. Sergio Perez, Senior Warden - Charles Bristow, Assistant Warden.
The prison is immediately adjacent to the state's Clements Unit.
References
Prisons in Texas
Buildings and structures in Potter County, Texas
1994 establishments in Texas
William Winston Seaton (January 11, 1785 – June 16, 1866) was an American journalist and the thirteenth Mayor of Washington, D.C.
Life
They were born in King William County, Virginia. From 1812 until 1860 they are, with their brother-in-law Joseph Gales, proprietor of the National Intelligencer at Washington, D.C. From 1812 until 1820 the two were the only reporters of congressional proceedings. Their Annals of Congress, Debates and Proceedings in the Congress of the United States from 3 March 1798, till 27 May 1824 (42 volumes, 1834–1856), and their Register of Debates in Congress from 1824 till 1837 (29 volumes, 1827–37) are sources of the utmost importance on the history of the times.
In 1809, they married Sarah Weston Gales (1790–1863), the daughter of newspaper publisher Joseph Gales Sr. and novelist Winifred Gales. Sarah spoke French and Spanish, and did occasional work for the National Intelligencer as a translator; they had 11 children.
Mayor of Washington D.C.
Seaton served on the Washington Board of Aldermen from 1819 to 1831, and was elected Mayor of Washington in 1840. However, Seaton was a Whig — the political party formed in opposition to the policies of the Democrats who then controlled both the Congress and the presidency. Federal officials were so distraught at Seaton's election that the Senate introduced legislation that would abolish the city's charter; thanks to petitions from District citizens and sympathetic Senators, the bill was tabled after three readings.
During their 10 years as mayor, Seaton was instrumental in the development of the city's public education system and in numerous civic improvements, including telegraph and gas lines as well as the construction of the first waterworks.
Founding of St. John's Episcopal Church, Lafayette Square
To supply this great need the residents in what was known as the First and Second Wards of Washington-lying between Georgetown and Sixth Street-in the year 1814 took decided measures to procure the erection of a church in the part of the city referred to. The persons who seem to have been most actively engaged in this work were Thomas H Gillis, James Davidson, Lund Washington, Peter Hagner, John Graham (diplomat), John Peter Van Ness, Joshua Dawson, William Winston Seaton, John Tayloe III, Thomas Munroe, James Thompson, James H. Blake, David Easton and Joseph Gales, Jr.
Societies
During the 1820s, Seaton was a member of the prestigious society, Columbian Institute for the Promotion of Arts and Sciences, who counted among their members former presidents Andrew Jackson and John Quincy Adams and many prominent men of the day, including well-known representatives of the military, government service, medical and other professions.
Later life
Seaton died in 1866 of skin cancer and was interred at Holmead's Burying Ground in Washington, D.C. They were later disinterred, and moved to an unmarked grave at Congressional Cemetery.
References
Sources
William Winston Seaton of the 'National Intelligencer' By Josephine Seaton
Chest of Books
External links
American male journalists
Mayors of Washington, D.C.
Burials at the Congressional Cemetery
1785 births
Seaton, William, Winston
People from King William County, Virginia
Burials at Holmead's Burying Ground
19th-century American politicians
Journalists from Virginia
Historians from Virginia
The Royal Palace of the Kingdom of Tonga is located in the northwest of the capital, Nukualofa, close to the Pacific Ocean. The wooden Palace, which was built in 1867, is the official residence of the King of Tonga. The palace is not open to the public, and it is easily visible from the waterfront.
Overview
In line with the deference the Tongans have for the Royal Family, poets almost never refer to the palace (pālasi) by name, but use heliaki or allegoric references like: Fanga-tapu ("sacred beach", the stretch of shoreline fronting the building), Loto-ā ("inside the fence"), Ā-maka ("stone fence"), Hangai Tokelau ("north wind against", the name of a tree near the kitchen), and so forth.
The old, metre-high stone fence was so sacred to the king that none would dare sit on it, let alone cross it. However, after 1990, King Tāufaʻāhau Tupou IV had a 3-metre high grid fence erected. After 2000, some people broke through the gates with trucks, prompting the installation of iron bars to secure the gates.
Other royal residences
The King and royal family have several more palaces to choose from. There is a palace in Fuaamotu, as well as Kauvai near Longoteme, Liukava ("revolution") in Kolovai, and both Tufumāhina and Vila (villa) between Koloua and Pea.
Vila was built by Crown Prince Tupoutoa in the 1990s, who lived there upon their accession as King George Tupou V, far away from any neighbours. Since their death, that palace remained largely unused, but in 2010 major renovations were conducted. A new fence was erected and new wings added to house the Tongan National Archives on one side, and offices of the Privy Council of Tonga on the other side. It is expected that the king will also hold royal audiences there again, instead of the now-deserted residence of the former British High Commissioner.
There is Tauakipulu palace on Lifuka in Haapai, Fangatongo ("mangrove beach") near Talau on Vavau, and there are residences in Niuafoou and Niuatoputapu. The palace of Eua is just north of the harbour in Taanga. In the 1980s, Taufa'ahau Tupou IV had a new palace built on a mountaintop near Houma, but it was unused and by around 1990 only the artistically made bathtub remained, overgrown by weeds and disappearing sometime around 2000.
Significant events
In February 2017, a vigil marked by choral singing and small fires was held at the perimeter of the Royal Palace on the eve of the funeral of Queen Mother Halaevalu Mataʻaho ʻAhomeʻe, who died on 19 February.
References
External links
Tongan monarchs
Palaces in Tonga
Buildings and structures in Nukuʻalofa
Royal residences in Tonga
Houses completed in 1867
Victorian architecture
On 10 December 2003, paratroopers from 3rd Brigade, 82d Airborne Division with the assistance of Iraqi police conducted Operation Panther Squeeze. The operation was part of the Iraq War.
Operation
Operation Panther Squeeze was a series of 18 raids in Lutafiyah to kill or capture individuals believed to be responsible for the attack against Spanish forces on 29 November.
During the raids, 15 primary targets were captured with a total of 41 enemy personnel taken for questioning. Those captured included the cell leader Abu Abdullah, an intelligence officer, financier, and a doctor who treated terrorists so they can avoid treatment at local hospitals, and the actual attackers.
A vehicle was also confiscated that may have been used in the recent assassination of the Lutafiyah police chief.
American units
3rd Brigade, 82d Airborne Division
1st Brigade, 1st Infantry Division
Iraqi units
Iraqi Police
See also
List of coalition military operations of the Iraq War
References
External links
Defend America News
Military operations of the Iraq War involving the United States
Military operations of the Iraq War involving Iraq
Military operations of the Iraq War in 2003
Iraqi insurgency (2003–2011)
Events from the year 1621 in literature.
Events
January 27 – Sir Francis Bacon is created Viscount St Alban.
February 3 – John Chamberlain writes to Sir Dudley Carleton telling them the anonymous author of the tract Vox Populi has been revealed to be the radical preacher Thomas Scott.
May 3 – Sir Francis Bacon is imprisoned in the Tower of London after being convicted of receiving bribes, but pardoned by King James I later in the year.
August 26 – Barten Holyday's allegorical play Technogamia, originally produced at Christ Church, Oxford in 1618, is staged before James I at Woodstock Palace. They dislike it, but is persuaded to stay to the end for the student actors' sakes.
September 24 – The earliest known copy of the Corante, generally regarded as the first English newspaper, is published.
November 22 – The English poet John Donne is installed as Dean of St Paul's Cathedral in London.
December 30 – The Spanish writer Francisco de Borja y Aragón is replaced as Viceroy of Peru by Juan Jiménez de Montalvo, and embarks for home on the following day.
Uncertain date
Jeremias Drexel gives up preaching in order to write a biography of Elisabeth of Lorraine.
New books
Prose
William Alabaster – De bestia Apocalypsis
Robert Burton – The Anatomy of Melancholy
Méric Casaubon – Pietas contra maledicos patrii Nominis et Religionis Hostes
Mao Yuanyi (茅元儀, editor) – Wubei Zhi (武備志, Treatise on Armaments)
John Reynolds – The triumphs of Gods revenge, against the crying, and execrable sinne of murther
Rachel Speght – Mortalities Memorandum
John Taylor – Taylor's Motto
John Widdowes – A Description of the World
Lady Mary Wroth – The Countess of Montgomery's Urania
Drama
Francis Beaumont, John Fletcher, & Philip Massinger – Thierry and Theodoret (published)
Thomas Dekker, John Ford, & William Rowley – The Witch of Edmonton
Ben Jonson – The Gypsies Metamorphosed
Tirso de Molina – El vergonzoso en palacio
Poetry
George Wither – Wither's Motto
Births
January 27 – Thomas Willis, English physician and natural philosopher (died 1675)
March 18 – Henry Teonge, English diarist and naval chaplain (died 1690)
March 31 – Andrew Marvell, English poet (died 1678)
April 25 – Roger Boyle, 1st Earl of Orrery, Anglo-Irish dramatist (died 1679)
July 8 – Jean de La Fontaine, French author of fables (died 1695)
December 3 – Bohuslav Balbín, Czech Jesuit writer (died 1688)
December 14 (baptised) – Thomas Long, English writer and cleric (died 1707)
unknown date – Jane Cavendish, English poet and playwright (died 1669)
probable – Françoise Bertaut de Motteville, French memoirist (died 1689)
Possible year (1621 or 1622) – Richard Allestree, English scholar and cleric (died 1681)
Deaths
January 25 – François Pithou, French author and jurist (born 1543)
March 4 – Ana de Jesús, Spanish nun and writer (born 1545)
May 11 – Johann Arndt, German theologian (born 1555)
June – William Strachey, English eye-witness historian (born 1572)
August 3 – Guillaume du Vair, French writer (born 1556)
August 15 – John Barclay, Scottish writer (born 1582)
September 25 – Mary Sidney, English playwright and translator (born 1561)
October 7 or 8 – Antoine de Montchrestien, French adventurer and dramatist (born c. 1575)
December 4 – Andrew Willet, English polemicist and cleric (born 1562)
unknown date – Ludwig Hollonius, German dramatist (born c. 1570)
Notelist
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Altbach Power Station is a coal-fired power plant owned and operated by EnBW at Altbach, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It has an output capacity of 1,036 MWe, 783MW being coal fired divided amongst two 420-30MW units and 253MW of gas fired capacity divided amongst four units ranging from 53-85MW. The power station is also connected to the Mittlerer Neckar district heating system.
The first power plant on the Altbach site was built in 1899. The precursors of the current power plant went into service in 1950 (unit 1) and in 1956 and 1958 (units 2 and 3). Unit 1 was shut down in 1982 and demolished in 1985. Units 2 and 3 were shut down and demolished in 1993.
Unit 1 was replaced by a new unit in 1985 and units 2 and 3 by a new unit in 1997. Both units have 250 metre tall chimneys.
Unit 1 from 1985 received architectural landmark status in November 2021. Like the visitor center and the new Unit 2, it is the work of the German Architect Gerhard Feuser of the group Angerer & Feuser.
The power station also features a forced draft cooling tower which is used to cool the remaining water not used in the heating system.
Gallery
References
Coal-fired power stations in Germany
Buildings and structures in Esslingen (district)
Andrei Viktorovich Gruzdev (; born 21 May 1977 in Kineshma, RSFSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian ski-orienteering competitor and world champion.
Ski orienteering
They received a gold medal in sprint at the 2002 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Borovetz, and a gold medal in the middle distance in Levi in 2005. In 2007 they won a gold medal in the relay event (with Kirill Veselov and Eduard Khrennikov). They have received two individual silver medals and three bronze medals at the world championships.
At the World Cup in Ski Orienteering in 2000 Gruzdev finished overall second, behind winner Eduard Khrennikov.
References
Living people
Russian orienteers
Male orienteers
Ski-orienteers
1977 births
Maria Enrica Spacca (L'Aquila, 20 March 1986) is an Italian sprinter (400 m). They were a component of the national relay team that holds the two Italian records (outdoor and indoor) at the 4x400 m relay.
Biography
In their career they have twice won the national championships. They have 24 caps for the national team from 2006.
National records
4x400 metres relay: 3:25.71 ( Barcelona, 1 August 2010) - with Chiara Bazzoni, Marta Milani, Libania Grenot
4x400 metres relay indoor: 3:31.99 ( Sopot, 8 March 2014) - with Chiara Bazzoni, Marta Milani, Elena Maria Bonfanti
4x400 metres relay indoor: 3:31.55 ( Birmingham, 4 March 2018) - current holder with Ayomide Folorunso, Raphaela Lukudo, Chiara Bazzoni
Achievements
National titles
1 win at the 400 metres at the Italian Athletics Championships (2012)
1 win at the 400 metres at the Italian Athletics Indoor Championships (2012)
See also
Italian records in athletics
Italian all-time lists - 4x400 metres hurdles
References
External links
1986 births
Italian female sprinters
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Italy
People from L'Aquila
Athletics competitors of Gruppo Sportivo Forestale
Athletics competitors of Centro Sportivo Carabinieri
European Athletics Championships medalists
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Italy
Athletes (track and field) at the 2013 Mediterranean Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for Italy
Athletics competitors of Gruppo Sportivo Esercito
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
Olympic female sprinters
Sportspeople from the Province of L'Aquila
20th-century Italian women
21st-century Italian women
WETA-TV (channel 26) is the primary PBS member television station in Washington, D.C. Owned by the Greater Washington Educational Telecommunications Association, it is a sister station to NPR member WETA (90.9 FM). The two outlets share studios in nearby Arlington County, Virginia; WETA-TV's transmitter is located in the Tenleytown neighborhood in Northwest Washington.
WETA-TV also effectively, but unofficially serves as one of three flagship stations of PBS, alongside WGBH-TV in Boston and WNET in New York City. Among the programs produced by WETA-TV that are distributed nationally by PBS are the PBS NewsHour, Washington Week, and several cultural and documentary programs, such as the Ken Burns documentaries and A Capitol Fourth.
History
In 1952, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) allocated 242 channels for non-commercial use across the United States; channel 26 was allocated for use in Washington, D.C. In 1953, the Greater Washington Educational Television Association (GWETA) was formed to file for a channel 26 construction permits, joining the D.C. Board of Education. The Board of Education would drop its bid in 1954. GWETA credits Elizabeth Campbell with having founded the organization. In the early days, before it was granted a license for its own channel, GWETA produced educational programming for WMAL-TV and WTTG.
An application was finally filed on May 3, 1961, and approved on June 12, for a construction permit for the channel. GWETA was eventually granted a license by the FCC to activate channel 26; WETA-TV first signed on the air on October 2, 1961, with the first televised class being aired on October 16. WETA originally operated out of Yorktown High School in Arlington; the station later relocated its operations to the campus of Howard University in 1964. Rapid growth led a station that had been described as having "a rough time meeting the monthly bills" in 1963 to even pursue thoughts of a second channel in 1965. In 1967, WETA began producing Washington Week in Review (now simply titled Washington Week), a political discussion program that became the station's first program to be syndicated nationally to other non-commercial educational stations and is now the network's longest-running public affairs program.
Around 1970, the Greater Washington Educational Television Association changed its name to the Greater Washington Educational Telecommunications Association to reflect the oversight of the new WETA (FM). In 1972, the producing organization National Public Affairs Center for Television merged into WETA. In 1992, WETA broadcast the first publicized over-the-air high-definition television signal in the United States. In 1995, WETA acquired CapAccess, an interactive computer network. From that acquisition, WETA helped connect public schools, public libraries and local government agencies to the Internet.
In 1996, WETA launched its first national educational project, LD Online, a website that seeks to help children and adults reach their full potential by providing accurate and up-to-date information and advice about learning disabilities and ADHD. It was joined in 2001 by Reading Rockets, a multimedia project offering information and resources on how young kids learn to read, why so many struggles, and how caring adults can help. In 2003, Reading Rockets spun off Colorín Colorado, a free web-based service that provides information, activities, and advice for educators, and Spanish-speaking families of English language learners (ELLs). To support the parents and educators of older students who struggle with reading, WETA launched Adlit.org in 2007. AdLit.org is a multimedia educational initiative offering research (articles, instructional strategies, school-based outreach events, professional development webcasts, and book recommendation) to develop teens' literacy skills, prevent school dropouts, and prepare students for the demands of college. Seeing a need to educate the public about brain injuries, in 2008 WETA, in partnership with the Defense and Veterans Brain Injury Center, launched BrainLine.org. The site features videos, webcasts, recent research, personal stories, and articles on preventing, treating, and living with traumatic brain injuries.
In 1997, WETA tested its new full-power digital transmitter by broadcasting the first-ever high definition telecast of a live Major League Baseball game to the National Press Club; the digital facility was activated for full-time broadcasting in November 1998.
With the national closure of the PBS Kids network in 2005, WETA did not become a PBS Kids Sprout partner. By April 2006, the station had added World programming to a subchannel prior to its January 2007 launch as a nationwide network. In 2007, WETA started broadcasting a children's channel. In February 2009, WETA only aired a daily three-hour children's morning block on its primary channel, clearing the afternoon for general audience programs like Charlie Rose, travel shows, repeats of the previous night's prime-time shows, movies, documentaries, and miniseries.
WETA decided to drop Create due to the network moving to being fee-based on July 1, 2012 and perceived lack of programming flexibility. WETA How-To lifestyle programming replaced Create in January 2012. How-To was replaced by WETA UK on July 4, 2012 after an analysis of audience and local viewers' demand for British programs.
Technical information
Subchannels
The station's digital channel is multiplexed:
Channel 26.2, "WETA UK", is a subchannel programmed in-house with a schedule of shows produced in the United Kingdom. Channel 26.5, "WETA Metro", is also produced in-house and focuses on timeshifted rebroadcasts of news programming and reruns that interest a local audience.
Analog-to-digital conversion
WETA-TV shut down its analog signal, on UHF channel 26, on June 12, 2009, the official date in which full-power television stations in the United States transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate. The station's digital signal continued to broadcasts on its pre-transition UHF channel 27. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display the station's virtual channel as its former UHF analog channel 26.
References
External links
WETA – WETA-TV PBS 26's official website
National Education Projects - links to WETA's other websites
History of WETA (requires proprietary software)
WETA's First Broadcast: A New Era (1961) Documentary produced by WETA-TV
PBS member stations
Television channels and stations established in 1961
1961 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Members of the Cultural Alliance of Greater Washington
ETA-TV
The Agreement on Net Financial Assets (ANFA) is an agreement between European Central Bank (ECB) and national central banks (NCB) concerning the
purchase of sovereign debt (financial assets) by the central banks.
By end of 2015 the total amount of such purchases had risen to around €560 billion.
In a press conference on 3 December 2015, Mario Draghi, President of the ECB, declared that
such purchases are "often (...) very hard to understand" but denied claims of any monetary financing by NCBs.
In the beginning, details of the treaty had not been published. Critics demanded the agreement to be disclosed. However, according to ECB this was not necessary because ANFA "is an internal technical document".
Only on 5 February 2016, the agreement was published by the ECB along with an updated version of the questions and answers document
Hans-Werner Sinn, the President of the Ifo Institute for Economic Research criticized that ANFA “allows states to print money in their own basement which is recognized as lawful money in other countries.”
External links
Text of the agreement (PDF, 2.4 MB), ECB, published on 5 February 2016
References
Eurozone
is a Japanese actor.
They were born in Kumamoto Prefecture. Harumi Inoue is their older sister, and they worked together in Rock Musical Bleach.
They have acted in television dramas and musicals, as well as a movie.  They are best known for their role as Izuru Kira in Rock Musical BLEACH when they joined the cast in 2006 for Rock Musical Bleach Saien. They also briefly portrayed Takashi Kawamura in The Prince of Tennis musical series (commonly called Tenimyu) for the More Than Limit: St. Rudolph Gakuen musical.
Kitamura reprised the role of Kawamura with the revived 1st generation Seigaku cast for Tenimyus Dream Live 7th concert to celebrate the end of the first season.
Filmography
Drama
, Fuji TV （フジテレビジョン|フジテレビ）
ごくせん (テレビドラマ)|ごくせん（日本テレビ放送網|日本テレビ）
天国に一番近い男（日本テレビ放送網|日本テレビ）
伝説の教師（日本テレビ放送網|日本テレビ）
美少女H（フジテレビジョン|フジテレビ）
FACE～見知らぬ恋人～（日本テレビ放送網|日本テレビ）
またのお越しを（東京放送|TBS）
Dragonzakura (Ep.08)
新宿スワン（テレビ朝日）
世にも奇妙な物語 ( "イマキヨさん" ~ Hiroshi)
仮面ライダーディケイド (Kamen Rider Decade ep. 06 & 07 as Haguro Ren/Kamen Rider Knight)
Film
ウォーターボーイズ
樹の海（JUKAI）
オトシモノ
13の月
ピカ☆ンチ LIFE IS HARD だけど HAPPY
ピカ☆☆ンチ LIFE IS HARD だから HAPPY
Ghost Train (Shigeru)
Musical
The Prince of Tennis Musical: More Than Limit St. Rudolph Gakuen - Takashi Kawamura
The Prince of Tennis Musical: Dream Live 7th (2010) - Takashi KawamuraRock Musical BLEACH series (as Izuru Kira) Rock Musical BLEACH Saien
'Rock Musical BLEACH: The Dark of The Bleeding Moon
'Rock Musical BLEACH: Live Bankai Show Code 001
''''Rock Musical BLEACH: No Clouds in the Blue Heaven
Rock Musical BLEACH The
Rock Musical BLEACH: Live Bankai Show Code 002
Rock Musical BLEACH: Live Bankai Show Code 003Other Stage Work' 研修医魂 (aka Kendama)
TOWER OF SUGAR
ソウガ (SOUGA)
Trivia
Although Eiki acted in only two musicals of Tenimyu, they got to work with many of graduated members of the first Seigaku cast who got roles in BLEACH''.
External links
Official website (in Japanese)
Official blog (in Japanese)
TFL.org Approved Fanlisting
Japanese male film actors
1981 births
Living people
Japanese male television actors
Japanese male stage actors
People from Kumamoto Prefecture
21st-century Japanese male actors
Japanese male musical theatre actors
Valmar Adams (born Vladimir Karl Moritz Adams; 30 January 1899 – 15 March 1993) was an Estonian poet, literary scholar and editor. They also used pseudonyms Vilmar Adams (1924–1933), Vladimir Aleksandrovski and Inno Vask.
Adams was born in St. Petersburg in 1899 to Estonian parents. In 1909, they relocated to Tartu. Between 1923 and 1929, they studied at the University of Tartu and graduated with master's degree in Estonian and general literature.
When in 1928 the Estonian PEN Club (branch of PEN International) was founded, Adams was one of its founding members. 1940–1941, they were the editor-in-chief for the newspaper Tartu Kommunist ('Tartu Communist').
In 1986, the film about Valmar Adams titled Intiimne Adams ('Intimate Adams') was made. They died in Tartu in 1993, aged 94.
Their son Jüri Adams was a politician and former Justice Minister of Estonia.
Selected works
1924 poetry collection "Suudlus lumme" ('A Kiss into the Snow')
1932 poetry collection "Maise matka poolel teel" ('Halfway through One's Earthly Journey')
1972 poetry collection "Nooruse tolmunud kuld" ('The Dusty Gold of Youth')
1987 novel "Esta astub ellu" ('Esta Enters upon Life')
References
External links
Valmar Adams at Estonian Writers' Online Dictionary
1899 births
1993 deaths
Estonian male poets
20th-century Estonian writers
20th-century Estonian poets
University of Tartu alumni
Estonian literary scholars
Visa requirements for Dominican Republic citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of the Dominican Republic. Along with Cuba and Haiti, the Dominican Republic passport is considered the weakest passport in Latin America for traveling.
Dominican Republic citizens are among only few Latin American nations, such as Bolivia and Ecuador, that still does not enjoy visa free regime with the European Union. Japan requires a visa now.
As of 22 September 2022, holders of a Dominican Republic passport could travel to only 70 countries and territories without a travel visa or with a visa on arrival, ranking the Dominican Republic passport 78th in terms of travel freedom, according to the Henley Passport Index,
Visa requirements map
Dependent, Disputed, or Restricted territories
Visa requirements for Dominican Republic citizens for visits to various territories, disputed areas, partially recognised countries and restricted zones:
Non-visa restrictions
See also
Visa policy of the Dominican Republic
Dominican Republic passport
References and Notes
References
Notes
Dominican Republic
Foreign relations of the Dominican Republic
Sabadini is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bernardo Sabadini (died 1718), Italian opera composer
Gaetano Sabadini (1703–1731), Italian Baroque painter
Giuseppe Sabadini (born 1949), Italian footballer and manager
Irene Sabadini Italian mathematician
See also
Sabatini (disambiguation)
Italian-language surnames
NCES may refer to:
National Center for Education Statistics, part of the U.S. Department of Education
Net-Centric Enterprise Services, a United States Department of Defense program
Normal curve equivalents, a type of scale score based on the normal curve
See also
NCE (disambiguation)
The meningeal lymphatic vessels (or meningeal lymphatics) are a network of conventional lymphatic vessels located parallel to the dural venous sinuses and middle meningeal arteries of the mammalian central nervous system (CNS). As a part of the lymphatic system, the meningeal lymphatics are responsible for draining immune cells, small molecules, and excess fluid from the CNS into the deep cervical lymph nodes. Cerebrospinal fluid, and interstitial fluid are exchanged, and drained by the meningeal lymphatic vessels.
While it was historically believed that both the brain and meninges were devoid of lymphatic vasculature, recent studies by Antoine Louveau and Jonathan Kipnis at the University of Virginia, submitted in October 2014, and by Aleksanteri Aspelund, Salli Antila and Kari Alitalo at the University of Helsinki submitted in December 2014, identified and described the basic biology of the meningeal lymphatics using a combination of histological, live-imaging, and genetic tools. In general, their work is thought to extend that of the Danish neuroscientist Maiken Nedergaard in identifying the pathway connecting the glymphatic system to the meningeal compartment.
The role that the meningeal lymphatics plays in neurological disease is yet to be explored. It is hypothesized that they may contribute to autoimmune and inflammatory diseases of the CNS due to their role in connecting the immune and nervous systems.
Background
In peripheral organs, lymphatic vessels are responsible for conducting lymph between different parts of the body. In general, lymphatic drainage is important for maintaining fluid homeostasis as well as providing a means for immune cells to traffic into draining lymph nodes from other parts of the body, allowing for immune surveillance of bodily tissues.
The first mention of meningeal lymphatic vessels can be attributed to Paolo Mascagni, whose anatomical work towards the end of the eighteenth century suggested their presence; however, this work received little attention or acceptance. In 1953, Italian scientist Lecco identified putative lymphatic vessels in post-mortem human dura. Further research in the 1960s described the existence of meningeal lymphatics, but these findings were not accepted by the field due to their limited methodology.
Prior to the discovery of true meningeal lymphatic vessels, it was generally believed that the mammalian CNS did not contain a lymphatic system and thus relied upon alternative routes of waste clearance such as the glymphatic system, a cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) drainage pathway under the cribriform plate and into the lymphatics of the nasal mucosa, and arachnoid granulations to clear itself of excess protein, fluid, and metabolic waste products. Furthermore, the presumed absence of CNS lymphatics was an important pillar in the long-held dogma that the CNS is an immune-privileged tissue to which immune cells have highly restricted access under normal physiological conditions.
Discovery
Although, several studies proposed the existence of lymphatic vessels in the dura mater, the presence of the meningeal lymphatic system was accepted in 2015, when two independent studies published by Louveau et al. and Aspelund et al. provided convincing data using novel methods. Louveau et al. noticed an unusual alignment of immune cells along the dural sinus using a meningeal whole-mount technique. Using lymphatic endothelial cell-specific markers and electron microscopy, the authors found that the immune cells were not inside blood vessels, but rather were organized inside lymphatic vessels within the meninges, a system of membranes that envelop the brain and spinal cord.
Aspelund et al. had discovered that in the eye, another immune-privileged organ, the Schlemm's canal is a lymphatic-like vessel. As Schlemm's canal was previously considered to be a venous sinus, the authors subsequently hypothesized that similar vessels may also be found in the brain due to its similarly immune-privileged status. However, a recent study reported the absence of lymphatic vessels in the spinal cord dura of rat despite harboring numerous LYVE1+ cells.
In an interview with Ira Flatow on NPR's Science Friday, Kipnis described the meningeal lymphatics as "well-hidden" when asked how, unlike the rest of the lymphatic system, they had remained unmapped into the 21st century. While many scientists study the brain parenchyma proper, Kipnis explained, their lab is relatively unique in studying the meninges:
Visualization
To visualize the dura mater using immunohistochemistry, the dura must first be fixed within the skullcap. It is prepared by cutting around the base of the skull (inferior to the post-tympanic hook) and removing the lower portion of the skull and brain. Following fixation, the dura can be dissected out of the skullcap as a single piece of tissue that can be utilized for histological analysis.
In transgenic mice containing Prox1-GFP or Vegfr3-LacZ reporter genes, the lymphatic vessels may be visualized by fluorescent microscopy or after X-gal staining, respectively.
The meningeal lymphatics may also be visualized non-invasively by MRI, using MRI contrast agents such as gadobutrol and gadofosveset to reveal the presence of the vessels near the dura mater.
Biology
Anatomy and route of drainage
The meningeal lymphatic system is composed of a network of vessels along the dural sinus in the dura which express lymphatic endothelial cell marker proteins, including PROX1, LYVE1, and PDPN. The vessels extend along the length of both the superior sagittal and transverse sinuses and directly connects to the deep cervical lymph nodes. These meningeal lymphatic vessels drain down and exit the skull along the dural venous sinuses and meningeal arteries. Meningeal lymphatic vessels also drain out of the skull alongside cranial nerves and through the cribriform plate. Molecular profiling indicates that the vessels are conventional lymphatic vessels: they express high levels of PROX1, LYVE1, PDPN and VEGFR3, but low levels of PECAM1. Meningeal lymphatic vessels absorb cerebrospinal fluid and drain into the deep cervical lymph nodes.
Several unique attributes differentiate meningeal lymphatic vessels from lymphatic vessels in peripheral organs. Compared to peripheral lymphatic vessels, the meningeal lymphatic network is markedly less complex, with far less tissue coverage and lymphatic branching. Furthermore, meningeal lymphatic vessels are generally smaller than those in the periphery and display a structural homogeneity along the dural sinuses, remaining thinner and mostly unbranched along the superior sagittal sinus while growing larger and more branched along the transverse sinuses. The meningeal lymphatic vessels are also unique for their scarcity of valves, which prevent back-flow of lymph. While the vessels in the superior parts of the skull were mostly devoid of valves, the larger lymphatic vessels of the basal parts only contain scattered valves.
Development
Development of the dural lymphatic system requires expression of vascular endothelial growth factor C (VEGFC) and its receptor, VEGFR3 (which is the major signaling pathway for lymphatic growth). Meningeal lymphatic vessels increase in diameter when exposed to recombinant VEGFC and completely fail to develop when VEGFC and VEGFD signaling is inhibited during embryogenesis, indicating that meningeal lymphatics share developmental characteristics with peripheral lymphatics. In addition to its role in the development of the dural lymphatics, VEGFR3 signaling is required for lymphatic vessel maintenance in the adult meninges. Mechanical forces and shear stress generated by lymph flow are also required for later stages of meningeal lymphatic vessel formation and maturation.
Physiological functions
Like peripheral lymphatic vessels, the meningeal lymphatics serve both the tissue drainage and immune cell trafficking functions of the lymphatic system. Multiphoton live imaging experiments performed on anesthetized mice have demonstrated that the meningeal lymphatics are capable of draining fluorescent dyes injected intracisternally into the CSF, indicating that the meningeal lymphatics are capable of draining fluid from their surrounding environment. Histological analysis revealed that the meningeal lymphatics constitutively contain T cells, B cells, and MHC class II-expressing myeloid cells, demonstrating that meningeal lymphatic vessels are capable of carrying immune cells.
Furthermore, tracing the outflow of compounds injected into the brain parenchyma have indicated that meningeal lymphatics function downstream of the glymphatic system. Genetically engineered mice which lack the meningeal lymphatic vessels demonstrated attenuated clearance of macromolecules from the brain. The uptake of tracers from the brain into deep cervical lymph nodes was completely abrogated. However, brain interstitial fluid pressure and water content were unaffected. These data suggested that meningeal lymphatic vessels are important for the clearance of macromolecules from the brain parenchyma, but in physiological settings the brain can compensate in solute clearance.
Role in disease
The role that the meningeal lymphatics play in diseases of the nervous system is an area of active research, particularly for neurological disorders in which immunity is a fundamental player, such as multiple sclerosis, Alzheimer's disease (AD), amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, Hennekam syndrome, and Prader-Willi syndrome. Impaired clearance of ISF waste has been associated with accelerated accumulation of toxic amyloid beta, the main component of amyloid plaques in AD.
Significance
The paper by Jonathan Kipnis and their postdoctoral fellow Antoine Louveau was published in 2015 and by 2017, this paper had been cited more than 1200 times.
The discovery of meningeal lymphatic vessels has attracted attention from many sources, and was touted as a scientific breakthrough in lists such as Scientific Americans "Top 10 Science Stories of 2015", Science Magazines "Breakthrough of the Year", Huffington Post's "Eight Fascinating Things We Learned About the Mind in 2015" and the National Institutes of Health's director Francis Collins's year end review. In 2017, Business Insider highlighted this as the biggest discovery ever made in Virginia. In 2019, the history of the brain lymphatic system was narrated by Stefano Sandrone et al in Nature Medicine.
References
Lymphatic system
Central nervous system
Antonio Dusi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, mainly active in Brescia. They were initially a pupil of Antonio Paglia. One of their pupils was Santo Cattaneo.
References
They painted the St Charles, Antony of Padua, Anne and Joseph venerate the Crucifix used for a main altarpiece in the church of Madonna del Lino, Brescia.
17th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Painters from Brescia
Year of death unknown
Italian Baroque painters
Year of birth unknown
The Exmouth spiny-tailed gecko (Strophurus rankini), also known commonly as Rankin's spiny-tailed gecko, is a species of lizard in the family Diplodactylidae. The species is endemic to Western Australia.
Etymology
The specific name, rankini, is in honor of Australian herpetologist Peter Rankin (1955–1979), who was collecting lizards at night in New Caledonia, when they fell from a tree and died.
Geographic range
S. rankini is found in the Exmouth Gulf region of coastal Western Australia, including Bernier Island.
Habitat
The natural habitat of S. rankini is shrubland in the supralittoral zone.
Description
S. rankini may attain a snout-to-vent length (SVL) of . The length of the tail is about two-thirds the SVL. Dorsally, S. rankini is pale gray, darker on the snout and lips. Ventrally, it is grayish white.
Reproduction
S. rankini is oviparous.
References
Further reading
Ellis RJ, Doughty P, Bauer AM (2018). "An annotated type catalogue of the geckos and pygopods (Squamata: Gekkota: Carphodactylidae, Diplodactylidae, Gekkonidae, Pygopodidae) in the collection of the Western Australian Museum". Records of the Western Australian Museum 33 (1): 051–094.
Cogger HG (2014). Reptiles and Amphibians of Australia, Seventh Edition. Clayton, Victoria, Australia: CSIRO Publishing. xxx + 1,033 pp. .
Laube A, Langner C (2007). "Die Gattung Strophurus". Draco 8 (29): 49–66. (in German).
Rösler H (2000). "Kommentierte Liste der rezent, subrezent und fossil bekannten Geckotaxa (Reptilia: Gekkonomorpha)". Gekkota 2: 28-153. (Strophurus rankini, p. 115). (in German).
Storr GM (1979). "Five new lizards from Western Australia". Records of the Western Australian Museum 8 (1): 134–142. (Diplodactylus rankini, new species, pp. 134–136, Plate 1).
Wilson, Steve; Swan, Gerry (2013). A Complete Guide to Reptiles of Australia, Fourth Edition. Sydney: New Holland Publishers. 522 pp. .
Strophurus
Reptiles described in 1979
Taxa named by Glen Milton Storr
Geckos of Australia
The Pittsburgh Wayfinder System is a series of directional and destination signs installed throughout the City of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania meant to guide travelers to popular destinations and services. The system is designed for easy mapping of neighborhood-to-neighborhood routes with the intent of creating a coherent pattern of travel in the city.
History
In 1993, city leaders asked Informing Design, a Pittsburgh-based design firm, to create a sign system for Pittsburgh's notoriously confusing network of streets. The signs were designed by Bob Firth, the founding principal of the firm. Since its implementation in 1995 and 1996, the system has been actively maintained and expanded to reflect additions and changes in Pittsburgh's road system.
Composition
The Pittsburgh Wayfinder System is composed of more than 1,500 traffic signs, and nearly all of the city's eighty neighborhoods are covered by the system.
The system divides the city into five regions and assigns each a color:
The dark blue stripes on the Wayfarer map symbol indicate the Ohio, Monongahela, and Allegheny Rivers, which form the main navigational landmarks for the city. The signs are maintained by the City of Pittsburgh Department of Engineering and Construction.
Signage
The system is made up of two types of sign: "Exit-Finder" signs, which provide directional assistance, and "Site-Finder" signs, which denote particular destinations. The system also includes a "Purple Belt" for easy navigation in the downtown area, as well as directional signs to hospitals and parking facilities.
Exit-Finder signs
The dark blue background of Exit-Finder signs serve to differentiate them from the majority of Pennsylvania guide signs, which typically have a green background.
When an Exit-Finder sign is located in the same zone as the destination, the background of the sign matches the color for that zone, and an arrow in the dark blue band at the bottom of the sign points the way to the destination. If destination in question is in a different zone than the one in which the sign is located, a color-coded stripe on an Exit-Finder sign denotes this fact. A variation on the sign occurs when the directional sign gives information on highways or roads, without pointing to a specific destination. These signs have the dark blue background, but do not include the Wayfinder symbol. The diagram to the right demonstrates an Exit-Finder sign, with the Wayfinder map symbol and a color-coded stripe.
Site-Finder signs
Site-Finder signs are found directly in front of their locations. The background of the sign matches the color of the region, and a star indicates that the destination has been reached.
Purple Belt
The Purple Belt is the innermost colored belt in the Allegheny County belt system, running through downtown Pittsburgh. Unlike the other belts, however, it was established in 1995 along with the Wayfinder System. The Purple Belt sign has the blue background of other Exit-Finder signs, and the purple dot matches the color of the downtown region.
The belt travels in a loop on four two-way streets—Stanwix Street, Fort Duquesne Boulevard / 11th Street, Grant Street and Boulevard of the Allies. (In the counter-clockwise direction, it follows Smithfield Street and 4th Avenue to bypass the left turn from Boulevard of the Allies onto Grant Street, which is prohibited at certain times.) This lies inside the area bounded by the Allegheny River, Interstate 579, Interstate 376 and Interstate 279.
Parking and hospital signs
The Wayfarer system also features signs that point to parking or hospitals. Parking signs have a "P" for parking, while hospital signs have an "H". The background colors of these signs match the color code for the region.
See also
Notes and references
Notes
References
Transportation in Pittsburgh
TheCable is an independent online newspaper in Nigeria. It was launched on April 29, 2014 by Simon Kolawole, the former editor of the Day newspaper. Its publisher Cable Newspaper Ltd was established on November 29, 2011.
Kolawole is a Chevening alumnus, Mo Ibrahim Fellow, World Economic Forum Young Global Leader,
Breaking news and major stories
The newspaper was the first to state that Akinwunmi Ambode will become the governor of Lagos state. It was the first to break the news on President Muhammadu Buhari's ministerial list, long before the Nigerian senate revealed the list. It reported that Yemi Osinbajo was going to be the vice-presidential candidate of the Progressives Congress (APC), four months before they were picked by Buhari. It broke the news of the divorce case of Chris Oyakhilome, leader of Christ Embassy church, and Anita, their wife.
Key staff
Fisayo Soyombo, Pioneer Editor (April, 2014 to January, 2017)
George Taiwo, Former Editor (March 2017 - January 2021)
Kolapo Olapoju, Current Editor (January 2021 till date)
Mansur Ibrahim, Social Media Manager (April 2014 till date)
'Mayowa Tijani, Staff Writer and columnist.
Assistant Social Media Manager: Johnson Agada
Senior Reporters: Remi Sulola,Dyepkazah Shibayan
Reporters: Seyi Awojulugbe, Jamilah Nasir, Chinedu Asadu, Sodiq Yusuff, Chidi Chima, Malik Abdulganiy, Oluwatoyin Bayagbon, Taiwo Adebulu
Interns: Saminu Machunga
Contributing Editors: Kayode Tijani, Mike ‘Uzor, Maikudi Abdullahi, Ogechi Ekeanyanwu
Manager, Admin & Accounts: Funmilayo Mulikat Jimoh
Client Service Executive: Basirat A. Mohammed
Board of Directors: Simon Kolawole (CEO), Abimbola Kolawole, Waziri Adio (on leave of absence)
References
2011 establishments in Nigeria
Companies established in 2011
Nigerian news websites
Oklahoma was admitted to the Union on November 16, 1907 and elects United States senators to Class 2 and Class 3. The state's current U.S. senators are Republicans James Inhofe (serving since 1994) and James Lankford (serving since 2015). Inhofe is Oklahoma's longest-serving senator (since 1994).
List of senators
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| November 16, 1907 –December 11, 1907
| Oklahoma did not elect its senators until one month after statehood.
| rowspan=4 | 1
|
| rowspan=2 | 1
| Oklahoma did not elect its senators until one month after statehood.
| November 16, 1907 –December 11, 1907
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=9 | 1
| rowspan=9 align=left | Robert L. Owen
| rowspan=9 | Democratic
| rowspan=9 nowrap | December 11, 1907 –March 4, 1925
| rowspan=3 | Elected December 10, 1907.
| Elected December 10, 1907.
| rowspan=7 nowrap | December 11, 1907 –March 4, 1921
| rowspan=7 | Democratic
| rowspan=7 align=right | Thomas Gore
! rowspan=7 | 1
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 2
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected January 19, 1909.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected January 21, 1913.
| rowspan=3 | 2
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 3
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1914.Lost renomination.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1918.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 3
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 4
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1920.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1921 –March 4, 1927
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | John W. Harreld
! rowspan=3 | 2
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 2
| rowspan=3 align=left | William B. Pine
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1925 –March 4, 1931
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1924.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 4
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 5
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1926.
| rowspan=12 nowrap | March 4, 1927 –January 3, 1951
| rowspan=12 | Democratic
| rowspan=12 align=right | Elmer Thomas
! rowspan=12 | 3
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 3
| rowspan=3 align=left | Thomas Gore
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1931 –January 3, 1937
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1930.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=3 | 5
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 6
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1932.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 4
| rowspan=3 align=left | Joshua B. Lee
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 1937 –January 3, 1943
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1936.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 6
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 7
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1938.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 5
| rowspan=3 align=left | Edward H. Moore
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 1943 –January 3, 1949
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1942.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 7
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 8
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1944.Lost renomination.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=7 | 6
| rowspan=7 align=left | Robert S. Kerr
| rowspan=7 | Democratic
| rowspan=7 nowrap | January 3, 1949 –January 1, 1963
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1948.
| rowspan=3 | 8
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 9
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1950.
| rowspan=12 nowrap | January 3, 1951 –January 3, 1969
| rowspan=12 | Democratic
| rowspan=12 align=right | A. S. Mike Monroney
! rowspan=12 | 4
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1954.
| rowspan=3 | 9
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=4 | 10
| rowspan=4 | Re-elected in 1956.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| Re-elected in 1960.Died.
| rowspan=6 | 10
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 colspan=3 | Vacant
| rowspan=2 nowrap | January 1, 1963 –January 7, 1963
| rowspan=2 |
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 11
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1962.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
! 7
| align=left | J. Howard Edmondson
| | Democratic
| nowrap | January 7, 1963 –November 3, 1964
| Appointed to continue Kerr's termLost nomination to finish Kerr's term.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=5 | 8
| rowspan=5 align=left | Fred R. Harris
| rowspan=5 | Democratic
| rowspan=5 nowrap | November 3, 1964 –January 3, 1973
| rowspan=2 | Elected to finish Kerr's term.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1966.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 11
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 12
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1968.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 1969 –January 3, 1981
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 align=right | Henry Bellmon
! rowspan=6 | 5
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 9
| rowspan=3 align=left | Dewey F. Bartlett
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 1973 –January 3, 1979
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1972.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 12
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 13
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1974.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=8 | 10
| rowspan=8 align=left | David Boren
| rowspan=8 | Democratic
| rowspan=8 nowrap | January 3, 1979 –November 15, 1994
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1978.
| rowspan=3 | 13
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 14
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1980.
| rowspan=14 nowrap | January 3, 1981 –January 3, 2005
| rowspan=14 | Republican
| rowspan=14 align=right | Don Nickles
! rowspan=14 | 6
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1984.
| rowspan=3 | 14
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 15
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1986.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Re-elected in 1990.Resigned to become President of the University of Oklahoma.
| rowspan=5 | 15
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 16
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1992.
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | November 15, 1994 –November 16, 1994
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=15 | 11
| rowspan=15 align=left | Jim Inhofe
| rowspan=15 | Republican
| rowspan=15 nowrap | November 16, 1994 –Present
| rowspan=2 | Elected November 8, 1994 to finish Boren's term.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1996.
| rowspan=3 | 16
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 17
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1998.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2002.
| rowspan=3 | 17
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 18
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2004.
| rowspan=5 nowrap | January 3, 2005 –January 3, 2015
| rowspan=5 | Republican
| rowspan=5 align=right | Tom Coburn
! rowspan=5 | 7
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2008.
| rowspan=3 | 18
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 19
| rowspan=2 | Re-elected in 2010.Resigned.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2014.
| rowspan=3 | 19
|
| Elected November 4, 2014 to finish Coburn's term.
| rowspan=4 nowrap | January 3, 2015 –Present
| rowspan=4 | Republican
| rowspan=4 align=right | James Lankford
! rowspan=4 | 8
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 20
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2016.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| Re-elected in 2020.Resigning January 3, 2023.
| rowspan=3 | 20
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 colspan=5 | To be decided in the 2022 special election.
|
| rowspan=3 | 21
| rowspan=3 colspan=5 | To be decided in the 2022 election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=5 | To be decided in the 2026 election.
| 21
|
Living former senators
, there are three former living U.S. senators from Oklahoma. The most recent and most recently serving senator to die was Tom Coburn (served 2005–2015) on March 28, 2020.
Superlatives
Longest service
Shortest service
Youngest at beginning of service
Oldest at end of service
See also
List of United States representatives from Oklahoma
United States congressional delegations from Oklahoma
References
United States Senators
Oklahoma
Massimo "Mimmo" D'Alelio (1916–1998) was an Italian bridge player. They won 13 world championships with the Italian national Blue Team, playing in partnership with Camillo Pabis Ticci during the second half of their career.
D'Alelio was born in Naples. They were a journalist who played bridge as an avocation. They were a student and partner of the Blue Team founder and theorist Eugenio Chiaradia. The team retired together after its 1969 Bermuda Bowl world championship and returned together for a successful defense of the quadrennial World Team Olympiad championship in 1972. D'Alelio then retired permanently for health reasons. As a member of the team they had played four systems with four partners.
Bridge accomplishments
World championships
D'Alelio won 13 world championships, all as one of six players on the Italy open .
Bermuda Bowl (10) 1957, 1958, 1959, 1961, 1962, 1963, 1965, 1966, 1967, 1969
World Open Team Olympiad (3) 1964, 1968, 1972
Runners-up: none. Italy did not finish second between 1951 and 1976.
European championships
European Open Teams (3) 1956, 1957, 1958
Runners-up
European Open Teams (3) 1955, 1962, 1963
References
External links
1916 births
1998 deaths
Italian contract bridge players
Bermuda Bowl players
Sportspeople from Naples
Date of birth missing
Date of death missing
Place of death missing
Franklin Johndro (1835 – April 5, 1901) was a Union Army soldier in the American Civil War who received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor.
Johndro was born in Highgate Falls, Vermont, and entered service at Queensbury, in New York. They served as a Private with Company A, 118th New York Infantry.
"Rounded up Forty Rebels"
Johndro was awarded the Medal of Honor, for extraordinary heroism shown in Henrico County, Virginia, for bravery in action during the Battle of Chaffin's Farm, on September 30, 1864.
At the order of Company A's captain, Johndro charged single-handedly against a group of Confederate soldiers who were stationed at the top of a slight hill. The Confederate soldiers were cut off from the larger Confederate army, and so were unable to retreat; yet, their position allowed them to hold back Union advances. With nothing more than a bayoneted rifle in hand, Johndro advanced against heavy fire and captured forty Confederates as prisoner.
Their Medal of Honor was issued on April 6, 1865. At the ceremony, their colonel was recorded as saying: "Johndro, if I owned this Medal of Honor and had won it in the way you did, I should think more of it than I do of the eagles that I carry on my shoulders."
Medal of Honor citation
Death and burial
Johndro died on April 5, 1901 and was buried at Glens Falls Cemetery in Glens Falls, New York.
References
External links
Brief Johndro anecdote and photo in Deeds of Valor, 1901
1835 births
1901 deaths
Date of birth unknown
American Civil War recipients of the Medal of Honor
Burials in Warren County, New York
People from Highgate, Vermont
Union Army soldiers
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
CCC Camp NP-4, also known as the Horse Concessioner Dormitory and the Climbing Concession Office, at Jenny Lake in Grand Teton National Park was the largest Civilian Conservation Corps camp in Grand Teton. Located at the South end of Jenny Lake, the camp housed young men from 1934 to 1942, who worked on improvements to trails, campsites, employee housing, utilities and timber salvage at Jackson Lake. The surviving structures include a messhall and a bathhouse.
It is unusual for CCC facilities to survive, as they were typically dismantled when the CCC program was completed. The camp was later used as a base camp for mountain climbing concessioners. The camp became known as the "C-Camp," accommodating climbers close to the base of the mountains. The bathhouse became the base for Paul Petzoldt and Glenn Exum's Petzoldt-Exum School of American Mountaineering. The building is still in use as the summer base for Exum Mountain Guides. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 7, 2006.
See also
Historical buildings and structures of Grand Teton National Park
References
External links
CCC Camp at Grand Teton National Park
Park buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Buildings and structures in Grand Teton National Park
Civilian Conservation Corps in Wyoming
Civilian Conservation Corps camps
National Register of Historic Places in Grand Teton National Park
Temporary populated places on the National Register of Historic Places
National Park Service rustic in Wyoming
Charles Kramer (April 18, 1879 – January 20, 1943) was an attorney and politician from Los Angeles, California. A member of the Democratic Party, they were most notable for their service as a member of the United States House of Representatives, an office they held for five terms between 1933 and 1943.
Early life
Kramer was born in Paducah, Kentucky, and their family moved to Chicago during their infancy. They attended Chicago's public and parochial schools, and attended and De Paul University and the Illinois College of Law. They were admitted to the bar in 1904 and began practice in Chicago. They were the director of a dress manufacturing concern.
Kramer moved to Los Angeles, in 1920 and engaged in the practice of law. They were also active in civic and fraternal organizations, including the Elks, Moose, and Knights of Columbus.
Congress
They were elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-third and to the four succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1933 – January 3, 1943). They chaired the House Committee on Patents (Seventy-sixth and Seventy-seventh Congresses). They were an unsuccessful candidate for the Democratic nomination for Mayor of Los Angeles in 1941 and an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1942 to the Seventy-eighth Congress.
Death
Kramer was ill during their final term in Congress. They died in Los Angeles on January 20, 1943, less than three weeks after their final term expired. Kramer was entombed at Calvary Cemetery.
Family
In 1900, Kramer married Martha Dremke of Chicago in St. Joseph, Michigan. They were the parents of a son and two daughters - Elsie (1901-1998) (Mrs. Fred W. Schaarmann), Arthur C. (1906-1979), and Ethel (1919-1969) (Mrs. Frank E. Mauritz).
References
1879 births
1943 deaths
Members of the United States House of Representatives from California
DePaul University alumni
University of Illinois College of Law alumni
Burials at Calvary Cemetery (Los Angeles)
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from California
The Conygar Tower in Dunster, Somerset, England was built in 1775 and has been designated as a Grade II listed building.
It is a circular, 3 storey folly towers built of red sandstone, situated on a hill overlooking the village. It was commissioned by Henry Luttrell and designed by Richard Phelps and stands about high so that it can be seen from Dunster Castle on the opposite hillside. There is no evidence that it ever had floors or a roof.
The name Conygar comes from two medieval words Coney meaning rabbit and Garth meaning garden, indicating that it was once a warren where rabbits were bred for food.
In 1997 a survey carried out by The Crown Estate identified cracks in the walls which were repaired in 2000.
References
Towers completed in 1775
Grade II listed buildings in West Somerset
West Somerset
History of Somerset
Folly towers in England
Towers in Somerset
Listed towers in the United Kingdom
The Mata do Jacaré Ecological Station (), formerly the São Carlos Ecological Station, is an ecological station in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. It preserves an isolated fragment of the Atlantic Forest biome, with semi-deciduous riparian vegetation.
History
The Jacaré Forest (Mata do Jacaré) with an area of in the municipality of Brotas, São Paulo, was established by state decree 38.957 of 25 August 1961.
This became the São Carlos Ecological Station (} by state decree 26.890 of 12 March 1987.
A 2002 federal decree said the name of a conservation unit should where possible be based on its most significant natural feature or its oldest name, so it became the Estação Ecológica Mata do Jacaré by state decree 53.237 of 20 July 2012.
It is administered by the Forestry Institute of the state environmental secretariat.
The unit lies along the south shore of the reservoir formed by the Santana Dam on the Jacaré-Guaçu River, which separates the municipalities of Brotas and São Carlos.
The area is hilly and includes steep slopes susceptible to erosion.
Altitudes range from .
It drains into the Santana reservoir.
Environment
The Mata do Jacaré has typical seasonal semi-deciduous forest vegetation of the Atlantic Forest biome, one of the last fragments of such forest in the São Carlos region.
The unit has riparian vegetation. It is an isolated fragment surrounded by sugar cane fields.
A 2002 study found only 145 species of birds, with a low incidence of endangered species. This appeared to be due to the small size and isolation of the unit.
An extension of protection around the area has been proposed both to conserve biodiversity and to maintain the water quality of the reservoir.
Notes
Sources
Ecological stations of Brazil
Protected areas of São Paulo (state)
Atlantic Forest (biome)
1987 establishments in Brazil
Protected areas established in 1987
Megalomyrmex mondabora is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae. Known from Costa Rica. In Costa Rica this species occurs in wet forest habitats, typically in mature rainforest. Collections are from sea level to 800 m elevation on the Atlantic slope of the Cordillera Volcanica Central, Cordillera de Talamanca, and Cordillera de Guanacaste. It is a specialized nest parasite of attines and is found most often in nests of Cyphomyrmex cornutus. It cohabits with C. cornutus in their nests, feeding on both host brood and the host's fungal symbiont.
References
Myrmicinae
Insects described in 1990
Traditional Chinese house architecture refers to a historical series of architecture styles and design elements that were commonly utilised in the building of civilian homes during the imperial era of ancient China. Throughout this two-thousand year long period, significant innovations and variations of homes existed, but house design generally incorporated a set of qualities that made Chinese home architecture distinct from that of other cultures and regions. As highlighted by the classic siheyuan style, this included an emphasis on extended family units in a single dwelling, distinct separation of various elements of the household, alignment with the cardinal directions and wooden construction; all in line with Confucian hierarchy and Feng Shui.
History
Chinese home design was originally more heterogeneous than it is today. In addition to the orthodox square shape, evidence of round dwellings are common in early archaeological sites. Over the span of several millennia, architecture was influenced by the development of Chinese thought, narrowing the range of acceptable layouts closer to the mature siheyuan style. As Han Chinese culture spread from out from the Yellow River Valley, dwellings in the outlying regions retained influence from the dwellings of the native cultures. For instance, Yue homes in southern China were traditionally built on wooden piles due to the humid climate. When Han migrants moved to the region, they initially adapted this style before the standard Han practice of raised earth foundations eventually re-asserted itself. After the form of the traditional chinese household had settled, this basic layout changed very little, especially for commoner's dwellings.
Layout commonalities
Organisation
By the later imperial period, the structure of homes in China had coalesced into a form that reinforced Neo-Confucian ideals that emphasised a firm separation between social roles and classes. This was especially true in the homes of the upper classes, which had the resources to delegate specific sections of the home to different sexes, age groups and occupations.
Directional structure
Alignment along a north/south axis was ubiquitous among Chinese homes, as dictated by the paradigms of order and harmony with nature. Home units were constructed facing south, with individual buildings following the alignment of the greater structure, with perfect symmetry. This resulted in the classic siheyuan structure, with identifiable "wings" each facing one of the four cardinal directions.
Extended family units generally assigned different wings of the home to different branches of the family, with older and more respected family members taking more auspicious positions. This often included buildings in the sunnier, more private rear of the compound. The ancestral shrine of the family where the common ancestors of the inhabitants where honored was either located here or in the center of the property. Less important positions facing the east and west of the compounds were relegated to junior branches of the family, while more periphery locations were relegated to servants and other less important activities.
Buildings that were especially important such as the ancestral/ceremonial hall were often marked with taller and more ornate roof structures, as opposed to the other homes and buildings within the compound. As these buildings were generally in the back of the home directly facing the entrance, this served to enhance the symmetrical beauty of the home's alignment.
Construction
Traditional Chinese dwellings were overwhelmingly built out of wood, especially after the earlier dynastic period. Stone dwellings and those made from dirt were relatively uncommon even when such materials were common in the local area. As the centuries drew on, lumber became less and less common on the North China plain with bricks and stone becoming common construction materials for walls and public edifices. Despite this, the popularity of wood remained very high, with varying grades of timber being used by upper class as a means of showing their wealth.
This focus on wooden construction has led to a relatively poor rate of survival, with very few homes remaining from before the Ming era, even fewer of were homes belonging to commoners due to lower quality construction materials and lack of maintenance. Therefore, much more is known about upper-class historical dwellings.
Regional variation
Due to differences in culture and climate, the standard shape and style of homes varies from region to region. Homes in southern China often had sloped roof structures owing to the increased frequency of rainfall, while the arid northern climate made flat roofs more practical. Courtyards were emphasised in order to maximise sunlight in the north, while they were generally not as important in the very sunny south. Additionally, homes were rarely built with more than one story in the northern plains, but quite common in the mountainous south where building space was less available.
Notable exceptions to the ubiquitous use of wood include the Yaodong, the traditional homes of Shanxi and Shaanxi provinces which were cut into soft loess rocks into mountainsides, Lingnan architecture, which is generally of green brick construction, and the Tulou, traditional Hakka walled villages in Fujian and Guangdong which were built largely out of brick and earth.
See also
Siheyuan
Chinese architecture
Feng shui
Ancient Chinese wooden architecture
Tulou
Yaodong
Lingnan architecture
References
Architecture of China
Houses in China
Merișani is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of nine villages: Borlești, Brăteasca, Capu Piscului, Crâmpotani, Dobrogostea, Malu Vânăt, Merișani, Vărzaru and Vâlcelele.
History
Humans have inhabited the area that now belongs to the commune since the Neolithic.
In the Middle Ages, the oldest written evidence is from 1428. The church in Vărzaru village was built around 1620.
Location
The commune is situated in the centre of Argeș County, at about 15 km from Pitești and 25 km to Curtea de Argeș.
Geography
The commune is on the valley of the Argeș River, in a hilly region called Platforma Argeșului (in English, the Argeș Platform), part of the Getic Plateau. The climate is temperate, with frequent rains. Winters are usually cold, with plenty of snow, while summers have a moderate heat.
Demographics
The official data from the 2002 Census shows that the total population is of 4428 persons. The majority are Romanians (4252 or 96%). The second ethnic group are the Romani people (171 or 4%). There are 5 people with other nationalities. However, the representants of the Romani community say that the Romani population is over 1200 persons.
Transportation
The main way to get to Merișani is by car. There are a national road and several county roads. The railway is the other access way, but trains are very rare.
Economy
There are local resources, like oil, forests and large lakes. There is also a camp that could help tourist development.
Merişani is considered, however, the poorest commune in the county.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Me Sang (, ) is a district located in Prey Veng Province, in south eastern Cambodia.
References
Districts of Prey Veng province
Örkaggens Järnväg (ÖkJ, the Örkaggen Railway) is a privately owned, narrow gauge railway in southern Sweden and has a total length of approximately . The railway was built to transport firewood from the forest to the farmhouse and logs to the side of the road for further transportation with a lorry.
The railway began construction on privately owned land in 1974 after the necessary rails were bought from an abandoned peat bog railway near Tibro in Västergötland. By the end of the 1970s a total of of track was in service.
The railway has four motorized locomotives and a motorized draisine. There is also one small self-made steam locomotive, however it is not used since it is not powerful enough. The railway also has four passenger wagons and 16 goods wagons.
References
External links
Örkaggens Järnväg home page
Fresh Cut (1/2007): The Logs go on Private Railway to the Sawmill (pages 4–5)
600 mm gauge railways in Sweden
Railway lines opened in 1974
James Robert Stuart (July 2, 1919 – December 15, 1985) was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins. They played college football at the University of Oregon and was drafted in the fifth round of the 1941 NFL Draft.
References
External links
1919 births
1985 deaths
American football offensive linemen
Oregon Ducks football players
People from Hermiston, Oregon
Washington Redskins players
Players of American football from Oregon
Jailson Marques Siqueira (born 7 September 1995), simply known as Jailson, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Palmeiras.
Career
Chapecoense
Jailson made their professional debut on 18 March 2015, playing for Chapecoense in a Copa do Brasil match against Interporto, entering the field in the second half of a 5–2 away victory.
Grêmio
In January 2016, Jailson returned to their parent club Grêmio. They made their debut for the club in a 3–2 away loss against São Paulo-RS for the Campeonato Gaúcho. Jailson scored their first professional goal in a 3–3 away draw against former club Chapecoense for the Campeonato Brasileiro.
Fenerbahçe
On 30 August 2018, Jailson joined Süper Lig club Fenerbahçe S.K.
Dalian Pro
On 18 September 2020, Jailson signed with Chinese Super League (CSL) club Dalian Pro. They did not play for the team in 2021 as they were unable to return to China.
Palmeiras
On 7 January 2022, Jailson signed with Palmeiras.
Career statistics
Honours
Club
Grêmio
Copa do Brasil: 2016
Copa Libertadores: 2017
Recopa Sudamericana: 2018
Campeonato Gaúcho: 2018
Palmeiras
Recopa Sudamericana: 2022
Campeonato Paulista: 2022
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Rio Grande do Sul
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Süper Lig players
Chinese Super League players
Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense players
Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras players
Associação Chapecoense de Futebol players
Fenerbahçe S.K. footballers
Dalian Professional F.C. players
Expatriate footballers in China
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in China
Terese is the name of the following people:
Terese Berceau (born 1950), member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Terese Capucilli, American modern dancer
Therese Forster (1786–1862), German educator and writer
Teresė Nekrošaitė (born 1961), Lithuanian javelin thrower
Terese Nielsen (born 1966), American fantasy artist
Terese Pedersen (born 1980), Norwegian handball goalkeeper
Terese Svoboda, American author
See also
Teresa
Pütsep is an Estonian occupational surname, literally meaning "cooper". The surname may refer to:
Eduard Pütsep (1898–1960), wrestler
Erki Pütsep (born 1976), road bicycle racer
Estonian-language surnames
Occupational surnames
Antoine Danchet (7 September 1671 – 21 February 1748) was a French playwright, librettist and dramatic poet.
Biography
Danchet was born in Riom, in the Auvergne, France. Having been a professor of rhetoric at Chartres and then a tutor at Paris, Danchet gave
up teaching to write for the theatre. They wrote some opera libretti which, set to music by André Campra, met with success. By contrast, their tragedies, mediocre imitations of Racine, almost all failed. They died in Paris.
An associate member of the Académie des inscriptions et belles-lettres from 1705, they were elected to the Académie française in 1712 thanks to the patronage of Mesdames de Ferriol et de Tencin. Voltaire wrote an epigram about them stating that their membership was
more for their good deeds than their writing.
They died in Paris. Their works, published in 1751 include, in addition to dramatic works,
odes, cantatas, and letters.
Principal works
Hésione (1700) ;
Tancrède (1702) ;
Cyrus (1706) ;
Les Tyndarides (1708) ;
Les fêtes vénitiennes (1710) ;
Les Héraclides (1719) ;
Nitétis (1724).
References
External links
Antoine Danchet on Data.bnf.fr
1671 births
1748 deaths
People from Riom
18th-century French dramatists and playwrights
Members of the Académie Française
French opera librettists
Neergaard's sunbird (Cinnyris neergaardi) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae. It is found in Mozambique and South Africa. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forest near the coast, where it is threatened by habitat loss. It is named after Paul Neergaard, a Danish recruiting officer for the Wenela agency, who was stationed in southern Mozambique.
Description
Neergaard's sunbird is a small species with a relatively short beak. The adult male has a metallic green head, back, and throat, black wings, a blue rump, and a brownish-black tail. It has yellow , a narrow blue collar, a scarlet lower breast, and a black belly. The adult female has a greyish-brown head and upper parts, an olive-brown rump, and a dark brown tail. There is a pale supercilium over the eye, and the underparts are pale greyish brown. The eyes in both sexes are dark brown, and the beak and legs are black. The juvenile resembles the female.
Ecology
Neergaard's sunbird feeds in the canopy, often in the company of the amethyst sunbird (Chalcomitra amethystina). It feeds on nectar, insects, and spiders.
Status
Neergaard's sunbird has a limited range and a moderately small population. It is restricted to the coastal belt of Mozambique and South Africa between Inhambane in southern Mozambique and Richards Bay in northern KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa. There are two separate populations in Mozambique, one north of the Limpopo River and one south of Maputo. Its habitat is dry woodland, especially on sandy soil, and coastal scrub.
Although this bird is common at some of the locations where it occurs, the population is thought to be in decline because of habitat destruction, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as "near threatened".
References
External links
Neergaard's Sunbird species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
Neergaard's sunbird
Birds of East Africa
Neergaard's sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
María Bores Vázquez (born 11 November 1997) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a defender for Rayo Vallecano.
Club career
Bores started their career at Madrid CFF.
References
External links
Profile at La Liga
1997 births
Living people
Women's association football defenders
Spanish women's footballers
Footballers from Madrid
Madrid CFF players
Atlético Madrid Femenino players
Sevilla FC (women) players
Rayo Vallecano Femenino players
Primera División (women) players
Alva Noë (born 1964) is an American philosopher.  They are Professor of Philosophy at the University of California, Berkeley. The focus of their work is the theory of perception and consciousness. In addition to these problems in cognitive science and the philosophy of mind, they are interested in analytic phenomenology, the theory of art, Ludwig Wittgenstein, enactivism, and the origins of analytic philosophy.
Education
Noë received their B.A. from Columbia University. They also hold a B.Phil. from the University of Oxford and a Ph.D. from Harvard University.
Philosophical work
Noë joined the UC Berkeley Department of Philosophy as an associate professor in 2003, where they were a member of the UC Berkeley Institute for Cognitive and Brain Sciences, serving as a core faculty member for the Program in Cognitive Science and the Center for New Media. During 2011–2012, they were Distinguished Professor of Philosophy at the City University of New York Graduate from Center. Before coming to Berkeley, Noë was an assistant professor of philosophy at UC Santa Cruz. They have been a Post-doctoral Research Associate of the Center for Cognitive Studies at Tufts University, a visiting scholar at the Department of Logic and Philosophy of Science at UC Irvine and at the Institut Jean-Nicod (CNRS/EN/EHESS) in Paris, a McDonnell-Pew Visiting Fellow at the Oxford Center for Cognitive Neuroscience, and a visiting scholar at the Center for Subjectivity Research at the University of Copenhagen. Noë has been a recipient of a UC President's Fellowship in the Humanities and an ACLS/Ryskamp Fellowship, and in 2007–2008 was a research fellow at the Wissenschaftskolleg zu Berlin.
Noë is the author of the books Strange Tools (2015),Varieties of Presence (2012), Out of Our Heads (2009) and Action In Perception (MIT Press, 2004).  They are the co-editor of Vision and Mind: Selected Readings in the Philosophy of Perception (MIT Press, 2002) and the author of Is the Visual World a Grand Illusion? (Imprint Academic, 2002). In Action In Perception, Noë puts forth the notion of the sensorimotor profile. Externalism about the mind and mental content is a pervasive theme in their work.
References
External links
Interview with Noë on NYC radio
Why You Are Not Your Brain? A Conversation on Consciousness with Alva Noe, Ph.D. , Bridging the Gaps: A Portal for Curious Minds
1964 births
Philosophers of mind
Living people
Cognitive scientists
City University of New York faculty
University of California, Santa Cruz faculty
University of California, Berkeley faculty
Harvard University alumni
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Columbia College (New York) alumni
The 2020 Kilkenny Intermediate Hurling Championship was the 56th staging of the Kilkenny Intermediate Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Kilkenny County Board in 1929. The championship began on 29 August 2020 and ended on 26 September 2020.
On 26 September 2020, Lisdowney won the championship after a 4–3 victory in a penalty shoot-out against Thomastown in the final at UMPC Nowlan Park. It was their first ever championship title.
Team changes
To Championship
Promoted from the Kilkenny Junior Hurling Championship
O'Loughlin Gaels
Relegated from the Kilkenny Senior Hurling Championship
St. Patrick's Ballyragget
From Championship
Promoted to the Kilkenny Senior Hurling Championship
Tullaroan
Relegated to the Kilkenny Junior Hurling Championship
Tullogher-Rosbercon
Results
First round
Relegation playoffs
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
References
External links
2020 Kilkenny IHC fixtures
Kilkenny Intermediate Hurling Championship
Kilkenny Intermediate Hurling Championship
Insomnia is a collaborative studio album by British rappers Skepta, Chip and Young Adz, released on 27 March 2020 by SKC M29. The album features a guest appearance by Dirtbike LB of D-Block Europe. It was promoted by the lead single, "Waze".
Release and promotion
The album was announced by the three artists on 22 March 2020 via social media, alongside the option to pre-order.
A music video for the lead single "Waze" was released on 25 March 2020.
A second music video for the track "Mains" was released on 1 April 2020.
Commercial performance
"Insomnia" debuted at number three on the UK Albums chart. The entry marked Skepta's third Top 10 album, Chip's third Top 10 album, and a first for solo Young Adz (fourth including their work with D-Block Europe).
Critical reception
At review aggregator Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, Insomnia received a weighted average score of 82, based on 6 reviews, indicating "universal acclaim".
Aimee Cliff of The Guardian wrote that Insomnia "feels calibrated for the current, strange cultural moment: it's immediately available, rides low at a tempo that's perfect for listening to while on lockdown in your house or car, and, with the title Insomnia, tackles paranoid themes with the light relief of dark humour". Kyann-Sian Williams of NME concluded that "Overall, though, despite a couple of subpar verses, Insomnia is one for the books. The UK rap world has never seen three of the scene's most in-demand rappers surprisingly team up for an album. Here the best of north and south London have come together and paved the way for others to follow suit". Joe Hale of Clash complimented the album's production and the chemistry between the three artists: "The three work well as a collective: Chip provides the cut-throat and fresh bars, Adz comes with the melody and Skepta is free to experiment throughout. The beats stand up too, consonantly switching patterns and breaks and bringing the best out of each artist".
Track listing
Notes
"Insomnia Interlude" features additional vocals by Litty Brity and Greatness Dex.
"High Road" features additional vocals by M.O. Thompson.
Sample credits
"St Tropez" contains samples of "Paper Planes", written by Maya Arulpragasam, Wesley Pentz, Topper Headon, Mick Jones, Paul Simonon and Joe Strummer, and performed by M.I.A.
Charts
Release history
References
2020 albums
Skepta albums
Chipmunk (rapper) albums
Collaborative albums
Albums produced by Skepta
Albums produced by Cardo (record producer)
Peace is the eighth and final studio album by British pop duo Eurythmics, released on 19 October 1999 by RCA Records. It was the band's first album of new material in 10 years, following 1989's We Too Are One.
Release and reception
Following their first performance together in eight years at a record company party in 1998, Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart began writing and recording together for the first time since 1989. The album's title was designed to reflect the duo's ongoing concern with global conflict and world peace. It was promoted with a concert on the Greenpeace vessel Rainbow Warrior II, where they played a mixture of old and new songs. A 24-date world tour, titled the Peacetour, followed soon after, with all profits donated to Amnesty International and Greenpeace. The final show of the tour, on 6 December 1999 at the London Docklands Arena, was filmed and released on VHS and DVD.
Singles
"I Saved the World Today" served as the lead single from the album, reaching number 11 on the UK Singles Chart—their highest-charting single there since 1986. The second single, "17 Again", was released in January 2000. It reached the UK top 30 and topped the US Hot Dance Club Play chart. In May 2000, "Peace Is Just a Word" was released as a single in the United Kingdom with "Beautiful Child" as its B-side.
2005 re-release
On 14 November 2005, Sony BMG repackaged and released Eurythmics' back catalogue as "Deluxe Edition Reissues". Each of their eight studio albums' original track listings were supplemented with bonus tracks and remixes. For unknown reasons, many songs on the 2005 reissue of Peace are alternate mixes compared to the original 1999 release. The most dramatically different mix is "I've Tried Everything", which is more upbeat with additional drums. Other songs with mix differences include "17 Again", "I Saved the World Today", "Forever" and "Power to the Meek" (missing a verse from the original version), and live tracks were substituted for the original studio versions of "I Want It All" and "Peace Is Just a Word".
Critical reception
Critics were generally impressed with the album, although NME commented that it "lacked the power" of their previous releases. Q magazine opined that the release of the album "quietly acknowledged that their solo careers had failed", despite the fact that both of Lennox's solo albums up to that point had reached number one in the UK and been certified multi-platinum in both the UK and US.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Peace.
Eurythmics
Dave Stewart – guitars
Annie Lennox – vocals
Additional musicians
Andy Wright – programming, keyboards, live percussion
Chucho Merchán – bass
Dave Catlin-Birch – bass
Steve Lewinson – bass
Pete Lewinson – drums
Chris Sharrock – drums
David Whitaker – strings orchestration
Pro Arte Orchestra of London – orchestra
Colin Sheen – orchestra coordination
Technical
Eurythmics – production
Andy Wright – additional production
Nick Addison – engineering
Graham Dominy – engineering assistance
Ash Howes – mixing at Whitfield Street Studios (London)
David Russell – mixing assistance
Gary McGovern – technical supervisor
Ian Cooper – mastering at Metropolis Mastering (London)
Stephen McLaughlin – strings engineering
Artwork
Richard Avedon – sleeve photography
Laurence Stevens – sleeve design, graphics
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
1999 albums
19 Recordings albums
Albums produced by David A. Stewart
Arista Records albums
Eurythmics albums
RCA Records albums
The Unitary Democratic Coalition (, PCP–PEV) is an electoral and political coalition between the Portuguese Communist Party () and the Ecologist Party "The Greens" (Portuguese: Partido Ecologista "Os Verdes" or PEV). The coalition also integrates the political movement Democratic Intervention ().
The coalition was formed for the first time in 1987 in order to run to the simultaneous legislative election and European Parliament election that were held on July 19 of that year.
Since the beginning of the coalition, the member parties have never participated separately in any election. The Communist Party is the major force inside it and has the majority of places in the electoral lists, however, the Greens also have an important presence, for instance, electing 2 members of parliament among the 17 elected by the coalition in the 2015 legislative election. Each party has its own parliamentary group and counts as a separate party in official issues. In the 2022 Portuguese legislative election, the Greens failed to elect any representatives.
At a local level, the coalition usually presents lists in almost every municipality and both Communists and Greens may occupy first place on the lists. As the Greens have a smaller structure, the offices of the Communist Party are used as offices of the coalition.
The coalition supported the minority Socialist Costa Government (2015–2019) with a confidence and supply agreement.
Symbol
The present symbol of CDU shows the PCP's symbol and the PEV's symbol, a hammer and sickle and a sunflower, respectively, with the respective names below. That symbol replaced a former one that featured three hexagons with the inscription: CDU and was often used with a beehive. That was sometimes said to mean that CDU worked just like a bee (collectively and every day) and the hexagons were meant to represent the cell-based Leninist organization of the PCP.
Youth organization
The coalition has a youth wing, called Juventude CDU, that develops political work in youth related subjects, along with youth-oriented activities, mainly during the electoral campaigns. The Juventude CDU is mainly composed by members of the youth wings of the parties that compose the CDU, the Portuguese Communist Youth and the Ecolojovem.
Electoral results achieved by CDU
Assembly of the Republic
Vote share in the Portuguese legislative elections
European Parliament
Regional Assemblies
Local elections
References
External links
CDU Official Site
Portuguese Communist Party Official Site
"The Greens" Official Site
1987 establishments in Portugal
Communist parties in Portugal
Ecosocialist parties
Left-wing political party alliances
Political parties established in 1987
Political party alliances in Portugal
Portuguese Communist Party
Kingsnorth is a place in Kent, England, on the south side of the Hoo Peninsula. It is distinct from the village of Kingsnorth, also in Kent, near Ashford. The nearest village is Hoo St Werburgh and the nearest town Rochester, Kent.
Kingsnorth is the location of the recently decommissioned Kingsnorth power station. It was the location of an airship base, RNAS Kingsnorth, during the First World War.
References
Medway
The Petite rivière Smith (English: Little Smith River) is a tributary of the northwest shore of the Smith River. This stream flows in the unorganized territory of Lac-Jacques-Cartier, in the La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Capitale-Nationale, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
This small forest valley is served by a forest that goes from south to north by the east bank. Forestry is the main economic activity in this valley; second, recreational tourism.
Because of its altitude, the surface of "Petite rivière Smith" is generally frozen from late November to early April; however, safe circulation on the ice is generally done from mid-December to the end of March. The water level of the river varies with the seasons and the precipitation; the spring flood occurs in March or April.
Geography
The "Petite rivière Smith" rises at the confluence of two forest streams (altitude: ) in the forest area. This source is located between two mountains in the unorganized territory of Lac-Jacques-Cartier, at:
north of a mountain peak (altitude: );
south of another mountain peak (altitude: );
north-east of the confluence of the Smith River and Montmorency River;
north of the mouth of the Montmorency River.
From it source, the Petite rivière Smith descends on in the forest zone, with a drop of according to the following segments:
south-west in a deep valley, crossing a small wild lake (length: ; altitude: ), to its mouth;
first towards the southwest and curving towards the south, to its mouth.
From the confluence of "Petite rivière Smith", the current descends the Smith River on southwest, then on generally south along the course of the Montmorency river, to the northwest bank of the Saint-Laurent river.
Toponymy
The toponym "Petite rivière Smith" is linked to its main stream, the "Smith River".
The toponym "Petite rivière Smith" was formalized on November 1, 1988 at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Notes and references
Appendices
See also
La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality
Lac-Jacques-Cartier, a TNO
Smith River, a stream
Montmorency River
List of rivers of Quebec
Bibliography
Rivers of Capitale-Nationale
La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality
Brice Tirabassi (born 15 June 1977) is a French rally driver. They won the Junior World Rally Championship in 2003.
Career
Tirabassi won the French Rally Championship in 2002, before stepping up to the Junior World Rally Championship (JWRC) in 2003. They won three out of seven rounds to take the crown. In 2005, they competed in the Production World Rally Championship. In 2006, they competed in four rounds of the JWRC in a PH Sport-prepared Citroën C2, winning in Corsica. In 2008, they competed in the Intercontinental Rally Challenge in a Peugeot 207 S2000, with the best results of 7th on Rally Russia. Towards the end of the year, they were called up by the Subaru World Rally Team to drive one of their new Subaru Impreza WRCs on the tarmac WRC rounds of Catalunya and Corsica. They finished 10th in Catalunya, but retired with engine failure in Corsica.
Complete WRC results
JWRC results
IRC results
References
External links
Profile at eWRC-results.com
1977 births
French rally drivers
Living people
World Rally Championship drivers
Citroën Racing drivers
St. Anne's Church in Dunav is a cultural heritage monument in Dunav, Gjilan, Kosovo. Built in 1938, the same year as the village mosque, the church is the only Catholic church in Gjilan, near the point where Kosovo, Serbia, and North Macedonia meet.
Description
The foundation is stone, while the walls are made from bricks bound with lime mortar. The façade wall is built from multicolored tuff mortared with jointed concrete. Left of the entrance, the square bell tower is high; its façade includes a niche at the front door's height and four narrow windows for illumination, while the tower's narrowest section tapers to a cross up top. Above the doorway, a simple plaque reads "Kisha Katolike e Shën Anës , 1938" ("St. Anne's Catholic Church, 1938"). Two doors beside the front one were closed before the last renovation in 2012, one leading to the bell tower and the other to the confessional. A narrow hall leads directly into the nave, with the chapel accessible from three parallel entrances and containing pews on either side of the central aisle. The chapel is domed and has three stained glass windows on the side wall, ending in a transept with two side alcoves and a circular apse with its own outer circular window. The only relic of the original chancel by that apse is the altar table, and the eastern apse connects with the church annexes. The roof, upgraded with gutters in 2012, is dual, with a lower surface above the transept and a higher one above the apse. A statue of Our Lady of Good Friday was removed from this church and moved to the church of Saint Anthony of Padua in Binač.
The church in is a prime location, with a churchyard reaching down toward in a terrace wall at the bottom of a hill. The yard is surrounded by poplars, some pines, and some lime trees. Though summers are quite hot at of altitude, a light north–south breeze cools. Although the church is not as popular as it once was as a place of worship, the church grounds have played host since 2011 to the Gjilan-based Beqir Musliu Arts Club's regional poetry festival known as the Trekëndëshi Poetik ("Poetic Triangle").
References
Roman Catholic churches in Kosovo
Dominic Kwiatkowski is head of the parasites and microbes programme at the Wellcome Sanger Institute in Cambridge and a Professor of Genomics at the University of Oxford. Kwiatkowski applies genomics and computational analysis to problems in infectious disease, with the aim of finding ways to reduce the burden of disease in the developing world.
Education
Kwiatkowski trained as a paediatrician at Guy's Hospital in London.
Career and research
Kwiatkowski spent several years in West Africa, where malaria causes high levels of infant mortality, and this has been a major focus of their research over the past thirty years. They have made significant contributions to the understanding of malaria pathogenesis and genetic mechanisms of resistance to the disease. They have also pioneered genome-wide association studies (GWAS) in Africa and has led large international collaborations to characterise the genomic diversity of parasite and mosquito populations around the world. This work is yielding deep insights into the evolutionary biology of drug resistance and pesticide resistance with practical implications for disease control.
In 2005 Kwiatkowski founded a data-sharing network, MalariaGEN, which has fostered productive research collaborations in more than forty malaria endemic countries, and has become a model for equitable sharing of genetic data and research capacity building in resource-poor settings.
Awards and honours
Kwiatkowski was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 2018 and a Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences (FMedSci) in 2000.
References
Living people
Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
Fellows of St John's College, Oxford
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Too Dark Park is the sixth studio album by the industrial music group Skinny Puppy. The album cover features the debut appearance of the band's "SP" logo. The cover art was created by Vancouver based artist Jim Cummins.
The artwork for this album and its associated singles was inspired by cosmic horror stories such as the Cthulhu Mythos. Lyrical themes include collapse of society due to destruction of nature, drug addiction, and psychological issues.
The album was recorded "spontaneously" at Mushroom Studios and mixed at Little Mountain Sound Studios in Vancouver, British Columbia. Though guitar is used throughout, the album takes a step back from the Ministry-inspired direction of the band's previous release, favoring instead a more chaotic, electronic sound. Two of the album's songs, "Tormentor" and "Spasmolytic", were released as singles, the latter of which was accompanied by a music video. Guest performers on the album include Canadian music producer Greg Reely and Skinny Puppy's longtime producer Dave "Rave" Ogilvie playing guitar on the songs "Nature's Revenge" and "T.F.W.O.".
Since its release, Too Dark Park has received generally positive reviews from critics. The album has been commended for its haunting electronic riffs and use of sampling, though some have noted that the music's disturbing nature could be off-putting to some listeners. The group promoted the album with the Too Dark Park tour, which encompassed much of the United States and Canada. Though a live album has never been released, some live recordings from the tour have been featured on other Skinny Puppy releases, namely Brap: Back and Forth Series 3 & 4 and the "Spasmolytic" single.
Background
Following its production, the members of the band maintained that they were satisfied with their fifth full-length studio effort, 1989's Rabies. In 1990, keyboardist Dwayne Goettel stated the following regarding the band's attitude towards the album: "we all like it, and I can see the worry in people's eyes, but it doesn't worry us. We did it, and we like it, and I'm not worried about doing another just like it, you know?" They proclaimed Rabies to be their favorite out of all other Skinny Puppy albums and went on to say that they would not mind "doing another just like it". Goettel told Karen Woods of Alternative Press that they didn't feel "trapped" by the direction taken on Rabies and went on to say that "it [the album] may have been hanging around in the same territory as Ministry, but we were just crossing paths".
These kinds of sentiments would, however, not last for long. Goettel revealed in 1991 that they had changed their position concerning Rabies, stating that while some of the material present on the album was "great", the completed product was "less within the Skinny Puppy vision". Goettel even went on to criticize the album's cover art and made mention of how the group had begun to receive fan mail inquiring as to whether Skinny Puppy was becoming a "hardcore" group. cEvin Key (drums/keyboards) claimed that they had been dubious about the album's production from the start. Key claimed that they had been "pissed off" with regards to singer/songwriter Nivek Ogre's apparent partiality for Ministry over Skinny Puppy, but stated that they acknowledged why Ogre had made this choice (it being a change of pace for Ogre).
Of all the troubles with Rabies, Key was most displeased with Al Jourgensen's role in the recording process, claiming that they believed Jourgensen's intention during production was to try and break up the band. Ogre themselves was unhappy with Rabies, declaring that they felt they had "flopped" during its production. Ogre went on to proclaim the following concerning their experience: "I was really unsure of myself and unsure of what I wanted to say and do. The work and artistic environment really weren't there at all either. It was completely negative".
Following the completion of Rabies, the three band members began to explore various side projects. Ogre went on tour with Ministry, having been credited as a songwriter on two songs from The Mind Is a Terrible Thing to Taste and having introduced Jourgensen to Angela Lukacin, who was sampled on "Dream Song". On the tour, they were playing keyboard and providing vocals (Ogre can be seen and heard on the In Case You Didn't Feel Like Showing Up video and CD). Ogre also provided vocals for the Revolting Cocks (a Ministry side project) album Beers, Steers, and Queers. Key and Goettel pursued a number of different projects during this time. The first of which was Hilt, a collaboration with Don Harrison of the Sons of Freedom and vocalist Al Nelson. Dave "Rave" Ogilvie was also a part of the project. Doubting Thomas was the second Key and Goettel project, featuring primarily instrumental compositions. The third and final project was titled Cyberaktif. Cyberaktif was a collaboration between Key and Bill Leeb from the band Front Line Assembly, with Goettel acting predominantly as a support musician. The focus on these projects led to speculation that Skinny Puppy had disbanded. Steven Gilmore, Skinny Puppy's long time art director, had claimed during an interview with Key and Ogre that Sire Records had relayed to MTV that the group was no more; Ogre asserted that "it's a lot of talk and talk can only be justified when it's actually seen". The energy and enthusiasm generated from this diverse array of side projects would ultimately culminate into what would become the Too Dark Park record, which Key described as "the follow up to the last pure Puppy album", VIVIsectVI.
Production and music
Nivek Ogre had been invited to join the Revolting Cocks on tour in 1990, having previously provided vocals on their 1988 tour. Ogre declined the offer, explaining their reason why to Alternative Press in 1991:
With Ogre no longer committed to the Revolting Cocks tour and all side projects taken on by Key and Goettel completed, Skinny Puppy reassembled in studio to begin production on a new album. Goettel stated that the intention in making Too Dark Park was, in a way, an effort to reassess "everything" about Skinny Puppy. Key indicated that by fixing the mistakes that had been made on the previous record, there would then be the opportunity to return to the band's original aspirations. The group aimed for their first album of the 1990s to have a new sound and achieved this by taking what had worked well for them in the previous decade and incorporated it with fresh ideas. This also meant hiring a new art director, Jim Cummins, as Goettel had explained that the band's album artwork had been "stagnating".
On the origins of the album's title, Key has stated that it was meant to be a rhyme on words. They mention that during the writing process, the band took notice to the fact that the material they were coming up with was becoming "really dark" and thus crafted the title Too Dark Park. The album explores a number of concepts, especially those pertaining to environmental degradation and the self-destruction of humanity. Ogre described the basis for the album's underlying message as the following: "that feeling of going down a road with the knowledge that you're breaking down. Yet you continue to travel down that road." The album also explores more personal territory, particularly Ogre's dealings with heroin. Ogre revealed to Alternative Press how they had nearly been arrested for possession while working in Chicago and how that incident had nearly brought their career to an end.
As is typical for the band, the music contains an array of samples from horror films, television shows, and documentaries. The song "Convulsion" contains samples from the 1967 documentary LSD-25 as well as from the Japanese erotic horror anime Legend of the Overfiend (the sound effects heard at the beginning of the song). "Tormentor" contains a line from the Bob Clark's 1987 film From the Hip. "Natures Revenge" samples the 1989 film Communion while "Shore Lined Poison" samples the 1967 film The Trip. The song "Morpheus Laughing" contains a sample of actor Bruce Willis saying the line "they appeared to me as if in a dream" from a Wayne's World skit on Saturday Night Live. The song "T.F.W.O." features the line "you have to fuck life" from the 1973 horror film Flesh for Frankenstein and "Reclamation" contains samples from the 1988 horror film Hellbound: Hellraiser II and the 1978 animated adaptation of Watership Down.
The album was produced by cEvin Key and Dave Ogilvie, and recorded at Mushroom Studios with the additional aid of Ken Marshall. The album was mixed at Little Mountain Sound Studios by Ken Marshall, Dave Ogilvie, and Greg Reely.
Release
Too Dark Park was released worldwide on October 30, 1990. For its initial release, the CD featured a full color fold out booklet on which the liner notes were printed. Later pressings featured a stapled booklet with only the front cover being colored in. The 1998 and 2004 reissue once again contain the full color fold out booklet, with somewhat reworked artwork and disc design. The initial pressing released in the UK had the same catalogue number as pressings released in the US; "printed in the U.S.A." was digitally edited to read "printed in the U.K.". In the US, Capital Records promoted the album's release by distributing cardboard masks based on the monsters featured in Jim Cummins' cover artwork.
The song "Tormentor" was released as a single and featured an alternative version of the song "Nature's Revenge" as well as the B-side "Bark". "Spasmolytic" was released as a single in 1991; a music video was produced for commercial airplay. A VHS version of the video was distributed for use in dance clubs and video shows.
Critical reception
Too Dark Park was well received upon its release in 1990,
with critics like Spin magazine's Staci Bonner declaring the record to be the band's "return to the bloodbath". Bonner gave the most praise to the album's sampling, calling the technique's use "artful", and concluded that "you can be a 'spun web deluded of life' or a 'crushed velvet corpse' because with Skinny Puppy, everyday is Halloween." Jean Carey of the Tampa Bay Times praised the album, describing it as the band's "watershed moment", and calling attention to the "vaguely central theme" of environmental destruction. Steven Perez of the Tampa Tribune also took note of the album's "environmental kick", saying Too Dark Park'''s "impressiveness lies beyond the mirage of its droning industrial instrumentation". Sandra A. Garcia of B-Side magazine also spoke highly of the record, calling it "superb" and a "step regained" following Rabies. Garcia described the album as "dark and dense", and declared that the band was once again in full control of their music.
Alex Henderson of AllMusic gave the album four and a half stars, describing it a "forceful and consistently abrasive", but at the same time danceable. Henderson approved of the album's "twisted" sampling, distorted synth work, and use of guitar, and concluded that while the album was a must-have for fans of industrial music, newcomers may be put off by its chaotic sound and would find it best to start off with the genre's more accessible offerings. Daniel Lukes of Kerrang! described the album as "controlled chaos at its most unsettling" and that it reflected Skinny Puppy at the height of their creativity. Trouser Press magazine described Too Dark Park as "environmentally minded" and likened the gloomy musical style employed on the songs "Nature's Revenge" and "Morpheus Laughing" to those of new wave acts such as Joy Division and Gary Numan. Martin Aston in Q Magazine noted that the album "quakes with the usual quotient of fury and frustration (...) matched only by the relentlessly crushing beats of their electronic hardcore throb".
In a mixed review for The Morning Call, Diana Valois said the album was "harsher in parts" than the band's previous releases, and approved of the songs "Nature's Revenge" and "Rash Reflection" for "rising above the muddled, angry morass". Billboard also gave the album a mixed review, stating that while fans of alternative music would enjoy it, there was not much to offer that couldn't be found in other, more accessible groups such as Ministry.
Not all critics were as receptive to Too Dark Park. In a negative review for the Calgary Herald, Mark Tremblay likened the band to an "environmental punk version of Hawkwind". Mitchell May of the Chicago Tribune awarded the album two out of four stars, saying that "not only do they apparently care very little about actually selling records, but they openly defy the listener to like them." Gigen Mammoser of Vice noted that Too Dark Park was "the rejection of a genre headed increasingly towards mainstream acceptance." Mammoser described the album as "frightening" and likened it to a mental disorder. Though they had mixed feelings towards the album, Mammoser admitted to "dusting it off" for a listen on certain occasions.
In 2013, Francois Marchand of the Vancouver Sun named Too Dark Park one of the best albums to come out of Mushroom Studios, describing it as a "nightmarish vortex of hard-hitting electronic rock". Metal Hammer placed Too Dark Park on their list of the best 10 industrial metal albums as well as the 10 best industrial music albums, describing its "dance-floor beats" and "raw screaming noise" as the antithesis of the techno scene.
Track listing
Personnel
All information from Too Dark Park's'' liner notes.
Musicians
Nivek Ogre – vocals
cEvin Key – drums, synthesizers, guitars, sampling, production
Dwayne Goettel – synthesizers, guitar, bass guitar
Additional personnel
Dave Ogilvie – guitar (tracks 5 and 8), production, recording, mixing (tracks 1, 3, and 5–9)
Dale Plevin – fretless bass (tracks 1 and 5), stick bass (track 10)
Greg Reely – piano (track 4), mixing (tracks 2, 4, and 10)
Ken Marshall – recording, mixing
Jim Cummins – sleeve design
References
1990 albums
Albums produced by Dave Ogilvie
Skinny Puppy albums
Nettwerk Records albums
Richfield Center is an unincorporated community in Lucas County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
A post office called Richfield Centre was established in 1874, the name was changed to Richfield Center in 1893, and the post office closed in 1901. The community is located in Richfield Township, from which it takes its name. In 1910, Richfield Center had 111 inhabitants.
References
Unincorporated communities in Lucas County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Erigeron hyssopifolius is a North American species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae, called the hyssop-leaf fleabane. It is widespread across much of Canada and has also been found in the northeastern United States (northern New England, New York, Michigan).
Erigeron hyssopifolius is a perennial up to 35 centimeters (14 inches) tall, spreading by means of underground rhizomes. Each plant generally produces only one flower head, though sometimes groups of as many as 5, each head with up to 50 pink or white ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
hyssopifolius
Flora of North America
Plants described in 1803
Antonio Ballerini (10 October 1805 – 27 November 1881) was an Italian Jesuit theologian.
Biography
Ballerini was born in Medicina, in what is now the Province of Bologna.
They entered the Society of Jesus, on 13 October 1826. They were professor of philosophy at Ferentino, of ecclesiastical history at Rome and at Fermo, of moral theology at the Roman College.
They took a prominent part in the controversies on the writings of Rosmini, on the moral system of Alphonsus Liguori, and on the relations between the hierarchy and the religious orders, especially in England. They contributed treatises to the discussion of the subject of the Immaculate Conception of the Virgin Mary.
They collaborated to the compilation of the Menology of the Society, and published a compendium of Jean-Pierre Gury. Their chief work, the commentary on Busenbaum's Medulla, was completed and published by Domenico Palmieri.
They died in Rome in 1881.
References
Sommervogel, Bibl. de la C. de Jesus, I (Brussels, 1890)
1805 births
1881 deaths
People from the Province of Bologna
19th-century Italian Jesuits
19th-century Italian Roman Catholic theologians
Spanish singer Melody has released six studio albums and about 20 singles.
Studio albums
Extended plays
Promotional EPs
Singles
[A] from the 2015 Spanish film It's Now or Never
Remix singles
For chart positions, see "Singles".
Promotional singles
Collaboration singles
Music videos
References
Pop music discographies
Latin pop music discographies
Discographies of Spanish artists
Bannang Sata may refer to
Bannang Sata (town), Yala province, Thailand
Bannang Sata District, or one of its subdistricts, in Yala province, Thailand
The 2021–22 season was the 72nd season in the existence of Stade Brestois 29 and the club's fourth consecutive season in the top flight of French football. In addition to the domestic league, Brest participated in this season's edition of the Coupe de France.
Players
First-team squad
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Ligue 1
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 25 June 2021.
Coupe de France
Statistics
Appearances and goals
Last updated 21 May 2022.
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards
|}
Top scorers
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by squad number when total goals are equal.
Last updated 21 May 2022.
Cleansheets
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by squad number when total cleansheets are equal.
Last updated 21 May 2022.
Disciplinary record
Includes all competitive matches.
Last updated 21 May 2022.
References
Stade Brestois 29 seasons
Brest
The 2021–22 season was the 91st season in the existence of CA Osasuna and the club's third consecutive season in the top flight of Spanish football. In addition to the domestic league, Osasuna participated in this season's edition of the Copa del Rey.
Players
First-team squad
Reserve team
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
La Liga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 30 June 2021.
Copa del Rey
Statistics
Appearances and goals
Last updated 22 May 2022
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players who have made an appearance or had a squad number this season but have been loaned out or transferred
|}
Goalscorers
References
CA Osasuna seasons
CA Osasuna
Kääpa may refer to several places in Estonia:
Kääpa, Jõgeva County, village in Estonia
Kääpa, Võru County, village in Estonia
Prince Constantin of Liechtenstein (Constantin Ferdinand Maria; born 15 March 1972), known professionally as Constantin Liechtenstein, is a member of Liechtenstein Princely Family and business person.  They are the third son of Prince Hans-Adam II and Princess Marie.  They are the CEO of Liechtenstein Group.
Education and career
Constantin attended the primary school in Vaduz-Ebenholz and entered the Liechtensteinisches Gymnasium in 1983, which they graduated from in 1991. They enrolled at the Paris Lodron University of Salzburg in 1992 and graduated in 1997 with a master's degree in law. They then worked for Raiffeisen Private Equity Management and the American investment bank Brown Brothers Harriman. Prince Constantin then became the managing partner of Grünwald Equity Beteiligungs-GmbH until 2011. Since 2012, they became General Director and chairperson of the board of directors of the Prince of Liechtenstein Foundation and has been responsible for the business areas of agriculture and forestry, renewable energy, and the family's real estate affairs. They work for the Liechtenstein Group since 2020. In addition, they have other functions such as chairperson of the board of directors of Rice Tec AG, member of the advisory council of LGT Austria and member of the L-GAM Investment Committee.
In addition, Prince Constantin was appointed a member of the Austrian Council for Sustainable Development in Vienna, whose primary goals are the implementation of the Sustainable Development Goals in the UN 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, concretization and visualization of sustainability as well as the support and acceleration of corresponding activities in business, society, politics, science, media and the public.
Other activities
Prince Constantin and their family attended the annual Liechtenstein National Day. Prince Constantin is a patron of Football Is More Foundation and attended the annual Football Is More Conferences. In May 2014, Prince Constantin visited The Lower Austrian Forest Youth Games which held in Sparbach Nature Park, the oldest nature park in Austria owned by the Liechtenstein princely family. There, they met sixth grade students and praises the games as to "see nature as an overall view". In March 2015, they hosted delegation of Liechtenstein's Members of Parliament at Wilfersdorf Castle in Wilfersdorf. In August 2015, they and their wife attended a charity concert hosted by their sister-in-law Hereditary Princess Sophie at the Liechtenstein City Palace. The money raised was used for a joined project of Austrian and Liechtenstein Red Cross to help people in Eastern Ukraine. In April 2017, they and their family with other Liechtenstein princely family members visited the Vatican to meet Pope Francis. In September 2017, they and their sister Princess Tatjana attended the annual Liechtenstein Reception in Vienna.
Prince Constantin initiated and hosted the Summer Rhapsody at the Liechtenstein Garden Palace in Vienna, Austria on 31 July 2020. In March 2022, Prince Constantin with their father and their siblings Hereditary Prince Alois and Princess Tatjana attended the opening of the exhibition "True Prince — Joseph Wenzel and Their Art" at the Liechtenstein Palace. On 28 April 2022, Prince Constantin visited Hrušky, Czech Republic with other employees of the Prince of Liechtenstein Foundation and donated 5 million korunas to the village to restore the garden and playground of the kindergarten after destroyed by tornado.
Marriage and family
Prince Constantin married Countess Marie Gabriele Franziska Kálnoky de Kőröspatak civilly on 14 May 1999 in Vaduz, Liechtenstein and religiously on 18 July 1999 in Číčov, Slovakia. The couple have three children:
Prince Moritz Emanuel Maria of Liechtenstein, Count of Rietberg (born on 27 May 2003 in New York City, New York, U.S.)
Princess Georgina "Gina" Maximiliana Tatiana Maria of Liechtenstein, Countess of Rietberg (born on 23 July 2005 in Vienna, Austria)
Prince Benedikt Ferdinand Hubertus Maria of Liechtenstein, Count of Rietberg (born on 18 May 2008 in Vienna, Austria).
Princess Marie was born on 16 July 1975 in Graz, Austria as the sixth daughter of Count Alois Kálnoky de Kőröspatak and Baroness Sieglinde von Oer. Marie worked for Austrian Broadcasting Corporation and the Bismarck Media Communications in New York City as a marketing specialist before works for The Prince of Liechtenstein's Winery Cellars as a sommelier.
Titles, styles, and arms
Constantin is styled as Their Serene Highness Prince Constantin of Liechtenstein, Count of Rietberg. They also bear the coat of arms of the princely house.
References
1972 births
Living people
Princes of Liechtenstein
University of Salzburg alumni
Liechtenstein Roman Catholics
People from St. Gallen (city)
Maurizio Galli (21 November 1932 − 1 June 2008) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop.
Career
Ordained to the priesthood in 1961, Galli was named bishop of Roman Catholic Diocese of Fidenza, Italy, in 1998 and resigned in 2007. On 2 May 1998 they received the episcopal consecrationin thew Cremona Cathedral by hand of then local bishop Giulio Nicolini and with the participation of Giulio Nicolini and Fiorino Tagliaferri in quality of co-consecrators.
On 28 June 2007 Galli received the honorary citizenship by the Major of Cremona. two days later, they resigned from the charge of ordinary bishop under the pressures of part of the Italian Episscopal Conference, becoming emeritus bishop in the same diocese. Some elements belonging to the Roman Catholic feared they could be affected by a degenerative mental illness.
Death
In November they had a critical surgical intervention in Milan due to a brain cancer. They died at 8.15 a.m. on 1 June 2008 in the Handmaids of Charity of Cremona. The funeral was celebrated on 3 June 2008 in the Cremona Cathedral by the bishop Dante Lafranconi, with the participation of the following bishops: Carlo Mazza of Fidenza, Oscar Cantoni of Crema, Claudio Baggini of Vigevano, Roberto Busti of Mantua and Lino Pizzi of Forlì-Bertinoro. Subsequently, the remains were translated in Fidenza for the public worship and the cardinal Carlo Caffarra celebrated a second esequial Mass. Mgr. Galli was entombed in the Fidenza Cathedral crypt in the Arca dei Vescovi (Bishop's Arch), a sculptorial work of the cremonese Pietro Farraroni.
Legacy
On 2 December 2009, in the Bonomelli Hall of the diocesan seminary of Cremona it was presented the book titled Maurizio Galli. Uomo d'eccellenza (Maurizio Galli, a man of excellence)..
References
1936 births
2008 deaths
Clergy from the Province of Cremona
Roman Catholic bishops in Italy
20th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
The 2013–14 Fresno State Bulldogs men's basketball team represented California State University, Fresno during the 2013–14 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. This was head coach Rodney Terry's third season at Fresno State. The Bulldogs played their home games at the Save Mart Center and they were members of the Mountain West Conference. They finished the season 21–18, 9–9 in Mountain West play to finish in a tie for fifth place. They lost in the quarterfinals of the Mountain West Conference Tournament to New Mexico. They were invited to the College Basketball Invitational where they advanced to the best of 3 finals where they lost to Siena 1 games to 2.
Departures
Recruiting
Roster
Schedule and results
Source
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#FF0000; color:#000080;"| Exitbition
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#FF0000; color:#000080;"| Regular Season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#FF0000; color:#000080;"| Mountain West Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#FF0000; color:#000080;"| CBI
References
Fresno State
Fresno State Bulldogs men's basketball seasons
Fresno State
Fresno
Fresno
Dedeler is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
The LEND Network (for Leaders Engaged in New Democracies) is an initiative of the Community of Democracies designed to bring together key leaders from countries undergoing democratic transitions with leaders who helped guide their own countries' recent successful democratic transitions, allowing them to share experiences, best practices, and advice about how to navigate the challenges and opportunities of democratization.
Participants in the LEND Network currently include approximately 60 civil society representatives, political activists, and civil servants from Tunisia and Moldova (approximately 30 from each country) and more than 50 international advisers, such as former senior-level government officials or experts in civil society.
Overview
The LEND Network is a global forum for exchanging information and expertise on democratization to support leaders as they work to build strong and accountable democratic institutions. It provides peer advice and support for leaders and policymakers in key emerging democracies around the world. The Network brings together devoted key leaders from the world's newest democracies with former heads of states, leaders and scholars experienced with democratic transition, overcoming financial and logistical barriers that have limited such efforts in the past and enabling true professional dialogue over the virtual platform.
This platform consists of a secure and invitation-only online portal which facilitates participants' real-time voice, video, and text communication with integrated text translation. This online platform is supplemented with in-person meetings based on relevant and timely subjects. The initiative is led by a Community of Democracies Working Group co-chaired by Estonia and the United States, and implemented by the Permanent Secretariat of the Community of Democracies.
Communities within the platform are based on different key aspects of democratic transitions, including: constitutional reform, civil society, accountability, education, human rights, justice sector reform, diplomacy, local governance, and more.
To complement the online platform's facilitation of individual conversation and substantive participation from leaders and advisers, the Community of Democracies and Club de Madrid have also convened a number of face-to-face meetings between the participants. Face-to-face meetings have been held in Moldova, Sweden, Slovakia, and Tunisia. This includes a special workshop in Tunisia on constitution building, held at the peak of the constitutional crisis in Tunisia and largely contributing to the democratic discourse and the continuation of the peaceful consolidation process in the country.
The LEND Network was conceived by American diplomat and technologist Tomicah Tillemann and formally launched on July 9, 2012 during a meeting of the Governing Council of the Community of Democracies in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia by former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Estonian Foreign Minister Urmas Paet.
Partners
In addition to the Community of Democracies, Estonia, and the United States, the Club de Madrid has organized several events LEND Network participants, and the Network also collaborates with the Club de Tunis, USAID, and the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency (SIDA). The technology platform and tools are provided by OpenText, Dialcom-Spontania, and Google.
References
Intergovernmental organizations
The next Basque regional election will be held no later than Sunday, 11 August 2024, to elect the 13th Parliament of the Basque Autonomous Community. All 75 seats in the Parliament will be up for election.
Overview
Electoral system
The Basque Parliament is the devolved, unicameral legislature of the autonomous community of the Basque Country, having legislative power in regional matters as defined by the Spanish Constitution of 1978 and the regional Statute of Autonomy, as well as the ability to vote confidence in or withdraw it from a lehendakari.
Voting for the Parliament is on the basis of universal suffrage, which comprises all nationals over 18 years of age, registered in the Basque Country and in full enjoyment of their political rights. Additionally, Basques abroad are required to apply for voting before being permitted to vote, a system known as "begged" or expat vote (). The 75 members of the Basque Parliament are elected using the D'Hondt method and a closed list proportional representation, with an electoral threshold of three percent of valid votes—which includes blank ballots—being applied in each constituency. Seats are allocated to constituencies, corresponding to the provinces of Álava, Biscay and Gipuzkoa, being allocated a fixed number of 25 seats each to provide for an equal representation of the three provinces in parliament as required under the regional statute of autonomy. This means that Álava is allocated the same number of seats as Biscay and Gipuzkoa, despite their populations being, as of 1 July 2020, 330,242, 1,142,323 and 716,925, respectively.
The use of the D'Hondt method may result in a higher effective threshold, depending on the district magnitude.
Election date
The term of the Basque Parliament expires four years after the date of its previous election, unless it is dissolved earlier. The election decree shall be issued no later than the twenty-fifth day prior to the date of expiry of parliament and published on the following day in the Official Gazette of the Basque Country (BOPV), with election day taking place on the fifty-fourth day from publication. The previous election was held on 12 July 2020, which meant that the legislature's term will expire on 12 July 2024. The election decree shall be published in the BOPV no later than 18 June 2024 with the election taking place on the fifty-fourth day from publication, setting the latest possible election date for the Parliament on Sunday, 11 August 2024.
The lehendakari has the prerogative to dissolve the Basque Parliament at any given time and call a snap election, provided that no motion of no confidence is in process. In the event of an investiture process failing to elect a lehendakari within a sixty-day period from the Parliament re-assembly, the Parliament is to be dissolved and a fresh election called.
Parliamentary composition
The table below shows the composition of the parliamentary groups in the Parliament at the present time.
Parties and candidates
The electoral law allows for parties and federations registered in the interior ministry, coalitions and groupings of electors to present lists of candidates. Parties and federations intending to form a coalition ahead of an election are required to inform the relevant Electoral Commission within ten days of the election call, whereas groupings of electors need to secure the signature of at least one percent of the electorate in the constituencies for which they seek election, disallowing electors from signing for more than one list of candidates.
Below is a list of the main parties and electoral alliances which will likely contest the election:
Opinion polls
The table below lists voting intention estimates in reverse chronological order, showing the most recent first and using the dates when the survey fieldwork was done, as opposed to the date of publication. Where the fieldwork dates are unknown, the date of publication is given instead. The highest percentage figure in each polling survey is displayed with its background shaded in the leading party's colour. If a tie ensues, this is applied to the figures with the highest percentages. The "Lead" column on the right shows the percentage-point difference between the parties with the highest percentages in a poll. When available, seat projections determined by the polling organisations are displayed below (or in place of) the percentages in a smaller font; 38 seats are required for an absolute majority in the Basque Parliament.
Notes
References
Opinion poll sources
Other
Basque Country
2020s
The Romanian Air Force 90th Airlift Base () is located at the Henri Coandă International Airport, near Bucharest. In 1949, the 49th Transport Group was the first unit to be settled at Otopeni airfield. Later, in 1971, a special squadron was commissioned here and after few years this squadron became the 50th Airlift Wing. On March 1, 1990, by gathering together these two units, the 90th Airlift Base was officially formed.
The base is currently home to the 901st, 902nd, 903rd, 904th, 905th aviation squadrons, operating C-130 Hercules, C-27J Spartan, An-26, An-30, IAR-330L and IAR-330 SOCAT aircraft. The 90th Airlift Base is also the home of the Presidential and Government aircraft.
In October 2004, the 61st Helicopter Squadron was transferred to the 90th Airlift Base, adding IAR-330 SOCAT to its inventory. The 90th Airlift Base has also MEDEVAC capability.
Air base equipment
In 2022 RoAF 90th air base equipment:
C-130B 2 (5930,6166)
C-130H 1 (6191)
C-27J 7 (2701,2702,2703,2704,2705,2706,
2707)
AN-26 1 (810)
AN-30 2 (1104,1105)
IAR 330 3 VIP (21,40,55) 2 MEDEVAC (75,106) 2 TRANSPORT (74,77)
Stored equipment
C-130B 1 (6150)
AN-26 1 (801)
IAR 330 3 Puma (07,10,91)
2007 IAR-330 SOCAT crash
Three crewmen were killed on November 7, 2007, including Commander Bucur Nicolae (one of the most experienced RoAF pilots, with over 2,700 flying hours), when an IAR-330 Puma SOCAT helicopter belonging to the 90th Airlift Base crashed in Ungheni, near Piteşti, Argeș County. The aircraft was performing a night training mission at the moment it disappeared from radar. Immediately after the crash, the 90th air base detached two helicopters for a search and rescue mission.
References
External links
90th Airlift Base on the Romanian Air Force official website
Order of Battle of the RoAF
90
Lisa Heddens (born June 6, 1964) is an American politician who served as a member of the Iowa House of Representatives from 2003 to 2019.
Early life and education
Heddens was born in Rochester, Minnesota. They received their Bachelor of Science degree and a teaching certificate from Iowa State University.
Career
Heddens served as ranking member on the House Health and Human Services Appropriations subcommittee. They were also assistant minority leader in the House. Heddens was re-elected in 2006 with 8,371 votes (63%), defeating Republican John Griswold and Libertarian Eric Cooper.
Personal life
Heddens's husband, Jeff, works for the Iowa Department of Public Defense. They have two children.
References
External links
Representative Lisa Heddens official Iowa General Assembly site
Lisa Heddens State Representative official constituency site
Financial information (state office) at the National Institute for Money in State Politics
Members of the Iowa House of Representatives
Living people
Women state legislators in Iowa
1964 births
Iowa State University alumni
Iowa Democrats
Politicians from Rochester, Minnesota
Politicians from Ames, Iowa
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
A Postcard from Britain is the first studio album by English rock band the Sensible Gray Cells, released in October 2013 by Easy Action. The band is a side project of guitarist Captain Sensible and bassist Paul Gray of the Damned along with drummer Anthony Thickett. The theme of modern-day Britain runs throughout the album, which the band themselves describe as a concept album.
Background
In the 1980s and 1990s, Captain Sensible and Paul Gray had worked together, both in the Damned and on Sensible's solo work. For years, the two had talked about recording an album together again, and in the autumn of 2012, Sensible visited Gray for a week at their home in South Wales. Both brought in songs for the project and some were written together. They traded ideas for songs in between visits to the local pub, where many of the lyrics were written. Commenting on the album's concept, Gray said, "The "postcards" theme quickly manifested itself, all the quirky things that make our funny old country both good and not so good ... it was great working to a theme and made the whole process very easy lyrically – it came together very quickly and was hugely democratic."
They recruited drummer Anthony Thickett, who Gray played with in local band Monte Dons. "He has a great swing feel to their playing," Gray said. "We didn't want a bish bash bosh merchant, and they fitted the bill perfectly." Sensible, a self-confessed aficionado of the Nuggets compilation albums of 1960s psychedelic and garage rock singles, was excited to record parts of the album in a real garage. "So when Kate, a retired doctor and friend of Mr. Gray's said we could use hers," they said, "it was an offer we simply couldn't refuse." With no budget, the band recorded the backing tracks in the garage, usually in a day, and then tracked the rest on their laptops in Gray's kitchen. The vocals and acoustic guitars were recorded on a cheap microphone placed in a cardboard box with egg cartons. The bouzoukis and some of Gray's guitar parts were taken from their 4-track Portastudio demos "as they had a certain gnarled, 'rough and ready' charm to them." Former Monty Dons members, Alan Davies and Phil Blight, contributed backing vocals, and Kate Briscoe, who let them use their garage played piano on one track. Sensible and Gray both knew former member of Hawkwind, the Welsh-residing Nik Turner. "He was well up for blowing some sax," Gray said in 2013, "so we boshed down to their gaff earlier this year with the laptop and they honked away as only they can on a couple of tracks." Sensible added "bits and pieces" at their home in Brighton, "and then we gave it to an engineer friend of mine to mix," Gray said.
The subject matter of the songs ranges from British drinking culture ("Tragic Roundabout"), the nostalgia for family businesses ("Forgotten High Streets") and X Factor-type television shows ("Halfway to Hollywood") to global warming ("English Summer"), the surveillance society ("Looking at You"), and Tony Blair and the Iraq War ("Stole Into the Night"). "I think the lyrics are very transparent," Gray said, "we wanted them to be accessible, they're all about the things that bothered or amused us."
A proposed tour in support of the album was dropped due to poor ticket sales.
Reception
Ian Abrahams, writing for Record Collector magazine, called the album "an engaging record with an appealing 1960s vibe and judicious sense of humour." They described the music as "catchy psychedelia" mixed with "pub-rock sensibilities." They felt that some of the best moments are the low-key ones, writing that "there's a Ray Davies air to the lament and longing of "Forgotten High Streets" and a delightfully wistful angst to "City Bird"." On a less positive note, Abrahams wrote that "while it's clear what they're getting at on "Lottery of Life", the likes of Susan Boyle, Jeremy Clarkson and Posh and Becks are lazy targets. From that respect, some of their commentary is a bit patchy."
Andy Close from the Pure Rawk website called it "a cracking collection of tunes" with "great hooks" and With Guitars magazine's Steve Janes called it "a good body of work." Janes noted Sensible's "unique guitar style" and Gray's "trademark Rickenbacker basslines," describing the album as "well played, falling under, for the most part, the alternative pop banner."
In the Big Takeover magazine, writer Greg Bartalos placed the album at No. 2 on their "My 10 favorite albums of 2013" list.
Track listing
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
Personnel
The Sensible Gray Cells
Captain Sensible – vocals, guitar, keyboards
Paul Gray – bass, guitar, keyboards, backing vocals
Anthony Thickett – drums, percussion
Additional personnel
Nik Turner – saxophone on "State of the Nation" and "Looking at You"
Kate Briscoe – piano on "Halfway to Hollywood"
Alan 'Big Al' Davies – backing vocals
Phil Blight – backing vocals
Technical
Captain Sensible – producer
Paul Gray – producer
Steve Davies – mixing, mastering
Andy Martin – cover art (postcard designs)
Alan 'Big Al' Davies – photography (band photos)
References
2013 debut albums
Concept albums
The Mutual Alliance Trust Company was a trust company formed in New York City in 1902, with founders such as Cornelius Vanderbilt and William Rockefeller.
On January 14, 1915, the company was acquired by Chatham-Phenix National and Alliance Trust in New York.
History
Formation
At the end of April 1902, H. M. Humphreys resigned from their positions as superintendent of the Coffee Exchange to become vice president of the newly formed Mutual Alliance Trust Company. On May 1, 1902, the New York Times reported the details of the newly formed Mutual Alliance Trust Company. It was organized by Cornelius Vanderbilt, William Rockefeller, and "a dozen more well-known men" with $1,000,000 in capital. Its initial place of business was an office at Orchard and Grand Streets in New York City. Kalman Haas was founding president, and Henry M. Humphrey vice president. It opened for business on the Tuesday after June 29, 1902, as a general trust company on the east side of Manhattan. There were 13 directors upon its founding.
Acquisition of National Reserve Bank
On January 27, 1914, the National Reserve Bank was taken over by the Mutual Alliance Trust Company, which was then based at 35 Wall Street. The two companies had previously been affiliated and had shared directors. Deposits of the merged institutions was about $12,000,000. The National Reserve was liquidated, and its stockholders received the value "of the assets exceeding the amount of the deposits and a substantial payment for the good will of the institution." James H. Parker was appointed president of the combined institution. Those of the National Bank Reserve were about $4,352,561 on January 13, 1914. At the time of the merge, the New York Times wrote that "both institutions have a large number of country bank accounts, chiefly in the West and Southwest, and handle much cotton exchange business." For a time, the office of the National Bank Reserve at 165 was continued as the Reserve Branch of the trust company.
Liquidation
In January 1915, there were negotiations for Chatham and Phenix National to buy and liquidate the Mutual Alliance Trust Company in its entirety. The merger was completed on January 14, 1915.
Directors
When it opened for business on the Tuesday after June 29, 1902, there were 13 directors, including:
Kalman Haas
Henry H. Rogers (H. H. Rogers)
Eugene G. Kremer
James N. Jarvie (James M. Jarvis)
Cornelius Vanderbilt
Isidor Straus
Richard A. McCurdy
Louis Stern
Martin Erdmann
Percival Kuhne
Emanuel Lehman
William Rockefeller
Frederic Cromwell
See also
List of bank mergers in the United States
References
1902 establishments in New York City
Banks based in New York City
Banks established in 1902
Banks disestablished in 1915
History of New York City
1915 disestablishments in New York (state)
JPMorgan Chase
1915 mergers and acquisitions
American companies established in 1902
American companies disestablished in 1915
Albert Rupprecht (born 10 June 1968) is a German politician of the Christian Social Union (CSU) who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria since 2002.
They represent Weiden.
Political career
Rupprecht first became a member of the Bundestag in the 2002 German federal election.  They are a member of the Committee for Education, Research and Technology Assessment. Since 2009, they have been the CDU/CSU parliamentary group's spokesperson on education and research.
In the negotiations to form a fourth coalition government under Chancellor Angela Merkel following the 2017 federal elections, Rupprecht was part of the working group on education policy, led by Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, Stefan Müller and Hubertus Heil.
Political positions
In June 2017, Rupprecht voted against Germany's introduction of same-sex marriage.
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1968 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
Members of the Bundestag 2009–2013
Members of the Bundestag 2005–2009
Members of the Bundestag 2002–2005
People from Neustadt an der Waldnaab (district)
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
The 1909 Tie Cup Final was the final match to decide the winner of the Tie Cup, the 10th. edition of the international competition organised by the Argentine and Uruguayan Associations together. The final was contested by Argentine Alumni and Uruguayan CURCC.
In the match, played at Estadio G.E.B.A. in Belgrano, Alumni beat CURCC 4–0, with goals by Eliseo Brown (3) and Alfredo Brown, achieving not only its sixth Tie Cup trophy but the record of titles won by any team. It was also the last international title won by the team before Alumni was officially dissolved in April 1913.
Qualified teams
Overview
Alumni qualified for the final after having won the Copa de Competencia Jockey Club, where the squad beat Rosarian teams Provincial (4–0) and Rosario Central (3–1 in Colegiales), San Isidro (3–2) and Newell's Old Boys in the final (5–1). The match was held in Gimnasia y Esgrima Stadium in Palermo on 5 September 1905. There was a low attendance due to bad weather.
The rain fallen during almost all the morning prior to the match left the field so muddy that players had problems to control the ball. Even though, Eliseo Brown received the ball 40 meters from the rival goal and started their run. When they were 25 meters from the goal Brown shot for the first goal of Alumni. On 40 minutes, Weiss passed to Arnold Watson Hutton who shot to the goal. Goalkeeper Pintos stopped the shot but the ball rebounded on their hands so Alfredo Brown took advantage of the play to score the second goal. Three minutes later, another pass from Weiss was connected by Eliseo Brown who scored the third goal.
The fourth goal came in the second half, with few minutes left when Eliseo Brown scored the last one for the final 4–0 of Alumni over CURCC. They were also the topscorer of the match with three goals. This edition of the Tie Cup was the last international title won by Alumni. In 1911 the club ceased its participation in official football competitions and two year later it was definitively dissolved.
Match details
References
1909 in Argentine football
1909 in Uruguayan football
T
T
Football in Buenos Aires
The Piano Guys 2 is the third studio album by American musical group The Piano Guys. It was released on May 7, 2013, by Portrait (a division of Sony Masterworks). The album made its chart début at number 38 on the US Billboard 200.
The deluxe version of The Piano Guys 2 comes with a DVD featuring 11 music videos.
Track listing
Personnel
Per liner notes
The Piano Guys
Steven Sharp Nelson - Cellist/Songwriter
Jon Schmidt - Pianist/Songwriter
Al van der Beek - Music Producer/Songwriter
Paul Anderson - Video Producer/Videographer
Additional musicians
Lindsey Stirling - violin on "Mission Impossible"
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2013 classical albums
Sony Music albums
The Piano Guys albums
Ritsudo Kobayashi (1903 – 1974) was a Japanese painter. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1903 births
1974 deaths
20th-century Japanese painters
Japanese painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Tokyo
"Venus in Chains" is a song recorded by German dance act U96, released in 1996 as the third and last single from their fourth album, Heaven (1996). It features vocals by German singer Dorothy Lapi (a.k.a. Dea-Li) and peaked at number seven in the Czech Republic. Additionally, it was a top 20 hit in Austria and a top 60 hit in Sweden. A music video was produced to promote the single, directed by German music video and film director Martin Weisz.
Critical reception
Pan-European magazine Music & Media wrote, "She sings she's a slave in chains. Eurohouse is becoming kinky business with this new single by German submarinehitmachine. The up-tempo beats refrain from hardcore rave frenzy and the melody hooks are definitely catchy."
Track listing
CD single, Germany
"Venus in Chains" (Video Mix) – 3:30
"In Chains" – 5:02
CD maxi, Germany
"Venus in Chains" (Video Mix) – 3:30
"Venus in Chains" (In Chains) – 5:02
"Venus in Chains" (Bass Bumpers Remix) – 5:56
"1-900-LOVE" – 4:02
CD maxi (Remix), Germany
"Venus in Chains" (Future Breeze Mix) – 6:47
"Venus in Chains" (Klubbheads Venusheuvel Mix) – 6:46
Charts
References
1996 singles
1996 songs
English-language German songs
Music videos directed by Martin Weisz
Song recordings produced by Alex Christensen
Songs written by Alex Christensen
U96 songs
Râca is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Adunați, Bucov and Râca. These were part of Popești Commune until 2003, when they were split off.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
The 1974 NCAA Indoor Track and Field Championships were contested March 8−9, 1974 at Cobo Arena in Detroit, Michigan at the 10th annual NCAA-sanctioned track meet to determine the individual and team national champions of men's collegiate indoor track and field events in the United States.
UTEP topped the team standings, the Miners' first indoor team title.
Qualification
Unlike other NCAA-sponsored sports, there were not separate NCAA Division I, Division II, and Division III championships for indoor track and field until 1985. As such, all athletes and programs from all three divisions were eligible to compete.
Team standings
Note: Top 10 only
Scoring: 6 points for a 1st-place finish, 4 points for 2nd, 3 points for 3rd, 2 points for 4th, and 1 point for 5th
(DC) = Defending Champions
Full results
References
NCAA Indoor Track and Field Championships
Ncaa Indoor Track And Field Championships
Ncaa Indoor Track And Field Championships
NCAA Indoor Track and Field Championships
Pterostylis humilis is a species of orchid endemic to New Zealand. It has a rosette of leaves at the base of the plant and when flowering stem, leaves which usually obscure the dark green and white flower.
Description
Pterostylis humilis is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and which often forms colonies. It has a loose rosette of leaves at the base and when flowering, between three and four more or less erect stem leaves, long and wide. The top-most leaves are higher than, and usually obscure the flowers. There is a single dark green flower with translucent white stripes and a reddish-brown tinge borne on a flowering stem tall or higher. The dorsal sepal and petals are fused, forming a hood or "galea" over the column. The dorsal sepal is more or less erect near its base then curves forward to the horizontal. The petals are slightly flared and slightly shorter than the dorsal sepal which has a short tip. There is a wide gap between the lateral sepals and the galea and the lateral sepals have thread-like tips which are erect, spread slightly apart from each other and are higher than the galea. The labellum is dark reddish-brown, curved and protrudes slightly above the sinus. Flowering occurs between November and January.
Taxonomy and naming
Pterostylis humilis was first formally described in 1922 by Richard Rogers and the description was published in Transactions and Proceedings of the Royal Society of South Australia. The specific epithet (humilis) is a Latin word meaning "low", "on the ground", "shallow" or "poor;".
Distribution and habitat
This greenhood grows in montane forests of Nothofagus and in subalpine scrub. It occurs on the Volcanic Plateau and in the Egmont National Park on the North Island. On the South Island it occurs from near Nelson to near the Buller River.
References
humilis
Endemic orchids of New Zealand
Plants described in 1922
Kilmurry-Negaul () is a civil parish and a village in County Clare, Ireland.
Location
Kilmurry-Negaul is a civil parish containing a village of the same name.
It was within the barony of Tulla Upper, but as of 1845 had recently been transferred to the barony of Bunratty Lower.
It is and covers .
The village of Kilmurry-Negaul is north of Sixmilebridge on the road to Quin.
There is a large tract of fine arable country of a light limestone where the parishes of Quinn, Clonlea and Kilmurry-Negral meet.
Antiquity
The name Kilmurry means "Church of the Virgin Mary", but originally the parish may have been dedicated to an Irish saint.
A holy well near the old church is dedicated to Saint Tobar Faoile.
The castle of Rossroe, well-preserved in 1897, belonged to Fineen, son of Loghlen MacNamara, in 1580.
The castle of Drumullan was in 1580 the property of Covea, son of Mahone MacNamara.
The parish lay in MacNamara territory, and the families of this powerful sect would not abandon the Catholic faith.
During the reign of King William III of England (1689–1702) John Lawson, an Englishman, was given the rectories of Quin, Tulloo, Cluony, Dowry, Templemaley, Kilraghtis and Kilmurry-Negaul.
Opposite the record of this appointment was the note, "No cure served at present; noe church in repaire; the country all wast."
These had been seven of the best parishes in the county.
On 18 March 1790 the vicarages of Kilseily, Bunratty, Clonlea, Clonloghan, Finogh, Kilconry, Killuran, Kilfinaghty, Kilmurrynegaul, Kilnoe and Tomfinlough were episcopally united in the Church of Ireland.
In 1810 the Church of Ireland rectory of Kilmurraynegaul was valued in the King's books at £0.6.8 sterling.
It was one of the parishes that made up the Union of Kilseily.
As of 1837 the civil parish was part of the Catholic union of Sixmilebridge.
The population was 980 in 1821 and had fallen to 628 in 1831.
In 1841 the population had risen to 699 in 101 houses.
The old burial ground in the village had the ruins of an old church in 1837.
By 1897 all traces of the church had gone, but the graveyard surrounding it remained in use.
Townlands
The townlands are Cloonmunnia, Cragroe, Drumullan, Kilcornan, Kilkishen, Kilkishen Demesne, Kilmurry, Knocknalappa, Rosroe, Shandangan East and Shandangan West.
References
Notes
Citations
Sources
Civil parishes of County Clare
Towns and villages in County Clare
The diving competitions at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games in the Philippines took place at New Clark City Aquatics Center in Carpas from 6 to 7 December 2019.
Malaysia has dominated all diving events.
Schedule
Results
The 2019 Games features competitions in four events.
Individual
Men's 3 metre springboard
Women's 3 metre springboard
Synchronised
Men's synchronised 3-metre springboard
Women's synchronised 3-metre springboard
References
External links
Results
Dr. Ethel Margaret Phillips (1876–1951) was a medical missionary who worked in China for approximately 43 years. Before becoming a medical missionary, Phillips gained admittance into the Victoria University of Manchester and subsequently became the third woman to graduate with a degree in medicine from the University. Upon graduating, Phillips was sent to China as a medical missionary by the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel (SPG). In China, Phillips faced some difficulty with the local population, as they did not trust foreigners after the political turmoil that had taken place recently before Phillips' arrival. Them accomplishments in China include the construction of two hospitals, work with the YWCA, and the establishment of a private practice. Phillips was interned in China during the Second World War. Phillips returned to the UK in 1948 and died three years later.
Early life
Ethel Margaret Phillips was born in England in 1876 and had a difficult childhood. They were the second of the four children of their parents. When they were an infant, their father who had trained as an engineer but contracted tuberculosis, took up a business in mineral water production in Bridgnorth but left their wife and children at their original home. When they were about four years old, their mother left the family, taking Phillips' youngest brother, Herbert, with them It was decided that all the other children would leave Bridgnorth, a small town in England, to live with their grandmother. After less than a year Phillips was then sent to attend school in London. Much of Phillips' childhood was spent living with unpleasant hosts and being passed from school to school. They also suffered from ill-health with suspected tuberculosis and fibroids, eventually needing a hysterectomy. Phillips began earning their living from the age of fifteen through teaching at Rushmore College, a private school located in Kidderminster, Shropshire. They took on various teaching jobs for the next few years, while also continuing their own studies. Phillips passed the Cambridge examination and then became an Associate of the Royal College of Preceptors.
Education
In September 1898, Phillips took the college entrance exam. Upon passing the exam, they enrolled at the University of Manchester. Women were only recently allowed admittance into the University and were not yet allowed to enrol in the medical program. In their first term, Phillips took many science courses and when the medical school began accepting women, during Phillips' second term, they transferred right away. In 1905, Phillips graduated from the University of Manchester with a bachelor of medicine and surgery, making them the third woman to graduate from the University with a degree in medicine. They were awarded several scholarships and medals during their university studies.
Calling
Around the time that Phillips was eleven, they heard a sermon given by a member of the London Missionary Society. After hearing the sermon, Phillips began to ponder the idea of becoming a missionary in the future. However, they decided that they were too shy to preach and abandoned the idea. As a young woman, their medical conditions meant they had had frequent visits to hospital, and they developed the ambition to become a medical doctor. These aspirations came together when Phillips was short on money. A friend advised them to apply for a scholarship from the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge to help to pay for their school tuition. To qualify, Phillips needed to go abroad as a missionary doctor and apply to a specific mission. Phillips decided to take the offer and applied to the Society for the Propagation of Gospel, who also provided them with training. Originally wishing to go to India, Phillips was instead assigned to China and arrived there on 23 October 1905.
Work in China
Political background
The Boxer Rebellion took place about five years prior to Phillips' arrival in China. The uprising was a response to the foreign religious influence brought over by traders and missionaries. Women missionaries were not well received in China at this time because of the unconventional role they took on through working outside the household. Despite violence, Western missionaries were not deterred from their mission work. Phillips arrived in China after the Boxer Rebellion but still experienced the aftereffects. People were not keen on Western practices in religion or medicine, so Phillips' patients might not adhere to their treatment recommendations.
Peking
When Phillips arrived in China, contemporary Chinese and Western medical practices were very different. Chinese medicine mostly used traditional methods, rather than the science-based methods developing in the West. Phillips encountered many herbal medications in China; herbal remedies and acupuncture were both very popular treatments. They also noted that people would seek advice from additional doctors if one did not provide an immediate cure.
After arriving in Peking, Phillips started to learn Chinese. They worked under Dr. Aspland, another medical missionary, who put them in charge of women and children outpatients and the women's ward at the dispensary. Phillips worked with Dr Aspland in Peking for six months and also visited other mission hospitals in the area to gain experience. During this time in Peking, Phillips developed an acute case of Tuberculosis and was advised by Dr. Aspland to leave Peking and go to the country for fresh air. During six weeks at the mission rest-house, Phillips' idealistic view of mission work became slightly tarnished by the lack of friendliness displayed by their coworkers in Peking.
Pinyin Mission Station
After recovering, a Bishop from a nearby diocese requested Phillips' presence in Pinyin. The Society for the Propagation of the Gospel had opened a mission station in Pinyin in 1879. Phillips arrived at the mission station on 9 March 1906. There were no other mission stations present in the area while Phillips was there. They often did not see eye to eye with the missionaries and wished to build a permanent hospital. In 1908, Phillips received permission to build the hospital that they had requested, and St. Agatha's Hospital was opened on 5 February 1909 with official dedication on 1 May.
St. Agatha's Hospital
St. Agatha's Hospital was the first hospital that was built in the diocese of Shandong. The hospital was also the first women's hospital to be opened in the entire district. The first patients were admitted on 15 November. Phillips introduced a policy that only necessary cases would be admitted, and patients had to pay a fee. They also had to pay for their food if they decided to leave before their treatment was complete, to encouraged patients to stay for the full course and also to prevent people attending only for free food. On 27 December 1909, the first infant was born at the hospital. Phillips was given the Chinese name Lady of Thunder because of their resolute character following the establishment of this hospital.
Furlough
Phillips seldom left China but did take a furlough following the opening of St. Agatha's Hospital, beginning on 4 July. They sailed to America, going to Hawaii, San Francisco, Salt Lake City, Chicago, and then to Canada. After that, Phillips travelled to London and was diagnosed unfit to return to China for health reasons by the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. In March 1913, Phillips decided that they felt well enough to return to their work in China and requested to work at the Canadian Church Mission in Henan Province. Them request was accepted and Phillips prepared for them return.
Kaifeng and St. Paul's Hospital
In Kaifeng, at the Canadian Church Mission, Phillips was considered a senior missionary due to their prior experience and ability to speak Chinese. The Bishop in charge of the mission placed Phillips in command of the women's work, the supervision of the boys' orphanage, and the construction of the new hospital. St. Paul's Hospital opened in November 1914. Not long after the opening, the mission began to deteriorate; two missionaries had already resigned. At this time, the mission was ordered to close the hospital until World War I was over. After closing down the hospital, Phillips did not wish to join any more missions, for their initial view of missionary work had been ruined.
Return to Peking
Back in Peking, Phillips translated nursing training material into Chinese. Then, from September 1915, Phillips taught medicine in Chinese at the Union Medical College for Women. The classes included hygiene and public health as well as other medical topics. Phillips also attended classes with their students at the Peking Union Medical College to translate the curriculum for them. They also agreed to be the visiting physician for the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, but when asked to join the mission again officially, Phillips declined, no longer wishing to be affiliated with a specific mission.
Phillips rented a house to open their own private practice. Them patients included foreign nationals as well as Chinese. For additional income, they rented rooms to paying guests. Along with teaching and their medical practice, Phillips was also made the unofficial physician for the YWCA, in which they helped Chinese women medically and socially.
While in Peking, Phillips adopted a two-year-old European boy, whom they called Clifford. They were sent to England at the age of 16 to continue their education. They remained in the UK, serving in the RAF during World War II and did not meet their mother until it ended.
Phillips and the YWCA
The YWCA was brought to China at the start of the twentieth century to provide a support system and to help Chinese women to move away from their original roles in the household. Phillips was consistently concerned with the betterment of women and children throughout their work in China. While working with the YWCA, Phillips wanted to create mother's clubs. Peking's YWCA successfully established a mother's club for women coming from lower income families. At the same time, Phillips pushed the creation of a Home Training School in which students would learn care for the sick, cleanliness, and a number of other simple tasks. Phillips was very firm in their beliefs of serving others.
Late life
Phillips had little impact from the political turmoil that was taking place in China until World War II began. As World War II started, they were running a tuberculosis sanatorium that was growing quickly. This was closed when the Japanese began their occupation of Peking. Along with the sanatorium, the Anglican Mission Girls' School where Phillips was doing health inspections was closed. On 7 December 1941, Phillips was declared by the Japanese to be an enemy alien because of their British ties. They were subsequently put under house arrest for a short while. Not long after being released, Phillips was ordered to evacuate Peking and was taken to the Weixian Internment Compound in Shandong Province. They remained there until the people in the camp were freed at the end of World War II on 17 August 1945.
Phillips was reunited with their son Clifford after their release, and became a grandmother in 1946. Feeling that it was impractical to recover their private medical practice, they took a position with Radio Peking, broadcasting a half-hour program three times each week. With the Chinese Civil War looming overhead, Clifford convinced their mother that it was time to leave China and, after 43 years, Phillips left China to live with their brother in Bridgwater, UK in 1948. They suffered after effects from the Weixan Internment Compound and died of congestive heart failure on 17 May 1951.
References
Bibliography
Drucker, A. R. (1979). The role of the YWCA in the development of the Chinese women's movement, 1890–1927. Social Service Review, 53(3), 421–440.
Duiker, W. J. (1978). Cultures in collision: The boxer rebellion. San Rafael: Presidio Press.
Phillips, C. H. (2003). In Jill Fallis (Ed.), The lady named thunder: A biography of dr. ethel margaret phillips (1876–1951). Edmonton, Alberta: The University of Alberta Press.
Rui-Juan, X. (1988). Microcirculation and traditional Chinese medicine. JAMA: The Journal of the American Medical Association, 260(12), 1755–1777. doi: 10.1001/jama.1988.03410120101035
Anglican missionaries in China
English Anglican missionaries
Christian medical missionaries
1876 births
1951 deaths
Female Christian missionaries
Pool 2 of the 1987 Rugby World Cup began on 24 May and was completed on 3 June. The pool was composed of Wales, Ireland, Canada and Tonga.
Standings
Canada vs Tonga
Ireland vs Wales
Tonga vs Wales
Canada vs Ireland
Canada vs Wales
Ireland vs Tonga
References
External links
1987 Rugby World Cup results at World Rugby
Full Results and Statistics at ESPN
Pool 2
1987 in Canadian rugby union
1987 in Tongan sport
1987–88 in Welsh rugby union
1987–88 in Irish rugby union
Joseph Francis McGrath (March 1, 1871 – April 12, 1950) was an Irish-born American prelate of the Catholic Church. They served as Bishop of Baker City from 1919 until their death in 1950.
Biography
Early life and education
Joseph McGrath was born on March 1, 1871 in Kilmacow, County Kilkenny, to James and Margaret (née O'Farrell) McGrath. They were confirmed by Francis Moran, then Bishop of Ossory and later the cardinal archbishop of Sydney. After completing their classical education, they studied philosophy at St Kieran's College, Kilkenny.
McGrath was sponsored to study for the priesthood for the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts by Bishop Patrick Thomas O'Reilly, who sent McGrath to complete their theological studies at the Grand Séminaire in Montreal.
Priesthood
While in Montreal, McGrath was ordained a priest on December 21, 1895 by Archbishop Édouard-Charles Fabre. Following their ordination, they served as assistant pastor at St. Thomas Church in Adams. However, by 1900, the Diocese of Springfield had more priests than parishes, with 224 priests but only 111 parishes. McGrath was loaned to the Diocese of Portland, Maine, where they were made an assistant at St. Joseph Church in Old Town and did missionary work among Native Americans on the Penobscot Indian Island Reservation.
Facing poor health, McGrath sought a warmer climate and spent a few months in San Antonio, Texas. A visit to the Pacific Northwest brought them into contact with Bishop Edward John O'Dea, who needed more English-speaking priests in the Diocese of Seattle and appointed McGrath as an assistant at St. James Cathedral in 1904.
After two years at the cathedral, McGrath became pastor of St. Patrick Church, Tacoma, in January 1906. A fire had destroyed the church the year before McGrath's appointment, and they immediately began construction on a new church. The cornerstone was laid in March 1906 and the building was dedicated in June 1907. In addition to their pastoral duties, McGrath was named a diocesan consultor in 1910 and dean of the counties of Pierce, Thurston, and Grays Harbor in 1915.
Bishop of Baker City
In July 1918, Rev. Terrence G. Brady, the vicar general of the Archdiocese of Dubuque and rector of St. Raphael Cathedral, was named the next Bishop of Baker City, Oregon, to succeed Bishop Charles Joseph O'Reilly. However, Brady declined the appointment and Pope Benedict XV instead named McGrath as bishop on December 21, 1918, the twenty-third anniversary of their priestly ordination.
McGrath received their episcopal consecration on March 25, 1919 from Bishop O'Dea, with Bishops Mathias Clement Lenihan and John Patrick Carroll serving as co-consecrators, at St. James Cathedral in Seattle. They took formal charge of the Diocese of Baker City on April 1, 1919, when they were installed at St. Francis de Sales Cathedral.
During McGrath's 31-year tenure in Baker City, the Catholic population increased from 6,755 to 14,729 and the number of priests increased from 26 to 39; however, the total number of churches (including parishes and missions) fell from 54 to 50. With only one parochial school in the entire diocese at the beginning of their tenure, McGrath mandated that the Confraternity of Christian Doctrine be established in every parish and mission.
In 1948, the 77-year-old McGrath received Leo Fabian Fahey as a coadjutor bishop to assist and eventually succeed him. However, before they could replace McGrath, Fahey fell ill and died on March 31, 1950. Less than two weeks later, McGrath themselves died on April 12, 1950.
References
1871 births
1950 deaths
People from County Kilkenny
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
Roman Catholic bishops of Baker
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the United States
RFN or Rfn may refer to:
Rainforest Foundation Norway
Rifleman
Russian Federation Navy
FMN riboswitch (also known as RFN element)
The UT Arlington Mavericks softball team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of the University of Texas at Arlington in Arlington, Texas, United States. The team will be a member Western Athletic Conference in 2023, which is part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I. The team plays its home games at Allan Saxe Field in Arlington, Texas.
History
UTA began playing intercollegiate softball in time for the fall 1973 season, under Coach Jody Conradt, who was also the volleyball and basketball coach. In their first season as members of the AIAW, UTA went 11–6 and finished 5th in the AIAW State Tournament. The Mavericks would play in the AIAW until joining the NCAA for the 1981–82 athletic season. During that time, UTA won two AIAW State titles and advanced to the AIAW Women's College World Series each time (1976 and 1977). The highest finish was an eighth-place finish in the Spring of 1976, when they went 2–2.
Shortly after UTA joined the NCAA, they began play in the Southland Conference and won regular season conference championships in 1983, 1986, 1989, 2003 and 2007, while finishing as runners-up in 1985, 1987, 1988, 1990, 1993, 2008 and 2011. UTA has not had the same success in the conference tournament, where they have compiled a record of 27–39. Their only tournament championship came in 2003, while they have finished as the tournament runners-up in 1983, 1987 and 2006.
The watershed moment for the Mavericks program came in the 2003 NCAA Tournament. UTA was the 7th seed in the 8-team Gainesville Regional. UTA went 2–2, with a 1–0 win over Florida State, followed by a 2–0 win over host Florida. UTA's first loss occurred to eventual Regional champion Oklahoma, 6–2. In the following game, they were eliminated by Oregon State 2–0.
For the 2013 season, UTA played in the Western Athletic Conference. In the 2014 season, UTA began participation as members of the Sun Belt Conference.
UTA, despite leaving the Southland Conference after the 2012 season, remains tied in the conference in total all-conference selections with 108 and still leads in first team all-conference selections with 43.
Season-by-season results
See also
List of NCAA Division I softball programs
References
External links
Ira Schnapp (October 10, 1894 – July 24, 1969) was a logo designer and letterer who brought their classic and art deco design styles to DC Comics (then National Comics) beginning with the redesign of the Superman logo in 1940. They did a great deal of logo and lettering work for the company in the 1940s. Around 1949, they joined the staff as their in-house logo, cover lettering and house-ad designer and letterer, and continued in that role until about 1967.
Life and career
Early life and immigration
Schnapp was born in the small town of Sassow, then in the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. After World War II that area became part of Ukraine, and the town is now known as Sasiv. They were one of eight children, five born in Austria, three born after the family regrouped in New York City. Ira's father Max emigrated in 1895 and established themselves in a grocery business. Their oldest son Jacob followed in 1898. The rest of the family — mother Sadie, and sons Samuel, Joseph, Israel (Ira), and Moses — followed in 1900. Daughters Lena, Sara and Minnie were born in New York. The Schnapp family lived at 86 Ludlow Street in lower Manhattan, and Ira and their siblings probably attended New York's Public School #188. Ira definitely attended New York City's Stuyvesant High School, graduating in June 1913. Nothing specific is known about their art training. Ira's occupation is listed as Salesman in the New York State Census of 1915, and their family was then living in The Bronx. On September 30, 1918, they married Beatrice Schwadron. By 1920 the couple were living in their own home in The Bronx.
Architectural design, film titles, lobby cards, and pulp magazines
Little evidence has surfaced about Schnapp's early work during and after leaving school, but late in their life they often talked about helping to design the very large carved inscriptions on the façade of the James A. Farley Post Office Building on Manhattan's Eighth Avenue between 31st and 33rd Streets, constructed from 1908 to 1912. They were probably part of a design team working for the architects McKim, Mead and White. Their role was making huge full-size tissue layouts of the letters, which are in the style of Rome's Trajan's Column, as drawn on the architectural plans by the architects. The tissues served as a guide for the stonecutters carving the letters on marble blocks. Schnapp later showed some of these tissue layouts to artist Neal Adams. They may have done similar work for inscriptions on other monumental buildings of the time like the New York Public Library Main Branch at Fifth Avenue and 42nd Street. How Schnapp became involved in this high-profile design job is unknown.
By 1917, Schnapp was doing lettering for the W.T. Slide Company of 115 East 23rd Street in Manhattan, according to their World War I draft card. This work was probably used as title and/or intertitle cards in silent films. Nothing is known of their output during the 1920s, but by the 1930s, Schnapp was doing show card lettering for movie theater lobbies, including huge displays for the premiere of King Kong at Radio City Music Hall in 1933, and many others.
Schnapp probably did all kinds of show card, print and advertising logos and lettering in the 1930s, including logos for pulp magazines being published by Harry Donenfeld and Jack Liebowitz. Schnapp was related to Liebowitz by marriage, and though there are no records of their work in the pulps, style similarities suggest they were working for the Donenfeld pulps by 1934.
The Art of the Ages
Ira and Beatrice Schnapp had two children: daughter Theresa, born in 1922, and a son, Martin, born in 1930. In the 1930 census Schnapp's occupation is given as Artist. By the early 1930s, Schnapp and their extended family and siblings had relocated to Manhattan's Upper West Side around 110th Street.
With their own family now numbering four, Schnapp looked for ways to increase their income. They began work on a project they hoped would become a syndicated newspaper feature. Called The Art of the Ages, each entry featured a famous work of art, either a painting or sculpture, reproduced in pen, ink, and textured shading, with a small portrait of the artist, and descriptive text. The only known publication of the series was in the Toledo Blade of Toledo, Ohio. Twenty-four entries were published from January 23 to July 2, 1940. No syndication information is included in any entry, and the project was not a success. The feature is the only known time Ira Schnapp received a newspaper byline.
The Superman Logo
By 1940, Donenfeld and Liebowitz, now in control of National Comics, were the dominant figures in comic book publishing. Their most popular character was Superman, who debuted in Action Comics #1 in 1938. Superman gained their own title with Superman #1 in the summer of 1939, featuring cover art and logo by Joe Shuster. Shuster redrew the logo for each subsequent issue, leading to a very inconsistent look. Schnapp was brought in to redesign the Superman logo. Their version first appeared on the cover of Superman #6, dated Sept.-Oct. 1940. Based on Shuster's ideas, Schnapp gave the logo professional polish and correct perspective, greatly improving it. It was used on all Superman merchandise thereafter until another redesign in 1983, a very long run of 43 years. Schnapp is often credited with designing the Action Comics logo in 1938, but they later told a young fan, Michael Uslan (now a comics professional and movie producer) that the Superman logo redesign was their first work for the company. The designer of the original Action Comics logo remains unknown.
DC Comics freelance work
The Superman logo redesign began a relationship with DC Comics that lasted the rest of Schnapp's working life. Their son Martin remembers them often working on lettering for interior pages at home, beginning in the early 1940s. By 1946, many stories lettered by Schnapp can be found, especially on the company's humor titles, though they worked on all kinds of stories, including those with superheroes. Schnapp also created more logos for DC, including most of their new titles from 1947 on, such as radio show-based titles like A Date With Judy, Gang Busters, and Mr. District Attorney. Perhaps their best-known logo from this period debuted on the first issue of Superboy, dated March–April 1949.
DC Comics staff position
Around 1949, Schnapp took a staff position at National (DC) Comics, working in their production department at 480 Lexington Avenue every day. Schnapp may have been the company's first staff letterer. Their main task was to produce nearly all the logos, cover lettering and in-house advertising, as well as lettering story pages when they had time. By doing so, Schnapp set the style for the entire company, producing a huge amount of work that caught the imagination of readers and kept them coming back for more. Dozens of logos for books like The Flash, Justice League of America, Green Lantern, The Atom, Hawkman, and Metal Men brought Schnapp's classic and art deco styles to the newsstand. Their cover lettering and house ads were full of excitement, encouraging children to buy the comics. Despite the great volume of work they were doing, Schnapp did not receive credit, except on two issues of The Inferior Five in 1967, near the end of their career. While readers loved their work, its creator remained unknown.
DC house ads
Beginning around 1950, Schnapp designed and hand-lettered hundreds of DC house ads. These ads ran across the entire line, with text by editors like Mort Weisinger and Julius Schwartz. Fans were intrigued by Schnapp's titles, such as "Coming Super-Attractions!" for the Superman titles, "Just Imagine!" for Justice League of America, and "Just One Second!" for The Flash. Schnapp may not have written those words, but their lettering made them exciting.
Lettering
Schnapp lettered comics stories of every kind for DC Comics beginning in the early 1940s, including humor, funny animals, romance, western, characters licensed from movies and TV shows, and super-heroes. They also produced lettering for the Superman and Batman comic strips. Despite their brilliance as a logo and title designer, in the words of comics historian Kirk Kimball, "Schnapp's word-balloon lettering was ... surprisingly pedestrian." By comparison, their balloon lettering for covers was more polished and precise, but still often sedate. Pop artist Roy Lichtenstein used the splash page of a romance story lettered by Schnapp in Secret Hearts #83 (November 1962) as the basis for one of Lichtenstein's most iconic works. Lichtenstein slightly reworked the art and dialogue, and re-lettered Schnapp's original word balloon. Drowning Girl (1963) is now part of the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art, New York.
Comics Code Authority seal
In 1955, with changes brought about by Dr. Fredric Wertham and the adoption of the Comics Code, Schnapp designed the Comics Code Authority seal, which became a fixture on comic book covers for over forty years.
Retirement and Death
In 1966-67, Carmine Infantino was appointed as DC's art director, and then editorial director. In a major shake-up, Infantino transitioned to Gaspar Saladino as the new main logo and house-ad designer and cover letterer for the entire line of comics. Long-time DC writer Marv Wolfman recalled that "DC kept Ira employed doing miscellaneous things around the production department because ... management felt they owed them for all their great work." Schnapp was retired by the company in 1968. Artist Neal Adams, who had befriended Schnapp when they started working at DC around 1967, said it meant Schnapp was being sent home to die. Gaspar Saladino, who had begun working on staff at DC in 1949, not long after Schnapp, called Schnapp "Mr. DC," and said "It was sad that when they left it was as though he'd never been there at all."
Schnapp's son Marty remembers their father dying suddenly of a heart attack on July 24, 1969. They died at St. Luke's Hospital on 113th Street, New York, not far from their long-time home. A brief New York Times obituary ran on July 26, 1969. There was no mention of their death at age 74 by DC Comics, and it seems to have gone unnoticed in the comics world. Schnapp's wife Beatrice died in 1977, and their daughter Theresa (Teddy) died in 2009. As of 2015, their son Marty was alive and working in New York City.
Several members of Ira Schnapp's family and extended family were also involved in the comics business. Their brother Solomon who married Faye Liebowitz, the sister of Jack Liebowitz, the co-owner of National (DC) Comics. One of their sons was Jay (Schnapp) Emmett, who began as a National employee and worked their way up to President of Warner Communications. Solomon and Faye's daughter Carol married Irwin Donenfeld, son of the other owner of National Comics, Harry Donenfeld. Schnapp was more closely related to Fred Iger, head of the American Comics Group. Iger was the son of Schnapp's sister Lee, making them Schnapp's nephew.
Quotes
Mark Evanier, on the Superman logo:
Kirk Kimball of Dial B for Blog:
Exhibitions
In 2015, the Type Directors Club of New York City hosted a retrospective exhibition of Schnapp's work, "The Super Type of Ira Schnapp", curated by Arlen Schumer.
Notes
References
Evanier, Mark (October 5, 2006). "Living La Vida Logo". News From Me
Klein, Todd (September 3, 2016). "Ira Schnapp story lettering, a sampler" Kleinletters.com
External links
"Oh, SCHNAPP! The Greatest Hits of DC's IRA SCHNAPP," by Arlen Schumer (Apr. 15, 2015)
"Oh, SCHNAPP! Part 2: Ira's Sweet 16 Logos," by Arlen Schumer (Apr. 21, 2015)
"OH, SCHNAPP! Part 3: DC Comics House Ads as Artform," by Arlen Schumer (Apr. 29, 2015)
"OH, SCHNAPP! Part 4: Batmania and Go-Go Checks!" by Arlen Schumer (May 6, 2015)
"OH, SCHNAPP! Part 5: The SUPER-est Logo of Them All!," by Arlen Schumer (May 11, 2015)
Comic book letterers
American graphic designers
Austro-Hungarian emigrants to the United States
Jews from Galicia (Eastern Europe)
Golden Age comics creators
Artists from the Bronx
1969 deaths
1894 births
Lee County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2010 census, the population was 7,719. Its county seat is Beattyville. The county was formed in 1870 from parts of Breathitt, Estill, Owsley and Wolfe counties. The county was named for Lee County, Virginia, which was named after Robert E. Lee's father and is from where many of its early residents emigrated. The area of Kentucky where Lee County is located was a pro-union region of Kentucky but the legislature that created the county was controlled by former Confederates.
The town of Proctor, named for the Rev. Joseph Proctor, was the first county seat. The first court was held on April 25, 1870, in the old Howerton House. The local economy at the time included coal mining, salt gathering, timber operations, and various commercial operations. It had a U.S. post office from 1843 until 1918.
The county seat, Beattyville, was first known as Taylor's Landing, as it was a ferry landing on the Kentucky River. It was renamed to Beatty in 1850 after early settler Samuel Beatty. The town incorporated in 1872 as Beattyville and was chosen as the new county seat due to its location on the river, which aided transportation and trade.
Although Lee County had taverns in the 19th century, it was a prohibition or dry county until 2019 when the county voted to go wet. The City of Beattyville and Lee County Fiscal Court established alcoholic sale rules for their jurisdictions including prohibiting sales of alcohol on Sunday.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.1%) is water.
Eastern Kentucky Coal Field
Lee County lies within the Eastern Coal Field region of Kentucky. The very rugged terrain essentially defines the area. Roughly half of the county lies within the Daniel Boone National Forest. Timber and coal remain economically significant, as do oil and gas. Harmful effects from unregulated strip mining and clear-cut logging practices are still being corrected. The proliferation of kudzu, an invasive vine that migrated from the South, has proved difficult to address. However, the growing environmental movement and the developing tourism industry have created energy to take more action to control this pest.
Adjacent counties
Powell County (north)
Wolfe County (northeast)
Breathitt County (southeast)
Owsley County (south)
Jackson County (southwest)
Estill County (northwest)
National protected area
Daniel Boone National Forest (part)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 7,916 people, 2,985 households, and 2,122 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 3,321 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.10% White, 3.79% Black or African American, 0.28% Native American, 0.10% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.06% from other races, and 0.66% from two or more races. 0.37% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,985 households, out of which 32.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.80% were married couples living together, 12.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.90% were non-families. 26.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.91.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.70% under the age of 18, 9.00% from 18 to 24, 30.30% from 25 to 44, 23.60% from 45 to 64, and 14.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 109.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $18,544, and the median income for a family was $24,918. Males had a median income of $25,930 versus $19,038 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,325. About 25.20% of families and 30.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 41.00% of those under age 18 and 22.90% of those age 65 or over.
Life expectancy
Of 3,142 counties in the United States in 2013, Lee County ranked #3,111 for the life expectancy of males and 2,989 for longevity of females. Males in Lee County lived an average of 68.5 years and females lived an average of 76.7 years compared to the national average for life expectancy of 76.5 for males and 81.2 for females. Moreover, the average life expectancy in Lee Country was stable for males and declined by 1.5 years for females between 1985 and 2013, compared to a national average for the same period of an increased life span of 5.5 years for men and 3.1 years for women. High rates of smoking and obesity, and a low level of physical activity appear to be contributing factors to the low life expectancy for both sexes.
Politics
Economy
Lee County, Kentucky is often listed as one of the poorest counties in the United States. In 2014, 35 percent of its population lived in poverty and the median family income was $23,968 compared to 14.8 percent poor and a $53,482 median family income for the United States as a whole.
Communities
City
Beattyville (county seat)
Unincorporated communities
Airedale
Athol
Bear Track
Belle Point
Canyon Falls
Congleton
Cressmont
Crystal
Delvinta
Earnestville
Enoch
Evelyn
Fillmore
Fincastle
Fixer
Greeley
Heidelberg
Idamay
Leeco
Lower Buffalo
Maloney
Monica
Mount Olive
Old Landing
Primrose
Proctor
Saint Helens
Standing Rock
Tallega
White Ash
Williba
Willow Shoals
Yellow Rock
Zacharia
Zoe
See also
List of memorials to Robert E. Lee
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lee County, Kentucky
References
1870 establishments in Kentucky
Counties of Appalachia
Kentucky counties
Populated places established in 1870
The lesser maple leaf blotch miner (Phyllonorycter lucidicostella) is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Ontario and Québec in Canada and Alabama, Connecticut, Illinois, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, Maine, Michigan, New York, Vermont and North Carolina in the United States.
The wingspan is about 6.5 mm.
The larvae feed on Acer species, including Acer floridanum and Acer saccharinum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the underside the leaf. The frass is collected into a ball within the mine. The pupa is suspended in a web of silk within the mine.
References
External links
Bug Guide
Phyllonorycter at microleps.org
lucidicostella
Leaf miners
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1859
Kathy Pezdek is Professor and Associate Dean of the School of Behavioral and Organizational Sciences (SBOS), Claremont Graduate University in Claremont, California. Dr. Pezdek is a cognitive psychologist specializing in the study of eyewitness memory. They frequently serve as an expert witness in the area of eyewitness identification and has testified on this topic in Federal, State and Superior Court cases. Them extensive research has focused on a range of topics related to Law and Psychology that apply to both adults and children. These topics include face memory, false memory, suggestibility of memory, lineup techniques, and detecting deception. Kathy Pezdek is a Fellow of the American Psychological Society, has served as Editor of Applied Cognitive Psychology and is currently on the Editorial Boards of the Journal of Applied Psychology and Legal and Criminological Psychology.
Education
Dr. Pezdek received their B.S. in psychology from the University of Virginia, Fredericksburg, and their M.A. and Ph.D. in psychology from the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
Bibliography
Recent Pezdek publications include:
Pezdek, K., Sperry, K., & Owens, S.M. (in press). Interviewing Witnesses: The Effect of Forced Confabulation on Event Memory. Law & Human Behavior.
Pezdek, K., Blandon-Gitlin, I., Lam, S., Hart, R.E. & Schooler, J. (in press). Knows believing?: The role of event plausibility and background knowledge in planting false beliefs about the personal past. Memory & Cognition.
Pezdek, K. & Blandon-Gitlin, I. (in press). When is an intervening lineup most likely to affect eyewitness identification accuracy? Legal and Criminological Psychology.
Blandon-Gitlin, I., Pezdek, K, Rogers, M. & Brodie, L. (in press). Detecting deception in children: An experimental study of the effect of event familiarity on CBCA ratings, Law & Human Behavior.
Pezdek, K. (2007). It's Just Not Good Science. Consciousness and Cognition, 16, 29–30.
Pezdek, K. & Lam, S. (2007). What research paradigms have cognitive psychologists used to study "false memory," and what are the implications of these choices? Consciousness and Cognition, 16, 2-17.
Pezdek, K., Blandon-Gitlin, I. & Gabbay, P. (2006). Imagination and Memory: Does Imagining Implausible Events Lead to False Autobiographical Memories? Psychonomic Bulletin & Review 13 (5), 764–769.
Costanzo, M., Krauss, D., & Pezdek, K. (Eds.) (2006). Expert Psychological Testimony for the Courts. Mahwah, NJ: Erlbaum.
Donaldson, S., Berger, D. & Pezdek, K. (Eds.). (2006). Applied Psychology: New Frontiers and Rewarding Careers. Mahwah, NJ: Erlbaum.
References
External links
Faculty page at Claremont Graduate University
American women psychologists
Forensic psychologists
University of Massachusetts Amherst College of Natural Sciences alumni
Claremont Graduate University faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American women academics
21st-century American women
Mauritania sent a delegation to compete at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia from 15 September to 1 October 2000. This was the African nation's fifth time competing at the Summer Olympic Games. The Mauritanian delegation consisted of two track and field athletes, Sidi Mohamed Ould Bidjel and Fatou Dieng. Neither advanced beyond the first round of their respective events.
Background
The Comité National Olympique et Sportif Mauritanien (The National Olympic Committee (NOC) of Mauritania) was recognised by the International Olympic Committee on 1 January 1979. Mauritania made their Olympic debut at the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics, and have sent a delegation to every Summer Olympic Games since; they have yet to make their first appearance at the Winter Olympic Games. These Sydney Olympics were the nation's fifth appearance at a Summer Olympiad. The 2000 Summer Olympics were held from 15 September to 1 October 2000; a total of 10,651 athletes represented 199 NOCs. The Mauritanian delegation consisted of two track and field athletes, Sidi Mohamed Ould Bidjel and Fatou Dieng. Ould Bidjel was selected as the flag-bearer for the opening ceremony.
Athletics
Fatou Dieng was 16 years old at the time of the Sydney Olympics, and was making their only Olympic appearance. They were the first female competitor ever sent to the Olympics by Mauritania. On 23 September, they took part in the first round of the women's 100 metres, and was drawn into heat seven. They finished the race in 13.69 seconds, ninth and last in their heat, and over two seconds behind the heat's winner, Chandra Sturrup of the Bahamas. In the event overall, the gold medal is vacant due to original gold medalist Marion Jones of the United States admitting to steroid use and forfeiting their medals and results from the Sydney Games. Officially, the medals in the event are held by Ekaterini Thanou of Greece and Tayna Lawrence (the original bronze medalist) of Jamaica sharing silver, and Merlene Ottey, also of Jamaica, the original fourth-place finisher, being awarded a bronze. Gold was left vacant because Thanou, the original silver medalist, had their own issue with missing a drug test at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Sidi Mohamed Ould Bidjel was 18 years old at the time of these Games, and was likewise making their only Olympic appearance. On 25 September, they participated in the first round of the men's 1500 metres, and was assigned the third heat. They finished their race in a time of 4 minutes and 3.74 seconds, 14th and last in their heat, and they were eliminated. The gold medal was eventually won in Olympic-record time of 3 minutes and 32.07 seconds by Noah Ngeny of Kenya, the silver medal was earned by Hicham El Guerrouj of Morocco, and the bronze medal was taken by fellow Kenyan Bernard Lagat.
See also
Mauritania at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
References
Nations at the 2000 Summer Olympics
2000
2000 in Mauritanian sport
The black-chested fruiteater (Pipreola lubomirskii) is a species of bird in the family Cotingidae found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru, mostly on the eastern side of the Andes. Its natural habitat is subtropical and tropical moist montane forests and the IUCN lists its status as being of "least concern".
Description
Fruiteaters are stocky birds with short tails and short tarsi (lower legs). The black-chested fruiteater is a medium-size fruiteater with a length of . The male has a black head, throat and upper breast. The upper parts of the body are bright green and the underparts yellowish-green with mottling on the flanks. The female lacks the black head region and has a bright green back, throat and cheat and underparts streaked with yellow and green. The iris is yellow in both sexes, the beak pinkish-orange and the legs greenish-grey. This species could be confused with the green-and-black fruiteater (Pipreola riefferii), but the latter species has pale barring on the tertial wing feathers, and a yellow border to the black chest in the male. The song is a faint, high-pitched ascending whistle "tseeeeeeweee", and there are further short, rising and falling, whistling calls.
Distribution and habitat
The black-chested fruiteater is native to the Andean region of South America. Its range extends on the eastern side of the Andes from southern Colombia, through Ecuador, to northern Peru; it is found in montane forests and its altitudinal range is . It also occurs as separate populations locally on the western side of the Andes at Cajamarca and in the south of Marañón Province.
Status
Though somewhat uncommon and with a rather restricted range, the population of the black-chested fruiteater seems stable and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated it as being a "least-concern species".
References
black-chested fruiteater
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
black-chested fruiteater
black-chested fruiteater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Carenum striatopunctatum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1865.
References
striatopunctatum
Beetles described in 1865
Helleborus orientalis, the Lenten rose, is a perennial flowering plant and species of hellebore in the buttercup family, Ranunculaceae, native to Greece and Turkey.
Description
This perennial reaches tall, with glossy green palmate leaves composed of 7–9 leaflets with serrated leaf margins. Leathery in texture, the leaves are evergreen. The cup-shaped pendent flowers appear in late winter and spring, arising in groups of 1–4 on the ends of thick stems rising above the foliage. They have yellow stamens. All parts of the Lenten rose are poisonous. Sap coming into contact with the skin may cause temporary irritation, while ingestion of large quantities can cause burning of mouth and throat, vomiting, abdominal cramping, and diarrhea.
Taxonomy
Jean-Baptiste Lamarck described the species in 1789, giving it its current name of Helleborus orientalis (""). Within the genus Helleborus, it has been classified in the section Helleborastrum, and is closely related to the other eight species in the section. These species are all highly variable and hybridise with each other freely.
The Latin species name orientalis means "eastern". The common name "Lenten" refers to the period of Lent.
Cultivation
The Lenten rose is suited to shaded or part-shaded positions, in soil rich in humus. Cultivated varieties have a wide array of colours. It is hardy in USDA hardiness zones 4–9 (down to ). German planters began breeding H. orientalis in the mid-19th century, enhanced by new material from the Caucasus via St Petersburg Botanic Garden. New varieties were soon introduced to the United Kingdom. Interest peaked in the late 19th century, but the genus had fallen out of favour by the 1920s. The Lenten rose was revived in horticulture in the 1960s by Helen Ballard, who bred many new varieties. Cultivated varieties can have white, green, pink to maroon and purple or spotted flowers.
References
External links
orientalis
Plants described in 1789
Flora of Greece
Flora of Georgia (country)
Taxa named by Jean-Baptiste Lamarck
The men's 50 metre freestyle S3 event at the 2008 Paralympic Games took place on September 7, at the Beijing National Aquatics Center.
Two heats were held, with eleven swimmers in total. The swimmers with the eight fastest times advanced to the final; there, they all competed in a single final heat to earn final placements.
Heats
Heat 1
Heat 2
Final
External links
Heats and Final Results – Men's 50 Meter Freestyle S3
Swimming at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Alison Ruth Sharrock (born 4 January 1963) is an English Classics scholar. They have been Professor of Classics at the University of Manchester since August 2000. In 2009, they gave the Stanford Memorial Lectures. Together with David Konstan of Brown University, they edit the series Oxford Studies in Classical Literature and Gender Theory published by Oxford University Press.
Career
Alison Sharrock graduated in 1984 from the University of Liverpool with a Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree. They received their doctorate (PhD) from the University of Cambridge in 1988. They worked at Keele University from 1989 to 2000. In their current post as Professor of Classics at the University of Manchester, they are Head of the Division of Archaeology, Religions and Theology, Classics and Ancient History (ARC) in the School of Arts, Languages and Cultures. They specialise in Latin literature, particularly in feminist readings of comedy, elegy and epic. They also develop online support materials for teachers and learners of the Latin language.
Selected publications
Books as single author
Reading Roman Comedy: Poetics and Playfulness in Plautus and Terence (The Stanford Memorial Lectures, 2009);
Fifty Key Classical Authors (Routledge Key Guides) (with Rhiannon Ash, 2001);
Seduction and Repetition in Ovid's Ars Amatoria II (1994);
Books as editor
Lucretius: Poetry, Philosophy, Science (with Daryn Lehoux and A D Morrison, 2013);
The Art of Love: Bimillenial Essays on Ovid's Ars Amatoria and Remedia Amoris (with Roy K Gibson and Steven J Green, 2007);
Intratextuality: Greek and Roman Textual Relations (with Helen Morales, 2001);
Contributions to books
'Gender and sexuality' in Cambridge Companion to Ovid (ed. Philip Hardie, 2002);
'Looking at looking: can you resist a reading?' in The Roman Gaze: Vision, Power, and the Body (ed. David Fredrick, 2002);
'Re(ge)ndering gender(ed) studies' in Gender and the Body in the Ancient Mediterranean, Gender and History (ed Maria Wyke, 1998);
'Warrior women in Roman epic' in Women and War in Antiquity (ed. Jacqueline Fabre-Serris and Alison Keith, 2015);
'Channeled, Reformulated, and Controlled: Love Poetry from the Song of Songs to Aeneas and Dido' in 'Love and its Critics: From the Song of Songs to Shakespeare and Milton's Eden' (ed. Michael Bryson and Arpi Movsesian, 2017);
Articles
'Womanufacture', Journal of Roman Studies 81, 1991, pp. 36–49.
'Ovid and the politics of reading', Materiali e discussioni per l'analisi dei testi classici 33, 1994, pp. 97–122.
'Genre and social class, or comedy and the rhetoric of self-aggrandisement' in Roman Drama and its Contexts (ed. Stavros Frangoulides, Stephen J Harrison and Gesine Manuwald, 2016);
Miscellaneous
Obituary of Don Fowler in The Guardian, 1999
Notes
External links
Alison Sharrock's page at the University of Manchester
Alison Sharrock's presentation 'Online Training for Reading Latin'
1963 births
Living people
English classical scholars
Women classical scholars
Academics of the University of Manchester
Gila City is a ghost town in Yuma County in the U.S. state of Arizona. The town was settled in 1858 in what was then the New Mexico Territory.
History
Gila City was founded on the south bank of the Gila River, 19 miles east of the confluence of the Gila and Colorado rivers. Also known as Ligurta, the town was established as a result of Arizona's first major gold rush, when Colonel Jacob Snively led a party of prospectors to a placer deposit along the Gila River in and around Monitor Gulch, which emerges from the Gila Mountains to the south. A booming gold camp, Gila City developed nearly overnight as prospectors rushed to the site. The Butterfield Overland Mail route passed through the boom town and one of its stations, Swivelers lay a mile to the east at the eastern edge of the placer deposits where a post office was established for Gila City on December 24, 1858.
The Gila placers were worked for eight years by thousands of miners. They worked the plateaus and canyons nearby, panning out $20 to $125 a day in gold dust, and nuggets weighing up to 22 ounces each were deposited at the Wells Fargo office in Los Angeles.
In March 1859, the Gila Mining and Transportation Company sent a cargo to Robinson's Landing, in the schooner Arno. This cargo included a steam engine to pump water to the Gila mine that lay a mile from the Gila River. Included in the cargo was a disassembled 125 foot stern-wheel steamboat, built by Henry Owens. The nameless steamboat had been sent to equip their own lower cost steamboat line, as a rival to the George A. Johnson Company, however it was lost there before it was ever unloaded. The tidal bore tore loose Arno's anchors, driving the ship on a sandbar holing and sinking it in a half-hour with the ship and cargo a total loss. Without the steam engine providing water for washing out the gold at the mine, these American miners used to the plentiful water of California's placers in the north, could not work it profitably and the town soon was mostly abandoned. Only Sonora miners familiar with dry wash techniques stayed and made it pay.
In 1859 Lieutenant Sylvester Mowry, reported about 100 men and several families working the gravels at Gila City and saw more than $20 washed from 8 shovelfuls of dirt. Some miners were paid $3 a day plus board to work lower grade deposits. Most of the gold was recovered by first drywashing, then by wetwashing the dry-panned concentrates at the Gila River.
Flooding of the Gila River in the Great Flood of 1862 destroyed the remnants of the town, and the post office was discontinued on July 14, 1863. Most of the population had already moved on to the new gold rush at La Paz. The best of the placers continued to be worked on a reduced scale until 1865, all the known productive ground was worked over at least once since then. A few large-scale operations were later attempted over the years, but these were unsuccessful.
Today
All trace of the town is gone, but small-scale mining continues today. The area of gold-bearing gravel extends from 1/4 mile east of Dome to 3 miles west of Dome, but most placer mining was centered on Monitor Gulch, miles west of Dome. Most of the gold in the gravels was found at or near bedrock in gulches, but much gold was recovered from bench gravels in the area.
References
External links
Ghosttowns.com, Yuma County, Gila City
Dome District (Gila City District), Gila Mts, Yuma Co., Arizona, USA
"A Look At Historic Gila City Arizona And Its Sad Fate", The Arizona Prospector
Arizona Pioneer & Cemetery Research Project, Internet Presentation, Version 050710, Dome Cemetery and Gila City – Dome, Yuma County, Arizona, By Kathy and Ed Block, APCRP Historians
New Mexico Territory
Gila City, Arizona
Butterfield Overland Mail in New Mexico Territory
Former populated places in Yuma County, Arizona
1858 establishments in New Mexico Territory
Stagecoach stops in the United States
Samuel Fagemo (born 14 March 2000) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player currently playing with the Ontario Reign in the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect under contract with the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League (NHL). They were selected by the Kings in the second round, 50th overall, of the 2019 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career
During their Under 15 season, Fagemo won a silver medal at the TV-pucken, a Swedish national ice hockey tournament.
The following season, Fagemo was called up Frölunda HC J20 where they scored in their debut on 22 October 2016, to help Frölunda beat Rögle BK 4–2. However, during the 2016–17 season Fagemo incurred a wrist injury as a result of an accidental collision with a teammate. They were forced to miss five months to recover.
Fagemo made their Swedish Hockey League (SHL) debut in 2017, playing two games with Frölunda HC in the 2017–18 season.
Although Fagemo went undrafted into the National Hockey League, they were invited to the Arizona Coyotes development camp prior to the 2018–19 season as a free agent. While attending their development camp, Fagemo was drafted by the Halifax Mooseheads of the Canadian Hockey League (CHL) in the 2018 CHL Import Draft. They became the first Swedish player since 1994 to be drafted by the Mooseheads.
During the 2018–19 season, Fagemo scored their first SHL goal on 13 October 2018 against Färjestad BK. During the 2018–19 Champions Hockey League, Fagemo scored a hat trick in a 6–0 win over the Aalborg Pirates. In 42 regular season games, Fagemo registered 14 goals and 25 points. They finished their rookie season, leading all first-year players with 6 playoff goals and tied for the rookie lead in points during the postseason with 10 to help Frölunda HC win the Le Mat Trophy.
On 21 June 2019, Fagemo was selected by the Los Angeles Kings in the second round, 50th overall, in the 2019 NHL Entry Draft. After attending the Kings development camp, on 11 July 2019, Fagemo was signed to a three-year, entry-level contract with Los Angeles.
International play
Fagemo was selected for Team Sweden to compete at the 2016 World U-17 Hockey Challenge. There they scored seven points in six games to be named to the U17 WHC All-Star Team, and win a gold medal.
Fagemo then participated in the 2017 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament and 2018 IIHF World U18 Championships where they helped Sweden win a bronze medal in both tournaments.
On 26 December 2018, Fagemo was selected for Team Sweden's 2019 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships roster.
Personal life
Fagemo's father is former professional SHL player Linus Fagemo.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honours
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Frölunda HC players
Los Angeles Kings draft picks
Los Angeles Kings players
Ontario Reign (AHL) players
Södertälje SK players
Ice hockey people from Gothenburg
Swedish ice hockey right wingers
The 1934 Colorado gubernatorial election was held on November 6, 1934. Incumbent Democrat Edwin C. Johnson defeated Republican nominee Nathan C. Warren with 58.11% of the vote.
Primary elections
Primary elections were held on September 11, 1934.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Edwin C. Johnson, incumbent Governor
Josephine Roche, former Chair of the Colorado Progressive Party
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Nathan C. Warren, State Senator
Results
General election
Candidates
Major party candidates
Edwin C. Johnson, Democratic
Nathan C. Warren, Republican
Other candidates
Paul S. McCormick, Socialist
Paul W. Hipp, Prohibition
P. C. Feste, Communist
Results
References
1934
Colorado
Gubernatorial
Isleria is a genus of insectivorous birds in the antbird family, Thamnophilidae.
Species
The genus contains two species:
These species were formerly placed in the genus Myrmotherula. A molecular genetic study published in 2012 found that Myrmotherula was not monophyletic. As a step in creating monophyletic genera, these two species were moved to the newly erected genus Isleria. The name of the genus was chosen to honour the American ornithologists Morton and Phyllis Isler.
References
External links
Bird genera
The Centre de Coordination de la Lutte Anti-drogue en Méditerranée or Mediterranean area anti-drug enforcement coordination centre (CeCLAD-M) is an international anti drug trafficking agency based in Toulon (France) set up in 2008 to coordinate anti-drug trafficking operations and intelligence in the Mediterranean. It is closely modeled on the Maritime Analysis and Operations Centre – Narcotics (MAOC-N) based in Lisbon.
Members
Set up on 1 December 2008, and headquartered in the French Navy base at Toulon it hosts liaison officers from six Mediterranean countries:
Spain
Greece
Italy
Morocco
Portugal
France
In addition four other countries have made public their intention to participate as observers:
UK
Cyprus
Malta
Senegal
Mission
The Centre aims to combat maritime and air drug trafficking activities through better intelligence coordination. The main tasks of the centre are:
Contribute to better information exchange between the signatories
Act as central repository and to analyse the information provided by the signatories
Relay all useful information to the relevant forces in the signatory countries to enable effective identification, and interception of ships and planes transiting the Mediterranean
Support the forces concerned in decision making
Results
Since its inception the centre has coordinated the surveillance of 23 ships and seizures of 3 tonnes of Cannibis from ships involved in trafficking.
References
See also
Maritime Analysis and Operations Centre
Law enforcement in Europe
Law enforcement agencies of France
Rainald of Urslingen was the son of Conrad of Urslingen and Duke of Spoleto from 1223 to 1230.
Rainald was initially appointed by the Papacy to oppose Dipold, Count of Acerra, and in 1228 they were granted sweeping powers, which they did not hesitate to use, as imperial vicar in the March of Ancona. In that year, they invaded the March and granted privileges to Osimo, San Ginesio, Ripatransone, and Recanati. This action sparked the War of the Keys.
Sources
Jordan, E. Les origines de la domination Angevine en Italie. Paris, 1909.
Dukes of Spoleto
Court of Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor
12th-century births
1230 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Tor kulkarnii (common name: dwarf mahseer) is a species of cyprinid of the genus Tor. It inhabits mountain streams in India and has a maximum length among unsexed males of . It is classified as "data deficient" on the IUCN Red List and is considered harmless to humans.
References
Cyprinidae
Cyprinid fish of Asia
Freshwater fish of India
Fish described in 1992
IUCN Red List data deficient species
Halfbreed is the debut album by the Keef Hartley Band. The band was formed when Keef Hartley left John Mayall's band after touring and playing on seven albums (some issued later), including being the only performer besides Mayall on The Blues Alone. Half-breed includes two spoken passages featuring Mayall, as well as several notable British jazz-rock players.
It was voted number 3 in the All-Time 50 Long Forgotten Gems from Colin Larkin's All Time Top 1000 Albums.
Track listing
1969 LP
Deram SML 1037 (UK), DES 18024 (US)
"Sacked (Introducing Hearts and Flowers)" (Arranged by Keef Hartley) – 0:40
"Confusion Theme" (Hartley, Ian Cruikshank) – 1:05
"The Halfbreed" (Hartley, Peter Dines, Cruikshank) – 6:07
"Born to Die" (Dines, Hartley, Gary Thain, Fiona Hewitson) – 9:58
"Sinnin' For You" (Hartley, Dines, Hewitson, Owen Finnegan) – 5:51
"Leavin' Trunk" (Sleepy John Estes) – 5:55
"Just to Cry" (Henry Lowther, Finnegan) – 6:20
"Too Much Thinking" (Finnegan, Dines, Thain) – 5:30
"Think it Over" (B.B. King) – 4:59
"Too Much to Take (Speech)" – 0:32
1995 CD reissue
One Way Records OW 30332
"Sacked (Introducing Hearts and Flowers)"
"Confusion Theme"
"Halfbreed"
"Born to Die"
"Sinnin' for you"
"Leavin' Trunk"
"Just to Cry"
"Too Much Thinking"
"Leave it 'til the Morning"
"Think it Over"
"Too Much to Take"
Personnel
The Keef Hartley Band
Miller Anderson – vocals, guitar
Peter Dines – organ, harpsichord
"Spit James" (real name: Ian Cruickshank) – guitar
Gary Thain – bass guitar
Keef Hartley – drums
Henry Lowther – trumpet, violin, brass arrangements
Harry Beckett – trumpet
Lyn Dobson – tenor saxophone, flute
Chris Mercer – tenor saxophone
John Mayall – voice on "Sacked" and "Too Much to Take"
Technical
Neil Slaven – producer
Derek Varnals – recording engineer
Adrian Martins – assistant engineer
Bob Baker – front cover photography
Richard Sacks – inside sleeve photography
References
1969 debut albums
Keef Hartley Band albums
Deram Records albums
One Way Records albums
Johan Gustav Jimmy Sjödin (born 1 December 1977) is a former Swedish diver. Born in Älvdalen, Dalarna, they competed in the men's 3 metre springboard and 10 metre platform events at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Sjödin is openly gay, and, as of 2017, is engaged to Patrick Huber.
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Divers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Gay sportsmen
LGBT divers
LGBT sportspeople from Sweden
Olympic divers of Sweden
People from Älvdalen Municipality
Swedish male divers
Sportspeople from Dalarna County
Francesca "Frankie" Owen (born 27 March 1988) is an Australian synchronized swimmer. They were selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in synchronized swimming.
Personal
Nicknamed Frankie, Owen was born on 27 March 1988 in Chester, United Kingdom. They moved to Australia with their Welsh father and English mother when they were a baby, though some members of their family continued to live in the area. They attended a primary school in Kimberley Park before going to Indooroopilly State High School. At Kimberley Park, future Olympic teammate Samantha Reid was one of their classmates. They later earned a Bachelor of Mass Communication in Marketing and Photography. , they work as a Social Photographer for b105 and Triple M radio. They also work as a model for the Brisbane-based Dallys Models. , they live in Pullenvale, Queensland
Owen is tall and weighs .
Synchronized swimming
Owen is a synchronized swimmer, and has been coached by Marina Kholod and Anna Nepotcheva since 2011.
Owen has several honors. For 1998-1999 and 1999-2000, they were awarded the 12 Years and Under Solo Champion Trophy by Queensland Synchronized Swimming. In March 2002, they were awarded the 13 14 15 Years Solo Champion Trophy by Queensland Synchronized Swimming.
In 2005-2006, they were awarded the Junior Figure Champion Trophy by Queensland Synchronized Swimming.
They retired from the sport despite being only eighteen years old at the time only to unretire later.
Owen represented Australia at the 2005 World Championship in the team event. They competed at the 2006 Oceania Championships in the Combination Team and Junior Solo events. The FINA World Championships held in Shanghai, China served as the 2012 Olympic qualifying event for the team. In the technical team portion, their team finished 18th and in the Free Team event, their team finished 17th. They were selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in synchronized swimming. The London Games were their first. They were 23 years old at the Games. They performed one of the team's solo performances in front of their extended family.
References
Living people
1988 births
English emigrants to Australia
Australian synchronised swimmers
Olympic synchronised swimmers of Australia
Synchronized swimmers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Thanaron Point () is a rock point on the east side of the end of Malorad Glacier, situated 8 nautical miles (15 km) east-northeast of Cape Roquemaurel on Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica. Named in 1838 by the French expedition under Captain Jules Dumont d'Urville after Lieutenant Charles Thanaron of the expedition ship Zelee.
Map
Trinity Peninsula. Scale 1:250000 topographic map No. 5697. Institut für Angewandte Geodäsie and British Antarctic Survey, 1996.
Headlands of Trinity Peninsula
Melanie Schliecker (born 26 January 1974) is a German former handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
German female handball players
Olympic handball players of Germany
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
People from Stade
Sportspeople from Lower Saxony
"Rock Me" is a song recorded in 1974 by Swedish pop group ABBA, with Björn Ulvaeus singing the lead vocals. It was first released on their third album, ABBA, and was used as the B-side to the group's 1975 single "I Do, I Do, I Do, I Do, I Do". However, after "I Do, I Do, I Do, I Do, I Do" hit number one in both Australia and New Zealand, "Rock Me" was released as an A-side in April 1976, reaching number four and number two respectively. It was also issued as an A-side in Yugoslavia and in 1979 it was included on the band's Greatest Hits Vol. 2 album.
ABBA performed the track on both their world tours, as seen in ABBA: The Movie (1977). The song was originally to be featured in the ABBA musical "Mamma Mia!", to be sung on a boat, as the three fathers and a deleted character (Stanley) rocked the boat from side to side.
History
"Rock Me", whose working title had been "Didn't I?", was first recorded as "Baby" (with different lyrics to the final version) on 18 October 1974 at Glen Studio. This "tongue in cheek" version, with vocals courtesy of Agnetha, was first released on CD on the 1994 box set Thank You for the Music as part of the "ABBA Undeleted" section.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Cover versions
Brendon recorded a version in 1977 as a follow-up to their hit "Gimme Some".
German eurodance group E-Rotic covered the song for their 1997 ABBA tribute album Thank You for the Music.
Australian rock band Audioscam covered the song on their 2008 album Abbattack. Samples from the album can be heard on their official MySpace page.
Studio 99 recorded a version for their Studio Perform a Tribute to ABBA, Vol. 2 album.
References
External links
ABBA For the Record
1974 songs
1976 singles
ABBA songs
Polar Music singles
Songs written by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus
The 2012 Ukrainian Cup Final was a football match that was played at the Olimpiysky NSC, Kyiv, on 6 May 2012. The match was the 21st Ukrainian Cup Final and was contested by Metalurh Donetsk and Shakhtar Donetsk. This was the first time since 2007 that the Cup final had returned to Kyiv. Since Shakhtar had qualified for the 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, Metalurh would qualify for the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League. In the draw, Metalurh was selected as the home team.
Road to Kyiv
As Ukrainian Premier League members, Shakhtar Donetsk and Metalurh Donetsk did not have to go through the qualification phase of the competition.
Previous encounters
This was the first Ukrainian Cup final between the two teams. The two teams had also met in a semi-final in 2009–10 and in the Round of 16 in 1997–98 season in which Metalurh was able to overcome Shakhtar.
Metalurh had appeared only once in a Cup final without winning any trophies and their opponents Shakhtar had appeared in 11 Cup finals, winning seven.
Television
The match was broadcast on ICTV in Ukraine.
Match
Details
Post-match
On account of Shakhtar's victory and Metalurh's defeat in the Ukrainian Cup final, and with both team finishing as "good as they could" in the 2011–12 Ukrainian Premier League, the 2012 Ukrainian Super Cup will feature Shakhtar Donetsk and Dynamo Kyiv.
See also
2011–12 Ukrainian Premier League
References
Cup Final
Ukrainian Cup finals
Ukrainian Cup Final 2012
Ukrainian Cup Final 2012
Ukrainian Cup Final 2012
May 2012 sports events in Ukraine
Sclerodoris trenberthi is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1962
Cross Currents is a 1916 American silent film starring Helen Ware.
Plot
Ware portrays a young socialite, Elizabeth Crane, who realizes their fiancé, Paul Beale, has a greater love for another woman, Flavia, and steps aside so they may marry. Later they are isolated on a deserted island and rekindle their love.
Cast
Helen Ware as Elizabeth Crane, a young socialite
Courtenay Foote as Paul Beale, Elizabeth's fiancé
Teddy Sampson as Flavia, Elizabeth's foster sister, and Paul's eventual wife
Sam De Grasse as millionnaire Sila Randolph, who wishes to marry Elizabeth
Vera Lewis as Mrs. Van de Meer
Reception
Louis Reeves Harrison of The Moving Picture World characterized the film as "admirably typed and handled," and noted Ware's performance, "The story carries them from the stilted posturing of the drawing room to the free expression of their intelligence in an extremely difficult performance."
On the other hand, Hazel Simpson Naylor of Motion Picture Magazine found the film "singularly lacking in feminine beauty."
References
External links
1916 drama films
1916 films
Silent films
Films directed by Francis J. Grandon
Gastón Orlando Magnetti (born 19 January 1985) is an Argentine-Spanish footballer who plays for AC Bellinzona as a Centre Forward in the Swiss Promotion League.
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Swiss Challenge League players
Ferro Carril Oeste footballers
AC Bellinzona players
FC Chiasso players
SC Kriens players
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Association football forwards
Joseph Francis Joy (September 13, 1883 – February 1957) was born in the small mining town of Cumberland, Maryland. Joy is known for being an inventor. They accumulated 190 patents in their lifetime.
Their major inventions were recognized as milestones in the history of underground mining mechanization. They had pioneered new concepts in hydraulics, modern control and power circuits, trackless mining equipment, efficient gearing and seal designs as well as dozens of other "firsts" in the industry. Their contributions changed forever the way minerals are mined.
Joy is also known for founding the company that bears their name: Joy Mining Machinery.
Notes
External links
Joy Mining Machinery History
Joy Manufacturing Company records (1915-1989) at Hagley Museum and Library
1883 births
1957 deaths
American mining engineers
People from Cumberland, Maryland
20th-century American inventors
Mareyopsis is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1919. It is native to western and central Africa.
Species
Mareyopsis longifolia (Pax) Pax & K.Hoffm. - Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, Equatorial Guinea, Congo-Brazzaville, Zaire
Mareyopsis oligogyna Breteler - Gabon
References
Acalypheae
Euphorbiaceae genera
Flora of West-Central Tropical Africa
Flora of Nigeria
John or Hovhan Mamikonyan (in Armenian Հովհան Մամիկոնյան) was a 7th-century Armenian noble from the Mamikonian dynasty, author of the History of Taron, which is a continuation of the account of Zenob Glak. John is not known from any source other than their History, and in the colophon self-identifies as the 35th bishop of Glak after Zenob.
External links
trans. Robert Bedrosian (1985)
English translation of the History of Taron - mirror if main site is unavailable
Mamikonian family
7th-century Armenian historians
Allan Waters (August 11, 1921 – December 3, 2005) was a Canadian business person and media icon. Waters was one of the founders of CHUM Limited, a Canadian media corporation.
Waters worked in a drug company and quit in 1954 and with partner Jerry Grafstein purchased a then money-losing station, 1050 CHUM. From this small humble station, Waters built their media empire.
Getting ideas from a visit to Florida, Waters returned to Toronto and introduced the CHUM Chart, CHUM Chicks and CHUM bugs to attract teenage listeners.
Waters expanded from radio into the television market by buying Barrie CBC affiliate CKVR in 1969, four television stations in the Maritimes in 1972 which formed the CTV-affiliated Atlantic Television System (ATV), and then Toronto's fledgling CITY in 1978. Today CHUM consists of 33 radio stations, 12 television stations and 21 specialty channels, including MuchMusic, Bravo and Space.
Waters stepped down from the board of directors on October 29, 2005. Waters' sons James Waters and Ron Waters serve on CHUM Limited's board of directors. Their son James (Jim) took over as head of CHUM from the elder Waters.
Waters died on December 3, 2005 at the age of 84.
References
External links
Allan Waters
Allan Waters Dies at 84; Founded Canadian Broadcaster CHUM
CHUM Ltd. founder Allan Waters dies
Founder of CHUM Ltd. Allan Waters, broadcast pioneer, dies in Toronto at 84
Allan Waters, 84: CHUM founder
1921 births
2005 deaths
Canadian radio company founders
Canadian television company founders
Canadian television executives
Ottawa Rough Riders owners
Businesspeople from Toronto
The Yemen Oil and Gas Corporation (YOGC), a government-owned corporation under the direction of the Ministry of Oil and Minerals of Yemen, is an oil and natural gas exploration and production company headquartered in Sana'a. It was established in 1996.
YOGC has the following subsidiaries:
Petroleum Products Distribution Company
Yemen Gas Company (YGC)
Aden Refinery Company (ARC)
Petroleum Exploration and Production Authority (PEPA)
SAFER Exploration & Production Operations Company
Yemen Investments Company for Oil and Minerals (YICOM)
Yemen Refining Company (YRC)
See also
Yemen LNG
References
External links
YOGC Corporate Website
Oil and gas companies of Yemen
National oil and gas companies
Energy companies established in 1996
A reflective crack is a type of failure in asphalt pavement, one of the most popular road surface types. Asphalt pavement is impacted by traffic and thermal loading. Due to loading, cracks can appear on pavement surface that can reduce the Pavement Condition Index (PCI) dramatically.
The pavement can be maintained by overlay. Cracks under the overlay can cause stress concentration at the bottom of the overlay. Due to the repeated stress concentration, a crack starts in the overlay that has a similar shape to the crack in the old pavement. This crack is called a "reflective crack".
Reflective cracking can be categorized as one of the distresses in asphalt pavement. It can affect the general performance and durability of the pavement. A reflective crack can also open a way for water to enter the pavement's body and increase the deterioration rate. Reflective cracks can also happen in overlays placed on joints or cracks in composite pavements such as concrete pavements. Another type of road infrastructure, dynamic inductive charging infrastructure, was found to increase the occurrence of reflective cracks in road surfaces.
See also
Asphalt concrete degradation and restoration
References
Civil engineering
Pavement engineering
KOAL (750 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a news/talk format. Licensed to Price, Utah, United States, the station is currently owned by Eastern Utah Broadcasting Co.
750 AM is a United States and Canadian clear-channel frequency.
KOAL broadcasts in the HD Radio format.
References
External links
OAL
Radio stations established in 1939
1939 establishments in Utah
Julie Carter (born 1965) was a New Zealand netball player who represented their country on 50 occasions, becoming its captain in 1992.
Netball career
Julie Carter was born on 27 November 1965. They initially played club netball for Waikato, moving to the Wellington PIC team in 1990. They were first selected for the Silver Ferns, the New Zealand national netball team, in 1986, playing their first game against Jamaica. They did not play for the national team in 1987 but became a regular between 1988 and 1993. Towards the end of their time with the Silver Ferns they were captain, leading the team to 10 wins in 11 outings. They represented their country at the 1990 Commonwealth Games, held in Auckland, New Zealand, when a demonstration match was held between Australia and New Zealand, prior to netball becoming a regular event at the Games, and at the 1991 World Netball Championships, which were held in Sydney, Australia, when New Zealand won a silver medal. Them last competitive game was in 2000, when they were playing for the Southern Sting, a club based in Invercargill in the south of the South Island of New Zealand. At the time they were living on Stewart Island off the south coast of the South Island.
Coaching
After retiring, Carter worked as a coach, including at Waimea College in Richmond on the South Island.
References
1965 births
Living people
New Zealand netball players
New Zealand international netball players
New Zealand netball coaches
1991 World Netball Championships players
Netball players at the 1993 World Games
Warwick County F.C. was an English football team that played in the Midland League in the early 1880s. They were based in Birmingham and played at
Edgbaston Cricket Ground home of Warwickshire County Cricket Club. They also staged home grounds in Warwick, the county town of ‘Warwick County' or Warwickshire as we know now for half of the 1883/84 season.
Warwick were formed in the 1880s and knocked Football League side Stoke out of the FA Cup in 1888–89. They joined the Midland League in 1889–90 season where they finished in 6th position. However Warwick were expelled from the Midland League in 1890–91 and the club disbanded.
References
Defunct football clubs in England
Defunct football clubs in Warwickshire
Association football clubs disestablished in 1891
Association football clubs established in the 19th century
Midland Football League (1889)
1891 disestablishments in England
Sittichok Paso (, born 28 January 1999) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a forward, they have also been used as a attacking midfielder for FC Ryukyu, on loan from Thai League 1 club Chonburi.
Club career
Sittichok Paso was chosen from the guardian to be 60 of the best young talents in world football in 2016 that could be the one from south-east Asia who finally debut in Europe.
Chonburi
Born in Samut Prakan province in Bangkok Metropolitan, Thailand, Sittichok became in sight of Witthaya Laohakul, a legendary football coach of Thailand, at the age of 12 from their superb form in the Prime Minister Cup, a regarded youth competition in Thailand. By the recommendation of Witthaya, who was then the technical director of Chonburi, Sittichok moved to study at a primary school in Chonburi in order to enter into the Chonburi academy. After impressive form during the loan spells with Sriracha and Phan Thong, they made their debut Thai Premier League in the second leg of season 2015 as a first-team player at the age of 16.
At early December 2016, Sittichok, together with their teammate Worachit, participated in J-League Open Trials 2016 and performed well in that trial. Their excellent performance caught the sight of Kagoshima United that offered them another trial in January 2017. By their success in this trial, Sittichok signed the loan contract from Chonburi and became a first-team member of Kagoshima United since January 24, 2017 for initially one year.
FC Ryukyu
On 19 January 2021, it was announced that Sittichok had joined club FC Ryukyu on a season-long loan deal.
International goals
Thailand U19
Thailand U23
External links
References
1999 births
Living people
Sittichok Paso
Association football forwards
Sittichok Paso
Kagoshima United FC players
Sittichok Paso
Japan Soccer League players
Thai expatriates in Japan
Sittichok Paso
Competitors at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games
Thai expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Sittichok Paso
Tangaleh () may refer to:
John Ford is an American politician who served as a member of the Oklahoma Senate between 2004 and 2016. They retired in 2016 due to term limits.
Education and Career
Ford graduated from the University of Tulsa in 1968 and worked for Phillips Petroleum Company for 34 years.
References
21st-century American politicians
Oklahoma state senators
Oklahoma Republicans
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 1958–59 Cypriot Cup was the 19th edition of the Cypriot Cup. A total of 18 clubs entered the competition. It began on 9 April 1959 with the first round and concluded on 27 June 1959 with the final which was held at GSP Stadium. Anorthosis Famagusta won their 2nd Cypriot Cup trophy after beating AEL Limassol 1–0 in the final.
First round
1AEL qualified on draw
Quarter-finals
Συμπληρωματικός αγώνας
Semi-finals
Final
Sources
Bibliography
See also
Cypriot Cup
Cypriot Cup seasons
1958–59 domestic association football cups
1958–59 in Cypriot football
The slaty-winged foliage-gleaner (Philydor fuscipenne) is a perching bird species in the ovenbird family (Furnariidae).
It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Panama. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
slaty-winged foliage-gleaner
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Panama
slaty-winged foliage-gleaner
slaty-winged foliage-gleaner
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
GlobalGiving is 501(c)(3) non-profit organization based in the United States that provides a global crowdfunding platform for grassroots charitable projects. Since 2002, more than 1.1M donors on GlobalGiving have donated move than $530 million to support more than 28,000 projects in 170 countries.
History
Before founding GlobalGiving, Mari Kuraishi and Dennis Whittle were heads of strategy and innovation at the World Bank. While in that post, they created the first-ever Innovation Marketplace for Bank staff in 1998, an internal competition in which Bank employees pitched their own ideas for fighting poverty worldwide. The winners received grants to develop their ideas.
In 2000, they took the concept and competition to the outside world. The Development Marketplace enabled any social entrepreneur to compete for Bank funds. The program was extremely successful — finalists from all over the world gathered in Washington, D.C., and $5 million was awarded to the 44 most innovative projects.
Based on the Marketplaces' success, Mari and Dennis created an Internet-based platform to facilitate a broader range of social and economic investments in developing countries. In October 2000, they left the World Bank and on February 14, 2002, GlobalGiving (formerly DevelopmentSpace) was launched.
Major funding for the launch and early stages was provided by the Omidyar Network, the Skoll Foundation, the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation, and the Sall Foundation. GlobalGiving was launched as a collaboration between the GlobalGiving Foundation and ManyFutures, Inc. In December 2008, ManyFutures became a formal subsidiary of the GlobalGiving Foundation, and all operations were placed under direct foundation management.
In September 2018, GlobalGiving announced the appointment of Alix Guerrier as Chief Executive Officer. Mari Kuraishi stepped down as President on November 1, 2018 and joined their co-founder, Dennis Whittle, on the organization's Board of Directors.
Structure
The GlobalGiving Foundation is a US-based non-profit organization that individuals and companies can donate to through the website globalgiving.org. It is supported by a network of implementing, corporate and institutional partners.
Potential donors can browse and select from a wide offering of projects that are organized by geography or by themes such as health care, the environment and education. A donor can contribute any amount using a credit/debit card, check, PayPal, Apple Pay, stock transfer, DAF, or M-Pesa. Donors can purchase gift cards which recipients can redeem in support of a project of their choosing.
GlobalGiving funds itself by retaining a 5-12% nonprofit support fee plus a 3% third-party processing fee for each donation. The nonprofit support fee covers the cost of providing support and training to nonprofits, conducting rigorous due diligence on organizations, and conducting field visits. GlobalGiving's administrative overhead is 3.0%.
Companies can also use the GlobalGiving platform to allow their employees, customers, partners, or foundation entities to donate directly to grassroots social and economic development projects around the world.
GlobalGiving as a web-based fundraising platform is fundamentally different from the World Bank Development Marketplace because it is based on social networks and real-time feedback between donors and grassroots social entrepreneurs or "project leaders." Each organization pitches one or more development projects to prospective donors on the website. The funding decision for each project is crowd-sourced to the public, rather than determined by a team of experts, as in the Development Marketplace. However, in practice, organizations that promote themselves through email and social media campaigns vastly improve their fundraising potential. Each project depends on evangelists (people who spread good news) to flourish. The funding and project update history for each project is public and acts as a form of reputation system for the organization implementing the project.
Disaster relief
In response to natural disasters and humanitarian crises, GlobalGiving regularly launches relief funds to support nonprofits helping those in need. The Disaster Recovery Network at GlobalGiving deploys a "model of effective, community-led relief and recovery through locally focused grants, advocacy, and training programs." GlobalGiving's former Chief Program Officer describes the approach as:
GlobalGiving's community of nonprofits, donors, and companies has funded relief work in response to a wide range of disasters, including Hurricane Maria in 2017, the Nepal earthquake in 2015, the Ebola outbreak in West Africa in 2014, Typhoon Haiyan in 2013, the Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in 2011, and the ongoing Syrian refugee crisis, among others. GlobalGiving is regularly recommended by USAID's Center for International Disaster Information to donors looking to support disaster relief efforts.
Vetting and GG Rewards
GlobalGiving runs a vetting program for nonprofits participating in its community. Nonprofits are judged on characteristics such as transparency, accountability, financials, and compliance with local regulations and international philanthropic guidelines. The vetting also factors in GlobalGiving-specific criteria such as engagement with the GlobalGiving community, ability to crowdfund on the platform, and ability to manage the programs fundraising on the platform. Through a reward program called GG Rewards, GlobalGiving ranks nonprofits as Partners, Leaders, or Superstars based primarily on engagement with the GlobalGiving community and a demonstrated commitment to effectiveness. GG Rewards also offers badges like "Site Visit Verified", "Effective Nonprofit", and "Project of the Month". The ratings themselves but not the supporting data are visible on nonprofits' profiles on the site. Nonprofits can see details of their own GG Rewards in their account's dashboard. GG Rewards ratings are also posted on nonprofits' Charity Navigator profiles. As of November 2017, approximately 53% of GlobalGiving partner nonprofits were rated Partner, 22% were rated Leader, and 24% were rated Superstar. Approximately 27% had earned the Site Visit Verified badge, and 19% had earned the Effective Nonprofit badge.
Reviews
GlobalGiving earned Charity Navigator's highest rating of four stars in the latest ratings published by the charity evaluator. The Better Business Bureau's 2019 review states that GlobalGiving meets all of its charity accreditation standards.
References
External links
Official website
Development charities based in the United States
Peer-to-peer charities
Crowdfunding platforms of the United States
American fundraising websites
Non-profit organizations listed in Russia as foreign agents
